 Delta Quadrant Defense Station : Major Elif : [ Man On Radio ] This is Red Leader Alpha : Sentry sweep completed as ordered : All Saurian fighter ships have left Alliance airspace , as dictated by terms of armistice : Request permission to enter restricted zone : Ready for code transmit : Go ahead : E : T : A : , one minute : Entering code sequence : : : Now : [ Elif ] Code sequence accepted : Reentry programmed for 54 seconds : Whew : Every time we come home , I get a cold shiver : You know , one little mistake from the guy in control down there , and it 's good-bye for all of us : I read you , Willie : That is the most awesome offensive and defensive space complex : : : In the history of man : [ Chuckles ] Without it , it might have been us suing for peace instead of the Saurians : Prepare for reentry : Red Leader Alpha , you have cleared perimeter defense : Contact docking control on assigned frequency : Understood : Red Leader Alpha out : [ Beeping ] Display code sequence , please : [ Different Tones Beeping ] [ Beeps ] [ Sustained Beeping ] [ Beeping ] Delta Quadrant Defense Station : Major Elif : [ On Radio ] This is Blue Leader Victor : Request permission to enter restricted zone : Ready for code transmit : Go ahead : [ Man Narrating ] In the year 1987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems were frozen : : : By temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory : : : Into an orbit 1,000 times more vast , an orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Shuttlecraft 155 , you 're locked into tractor beam : Proceed with normal docking sequence : Over : [ Man On Radio ] Searcher , this is Shuttlecraft 155 : Proceeding with docking : Out : - Top of the mornin ' , Wilma : - Top of the morning ? Twiki , where on earth did you pick up an expression like that ? In the language archives : Dr : Goodfellow is programming Crichton with early Anglo-Saxon dialects : I asked if I could have one , so he gave me " Top of the mornin ' : " Do you like it ? Oh , I think it 's charming : But the ambassador will be coming aboard in the next few minutes : Why aren 't you in the hangar deck with everybody else ? I was , but it got boring : I decided to visit Buck : I was planning on seeing him myself , as soon as I can get away from here : - How is he ? - Malfunctioning : Definitely malfunctioning : You must not move : [ Groans ] I just thought I would look in on you before I left : [ Sighs ] Going out on patrol , huh ? I wish I were going with you : I understand : But what you need now is rest : Rest , yeah : [ Chuckling ] Unfortunately , with a fever on a scale of 12 : 6 , it takes all the fun out of resting : - Is the ambassador on board yet ? - Their shuttle is approaching now : That is one of the reasons why I want to leave early : If I delay , I will have to listen to endless speeches of welcome : You never could take pomp and circumstance , could you , Hawk ? - I must go : Get well , Buck : - I 'm trying : Hey : Keep ' em flying , huh ? [ Sighs ] Admiral ? Your Excellency : Welcome aboard the Searcher : Thank you , Admiral : May I present my chief advisor , Dr : Moray ? Doctor : And these gentlemen are my aides : Gentlemen : Excellency , on behalf of the Directorate , allow me to congratulate you on the successful negotiations : : : Of the Saurian unconditional surrender : Thank you , Admiral : I 'm sure the Saurians will present no further threat to intergalactic peace : Good : Before going to your quarters , perhaps you would like a brief tour of the ship ? Hmm : Hmm : Gentlemen ? [ Chuckles ] That 's what I love ... the personal touch : Well , still not feeling too well , are we ? Well , you look all right : I can 't say the same for myself though : At least your sense of humor is healthy : Yeah , well , that 's all that is : [ Sighs ] Has Dr : Goodfellow made any progress in coming up with something to kill this virus ? He 's working on it : In the meantime , you might just remember that people who go traipsing around on unexplored planets : : : Without wearing a respirator are asking for an infection : Oh , that 's great advice , Paulton : Thank you very much for caring : I appreciate it : You 've got a great bedside manner : - Hey , Paulton : - What is it ? Would you do me a favor ? Would you fix this picture for me , please ? The picture 's fine to me : No , it isn 't : There 's a kind of green fuzziness around some of the people : Still looks all right to me : You can 't see that ? It 's like a ghost image or something : Captain Rogers : I think you 'd better get some rest : [ Groans ] Captain Rogers , do you need help ? No , thanks : No : I 'll be all right : [ Asimov ] This , gentlemen , is our remote survey vehicle : Excellency , if you would : Just see how light it is : Buck , what in blazes are you doing here ? You 're supposed to be flat on your back : Wilma , do you see something funny about the ambassador and his party ? [ Wilma ] Something funny ? What do you mean ? Well , they 're ... they 're surrounded by a light : A green aura : Buck , you 're seeing things : No , wait : There 's something wrong : Extremely well-made : Wait , Wilma : - Very , very durable : - You sure you don 't see anything ? - Also , uh ... - You can tell me all about it back in sick bay : Come on : You will , uh , also notice : : : That it is possibly the latest design : : : In the entire universe : The R : S : V : Is , uh , powered by a new proton engine : : : Which gives it a far greater range : That 's interesting , very interesting : Oh , forgive me , Your Excellency : You must be exhausted : Perhaps you would like to see your quarters now : : : And complete touring the ship after you 've had a rest : I would like that very much : Some rest would do us good : Gentlemen : Not a word , Paulton : I don 't get it , Wilma : First on the video screen , and then the same thing again : : : When I watched them from the observation deck : Well , you 're burning up : It 's no wonder you 're seeing things : You 've got Lieutenant Paulton very upset with you : Captain Rogers , I will not be responsible if your condition gets worse : If I die , I promise you my last words will be , " It was not Paulton 's fault : " Ha ! Very funny ! [ Sighs ] I just don 't understand it : Don 't understand it : I 've been sick before , but I never hallucinated : You 've never had Cygnus Fever before either : You 're weak and you 're disoriented : You just gotta get some rest if you 're gonna shake this thing : I know : I know : I just can 't explain what I saw : Try not to worry about it , okay ? Just concentrate on getting well : I 'm concerned , very concerned : About the one on the balcony ? He looked at us very strangely : It has me worried : Do you suppose ... Doctor , we cannot afford to suppose : Our infiltration of the Delta Defense Station will succeed only : : : If our impersonation is perfect : Find out about that human : [ Beeps ] [ Beeping ] This is the terminal of our navigational computer : The computer itself is on " D " Deck : Our course is maintained automatically : Impressive : Most impressive : This way , gentlemen : The green dot signifies our present position : The yellow line is our course : What does the red light indicate ? That 's Delta Quadrant , the most heavily armed defense station in this part of the galaxy : There 's no problem as long as we avoid it : Yes , the Saurians feared it greatly : It was a major factor in their defeat : Indeed : Any ship venturing within 2,000 grids without the proper code : : : Is destroyed automatically : Well , gentlemen , what else can I show you ? Space medicine 's always fascinated me : Your sick bay perhaps ? Of course : I 'm sure Dr : Goodfellow would be delighted to show you our facilities : Lieutenant Devlin , would you kindly show the doctor below ? I believe you 'll find Goodfellow in his laboratory : This way , Doctor : One wonders at the marvels yet to be created by man : By man ? Why created only by man , Admiral ? I , uh ... I beg your pardon ? My point is that the universe is populated : : : By large numbers of nonhumans : A great many of these non-men , shall we say , are undoubtedly of superior intelligence , creative , more inventive by far : : : Than anything that you or I could possibly imagine : Of course : I only used the term " man " in an abstract sense : - Well , Admiral , it 's been most interesting : - Thank you , Excellency : Gentlemen : Now , Doctor , follow me : He may be asleep : He may be asleep : Yes , he is : Now , here 's , uh , Captain Rogers , the young man I told you about : Yes : But Cygnus Fever ? I thought that virus no longer affected humans : Yes , but in Captain Rogers 's century , the human physiology was slightly different : Oh , my dear boy : I hear you 've been misbehaving again , walking around instead of staying in bed : I 'd like you to meet a distinguished guest of ours , Dr : Moray : Captain : - Is something wrong ? - Dr : Goodfellow , don 't you see it ? See what ? What are you talking about ? What do you mean ? The light : Green light : It 's like a double image : You don 't see it , do you ? I don 't understand , Buck : I don 't understand : I don 't get it , Doc : You look okay : It only happens when I look at him : What 's wrong with me , Doc ? Am I losing my vision ? Easy : Take it easy , Buck : Take it easy : You have a very high fever , and things are apt to appear distorted under such circumstances : But you don 't look distorted : Only him : Perhaps I should visit some other time : Yes : Just a moment , Doctor : I 'll go with you : All right , Buck , I 'm going to order a sedative for you : Right now I want you to lie back and rest : All right , Doc : Whatever you say : Thank you , yes : I 'll be back later to check on you : Ah , good enough : Good : That 's right : Now , I want , if you please , you to administer : : : Just one c : C : Of chlorzine , and , uh , try and get him to take as much of that as possible : Yes , Doctor : Thank you : Thank you very much : Doctor , I thought you might find this interesting : Ah , an Optical Engram Imager : Impressive : [ Grunts ] Oh , Captain Rogers ! I am so sorry ! I 'm sorry : Captain Rogers ! Captain Rogers ! Captain Rogers ! You ! Captain Rogers ! Captain Rogers ! You ! Buck , what 's the matter ? What are you doing ? [ Alarm Blaring ] I thought I saw ... No , I know I saw ... Buck , what 's wrong ? What happened ? What in blazes is going on here ? Yes , come here , Admiral : Captain Rogers is extremely ill : We all know he 's ill , Doctor , but what in the name ofTheseus is he doing out of bed ? He seems to have had some sort of hallucination , seen some sort of strange image : I don 't know : Would somebody turn off that alarm ? [ Alarm Shuts Off ] Well , what is it , Buck ? Admiral , I wasn 't hallucinating : I saw it : It wasn 't human : Even now , you know , there 's a green light , like a ... like a ghost image : Can 't any of you see it ? Buck , you 're overwrought : You should be in bed : I 'm sorry : I didn 't see anything : Buck , I want you back in sick bay at once : Now , that , my friend , is an order : Wait : Wait a minute : Wait a minute : They 've got it too : Green light : It 's like an aura : Can 't any of you see it ? Lieutenant Devlin , Lieutenant Paulton : - Get Captain Rogers back to sick bay : - Come on now : Captain Rogers : Come on , Captain : Can 't you see it ? Can 't anybody see it ? All right , everyone : Back to your stations : Back to your stations ! Ambassador , I regret all of this very much : That 's quite all right : The man is obviously not responsible for his behavior : No apology is necessary : However , you have not introduced me to this lovely lady : And for that , I cannot forgive you : Ambassador Cabot , Colonel Deering , one of my executive officers : How do you do ? Admiral ? I 'm quite certain you have matters to attend to : As for us , we really should discuss our report to the Directorate : : : Concerning the treaty negotiations : Gentlemen ? On top of everything , did you have to offend the ambassador ? Something 's gone wrong : I don 't understand : We need to know how Rogers is penetrating our image screen : Why not let me kill him now ? And ruin everything we 've worked for by acting too soon ? We will kill no one until this ship gets into Delta Quadrant Headquarters : : : And we replace the five senior officers : : : Who control the entire Alliance Defensive System , at which time the galaxy will be ours : For now , we need to know precisely what he sees and why : We 'll need a blood sample : I can 't get near him : He 's too suspicious : Find a way : Doctor : : : Find a way ! Hello , Dr : Goodfellow : Hello : Any change in Captain Rogers 's condition ? Oh , no , not yet , confound it : I 've been spending a great deal of time : : : Trying to find some means of controlling the virus : Most stubborn case , I must say : Doctor , that 's why I 'm here : I think I might be of some help to you : You do ? Indeed : When I saw Captain Rogers , I recalled a somewhat similar case : : : I encountered on the planet Librax : If I had a sample ofblood to work with , I think perhaps I might come up with something you could use : Good heavens , that 's good news : That 's splendid , Doctor : You administered the sedative ? Shh : Yes : Less than 30 minutes ago : Do you think these will be adequate for you ? Oh , quite , quite : I doubt I 'll need to draw that much : I see : Now , then : Let me do that : A hemofractionizer : I completely forgot : What did you forget ? Hemofractionizer : Oh , yes , yes : I think I know what you mean : You do have one ? Do you want one ? If you would be so kind : I 'll see if they 've got one in medical supplies : You 're going to stay here ? Yes , thank you : Right : I 'll go : Thank you : First , my dear Captain Rogers , we temporarily counteract the sedative : We want to be sure : : : [ Groaning ] Our blood supply is pure : In a few seconds , that counteracting agent : : : Is going to cause you brief but considerable pain : [ Moans ] That can 't be helped : No , Captain , I 'm just trying to get a blood sample ! Help ! Help ! [ Grunting ] Help : ! [ Gagging ] Oh , good heavens : What 's going on ? Captain Rogers ! Captain Rogers ! Stop it : Buck ! Oh , my : [ Paulton ] Captain Rogers , stop it : Stop it : ! [ Goodfellow ] Stop it : Stop it at once : You 'll kill him : Stop ! [ Panting ] What 's going on ? Help us get him back in the bed : Thank goodness you came : Can you manage ? Try and get him back in the bed : Oh , dear : The sheet : Dr : Goodfellow : : : You drugged me : Are you one of them ? Oh , Wilma : Are you too ? Is everybody ? Hawk : Get me Hawk : [ Wilma On Radio ] Red Boy 1 , Red Boy 1 : Do you read me ? Over : This is Red Boy 1 : What is it , Wilma ? Buck is worse , and I ... I 'm really worried : He 's asking for you , Hawk : Can you come back ? I will return at once : Red Boy 1 out : [ Man ] Admiral , we seem to be deviating from our course : [ Asimov ] Impossible : We 're programmed through to stargate : Yes , sir , but our instruments are all registering deviation : Crichton , check the navigational terminal , see if you can figure this out : The computer indicates we are still on course , Admiral : I advise you to take a reading of our position : : : By astral scan : We have deviated from programmed course three degrees to starboard : Display new heading : [ Instruments Beeping ] Sir , we 're headed for Delta Quadrant : E : T : A : Restricted zone is 19 minutes , four seconds : Go to manual : Steer three degrees port : She 's not responding , sir : Computer , return to programmed course : The computer informs me that the plasma gyros will not respond : Get the technicians up here : Computer technicians to the bridge : Well , you 're certainly looking better , Captain Rogers : Well , I 'm certainly feeling better : Uh : : : Sort of : I guess I made quite a fool out of myself : Oh , I wouldn 't say that : Let 's just say your imagination got the better of you : Yeah : I 'll tell you , Wilma , it all seemed so real : L ... I would have sworn that , uh ... well ... What ? Never mind : Never mind : Well , I would have sworn that-that : : : I saw : : : Green lizards : Green lizards ? Yeah , not only once , but twice : Twice I thought I saw Dr : Moray turn into some kind of giant green lizard : With scales , flicking tongues , the works : Unbelievable : Morning , Colonel Deering : Captain Rogers : I must say , you 're looking much better , Captain : I hope you can say the same for me : I must have been delirious : I guess I owe you an apology : Not at all : You could hardly help yourself : But tell me , Captain , what did you see when ... well , when you became so : : : Excited ? Sir , there 's nothing wrong with either the controls or the terminal : Then why , by the hammers ofThor , are we off course ? I don 't know : I 'd have to check your main computer banks : Then check them : We 're less than 4,000 grids away from the Delta Quadrant Defense Zone : Yes , sir : Put it back , huh ? A giant green lizard , indeed ! That is strange , isn 't it ? Hmm : I hope there are no hard feelings : Of course not , Captain : My only hope is that the treatment Dr : Goodfellow and I are working on : : : Will get you over this virus as soon as possible : And speaking of work , I really should get back to the lab : If you 'll excuse me ? Of course , Doctor : Buck , you 've never seen a Saurian before , have you ? No : Why ? And you didn 't see any part of the peace negotiations when they were broadcast ? I was on Cygnus : That 's where I got this fever , remember ? Let 's try something : Flick on the vid-screen , will you ? I 'm gonna punch into the archives , and we 'll take a look at the holoscan made during the negotiations : It works : He didn 't see anything unusual : You 're quite certain ? I assure you , I appeared completely normal to him : You may all set your projectors to the frequency indicated by the blood sample : [ Beeping ] We are now 3,000 grids from the zone of destruction : It will not be long , gentlemen : You really should return to Dr : Goodfellow in the lab : After all , you promised to help him find a cure for our friend Captain Rogers : By all means : By all means : What you 're going to see is last week 's telecast : : : Of the unconditional surrender of the Saurian Empire to Alliance forces : Now , there on the right are Ambassador Cabot and his aides , who came aboard the Searcher this morning , including Dr : Moray who just left this room : And on the other side are the Saurian delegates to the conference : There ! That 's what I saw ! Green lizard people ! Exactly the way they looked : You can 't hallucinate something you 've never seen : Wilma , do you trust me ? Buck , I know something is going on that we don 't understand : What can we do about it ? [ Sighs ] - I hate to see you in such pain , Buck : - Pain : That 's it ! What on earth are you talking about ? Wilma , come on : We gotta talk to Dr : Goodfellow : Position and time to intersect : Twenty-two hundred grids from present restricted zone : At present course and speed , we will enter the automated defense quadrant in 14 minutes : Blast it : Any word from the computer room ? Negative , sir : There 's ... [ Man On Intercom ] Delta Quadrant calling Searcher : Delta Quadrant calling Searcher : Delta Quadrant calling Searcher : Put him on : This is Delta Quadrant Defense Headquarters : You are approaching the restricted zone : Please make appropriate course adjustments : Well , Doctor , what do you think ? What do I think ? Well , it 's a novel theory , Buck : Very novel theory , indeed : Essentially , you 're suggesting that in moments of sharp pain , you saw the , um ... Saurians : The Saurians : Yes , indeed , the Saurians : It 's the only theory that makes any sense : The first time it happened was when Paulton spilled the hot soup on me : The next time was when Moray stuck me in the arm with that needle to take a blood sample : Yes , yes , yes , I suppose the sudden increase of adrenaline : : : That accompanies pain : : : Could somehow account for the abrupt hallucination : Hallucination ? Doctor , how can you say that ? I told you : I hadn 't even seen one until a few minutes ago : You told me , when you agreed to listen to me , that you 'd keep an open mind about this , you had an open mind about all this : I have : I mean , the point of opening one 's mind is to shut it again : : : When something solid gets in there : The mere fact that pain may have triggered what you saw : : : In no way proves that what you saw had any physical reality : : : Outside your brain : You see that , don 't you ? Moreover , how does one account for the fact that you eventually ceased to see : : : The peculiar aura , or whatever it was : : : Around Dr : Moray ? I don 't know , Doctor : I don 't know : But I am convinced that there was something very strange : : : About the ambassador , Dr : Moray : : : And his aides : - I hope I 'm not intruding : - Certainly not , Doctor : Captain Rogers just ... We were , uh , just theorizing : : : About those strange hallucinations I was having : Indeed : I thought we established that you hallucinated because of your fever : Exactly : I 'd like to , uh , perform an experiment : : : To , uh , confirm that theory : Experiment : What sort of experiment ? Just a little something I cooked up : As a matter of fact , your participation would be very helpful : Well , uh ... Of course : Delighted : Anything to advance medical knowledge , you know : Oh , great , Doctor , great : I admire your scientific spirit : Would you just step this way , please ? Velocity and course ? Fourteen grids per second : Course constant , sir : Put the video com on transmit : I want him to see us : Aye , sir : Delta Quadrant , I repeat , our navigation computer has locked us : : : Into intersect with your restricted zone : If you don 't abort your automatic defenses , this ship will be blown into subatomic particles in 11 minutes : Cancellation of the automatic defenses is impossible : : : Without the proper code sequence : And I tell you we haven 't got the code sequence ! Sit down , Doctor : Really , Captain Rogers ... Sit down ! Really , Buck , I don 't think there 's any call for rudeness : Do you think I 'm hallucinating , Doctor ? I think I 'm seeing something real : Well , now 's the time to settle that question once and for all : Okay , except for some understandable nervousness , the good doctor looks perfectly normal : I 'm gonna put my arm in that spark , and when I do , it 's gonna hurt : I 'll lay you 50-to-one odds : : : I will see what I saw before ... a green lizard : Buck , you 're gonna burn your arm ! Don 't : ! Don 't , Buck : ! You don 't know what you 're doing : Buck , you 're gonna burn your arm : ! Buck , this is crazy : ! Buck : ! I don 't understand : I should have seen it : L ... Captain Rogers is obviously deranged : How much more evidence do you need ? Colonel Deering , I demand that you have this psychopath locked up : Captain Rogers does not belong in the sick bay : He belongs in the brig : ! I assure you , this matter will be reported to the ambassador : This violation of diplomatic protocol will be reported to the highest levels ! Buck ? Time to intersect ? Seven minutes , 13 seconds , Admiral : Admiral , computer room on the horn : All right : Well , what have you found ? Sir , there 's a force field around the plasma gyros : And , sir , it looks like sabotage : All right : Just do what you can : Yes , sir : Crichton , what do you know about force fields ? Everything , Admiral : Good : Then get down to the computer room : They need you : I hear , I obey : [ Man ] Starship Searcher , this is Defense Quadrant Delta : You are entering the outer perimeter automated defense zone : Precisely six minutes to autodestruct sequence : - Sound general quarters : - Yes , sir : General quarters , general quarters : All personnel report to duty stations : I 'm going to make one last try to reason with them : Admiral , perhaps I can help : My face is known to all members of the Alliance government , including the military : - Delta Defense might listen to me : - Very well , Ambassador : We 'll put you on the screen : Video com transmit on : Aye , sir : Delta Defense Quadrant , this is Ambassador Cabot : Surely you recognize me : You must cancel the automatic defense shields and let us through : I 'm sorry , Ambassador : I must have the proper code : Well , you fool , do you realize what you 're doing ? You are about to destroy the most valuable research vessel in the Alliance , and with it take my life and the lives of my aides : Look at me ! How much more proof do you need that we are what we say we are ? Ambassador , I 'll have to confirm with higher authority : Stand by , please : Let 's just hope that higher authority will listen to reason : [ Beeps ] General Kenton , sir : The vessel on the screen is reporting itself as Earth ship Searcher : It does not have entry codes : : : And it claims computer malfunction has locked it on a destruction course with our defenses : Uh , the man in the foreground with the admiral : : : Claims to be Ambassador Cabot of our treaty negotiating team : It is Cabot : I 'll handle it : Ambassador , I 'm General Kenton , Vice Commander of Delta Quadrant : Permission is granted to enter the quadrant , but you will disengage your plasma drive and proceed at half speed : Any sudden maneuvers , and your ship will be immediately destroyed : Agreed , General : Without your intervention , Ambassador , the Searcher would be finished : Oh , you have my deepest gratitude : That does it : Check our position for boarding sequence : Yes , sir : Don 't anybody move : Buck , what do you think you 're doing ? Admiral , stay right where you are : I mean it : You get back there : Get back ! Move ! You , across the room where I can see you : Devlin , you move out of that chair , you 're a dead man : I will atomize anyone who moves : Anyone : Buck : You 're insane : That does seem to be the consensus , doesn 't it ? Starship Searcher : This is Delta Quadrant : Two minutes to docking : Prepare for boarding by security forces : Repeat , two minutes to docking : There : He is one of them : So you think I 'm crazy , huh ? Well , I 've got a flash for you : I 'm just crazy enough to know the difference between my enemies and my friends : The Saurians are my enemies , even if they have managed , somehow , to appear as human beings : - Admiral , this man is clearly insane : - Yeah , I 'm insane : So insane it took me until five minutes ago to figure out : : : That you and your friends here have some kind of device that makes you appear as humans : But they forgot one small thing , Admiral : They forgot they had to fool someone from the 20th century , someone with a slightly different body chemistry , someone they hadn 't calibrated their devices for : Thank you , Hawk : - Are you with me , Wilma ? - You bet : Don 't be afraid to use it : Starship Searcher : One minute until docking sequence : Buck , that 's the thermostat : You 're absolutely right , Admiral : In a few seconds we 'll begin to notice a very pleasant : : : Climatic change : Buck , it 's freezing in here : Not quite , but it soon will be : This is absurd : The man is trying to freeze us to death : What 's the matter ? You a little chilly , Doctor ? After all , we 're only at level two and dropping : Starship Searcher , this is Delta Quadrant : Thirty seconds to docking sequence : Admiral , I ... I insist ... In ... [ Body Thuds ] Well , who 's next ? You , Moray ? [ Asimov ] Good Lord , what 's happening ? All right , Devlin : Switch the video com to transmit : Here 's how they did it : As you can see for yourself , these people are all Saurians , just like the major at that console : If you check his wrist , you 'll find a similar device : My , my , this is an experience I won 't get over for a time , I can tell you : Put ' em in the brig under double guard till after we 've docked : Admiral , the temperature is slowly returning to normal , sir : Good : I 've never seen anything like it : They just collapsed : How did you know ? It 's simple : They 're reptiles , therefore they 're cold-blooded : They go into hibernation once the temperature gets below scale three : But you weren 't able to see them anymore : I thought you 'd given up : I had : Obviously , they 'd recalibrated their devices : I was convinced I 'd been hallucinating all along : But they made one small mistake : Their inside man at Delta Quadrant didn 't get the word to recalibrate , and you saw him on the monitor : - Yes : You may go to the head of the class , Wilma : - Thank you : Buck , if the Saurians had succeeded in taking over the Searcher : : : And infiltrating the Delta Quadrant Defense Station , why , they could have blackmailed the entire galaxy : I guess I don 't need to tell you what an idiot I feel like : - That 's all right , Admiral : You can tell me : - I must agree , Buck : You were splendid , simply splendid : [ Gasping ] Oh , I thought I was going to sneeze : Yes , we might call your behavior : : : An inspirational act of forbearance and courage : : : In the face of insurmountable odds : - But I was wondering just one thing : - What 's that ? Do you think we might have the heat turned up just a trifle faster ? [ Gasping , Sneezes ] Oh : Say , " God bless you , Doctor : " God bless you , Doctor : Thank you very much : Ridiculous : A perfectly ridiculous custom : I didn 't ask your opinion : That was your second mistake : Your first mistake was thinking that a handful of decaying vegetable matter : : : Would make a suitable gift for a malfunctioning human : Oh , you just don 't understand at all ! It 's an old Earth tradition : Humans always give flowers to someone who is sick : Buck will love them : Preposterous ! What are they good for ? They simply wither and die : If you 'd just shut up for a minute , you might learn something : Now , if you were sick ... [ Electronic Humming ] Hmm : Me , sick ? Impossible : I am a superior being : Good day : Superior being ? The only thing superior about him is his mouth ! Can you get the ball game on that thing ? It 's almost normal : Thank God you 'll soon be out of my hair , Captain : She loves me : So we see : Surprise ! Surprise , Buck ! Aren 't they pretty ? Ahh ! - Oh , Twiki , they 're beautiful : - Oh , that 's very thoughtful of you , partner : I 'm starting to feel better already : I knew it ! Crichton thought he was so smart : He said they wouldn 't do anything to make him well : He said they would just wither and die : But look , they 're making him feel better already :
