 Good evening , my dear friends . Let us undertake a cinematic journey ... through the world of fantasy . To this end , I have dug up a few major movie treats from my Film archives . Let 's begin with an ancient picture that was gathering dust on my Film shelf : The Mummy The Mummy The time has come again . The mummy has found some reason to awaken from its century-long sleep . Naturally , the mummy falls in love with an unknown girl ... whom it mistakes for its long-lost love . Why are we afraid of that stiff blockhead ? Everybody should be familiar with the subject of the next Film : the creation of an artificial being from body parts of the dead . We all know the story . In this castle , Dr. Frankenstein has his laboratory ... where he created a man from corpses . He and his servant Fritz are on the verge ... of breathing new life into the creature with the help of electricity . Now , Fritz ! The time has come . At last I know what it means ... to feel like God ! Of course , the calculations of our brilliant scientist don 't pan out ... and the creature only does what monsters will do . Then , one night , something horrible happens . Why did you do that ? Create a woman for me , or you will end up like Fritz . Dr. Frankenstein knows the monster will kill him too if he resists ... so he creates a bride for the monster . There is your woman ! What are you doing ? She 's ugly ! Yes , she was ugly indeed . In its boundless rage , the monster pushes the button ... that can destroy the entire laboratory . So much for Frankenstein . But let 's get back to the mummy ... because it 's about to seek revenge . The Revenge Of The Mummy Short and painful , this revenge ! Now on to something completely different . A superhero ! The world-famous Captain Berlin . This time he must contend with an alien ... who has just landed in his apartment . Captain Berlin Against Hyxar Listen to me , Earthling . I am Hyxar ... the terrible bounty hunter from space . My master , Mr. Wind , has sent me ... to destroy you , Captain Berlin ! So prepare for battle ! On to battle ! My God ! This can mean only one thing . I must transform myself ! You can 't run away from me . This is a case for Captain Berlin . I must save the world ! My family is in danger ! Well , that , too , was resolved quickly . However , what happens when we ravage and pollute our good Earth ... and , as a result , a giant dinosaur breaks free to the surface ? This mine is a waste dump containing hydroxynometaline ... one of the most toxic substances our civilization produces . Gazorra . : The Beast From The Depths Of The Earth Yes , I will report it . Commander , a very serious radio call on channel 1 3 ! A gigantic creature has emerged from the earth ... near the hydroxynometaline stockpile ! What ? That 's impossible ! All armored combat units ready for attack ! We will get the creature ! Fire ! Fire ! Yes , good ! Roger . Commander , the monster has reached the city . Oh , my God ! My research leads me to believe ... that this dinosaur is a gazorrasaur . This is a dinosaur species that has been extinct for millions of years . Then the time is ripe ! We can Finally try out our giant combat robot . Stop ! Please rethink your actions . After all , this is an invaluable jewel for science . I must insist that you catch it alive . Logically speaking , this is true , but it won 't get us far . The super giant combat robot is a secret weapon . We have never tried it before . It has super-hyper-mano-facture turbines ... and several super weapons on board , of course . It will put an end to this Gazorra . I 'm telling you : You will regret this ! But at least leave me the bones ! Humankind will thank me . Giant combat robot , forward march ! Good . Thank you . Commander , bad news . Operation Robot has unfortunately failed . Damn ! This leaves us with only one last option : the bomb . - Where is the monster ? - At the train station , Commander . Very good . Then we 'll put the bomb on a railway car ... a remote-control railway car ... and let it slam into the beast . May God be with us ! After this classically tragic ending , it is very difficult for me ... to present to you the following modern bloody horror . But not to fear ! Let it roll ! This is the home of sex-offender Bruno . It seems he 's not home yet . Well , I suppose he 's still out hunting . Oh , I hear something . Let 's listen . He 's coming . Come here . Now ! Well , after this I can only wish you bon appetit ... and say good-bye to you blood-lickers until next time . Good-bye .
