 [ wind howling ] ( male narrator ) In the year 604 1 , before the reign of the Padishah Emperors , the Universe was ruled by thinking machines with h uman minds : computers and conscious robots , The people deteriorated into a state of apathy , Then they became victims and slaves of other men with machines , [ people screaming ] Finally came the Great Revolt , the religious crusade against the machines , After the Great Revolt , h uman beings were forced to develop their minds , Th us mental training schools were established , These schools would change the history of the Universe , Only two of these ancient mental training schools remain , One is the Bene Gesserit school which was established primarily for female students , The function of the Bene Gesserit school is to carry on a selective breeding program among h umans , Now , the other existing school , The Spacing Guild , or The Guild , emphasizes pure mathematics , The Guild 's Space Navigators through the use of the orange spice drug , are able to fold space , That is , to guide spaceships without moving from one planet to another , It is through The Guild 's monopolies on the economic life of the Universe that makes it so powerful , Know then that it is the year 101 92 , The Known Universe is ruled by the Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV , For many years the Emperor Shaddam IV has ruled on planet Kaitain over all the great houses of the Landsraad , The great houses of the Landsraad are members of the royal families who rule or govern over the major planets of the Universe according to the ancient feudal system of government , Two of the great houses of the Landsraad are the House of Atreides on planet Caladan ruled by Duke Leto Atreides and the House of Harkonnen on the planet Giedi Prime ruled by the Baron Vladimir Harkonnen , In this time , the most precious substance in the Universe is the spice melange , The spice extends life , The spice expands consciousness , The spice is vital to space travel , CHOAM Company controls the mining of the spice , The CHOAM Company is controlled by the Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV and the great houses of the Landsraad with The Guild and the Bene Gesserit as silent partners , This combine is the key to the wealth and political power of the Universe , It is the Emperor Shaddam IV who dispenses CHOAM directorships and contracts to the various great houses of the Landsraad , The spice exists on only one planet in the entire Universe , A desolate , dry planet with vast deserts , The planet Dune , also known as Arrakis , Up until this time , the Baron Vladimir Harkonnen has held a directorship from the Emperor Shaddam IV , giving him a contract to mine the spice on planet Arrakis , The Baron Vladimir , with his two nephews , the Count Rabban and Feyd Harkonnen , live on the planet Giedi Prime , The planet Caladan is ruled by Duke Leto Atreides , cousin to the Emperor Shaddam IV , He resides in the ancient Castle Caladan with the Bene Gesserit Lady Jessica , and their son , the ducal heir , Paul Atreides , The Emperor , fearful of the Duke ' s increasing popularity among the great houses of the Landsraad has conspired with the Duke 's mortal enemies , the Harkonnens , to destroy the House of Atreides , A secret report within the Guild : Four planets have come to our attention regarding a plot which could jeopardize the spice production , Planet Arrakis : source of the spice , Planet Caladan : home of House Atreides , Planet Giedi Prime : home of House Harkonnen , Planet Kaitain : Home of the Emperor of the Known Universe , Send a third-stage Guild Navigator to Kaitain to demand details from the Emperor , The spice m ust flow , [ people chatteri ng ] Father ? I ru lan , you m ust leave . Why does The G u i ld send a th i rd-stage Navigator here ? The spice . It has to be . He senses my plan . My lord , the Reverend Mother is here . All entrance corridors and chambers have been cleared . We are dismissed ? Y es , yes , he 'll sense the least surveillance . No eavesdropping of any kind . A third-stage Guild Navigator will be here within minutes . We felt his presence . I shall want telepathy during his visit and a report when we 're finished . Their minds are so ... They move in strange directions . Yes . Forced spice evolution with humans changes many things . I must sit close to him . He will not permit anyone but me to see him . You must be outside this room . I am your T ruthsayer , my lord . [ whispering ] He 's here , my lord . [ speaking alien language ] ( translating device ) The Bene Gesserit witch must leave , Leave us . Y es , my lord . We are alone . [ clanking ] ( Guild navigator ) We have just folded space from Ix , Y es ? How was you r jou rney ? Many machines on Ix , New machines , Oh ? Y es . Better than those on Richese , You are transparent , I see many things , I see plans within plans , Is there a problem ? Usual ly there 's a problem when one of you makes a visit . The answer is within the problem , I see two great houses , House Atreides , House Harkonnen feuding , I see you behind it , Y es . You must share with us , Du ke Atreides ' House is bu i ld i ng a secret army usi ng a tech n ique unknown to us . A technique involving sound . The Duke is becoming more popular in the Landsraad . He could threaten me . I have ordered Duke Atreides to occupy Arrakis to mine the spice , thus replacing their enemies , the Baron Harkonnen . The Duke will not refuse because of the tremendous power they think they will gain . Then , at an appointed time , Baron Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and launch a sneak attack on Duke Atreides . I have promised the Baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops . So the Harkonnens will rid you of House Atreides , Y es . Listen to me , The spice must flow , The spice has given me accelerated evolution for 4 , 000 years , It has enabled you to live 200 , It gives the Bene Gesserit sisterhoods the metaphysical ability to see beyond , You want superior powers , O ur power to fold space is in the spice , Without us , your empire will be lost , On isolated scattered planets , you would be lost , One small point , ( Reverend Mother ) Here it comes , ( Guild navigator ) We , ourselves , foresee a slight problem within the House Atreides , Paul , Paul Atreides , You mean , of cou rse , Du ke Leto Atreides , h is father ? I mean Paul Atreides , We want him killed , I did not say this , I am not here , I u nderstand . ( Emperor ) Why would they want the Duke 's son killed ? Wel l ? They fear that putti ng House Atreides on Arrakis will hurt spice production . For us , a small amount is enough to greatly extend our lives . But they consume tremendous quantities . A great deal is needed to evolve the seeing eye . They worry . The Universe worries when they worry . What else ? So much was unclear . You may go , Helen Mohiam , Bene Gesserit . Y es , my lord . She 's Bene Gesserit . There 's nowhere in the Universe you can escape them . Her loyalty to the sisterhood is stronger than her loyalty to me . Watch her carefully . Why would they want the Duke 's son killed ? We must have a look at Paul Atreides . On Caladan . ( Guild navigator ) I mean Paul Atreides , We want him killed , ( Emperor ) Why would they want the Duke 's son killed ? ( Reverend Mother ) We m ust have a look at Paul Atreides , On Caladan , ( male narrator ) The powerful Bene Gesserit sisterhood , for 90 generations , has been manipulating bloodlines to produce the Kwisatz Haderach , A super being , On Caladan , Jessica , a member of the sisterhood and the bound concubine of Duke Leto Atreides had been ordered to bear only daughters , Because of her love for the Duke , she disobeyed and gave birth to a son , Paul , Paul Atreides , ( Paul ) Here we are now , Caladan , And 1 9 light-years beyond , Beyond Bene Tleilax , ( male narrator ) The training planet of the Mentats , the h uman computers , Know a Mentat by his red-stained lips , ( Paul ) There , Arrakis , ( female narrator ) Spice Mining , Carryalls lower the harvester to the sand , and lift it off to safety when a worm attacks , Worms attack all rhythmic vibrations , [ com puter cl icks ] Weather , See storms , No Precipitation , ( Paul ) Never one drop of rain on Arrakis , And the Harkonnens are near , There , Giedi Prime and the Baron Harkonnen , The enemy , ( female narrator ) Saguaro , burrow bush , creosote bush , barrel cactus , ( Princess Irulan ) The beginning is a very delicate time , Know then , that it is the year 1 01 91 , ( male narrator ) Gurney Halleck , a troubadour-warrior , is companion and teacher to Paul Atreides , Dr , Wellington Yueh , Royal Physician to the House of Atreides , He wears the diamond tattoo of imperial conditioning on his forehead , This signifies that he has had the highest conditioning against taking h uman life , Therefore , this makes him safe enough to attend to even an emperor , ( Princess Irulan ) The spice is vital to space travel , The Spacing Guild and its navigators , Among those who serve Duke Leto Atreides is Th ufir Hawat , Mentat Master of Assassins to the House of Atreides , A Mentat is a h uman being who is trained and conditioned for supreme accomplishments of logic , A h uman computer to perform certain duties , I know , Th ufi r , I ' m sitti ng with my back to the door . I heard you , Doctor Y ueh , and Gurney coming down the hall . Those sounds could be imitated ! [ clicks ] I 'd know the difference . ( Thufir ) Yes , Perhaps he would at that , My father sent you to test me . Music , then ? No music . I ' m packing this for the crossing . Shield practice . Shield practice ? Gurney , we had practice this morning . I 'm not in the mood . Not in the mood ? Mood 's a thing for cattle and love play . Not fighting ! I 'm sorry , Gurney . Not sorry enough . [ buzzing ] ( Paul ) What 's wrong with Gurney ? He 's not faking this , ( Gurney ) Now , guard yourself for true ! [ Paul grunting ] [ both grunting ] Is this what you seek ? Good , The slow blade penetrates the shield , But , uh , look down , We 'd have joined each other in death , You did seem finally to get in the mood , Wou ld you real ly have d rawn my blood ? If you 'd have foug ht one whit below your abilities , I 'd have given you a good scar to remind you . [ sighing ] Things have been so serious here lately . Soon we 'll leave for Arrakis . Arrakis is real . The Harkonnens are real . Doctor Yueh , do you have any information on the worms of Arrakis ? I 've obtained a filmbook of a small specimen . Only 1 25 meters long . Only ? There have been documented sightings of worms as large as 450 meters in the deep desert . That 's far from where we 'll be in Arrakeen . The desert belt and the south polar region are marked forbidden . The storms and the worms . Is it true that the sand can blow at 700 km per hour ? It can render flesh into dust in minutes . And these dry winds can also generate tremendous amounts of static electricity in the atmosphere . Our body shields won 't have enough power to operate in the open air on Arrakis . How do the Fremen survive there ? We don 't know much about the Fremen . They live in the deep desert , some of them in the cities . They have blue-within-blue eyes . The eyes . Yes . Saturation of the blood by the spice melange . Could the spice affect us in other ways ? Many dangers exist on Arrakis . For one , the Harkonnens would not have given up their CHOAM Company contract so easily . The Harkonnens are our enemies , yes . But behind them , I suspect , is the Emperor . You 'll make a formidable Duke . Now , remember , the first step in avoiding a trap is knowing of its existence . I know , but if it is a trap then why are we going ? We have our new army . Doctor Yueh , put the weirding module on him . Well . [ chuckles ] Clear and lock the room ! ( guard ) Detachment , stand down , Activate a fighter . Make the range 2 meters . [ screeching ] [ buzzing ] [ Paul grunts ] [ grunting ] [ yelling ] Precise control . It 's not Duncan 's style . Nor mine . That 's his mother 's influence . ( male narrator ) Another member of the Duke 's household is Duncan Idaho , friend and swordmaster to Paul Atreides , Duncan ! Pau l , I was j ust on my way to say good bye to you . I have to go on ahead , alone , I won 't be seei ng you for a while . I wish you were coming with us . Why ? It 's something for your father . He wants to talk to you . I 'll see you on Arrakis . May the hand of God be with you . May the hand of God be with us all , Duncan . Father . Thank you for joining me , Paul . It will be good to get to our new home and have all this upset behind us . Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides three generations . He swears you are the finest student he has ever taught . Yueh , Gurney , and Duncan say the same . Makes me feel very proud . I want you to be proud of me . I 'll miss the sea . But a person needs new experiences . They jar something deep inside , allowing him to grow . Without change , something sleeps inside us and seldom awakens . The sleeper must awaken . [ breathing deeply ] Arrakis , Dune . Desert Planet . ( Feyd ) I will kill you , [ Feyd laughing ] ( Paul ) The second moon . T ell me of your home world , Usul . ( Jessica ) I know she has come to test him , No man has ever been tested with the box , Tonight , I may lose my son , Jessica , you were told to bear only daughters to the Atreides . Jessica ! It meant so much to him . You thought only of a Duke 's desire for a son ? Desires don 't come into this . An Atreides daughter could have been wed to a Harkonnen heir and sealed the breach . We may lose both bloodlines now . I vowed never to regret my decision . I 'll pay for all my own mistakes . And your son will pay with you . Is Arrakis ... Is it really so terrible on Arrakis ? My Duke ... You entered into this with full knowledge of the delicate edge you walked . Jessica . I wish I could stand in your place and take your sufferings . But we must each of us take our own path . I know . I understand . About Paul ... What you did and why you did it , we both know . But kindness forces me to tell you there is little chance you will be the Bene Gesserit totality . However , I will observe him . In a few minutes , Jessica , your son will be proved to be a living human being or he will be a dead animal . He 's here . Arrakis ... Dune , Desert Planet . Moving . Moving . [ thunder rumbling ] ( Reverend Mother ) We 'll salvage what we can . But I can tell you , dear God , for the father , nothing . For the father , nothing ? Did you really think you could bear the Kwisatz Haderach ? The Universe 's super being ? How dare you ! My greatest student . And my greatest disappointment . He 's awake . He 's listening to us . [ thunder rumbling ] Good ! Ready yourself , young Paul Atreides . I want to see you in your mother 's chambers in one-quarter of an hour . Paul . This is very important . Remember you are a duke 's son . ( Paul ) Kwisatz Haderach ? The super being ? For the father , nothing ? [ thunder rumbling ] This is the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam . She 's going to observe you . Please . Jessica , you know it must be done . Your Reverence . ( Paul ) What does she fear ? What about my father ? Paul , listen to the Reverend Mother and do what she tells you . [ rasping ] Now , you , come here . ( Paul ) She 's using the Voice , No . ( Reverend Mother ) Some strength there , Surprising , Come here ! [ echoing faintly ] Come here ! Come here ! Do you see th is ? [ cl icki ng ] Put you r rig ht hand i n the box . What 's in the box ? Pain . Stop . Put your hand in the box . I hold at your neck the gom jabbar . Don 't pull away or you 'll feel the poison . A duke 's son must know about many poisons . This one kills only animals . Are you suggesting a Duke 's son is an animal ? Let us say , I suggest you may be human . Your awareness may be powerful enough to control your instincts . Your instinct will be to remove your hand from the box . If you do so , you die . You will feel an itching there . Now the itching becomes burning . Heat upon heat upon heat . It burns . Silence ! Silence ! ( Paul ) I must not fear , Fear is the mind killer , And fear is the little death that brings total obliteration , I will face my fear , I will permit it to pass over me and through me , I m ust not fear , You feel the flesh crispi ng . Fear is the mind killer , Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration , I will face my fear , Flesh d roppi ng off . Fear is the little death , I m ust not fear , Fear is the little death , I 'm , The pai n ! No ! Enoug h ! [ gaspi ng ] Kull Wahad ! No woman ch i ld ever withstood that m uch . T ake you r hand out of the box and look at it , young human . Do it ! Pain by nerve induction . A human can resist any pain . Our test is crisis and observation . I see the truth of it . ( Reverend Mother ) Could he be the one ? Maybe , But will he be ours to control ? You know when people speak the truth ? I know it . Your mother wants you to tell me about your dreams . I only want to know one thing : Do they come true ? Not all of them . I know which ones will . Perhaps you are the Kwisatz Haderach . What is that ? The person who can be many places at once . The one who bridges time and space . He will look where we cannot . Do you know of the Water of Life ? The bile from the newborn worms of Arrakis ? I have heard of it . It is very dangerous . The Bene Gesserit sisterhood use it to see within . There is a place terrifying to us , to women . It is said a man will come . The Kwisatz Haderach . He will go where we cannot . Many men have tried . They tried and failed ? They tried and died . Jessica . ( Jessica ) My son lives ! I sense your teachings in him . Ignore the regular order of training . His safety requires the Voice . I 've heard enough of my safety . What about my father ? I heard your talking . You speak as if he were dead . Well , he 's not ! Paul . But he 's not . And he won 't die . Tell me he won 't die . What can be done has been done . Mother , tell me ! The Voice could save you . ( narrator ) The Baron Harkonnen sent Duke Leto a gesture of peace , No way would the Duke forego the art of Kanly , as vendetta was known , This then , is the Duke 's response as he sat writing at his desk : " Your offer of a meeting is refused , " I have ofttimes met your treachery , and this all men know , The art of Kanly still has its admirers in the empire , " Then he signed it " Duke Leto of Arrakis " knowing full well that this would annoy the Baron , With his ducal signet ring , the Duke put the seal of the House of Atreides under his signature , " Duke Leto of Arrakis , " Vas ! [ th u nder ru m bl i ng ] ( male narrator ) Soon the Baron would have his answer , Among those who serve the Baron is Piter De Vries , Mentat Master of Assassins , ( messenger on speaker ) Mentat Piter De Vries , Message for Mentat Piter De Vries , The Baron is impatient for Leto ' s reply , It is by wi I I alone I set my m i nd i n motion . It is by the j u ice of Sapho that thoug hts acq u i re speed , that I i ps acq u i re stai ns , that stai ns become a warning . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed , that lips acquire stains , that stains become a warning . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . [ gurgling ] My lord . Piter ! The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon , Baron , and I have here your answer from Duke Leto . What does Leto say , Piter ? He wishes to inform you that vendetta , as he puts it , using the ancient tongue , the art of Kanly , is still alive . He does not wish to meet or speak with you . I 've made my peace gesture . The forms of Kanly have been obeyed ! Bring in Feyd and Rabban . [ ringing ] As you instructed me , I have enlightened your nephews concerning my plan- - My plan ! The plan to crush the Atreides . Feyd . Rabban , go quietly . No other great house of the Landsraad must ever know of the Emperor 's aid to the Baron . The entire Landsraad would turn against the Baron and the Emperor . ( Baron ) I will have Arrakis back for myself ! He who controls the spice , controls the Universe ! And what Piter did not tell you is we have control of someone who is very close , very close to Duke Leto . This person , this traitor , will be worth more to us than 1 0 legions of Sardaukar . And who is this traitor ? [ laughing ] I won 't tell you who the traitor is , or when we 'll attack . However , the Duke will die before these eyes and he 'll know- - he 'll know that it is I , Baron Vladimir Harkonnen , who encompasses his doom ! [ laughing ] [ whoops ] [ laughing ] [ rumbling ] ( Jessica ) I once told you a daughter would be conceived at a time of parting . I remember . Conceived in love at a time of parting . Arrakis is a hostile world . I must be sure you want this . It has to be tonight , under these influences . I could hear you with the wind . And I whispered yes . And I whispered : " l love you . " Soon they will begin to fold space . ( Paul ) Far off in the control rooms of the spice gas , Traveling without moving , [ growling ] ( Ramallo ) And now , the prophecy . One will come . The voice from the outer world . Bringing the Holy War , the Jihad . Which will cleanse the Universe and bring us out of darkness . ( male narrator ) Hidden away within the rocks of these deserts on Arrakis are a people known as the Fremen , These people , the Fremen , have long held a prophecy that a super being a male child of a Bene Gesserit with great mental powers and courage , the Kwisatz Haderach , will come and lead them to true freedom , Mother and the son . ( male narrator ) House Atreides took control of Arrakis , 63 standard days into the year 1 01 91 , It was known that the Harkonnens , the former rulers of Arrakis would leave many suicide troops behind , Atreides ' patrols were doubled , Du ncan ! The Fremen have sent a message to you , S i re . Have you read th is ? No , I was instructed it was for you . It says : " A column of smoke by day , a pillar of fire by night . " A warning . An obscure one , at best . What have you discovered about the Fremen , Duncan ? T ell me . Why haven 't we heard from you ? My lord , I suspect so much . I think they are the allies we seek . They are strong , fierce . They do not give their loyalty easily or quickly . As you know , the Imperium has never been able to take a census of the Fremen . Everyone thinks that there are but few wandering here and there in the desert . My lord , I suspect an incredible secret has been kept on this planet . That the Fremen exist in vast numbers . Vast . And it is they who control Arrakis . [ patrollers chattering ] ( man on PA system ) Each trooper will be charged with responsibility for preserving water , Our existence as an operating army depends on these following water-saving procedures , Remember , water is life , Why is the sh ield not yet u p ? S i r , we fou nd and removed another sabotage device . I th i n k it ' I I go u p now , sir . [ announcer chattering on PA system ] They ' re finding these sabotage devices too easily . [ machines humming ] ( man on PA system ) House shield activating , My lady , the local people , the maids and servants , await your inspection . Hawat has cleared them . Excuse me , my lady . The Harkonnens may have tampered with them medically . [ clicking ] When you said Harkonnens , I didn 't know you had so much reason to hate them . Well , my wife ... But , of course , you didn 't know my wife . The Har- - Forgive me . ( Jessica ) They must have killed her , Please excuse me if I can 't talk about it . ( Jessica ) He 's holding something back , Yet there 's the Imperial conditioning , Assurance of trust , ( Shadout Mapes ) The Bene Gesserit mother , the legend , Where is your son ? I m ust warn you , You are in great danger , ( Dr , Yueh ) My message , it 's here , There are more enemy bod ies com i ng i n for you r i nspection , Doctor Y ueh . Are you al I rig ht ? Y es , I ' m fine . Thank you , Thufir . ( male narrator ) One carryall handles four spice mining teams , However , it will fly only two harvesters at a time , Today , we have 930 harvesters and 98 1 carryalls , [ beepi ng ] ( woman ) Safe , ( Paul ) Spice , [ explosion ] ( Paul ) The second moon , ( Duke Leto ) The sleeper m ust awaken , ( Paul ) Am I the one ? [ buzzi ng ] A hunter-seeker ! It can ' t get me if I don ' t move , It 's too dark in here for it to see clearly , [ buzzi ng ] I 've got to try to grab it , The suspensor field will make it slippery on the bottom , I m ust grip it tightly , Who is operating that thing ? It has to be someone in the palace , I could shout for help , but it would kill whoever opened the door , [ buzzi ng ] Hold still , [ explodes ] [ panti ng ] It would have killed me . I was its target . It went to the motion . Who are you ? I am the Shadout Mapes , the housekeeper . I must cleanse the way between us . You saved my life , and we Fremen pay our debts . ( Paul ) A Fremen , It is known to us that you 've a traitor in your midst . Who it is , we cannot say . But we are certain of it . A traitor . [ alarm ringing ] [ men chattering ] Set up a sonar probe immediately . Thufir , did you find anything ? ( Thufir ) Nothing yet , Keep looking . ( Duke Leto ) And the traitor ? God help us , My lord ... Again , my lord , I wish to tender my resignation- - Silence , Thufir . Stop acting the fool . I told you yesterday . If you made a mistake , it wasn 't overestimating the Harkonnens . Their simple minds came up with a simple trick . Paul survived this largely because of your training . You didn 't fare bad . Sit down , Thufir . My lord . Thufir , where is this traitor ? I know you 've cleared everyone , especially those close to us . But recheck and find him . ( Duke Leto ) They have tried to take the life of my son , Sector 6 through 80 progress reports , Sire . T ake it , Thufir . Sector 680 , copy the 6th , the summit , the 8th , quadrant over the 9th plus 84 circles , weave the 80 and call the 4th . Copy . [ whirring ] 8 . Thufir T awat , Mentat , Master of assassins . The palace is now secure . The city of Arrakeen is under martial law . We have troops here headquartered underground on sub-floors 6 through 1 0 . The rest of the troops are stationed in Arrakeen and we have some on the airfield . Our new army is still in training , but everything , everything is shielded . And with this shielding we are impenetrable . Kynes ... Kynes ... Dr. Kynes is waiting . He is the Emperor 's Judge of the Change monitoring the evacuation of the Harkonnens and our taking control . He plans on taking you on an inspection of the spice mining operation . Now , he may or may not be sympathetic to our cause . But , Sire , with the attempt on the young master , I am against your leaving the palace . The attempt failed . Harkonnen captives have already been taken . We must crush the Harkonnen machine on Arrakis . You all know what to do ! Gurney , we desperately need more spice miners . Many are threatening to leave on the next shuttle . We need spice drivers , weather scanners , dunemen . Any with open sand experience . You must persuade them to enlist with us . " They shall come all for violence . " Their faces shall sup up as the east wind . And they will gather the captivity of the sand . " Very moving , Gurney . On your way . And take care of Doctor Kynes until Paul and I arrive . We will not be prisoners here in this place . Behold , as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work . [ chuckling ] Y es ? I am the Shadout Mapes . Your housekeeper , noble-born . What are your orders ? You may refer to me as " my lady . " I 'm not noble-born . I 'm the bound concubine of Duke Leto , mother of the heir designate . " Shadout . " That 's an ancient word . You know the ancient tongues ? I know many things . I know you came prepared for violence with a weapon in your bodice . My lady , the weapon was sent as a gift , if you should prove to be the one . And the means of my death should I prove otherwise . [ yelling ] My lady , when one has lived with prophecy for so long , the moment of revelation is a shock . ( man on PA system ) Duke Leto is now here , Spice mining inspection to start immediately , So you are Doctor Kynes . The Judge of the Change . And the lmperial Ecologist , Sire . Our intelligence informs us that there 's still a strong Harkonnen presence . The process of removal continues . This is my son , Paul . Are you a Fremen ? I 've been on Arrakis in the service of the Emperor long enough for my eyes to change . ( Paul ) In the service of the Emperor , We are in your hands , Doctor . Your gift of the stillsuits is much appreciated . Would you give us an explanation of their workings ? Well , this is a stillsuit of Fremen manufacture , the most efficient type on Arrakis . Basically- - ( Duke Leto ) It 's all right , Gurney . Y es , Sire . Basically , it 's a high-efficiency filter and heat exchange system . Perspiration passes through the first layer and is gathered in the second . The salt is separated . Breathing and walking provide the pumping action . The reclaimed water circulates to catch pockets from which you can drink through this tube around your neck . Urine and feces are processed in the thigh pads . Should you be in the open desert , remember to breathe in through your mouth and out through this nose tube . With a Fremen suit in good working condition , life can be sustained for weeks , even in the deep desert , Sire . My thanks . With your permission . You 've worn a stillsuit before . No . Your suit is fitted desert fashion . Who told you how to do that ? No one . It seemed the proper way . That it is . ( Dr , Kynes ) He shall know your ways as if born to them , We ' re wasting time , Sire . ( air controller on radio ) Air speed , zero-five , Ambient temperature , 300 degrees Kelvin , Air speed , three-zero , Ether bender , 75 percent efficiency , That ' s where I told you r sand master to concentrate the harvesti ng today . Southeast , over the S h ield Wall . ( air controller on radio ) Ambient temperature , 350 degrees Kelvin , Air speed , one-three-zero , Caution , You 've now cleared protective Shield Wall and entered open desert , Wi I I we see a worm ? Where there is spice and spice m i n i ng , there are always worms . Always ? Always . Why do they come ? T o protect their territory . Vibrations attract them . ( Paul ) He must be a Fremen or in with them , He 's studying us , He 's hiding something about the spice , Is there a relationsh i p between the worms and the spice ? As I said , they defend the spice sands . As to their relationship with the spice , who knows ? Dust cloud ahead , Sire . That 's it . Spice mining . No other cloud quite like it . See the spotters over it ? They 're watching for wormsign , the telltale sand waves . Seismic probes on the surface , too , Sire . Worms can travel too deep for their waves to show . Looks like a good patch of spice . Wormsign ? Is it wormsign ? Y es . Worm . Big one . You 've got sharp eyes . May I ? Calling Harvester Pad Nine . Wormsign . ( man on radio ) Who calls Pad Nine ? Don 't mention the Duke . This is an un-coded channel . Unlisted flight northeast of you . Wormsign on intercept course . Estimated contact , 1 5 minutes . Have sighting confirmed , Stand by for a fix , Contact in 16 minutes minus , Very precise estimate , Who ' s on that unlisted flight ? What happens now ? The carryal I wi I I come and I ift off the spice harvester . T ry to get i n close over the harvester . You ' ll find this interesting , Sire . They work until the very last minute . Spotter control , there 's no sign of the carryall . It isn 't answering . The worm is eight minutes away , Sire . ( miner # 1 ) Spotter control , give me a report by the numbers , Report One , ( miner # 2 ) No contact , Report two , ( miner # 3 ) Negative , Report three , ( miner # 4 ) Negative , Sire , Report four , ( miner # 5 ) No contact , Repeat , no contact , I th i n k they 've got ou r carryal I . Dam n it ! Harkon nens . We ' re com i ng down to take you off the harvester . Al I spotters are ordered to comply . Ordered by whom ? Duke Leto Atreides . ( miner # 1 ) Yes , Yes , Sire , How many men do you have ? Full crew , 26 men , But , Sire , we can 't leave all this spice . Damn the spice ! Get out of there ! Two men in each of the spotters ! You , over here ! Run ! Run ! I can 't see him yet , but he is very close now . Damn sloppy . Really damn sloppy . Come on , boys . Come on . We 're going to be heavy , Sire . ( Paul ) Spice , Pure unrefined spice , Here he is ! We 've got to go ! Bless the Maker and his water . Bless the coming and going of Him . May His passing cleanse the world . What 's that you 're saying ? Nothing . [ rumbling ] Gods , what a monster . Someone is going to pay for this , I promise . ( Dr , Kynes ) He 's more concerned over his men than the spice , I must admit , against all better judgment , I like this Duke , [ wi nd howl i ng ] [ m usic playi ng ] Dr. Kynes , bei ng i n the em ploy of the Em peror , as you are , perhaps it isn 't wise for you to associate too closely with us Atreides . On the contrary , I feel very comfortable here . Remember how precious water is here . It was a token of respect . Are you enlisting with us ? You see through to the truth of the thing , Sire . That means a dual alliance . He 's in with the Emperor . A dual alliance , yes . But not with the Emperor . The Fremen . Then let water be a bond between us . ( male narrator ) Duke Leto 's signet ring has come to represent power and good fortune to Baron Vladimir Harkonnen and many others , The Baron has sworn to destroy the House of Atreides and steal the ducal ring for himself , Sorry you have to sleep so far u nderg rou nd , but we can 't take any chances . I see you ' re studying . Knowledge is strength . Y es , so said Thufir Hawat . One must have more than that to hold Arrakis against our many enemies . Much more . Much ... more . Paul , if anything should happen to me ... Father , nothing 's going to happen . Yes . [ knocking on door ] But if it should , l- - Yes ? ( man ) Unknown objects on screen . We are attempting to identify . I 'll be back , Son . Sleep well , my son . [ mumbling ] Father ... drugged . ( Duke Leto ) Jessica , what is wrong ? Forgive me , my beloved concubine , I should have married you , Why hold a dream to ascend to the throne through a political marriage ? I should have married you , [ woman gaspi ng ] [ g roan i ng ] [ choki ng ] What happened ? [ g ru nting ] [ panting ] Y ueh ! ( Duke Leto ) He sabotaged the house generators , We are wide open ! ( man on PA system ) House shield deactivating , I 've destroyed the new army 's wei rd i ng mod u les . I 've broug ht House Atreides down . Why ? I wish to kill a man . Not you , my dear duke . You were already dead . But you 'll get close to the Baron before you die . You 'll be tied and drugged , but you can still attack . You can still attack ! When you see the Baron , you 'll have a new poison gas tooth . He 'll want you close , so he can gloat over you . One bite on this tooth and a strong exhale ... Refuse . No ! You mustn 't ! Because , in return , I 'll save the lives of your Paul and Jessica . For Paul . [ groans ] [ groaning ] When you see the Baron , remember the tooth . The tooth ! The tooth ! ( man on PA system ) Attention ! Attention ! We are approaching target area , We are approaching target area , The bomb scopes are set , The sh ield is down ! The sh ield is down ! Open the doors ! Signals ! Get that shield up ! The shield ! ( man # 1 ) Man the planes , ( man # 2 ) Man the planes , ( man over PA system ) Release the bombs , Release the bombs , [ explosions ] [ man chattering over PA system ] Long I ive Du ke Leto ! [ al I shouti ng ] [ men chanti ng ] [ explosions ] [ whirring ] The drug was timed . Dr. Yueh has been very valuable to us . What a pity you must remain gagged . We can 't let ourselves be swayed by your witch 's voice , now , can we ? ( Jessica ) Leto , where are you ? Bring him here ! You 've done a very good job . He hardly feels a thing . [ muffled cries ] [ gasping ] [ panting ] Open your mouth . Open it ! Open it ! [ groaning ] [ sobbing ] You 've done a good job , traitor . [ crying ] ( Baron ) They are alike , this mother and son . ( Jessica ) Paul , Dangerous . The training they have had beyond most people 's imaginations . Get up , I leave them in your hands , Piter . Goodbye , Jessica . And goodbye to your sweet son . We were ordered to kill them . So kill them ! What are your orders , Piter ? Take them to the desert , as the traitor suggested . The worms will destroy the evidence . Their bodies must never be found . I knew Yueh 's wife . I was the one who broke his lmperial conditioning . I 've thought of many pleasures with you . It is perhaps better that you die in the innards of a worm . Desire clouds my reason . That is not good . That is bad . [ man yelling ] They 're down on this floor somewhere . Down there . Duncan ! [ yelling ] Back ! Keep him back from me ! You wish now to join your wife ? Is that it , traitor ? She lives ? You wish to join her ? Join her , then . [ choking ] You think you 've defeated me ? You think I don 't know what I 've gained for my wife ? [ gasping ] Take him away . Guards ! Where are they ? They 're over the great desert . Continue reconnaissance . ( Jessica ) Yueh ' s sign , He 's left us stillsuits , [ laughing ] [ rasping ] Don 't touch my mother ! He 's trying the Voice , The Reverend Mother said it could save him , Did you hear a noise from the little one , huh ? I didn 't hear anything . [ gasping ] The little one . [ both laughing ] I 'd like to have some fun before we kill her . [ rasping ] Remove her gag . ( Jessica ) Excellent ! [ echoing ] Remove her gag , [ gasping ] [ rasping ] There 's no need to fight over me . [ echoing ] , to fight over me , [ yelling ] ( Paul ) A poisoned blade , [ rasping ] First cut my son 's bonds . [ echoing ] , my son ' s bonds , [ rasping ] That 's it . [ echoing ] That 's it , [ all grunting ] [ panting ] Oh , my God ! ( Paul ) It 's under control , [ laughing maniacally ] ( Baron ) Duke Leto Atreides . Someone 's torn the insignia off your uniform . That 's careless . It was fate . You don 't say ? [ laughing ] Duke Leto Atreides . Where is the ducal signet ring ? I must have his ring . The ring ! He was brought to us as is , my lord Baron . You killed the doctor too soon , you fool ! ( Duke Leto ) The doctor , Yueh , what did he say ? Paul and Jessica safe , Y es . The tooth ! He 's coming around , Baron . Where 's your ring ? Huh ? You do not answer ? Wait ! Wait ! You must come closer , The water of my life for Paul . He 's crying . He 's crying ! What does that mean , Piter ? [ panting ] ( Duke Leto ) Come closer , Baron , [ crunching ] [ yelling ] Jessica ! Paul ! Leto ! Leto , he 's dead ! Oh , he 's dead ! I know . [ sobbing ] Am I alive ? I ' m alive ? Y es , you ' re alive , my Baron . I ' m alive , eh ? I 'm alive ! I 'm alive ! I 'm alive ! [ laughing ] ( Paul ) I can 't maintain any altitude . I 'll never reach the safety of rock ! Maybe that small rock . Where are we , do you think ? The south polar regions . The forbidden area . Hold on . [ screeching ] [ yells ] Hurry ! T ake the stillsuits ! ( Paul ) Hurry ! This crash might bring a worm . The signet . A million deaths are not enough for Yueh ! [ panting ] ( Paul ) Where are my feelings ? I feel for no one , The second moon , ( Guild navigator ) I mean Paul Atreides , We want him killed , ( Paul ) Why ? Why do they want me killed ? It has to be something to do with the spice , But what ? ( Baron ) He who controls the spice , controls the Universe ! ( Paul ) This moon holds my future , Never one drop of rain on Arrakis , ( Duke Leto ) The sleeper m ust awaken , ( Paul ) They will call me Muad 'Dib , Listen to me . Listen ! You wanted to know about my d reams . Wel l , I 've j ust had a waki ng d ream . Do you know why ? The spice ! It 's in everything here . Calm yourself . Like the T ruthsayer drug . It 's a poison . You knew the spice would change me . But thanks to your teachings , it 's changing my consciousness . I see it ! I can see it ! ( Jessica ) Is he the one ? You carry my unborn sister in your womb . He knows , [ gasping ] Father ! ( Paul ) Father , I promise , one day the sleeper will awaken , And I will avenge your death , I will not stop until I destroy the Emperor and the Baron , Father . [ g roans ] Go now . T ake h i m to h is desert to d ie . Go . [ laug h i ng maniacally ] ( Paul ) Yueh ' s left the plan for the weirding modules , We have to get to that mountain of rock . We have entered the time when all will turn against us and seek our lives . [ buzzing ] It 's further than I thought . A worm is sure to come . I 'm ready . [ rumbling ] Faster ! It 's deafening ! [ roaring ] [ roaring ] [ worm growling ] The spice ! [ worm roaring ] Do you smell it ? Y es ! Paul ! [ grunts ] ( Jessica ) Paul ! A thumper . The worm ! Spice ! Is there a relationship ? What 's happened ? Why did it leave ? [ sobbing ] Someone started a thumper . [ panting ] We 're not alone . Man-carved steps . Y es . ( Jessica ) Such stealth , I didn ' t hear them , ( Stilgar ) Perhaps these are the ones the Shadout Mapes told us of . I will take the boy-man . He shall have sanctuary in my tribe . [ groans ] Stop ! Get back ! She has the weirding way . Great gods ! If you can do this to the strongest of us , you 're worth 1 0 times your weight of water . As the leader of my people , I give you my bond . T each us this weirding way , and you both shall have sanctuary . Your water shall mingle with our water . [ panting ] Then I will teach you our way of battle . I give you the word bond of a Bene Gesserit . It is the legend . I am Chani , daughter of Liet . I would not have permitted you to harm my tribe . From my dreams , So beautiful , Come with me . I 'll show you an easier way down . He surprised me . It was an accident . Stilgar , I invoke the Amtal Rule . Jamis , you force this fight . These people have my countenance . If you should win , I will cut you down . ( Paul ) Jamis , I don 't want to fight you . Maybe if I explain- - ( Jamis ) Explain ? Explain death . I am going to sheath my knife in your blood . No shields . I 'm used to shield fighting . Take my crysknife . Jamis turns to the right with his knife after a parry . And watch for a knife switch . [ grunting ] May thy knife chip and shatter . [ both grunting ] [ yelling ] [ Jamis groans ] You have strength . You shall be known as Usul , which is the strength of the base of the pillar . This is your secret name in our troop . But you must choose the name of manhood , which we will call you openly . What do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon ? We call that one Muad 'Dib . Could I be known as Paul Muad 'Dib ? You are Paul Muad 'Dib . And your mother shall be a Sayyadina among us . We welcome you . The dream unfolds , And now the prophecy . One will come . The voice from the outer world . Bringing the Holy War , the Jihad . Which will cleanse the Universe and bring us out of darkness . ( man ) The wife and sons of Jamis . This water belongs to Usul . May he guard it for the tribe . May he be generous with it in times of need . [ all chattering ] Jamis carried 33 liters and seven and three thirty second drachms . Do you accept them ? Y es . Water masters . Moisture ! Wind traps . Huge ones . Water . Millions of decaliters . A treasure . Greater than treasure , Usul . We have thousands of such caches , and only a few of us know them all . And when we have enough , we shall change the face of Arrakis . T ell me of your home world , Usul . ( Paul ) Tell me of your home world , Usul , What is it ? Liet , Chani 's father , the leader of our people , is dead . Killed by the Harkonnen . ( Paul ) For the father , nothing , Both of us have lost our fathers . [ buzzing ] [ Baron laughing maniacally ] Rabban ! Rabban ! Rabban ! We ' re knee-deep in Atreides blood ! We 've gutted them ! We 've gutted them ! Rabban ! Rabban ! I place you in charge of Arrakis . It 's yours to squeeze , as I promised . I want you to squeeze and squeeze and squeeze ! Give me spice ! Drive them ! Drive them into utter submission ! Do not show the slightest pity or mercy ! Never stop ! Go ! Go ! Show no mercy ! Y es , Baron ! [ both guffawing ] ( Baron ) Feyd . [ Baron panting ] And when we 've crushed these people enough , I 'll send you . Feyd . Lovely Feyd . Where 's my doctor ? ( Stilgar ) Jessica , our Reverend Mother is too old , She has been calling through space and time for you to come and let her rest , She asks that you pass within and become our Reverend Mother , ( mon k ) If you be a Reverend Mother , let S hai-H u I ud j udge now ! ( Jessica ) The Water of Life , But what of my unborn child ? ( Paul ) One day , I will have to do this , [ scream i ng ] ( male narrator ) Following the Bene Gesserit tradition , the old Reverend Mother surrendered her life as she surrendered her knowledge , Jessica had successfully transm uted the poisonous Water of Life , ( Paul ) Every man who has tried has died , Am I the one ? ( Duke Leto ) The sleeper m ust awaken , [ Jessica scream i ng ] ( male narrator ) The tremendous power of the Water of Life caused the premature birth of Jessica 's daughter , Alia , Alia was born with all the knowledge and powers of a Reverend Mother , ( Baron ) Feyd , even thoug h he 's ag i ng , Th ufi r is one of the fi nest Mentats i n the Universe . And he 's mine , Feyd , all mine . Quiet now . I will . Come . Oh , Thufir , I see they 've installed your heart plug already . Don 't be angry . Everyone gets one here . But this is not why we 're here . We 've brought you a little cat , Thufir . You must care for it if you wish to live . A poison has been introduced into your body , Thufir Hawat . By milking this--this smooth , little cat body , you receive your antidote . It must be done each day . All I can see is an Atreides that I want to kill . [ purring ] Feyd , no . No ! Thufir 's a Harkonnen now . Aren 't you , Thufir ? ( Thufir ) My Duke , how I 've failed you , ( Paul ) Chani , I love you , I 've always loved you , ( Paul ) The Holy Warriors , No one ever dreamed there were so many , I am Usu I . Pau I M uad ' Di b . Ou r shared enemy , the Harkon nens , are once agai n i n control of Arrakis . Stilgar , your leader , has asked me and my mother to teach you the weirding way to crush the Harkonnens . We must do more than this . We must totally destroy all spice production on Arrakis . The Guild and the entire Universe depends on spice . He who can destroy a thing , controls a thing . I will take 1 00 of your warriors and train them . This 1 00 will train the thousands that remain . When the spice flow stops , all eyes will turn to Arrakis . The Baron and the Emperor himself will be forced to deal with us . Arrakis will become the center of the Universe . Orato ! This obelisk is of your hardest stone . Kick it . Hit it . Yell at it . [ all laughing ] Break ! [ all laughing ] Korba , cut it . Move back . [ chanting ] [ yelling ] [ all exclaiming ] This is part of the weirding way that we will teach you . Some thoughts have a certain sound that being the equivalent to a form . Through sound and motion , you will be able to paralyze nerves , shatter bones , set fires , suffocate an enemy , or burst his organs . We will kill until no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air . ( all ) Muad 'Dib ! [ chanting ] Stilgar . ( Fremen warrior ) Muad 'Dib . Hmm ? ( voice on weirding module ) Muad 'Dib , Muad 'Dib , Muad 'Dib , Muad 'Dib , My name is a killing word , They are ready to fight , Yet in order to lead them , I m ust conquer the worm , conquer Shai-Hulud , Usu I , it is ti me you become a sand rider and travel as a Fremen . T ake the kiswa maker hook of our sietch and ride as a leader of men . Two thumpers are planted . The worm may not surface for the first . He will rise for the second . And remember , when the worm approaches , you must be utterly still and close enough to plant the hook firmly under a ring segment . The worm will turn to lift this exposed area as far from the abrasive sand as possible , and it will take you with it to the top . Do not get too close . As he approaches , the sand will engulf you . Wait till the head of the worm passes , then go quickly . [ droning ] Shai-Hulud . I must not fear , Fear is the mind killer , Only the very strong ones travel this deep , Usul has called a big one ! Again , it is the legend . ( Fremen warriors ) Muad ' Dib ! Now we are ready for battle , ( Stilgar ) Usul , these are 1 5 of our finest warriors to serve you as your guard . The Fedaykin . Now . [ yelling ] [ screaming ] [ chanting ] [ yelling ] [ chanting ] [ man groans ] [ explosion ] Muad 'Dib . [ all chanting ] [ yelling ] When the spice flow stops , all eyes will turn to Arrakis , The Baron and the Emperor himself will be forced to deal with us , M uad ' Di b . M uad ' Di b . M uad ' Di b . M uad ' Di b . What happened ? What happened to you and your men ? Muad ' Dib ! Muad ' Dib ! What are you saying ? Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! [ yelling ] He 's been repeating that name ever since we found him , Who is this Muad 'Dib ? ( male narrator ) In the two standard years that followed , Muad 'Dib and the Fremen brought spice production to a standstill , Fearing for his life , Rabban did his best to hide this fact from his uncle , the Baron , Paul 's sister Alia matured at a frightening rate , Her small body harbored tremendous powers , Paul and Chani 's love grew , We su rprised a band of sm ugg lers . T oo bad . I thoug ht they were Harkonnen . [ yelling ] [ groans ] Gurney ! You 've no need of your weapons with me , Gurney Halleck . Paul ! Paul . Don 't you trust your own eyes ? They said you were dead . They ... They said ... Gurney . You young pup . Gurney ! You young pup ! Do you know of the Water of Life ? Come watch the mystery of mysteries . The end and the beginning . [ water gurgling ] The Water of Life . The Water of Life . ( guildsman over translating device ) Emperor Shaddam IV , you have one last chance to take matters into your own hands and bring the situation under control on Arrakis , What do you mean , one last- - Silence , Do not speak , Listen , You do not have more than this one chance , I represent the entire Guild in this matter , Our navigators warn you that spice production is in great danger , A new Fremen leader , Muad 'Dib , has stopped spice mining on Arrakis , O ur navigators suggest he is not of Arrakis , No one on the outside world has been able to see him , We do not know who he is , The Harkonnens cannot stop him , Remedy this situation , restore spice production , or you 'll live out your life in a pain amplifier , The Em peror wi I I stop h i m . He won 't take the Water of Life . ( Paul ) That 's why they want me killed , They 're afraid I 'll take the Water of Life , I want 50 leg ions of Sardau kar on Arrakis at once ! 50 leg ions ? That 's ou r enti re reserves as wel l . Th is is genocide , the deliberate and systematic destruction of all life on Arrakis ! ( Paul ) The Emperor is coming ! Chani ! [ gasping ] You were calling my name . It frightened me . Oh , Chani . All the images of my future are gone . I have to drink the Water of Life . No , Paul , please . I 've seen the men who have tried . I 've seen how they died . I 'm dead to everyone unless I try to become what I may be . [ panting ] Only the Water of Life will free what can save us . Paul . I must drink the sacred water . ( Paul ) We must go now , Hurry . All I see is darkness . Paul . I will love you forever . You are my life . You are my life . ( Reverend Mother ) Many men have tried , ( Paul ) They tried and failed ? They tried and died , The worm is the spice , The spice is the worm , [ scream i ng ] ( Paul ) The worms , ( Chani ) They 're not attacking , Why ? ( Reverend Mother ) There is a place , terrifying to us , to women , ( Paul ) This is the place they cannot look , Traveling without moving , Now I truly control the worm and the spice , And I have the power to destroy the spice forever ! Pau l . Pau l . Pau l . Father ! Father . The sleeper has awakened ! [ Fremen chanting ] Muad ' Dib . Muad ' Dib . Muad ' Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Arrakis , Dune , Desert Planet . Your time has come . A storm is coming . Our storm . And when it arrives , it will shake the Universe . Emperor , we come for you ! ( male narrator ) The Emperor Shaddam IV with his entourage and Sardaukar troops set out immediately for Arrakis , Sitting on his golden throne in his luxurious and fortified spaceship , the Emperor ponders on his latest intelligence reports , ( pilot ) We will set down on the pyramid 's landing facility , Long I ive the fig hters ! ( al l ) Long I ive the fig hters ! ( male narrator ) Meanwhile , the Baron Harkonnen having been alerted to trouble on Arrakis is on route to check on his nephew Rabban , ( man on radio ) Suspicion confirmed , The Emperor 's had Rabban seized , Stand by the mai n control room . G u rney , when the storm h its , set off the atom ics . I want an opening through the entire shield wall . Stilgar , do we have wormsign ? Usul , we have wormsign , the likes of which even God has never seen . [ growling ] [ growling ] Bring in that floating fat man , the Baron . [ panting ] Why have you brought me here ? Your Highness , there must be some mistake . I never requested your presence . Ah . But your lack of action demanded it . Your dreadful mismanagement , your bad judgment in assigning to Rabban the governorship . You 've forced me to come here and set things straight , personally . And why did you not tell me of the fighting ability of these people ? We 've just flushed out a nest of them in the open desert and the women and children overpowered some of our Sardaukar . We managed only one hostage . Bring in the hostage ! Only one . ( Alia ) I am a messenger from Muad 'Dib . Poor Emperor . I 'm afraid my brother won 't be very pleased with you . Silence ! Kill this child . She 's an abomination . Kill her . [ groans ] Get out of my mind ! [ rasping ] Not until you tell them both who I really am . [ echoing ] , who I really am , Alia , daughter of Duke Leto the Just and the royal Lady Jessica . Sister of Paul Muad 'Dib . Paul 's sister ? Paul is Muad 'Dib ? [ gasps ] [ Baron screaming ] [ wind howling ] Alia keeps pace with the storm . ( Paul ) With the storm , their air power will be useless , On Arrakis , it 's desert power , G u rney . Now ! Atom ics ! [ explosion ] Ou r army awaits us . My brother is com i ng with many Fremen warriors . Impossible ! ( Alia ) Not impossible . I told you . He is here now . [ roaring ] Father , today I will avenge your death , ( Sardaukar guard on radio ) Emperor , an impassable storm has descended , The Shield Wall has been penetrated by atomics , Release the Sardau kar . Baron , g ive th is I ittle abom i nation to the storm . ( Alia ) Wait for my brother , Baron , [ g rowl i ng ] [ wind howling ] [ all chanting ] Cha ! [ yelling ] [ growling ] [ chanting ] [ yelling ] [ all chanting ] Cha ! Wait for my brother , [ yells ] [ chanting ] Muad 'Dib ! [ chanting ] [ roaring ] [ yelling ] [ yelling ] [ all chanting ] ( Paul ) Alia , now , ( Alia ) Come to me , Baron , [ screaming ] [ continues screaming ] ( all ) Muad ' Dib ! [ screaming ] [ continues screaming ] ( all ) Muad ' Dib ! ( Paul ) Feyd Rautha , Emperor Shaddam iv , there are Guild Heighliners above us containing many Great Houses of the Landsraad . Send them back . How dare you speak to me in- - Stop your speaking , You have some idea of what I could do . Don 't try your powers on me . T ry looking into that place where you dare not look . You 'll find me there staring back at you . You mustn 't speak- - Silence ! [ screaming ] I remember your gom jabbar . Now you 'll remember mine . I can kill with a word . [ groans ] And his word shall carry death eternal to those who stand against the righteous . The righteous ? There is a Harkonnen among you . Give the Harkonnen a blade , and let him stand forth . If Feyd wishes , he can meet you with my blade in his hand . I wish it . This is a Harkonnen animal . Let me . Please , my lord . The Emperor 's blade . [ drums beating rhythmically ] Why prolong the inevitable ? [ voice whispering ] I will kill you . [ laughing maniacally ] [ grunts ] [ Feyd groans ] I will kill him ! Paul . I will kill him ! [ Feyd laughing ] Who is the little one ? A pet , perhaps ? Will she deserve my special attentions ? [ Feyd panting ] You see your death . My blade will finish you . ( Paul ) I will bend like a reed in the wind , [ Feyd yelling ] [ Feyd sighing ] Chaaksa ! [ rumbling ] Muad 'Dib . Usul no longer needs the weirding module . ( male narrator ) Muad 'Dib had become the hand of God fulfilling the Fremen prophecy , Where there was war , Muad 'Dib would now bring peace , Where there was hatred , Muad 'Dib would bring love to lead the people to true freedom and to change the face of Arrakis , We Fremen have a sayi ng . God created Arrakis to trai n the faithfu I . One can not go agai nst the word of God . [ th u nder cracking ] [ thunder rumbling ] And how can this be ? For he is the Kwisatz Haderach . [ thunder rumbling ]
