 I 've been sent by Commander Adama to help you with the children . A television camera . Primitive but fascinating . What 's going on here ? An $ 80,000 color camera , they took it apart . You know , kids playing anything is a pure joy to watch . Kid 's got an arm like Nolan Ryan . Okay , I gotta talk to you . Now that I have your attention ... Well , hello , Miss Hamilton . ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) It 's caught : ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica . Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : ADAMA : The Galactica continues to lead the Cylons away from the planet Earth : But so far , our brother Council member , Xavier , who has turned outlaw , continues to elude us : Two of our most able warriors , Troy and Dillon , remain down on the planet Earth , seeking a place where we can send our young to prevent their destruction , in what we know will be an imminent and final Cylon battle : With each day , it becomes increasingly difficult for our children to live as Earth 's children : Being accustomed to a much denser gravity causes them to display super skills that are jeopardizing their ability to blend in down on Earth without detection : Still , they must try : Surely they face imminent destruction out in space : These are the coordinates . DILLON : There she is . Wonder what this sudden , urgent mission is all about . ( BEEPS ) Captain Troy . Lieutenant Dillon . Lieutenant Nash . I thought your squadron was on battle alert . Why were you sent ? I was told to bring this ship to you so that you could carry out your mission . Oh , yes , our instructions were most vague . We 've been using the scrambler . I can 't understand why we weren 't given more information . Nobody could have intercepted or decipher the Galactica 's transmissions . One person could . Xavier . Dr. Zee has confirmed his reentry into our present time frame . Troy , I 've been waiting for a chance to get my hands on him . Well , now your chance has come . Your orders are sealed into the computron . Dr. Zee has programmed the coordinates of Xavier 's locations into the auto flight . What about you ? You 'll be stranded here without the ship . I 'm supposed to watch the children until you return . Very good . It will make it much easier on them having somebody with their background they can relate to . Where can I find them ? They 're with Jamie Hamilton . She 's ... Ah , yes , Jamie Hamilton . She 's the Earth woman who has been so helpful to us in the past . Where can I locate her ? She can be reached through the United Broadcasting Company . Then don 't worry . I will give the children extra special care . We 'll return as soon as possible . I wouldn 't count on it , Captain . They don 't really believe I can run a special detachment on this budget , do they ? Then why don 't you just bust me ? I 'm already grounded . You got me flying a desk for Public Relations . ( SIGHS ) The consensus is that I 'm spending too much of the taxpayer 's money tracking down UFOs . But that 's your job , sir . No , no . They feel it is explaining things away as easily as possible . Will there be anything else , sir ? No . Jamie Hamilton , UBC . She 's the key to finding these two , whatever they are . Lieutenant , I 'm going to be out for a while . I would rather not let anyone know . As in , top secret ? You might say that . Yes . Now , be careful of the wires , okay ? Now , I want you to promise me you 'll all be on your best behavior . Those tour booklets will tell you all about how television works here on Earth . That way you 'll appreciate what you 're going to see later on , on the tour . How long will you be gone ? Not long . But I do have a job . And if I don 't show up , I 'll get fired . Don 't worry , Miss Hamilton . We 'll be fine . I 'll explain the basic rudiments of Earth 's transmission while you 're gone . Well , that will be just ... Wait a minute , how can you explain it ? This booklet you gave me . Well , I just read it . You read the booklet in three minutes ? Never mind . Just learn what you can and keep them busy till I get back . Let me begin this seminar by explaining the working principles of what they call a television camera . Primitive but fascinating . I think I can best explain its function to you by taking it apart . Harris , take a camera team and cover the recall election down in the county . Then after you button that up , move on down and pick up whatever pieces you can get on the illegal alien situation down in the garment district . What did he say about the aliens ? The illegal worker type . People who cross our borders , try to work without official immigration papers . Not the kind of aliens who land in flying saucers . ( ALL CHUCKLING ) I got a report on a human interest angle that might make a nice story . You remember Billy Eheres , the former National League bonus baby ? Apparently , his Casey 's Camp for underprivileged children is in some kind of financial trouble . Chuck , why don 't you go down and cover it ? Try to get a couple of shots of what he 's trying to do after you cover the Mayor 's office . Are you talking about a kids ' camp ? Yes . I 'm sorry , Jamie , there 's nothing Earth-shattering about this assignment . A good reporter has to take the good with the bad . I 'd be more than happy to cover the children 's camp story . Okay , Jamie , you 've got it . All right , that does it , everybody . Everybody , get to work and bring me back some good stories . Jamie , you stay . WELLINGTON : Note the extended use of solid-state electronic modules and completely self-contained synchronizing generator . Hey , what 's going on here ? What in the world is going on here ? Just covering the basics of video transmission . You 're welcome to listen . Jamie , I think it 's time we had a little talk . Talk ? About what , Mr. Brooks ? About your running off on your own . About your covering stories to which you haven 't been assigned . Things like terrorists and flying saucers . And in each and every case , you disappear for a couple of days at a time . A story doesn 't always tell itself from nine to five . Jamie , come on . I haven 't got time to exchange our philosophies of journalism . Look , do me a favor . Go up to that camp and get that story . At least I know you can 't get into trouble on this one . You called , chief ? Hi , Hal . Oh , hello , Hal . Hi . Jamie , I want Hal to work with you on this one . You 're going up to see Billy Eheres . Jamie , I don 't know if you know this . Billy Eheres had the potential to be one of the greatest baseball players ever . I think a lot of people would be interested in hearing about him again . Right . After I make one stop ... BROOKS : Uh-uh-uh . N-O . You 're to go right to the camp . You do not stop . You are not to pass Go . You are not to collect $ 200 . And please , try to stay out of trouble . I don 't know what you 're talking about , Mr. Brooks . Miss Hamilton , I am afraid that you are in a lot of trouble ! WELLINGTON : As you can see , it reproduces Starla 's image by painting a picture of her consisting of lines . Five hundred and twenty-five lines , to be exact . One on top of the next , starting at the top of the picture and working down , so the lines have reproduced the light and dark areas of Starla 's face . There , there they are . And one of your reporters is responsible for them . Wellington , what are you doing with this equipment ? Explaining it . You said to do that . I did not say to ruin it . Ruin it ? Who ruined it ? You did . An $ 80,000 color camera , they took it apart . Every last screw . Jamie , what is the meaning of this ? Well ... Where are all the pieces ? Where did you hide the camera ? It 's right here . Nonsense . The pieces were all over the place . Yes , but ... But you seemed so upset , we decided to put it back together . STARLA : We all did . There was a number four . We forgot a piece . Here it is . JAMIE : Well , it looks like you 've found your camera . There 's no way on Earth that this can be the same camera . Could I see that ? That is camera four . Is there a chance that some of your men might have been doing maintenance on it ? I suppose so . The alternative is that these children took it apart and put it back together again all by themselves . Now , is that what you 're suggesting ? I think we owe Miss Hamilton and the children a big apology . No , that 's okay . Mistakes happen . Jamie , now I understand why you were so anxious to cover the camp story . But who are these kids ? I met them covering the pollution story at Paradise Valley . They 're orphans , and when you said camp for the underprivileged ... Okay , Jamie . Maybe this 'll give them a nice day 's outing . Who knows , you might even be able to tie the two stories together . I 'd like to really see Billy Eheres ' camp survive . And this angle , I like it . The orphans , the underprivileged kids . Hal , I want you to shoot me some great shots of those kids . I 'll put it on the 6 : 00 news on the human interest segment . You got it , Chief , I 'll make them a household item . I want big faces , big faces of the kids . Lots of close-ups , lots of action . Oh , Lord . Okay , Dillon , according to Lieutenant Nash we 're supposed to check our orders with the computron readouts : All readouts are affirmative : Computron places us on vector point 1060 : Prepare to transfer to automatic feed : Preparing for transfer : Here we go : I wonder what Xavier has in store for us this time : Let 's find out : TRO Y : Something 's wrong : We 're losing power : DILLON : Power decrease on all levels : I don 't have anything on malfunction status : Unless our warning indicators themselves must be malfunctioning : The computron should have taken over our flight pattern as programmed : Maybe Dr : Zee made a mistake : No , that 's impossible : Troy ? Prepare to switch back to manual control : Ready : Manual control , now : So much for that : If she won 't respond to automatic override , she should revert to manual : The function guard mechanism must not be working : I 'd better contact the Galactica and report our disposition : Maybe they can tell us what 's going on : TRO Y : This is Galactica probe one on special mission : ADAMA : Galactica here : Go ahead , Captain Troy : TRO Y : The computron programmed by Dr : Zee is malfunctioning : Malfunctioning computron ? To what are you referring ? Dillon and I made contact with Lieutenant Nash as ordered : We 've embarked in his Viper : That 's impossible . Lieutenant Nash is standing right here beside me . Troy , there 's only one other person who could have delivered a Viper to us : Xavier : ADAMA : Obviously you 're in some sort of trap : ( RADIO STATIC ) Commander , come in : ( RADIO STATIC ) Captain Troy ? Troy ? Dillon ? Dispatch a recon immediately . Yes , Commander . DILLON : Full rundown confirmed status , Troy : We 're in trouble : We have complete power shutdown : We 're not burning fuel : Oxygen is what we 're going to need : Estimates gives us approximately 24 hours at normal breathing capacity : ADAMA : The man is totally evil . And now he 's managed to change his appearance . We have been quite successful with our epidermal transformation . It is possible to look like anyone . I cannot understand what he hopes to accomplish . If what you surmise is true , Troy and Dillon are within Earth 's gravitational pull . Eventually they will orbit back into Galactica 's range . All he can gain is time . Perhaps that is what he seeks . He needs Troy and Dillon out of the way so that he may carry out his nefarious scheme . Troy and Dillon weren 't even pursuing him . The first mandate was to remain with the children and ... The children . Xavier would not do harm to his own people . He realizes he can no longer return to the Galactica , except as a prisoner . I believe he would do anything to ensure his own freedom . Including the use of our children as bargaining tools . We can 't even send other warriors . Only Troy and Dillon know where they left the children . We can do nothing . Nothing but wait . Be careful . Hi there . Well , what have we got here ? Oh , Mr. Eheres ? I 'm Jamie Hamilton , from UBC . I phoned this morning . Just Billy . Pleased to meet you . So , who 's the gang here ? Uh , friends . A group of orphaned kids . I thought it would be nice for them to see your camp and meet a few people their own age . Orphans , huh ? Well , just don 't stand here , kids , go soak up some of this atmosphere around here , huh ? Meet the other kids , huh ? ALL : May we , please ? Of course . They 're down there past those cabins . Hey , wait a minute . Jamie , I 'm not ready yet . Oh , we 'll have plenty of time for pictures , Hal . I think more people are beginning to recognize the importance of sports . I sure hope so . At least that 's why I opened this baseball camp . Baseball camp ? I thought it was a camp for underprivileged children . Underprivileged kids play ball , too , you know . As a matter of fact , we 've got a team going to the regionals . We 're counting on them to win , because if they don 't , we 're all going to lose . What do you mean ? Well , see , this camp is run on donations , and if we have a winning team we 're going to have a lot of people supporting us . But if we lose , well , interest is gonna drop off , and unfortunately , so will the money . HAL : Jamie . Listen , Jamie , Mr. Brooks wanted pics of the kids . Maybe they could play a few innings ? Any way we could get up a little game ? Hey , great . The team we 're supposed to scrimmage with today come down with a flu . Good idea . No . Jamie , they 're here to have a good time . They don 't know the game . Why , where these kids come from , they hardly know what daylight is . Wow , I 'd like to keep them around here for a few weeks . That 's a wonderful idea . Oh , wait a minute . Sorry , I got a team to take to the regionals , remember ? Maybe later , okay ? If there is going to be a team later . Jamie , about these kids ... Oh , later , Hal . Here we go . All right , Freddy-O ! Hey , ( WHISTLES ) can you toss us our ball ? Hey , you , scout , how about the ball ? Go get it , Starla . Is this what they want ? It 's called a baseball . General Abner Doubleday invented the game . Well , you 're going to throw it back or what ? Oh , no . No , Starla , don 't . Okay , where 's the ball ? I threw it . It landed over there beyond the trees . The trees ? They 're over 300 yards away . Wise guys , right ? Did I do something wrong ? Jamie , just a minute , please . That kid just threw that ball half a mile . No , no . It wasn 't that far , it was probably an optical illusion or something . Or something ? Kid 's got an arm like Nolan Ryan . What 's going on ? The child is a genetic mutation . A what ? It 's a once-in-a-lifetime thing . The kid can throw a ball through a tank at half a mile . Fabulous . Listen , I 'm ready to roll . You just have that kid do it again , okay ? No , no , not yet . I have this thing very carefully choreographed , and I 'll tell you when to shoot . Yeah , but Jamie ... Hal . This could mean an Emmy . Maybe even a Pulitzer Prize . Trust me . Right . You just give me the signal . Well , what do you guys think , huh ? You like this place around here ? Uh-huh . Good . How about throwing the ball around some ? JAMIE : No . ALL : Yes . Looks like you 've been out-voted . I 'll tell you what . I 'll meet you out on the field and I 'll show you how it 's done . Now , Jamie ? Oh , Hal , why don 't you get set up in a good position ? Right . Now , listen , I want you to promise me you won 't do anything to betray who you really are . Which means we have to perform as complete muscular disasters . Do we have to ? That 's right . Now , go out there and lose . STARLA : Isn 't going to be easy . None of this is easy . DILLON : Full rundown confirms status , Troy : We 're in trouble : We have complete power shutdown : We 're not burning fuel : But we are using up oxygen : My estimates gives us approximately eight hours at normal breathing capacity : We should be able to increase that by 30 % if we induce sleep mode : Sleep mode ? Shouldn 't we continue to try and communicate to Galactica ? We 'll take turns : One of us will sleep while the other tries to make contact : Hopefully , we 'll orbit back into the Galactica 's communication range : And since I can 't sleep anyway , why don 't I take the first watch ? See you in about eight hours : After all we 've been through , to end up like this : Wonder if anybody knows where we are : Colonel Sydell . What brings you here ? Well , I came here to see Jamie Hamilton . I 'm sorry , she 's away on a story . Can I be of some help ? Well , possibly . Does her story happen to involve either of the two men in this folder ? Oh , those terrorists . No , not this time . Just an ex-ballplayer who runs a camp for kids . A camp for kids ? Uh-huh . Any scouts ? As a matter of fact , yes . Well , those scouts are imposters . Imposters ? Where is this camp ? ( SIGHS ) Now , that 's odd . Why is that odd ? There was a man here earlier and he asked the very same question . ( GASPS ) No , no , don 't be alarmed , Miss Hamilton . Don 't worry . As soon as I get my heart out of my throat , I 'll be fine . Who are you ? I 'm Lieutenant Nash . I 've been sent by Commander Adama to help you with the children . Why didn 't you say so ? I thought you were Bigfoot or something . Bigfoot ? What is Bigfoot ? Never mind , it 's not important . You 're here , that 's important . It is ? Oh , I 've only got two hands and two legs and a dozen children . Galactican children . I 'm beat . Uh , tired . I understand . You do ? Oh , good . How 're you with children ? I love children . Very much . ( CHILDREN WHOOPING ) Hi , I just wanted to thank you for everything . And I 'd like you to meet , uh , an acquaintance of mine . This is ... Yeah , sure , sure . Yeah , sure . Not a friendly sort . Billy ? Let him go . But I just wanted to ... Well , I expect to reimburse him for the room and board . Forget it . It 's over . Save your money . Bankrupt is bankrupt . What ? I thought it was all set . I mean , aren 't you going to the playoffs ? Half the team came down with the flu . If we don 't field a team , we forfeit . Stratton , the guy who owns this land , he 'll sell so fast that we 'll wake up tomorrow on somebody else 's land . But what about Billy 's kids ? They just get thrown out on the streets ? ( TELEPHONE RINGS ) Yeah ? It 's for you . It 's a Mister Brooks . Thank you . Mr. Brooks , what a surprise . I didn 't expect to hear from you . Well , I didn 't expect to hear from the Air Force either . What did they say ? Not very much . But then , neither did you , Jamie . Did they say why they were looking for me ? Yes , the Boy Scouts . Whom I 'm now beginning to believe are not really scouts at all : Jamie , obviously something more happened up at Paradise Valley than you 've told me . Mr. Brooks , Paradise Valley was just the tip of the iceberg . The story I 'm working on is of major proportions . As you can surmise by the Air Force 's interest . Jamie , I can understand your keeping something of this magnitude under your hat , but not from your own people . Now , I 'm prepared to offer you all the assistance I can when Colonel Sydell gets there . Colonel Sydell is coming here ? Yes , I had to tell him where you were . Jamie , you left me in a very awkward position . I 'm sorry about that , Mr. Brooks . Thank you . ( JAMIE HANGS UP ) Jamie ? Colonel Sydell is on his way , so we gotta get out of here . Colonel Sydell ? Commander Adama must have said something about an Air Force investigation . Yes , of course . Billy , I have to talk to you . Hey , punk . Look , is it all right if I want to be by myself for a while ? You haven 't got the time . Tomorrow 's the game . There isn 't going to be a game tomorrow . Let my kids play . ( BILLY CHUCKLES ) Look , you 're a nice lady , but you 're crazy . Let them show you what they can do . You know what kind of training it takes to build even a second-strength team ? Never mind when it 's going to the playoffs tomorrow . What have you got to lose ? Okay , Starla , you wanted to throw the ball . But you said ... Never mind . Throw it . How did you do that ? I don 't know , but Starla can do it every time . You know , with you on the team we wouldn 't need anybody else . What are we doing standing here ? Come on , let 's get out of here . WOMAN : Transferring emergency signal to Commander Adama : Commander Adama here , transfer transmission to my quarters . Commander , how good to hear your voice once again . Who is this ? Surely you remember me ? Xavier . And what diabolical plot are you weaving now ? Actually , I wish to bargain . I will not bargain with you . You declared yourself outside of our laws . That 's not true . I simply disagree with the policies of that infantile wizard , Dr. Zee . I will not be led by an adolescent . ( SIGHS ) What is your bargain ? The lives of Troy and Dillon and the 12 children . And you say you are not mad ? Hear me out , Adama . Or I place the consequences on your head . I simply want my freedom to live in peace here on Earth . And where do you propose to live on Earth ? In the present ? The past ? In whose kingdom or country ? In what position of power ? That is my business . Provided I obey the intergalactic laws . I will have to consult with Dr. Zee and the Council . What you ask , I cannot agree to alone . I give you 10 Earth hours in which to agree . After that , Troy and Dillon will be beyond help . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Lieutenant Dillon to Galactica . Come in , Galactica . Please acknowledge , priority red : ( BREATHES HEAVILY ) Repeat : Lieutenant Dillon to Galactica . Priority red : No luck ? Troy , you still have another hour to sleep : I just got a look at the oxygen supply : Yeah , I know : I 'm afraid we 'll exhaust it long before we enter Galactica 's communication range : Why don 't you sleep ? I gonna try to take the computron apart : See if I can override what Xavier 's done : All right : It isn 't going to be easy going to sleep knowing I may never wake up : ( CHEERING ) COMMENTATOR : Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to the Southern Conference Regional Playoffs : This is the final game that pits the Southeastern champion , Cougars , against the finalist from the Southwestern conference , the Polecats : The Southwestern champions are in the locker room : We tried to interview them earlier , but apparently they are not very big talkers : In fact , they are not very big at all : But we 're delighted to have with us their very colorful and famous coach , Billy Eheres : And Billy , I know so many of your fans want to hear from you even though this isn 't a big league situation : Tell us about your ball club , if you will : They certainly aren 't as big as the rival Cougars : What 's your main strength ? The basic fundamentals , Bob : I like to stress the ABCs of baseball : Now , was it four strikes and three balls or ... No , it was three strikes , four balls and three outs . And nine players and seven innings . And nine in the big leagues . Mr. Eheres says we have to catch flies out in the field . What are they ? Disgusting . That 's what they are . There are too many reporters here . This was probably a terrible mistake . On the contrary , what better place to hide than in a crowd right in front of people ? Okay , kids . Have a seat , have a seat for a second . Okay , I gotta talk to you . Now that I have your attention ... Well , hello , Miss Hamilton . You look terrified , Miss Hamilton . What is it ? Nothing . You just frightened me . Look , I can 't talk now . Oh , yes , you can and yes , you will . Sergeant , keep your eye on these children . You 'll have to watch the boys from the bleachers , Colonel . They 've got a game to play here . A game ? Regional playoffs . What is the Air Force interest here ? You have a statement of some kind to make to the press ? I think I can wait until after I 've seen their performance on the field . That could prove to be even more interesting . Team , make me into a believer . I want you to go out there and win that game . Now , get out there on the double . Come on . The Encino Cougars are already on the ball field now : We 're waiting now for the Southwest champions , the Polecats : : : Hey , here they come right now : The Southwestern conference champs are coming out onto the playing field led by their coach , Billy Eheres : BILLY : Hup , hup , hup . COMMENTATOR : Teams are meeting at the plate now , and we 'll have the toss of the coin in just a few minutes : They 're not as big as we expected they 'd be , but from reports they 're a tough little team : Okay , kids , everyone but the captain , go hit the bench . BILLY : Hit the bench . Now , Lancer , get in there . Hey , what are you doing ? Hey , what are they doing ? Hitting the bench . Just what he said to do . It 's okay , you can sit down now . This is a brand new silver dollar . You 're the visitor , sport , so you can call it . Brand new silver dollar . Thank you very much . Is he kidding ? Give me back my money . Give that back . There seems to be some kind of a misunderstanding down on the field over the coin toss : Hey , look . Currency . What 's the problem , ump ? If that kid doesn 't give me back my silver dollar , you forfeit the game . Give it back to him . COMMENTATOR : The umpire 's discussion with the : : : Now , listen , gang , this isn 't gonna be easy . And you 're going to look a little foolish , but the Air Force is watching us . So you 're going to have to go out there and lose again . ( ALL EXCLAIMING IN DISMAY ) It 's for your own good . ( CROWD CHEERING ) COMMENTATOR : Playoff game between the Polecats and the Cougars : And now , Wellington , you 're batting first , all right ? Moonstone , where are you ? You 're batting next . COMMENTATOR : Stepping in the box now for the Polecats is their leadoff batter , Wellington : Pitcher , play ball . Here 's the lefthander 's first delivery : Strike one ! A strike swinging right over the inside corner : Hey batter , I 've got a better swing hanging from a tree in my backyard . ( CROWD LAUGHING ) That 's all right , Wellington . That 's all right . Just watch that ball . COMMENTATOR : Okay , here comes the next pitch : Strike two ! Strike two : COMMENTATOR : We 're in the top half of the first inning : It 's just underway , in case you joined us late : Here 's the lefthander 's pitch : Strike three ! You 're out of there ! COMMENTATOR : Strike three : One batter is out : One away here in the top of the first inning : ( BREATHES HEAVILY ) Dillon : I was hoping I 'd wake up back aboard the Galactica . The air is foul in here : Xavier 's managed to seal off the circuit : ( SIGHS ) There 's nothing more we can do from inside here : We have to get outside to the master circuits : That kind of exertion will use up what 's left of our oxygen supply : We 'll run out waiting : Would you rather die just sitting in here ? No : I 'm with you : COMMENTATOR : The Polecats have taken the field , and here is the leadoff batter for the Cougars , little Frankie Lupo : And it 's hit deep to left field : It 's going deep : Out : It could be out of here , and it is ! It 's a home run : Frankie Lupo hits the first pitch out of the ballpark : : : Oh , no . Oh , my , this could be a long afternoon for the Polecats : You guys are a piece of cake . Piece of cake ? COMMENTATOR : : : : rounds third and headed home : ( ALL APPLAUDING ) And the Cougars take a 1-0 lead : Hey , Jamie , what 's the matter ? Why 's he choking ? What 's going on here ? I want to know what this is all about . No , you don 't . COMMENTATOR : Little Jeffy Frieley : ( CROWD CHEERING ) COMMENTATOR : He gets a hole in one : This should be caught by the centerfielder : No , don 't catch it ! COMMENTATOR : No , it drops in between : Get up ! Cover for him ! Here comes the throw : There 's nothing on it : : : : inside of the park home run : This is not right . They should have called you guys the Scaredy Cats instead of the Polecats . ( ALL MEOWING ) I can only guess that the land developers that want my camp put you up to this . You 've done a great job of doing me in , not to mention all of my kids . TRO Y : This isn 't going to be easy : DILLON : It 's going to be impossible : We don 't have the equipment to fix the damage done here : This is Commander Adama to Xavier . COMMENTATOR : At the end of six innings , the Cougars have a commanding 6-0 lead over the Polecats : Go ahead , Adama . I have considered your proposal , Xavier . And after much deliberation ... You know that you really have but one choice . Yes , and as hard as it is for me , I must refuse your demands : You realize you are condemning the children as well as Troy and Dillon . ADAMA : If I concede to your demands , then how often will you attempt to hold a similar threat over our heads ? I can only hope that you will see how useless it would be to harm these innocent people to achieve your end . You will never escape our justice : Goodbye , Adama . You have condemned the children to death . When the game is over , you will make sure that every child moves directly to the bus . Why ? To avoid the Colonel , of course . Adama refused , didn 't he ? So you know about that . All right . That 's better . If you value the children 's lives and your own , you 'll do exactly as I tell you . COMMENTATOR : At the end of six innings , the Cougars have a commanding 6-0 lead over the Polecats : They 've been in charge all the way : And the Cougars are taking the field : They build up that 6-0 lead and : : : Okay , get in , boys . Listen , Jamie , when the game 's over , I 'm going to stay behind . The whole world 's going to be out there taking pictures of the winning team . Pictures ? Yeah , and those Cougars are going to be swamped by reporters . You 're right . The winners will be surrounded by people . No better place to hide than in a crowd . What ? Never mind , Hal . Don 't count us out . Oh , come on , Jamie . You 're six runs behind and failing fast . This game 's not over to the very last out . If there 's going to be a team caught in a press crunch , it 's going to be us . We 're going home winners . Right , Polecats ? ALL : Yeah ! We can do it . Give me a couple of seconds with the kids . A little pep talk . Couple of seconds ? You 're going to need more like a year . Now , listen carefully . We have to win . But you said ... Never mind what I said . You have to win , and you 're going to have to use all your skills to do that . Now , I know it might not seem fair to those other kids , but there 's more at stake here than just a baseball game . Come on , Scaredy Cats , chicken . Give up ? Good . We don 't like that other team . All right , let 's go out there and win . COMMENTATOR : Polecats coming to bat now : There 's the pitch : A sharp ground ball , it should be an easy : : : Uh-oh , it 's in the ground : The players are digging for it : The official scorer has ruled it a base hit : Now , this is your field , Jenkins . Now , if your groundskeepers are building swamps , don 't take it up with me . Now , get off the field . Just play ball . The Polecats trying to make a comeback : The lefthander sets : The batter squares away the bunt : He does : Back to the pitcher : This should be an easy play : No , he 's beaten it out : I have never seen anybody run that fast : What we need now is a slugger . Wellington . Wellington ? Watch . COMMENTATOR : That 's going to bring Wellington back up to the plate : You guys can sit down . He couldn 't hit a beach ball . If I strike at a 43.6 degree angle at a velocity of one centimeter per millisecond with a G Force ... The pitch , the swing , it 's going , going , it 's still going : Ladies and gentlemen , this is the most amazing comeback this reporter has ever seen : It is a home run for the Polecats : Lucky . No , simple physics . COMMENTATOR : The Polecats are closing the gap : TRO Y : That should bypass the main computron circuits , put us back on manual : DILLON : You hope : If not , it 's been nice : ( BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY ) All right , we come into the seventh inning : There 's a base hit , and a run is scored : The ball hit , and another run : There 's a bunt : He 's going to beat it out , and scores another run : The perfect sacrifice squeeze there : Everybody 's safe : Another base hit : Another base hit for the Polecats : The Polecats are making a ballgame out of it : Are you ready ? As I 'll ever be : The Polecats , until now , have been playing like they had their head in the clouds : But they have managed to overtake the Cougars : The Polecats have taken the field , and as we all know , defense is the weakest part of their game : And they are going to be hard-pressed to try to protect that slim one run lead : Yet a nice catch by the pitcher as the bat breaks in two : Out ! Ooh , is there stuff on that pitch ! This ball is between the fielders , it 's all the way to the fence : The centerfielder picks up the ball : Here comes the throw : What a throw ! Out ! He 's out at the plate : A clutch throw by the centerfielder : : : : stepping in : The pitcher looks : Here 's the pitch : A long fly ball to left field : It 's going , it 's going : This should tie it : The leftfielder leaps high into the air : It 's caught : We won ! He caught an amazing catch : And the Polecats win it ! And the final score , the Polecats beat the Cougars nine to eight : What a finish ! JAMIE : All right ! Gather the children . That might prove to be a little difficult . Very resourceful , Miss Hamilton . We 'll wait for them inside . Stay with the children . TROY : If we 're gonna get to those coordinates Adama gave us to Xavier 's last transmission , we 're gonna have to fly . DILLON : Say no more . One more trick like that and I shall be forced to diminish you drastically . Going some place , Miss Hamilton ? Oh , Colonel , what a wonderful surprise . You do know why I 'm here . For the scout troop . Yes . The children will be ready to leave after the trophy 's been awarded . Miss Hamilton , I warned you . Oh , Colonel , I think you should meet this man . He wanted us to leave with him after the game . Oh . Might I ask what your interest is ? That is no concern of yours . Anyone who 's interested in these special children is of interest to me . I must insist that you leave , Colonel . Must you ? I represent the United States govern ... TROY : Xavier , hold it ! DILLON : Jamie , get down ! Hold it , you ! No , Colonel , don 't ! Look out , Colonel . JAMIE : Oh , no . What about Xavier ? If we pursue him , we risk injuring others . The important thing is that the children are safe . Is he going to be all right ? With proper medical attention . And Xavier got away . Don 't worry , we 'll find him . Jamie , we can 't thank you enough . You 've done a wonderful job . I just never want to see another ballgame as long as I live . I don 't understand why . You said that the children were rather proficient at the sport . Isn 't that what one strives for here on your planet ? Proficiency , yes . Out of this world , no . Hey , hey , the ball . Come on . I just hope they don 't learn any other game . Children , come on ! Hey , where are you going ? Hey , the ball . All right . Oh , no .
