 We 're about to establish our first colony on the planet Earth . We 're on fire ! Pull over and stop ! Quick ! I can 't get one farmhand , for fear of the same thing happening to us will happen to them . TRO Y : We 'll get you help : They can 't work an entire farm . We 're a lot stronger than we look . I 've seen alien being ! They looked like us ! I saw the spacecraft that they landed in ! ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica . Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : By your command : I 'm growing impatient waiting for the Galactican fleet to lead us to the last outpost of humanity . Launch a full-scale attack on their agricultural ships . We must destroy their food supply . Thereby forcing them to lead us to Earth . By your command : On terrain electro-magnetic transmission : Source identified as Galactican fleet : Attack squadron program for agricultural ship destruction : MAN O VER PA : Red Alert ! Battle stations , Cylon attack ! Red Alert ! Battle stations , Cylon attack ! Colonial Vipers launching to intercept : ( WHOOPING ) Do not engage Vipers : Continue to agricultural ship : Several Cylons have broken through the perimeter , Commander . Yes . They 're on a collision orbit with our agro ships . Primary objective destroyed : Break off attack : ( WHOOPING ) ( SHIP EXPLODING ) With the loss of two of our agro ships , we can 't wait any longer . We must establish our first agricultural colony down on Earth . Of all the ships in the fleet , the chance of that one being destroyed ... I do not think it was chance , Commander . As we know by now , the Cylons are quite capable of locating us , now that we have discontinued running and remain in orbit . Then why don 't they move in for the final attack ? To destroy us would cut off their only link to Earth . And they 're trying to force our hand , to make us lead them to Earth . Lieutenant Dante 's men have been most successful in keeping the Cylons from following Troy and Dillon on their constant trips . At least we have Troy and Dillon in position . They must use every means to replenish our food sources . BOOMER : Troy and Dillon are about to embark , awaiting your orders to launch the decoy squadron , sir . After all these years ... A giant step . We 're about to establish our first colony on the planet Earth . Commander Adama . Excuse me for barging in like this , sir , but I must have a word . Certainly . At ease , at ease . Captain , you appear rather harried . Sir , it 's ... It 's the daggits . Daggits ? I believe he 's speaking of Lieutenant Dante 's squadron . Ah , yes , yes , D-squadron . What are they doing to my poor flying craft ? May I point out that there are not very many who would volunteer to run decoy missions against Cylon warships , so that warriors could visit the Earth without being detected and followed ? You see , Captain , flying straight at a Cylon base ship , outnumbered 100-to-1 , does require a certain kind of devil-may-care attitude . I don 't mind the havoc they 're doing out there . It 's what they 're doing to those machines . Why , do you realize , they deliberately removed the limiters from the turbo chargers ? No . Ready for launch : DILLON : Check ignition : Ready ? Why not ? This is Captain Troy to D-squadron leader : We 're proceeding to mission 's coordinates , 39 : 70 : DANTE : You got it , Cap : PILO T : Troy and Dillon should be safely on their way to Earth by now : Let 's go make sure no Cylons pick up their trail : No sign of Cylon pursuit on my scanner : Affirmative : Looks like we made it again : This could be one of our most satisfying missions , Troy : The establishment of one our own colonies on Earth , a permanent place for the children , and fresh supplies for the fleet : TRO Y : Let 's get going : Ready ? Yeah . Let 's go . Over there , an earthling . It must be Mr. Alonzo . Excuse me ! DILLON : That 's not a life form . Some type of dried grass . Stuffed in an earthlings clothing ? Why ? Might be some kind of primitive burial symbol . Or some kind of attempted , crude artistic expression . Look like the main dwelling over there . Nice night . Why is he so depressed this evening , Mama ? Someone 's gonna answer the ad . ( SIGHS ) He just feels so foolish running the ad . He thinks everyone in town will see it and think he 's giving up . He 's not giving up . He 's trying to hang on . I should have never , never talked him into this . Don 't be silly , Mama . He can 't just hold it inside . It will eat him up . Doesn 't he realize we all know what 's happening to him ? Even Chris . Hector , would you like to go outside ? ( SIGHS ) You know , it 's going to kill me to sell . Especially if I have to sell to Steadman . Hector ... You 're going to say , " Don 't worry . " Save it for the children . There 's no need , they already know . And God bless my sister Gloria , and most of all , please help my mommy and daddy . I know how hard they work , so me and my sister could have a home of our own . And now we may have to move away because we can 't afford it . So , please Lord , please send somebody to help my dad . DILLON : Don 't be alarmed . We 're friends . You startled us . We didn 't see or hear your car pull up . Oh , we walked , from over the ridge . Well , what can I do for you ? We 're aware of your article requesting assistance for your agricultural establishment . We 'd hoped to discuss the matter with you . Perhaps we can be of help . TROY : Mr. Alonzo , the ad that you placed in the newspaper said that you wanted to sell half interest in your farm . And that you needed some help . HECTOR : Gentlemen , I might as well warn you . You may be throwing your money away . TROY : What seems to be the trouble ? All my problems boil down to this . Not enough water . First , the worst drought in years , then the irrigation quota . Irrigation quota ? Yes . The water in this area is controlled by John Steadman of the Growers Association , making it impossible for small farmers like myself to succeed . Oh , no more for me , thank you , Gloria . Don 't you like them ? Oh , yes , it 's very good . GLORIA : I made them myself . Nowadays , we 're lucky to be eating meat twice a week . Yes . Things are pretty thin since the creek turned into a trickle . What is the problem ? John Steadman dammed up the water supply . Well , surely you complained to the association ? Complained ? About what ? It 's on Steadman 's property . And Steadman has a lot of say with the association . That doesn 't sound very fair . I appreciate your interest in our farm , but if you 've come to talk about fair , why , you 're in the wrong place . Is there a chance that we could look at this obstruction ? Oh , no . You have no idea how Steadman is about trespassers . Oh , I don 't think Mr. Steadman would mind meeting his neighbors . TROY : Steadman 's place is very green . HECTOR : Yeah . About the same color of his money . That 's why he 's got the clout with the Growers Association . Why is he doing this ? Because John Steadman has no use for Hispanics . He thinks we 're peasants . Peasants ? Yes , that 's what John considers us . Because we used to work for him . He 'll never accept a bunch of braceros as landowners . There comes Steadman now . Good morning , Hector . You know that my boys have orders to eliminate any critters from this property that don 't belong here . And that includes coyotes , dogs and trespassers . I just thought you 'd like a chance to meet your new neighbors . Hector , you don 't mean to tell me you 've gone ahead and sold without giving me first bid ? You know I 'm gonna be real sorry to see you go . I 'm glad to hear you say that , since I 'm not going . Troy and Dillon , my new partners . Mr. Steadman . We were just looking at your construction here . It seems to obstruct the natural flow of water . ( LAUGHING ) Listen , what I do with the water on my property is my business . No , wait a minute , that 's not true actually . That 's controlled by the association . And since the drought , there have been some very strict allotments made . Yes , we 're quite curious about the Growers Association and the local farmers . And this quota system that they 're forced to work under . That we 're all forced to work under . Now , obviously the man with the biggest spread and highest overhead , is gonna get the largest quota . But in the end , it all works out proportionately for everybody concerned . And the quota system on the water . How does that work out for everybody concerned ? All of you farmers are brothers of a kind . Aren 't you ? You know you 're standing on private property . I 'd appreciate it if you would vacate the premises . Yeah , those kind , they 're always trying to get something , because of what they are , instead of working for it . Not to worry , boys , we 'll take care of it in our own good time . Well , I hope you boys know what you 're talking about . I 'd understand if you wanted to pull out . I thought you would , once you saw the problems we 're faced with around here . Don 't worry . The driest season in 10 years , a dam across the only water around , you guys buying seed that I don 't think will grow , and you 're telling me not to worry ? What 's wrong with our choice of seed ? Tomatoes , fine . Corn , squash , that 's all right . But beans ? It 'll never happen . Why not ? Beans are legumes , like peas and alfalfa . Which are great , but they require certain trace elements like cobalt and molybdenum , which my soil doesn 't have a whole lot of . Well , like I said , don 't worry . We have a special treatment process . All we can do is give it a try . Come on . Sure hope I didn 't make a mistake about selling . Hector sure got those boys conned . Got them fronting him for seed . Yeah . I think we better deal with that situation . Hey , habla English ? ( LAUGHING ) Get over ! Let me drive that thing ! I 'll show you how to drive it ! You don 't know how ! Get over ! Yeah , yeah ! Why do you put up with things like that ? It still bothers my family , but ... But I 've gotten over it . ( SNIFFING ) I smell something burning . Father , we 're on fire ! Pull over and stop ! Quick ! I lost crops before , but ... But never so quick . And I think I know what started the fire . Yes . Old Maze . He 's a cigar man . These men are very strange . Some way for us to start a new partnership . I 'm sorry this had to happen like this . I don 't understand , Hector . Why did those men do that to our seed ? They did it because you 're with me . Why else ? I don 't understand either , Father . Prejudice , son . People like Maze , Barrett and Steadman , think they 're better than us , just because we 're Latino . You always told me I should be proud of what I am . That 's right . Our people settled this country long before the Anglos . We were the great pioneers of the West . We produced great philosophers like Ramos , humanists like Juárez , artists like Diego Rivera . But to people like Maze , we 're just wetbacks . Troy , I 'm beginning to get angry . I was getting angry about five centons ago . If Steadman 's responsible for this , he should be made to purchase replacements . That idea 's got about as much chance as a snowball in the Sahara . I think it would be a good idea if you waited back at the ranch . Don 't think Steadman 's going to stand still for this . Standing , sitting . I 'm sure he 'll listen to reason . I don 't think you realize who you 're up against . I don 't think he does either . ( NEIGHING ) ( MEN LAUGHING ) Well , Maze , you gonna show us what you 're made of this morning ? Oh , come on , boss . ( LAUGHING ) Now , come on . You get on that horse . I 'd rather not . Now , you know my offer , Maze , 1000 bucks clear . Get on it . Boss , that won 't even take care of medical expenses . I 'm gonna take care of that . Don 't you worry about it . Get up there . All right , now . Settle down , settle down , easy . ( NEIGHING ) Hold on , now . ( LAUGHING ) Have a good ride . All right , let me have him . STEADMAN : You can do it ! ( BOTH WHOOPING ) Lifeguard ! ( STEADMAN CHUCKLING ) Well , what can I do for you , gentlemen ? We 're sorry to disturb you , but we 'd like to speak with you . Well , I 've always got time to talk to my neighbors . What seems to be the problem ? Your employees set fire to the seeds we had in the back of Mr. Alonzo 's truck . We think you should make restitution . Is that true , boys ? I keep telling you to use ashtrays , Maze . I think probably it was just an accident . We expect to be fully reimbursed for our loss . Well , so do I , so do I. In fact , if you 'd just give a list of the supplies that you lost to the boys , they 'll take care of it for you . And as far as you 're concerned , you 'll find that amount docked from your next salary . Oh , boss ... End of discussion . We appreciate your cooperation . No problem . While you 're here , is there anything else I can do for you ? Anything you maybe forgot at the store ? We 'll be satisfied with what we had . Say , excuse me , you 're new here , you don 't know about my offer , do you ? Do you ... You know anything about horses ? Horses ? Yeah . Here , let me show you something . Mammal , species Equus caballus : ( NEIGHING ) Four-legged animal . Usually domesticated for riding . Yeah , that ... That 's probably the best horse flesh in the county . Say , come to think of it , old Hector , he doesn 't have a horse at his place , does he ? You know , that might be a very good acquisition for you fellows to think about . How much would it cost ? Cost ? No , Satan is not for sale . No , he 's gonna have to choose his owner . See , I have a standing proposition , whoever can ride him , gets him . And $ 1000 to boot . Come here , boy . Whoa ! Back ! Back it up . Whoa , whoa . Come here . What do you think ? You wanna go home with one of these fellows , huh ? What do you think ? Seems like an excellent opportunity . He seems friendly enough when spoken to . Hey , what do you think ? One of you wanna try your luck with him ? You 've always had an ability with these situations . This is a good opportunity for them to help out old Hector . I hate to see a good man go under . Yeah , real charitable offer , boss . Come on , fellows . Which one is it ? Here you go . Go ahead , just take him . How does one mount such an animal ? Very slowly . Seems a little upset . I think I would be too if I had earthlings climbing all over my back . Okay , Satan , now just stay calm . I 'm more nervous than you are . MAZE : Whoa , watch it . I think he knows that . MAZE : He 's gonna get what I got . Yeah , and I think I know why . MAZE : Watch this , watch this . ( BEEPING ) Uh-huh . Disturbed the brainwave patterns . Well , then the horse is sick . Possibly from mistreatment . Not for long . This horse doesn 't seem much different from what was on Caprica . Transmission of alpha waves should settle him down nicely . ( BEEPING ) MAZE : What ? How 'd he do that ? I 've never seen ... That 's it , Satan . That 's it . What do you think about that , boss ? BARRETT : Look at Satan , he 's standing still . Somebody 's done something to the horse . What 's happening ? What ? I don 't believe that . That 's impossible . MAZE : What 's wrong with that horse ? There is no way that he can do that . That 's a trick of some kind . MAZE : What 's he doing ? He seems to have a way with animals . He cannot do that ! DILLON : I believe you owe us $ 1000 . And we want this horse delivered to Mr. Alonzo 's ranch . Get them their things ! He 's beautiful . Can we have him ? Well , I 'm sure he 'd rather be with you than Mr. Steadman any day . Thank you . Oh , I love him . Do you have a girlfriend ? A what ? A girlfriend . Uh ... ( CHUCKLES ) Why ? 'Cause I think you 're cute . ( BEEPS ) A term of endearment . I think you 've got trouble . ( DOG BARKING ) Hey , give us a hand here , will you ? TROY : Certainly . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) I can handle another one of those . ( GRUNTING ) Hey , kid , it 's a nice-looking horse you got there . Wait till you try watering it . What do you mean ? We have enough water for Satan . Not after Mr. Steadman cuts the irrigation quota off for you . MAZE : You people won 't get one drop . Just try planting seed in dry ground . We 'll appeal to the Growers Association . Lot of good that 'll do you . What does he mean ? He 's right . By the time we get a hearing , it 'll be months . ( DEVICE BEEPS ) Continue unloading . I 'll find out what the Commander wants . Yes . Yes , I understand . But with all our food destroyed , it is imperative that you complete your project immediately . Establishing the colony must be of secondary importance . Not only must we have food , but new seedlings to re-establish our hydroponics facility : We 'll have no trouble with that . Our problem now is lack of water . Our scans showed little moisture , but sufficient for plant growth : Since then , all sources of water to the land have been cut off . Dr. Zee , without proper irrigation , the crops cannot grow . Captain Troy need not concern himself with that . We shall provide the water once the ground is seeded . How soon must we begin the planting ? The ground must be prepared no later than tonight . Troy , out . Who were you talking to ? Talking to ? With that watch of yours . You were talking to someone . ( CHUCKLES ) I was just going over some things in my head , I didn 't realize I was talking out loud . My daddy says people who talk to themselves are trouble . Chris , why don 't you go back and help the others , huh ? What was it ? We have to begin planting as soon as possible . There 's just no way . I 've tried anyone and everyone I can think of for 50 miles and I can 't get one farmhand . Why not ? We have the money to pay them . The problem is not money . It 's fear . No one in this valley will stand up to Steadman , for fear of the same thing happening to us will happen to them . Besides , we shouldn 't even be thinking about this until we try sinking a well to the water table . You said there was enough water in the creek to plant . Not enough to irrigate for too long . And even if we get help , it 'll still take a week , maybe two weeks , to plant and sow the ground . We 'll get you help . You will ? Who ? Okay , you can get out now . Now , settle down . And wait right here . Children . Oh , well , we got here as quickly as we could . HECTOR : ( STAMMERING ) Well , is this ... I mean ... These Scouts , is that the help you spoke of ? Well , they 're not exactly just Scouts . We 're sort of a specialized branch . A lot of agricultural training . Like the 4-H Clubs . Well ... I have a lot of respect for the Scouts and the 4-H Clubs , but they can 't work an entire farm . Besides , farming is back-breaking work . Don 't worry about us . We 're a lot stronger than we look . How strong are you ? How far can you throw a ball ? Oh , about 3000 ... TROY : Lancer . Um , a long ways , anyway . Well , I still think it 's an impossibility . Why don 't we discuss that later ? Is there someplace where the children can bed down ? Well , I guess they can stay in the barn over there . We have our own sleeping bags . It looks like it 's going to be a beautiful night tonight , and I think the kids would enjoy sleeping under the stars . The barn will be fine . Jamie . Yes ? What are you doing here ? What do you need the children for ? And how come I 'm dressed in work clothes ? I 'll explain it to you later . Take your belongings inside . Then we 'll have dinner . Okay . Let 's go , children . Are these our best agricultural experts , Adama ? Yes , Dr. Zee . They will begin the process of helping in the sowing and the planting done on Earth . And then they will remain there to form a colony , if the rain-making process works . The rain-making process is rather simple , Commander . It is not dissimilar to the process earthlings have been using for years . Yes , well , as I understand it , the mist that our ship creates as it enters Earth 's atmosphere will be used to form what earthlings call " clouds " above the valley . Precisely . That is where we interrupt the natural process . Precipitation or rain is caused by the evaporation of sea water , or from dust particles blown up by the wind . Then we will use artificial methods to create particles around which the moisture will form . The difference being , that our ship will be able to cool the water vapor to a very low temperature . Then gravity will take care of the rest . And the moisture will fall from the clouds we created . Haven 't the earthlings investigated this process ? On a primitive level . Rarely successful . We will seed the clouds with super-cooled carbon dioxide , which our ship will also extract from the atmosphere . And that will help create the necessary ice nuclei around which the raindrops will form . Exactly . We will use our prospective colonists to help Troy and Dillon plant the fields . Once finished , they can remain with the Alonzos and begin their adjustment to Earth life . Well ... Dr. Zee , we are ready to launch . I don 't know where Alonzo is getting his steam from . Are you sure that he was out trying to hire help ? I 'm telling you , boss , he called everybody in the valley . Now , what does he really think he 's gonna do without water ? I don 't know . But I 'm sure it has something to do with those two yokels that he took on as partners . Maybe we should wait a little longer and make sure the people are asleep . We don 't have time . We 'll plow the field with our lasers and you and the children can plant . ( LASERS FIRING ) STEADMAN : Those lights are making furrows in the ground . Where are the nutrient monitors ? The which ? So Mr. Alonzo can find out how his seeds are growing . And the computers . How can you grow plants without computers ? Naturally . The way Earth people have always grown things . You mean you just stick the seed in the soil and hope it comes up ? Well , no . You have to plough the ground and ... How do Galacticans grow things ? It 's called hydroponics . We ready to plant yet ? Yes , we 're getting started . ( CHILDREN SINGING ) They 're jumping 50 feet in the air ! That 's impossible . Carbon dioxide emission proceeding as scheduled , Commander Adama . When do you expect precipitation to begin ? Momentarily . The clouds we have created are now super saturated with moisture . Then our next pass over the clouds will make it rain . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) Oh , my gosh ! It 's raining . Can we sustain the fleet on our reserves in the time it will take before we can harvest ? The special nutrients I am dispersing with the rain will speed up the germination process , 100-fold . Within a number of Earth hours , the seed shell will be dissolved and the birth process will accelerate . ( SIGHS ) I have lived my whole life practically in this valley , just like most everybody else in this room . But nobody here has any greater concern for the welfare of the people and the land , in this valley , than I do . And I can say that , because right now , I am concerned for all of us , as neighbors . And the man who is behind it all is Hector Alonzo . Hector Alonzo ? What 's dangerous about his spread ? Now , just wait a minute , Tom , everybody , listen to me ! I have seen alien beings at Alonzo 's place . I was out at Alonzo 's last night , and I saw a group of alien beings there ! And we ought to get the sheriff out there with some men right away ! Before it 's too late ! WOMAN : Thank you , Mr. Steadman . ( SIREN WAILING ) Hector , when did these ... Students ? Yes , agricultural students . But when did they arrive ? Last night , during the rain . They wish to experiment with new farming techniques , Hector . They won 't be any burden to you and they 'll help with our share of the farm . That won 't be any problem . Mr. Steadman , what do you want ? You know why I 'm here , Alonzo . And don 't think I don 't know what 's been going on . I saw it . I saw all of you . Now we 're gonna find out what the law has to say about it . Keep an eye on them , boys , don 't let them get out of here . All right , Sheriff , here they are ! Illegal aliens , all of them ! Arrest them ! Now , hold it , Mr. Steadman . We 're not arresting anyone just yet . What 's going on , Mr. Rogers ? Oh , Steadman 's made some charges that you 're harboring illegal aliens here . I don 't feel illegal . Well , Sheriff , go on , ask them some ID , some identification . Go ahead ! Take it easy , John , I 'll handle it . Jamie ... I 'm Jamie Hamilton , with UBC . I 'm sure you 'll find my identification in order . Well , we don 't need reporters . Appears to be . No , no ! Not her ! Them ! What about those two ? Why don 't you ask them , the rest of them ? How about you , John ? Me ? I don 't carry any ID . I don 't have to ! Everybody knows who I am ! I don 't . I don 't want to . Listen , I 'm telling you , I saw them arrive , last night . Is that correct , Jamie ? Wouldn 't the press be interested in this story ? Uh , yeah . All right , let me get this down . Mr. Steadman , you said you saw aliens here last night ? I sure did . I was standing right on the edge of that field over there when their ship ... I mean , when they got here ! A ship ? What kind of ship ? A tugboat or a clipper ? Now , look , don 't try to make a fool out of me ! I know what I saw ! I 'm telling you that ship came down out of the sky , and it was all glowing . Out of the sky ? Now , John , I know you haven 't been working too hard , because you never do anything , but you sure been out in the sun . Mr. Steadman , did you get me and my boys out here on full alert because you saw a flying saucer ? Look , I know what I saw . That ship made it rain . And then they all got out of it . And then those kids over there , they were running across the field and jumping and throwing things ! And then the ship went back over there behind that ridge ! Oh , that 's good , Mr. Steadman . I think I should contact my office and get a crew on this right away . Now , your name is John Steadman , and you 're on the board of the local Growers Association ? Look , miss , it isn 't necessary to get involved in all that . And , Sheriff , do you often race out and run down leads on , flying people that throw things every time somebody in your county calls ? John , I think we ought to leave these people alone . Mr. Alonzo , we 're sorry for bothering you , and your friends . That 's all right , Sheriff . Mr. Alonzo , me and the other growers have been having second thoughts about this water situation . And this sort of puts the capper on it . I 'm glad to hear that . I 'm calling an emergency meeting . By tomorrow morning , that dam won 't be there . Listen , I am telling the truth ! Why won 't you believe ... Listen , that one right there rode Satan ! Now , nobody human could ride that horse . Everybody knows that ! ( NEIGHING ) Come on , John . Oh , yeah . Now , John , don 't you take any wooden flying saucers now . ROGERS : I would like to introduce motion . Now , wait a minute ! I have been a member of this association for a long time ! I move that this association make every effort to remove the restrictions that have been placed upon the valley resources for far too long ... You are not hearing what I 'm telling you ! Anybody who wants the water in this valley should be able to use it . I don 't care if he does come from outer space . Obviously , those who have had a stranglehold on the water in this valley , are just short of a full load . Now , I call for the vote . All those in favor . Motion carried . Now , this valley is a fit place to live . For every American . Dillon . You have to go now ? Yeah , I 'm afraid so . Will you come by here again ? Well , our friends are here . Of course we will . I think she has a crush on you . A crush ? Don 't worry . She 'll grow out of it . I can never thank you enough , for everything you 've done . You too , Miss Hamilton . It 's us who should thank you . And don 't worry about your people . They 'll be taken care of as if they were part of my own family . That 's all anybody could ask for . I wish we could 've stayed , Troy . That was really a beautiful place where we left our people . TROY : That 's not the only thing that was beautiful . Oh , yeah , well , she was nice , too . Well , maybe later . Right now we 've got more important things to do . Oh , well , it 'll still be nice to get back there . Let 's go , Dillon .
