 Boomer , I 'm hit : I had a dream about a great warrior . His name was Starbuck . Okay , I 've had it with you three . You 're all on report . I 'm sick and tired of this silent treatment . I do hereby give you life . Now , Cy , don 't get crazy . Not friends : ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica . Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : Adama , I had a dream . You wish to tell me about it ? Do you believe dreams are significant ? Yes , I do . Not all of them , but some . In my dream , I was not born aboard the Galactica , nor any of the other ships in the fleet . Is that true ? Yes . That is true . Then who am I ? Where do I come from ? Tell me about your dream . It was not a dream about me . It was a dream about a great warrior . His name was Starbuck . Please tell me your dream . There was a great battle . They 're on our tail : Then let 's show them our nose : They 're running : STARBUCK : Not for long : BOOMER : Starbuck , look out ! You 've got one flying right up your tailpipe ! Yeah , no kidding : Oh , frak : Boomer , I 'm hit : How bad ? Bad , two of my three thrusters are gone : This guy 's on me like wet on rain : All right , let 's see if I can give him a little surprise : Come on , sweetheart , one last reverse on your old turbo : Goodbye : Thought I was going to give up and die , huh ? Now , let 's see how you like a little taste of your own medicine : That was an unexpected move : He is a very good warrior : That is a small consolation : We are going to crash : Nice shooting , Starbuck : Can you limp back to the fleet ? Negative , Boomer : I 'll stay with you as long as I can , buddy : The fleet can 't afford to lose two pilots , two ships : But you 're fine : All I have to do is keep track of you , send back help : Yeah , after you warn the fleet to get out of here : ( SIGHING ) Hey , are you gonna : : : You gonna drift or try to find land ? I better try to find some kind of hospitable atmosphere somewhere : Starbuck : Yeah : Take care of yourself : Hey , you know me , pal : I always look out for number one : Give Cassiopeia my love , and Athena and : : : Well , tell them not to sit around waiting : I might like it where I 'm going : I got to go now , Boomer : My support vapors are running low : Look , I 'll be seeing you : My friend , my dear , dear friend , believe me , if I could change places with you , I would : But , sir , we can 't just leave him out there ! Boomer , don 't you think I wanna go back for him ? Do you think I wanna leave someone I love like a son , knowing we 'll never see him again ? Take a look out there . We 'll be lucky if we can save our fleet . You mean we can never go back ? That is correct . There is no going back . Our enemy pushes us on and on and on . And until we are strong enough , or can find Earth and get help , we can never stop or turn away or look back . Thank you , sir . I appreciate your honesty . First enemy wave has been taken back . They are running with our fighters in pursuit . Order all fighters to regroup and let them run . Fleet is to proceed ahead at flank speed . Goodbye , Starbuck . I love you . We all love you . Tractor gear down : Maximum airfoil deflection : Force field in effect to hold me against my favorite seat : ( GROANING ) Oh , what a headache . Headache . That 's wonderful . Oh , pain , I love you . At least I 'm not dead yet . STARBUCK : There was nothing left but my escape pod , which fired automatically moments before my ship impacted : That had saved my life : But to what end ? I set my automatic beacon to transmit a continuous signal to those rescuers I knew would never come : Now it was time to set out and explore the planet : Who knows , I might discover an oasis , a citadel of civilization , thousands of primitive people who would worship me as some kind of winged God who 'd dropped in on them out of the heavens : Yes , sir , no question about it : This could be the best thing that ever happened to me : I decided to call my new home Starbuck : The planet Starbuck : Why not ? I discovered it : It was mine : All mine : Starbuck the planet had not turned out to be any better off than Starbuck the ill-fortuned warrior : I had only enough food rations to last a few days , no shelter and I was alone : All alone : I wasn 't alone : It was metallic , honed , shaped , placed there by a living being : My heart stopped , rose up into my throat and nearly gagged me : What had I done ? What had so angered the Gods that they would do this to me ? It was Cylon : It would be hard to imagine a Colonial warrior depending on the Cylons for survival , but here I was : The temperature was dropping rapidly as the planet orbited away from the suns : The astral winds were increasing the bite of the cold : I had been pretty close to death many times in my life , but never closer than now : The planet Starbuck was a nice place to visit : But tourism and overpopulation would never become a problem : At least I was still alive : Or was I ? Perhaps this is the end man fears so much from birth , the ultimate repayment for all of one 's selfish acts : A banishment to a place where there is no warmth , no love , no companionship , only solitude and cold : I closed my eyes to sleep , wondering if I would ever wake up : Awakening aboard the Galactica was usually a jarring experience : The blare of a Klaxon , the shouts of angry pilots all being rudely mustered to meet the enemy : These cold-blooded , metallic instruments of death would not cease their warring ways until every human was destroyed : Morning , fellas . Thought I 'd swing by and give you orders of the day . We 'll muster out in a few centons and begin policing the area . I want the area whitewashed , boundaries manicured and ... Oh , yes , uniform of the day will be ... Oh , let 's make it polished metallic . We 'll dine at dusk . Dress silvers , and I 'll expect some form of entertainment . ( SIGHS ) Don 't ever do that again . You speak only when spoken to . You say " sir " and you speak to me directly . No pairing off and no talking amongst yourselves . Have I made myself clear ? Good . Now , are there any questions ? Very well . I 'll be leaving for headquarters now . You may continue with your duties . STARBUCK : They were definitely a loose group : It 'd take some time to whip them into shape : DR : ZEE : It was on the third day of Starbuck 's great journey that he reached his momentous decision : Starbuck , you 're a genius . No wonder they named this planet after you . A wizard before his time . ( GRUNTING ) DR : ZEE : Possibly driven by loneliness or more ironically , some deep instinct for survival , Starbuck poured over his dreaded enemy , breathing life back into the shattered form that had been created for one purpose , the extinction of man : In his weakened state , it was possible that Starbuck did not even foresee the ominous implications of his work : For if he succeeded in bringing life back to hulking Cylon form , what would be the massive Centurion 's first act ? He was born for no other purpose but to destroy humans : His first act , therefore , would quite probably be to kill Starbuck : As Lieutenant First Class of the Colonial Fleet , I do hereby give you life . It 's hooked up out there , it 's hooked up here . ( SIGHS ) All hooked up here . Energizer on the ship seems to have a good charge . ( SIGHING ) All that work . It 's downright discouraging . ( SIGHS ) You 're alive . Well , this is a grand day . Only been in charge of this planet for three days and already I 've doubled the population . I do hereby declare me President Elect . If that 's all right with you ? Die , human : Don 't be ridiculous . Think I 'd save you and then let you shoot me ? Besides , it doesn 't work . See . Here , try it . You really did . How would you like to end up like those two ? Huh ? Human , evil : Now , let 's not get hostile . See ? I can turn you off or on . But I don 't intend to keep doing that , not if you 're willing to listen to reason . Is any of this making sense ? Turn off and turn on : Okay , here 's how it works . Now , you need a good charge , so I can get rid of these wires . But until I figure out how to do that , you 're drawing power from your ship out there . Yeah . Not exactly a textbook landing but ... No offense , but were you at the controls during that touchdown ? Cylons work as a team : We are equals : Yeah , well , that 's a very nice policy . Except when things start going wrong . So , what happened during the landing ? The situation did not compute : So you didn 't know what to do . And what happened next ? Someone whip out the manual ? Yes , the manual did not help : What did you do when it came time for a little personal initiative ? We were taking a vote when the ground came up and hit us : Yeah , well ... Now , around here , I 'm in charge . That is impossible : I am Cylon : You are a human being : We are enemies : Why ? There are only the two of us on this entire planet . There is no reason for us to be enemies . Hey , now , by working together , we might survive . Probably not , but we might . It is out of the question : We are enemies : I must destroy you : That 's your last word ? You refuse to be friends ? We are enemies : Okay , I 'm gonna have to shut you off . You 're sure ? We are enemies : Okay , your final word ? Enemies : Oh , this is a shame . I really worked so hard putting you together , I ... Here goes . Wait : You say something ? Why did you put me back together ? Well , because after being alone here for three days , I decided I needed a friend . We are enemies : Well , no , we 're cultural dissidents . That means our cultures do not get along , but that 's in their world . Here , things are different . If I were dead , you would be all alone . I not need anyone else : I am self-sufficient : Oh , that 's too bad . You have no sense of values beyond your own survival ? Is that right ? I exist that the Cylon empire may grow and organize the universe : Well , what you gonna do with it when it 's organized ? Hello , I didn 't hear an answer . What are you going to do with the universe once you have it organized ? I don 't recall anyone ever asking that question : Yeah , well , I 'm asking it . Don 't you have any feelings about your empire ? Do you care what happens to it ? I was created to serve our empire : Ah ! Now we 're getting someplace . So , you ... You are grateful to the empire for creating you so that you might serve . Yes : Well , then , how do you feel about me ? I recreated you after you were destroyed . You repaired me : You did not create me : I am a Cylon : So you have no feelings of loyalty to me for saving you ? I would have to think about that : Take your time . That 's all we have . Although we could even run out of that . Why do you say that ? You cannot exist without energy to drive your circuits and pumps , and I can 't exist without food . Food ? ( EXCLAIMS ) They sure sent you guys out with a minimum of information . Aren 't you even interested in what a human is ? Don 't you care what it is you 've been trying to destroy for a thousand years ? You are our enemy : Yes , so you keep telling me . But why are we the enemy ? Because you are : Oh , Cy . You mind if I call you Cy ? Cy , you have the mentality of a two-year-old . A two-year-old what ? Hopeless , absolutely hopeless . Okay , we 're going to start from scratch . You 're going to school , and I 'm gonna teach you . And when I 'm through , you 're going to know all about humans . And maybe I 'll know something about Cylons . I 'd like that very much : Starbuck . Just call me , Starbuck . Just like this planet you 're on . Yeah , this planet is called Starbuck . What an interesting coincidence : Yes . Isn 't it ? Oh , I 've got a lot of interesting things to teach you . By the way , have you ever played a card game called Pyramid ? What is a card game ? Lovely . You have all the makings of a perfect companion . Eternal perfection and order is the goal of the Cylon Empire : What about love ? How can you have an empire completely void of love ? Not to mention the two different sexes . Genders ? Right . Male , female . Boy , girl . Man , woman . Woman : Right . Have a seat , Cy . We studied woman : They are weaker than man , less durable : Well , in some cases they can 't pull the same load over the short haul but they live longer . Is that their greatest asset ? Cy , do you mind if we change the subject ? Now , let me teach you that game I was telling you about . Did I irritate you ? You seem irritated : No , I just don 't want to talk about women anymore . You sure you 've never played this game ? Pyramid ? Good . Cut . Cut ? No , Cy . Here , let me show you . All right , Cy . Let 's see what you got . You now owe me 42,000 pebbles , three rocks , and one cubit . Why did you win ? I had four pyramids : You only had three : You said that four pyramids was a superior hand to three pyramids : Now , wait a second . Who 's teaching who ? The correct use of your language is , " Who is teaching whom ? " And you keep changing the rules of the game : Are you accusing me of cheating ? You are bored with me : What ? You find my skill level unchallenging : Therefore , you manipulate the rules to keep yourself interested : I am disappointed : I don 't believe this . How do you hurt a Cylon 's feelings ? Look , I don 't know if this means anything to a Cylon or not , but I 'm sorry , you 're right . Two weeks on this planet have begun to get to me . My companionship is not adequate : You require a woman ? Oh , well , that 's a pointless discussion . I will get you one : Hey , come back here , what you ... Hey , it 's dark out there and it 's freezing . Cy , where you going ? Cy , you 'll fall off a cliff . Lord 's sake . STARBUCK : It was nasty footing : Treacherous drops of thousands of metrics in all directions : It was more than that : It was hopeless : What would I have said , even a few days ago , if someone had told me I could feel anything for a Cylon , let alone pain and sorrow : After all , he was my enemy : Wasn 't he ? I awakened early : But didn 't have the stomach to face the hopelessness of the day ahead : Sleep was safer : There was less chance of disappointment : ( KNOCKING ) Starbuck , I have brought you a surprise : Cy , what ... What in the ... Woman : STARBUCK : Dreams were the lone enemy I couldn 't control : There had been visions of food , the fleet , my boyhood home on Caprica , and most haunting of all , the face of a girl I 'd never met : She 's alive . I presumed you 'd prefer her that way : Cy , this isn 't funny . This is a living , breathing human being . Yes , I feel I have already compromised everything I believe in : What 's helping one more human going to matter more or less ? Cy , this is more than a woman . I 'm sorry if you are displeased : There wasn 't much of a selection : Cy , this woman is with child . Child ? Small human . She 's going to bear another human life . I am rapidly being surrounded : Cy , we need water . Go to the spot near the cliff where my laser opened the underground stream . By your command : Although , technically , you have no real authority to order me around : Cy , go . I 'm going : I 'm going : Thanks , Cy . STARBUCK : She hadn 't said a word since we 'd found her : Obviously , she 'd been through a heavy shock of some kind : Who knows ? Maybe she was the absolute last survivor of an entire race : I wound up telling her my life story : Strange how my only real companion was still a Cylon : Not that I was ever really mean , it 's just that I always found it difficult to commit to any one woman . I guess I was afraid of getting hurt . That 's why I never cared if they got hurt first . I ... I may not find your incessant talk fascinating , but at least I don 't walk off : Did you say something , Cy ? No , of course not : What could I possibly say to you ? I 'm nothing but a machine : STARBUCK : My emergency rations were rapidly running out now that I had two mouths to feed : Her mouth worked fine when it came to eating : We 'd fashioned a crude hand-turn generator to furnish our power needs : Starbuck , would you die for me ? What 'd you say ? I know it 's a lot to ask . Yeah , especially for a first question . You can talk and all this time you haven 't said a word ? I 'm sorry . Sorry . You 're sorry . You let me go on babbling for nearly seven days without saying a word . You let me rave like a mad man telling you my life story , and you don 't say a word . Not only am I embarrassed , I 'm angry . Don 't be angry . No ? Well , did it ever occur to you that I might have some questions ? Ask me anything you like . Oh . Oh , well , thank you very much . Let 's begin with where are you from ? How did you get here ? I am from a dimension beyond and I came in the usual way . Well , that 's a little vague . And I seemed to have misplaced your ship . It didn 't stay . Oh . Your fare run out ? You get dumped for non-payment of transportation ? You can 't go out there . It 's minus 50 ... She can 't go out there . She already did : I know she went out there . You picked a fine one when you found her , Cy . She 's about as loony as they come . What do you mean ? Besides , it 's her turn at the generator : Yeah , well , we 'll talk more about that later . Here . We must prepare a vehicle for our child , Starbuck . Yeah , sure , I 'll get right on it . What did you say ? It won 't be safe here for long . The automatic beacon from the Cylon ship will soon bring hostiles searching for their own . No , no , no , no you don 't . Let 's go back to the part about our child . Look , I know this 'd look bad in the Commander 's Court , we being the only two humans on this entire planet , but there 's no way in this galaxy , I ... Spiritual child , Starbuck . Now , you are ready for progress , aren 't you ? Haven 't you spent enough of your energy , enough of your resources toward serving yourself ? I really talked too much to you , didn 't I ? Telling you my life story . Well , at least I was honest about my appetites and bad habits . Let 's put them aside . Now , we should begin to make plans with the first light of dawn . If you choose . That was my rudder : Yeah , well , not anymore . Now it 's a cradle for the baby . What time is the baby 's estimated time of arrival ? You make it sound like a battle squadron coming in for a landing . It 's a baby , Cy , a baby . They have their own way of getting here when they 're good and ready . At home , we simply make a new Cylon when we need one : Yeah , well , with humans , it takes nine and a half months from the time a mother and a father decide they want a child until they get one . Very primitive : But at least we will have another pair of strong hands to help turn the generator : Sorry , Cy , I got more bad news . You see , humans , unlike most creatures in nature , they arrive in a completely helpless mode . I 'm afraid , you 're gonna be up most of the night turning the generator to provide additional heat for the child . The infant can draw heat from its mother : Yes , but at night , it 'll still need its wrappings changed . How long must we apply this procedure ? For at least the first few months . This entire operation sounds like a typical human plan : Impractical and clumsy : It is not a wonder you lost the war : How is the launching vehicle coming ? Angela , I 've come up with some ideas , but they aren 't very practical . There is no choice . The Cylons will soon respond to the distress beacon . How can you be so sure ? Besides , it doesn 't even work , I 've ripped it out . But it was , so they know the course . Starbuck , it is predestined . They will come . Yeah , well ... Look , I re-examined my own safety pod , the one I crashed in . By taking one of the Cylon 's engines and structuring a few supports , I can fashion a craft of sorts , but it 'll take time . And when I 'm done , where will we go ? My fleet by now is so far ... Prepare the craft , Starbuck . We 'll find the way . ( GROANING ) Are you all right ? What ? Cy , get over here . Yes , I 'm all right , Starbuck . But there isn 't much time . Please , the ship . You called ? Yes , I need your help removing one of the engines from the main ship . From my ship ? You 're removing my engine ? It 's our ship , Cy . We share everything , remember ? Besides , it 's ruined . I 'm gonna try and build a new one . How exciting : Where are we going ? I haven 't the faintest idea . Another great human plan heard from : Well , maybe I 'm just humoring her to get her through the pain . Pain ? Yes . Giving birth to human babies can be very painful . You people really ought to try our method : Fast , efficient , and painless : Well , I 'll mention it to the Commander if we make it back to the fleet . Don 't mention that the idea came from me : You humans are emotional about our having destroyed you : STARBUCK : It was a hopeless job with inadequate tools and parts : Still , in wasn 't long before we had a crazy looking spaceship that was half Galactican and half Cylon : Even Cy was proud : We did it . Cy , we did it ! We did it without her help : Well , now , let 's not forget it was her idea . That has to count for something . Look , Cy , we 're all in this together . You two are human : I alone am Cylon : We cannot be friends : Cy . Cy , come on . Let 's give it a try . Cy , I can 't do it alone . Starbuck ! It 's time . Oh , Lord . Cy ! Get back here . It 's coming ! What 's coming ? The baby , Cy , the baby ! ( BABY CRYING ) Our way is better : But , Cy , it 's so beautiful . Just like its mother . You have a very healthy baby boy . We have a healthy baby boy . Now , Cy , don 't get crazy . It 's ... She didn 't mean to ... I 'm sure Angela would be proud to have you as godfather . What is godfather ? It 's a human tradition . It means a special , special friend to the family throughout life . We cannot be friends : You three are humans : I am a Cylon : Not friends : You rest now , I 'll take the baby . Starbuck , will you give your life for this child ? What are you talking about ? Everything 's gonna be all right . We 're gonna start our own new world . And this handsome young fella is our firstborn . Oh , you must prepare yourself for what is to come . I 've a surprise for you . The ship is already finished . I 'm not speaking of the ship , Starbuck . It is time to prepare yourself . For what ? To make the final judgment . Angela , you 're not making much sense , sleep ... Starbuck , tomorrow is our last day . STARBUCK : No question about it : Motherhood is the single most physically demanding effort a human can endure : She 'd feel more optimistic in the morning : Today was too emotional and draining for reason : Tomorrow we 'd all laugh and be grateful for our lives : Angela ! Angela ! They 're here . Three of them , fully armed . Listen , we better get ready . I ... Who is here , Starbuck ? Your people , Centurions . I must go : Cy . Don 't . Don 't make me do it . Goodbye , Starbuck : Goodbye , Angela : Goodbye , Godson : Cy , no ! Don 't . I couldn 't do it . We can 't trust him , he 's one of them . He can 't help himself . Listen , our only chance is to get to the ship . We 're ready . You 're ready ? How did you know ? How ... How do you know everything before it happens ? I told you last night , Starbuck , that you had to prepare yourself for this is judgment day . Come , Starbuck , we must hurry . Angela , what did you mean by judgment day ? Who 's going to be judging me ? We all judge ourselves , Starbuck . Well , I hope so , because I plan on being very easy on myself in certain categories . Now , look , if I run into trouble , just push that button . The ship is programmed to head towards the fleet 's secret heading . No matter how far she deviates to avoid Cylons , she 'll always return to that heading sooner or later . The ship will also automatically lower your body temperatures to sustain life for a maximum period of time . You are a good man . You couldn 't hurt Cy , and now you send us off , knowing that without you , the fuel will last twice as long . Who says I 'm not coming along ? Goodbye , Starbuck . I truly love you . Look , I better seal the ship just in case . I love you , too , both of you . Oh , felgercarb . Three against one . Well , this isn 't going to be fair . Three against two is better : Cy . That thing doesn 't work , remember ? I repaired it : Wait here : Cy . Cy , you can 't go out there . Oh , jeez . Greetings , Centurion : Identify : I am group leader , Cyrus : Lower your weapons : And where is the human ? I extend my weapon that I may perform the following function : Cy ! Cy . You saved our lives . Cy , you all right ? I don 't think so : My circuits are fading : No , Cy . No . Cy , it 's just you and me now . One human and one Cylon . No , Starbuck : Not human , not Cylon : Friends : ANGELA : The child is safely on its way , and I am ready to return home now . And I judge this mortal to be good . So very good . DR : ZEE : The small pod made its way across the heavens , emitting its weak but distinct distress signal : Farther and farther into space it went , carrying the small child in a near-frozen state : A recovery team brought the small pod aboard the Galactica , taking every imaginable precaution lest it be some treacherous Cylon trick . Far from being a trick , the crude , handmade spacecraft bore us an incredible gift , a ... A small child , a child of the stars . Then it was true , my dream . But how could I know these things ? Dr. Zee , I will tell you how you know . You remembered what happened to Starbuck because you were there . I was there ? Yes , Dr. Zee , you were the child that came to us from the stars . Adama , could I be Starbuck 's son ? And if I am , who is my mother ? Ah . The answer is still out there amongst the stars .
