 The ship you seek is just now entering the Earth 's atmosphere . It is the Cylon vessel . The Cylons will walk the Earth . She 's going in , about 60 miles north of New York City . Centurions , rise . Our main concern is to get to the craft and its crew before anybody else . Stop the car ! What happened ? That costume , it 's incredible . You just gave me a heart attack . It 's Halloween , right ? Everybody has a blast tonight . ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica . Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : KANON : Captain , I 'm still echoing that slow-moving target : Put it up on the large scan : Yes , sir : BRITON : Verification signals ? Mineral content , body deflection and absorption factors : Everything suggests a Cylon machine : It 's a Cylon fighter : And look at the armament on that ship : But larger than their pursuit craft : And much faster , sir : It 's approaching now at an incredible rate : Raise the Galactica , Priority Red : Visual sighting , sir ! She 's coming right at us : Prepare for evasive action : Skipper , what happened ? We 're not even close to range : We 've got to find out what 's inside that new ship and notify the Galactica . I don 't believe the firepower : We 're going in : We have to get some close-range scans on that thing : You keep trying to contact Galactica . There 's nothing , sir : They must have a jamming signal blocking the air waves : We have to pull out : Not till we get a close-up scan : Feldercarb ! Look at this : The outline is humanoid : There is no way we can let that thing continue on its present course : It 'll discover Earth : We 've got to stop it : We 're the only ones who know about it : I only know one way to do it without using firepower : Here goes nothing : This is Recon Probe Delta to Galactica . Acknowledge : Priority Red : ( STATIC ) I can 't raise the Galactica . Lieutenant , we damaged her , but it looks like she 's gonna float right into Earth 's orbit : Lieutenant ? Commander , our monitors have detected a ship floating un-powered toward Earth . Dr. Zee , we 've tried to reach Recon Probe Delta , but they do not respond . We must assume there was complete power shutdown , or they would have returned by now . I think we can assume that what our monitors are picking up is Recon Probe Delta : It must have drifted into Earth 's gravitational pull . It will undoubtedly be observed by Earth 's defense system . You must contact Captain Troy and Lieutenant Dillon at once . They should be in position to rendezvous when the craft lands . Troy and Dillon are still taking care of the children . I 'm sure they 're helping them adjust to Earth life . ( GROWLS ) ( SCREAMING ) Troy , this is frightening . I wonder where they get pictures of things like that . TROY : I haven 't seen anything like that since the planet Gorkon . ( WRIST DEVICE BEEPING ) Troy here . This is the Galactica : Priority Red condition . Can you talk ? Not very well . What 's that noise ? ( GROWLING ) It 's called an Earth entertainment . Captain , one of our patrols is lost . And we believe it has wandered into Earth 's gravitational pull : I 'll give you a complete briefing as soon as you 're in a safe zone for transmission : We 'll be leaving here as soon as possible . Children , we have to leave now . We wanna stay . We wanna stay , this is funny . Yeah , they look like the Gorkons . Whatever it is , it 's coming down . Skylab all over again . I 'll have 50 reporters on my back if you let this leak out . Sir , every observatory in the world knows what 's happening here . We can 't keep it from the press . You 're sure it isn 't one of our own satellites falling back to Earth ? Positive . It could be Israeli or French . But , the odds-on guess around here is that it 's Russian . Well , one thing for sure , I 'd much rather explain one of their mistakes than one of ours . The worst is yet to come . You mean it could get worse ? Yes , sir . According to our calculations , she 's going down smack in the middle of New York . Oh , my Lord . How much time do I have ? Give or take a few hours , I think she 's coming down sometime tomorrow night . Thanks . WOMAN : Welcome to the Griffith Park Observatory . Displayed here in the foyer is a foucault pendulum . Suspended 70 feet in the air , the large weighted gold ball swings back and forth due to the rotation of the Earth , knocking over pins that equal the time of the day . TROY : Children , follow those people . WOMAN : Thus giving us physical proof that the Earth is rotating on an axis . TROY : Go on . We 'll catch up with you later . This is our solar system , consisting of nine known planets that revolve around the sun , of which Earth is the third . Scientists theorize that there may be a tenth planet as yet undiscovered . But ... Shh . At this moment , man has only set foot on the moon . But robot probes have explored Venus , Mars , Mercury , Jupiter and Saturn . JAMIE : The phones haven 't stopped ringing since that object started falling to Earth . I 'm so glad you called . I was afraid you might be involved . What have you been able to find out ? Every observatory in the world has spotted it . Now , I checked with Caltech , and as best as they can determine , it should come down in the next twelve hours . How closely can they estimate its trajectory ? They project it will land somewhere in the Tri-State area . Any word from Dr. Mortinson on the transmission ? None . He 's been monitoring that special frequency as you asked . But there 's been nothing over the air waves . That 's strange , Troy . They should be using our distress channel . We know the general vicinity where it 's headed . Once it touches down , we should be able to locate it . You haven 't even told me what it is . There 's speculation all over the media that it could be Russian . No , it 's not Russian , Jamie . It 's one of ours . So we have regular reconnaissance patrols monitoring Earth 's corridors . Just in case a Cylon ship manages to slip by . Heavens . They 're that close ? We 've learned to be cautious , Jamie . What happened to your patrol ? The Viper broke radio contact and hasn 't returned from its mission . The only thing that we can assume is that it had a malfunction and drifted into Earth 's orbit . Thank heavens . Our main concern is to get to the craft and its crew before anybody else . Wait , you 're going to New York ? How ? We have a Viper . No , you can 't do that . I had a visit this morning from the United States Air Force . A Colonel Briggs . Regarding us ? Yes , he 's investigating you . He suspects we 're not of this world ? No , he didn 't go that far . One thing he 's sure of is that he 's going to find you . Thank you for the warning , Jamie . As big as it may seem , our solar system is tiny compared to our galaxy . The vast Milky Way , where there are over 100 billion stars . Actually , 114 billion . Well , young man , that isn 't what the scientists say , but you do bring up an interesting point . Each year , the number changes , as more and more are discovered . You make notice some of the more familiar constellations such as the Big Dipper . That looks backwards . That 's when you 're coming from the other side . Oh . Of these planets that surround these stars , many could probably support carbon-based life . Theories indicate these planets would most likely be life-supportive , even though there is no positive evidence of extraterrestrial life . Is she a frimp ? Shh . Yeah , but my point is those machines of yours keep turning up on military radar . You 're gonna have to go to New York by conventional means . What are you gonna do with the children ? We were hoping you 'd ask that . Well , I 'm sure they can spend a couple of days at Billy 's camp . You call me if you need me . Thank you , Jamie . And I 'll make the travel arrangements with the airlines . A flight in one of your flying machines . That should be great amusement . WOMAN O VER P : A : : Now arriving at Gate 29 , Trans-Global Flight 91 from New York : Passengers holding tickets may check their baggage : : : If you 've checked your bags at the curb , you can proceed directly to the boarding gate . What flight are you on ? We 're going to New York City . Nine M. Nine M ? We have a flight two . Nine A.M. That is Flight Two . Are you ticketed ? We were told to mention pre-paid . Pre-paid ? I can take care of that for you . What are the names , please ? Jones and Smith . Jones and Smith ? Those were the names that Jamie said to use . Remember , there 's a bulletin out for Troy and Dillon . Good thinking . I just hope our images aren 't appearing on all these computers . Yes , that could be difficult . Which one is Mr. Jones ? He is . There you go . You can proceed right down this way to Gate 43 , through the scanner . Scanner ? You must not fly much . Scanner . You know , metal detector , to prevent hijacking . Oh , sure . Hijacking . Right , high-jacking . ( CHUCKLES ) Well , have a nice flight . The act of seizing a vehicle for illegal purposes . I wonder what someone would do with an aircraft once they 'd seized it . Strange place . It 's going to take a lot of getting used to . Troy , what about our lasers ? She said metal . They 're carbon synthetic . We shouldn 't have a problem . WOMAN O VER P : A : : Mr : C : Bell , please report to the baggage claim area : I 'm sorry to be holding you up . This is what happens when you have a baby . WOMAN O VER P : A : : Passengers arriving : : : Thank you , very much . Have a nice flight . Tickets , please . Smoking or non-smoking ? I beg your pardon ? Would you prefer smoking or non-smoking ? Which way does the plane run best ? That 's cute . Well , I guess if you 're leaving it up to me , you don 't care to smoke . Seats 14 B , C. You can go directly onboard . We 're ready to close the flight . Gate 43 , right over there , okay ? You just made it . Looks very comfortable . Hi . Row 14 , seats B and C. Hi . Hi . Row 14 , seats D and E. I 'll take that for you , sir . Thank you . Welcome onboard Flight Two : For your comfort , the cabin will be pressurized : Should we , for any reason , lose pressurization during the flight , you will find oxygen masks automatically dropping from the overhead compartment : Simply place the mask over your nose and mouth as demonstrated by your flight attendant and breathe normally : I 'm not used to flying with somebody else . I hope these people are good . : : : oxygen should become necessary : : : Maybe they 'll let me take the controls for a while . What do you think ? I wouldn 't even let you . : : : be in their seats for take-off : Why don 't you study this guide to the city ? Would you like to buy earphones ? Thank you . All right , everyone . Remain in your seats and be calm . Please do not move . We are taking this airplane to Cuba . Cuba . A country on an island in the West Indies south of Florida . Capital , Havana . Forget it . We don 't have time to go there . Easy . We could get somebody hurt . That oxygen device . It must drop on some kind of electrical impulse . You , in the back . Use the phone to make our demands be known to the cockpit , or we will be forced to use violence . What is this ? What are you doing ? We didn 't do it . It 's automatic . The plane must have lost pressurization . If you don 't go on oxygen , you 'll pass out . What 's happening back here ? We got an indicator light that the oxygen masks dropped ... I thought you 'd done it to trick the hijackers . Hijackers ? Right there on the floor . That one has a gun . Be careful . What 's the matter with them ? I don 't know . I do ! Those two guys zapped them with a flashing light . What 's he talking about ? I don 't know , he ... You know children , vivid imaginations . They zapped them . I saw it ! We wanna talk to you when the plane lands at Kennedy . All right , everybody , just relax . Everything 's under control . I want you to inform the Captain , we want a priority clearance , and have the F.B.I. meet the plane . You okay ? Maybe this Cuba would 've worked out better . No , we 'll be fine . Dr. Zee , you must have heard that Recon Probe Delta has been located . Yes . One of our squadrons found it adrift and towed it in a short while ago . The flight crew , Briton and Kanon , both sustained wounds from their ordeal , but they performed admirably as warriors . Although they bring us distressing news . Dr : Zee , Commander Adama , we tried to stop that Cylon ship , but we didn 't have a chance : It was incredible : The firepower and speed : I don 't think there 's anything in the galaxy equal to it : If it was not our Viper that we 've been tracking toward Earth ... It is the Cylon vessel . Then the Cylons will walk the Earth . We can only hope Captain Troy and Lieutenant Dillon arrive at the landing site in time to intercept them . But they don 't even know that they 're hurrying to rendezvous with the Cylons . ( SIGHS ) Do you realize it just took us nearly five hours to fly a miniscule 3,000 miles ? That 's only ten miles a minute . You can fly to the planet Pluto in less time . Pluto ? The lady at the observatory mentioned it . The important thing is that we 're on the eastern sea . Plenty of time to intercept that ship . This is your stewardess : We 're caught up in a little heavy traffic over J : F : K : We 'll be circling around for a while to get our turn at the field : Nothing to be concerned about : We 'll keep the beverage service open until we 're cleared in : It should be about 30 or 40 minutes ' delay : Forty minutes ? We 'll still be there in plenty of time . Latest word , Colonel . She 'll probably hit around nine o ' clock , Eastern Standard time . BRIGGS : You got any better idea of an exact landing area ? You know better than that , Colonel : NASA missed by an entire continent when Skylab came down : You had better be a whole lot closer on this one . That 's entirely up to the hardware coming down . If it holds together , I could put it within a 200 or 300 mile radius . But if it breaks up , forget it . You 'll be lucky if it doesn 't knock you out of the sky . That 's what I like about you , Major . You are so encouraging . Well , thanks for the update . I 'll be standing by . Think it 's Canada all over again ? No . When that Russian satellite came down on Canada , we already knew exactly what it was , how long it had been up , what went wrong . No , this one is different . Came into our atmosphere from I don 't know where . DR. ZEE : Adama , we 've examined the close range scans of fighter ship Delta before it collided with the Cylon vessel , and I have some alarming news . Since the time of our defeat , the Cylons have not been idle . Not only have they developed new machines , but they have evolved beyond our greatest fears . In what way ? Consider this . In 30 Earth years , it is possible to create a totally new technology . If they are so all-mighty powerful , why don 't they simply destroy us ? They wish to experiment with their new machines . Using us as living targets . ANDROMUS : We 're slowly but inexorably being drawn to orbit around that blue planet . To land in our present velocity is to invite certain destruction . We must exploit the increasing density of the atmosphere surrounding this planet in order to reduce our velocity . The planet we are approaching has seven major land masses : A radius of 6,378 kils and is 71 per cent covered with a blanket of H2O . Centurion , projection . Given three atmospheric braking skips , what is the anticipated landing zone ? Analysis of the planet we are approaching on scan . The body has a central molten metal core surrounded by a sea of molten rock . The cool thin crust of hard granite . The atmosphere is composed of nitrogen , oxygen and carbon dioxide , plus minor trace elements . What will be ship 's skin temperature at maximum ? 2,000 degrees chronic . WOMAN O VER P : A : : Because of the problem onboard earlier in our flight , there will be F : B : I : people boarding our plane before anyone can disembark : But it shouldn 't take long : You 'll all be in the terminal with plenty of time to get to those Halloween parties : Hallow what ? Forget that . Look up F.B.I. Uh-oh . Law enforcement . First magnitude . Federal Bureau of Investigation . We can 't afford to talk to them . We are now on approach to J : F : K : : : Gentlemen , may I ask you to come to the rear galley area as soon as we land ? The officials will wanna question you . I suppose that 's necessary . You 're too modest . I 'm sure there 'll be an army of newsmen there . You 're regular heroes . How do we get into these messes ? How do we get out of them ? All right , she 's in . Now we need a nice , neat corridor right through here when we bring them out , all right ? Can we get through here , please ? Please stay seated until we have come to a complete stop : Would you come with me , please ? Passengers continuing on have one hour before we take off : We ask you that you please remain in the terminal area and listen for your boarding call : Passengers terminating at J : F : K : may claim their baggage : : : Just stay here until they come aboard . Thank you for flying with us and we wish you a pleasant stay : Would it be possible for me to use the , uh ... You want to comb your hair for the cameras ? Comb my hair ! Yes ! That 's it . Me , too . And they say women are vain . Go ahead . You ready ? Ready . DILLON : Here 's my hand . TROY : I got it . Stay right behind me . The hijackers are in the upstairs lounge with our senior purser . The two that subdued them are in the rear restroom . Can you men go with the agents ? I 'll wait down here for the two gentlemen in the restroom . Officer ! I 'm sorry , somebody pushed me . Who ? MAN : Hey , somebody pushed me . Not too bad . Except that we 're very late . WOMAN O VER P : A : : The white curb is for passenger loading and unloading only : Troy ? According to my scanner , the probe is coming down 60 miles due north . Hey , no luggage ? Luggage ? Head north . North to where ? Just north . No luggage , no destination . You sure you guys got enough bread to pay for this ride ? No , but we have money . ( CHUCKLES ) Let 's see it . North it is . We are encountering signals from the planet below : There are apparently life forms on this planet . Perhaps it is a life form advanced enough to help us repair our ship . ANDROMUS : Andromidus . ANDROMIDUS : I see it , but I do not understand . Centurions , home in on the largest communication center . And compute its location from our expected point of impact . As you will : We have done what no Cylon before us have been able to do . We have found the lost human civilization . Projection . Chances of ship 's survival . ANDROMIDUS : Less than three percent . Survivability of the Cylon units within the ship . Centurion survival , unlikely . Advanced forms may reach planet 's surface in functional state . ANDROMUS : Counting down to impact . All crewmen prepare . 20 , 19 , 18 , 17 ... ( PHONE RINGING ) Briggs . She 's going in , about 60 miles north of New York City . Okay , we 're on our way . ... seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . Hey , Leroy . I see it , but what is it ? I don 't know , let 's call headquarters for help and have it checked out . ( SIRENS BLARING ) Headquarters , headquarters . Car Seven on l-5 . Can you go any faster ? Faster ? To where ? North . North . ( SIRENS BLARING ) Would you be interested in making some more money to follow those vehicles as fast as you can ? Long as you want to head towards the law , I 'm your man . Centurions , I am trapped . Centurions ? I command you , rise . ( MECHANICAL WHIRRING ) ( MECHANICAL WHIRRING ) Centurions . I command you . I am answering : Centurion Nine . By your command : What is your priority ? To protect you : I , Andromus , command you . Rise . Move , Centurion . Fire roads are to be kept clear . We could lose that whole mountain . Let 's get it . Come on . Let 's get up that hill , come on . Turn here . Turn here ? There 's no road here . Then stop . There goes a couple of odd fellows . Lift , Centurion . Lift . ( GROANS ) Oh , thank you , my friend . Now , we must find a way out . I must set off the automatic detonator . We must keep the humans from utilizing our advanced technology . Distress beacon . We must hurry , Centurion . We have only microns . Do you realize what this means , Centuri ? We have no way back and we are alone . Two against a world of millions . I will protect you : That is my first order : According to their transmissions , we have a great advantage . These people do not know about us . They do not know about the Galactic war . After our ship self-destructs , there will be no trace of our presence , and I will be able to move freely among Earth people without fear of detection . We will destroy all humans : Yes , Centuri , but I blend with the populace . I am created in man 's image . I 'm as agile as they are . I appear human . So I may go wherever necessary to study their transmission centers so that we may use our distress beacon to signal our people . I will protect you : I know you mean well , Centuri , but your form does not blend . My first order is to protect : What is it , Centuri ? I perceive life forms approaching : Then we must go . Anyone who comes near the ship will be destroyed . TROY : It 's not one of ours . Troy , it 's Cylon . Scan the area for electronic tracks . Where are you going ? Are you crazy ? Dillon ? Troy , it looks human . TROY : No , it 's Cylon . Let 's get him out of here . The ship 's about to detonate . Let 's go ! You all right ? Yeah . ( SIRENS APPROACHING ) Wait a minute , how could they get out of there alive ? Paramedics over here ! You guys weren 't in that crash ? I think they may be in a little bit of shock . MAN : Get those hoses going ! How anybody could 've got out of that crash alive , I 'll never know . Looks like we 're not the only ones following this crash . I just got a call from the Chief . He wants the whole area sealed off . I 'll tell you what . Check that crash site . And if it was drugs , let 's get all the credit we can . You guys wanna tell me about it ? I don 't think this is the time to be talking . But you seem to be okay . Let 's have a statement . We just got here . I know you just got here . I can see that . But , where 'd you take off from ? Take off ? Your plane came down , which means it had to take off from someplace , right ? That 's not our ship ... Plane . We just arrived . From where ? A taxi dropped us off on the road back there . A taxi dropped you off . When ? Just after the crash . Absolutely nothing left of that plane . I mean nothing . Not even a mark . Tough checking their flight plan . There won 't be a flight plan . These boys were on unscheduled business . That I promise you . Now , you watch them , and watch them close . Sure . Look , is there some place where we could go ? To make a statement . Sure . Max ! Yeah . Boys wanna come clean . Okay , let 's hear it . Right this way . But first , let 's check you guys out . Up against the car . MAX : Feet spread . Now . Spread your legs . That 's it . MAX : Come on . Hey Leroy , what in the world is this ? I don 't know . Some kind of cigarette lighter ? Holy ... ( SIREN BLARING ) Troy , maybe telling them about the Cylons would have been better . You heard them . They think we 're criminals . What would they have thought of a story of Cylon invaders ? They 'd have locked us up . Turn on your scanner to the Cylon distress frequency . DILLON : Distress code ? That 's why Dr. Mortinson couldn 't find what we told him to look for . Troy , we were looking for one of our signals . If that distress call reaches the Cylon base ship ... It 's too weak . Even the Galactica couldn 't pick it up . They 've got some kind of transmitting device . They must think they can use it to reach the Cylon empire . But how ? Earth has a lot of powerful transmitters . They must think that they can alter one to transmit directly into space . They were monitoring Earth 's strongest signals on their way down . They may know exactly where to go . They don 't have that much of a lead on us . Besides , we have surface transportation . Troy , that 's what I like about you . We 're up against a brand-new Cylon we know nothing about , and you think we have the advantage . We do . This is their first time on Earth . Remember what that was like ? Our topography scans served us well , Centuri . I 'm sure that we 've landed within 1,000 metrons of the primary communication center . We should be able to walk there within a single period of darkness followed by light . WOLFMAN JACK : ( ON RADIO ) That 'll be the day ! My , my , this is the night , this is Halloween night with Wolfman Jack just laying down the sounds : : : Stop the car ! Stop the car ! ( TIRES SCREECHING ) What ? What happened ? That costume , it 's incredible . Costume ? Are you out of your mind ? You just gave me a heart attack . Those guys must have broken down somewhere . Hey , you want a lift ? Shirley . Come on , we 'll give you a lift to town . I 'm not really a vampire . I 'm in a costume , just like you . We 're going to a party . Wow . Anybody who 'd go to the trouble to make a costume like that has got to be a good guy . It 's Halloween , right ? Everybody has a blast tonight . Come on ! Shirley , maybe these people are waiting for a tow ... SHIRLEY : Are you kidding ? Out here ? Where would they find a phone ? You better get in here , in front with me and Norman . I think your friend takes up the whole backseat . Come on . He 's a big one , isn 't he ? Gotta be hot in that getup . ( SHIRLEY GIGGLING ) Troy , the signal is slightly weaker . They must be moving away from us in some kind of vehicle . We 're almost back to the main artery . Then we can go faster . ANDROMUS : We are grateful for your assistance . Sure . So where are you heading ? Towards the large population center . You even talk like you look . I wish that Mildred and Arnie could see these two . Shirley , no . Norman . Have fun . I mean , everybody goes to two or three parties on Halloween . I 'll tell you one thing . You 'd have a terrific time . Everybody 's going to be there . Even Wolfman . Wolfman ? WOLFMAN JACK : We 're gonna get down : : : There it is . All you part-time vampires , we 're gonna get down in the Disco Inferno : ( HOWLING ) I 'm being terribly rude . I 'm Shirley , and this is my husband , Norman . He 's general manager of the station we 're listening to . Station ? NORMAN : 150,000 watts . On a good night , they can hear us in the next galaxy . Really ? Attention all units , Code 10-16 : Stolen police vehicle in area of Hudson River Parkway : Unit Number 1711 : All units report any contact and be advised : Two men , Caucasian , reported driving vehicle , are armed and considered extremely dangerous : Troy ? Yes ? There goes our advantage . We 're in trouble . I guess they 're humoring us . If they don 't know about the radio station , then they must be classical buffs . In which case , they probably won 't be very impressed meeting Wolfman Jack . On the contrary , I think Centuri and I would be delighted to meet this Wolfman Jack . And I would like to hear all about your radio station . Well , then it 's settled ! I can 't wait to see Arnie and Mildred 's faces when we walk in with these two . Me , neither . ( SIRENS BLARING ) Troy ? I see them . We have the fugitive police car in sight . We 're in pursuit on West 12th Street , heading toward Westside Drive . We 're gonna have to make a choice . If we stop , we lose time . It 's the one thing we can 't afford to lose with those two Cylons ahead of us . Maybe if we tell somebody what 's going on , here on Earth . Who 'd believe us ? The Air Force ? Wouldn 't do any good . All those Cylons need to do is get control of the transmitter for just a few minutes . Amazing . Yes . I always feel the same way whenever I come to Manhattan . Where exactly is this party you fellows are going to ? Oh , you needn 't be considered about us . Aren 't they cute ? Mildred and Arnie are just gonna love this . Yeah , well , I hope they feel the same way after Arnie forces a couple of his famous meatballs down their throat . Now , Norman , don 't get started on the meatballs again this year . They are to the digestive tract what Vida Blue is to the San Francisco Giants . A stopper . Norman , please . You 're gonna frighten these guys . NORMAN : Good , if they had any sense , they 'd go to their own party . The only reason I 'm going to Arnie 's myself is because he is the best program director in radio . And as for that sister of his , she 's so desperate for a husband , she once proposed to a mugger in Central Park . Oh , she did not . You 're terrible . We 'll see . The only thing I can tell you fellows , to be on guard . Between Arnie 's food and his sister 's romantic malnutrition , you could be in for the night of your life . You don 't need to be concerned . We 're quite capable of defending ourselves . Right , Centuri ? By your command : Maybe this wasn 't such a good idea .
