 Your money or your life . Turn off that machine ! A guy burned down a joint with flames coming out of his fingers . Flames coming out of his fingers ? It was Cylon of human form . What ? He was in this 8-foot suit . It was a Cyclops ! Hey , that 's expensive stuff . What emergency transmission procedures do you have ? Hey , you dudes can 't do that . ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica . Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : NARRATOR : In a moment , Part II of " The Night the Cylons Landed , " but first a few scenes from Part l : Captain , I 'm still echoing that slow-moving target . Everything suggests a Cylon machine . Visual sighting , sir . She 's coming right at us . Prepare for evasive action . We damaged her : It looks like she 's gonna blow right into Earth 's orbit : According to our calculations , she 's going down smack in the middle of New York . Every observatory in the world has spotted it . Once it touches down , we should be able to locate it . You haven 't even told me what it is . Our main concern is to get to the craft and its crew before anybody else . We are encountering signals from the planet below : There are apparently life forms on this planet . Andromus , I see it , but I do not understand . We have done what no Cylon before us has been able to do . We have found the lost human civilization . She 's going in , about 60 miles north of New York City . I see it , but what is it ? I am created in man 's image , so I may go wherever necessary to study their transmission centers . So that we may use our distress beam to signal our people . It 's not one of ours . Troy , it 's Cylon . You guys weren 't in that crash . That wasn 't our ship . Let 's check you guys out , huh ? Up against the car . Feet spread . Now . That 's it . Spread your legs . Hey , Leroy , what in the world is this ? I don 't know , some kind of cigarette lighter ? Holy ... WOLFMAN ON RADIO : Just laying down the sound : : : Stop the car ! Stop the car ! What ? That costume , it 's incredible . Costume ? Are you out of your mind ? You just gave me a heart attack . Hey , you want a lift ? It 's Halloween , right ? Everybody has a blast tonight . Come on . Turn on your scanner to the Cylon distress frequency . ( BEEPING ) They 've got some kind of transmitting device . They must think they can use it to reach the Cylon empire , but how ? And this is my husband Norman . He 's general manager of the station we 're listening to . Station . 150,000 watts . On a good night , they can hear us in the next galaxy . Really ? Mildred and Arnie are just gonna love this . Yeah , well , I hope they feel the same way after Arnie forces a couple of his famous meatballs down their throat . Now , Norman , don 't get started on those meatballs again this year . ( SIRENS WAILING ) Troy . I see them . We have the fugitive police car in sight . We 're in pursuit . We stop , we 'll lose time . That 's the one thing we can 't afford to lose . All those Cylons need to do is get control of a transmitter for just a few minutes . NARRATOR : And now the exciting conclusion of " The Night the Cylons Landed : " DILLON : This is the largest city , we 've seen on Earth . TROY : We should easily be able to lose our pursuers . DILLON : Yeah , tell them . They 're right behind us . ( TIRES SCREECHING ) That was close . Troy , they 're still right behind us . Troy . Yes ? We 're running out of city . I think we just ran out of city . ( SCREAMING ) Troy . Over here . OFFICER 1 : Get on the horn to Harbor Patrol to start looking for bodies . And , look , until we get them , cordon off the area . Commander Adama here . Go ahead , Captain Troy . Lieutenant Dillon and I located the crashed ship . Commander , it 's a Cylon ship . Yes , we know . Our Earth brothers , are they aware of the Cylons ' existence ? Negative , the ship was set to self-destruct . There were no traces left that can be analyzed . Thank the Lord . But there 's something else . Not all the crew members perished inside the crash . By our judgment , they 're not that far ahead of us . We assume that they 're headed for a powerful transmitting station in the city of New York . Commander , if they transmit Earth 's location ... Yes , I understand , Doctor . Troy , Dillon , never has your mission been so grave . We must not let the Cylons transmit Earth 's location to their battle fleet . We won 't . We can 't . ( DOORBELL RINGS ) Oh , Norman , Shirley , you look wonderful ! ( CHUCKLES ) Arnie , the boss is here . ARNIE : Good . Tell them I 'm baking a real surprise in here . Yes , well we baked a real surprise out here . Fellas . Oh , what a get-up . Arnie ! Arnie , come here you 've got to see this . Oh , come on now , what could possibly be ... Holy ... Who is that ? Who 's in there ? Wilt Chamberlain ? Guess again . No , I can 't . I gotta get back to the kitchen and meatball ... There goes the surprise , I gave it away . I only wish ... Oh , come on . I want you to have the first taste . Listen , I think I ought to introduce our friends around . We got to bring them if we could talk them into coming . CHILD : Hi , what a space suit ! Tommy , kids , this is Andy and ... Centuri . Centuri . Happy Halloween . Happy Halloween . Happy Halloween , little people . Well , I hope you like the crowd . It 's mostly ad agency ... You know , media . I 'm interested in your transmissions . Transmissions ? Yes , your Wolfman Jack . Well , if you 're interested in broadcasting , you 've come to the right party . You 'll find out anything you want to know , right here . That would be very helpful . ( SIREN WAILING ) ( TIRES SCREECHING ) What took you guys so long ? My kid locked himself in the bathroom . DISPATCHER ON RADIO : Unit 47 : : I can see him through the crack in the door . : : : to East Side YMCA : He 's sticking his tongue out at me . OFFICER : Lady , we 'll get him . WOMAN : Hurry up ! WOMAN : I can 't believe it . ( DOOR CLOSING ) ( BEEPING ) The signal 's getting weaker , Troy . The Centurions must be on the other side of the city . DISPATCHER ON RADIO : Attention all units : Code 1016 : Be on the alert for two Caucasian males : Approximately 6 ' 2 " , both wearing leather jackets : One light tan , one dark brown : Suspects are armed and considered dangerous : Repeat : Suspects are armed and considered dangerous : Hey , you two . Do you want something ? Unit 62 R : : : No , just headed into the city . : : : report to Benson 's Market , 1864 Lexington : Code 34 : All units , additional description of two Caucasian on Code 1016 : Last seen in stolen police vehicle in East River : One or both believed spotted in wet clothing heading west from river : Hey ! Hey , you two ! Come here ! Unit 47 , report to East Side YMCA : DILLON : We can 't remain in these clothes much longer . Every police officer in this city is looking for us . All the facilities for clothing appear to be closed . DILLON : Even if they weren 't . It 's kind of hard not to be noticed when you 're soaking wet . This way . ( MUSIC PLAYING ) # Zip-a-dee-doo-dah , zip-a-dee-ay # Mister Bluebird 's on my shoulder # It 's the truth , it 's actual # Everything is satisfactual # Zip-a-dee-doo-dah , zip-a-dee-ay # Wonderful feeling , wonderful day # Zip-a-dee-doo-dah , zip-a-dee-ay Troy . # My , oh , my , what a wonderful day # Plenty of sunshine heading ' my way Dancing mammals . # Zip-a-dee-doo-dah , zip-a-dee-ay Strange . # Mister Bluebird 's on my shoulder # It 's the truth , it 's actual # Everything is satisfactual Dillon . Looks like every size imaginable . Yes . Shall we ? By all means . Strange-looking . But I guess they 're acceptable down here on Earth . Let 's hurry . # Mister Bluebird 's on my shoulder # It 's the truth , it 's actual # Everything is satisfactual # Zip-a-dee-doo-dah , zip-a-dee-ay # Wonderful feeling , wonderful day # Hats . Canes . Come on , let 's go . Five , four , three ... Troy . The Good Ship Lollipop . ( APPLAUSE ) ( INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING ) # On the good ship Lollipop # It 's a sweet trip to a candy shop # Where bonbons play # On the sunny beach of Peppermint Bay : : : All right . That 's them . That 's all we wanted to know . Okay . Colonel , how did you know ? They identified the photographs . No question about it . They 're the two that climbed out of the ship . We think they 're smugglers . I want you to get their likeness out to every police department in the Tri-State Area . Sir , it 's already been done . All right , but I want these men taken alive . That will be up to them , sir . They 're armed and dangerous . MEN : # If you eat too much WOMAN : # Gee whiz MEN : # You 'll awake WOMAN : # With a tummy ache We gotta get out of here . Right . Lift me . Hey , lift her ! # On the good ship Lollipop # It 's a night trip into bed you hop DILLON : And for our disappearing act . # And dream away on the good ship Lollipop # Lollipop # ( AUDIENCE EXCLAIMING ) Did you feel something ? We 've lost a lot of time . I know . According to my scanner the Cylon signals remain constant . It 's approximately 4.6 acron ions in strength . That means they 've either been stopped by something or they 've reached the transmission station where they were headed . Taxi ! It worked . Hey ! Hi , everybody . Happy Halloween ! Wolfman Jack on the scene . You wanna have a party tonight , say , " Oh , yeah ! " ALL : Oh , yeah ! All right ! I will need you , Centuri . These people have told me that their transmission center is just beyond those buildings . It cannot be visited at night because of security precautions . They have , however , what are known as keys for emergency admittance . Centuri , we must find those keys or take one of these people with us . You will investigate the man who dwells here . By your command : Oh , my ! It is Wolfman . See , I told you he 'd be here . Hi , Wolfman . What 's your name ? Tommy . Hi , little Tommy . Hi . Now , I want all you little ghosts and goblins and part-time Frankensteins to have a good time tonight . Right ? Oh , yeah ! ALL : Oh , yeah ! Oh , yeah ! Oh , yeah ! All right . Yes , indeed . Hey , Wolf , I need you on the balcony . Well , I tell you , you know ... Wow ! What ... Who 's the chrome head ? Centuri . Wow . Well , listen , I got all my fans here . I got someone who 's been dying to meet you all night . He 's a real fan of yours . Well , anybody with taste like that , I can 't keep waiting . Oh , come on . Excuse me , guys . Okay ? Okay . All right . Hi , happy Halloween ! Hi ! The legendary Wolfman Jack . This is my friend , Andy ... Call me Andy . Well , lay it on me , Andy . ( CACKLES ) I 'll just leave you two alone . Hey , I understand that walking monument out there belongs to you . Monument ? Yeah , that big dude out there . You know , with the silver hairdo . Yes , we enjoyed very much hearing your transmission . Though it did seem somewhat primitive . Well , that 's my style , but you talk about primitive . Primitive was when Marconi sent the letter S across the English Channel back in 1901 . Now , that was primitive . I am very interested in what you call radio . Oh , yes , radio . Radio is the real music of the spheres . Each and every star and planet out there are sending out their own signals . Just like the old Wolfman , who is a heavenly body in his own right . The only thing that can stop the Wolfman Jack is a big old solar wave . Solar wave ? Yeah , you see , every now and then , the sun gives off with an attack . It 's like eating spicy food . And sends out waves and waves of gases for millions and millions of miles . And I tell you , it stops radio plain dead . This would stop your transmission ? Yeah , can you dig it ? Oh , quite possibly . A vegetation center in the middle of all this concrete . I estimate the signal they 're emitting is coming from those perpendicular dwellings just beyond this space . It 's not the kind of place you 'd expect to find a powerful transmitter . There 's got to be a link to the Cylon mission here someplace . DILLON : Too bad we 're on such a deadly mission . Because New York looks like a nice place . According to my scanner , the signals are getting stronger . It 's coming from that large dwelling dead ahead . Hey , look at the fancy Dans . Going to a party , boys ? ( TOUGHIES CHUCKLING ) Yes , well , we are in a hurry . Fine , we 'll keep it short and sweet . Your money or your life . That hardly seems like an equitable trade . We don 't have any money that you could use . What kind of money are you carrying , fancy Dan ? Stolen . Stolen ? He 's carrying stolen money . It was a mistake , but strictly speaking , he 's correct . Hear that , fellas . Fancy Dan has been heard from . Okay . You hand over your stolen money . We 'll worry about it from there , and you can both be on your way . Come on , give me your money , baby , huh ? We can 't do that . It would implicate you in a bank robbery and that would be unfair to you . Man , I heard some jive in my time , but this is prime stuff . Now , one more time , dudes . Troy , why don 't we take advantage of the vegetation ? That 's a good idea . That way we can avoid violence . That does it . Take ' em ! ( TOUGHIES EXCLAIMING ) Where 'd they go ? Hey ! May I remind you we 're in a hurry ? Right . Goodbye . Must be that junk food I 'm eating . It 's affecting my head . I found no keys : We must take a human : I have examined these premises . There is a food preparation center with an access door . A human could accompany us without alarming any of the other guests . I want you to go there and wait . I will bring the one who best serves our purposes . By your command : Norman , just in time for a fresh batch of meatballs . Forget the meatballs , I 'm worried . Forget my meatballs ? Forget these morsels of heavenly splendor that I spent an hour and a half preparing ? Arnie , I don 't care if you spent a year and a half . Now , I want to know what you told that guy out there about the security system at the station . He asked if he could go to the station to see how a show is done . I said sure . When he said tonight , I laughed . Yeah , well , I 'm not laughing . I noticed . How did he find out about the keys to the elevator ? I told him he couldn 't get there at night . There are only three sets of keys . Why ? What 's going on ? Look , Arnie , I think we better call the police . What ? I think we got a couple of nuts out there . Nuts ? What kind of friends did you invite to my party ? Well , I only know them an hour . An hour ? You invited perfect strangers to my party . And now they 're probably getting out of line , is that it ? No , no , no . It 's just that all this talk about the radio stations got me nervous . I 'll tell you what , Norman , take these out , pass them around . I 'll be out there in a minute and I 'll see that they leave nice and quietly . No , no , no . That could be dangerous . Remember , I worked my way through school as a bouncer . Believe me , Norman , there 's nobody I can 't handle . Hi ! We were just talking about you . Hi , pal . Having a nice time , are you ? You were speaking of danger : ( LAUGHS NERVOUSLY ) Danger ? No , I ... Did you say anything about danger ? No , no . Well , I ... ( STAMMERING ) I said that it was dangerous . I mean , the meatballs . When you take one , you have to take another . They just grow on you . Yeah . Wait till you sink your chops into one of these . ( CENTURION BEEPING ) What happened ? He collapsed . Probably ate some of your meatballs . Poor man . He did not eat my meatballs . I was just in here cooking , he came in and ... Maybe he 's got a pacemaker . Think it could have been the microwave ? No , no , no . That 's not true . Unless he had an old pacemaker . I read alternating current can do that . Here , help me get this off . What have you done ? The machine . Turn off that machine ! ( WHIRRING ) Arnie , what did you put in the meatballs ? Gunpowder ? Somebody call the fire department . I will before that fire spreads . Get the kids out of here . Use the stairwell ! Wolfman , give me a hand with this guy . Centuri , rise . Stand back : Stay back from me : Wolfman , we 'll go this way . TROY : Come on . Looks like a fire in the top floor . ( SIREN WAILING ) Not the elevator ! Use the staircase ! ( ALL CLAMORING ) The signal 's weaker , Troy . They must be leaving the building . WOMAN : Sammy ! Sammy , no ! Skippy 's in there ! You go after the Cylons . We 'll communicate later . No , no , no , no . I 'll get him . No , wait a minute . No . Sammy ! SAMMY : Skippy , Skippy , where are you ? Skippy , Skippy , where are you , Skippy ? Come here , Skippy ! Come on . I want you to put this over your nose and mouth . I want you to breathe through it . Okay ? Let 's go ! ( DOG BARKS ) Skippy ! Stay here . I 'll get him . Okay , let 's get out of here now . I want you to stay down close to the ground where the air 's better . Smoke rises . Oh , oh , Sammy ! FIREMAN : Use the stairwell just in case there 's a power failure . Now , there 's no danger below this floor , so take your time . You can take him to Bellevue . They 'll be receiving for an examination . We 're always happy to cooperate completely with the federal government , Colonel . However , you 're not giving us very much to go on . The matter is under a close security blanket . What 's the matter ? Don 't you trust the New York City Police Department ? No , I didn 't say that . Then just what did you mean ? There are things under investigation that do not necessarily seem rational . Nor do they present possibility of rational explanations . The average cop on the street couldn 't handle it . Don 't underestimate my men . All right . You want it straight . ( SIGHS ) I 'll give you what I can . Alone , if you don 't mind . Grover 's my right hand . What I hear , he hears . That 's the way it is . I understand . All right . I believe we are dealing with aliens from another world . Grover . Give us a few minutes , will you ? My pleasure , Chief . Nice meeting you , Colonel . Pleasure meeting you . The next time I say , " Take ' em , " I don 't want you clowns giving me no hesitation . You move when I say move . Or I 'll find me some real muscle to take uptown . We are gonna teach some lucky dude the meaning of trick-or-treat . TOUGHIE 1 : Hey , somebody 's coming . Hey , who are you guys ? I mean , I don 't know what you want , but I can 't help you . We wish to see your broadcast center . WOLFMAN : Are you kidding ? You mean you want to walk 50 blocks ? This is a bad night for mugging . WOLFMAN : I mean , I 've been through a real experience , man . I 'm dead . You know what I mean ? Okay . Okay , now , where can I ... ( STAMMERING ) Where can I take you guys ? International Trade Center . Yeah . Yeah , okay . I said it was going to be hard to swallow . You said it was going to be hard , but this is ridiculous . I 've got a fellow officer in a Washington hospital suffering from a kind of shock that isn 't at all ridiculous . His brain is someplace else . His brain is someplace else . That 's what they 're gonna be saying about me if I pay any attention to your request . I don 't want those men harmed . We don 't shoot people on sight , Colonel Briggs , but the men must me alerted . Especially when there 's reason to believe they 're in danger . Which I think is the case now . I 'll admit to that . Sorry to interrupt , Chief . This could be what you 're looking for . A fire over in Central Park . What has that got to do with ... We 've got a dozen witnesses in Bellevue that swore a guy burned down a joint with flames coming out of his fingers . Flames coming out of his fingers ? Colonel , where are you going ? Bellevue . You don 't believe that . No , of course not . Get another car and follow us . Okay , that 'll be five bucks . That will be all . Show us to the transmitter . We are almost there , Centuri . And soon we shall summon our brothers to the last outpost of human civilization . What have you learned ? Our scanner 's right on target . They 're here . Right up the street . A taxi driver said they 're in that building . Of course . There 's a transmission tower . Come on . What is it you guys want ? I mean , if you want to make a political announcement or something ... I mean , you know , something can be worked out . AUTOMATED VOICE : All floors above this floor are closed to the public : Access is by special key only : You will find further information on the control panel : The key . The key ? The key . We 'll be on the top floor in just a minute . Radio station 's on the 70th floor . The extension tube 's over here . WOLFMAN : It 's this way . ( THAT 'LL BE THE DAY PLAYING ) # That 'll be the day when I die # Well , that 'll be the day : : : What is it ? Why have we stopped ? I don 't know . AUTOMATED VOICE : All floors above this floor are closed to the public : Access is by special key only : You will find further information on the control panel : Just a number to dial . A lot of good that 's gonna do . Oh , now we 're getting someplace . Troy , that 's a long way up there to the top . Do we have a choice ? How is it ? You 're not gonna like it . Come on up anyway . There . Now we should be able to jump . Not all the way up there . No , we should be able to leap one floor at a time till we reach the top . That 's a wonderful idea , Troy . Why don 't you try it ? I 'm going to . Be careful , Troy . Your turn . I don 't want to get too far ahead of you . No , that 's all right . I 'm not proud . 39 more to go . # That 'll be the day when you say goodbye # That 'll be the day you make me cry # Whoever is in charge must be warned to cooperate . Their well-being is completely in your hands . Yeah , well , you tell them . Tell whom ? The machines . You see , when I go off the air , the rest of the night is fully automated , and the machines do it all until 6 : 00 in the morning . The music we play is on this machine , and when the record finishes , that machine comes on . WOLFMAN ON TAPE : Oh , yeah ! That 'll Be the Day . And this is your Wolfman reminding you that these late , great sounds coming your way on the mighty WQSL : 150,000 watts of magic : And , now , a quick bit of information for all you night cats : WEATHERMAN ON TAPE : The WQSL weather check for New York City tomorrow shows a high of 78 degrees Fahrenheit , 26 degrees Celsius : And , now , back to the Wolfman : WOLFMAN : Hey , hey , hey : This is the number one : : : Very impressive . : : : the sounds of My Life . Someday , you Earth people will come to understand just how unimportant you are to running a truly efficient society . ( MY LIFE PLAYING ) You Earth people ? Where is your input terminal ? We have a signal to transmit . No , no , I didn 't actually see fire coming from anyone 's fingertips . ( COUGHING ) Well , I did . She 's very excitable . ( IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE ) Excitable ? Norman , I actually saw someone blow up a kitchen . ( STAMMERING ) And you say I 'm excitable . You actually saw a flame coming from this creature ... Appear as though it was coming from this man 's fingertips ? Yes . Yes . How many times do I have to tell you ? Yes ! You know , I saw this movie once , and the guy had a flame thrower attached to his arm . But he covered it up with a robe . He had to create this burning bush to impress the natives . Did this man we 're talking about appear to have a flame thrower attached to his back ? ( COUGHING ) No . No . Now then , which of the two men I 'm about to show you spewed flames out of his fingers ? Well , neither one of these . Neither one of these ? He didn 't look anything like these guys . Mr. Blore , maybe your head is a little clearer . Well , now , wait a minute . He was there . Ah-ha , now we 're getting someplace . Now I can add arson to the list . You sure this is the man who started the fire ? No , no , no , no . He was the one that rescued us . He rescued you ? Oh , yes ! Yes , he ran right back through all those flames and he saved little Sammy . I probably owe that man my son 's life . You sure about that ? Oh , yeah . Well , he is definitely not the one that started the fire , and the other one wasn 't even there . Not that we could see . Not that you could see ? That means there was another one there that you could not see . Well , he was in this 8-foot suit . Yeah . He was immense . And he had this big red eye that kept drifting . ( IMITATING WHOOSHING SOUND ) There 'd been a lot of libation going on before these two got there . Halloween cheer . If you 're asking me , had I been drinking , no , I don 't drink when I cook . Excuse me . ( ALL CLAMORING ) Quiet ! What 's going on here , Sergeant ? This is a hospital , not a booking office . I 'm sorry , Captain . We found these two boys running down 5th Avenue , and when we stopped to question them , they start babbling like a couple of maniacs . So I thought I 'd want to check on them . You know , to see if they were drinking or something like that . Officer , we ain 't been drinking . Man , this was like something you 've never seen . Go on , take them down to the station , check them out . What about that metal creep ? It was a Cyclops ! Yeah , he 's telling like it is . Some big chrome-dome is trying to take over our territory in the Park . ( SIREN WAILING ) BRIGGS : A security guard saw this 8-foot giant entering the International Trade Center . CHIEF : Probably the same one those young punks saw . Close enough to make you a believer ? I believe we got trouble . I just don 't know what kind it is . And until I find out , it 's my jurisdiction , not yours . Chief , before this is over you may want all the help you can get . We will need the emergency homing device . Hey , that 's expensive stuff . Listen , anything you want to do , you can do right here with this microphone . What emergency transmission procedures do you have ? You know , that 's government stuff . That 's the Emergency Broadcasting System . That 's where the government cuts in on about 8,000 radio stations and tells them what 's coming down and what they 're supposed to do about it . We will tap into that system . Hey , you dudes can 't do that . I mean , you start messing with that sealed gear upstairs , and the government 's really gonna come down on you . You will show us where that equipment is . I can 't . Centuri . You got it . Yes , indeed . We 're almost there , but don 't look down . WOLFMAN : Hey , you dudes are messing with some heavy , heavy stuff . I mean , this is big-time government . The US of A. I mean , this is the big democracy . Is this the emergency system ? Ah , give it up , guys . There ain 't no way you gonna get in there to activate that system . Centuri . Oh . ( WHIRRING ) Lead us to the main dish . Ah , look , guys , I got this thing about heights , so ... Centuri , keep your place . Tin man . Of all the parties I had to go to , I had to go to this one , and then I had to meet these guys . They ain 't never gonna believe this ... Transmission 's getting stronger . This way . And now we must link it up to signal . Beam out to our brothers . Beam out to your brothers ? The signal from Earth has been turned to beam straight up to the star Balcon . I suggest you begin jamming all outbound signals from Earth by sending out enormous high-powered interference on these transmission bands . The Cylon base ship will surely come to investigate such interference . Perhaps with a small patrol . But is that distress signal is beamed up to space , she will respond with every ship in the Cylon fleet . I 'll have our warships stand by to launch an intercept against the Cylons . I will also pray that it is unnecessary . I mean , come on now , guys , I 've been a real good sport about this whole thing . Now , I 've done exactly as you asked me to do , against my better judgment . Yes , you have served your purpose . Centuri . Hold on . Hey , hey , now . Wait a minute , now , big fella . No reason to get uptight . I mean , I believe in " live and let live . " I mean , if you and your friend want to look at the stars , you know , and you want to communicate with your brothers or whatever it is , who 's to say what 's normal ? You know what I mean ? I mean ... Centurion ! Stop them , Centuri . Get out of the way ! You don 't have to say it twice . ( GROANS ) Centuri , keep them from deflecting the antenna . I will protect you : ANDROMUS : No , Centuri , save the antenna , so that we may communicate with our fleet ... You all right ? I will be as soon as I get out of here . I will protect you : No , Centuri . I 'm going . Bye ! Centuri , Centuri , what are you doing ? I will protect you : No , Centuri , not this way . No ! Talk about close . ADAMA : The signals from Earth have stopped , and we 've stopped our jamming . WOMAN ON INTERCOM : Incoming transmission for Commander Adama : Transfer to Dr. Zee 's chamber , please . TRO Y : Commander : Troy , you 're all right . Is Dillon ? Yes , sir , fine and well . But the Cylons , the signals . We were afraid ... Temporary setback . The Cylons took the fall . Fall 's a good word for it . It was a beaut . It was a ... A beaut ? That 's Earth talk . The Cylons destroyed themselves . Well , then they 're hardly now so advanced that we cannot win . No , sir : The next time do us a courtesy , if the Cylons are on their way to Earth , please give us a little more notice . Or don 't let them come at all . They ruined a fine holiday , known here on Earth as Halloween . My apologies to all concerned . CHIEF : Span out . Cover the building . Come on , move it ! ( CHIEF YELLING ORDERS ) OFFICER : All right , guys , this way . Up to the roof . Everybody ! ( BEEPING ) Absolutely no one here . You sure about that ? Yeah , believe me , we searched every inch of this place : There 's no one here : Either they vanished or they rode off on broomsticks : I 'm telling you , these two ... These two guys come up with tails on , and they zap these other two space nuts , you know ? I know it sounds crazy , but it 's the truth . I 'm not kidding around . This is the way it happened . Colonel , I don 't know what you think is really out there , but you got to remember you 're in New York City . Outsiders are always taking shots at us because they don 't know very much about what 's going on here . Chief , you can 't tell me that anyone , not you , not one of your men , can explain what has gone on here tonight . And that 's because it was not of this world . But I 've spent enough time in the New York City Police Department not to be willing to be convinced about almost anything . And what about the two who were supposed to be on the roof , and are not ? Where are they ? ( DISPATCHER CHATTERING ON RADIO ) I will protect you : Call the men down off the roof . We 're gonna pack it up . Hey , Chief , we 've been through some zany cases together before , but you don 't really believe there 's anything to this , you know ... ( IMITATES WHOOSHING SOUND ) What do you think it really was ? It 's Halloween , Grover . Trick or treat . Come on down . Right . Time to head for home . Home ? But we just got here . And everyone 's always saying how lively and exciting New York is . That it has been . No , I meant it . Except for those excitable youths of Central Park , I think it was . It was very nice . And I 'd like to see those other segments of that entertainment we interrupted . Dillon , maybe next time . Yeah , I guess you 're right . So , this is New York .
