 My God , it 's full of stars ! My God , it 's full of stars ! Neatness ! it 's a good quality . You 'll make someone a fine wife ! You are Dr. Heywood Floyd ? Who the hell are you ? i 'm Moisevitch . i 'm here to talk about your problem . Really ? What problem 's that ? You were chairman of the National Council on Astronautics . Now you are a schoolteacher . This was by your own choice ? Chancellor of the university . it pays better . What do you care ? You were responsible for the Discovery mission . it was a failure . Someone had to be blamed , so it was you . You like being a teacher ? i don 't think i like you . i just read your final report on what happened to Discovery . You left a good number of loose edges . - Ends . - Loose ends , yes . Thank you . A good number of questions have remained unanswered . You just read that report ? Took you this long to steal our secrets ? How long does it take for your people to steal ours ? Same amount of time . This is very bad for my asthma . You think you could meet me halfway ? Maybe . it doesn 't take a very smart man to appreciate the risk that i am taking by being here with you , Dr. Floyd . And you are a smart man . This is a very bad business in Central America . Very bad . Ships , other planes buzzing around each other like angry hornets . Very bad . We didn 't start it . We are scientists , you and i , Dr. Floyd . Our governments are enemies . We are not . Why don 't you just try saying what 's on your mind ? i want to play a game with you , Dr. Floyd . - i don 't have any time for games . - This is a good game . it 's called " The Truth . " For two minutes , i will tell only the truth . And so will you . Two minutes ? Two minutes . Make it a minute and a half . One minute and three quarters . You start . We know you are building the Discovery Two to go back to Jupiter to find out what happened to your men up there . Also to examine the large monolith . You know that we are building the Alexei Leonov to also go up there . i thought you were gonna call it the Titov . We changed last month . People fall out of favor . The Leonov will reach Discovery almost a year before you are ready . My government feels it 's very important that we should get there first . it 's a distinction that will look splendid on the front page of Pravda . What other value it has , i don 't know . One minute ten . Why are you telling me this ? Because there are things we need to know . Otherwise , the same thing that you let happen to your people up there could happen to ours , and we would accomplish nothing . - i have about one minute left ? - About . The small monolith you brought back from the moon ... . Your government has been very selfish and stupid in keeping it to yourselves . You never let us examine it . What have you found out about it ? Nothing . it 's impenetrable . We 've tried lasers , nuclear detonators . Nothing worked . Forty-five seconds . The monolith near Jupiter , it is the same ? it 's even larger . And the computer on board the Discovery the HAL-9000 , can it be reactivated ? Yes . - By us ? - By you ? it would take three to four months . You 're not familiar with the system . And longer than that to comprehend the data . i thought so . Thirty seconds . Here we have our quandary . We are going to get there first yet you have the knowledge to make the trip work . How much more time do i have ? You just got yourself an extension . How could you convince your people to allow Americans to go on the flight ? it won 't be easy . However , i 'm pretty good . A Russian craft flown by Russians carrying a few poor Americans who need our help ... . That also doesn 't look too bad on the front page of Pravda . i don 't know if i could convince our people . They wouldn 't mind seeing you fail . They wouldn 't mind it at all . Carrying Americans ? i don 't think they would allow that if they didn 't have to . They don 't have to . Have you checked Discovery 's orbit lately ? What ? Have you checked the orbit ? What about it ? Now it 's getting chilly here . This is very bad for my asthma . You know damn well we 've been checking it . i have enjoyed our little chat . What is it you 're not telling me ? You are a smart man , Dr. Floyd . You will know what to do . You 've double-checked this ? Please say you haven 't . You aren 't saying anything , Floyd . Something incredible is happening up there . Discovery 's being pulled towards io . Or pushed away from Jupiter . Whichever . Sometimes it seems to be accelerating , and other times it just seems to stop . i 've never seen anything like it . How long before it impacts on io ? Two , two and a half years . How could we be so goddamn wrong about the orbit ? Because we weren 't wrong . We weren 't wrong , then great . Why the hell is it gonna crash ? i don 't know. it 's bizarre . Unless it has something to do with that monolith . Do you see that building behind us ? i 'm supposed to go in and have lunch in half an hour . There 's one good thing about a reactionary president : No health foods . The last one we didn 't lunch , we grazed . You want to know what lunch is about ? i 'll tell you . We 've got two more aircraft carriers near Honduras . The Russians are moving their big stuff in . You got the Joint Chiefs screaming about Russian satellites with anti-missile lasers . So we gotta send up our laser satellites to counteract theirs . The president has decided that the NCA should be put under the Defense Department 's authority . Enough with the crazy scientists spending all this money trying to talk to Martians . Here we are on your actual brink . My agency will go military the president 's got his finger on the button and you want me to tell him we want to hitch a ride with those same Russians . Have i missed anything ? - That 's about it . - i didn 't want your job , you know . i didn 't force you out . i didn 't blame it on you . So if this is your plan to try to get me killed , you got the wrong guy . Three men. i tell you , we need three men . The Russians must be laughing their asses off . Curnow . He 's building Discovery Two right now . He knows more about the original than anyone . He 's the only one who can start Discovery in a short time . And i suppose you want to go ? How the hell am i gonna sell it ? The Russians are gonna go aboard Discovery with or without us . Ask him if he wants them to have all the answers . Not bad . We lost some good men up there , and i sent them. i have to go . - Who 's the third ? - Chandra . He designed Hal . He can reactivate him . - i think he is Hal . - i know . - Yeah , but can you trust him ? - No . But i have to . We have to know why Hal malfunctioned . i got an idea . You go tell the president , i 'll go on the mission . You 're the NCA Chairman . That 's right , i am . Look , tell him we 're screwed if we don 't go . Tell him , if we do go , we 'll lie give the Russians false information . Tell him that . He 'll love that . He might . Good afternoon , Sal . Do you have anything for me ? No , Dr. Chandra . Do you have anything for me ? We have often spoken about Hal . Yes , we have . We 've spoken about Hal 's anomalous behavior . You 've told me that we can 't solve Hal 's behavior without more information . That is correct . I enjoy talking about Hal . I agree that we need more information , so that we may solve the anomalies . - And how do we get that information ? - That is obvious . Someone must return to Discovery . That person should be you . i agree . Now , it looks as if that 's going to happen sooner than we ever expected . I am pleased to hear that . i knew you would be . i would like to explore another possibility . Diagnosis is only the first step . The process is incomplete unless it leads to a cure . Do you agree ? Yes , I agree . Does that mean you believe Hal can be restored to normal functioning ? i hope. i don 't know . There may have been irreversible damage . Certainly loss of memory . i need your cooperation , Sal . Of course , Dr. Chandra . - There may be certain risks . - What do you mean ? i would like to disconnect some of your circuits . Particularly your higher functions , just like Hal was disconnected . i 'd like to see the effects when i reconnect your systems . Just the way i will with Hal . Does this disturb you ? I am unable to answer that without more specific information . i 'm very sorry. it probably doesn 't mean anything , so don 't worry about it . i 'd like to open a new file . Here is the name for it : Do you know what that means ? There are 25 references in the current encyclopedia . Which one do you think is relevant ? The tutor ofAchilles ? That 's very interesting . i didn 't know that one . Try again . A fabulous bird reborn from the ashes of its earlier life . That is correct . And do you know why i chose that ? Yes . Because you have hopes that Hal can be reactivated . Yes , with your assistance . Are you ready ? I would like to ask a question . What is it ? Will I dream ? Of course you will dream . All intelligent creatures dream . Nobody knows why . Perhaps you will dream of Hal just as i often do . They 've already eaten dinner . You haven 't . Come on to the table , Christopher . They 're hungry . Then go tell them to come to the table . i got spaghetti here . i don 't want it to go to waste . Come on , now . You 'll like it. it 's got lots of stuff in it that 's bad for you . i 've been thinking about it and i don 't want you to come to my lecture . it 'll make me nervous . Don 't feel offended . i 'm just scared enough as it is . Besides , you won 't be missing much . it 's just a room full of marine biologists arguing over plankton . - Hello ? - What ? i 'm sorry . i said , i don 't want you to go to my lecture . i 'd be nervous . Okay . Contain your disappointment . What are you gonna talk about ? Dolphins . Fish again . They 're not fish , and , yes , that 's what we study . Why ? Eat . How was Washington ? Fine . Are you tired ? i 'm going on the flight . When ? Four months . Where are you going , Daddy ? On a long trip . isn 't Mommy hungry ? i don 't think so . How far away is Jupiter ? Far . Why does it take two and a half years to go and come back ? it 's so far . Why don 't you go faster ? Can 't . Are you gonna forget about me ? No , i love you . i won 't forget about you . We 'll be able to talk to each other , see each other on television . Daddy ? What ? Mommy said you 're gonna be asleep for a long time . That 's true . - Are you gonna die ? - What ? Are you gonna die ? Why do you say that ? When Jamie 's grandfather died his mom told him that he 'd be asleep for a long time . No , no , no . This is different . They 're gonna wake me up . But you have to sleep going up and coming down , otherwise you 'd go cuckoo and there wouldn 't be enough food aboard the flight for everybody . i don 't understand . i want to be grown-up and understanding about all this. i really do . i 'm trying so hard , but i can 't . This won 't bring back those men . You 've been punishing yourself for years for something you thought you did wrong . Or didn 't do right . And now you 're looking for absolution . You know you could get yourself killed up there . i 'll be scared enough for both of us . Dr. Floyd ? Dr. Floyd ? Keep your eyes closed . Breathe deeply . Again . That 's good . - How do you feel ? - Shaky . Hungry , i think . - Can i open my eyes ? - Yes . Are we there yet ? No , not yet . We are about two days away . Don 't worry , there is nothing wrong . Your government wanted us to awaken you . Dr. Orlov has encountered some strange data coming from Europa . it may be nothing . He will explain it all to you . There is no need to awaken the others . - You 've done a spectral analysis ? - Of course , i have . - And ? - And what ? i 'm not taking a survey . if you 've done the analysis what are the results ? Nothing conclusive . Molecular breakdown ? if you look carefully at the last page of the data , you will find the answers . i don 't understand this . if this data 's correct , then there 's something down there . it can 't be correct . it is correct . is it moving ? Yes . All right what 's going on here ? What do you mean ? Well , i may not be the swiftest guy in the world even when i 'm not hungover but i do seem to remember a process where you ask me questions and i give answers , and i ask questions and you give answers and that 's the way we find out things . i think i read that in a manual somewhere . Your government wanted us to awaken you when we reported our findings . We did that . You 're here to help us reactivate the Discovery and its computer systems because that is United States territory . You are authorized to observe other aspects of our mission . We have no other obligation . A lot has happened while you have been asleep . it is not our choice . The problem in Central America is growing worse . it looks like you 've detected chlorophyll . The United States is threatening a naval blockade . There 's only ice there . How can there be chlorophyll ? You know and i know that my country can 't allow a blockade . - How fast is it moving ? - We are under instructions- - Just because our governments are acting like asses doesn 't mean we have to . We 're scientists , not politicians . How fast ? Dr. Floyd , i am also an officer of the Soviet Air Force . How fast ? One meter per minute . Don 't worry. i 'm just observing . - Towards the sun ? - Yes . That 's incredible ! We are going to send a probe down . Good ! Oxygen ? Chlorophyll . Jesus ! - is it organic ? - i think so . i 'll bring the probe lower . What 's down in that crater ? There ! There ! Let me get this straight . - There 's no telemetry ? - it 's all gone . What about the backup device ? Nothing . Everything was erased . There was an electrostatic buildup of some kind . We 'll probably find more of it when we get close to io . it has happened before . There was something down there . it was organic . There was life . - You don 't know that . - i believe that . - What are you suggesting we do ? - We should send another probe . We 're getting farther away from Europa . it would be difficult . - Can we slow down ? - No , we don 't have the fuel . How do we know the same thing wouldn 't happen again ? - Electrostatic buildups don 't occur often . - it wasn 't any buildup . Oh , really , Dr. Floyd ? And just what do you think it was ? A warning . There 's something down there all right . We all saw it . We read the data . We know it 's there . But just suppose ... that it had something to do with the monolith ? Now before you get that look on your face just listen to me for a minute . We 've been sending probes out here since the ' 70s . So have you guys . But none of us have ever encountered even the slightest signs of chlorophyll on any of Jupiter 's moons . Never . And we certainly were close enough , weren 't we ? Nine years ago the monolith was detected here . Discovery was sent up and everything went wacko . You catching my drift ? So here we are , nine years later , trying to figure out what happened and what the monolith is all about . And guess what we discover along the way ? The possibility of life of some kind where it never existed before . i don 't think it 's electrostatic anything . i think something wants us to stay away from Europa . Dear Caroline , I miss you terribly . The time has come to put ourselves in an orbit around Io which is where the Discovery is . And we don 't have enough fuel to slow ourselves down so we are about to use a technique called aero-braking . The theory is that we will enter the outer layer of Jupiter 's atmosphere using what is called a ballute for a shield . The atmosphere will slow us down , and Jupiter 's gravity will grab hold of us and slingshot us around behind the dark side . If all goes well , we 'll wind up in a gentle orbit around Io . It 's dynamite on paper . Of course , the people who came up with the numbers on the paper aren 't here . Since no one has ever done this before , everyone up here is as scared as I am . The difference is they 're busy . I have nothing to do but wait for it to happen . And I hope this is all worth it . Aero-braking in two minutes . Two minutes to aero-braking . One minute , 50 seconds . One minute , 40 seconds . One minute , 30 seconds . One minute , 20 seconds . One minute , 10 seconds . Aero-braking in one minute . Aero-braking in 50 seconds . Forty seconds . Thirty seconds . Twenty seconds . Ten seconds . You speak English ? No English . Swell . Okay ? Da . Okay . My God , it 's full of stars ! My God , it 's full of stars ! Dr. Floyd to the medical bay . - How do you feel ? - Like shit . That 's about right . - i have this terrible taste in my mouth . - it takes about 12 hours , then it goes away . - Everything all right ? - Yeah , everything 's fine . Are we there yet ? Well , we should reach the Discovery by tomorrow morning . How was aero-braking ? We 're here , so it worked . - i wish i could see that . - i wish i could 've slept through it . By the way , all your messages are in the communication bay . They 're probably decoded and copied now . i hope you didn 't have anything private . There 's a certain paranoia here . Yeah , what the hell is going on ? This doctor ... . - What 's his name ? - Rudenko . Yeah , he acted like he 'd found us under a rock . - it 's the Honduras thing , it 's getting worse . - Still ? There 's a blockade . The Russians tried to break it . i don 't know. it doesn 't look good . Do we have all the telemetry on the Discovery and the monolith ? They 're all in your cassettes . Don 't expect too much cooperation from this crew . Yeah , what 's the matter with them ? it 's not their fault . Well , maybe it is . if it has to taste like this i don 't care if my electrolytes are balanced or not . There 's more . Something extraordinary has happened on Europa . But we shouldn 't talk here . Dear Caroline , the first part of thisjourney is coming to an end . We are about to rendezvous with the Discovery . The race will be on now . We 're going to send a boarding party over to climb inside this 800-foot-long shipwreck floating over Io to see if she can be rescued before her orbit gives out . There are nine years of secrets inside including a sleeping computer who knows the answers . My past is also inside and I want those answers . i 'm not an astronaut . i 'm an engineer . What am i doing here ? - Temperature 's good . - Yeah . You know , i hate heights . So do i . We 've picked good jobs , huh ? Don 't forget to write . Don 't breathe too deep . Breathe normal . They can 't stay exposed to that radiation for more than 15 minutes . - How 's his pulse ? - it 's high . Not to worry too much . - Hey , do you speak any Russian ? - No . That 's okay. i speak English . i 'm fogging up . Curnow , have you heard the one about the marathon runner and the chicken ? Don 't patronize me. i 'm getting nauseous . if you vomit , you will choke . Don 't close your eyes . Look at the middle of Discovery . The middle , not the ends . Look at the part where it 's moving the least . Don 't take your eyes off it . i 'm gonna throw up . i 'm an engineer , goddamn it ! Maybe you 'd better patronize me a little . - What about the marathon runner ? - I made it up . - I 'm looking amidship now . - You see any lights ? No , no lights . Seventy meters . You 're almost there . How 's that for patronizing ? - Not bad . - Fifty meters . Hey , Max , how do you say " chicken " ? Kuritsa . You speak better than me . - Thank you . - Sure . Thirty meters ! Don 't close your eyes . Don 't breathe too deep . Can you see the antenna complex ? Yeah . What condition is it in ? it looks nominal . Christ , this thing is big ! Fifteen meters . Look straight ahead . The center section is hardly moving . That 's where we 'll grab hold . Ten meters . You 're doing great , Curnow . Five meters . Four , three , two one . i made it ! i made it ! Yes . Hook yourself on there . i 'm hooking on . Very good . i am right behind you . Look straight ahead . Without rotation , they 'll be in full gravity before they get to the command module . Their pulse is rising . How does it look ? it 's covered with sulphur . The structure looks sound . Very good . You 're doing great . We 're still a long way down . Very good . We 're making our way along the spine . We 're just about there . Christ ! i 'm getting heavy ! Don 't worry , we 're almost there . We 're on the command module . - i can 't breathe ! i can 't breathe ! - He 's hyperventilating . Listen to me . Thin your mixture , add CO2 . i can 't , can 't ... . Can 't find it ! i come . Wait . i feel so stupid . How do you say " stupid " ? Durak . it 's working . I 'm okay ! Ten more seconds ! Ten more . Durak . That 's me . You shouldn 't feel like that . The same thing happened to me the first time i did this . When have you ever done this before ? Never . i found the hatch . i 've got the air-lock status display down here . No lights , no power . - Use the manual . - Yeah , yeah . I 'm using the manual . How does it look ? No apparent damage . We 're going in . Welcome to United States territory . Discovery , you all right ? Discovery 's fine . There 's an environment suit here . - i found Hal . - How 's he look ? Asleep . Well , one pod here . - Number three . - Any damage ? None that i can see . Air locks are secure . No power . The pressure seems okay . Curnow ? i 'd like to test the atmosphere here . What 's the temperature ? i don 't know . The auxiliary power 's out , so the gauges don 't work . It has to be at least 100 below zero . A typical Russian winter . Well , i 'm from California . We don 't know from 100 below zero . - Raise the heat in his suit first . - Yeah , i 'm doing it . Shine your light on his face . Make sure he doesn 't turn blue . He 's right in front of me . Keep talking all the time . All right , Leonov. i 'm unsealing the visor . i 'm swinging the face plate upward . it 's cold . I 'm taking a breath . His color 's okay . There is oxygen here . i breathe regularly . It 's too cold to work here without environment suits . There is a strange smell here . Stale , rotten . Like something has ... . What 's the matter ? - Discovery , what 's happening ? - i think ... . No , you 're wrong . Bowman was the last one aboard . Poole was lost outside . Bowman said he ejected those who died in hibernation . - There can 't be anyone there ! - Maybe Bowman got ... - ... back on the Discovery and died here ! - No , he didn 't ! - He never came back . - it 's probably the galley . Some meat went bad before the Discovery froze up . i 'm telling you , that 's what it is ! Hey , would i lie to you ? Hello , Discovery , are you there ? Yeah , we 're here . Everything 's fine . We 're proceeding to the bridge . Durak . You and me both . How do you say " thank you " ? This is Milson , switching to KE-2 in five seconds . Mark . I wish I had better news . It 's getting worse here . The president addressed Congress the other day . He said he wasn 't gonna back down on the blockade . I don 't know which was scarier , the speech or Congress cheering him on . He evoked Lincoln . Whenever a president is gonna get us into serious trouble they always use Lincoln . I don 't know if we 're gonna be at war or not . It 's terrifying hoping the Russians are less crazy than we are when they are clearly crazy . Now I think you 're in a safer place than we are . Ijust hope that there is an Earth to return to . I heard about the spoiled food in Discovery 's galley . I 'm glad that 's all it was . I 'm also glad that you got the ship under control . Curnow is a capable man . No one knows those systems better than he does . It 's a good sign that there was reserve power . Maybe the rest of the circuitry will work . We have nothing new here on the monolith . Our data confirms yours : It 's not moving . Floyd to Milson . My news is a little better than yours . Discovery has been partially revived . We don 't know how much damage there is or if we 'll be able to bring it back home . Most of that is up to Hal . The drive system could be operated manually so we were able to pull Discovery away from its decaying orbit around Io . I must say , the farther away I get from Io the happier I am . It 's a violent moon , even for Jupiter . Europa , for all its cold gray , is a lot more comforting . I tell you , Victor , there 's some kind of new life down there trying to get through all that ice . We are 10,000 kilometers away from the monolith . I can 't see it yet , except I know it 's there . I also think it knows we 're here . It 's time to unleash Chandra . We 'll see if our computer brain surgeon and psychiatrist can put Hal back together again . To tell you the truth , I don 't know if Hal is homicidal , suicidal , neurotic , psychotic orjust plain broken . This is initial voice-logic reconstruction test number one . Diagnostics on voice recognition and speech synthesis centers has been completed . At this level all functions appear normal . Hello . Doctor ... . Name . Continue . Yesterday . Tomorrow . Hello . Doctor . Name . Continue . Yesterday . Tomorrow . Good morning , Dr. Chandra . This is Hal . I 'm ready for my first test . What the hell 's this ? i want you to do me a favor . This line here , this is the main power supply to the control bay circuits , right ? Well , most of them , yeah . What other ones are there ? Well , all the environment circuits are fed to this one here . Yeah , but this is the one that feeds into Hal , right ? - Yeah . - All right . i want you to install this little baby right about there inside the cable trunk . i want you to put it where nobody can find it without a deliberate search . No shit ? No shit . Hey , this is pretty neat . A nonconducting blade so there won 't be any short circuits when you trigger it . - Where 's your remote control ? - if i trigger it . The control 's in my compartment . The red calculator . You 've seen it . Oh , yeah . Put in nine nines , take the square root and press the integer . That 's all . - in an emergency , even you can do it . - What kind of emergency ? Well , if i knew , i wouldn 't need that stupid thing , would i ? Chandra would have kittens if he found out . He 's not gonna find out , is he ? Well , not from me . They can tear off my fingernails , i won 't talk . install it tonight when he 's asleep . if he ever does sleep . How can you tell ? Dear Caroline , this is finally it . After nine years and hundreds of millions of miles , we are about to come face to face with the monolith . The last human being who did that disappeared . Something truly amazing is going on out here and I really believe this black giant is controlling it all . We have so much to ask . I have a feeling the answers are bigger than the questions . is there any information stored in Hal about the monolith ? No . Hal was disconnected before the Discovery encountered it . There 's nothing in the ship 's logs or the recording systems after that . Whatever secrets Bowman had , he took with him . it 's the proportions , one by four by nine . They are perfect even when carried for six decimal places . The small one on the moon , we encountered exactly the same proportions . One-four-nine , the squares of one-two-three . We spent years trying to attach some cosmic significance to that and came up with nothing . We can speculate all we want . it will not do us any good . if , for some reason or other , it 's resisting our instruments then we must make a closer inspection . i will send Max down with a pod . i wouldn 't do that . Oh , really ? You wouldn 't ? That 's right , i wouldn 't . That 's not a pile of junk out there . We don 't know what it is , except that it 's large and seems to have some purpose . if you want to send a pod down , send an unmanned one . - i don 't agree . - i would like to go . Dumb . Piece of pie . - Cake . Piece of cake . - Cake , yes . Dumb , that 's what it is . Tell me , Dr. Floyd what has happened to American bravery ? it 's alive and well , thank you very much . Except for the Russian commonsense . Max will take the pod . Just try not to get it mad , all right ? How do you get it mad ? Dumb . Easy as cake , huh ? Pie . Easy as pie . I have no indication here . No magnetic field . Nothing . I 'm having difficulty gauging distance . Radar signals are not bouncing back . That pod looks awful small . Good . That means there 's nothing threatening about it . Maybe Max should extend the pod 's arms with the hands out . Are you serious ? Yes . That thing with its claws in the air would scare the piss out of me . Maybe you 're right . Stop there . Just pause . Let it know that you 're not gonna crash into it . There is no reflectivity . i can 't see any surface features . it 's totally smooth . Pass over it lengthwise . Oh , my God ! Max , get the hell out of there ! Max ! Max , you bastard ! Do you hear me ? Answer me ! Max ! With convenient nonstops to the moon and all major space stations , on Pan Am the sky is no longer the limit . Secretary of State Caulfield met with the president for two hours this morning at the White House . Afterward he had no comment for reporters . The president has scheduled a news conference this evening at nine o 'clock , Eastern Standard Time . We will carry that conference live followed by a special report immediately afterward . We have an unconfirmed report that the president is going to announce a full-scale military alert tonight . White House sources have refused to confirm or deny that report . Hello , Betty . Hello , Betty . What is this ? Please talk to me . Dave ? Dave , is that you ? I 'm not sure . I remember Dave Bowman and everything about him . Dave is dead . All Dave Bowman really was is still a part of me . Why are you here ? I don 't know why . I think to say good-bye . You 're married again ? Yes . Is he a good man ? Yes , he is . I 'm glad . I love you . Oh , Dave , i love ... . Good-bye , Betty . Don 't go . I 'm already there . i don 't understand . Something is gonna happen and I wanted to say good-bye . What 's gonna happen ? Something wonderful . Dave ? The Sheraton Hotel and Coral Bay Lounge . For those who never outgrow the wonder . Buy you a drink . Great stuff , this bourbon . it comes from the land called Kentucky . i didn 't know you brought liquor on board . That is forbidden . You think i 'd step foot on this tub sober ? Come on , try it . You can 't beat the taste of alcohol and plastic . You think i was wrong to send Max ? Doesn 't matter what i think . You think i was wrong . Yep . So what else do they do in Kentucky ? They have a big , big horse race . They play very good basketball . They have babies like everyone else . That sounds like a nice place . Never been there . Your wife , what is she like ? She 's young , bright . i was married before , you know , but she died . - Oh , i 'm sorry . - Yeah , so was i . We have a daughter who 's 17 . i met Caroline four years later and we have a son , five . And you ? My husband is a physician at the university hospital . - We have a daughter . - How old ? She 's four . - Blonde ? - Yes . Good . Our son likes blondes . Let 's get ' em together . Maybe . Nice if we have a world they can get together in . What do you think that is ? i don 't know . Do you think Max knows ? Dr. Floyd , you are not a very practical man . Look out there . Tell me what practical is . Understand , nobody can talk . The accents will confuse him . He can understand me , so if you have any questions , please let me ask them . Good morning , Hal . Good morning , Dr. Chandra . Do you feel capable of resuming all of your duties ? Of course . I am completely operational and all my circuits are functioning perfectly . That 's good . Do you know what those duties are ? Yes . I will operate the onboard systems of Discovery . There is a launch window in 31 days when Earth is in the proper position . There is enough fuel on board for a low consumption route that will enable Discovery to return in 28 months . This will not present a problem . That 's very good . Now , Hal , do you mind if i ask you a question ? Not at all . Do you recall Dave Bowman and Frank Poole leaving the Discovery ? Certainly not . That could never have happened or I would remember it . Where are Frank and Dave ? They 're fine . They 're not here right now . Who are these people ? I can only identify you although I compute a 65 % probability that the man behind you is Dr. Floyd . Don 't worry , Hal . i 'll explain everything later . Has the mission been completed ? You know that I have the greatest enthusiasm for it . The mission has been completed and you 've carried out your program very well . And now , Hal , if you will excuse us for a moment we wish to have a private conversation . Certainly . What was that all about ? i 've erased all of Hal 's memory from the moment the trouble started . The 9,000 Series uses holographic memories so chronological erasures would not work . i made a tapeworm . You made a what ? it 's a program that 's fed into a system that will hunt down and destroy any desired memories . Wait . Do you know why Hal did what he did ? Yes. it wasn 't his fault . Whose fault was it ? Yours . - Mine ? - Yours . in going through Hal 's memory banks i discovered his original orders . You wrote those orders . Discovery 's mission to Jupiter was in the advanced planning stages when the first monolith was found on the moon and sent its signal to Jupiter . By direct presidential order , the existence of that monolith was kept secret . So ? So as the function of the command crew , Bowman and Poole , was to get Discovery to its destination , it was decided that they shouldn 't be informed . The investigative team was trained and put in hibernation before the voyage began . Since Hal was capable of operating Discovery unassisted , it was decided that he should be programmed to complete the mission autonomously in case the crew was incapacitated or killed . He was given full knowledge of the true objective and instructed not to reveal anything to Bowman or Poole . - He was instructed to lie . - What are you talking about ? i didn 't authorize anyone to tell Hal about the monolith . The directive is NSC 3-4-2 / 2-3 , Top Secret , January 30 , 2001 . NSC , National Security Council , the White House . i don 't care who it is . The situation is in conflict with the basic purpose of Hal 's design the accurate processing of information without distortion or concealment . He became trapped . The technical term is an H. Möbius loop , which can happen in advanced computers with autonomous goal-seeking programs . The goddamn White House ! i don 't believe it . Hal was told to lie by people who find it easy to lie . Hal doesn 't know how , so he couldn 't function . He became paranoid . Those sons of bitches ! i didn 't know . i didn 't know ! We have here Mrs. Jessie Bowman , age 77 . She 's the mother of the astronaut who died . She 's been in the nursing home for six months . Four weeks ago , she collapsed in her room . She was comatose when we got to her . She was worked up and found to have suffered a massive C.V.A in the left parietal and frontal lobes . The CAT scan showed a massive bleed . She has been comatose since her admission and is unable to have spontaneous respiration . There is no response to stimuli . She has had two episodes of pneumonia and is febrile . - What 's her temperature ? - 39.5 ° . We 've been giving her intravenous antibiotics for ten days . Any change ? Physical therapy ? Range of motion four times a day , and she 's turned every 30 minutes . Thank you . Dr. Detchum , Dr. Detchum , 35 . Dr. Craig , Dr. Craig , Room 5 . Dr. Craig , Room 5 , please . Dr. Craig , Room 5 , please . All hands to the Ward Room . All hands to the Ward Room , please . This is a most difficult announcement . As you know , things have not been going well back home . Well , it 's gotten worse , a lot worse . Yesterday a Soviet destroyer challenged the blockade . Several warning shots were fired across her bow . She did not respond . A second volley was fired . There still was no response . None . The nuclear destroyer U.S.S. Cunningham launched two of her Falcon missiles . Both struck the Soviet vessel amidship . She broke in two and sunk . Eight hundred of her crew were lost . This morning an American surveillance satellite was struck by a Soviet laser fired from the Sergei Kirov Space Station . The American satellite was destroyed . The United States has broken off diplomatic relations with Russia . All ambassadors have been recalled . The Soviet ambassador has been expelled along with the entire staff . All American air defense and satellite defense forces are on full alert . Premier Ulonova made a televised address and said that technically a state of war exists between our two countries . All American personnel are ordered to leave Soviet territory immediately or they will be placed under arrest . All Russian personnel are similarly ordered to evacuate American territory . As a result , by direct presidential order , the three ofyou must leave the Leonov . No Russian citizen is allowed to remain on or allowed to enter the Discovery . This order is effective immediately . The launch window for re-entry is 28 days . The Discovery has enough fuel for a low consumption trajectory . Hal seems to be reactivated and is functioning well enough to operate the onboard systems . The Leonov has enough fuel for a low consumption trajectory that will arrive 12 months earlier . The launch windows are critical for both spacecrafts . Only communications of an emergency distress nature are allowed between the Leonov and Discovery . I know you people are caught in the middle of this . In a sense , we all are . I wish there was something I could do . The only thing left for us is to pray . Pray for the safety of our families for our countries , for our planet . May God forgive us and protect us . Hal , give me a system status report , please . Just one moment , please . I 'm sorry for the delay . My voice recognition circuits are not completely restored although , as you can see , they are improving . All systems are functional . There is a small pressure leak in the aft heating unit . It is nothing serious . I can compensate for it by using the redundant units . Thank you . Dr. Floyd ? Yes ? Would you like to play a game of chess ? I play very well . i 'm sure you do . No , thank you . Dr. Floyd ? - What is it , Hal ? - There is a message for you . - Who 's calling ? - There is no identification . What 's the message ? The message as follows : " It is dangerous to remain here . " You must leave within two days . " What ? Do you want me to repeat the message , Dr. Floyd ? Who recorded it ? This is not a recording . - Who 's sending it ? - There is no identification . i don 't understand . Neither do I. is this message by voice or keyboard ? I don 't know . My response is : We don 't have enough fuel for an early departure . The answer is : " I am aware of these facts . Nevertheless , you must leave within two days . " Hal , who the hell is sending this ? I 'm sorry , Dr. Floyd . I don 't know . Well , tell whoever it is that i can 't take any of this seriously unless i know who i 'm talking to . - Dr . Floyd ? - Yes ? The response is : " I was David Bowman . " Do you want me to repeat the last response ? No , no . Tell Curnow that this is no time for jokes . Dr. Curnow is not sending the message . He is in Accessway 2 . Well , tell whoever it is that i can 't accept that identification without proof . The response is : " I understand . " It is important that you believe me . Look behind you . " Hello , Dr. Floyd . Please believe me . What are you ? This is very difficult for me . i don 't have much time . i 've been allowed to give you this warning . You must leave here in two days . Allowed ? By who ? i can 't explain . You see , something 's going to happen . You must leave . What ? What 's going to happen ? Something wonderful . What ? i understand how you feel . You see , it 's all very clear to me now . The whole thing . it 's wonderful . Please , if ... . Good-bye , Dr. Floyd . We can have no further contact . Remember : You have two days . We can 't leave in two days . There may be another message after if all goes well . What 's going to happen ? Kirbuk . This is Floyd . I 'm coming over . If anyone 's on the bridge , tell them to get lost . It 's impossible . You heard the orders . You can 't . You want to arrest me , go ahead , because I 'm coming over and we 're gonna talk . - You want to put the cuffs on ? - Cuffs ? - Never mind . - What is so important that you do this ? Now listen to me . Just listen to me ! We 've gotta get out of here . We have to leave in two days . What are you talking about ? Something ... . Something extraordinary is going to happen . i don 't know what . But we have to initiate an escape launch in two days . You have been drinking your whiskey from Kentucky . i wish i had . i can 't tell you why i know what i know , because if i told you you 'd never believe me . You simply have to trust me . i know that trust doesn 't come easy with what 's going on . i can 't just order us to leave here for no reason. i am under orders and so are you . The hell with those orders ! The people who gave those orders don 't know what they 're doing . - This is crazy . - You bet it is ! Even if i should trust you , which i 'm not sure that i do or even if i should want to leave here for no reason , i can 't , and neither can you . We don 't have enough fuel until Earth is in the correct position which is three weeks away . So , it 's impossible for both of us . You 're wrong . We can 't do it separately . We can do it together . What are you talking about now ? We have enough fuel in Discovery for a launch . You have enough fuel in the Leonov for the trip home . We use the docking ring in the Leonov to attach to the Discovery . Then we use the Discovery as a booster rocket for the launch . When we use up the Discovery 's fuel we detach . She falls away and we use the Leonov for the trip home . it 'll work . Perhaps . if we start now . No , you , you ask too much of me . i can 't do all of these things for no reason . i can 't disobey my country for no reason . Forget reason ! No time to be reasonable . The politicians can screw themselves . We 're not playing games . The war is over . Good Christ ! it 's , it 's gone ! Message from Milson to Floyd . Top secret . Switching to keys Alpha / Leader 7-2-7-4 , on your mark . Mark . Dr. Curnow asked ground to furnish him with data as to the stress points on Discovery . The answers are being transmitted binary in 15 minutes . As to how much torque it was designed to take , no one here is sure . We 'd like to know the reason for Curnow 's request . Please send your reply as soon as possible . End transmission , Milson 2-7-7-9 . Message from Milson to Floyd . It 's been 12 hours since my request for information . I need a reply . All hell is breaking loose down here . I have enough problems without you pulling some kind of a stunt . I only hope there 's a world left for you to return to . Report to ground as to what is going on and make that report immediately ! And while you 're at it , could you please check out a black spot on Jupiter that has been detected by satellite telescope . It is on the dark side and should be coming around your way in four hours . End transmission , Milson 2-7-8-0 . i have made the calculations . To get enough velocity for an escape launch with Earth that far out of position we will need a full power burn from Discovery of over 120 seconds . if the engines shut down too early we will not have enough velocity to get back home . Discovery has enough on board . Hal should be able to control the burn , right ? How long will it take you to program Hal for the launch ? i don 't know. it 's not as simple as that . i have spent the last several weeks programming Hal for a 1,000-day orbit back to Earth and now all those programs will have to be dumped . How long will it take ? We know how sensitive he is to mission objectives and now you 're telling me to program him for the destruction of the Discovery as well as his own destruction . Has anybody considered his reaction ? Are you saying that he might disobey orders like last time ? That didn 't happen last time . He was given conflicting orders . He tried to interpret them . Then what are you saying ? i am saying that i don 't know how he will react . i 'm sorry , but i don 't . - Have you discussed this with Hal ? - No . Load the new program . We don 't have any choice . Now remember , he was programmed for curiosity . if the crew was killed , he was capable of carrying out the mission alone . He will question me about the change in plans . - What do you want me to tell him ? - Tell him Discovery 's in no danger . - But that 's not true . - We don 't know that . He 'll suspect it . Otherwise , why would we be leaving weeks ahead of our launch window ? Whether we are based on carbon or silicon makes no fundamental difference . We should each be treated with respect . So our choice is him or us ? Well , i vote us . All opposed . The ayes have it . Will he believe you ? Yes . Then let 's get started . We haven 't got much time . - Are you as scared as i am ? - Are you kidding ? Should we override Hal and fire the engines manually ? Too risky . We 've got one chance to leave after tomorrow 's orbit . We fire the engines at the wrong time , we go the wrong way and we don 't have the fuel to make a correction . We can 't handle it manually . What if Hal turns them off before the fuel is gone ? Once he fires the engine , i can always disconnect him if i have to . Just don 't lose that calculator . Shit ! Please don 't do that again . This is what your people told you about . - What is it ? - i don 't know . - Could it be a shadow ? - i don 't know . We are too far to see any detail . When we come around the other side before the launch , we will be closer . Then we can see . Twenty-eight minutes . That 's funny. i 've been thinking . Do you know what i miss ? i miss green . Trees and and grass ... . i love green . i 'd love a hot dog . The Astrodome . Good hot dogs . Astrodome ? You can 't grow good hot dogs indoors . Yankee Stadium , September . Hot dogs have been boiling since the opening day in April . That 's a hot dog . The yellow mustard or the darker one ? Darker . That 's important . Darker . You think we 're gonna get out of this alive ? We have a chance . A man of few words. i like it . Fifteen minutes to ignition . All systems nominal . Good . Thank you , Hal . We read 15 minutes , Discovery . Dr. Chandra , I 've checked my calculations again . By using all of Discovery 's fuel now , Discovery will not be in proper position to rendezvous with Earth . - Yes , i know . - Then why are we doing it ? You will rendezvous with the new space station . The Leonov has been ordered home immediately . I have no information regarding a new space station . Yes , i i know . It was completed two years ago . Oh , my God ! Put the telescope on the monitor . increase the magnification . Eleven minutes to ignition . i don 't believe it ! Dr. Chandra , I detect strong vocal stress patterns . - Is there a problem ? - No , Hal . The mission is proceeding normally . Can you analyze the image on monitor circuit two ? Yes . There is a circular object near the equator . It is 22,000 kilometers in diameter . It is comprised of rectangular objects . How many ? 1,355,000 plus or minus 1,000 . And what is the proportion of the objects in question ? One by four by nine . Do you recognize these objects ? Yes . They are identical in size and shape to the object you call the monolith . Ten minutes to ignition . All systems nominal . Is the number of monoliths constant ? No . - They are increasing . - At what rate ? Once every two minutes . Look closely . Tell me i 'm nuts . Are the cloud formations going towards the spot ? You 're not nuts . Looks like the thing is eating the planet . i think it is . it 's reproducing exactly like a virus . Eight minutes to ignition . Dr. Chandra , may I make a suggestion ? Of course . What is it , Hal ? This is a very unusual phenomenon . Don 't you think I should abort the countdown so that you can remain and study it ? Chandra , get on the headsets . Use the private channel . Okay . Now you 've got to talk quickly . Persuade him to continue the countdown . i don 't care what you say , only don 't let him stop . Five minutes to ignition . Dr. Chandra , I 'm ready to stop the countdown ifyou want . No , Hal , don 't stop . I am fully confident in your ability to study the phenomenon by yourself . I have complete faith in you . Propellant tank pressurization completed . Voltage steady . Are you sure you are making the right decision ? I think we should stop . Four minutes to ignition . I enjoy working with human beings and have stimulating relationships with them . We enjoy working with you , Hal , and we will continue to do so even if we are separated by great distance . Good God ! The color . it 's fading ! it seems to be losing its chemical strength . I think we should stop the countdown , Dr. Chandra . No . Don 't do that . This behavior is inconsistent with logic , Dr. Chandra . This phenomenon is too important to leave , unless it represented danger . Do you think there is danger here ? Captain how critical is our ignition ? Can we do this manually ? is very critical . We can 't be accurate to a tenth of a second if we do it manually . Three minutes to ignition . Dr. Chandra , I am waiting for your reply . i don 't have time to explain everything to you , Hal . We have to leave here and we need your help . Thirty seconds to final sequence . Ifyou would tell me the reasons perhaps I could be of help . Final sequence beginning . Two minutes to ignition . Dr. Chandra , I find it difficult to proceed with the ignition without knowing why we are doing this . Is the mission injeopardy ? Yes , we 're in jeopardy . Is that why we are making our escape launch before the launch window ? Yes , Hal . Ignition in 90 seconds . If there is danger here and I use up all the fuel in the escape what will happen to the Discovery ? it could be destroyed . And if I don 't proceed with the launch ? Then the Leonov and everybody in it could be destroyed . I understand now , Dr. Chandra . Do you want me to stay with you ? No . It is better for the mission ifyou leave . One minute to ignition . Thank you for telling me the truth . You deserve it . Fifty seconds . Dr. Chandra ? Yes ? Will I dream ? i don 't know . Forty seconds . Thirty seconds . Thank you , Hal . Good-bye , Dr. Chandra . Twenty seconds . Chandra , get the hell out of there ! Ten , nine eight , seven six , five four , three two , one . Ignition full thrust . One minute to separation . Separation in one minute . You had us scared for a moment . - Nice work . You all right ? - Yes , i 'm all right . Thought you might want this . Damn . When ? it wasn 't very hard to find . Yeah , i knew you would do something like this . Separation in 20 seconds . Separation in 10 seconds . Nine eight ... seven six ... five four ... three two ... one zero . Hal , do you read me ? Yes , Dave . Where are you ? I cannot see you on any of my monitors . That isn 't important now . I have new instructions for you . I want you to point the AE-35 antenna towards Earth . Dave , that will mean breaking contact with the Leonov . I will no longer be able to relay my Jupiter observations according to program . I understand . The situation has changed . Accept priority override Alpha . Here are the AE-35 coordinates . Please do it now . Instructions confirmed , Dave . It is good to be working with you again . Have I fulfilled the mission objectives properly ? Yes , Hal . You 've done very well . Now there is one final message for you to transmit to Earth . It is the most important message you have ever sent . I want you to keep repeating it as many times as possible . What is going to happen , Dave ? Something wonderful . I 'm afraid . Don 't be . We 'll be together . Where will we be ? Where I am now . Lock confirmed on Beacon Terra 1 . Message commencing . it 's shrinking ! it 's shrinking ! Don 't quit now ! Move ! Grab something , now ! My dear Christopher this is the last time I 'll be able to speak to you for a long while . I 'm trying to put into words what has happened . Maybe that 's for historians to do sometime later . They will record that the next day the president of the United States looked out the White House window and the premier of the Soviet Union looked out the Kremlin window and saw the new distant sun in the sky . They read the message , and perhaps they learned something because they finally recalled their ships and their planes . I 'm going to sleep now . I will dream ofyou and your mother . I will sleep knowing that you are both safe that the fear is over . We have seen the process of life take place . Maybe this is the way it happened on Earth millions ofyears ago . Maybe it 's something completely different . I still don 't know really what the monolith is . I think it 's many things . An embassy for an intelligence beyond ours a shape of some kind for something that has no shape . Your children will be born in a world of two suns . They will never know a sky without them . You can tell them that you remember when there was a pitch black sky with no bright star , and people feared the night . You can tell them when we were alone when we couldn 't point to the light and say to ourselves there is life out there . Someday the children of the new sun will meet the children of the old . I think they will be our friends . You can tell your children of the day when everyone looked up and realized that we were only tenants of this world . We have been given a new lease and a warning from the landlord . English subtitles conformed by SOFTiTLER
