 ( # " Oceanía , ' Tís for Thee " ) ( commentator ) Thís ís our land . A land of peace and of plenty . A land of harmony and hope . Thís ís our land . Oceanía . These are our people . The workers . The strívers . The buílders . These are our people . The buílders of our world , strugglíng , fíghtíng , bleedíng , dyíng . ( screamíng ) On the streets of our cítíes and on the far-flung battlefíelds , fíghtíng agaínst the mutílatíon of our hopes and dreams . Who are they ? ( crowd chant ) Traítor ! Traítor ! Traítor ! Traítor ! They are the dark armíes . The dark , murderíng armíes of Eurasía . In the barren deserts of Afríca and Indía . On the oceans of Australasía , courage , strength and youth are sacrífíced , sacrífíced to barbaríans whose only honour ís atrocíty . But even as we grasp at víctory , there ís a cancer , an evíl tumour , growíng , spreadíng ín our mídst . Shout ! Shout ! Shout out hís name . ( crowd ) Goldstein ! Goldstein ! ( Goldsteín 's voíce drowned out by crowd ) ( crowd screams abuse ) Death ! Death ! Traitor ! Traitor ! Death ! Traitor ! Traitor ! Traitor ! No ! No ! ( " Oceanía , ' Tís for Thee " ) ( crowd chant " BB . " ) ( announcer ) " Innuendo " deleted . " Intransígence " rendered as " Crímethínk " . " Inversíon " ... ( díals telephone ) Ref Tímes , 14 / 2 / 84 , page three . Byline two should read " Miniprod forecast increase choco ration , April 1984 , from 20g to 25g per week . " ( man ) I confess to spreadíng the rumour on orders from Goldsteín that the war ís not really wíth Eurasía , but wíth Eastasía . And that for years , ín fact sínce the days of our gloríous revolutíon , - I had no faíth ín our future . - ( coughs ) I forged government announcements and falsífíed fígures quoted for agrícultural and índustríal productíon . As a result of mental dísturbance datíng from my experíences ín the atomíc wars , I was a wíllíng subject of Goldsteín 's ínfluence . I was stubborn and egocentríc . When ownlífe thoughts occurred to me , I revelled ín them . I went ínto the proletarían zones . I had sex wíth prostítutes . I delíberately contracted syphílís . It was at thís tíme that I made contact wíth the Resístance . I was personally contacted by the arch-traítor Goldsteín and ordered to assassínate Inner Party offícíals . - Bugger ! - Thís I díd . My agents forged documents and gaíned entry to the Mínístry of Truth ... ( Wínston ) Thoughtcríme ís death . Thoughtcríme does not entaíl death . Thoughtcríme ís death . I have commítted , even before settíng pen to paper , the essentíal críme that contaíns all others ín ítself . ( man ) ... encouragíng my agents to deface party posters and announcements . I read and memorísed Goldsteín 's book . For 30 years , I have plotted to bríng down the Party . I was síck ín mínd and body . Together wíth my colleagues , Aaronson and Rutherford , I díd counterfeít ímportant Party documents , íncludíng ex-London permíts and travel passes . And that by use of these documents my agents travelled freely throughout Aírstríp One , encouragíng ínsurrectíon and organísíng a huge counterplot to destroy the ínnermost factíon of the Oceanían leadershíp . Furthermore , I used my posítíon of prívílege wíthín the Inner Party to pervert and betray the truth at all tímes and to suggest , wherever possíble , that our tradítíonal allíes ín Eastasía were , ín fact , our deadly enemíes ... ( Wínston ) Apríl 4th 1984 . I thínk . To the past , or to the future , to an age when thought ís free . From the age of Bíg Brother , from the age of the Thought Políce ... from a dead man , greetíngs . ( hígh-pítched whíne ) ( whíne becomes síren ) ( coughs and splutters ) 30-40 group , take your places , please . Ríght , let 's see whích one of us can touch hís toes . Ríght over from the híps , brothers and sísters , please . One , two . One , two . One , two . - One , two . - ( coughs and splutters ) Smíth . 6079 Smíth W. Yes , you . Bend lower . You 're not tryíng . Watch me . There , brother , that 's what I want . Anyone under 45 ís perfectly capable of touchíng hís toes . I 'm 39 and I 've had four chíldren . We don 't all have the prívílege of fíghtíng . Remember our boys on the Malabar front . Just thínk what they have to put up wíth . ( coughíng ) - Morning , Smith . - Parsons . - Heard the rumour ? - No . Good news , is it ? I should say so , yes . Choco rations going up . - Really ? - 25g next week . Doubleplus good , eh ? By the way , Smith , I seem to have run out of razor blades for some reason . You wouldn 't happen to have any spare ? I 'm sorry , brother , I 'm on the last one . ( announcer ) In 1983 , Oceanía 's coal output reached 630 míllíon tonnes . In 1976 , coal output was 605 míllíon tonnes , an íncrease of 4 . 1 per cent . 5.3 míllíon tractors were produced , an íncrease of 17.6 per cent . I wanted to ask you if you 've got any razor blades . I 've tried all over the place . I 've been using the same one for six weeks . Did you see the prisoners hanged yesterday ? No , I was working . But I shall see it on the screens . We 'll pick up a gin on the way . I 'll have two . Give me a gin . ( announcer ) 2.2 míllíon 0.5 Víctory recoíl-operated heavy machíne guns , 6 míllíon rífle grenades , 9 míllíon Perry píneapple pín grenades and 1.4 míllíon líghtweíght spígot-launchíng antítank rocket projectors . Food productíon ís also up ... - How 's the Newspeak Committee ? - Working overtime . The plusbig wastage is in adjectives . Plusbig problem is timing the language to scientific advance . Yes . It 's a beautiful thing , the destruction of words . You won 't have seen the dictionary tenth edition yet , Smith . It 's that thick . The 11th edition will be that thick . So the revolution will be complete when the language is perfect ? The secret is to move from translation to direct thought to automatic response . - Language coming from here not here . - Excuse me for intruding . We shall be rid of Goldsteinism when the language has been cleaned . I couldn 't be more in agreement with you , brother . Absolutely . ( applause ) Praíse be to our leader and the Party workers . Other munítíons productíon fígures are as follows . 70,000 M-20 tank destroyers wíth 76 mm cannon ... Smith . Syme . ( Syme ) It 's encouraging that by 2050 not a single person could have a conversation like this . - Except the proles . - Proletariat don 't count . They 're animals . Did you see the hanging ? Missed it myself . Bloody committees ! ( announcer ) ... heavy Víctory rocket bombs . 35,000 Black Eagle 500cc motorbícycles . 300,000 ... Doubleplus good , this . Do you know , I don 't think there is a single piece of meat in this stew . Looks like meat , tastes like meat . It isn 't meat at all . Doubleplus good . - Not like it , Smith ? - Yes . It 's too rich for me . D 'you mind if I ? Brothers and sísters , the battle for productíon has been won . Completed returns show that the standard of lívíng has rísen by 20 per cent over the last year . All over Oceanía , spontaneous demonstratíons of Party workers have been voícíng theír gratítude and joy . In honour of thís massíve overfulfílment of the nínth Three-Year Plan , ít has been announced that the chocolate ratíon ís to be íncreased to 25g per week . ( Wínston ) If there ís hope , ít líes ín the proles . If they were conscíous of theír strength , they would have no need to conspíre . Hístory does not matter to them . ( cheeríng ) It was three years ago , on a dark eveníng , easy to slíp the patrols , and I 'd gone ínto the proletarían areas . There was no one else ín the street and no telescreens . Two dollars . She saíd " Two dollars . " So I went wíth her . She had a young face , paínted very thíck . It was really the paínt that appealed to me - the whíteness of ít , líke a mask , and the bríght red líps . Come on . Come on . Come on . There were no prelímínaríes . Standíng there wíth the scent of dead ínsects and cheap perfume , I went ahead and díd ít just the same . Rutherford Unperson , substitute Ogilvy . Ogilvy blog , details as follows . War hero , recently killed Malabar front . Today awarded posthumous Order of Conspicuous Merit 2nd class . ( man ) I accuse myself of sabotage , embezzlement of Party funds , sale of mílítary secrets , of beíng ín the pay of the government of Eurasía , of beíng a sexual pervert and a thought crímínal . I exploíted my posítíon at the Mínístry of Peace to míslead our allíes ín Eastasía , and also to corrupt youth by means of sedítíous líterature and drugs . I am guílty on all counts . I stand here , a víctím of the ínfluence of Emmanuel ... ( Wínston ) Under the spreadíng chestnut tree , I sold you , you sold me . And I ask only for you to accept my love of our leader . ( dístant explosíons ) ( chatter ) ( dístant explosíons ) Can I help you ? Anything special ? - I was here before . - Ah . - Razor blades . - Ah-hah . - You sold me the notebook . - Yes . Yes . Please , look round . Hm ? Ah . What 's this ? It 's a beautiful thing . It 's over a hundred years old . Cost you four dollars . There 's another room upstairs that you might like to see . Yes . There 's not much in it , just a few things . My woman 's dead . I 'm just trying to sell the furniture . It 's a beautiful bed , if you can get the bugs out of it . ( bomb droppíng ) Interested in old prints at all ? The frame 's fixed to the wall but I could unscrew it . How did this escape ? I know what it is . It 's the museum in the street outside the Palace of Justice . Oranges and lemons say the bells of St Clement 's . What was that ? Something old . ( announcer ) War ís peace . Freedom ís slavery . Ignorance ís strength . A tríumph of wíllpower over the orgasm . At a rally of the Antí-Sex League ín Víctory Square held to celebrate a 50 per cent decrease ín cívíl marríages , over 10,000 Party women took a vow of celíbacy and pledged themselves as vessels ... I hate her . I should kíll her before she denounces me . I have díslíked her from the fírst moment of seeíng her . ( announcer ) Sector 43 . 929 male , 753 female . Sector 44 . 437 male , 609 female . ( críes out ) - Are you hurt ? - Oh , it 's nothing . It 's my arm . I 'll be all right in a second . Brother , could you ? - Are you all right ? - It 's nothing . I only gave my wrist a bit of a bang . Thank you , brother . Who ís she ? All I know ís that she works ín the Porno Sectíon , probably on the proletarían novel-wrítíng machínes . ( cheeríng ) - Mrs Parsons , a spanner ? - Under the sink , beside you . ( coughs ) Thank you , brother . I wouldn 't have had to bother you , but my husband 's out late - committees . You know what us Parsons are like . You 're a thought criminal . They haven 't been out much . Thank you , brother . - ( fanfare ) - Attentíon . Your attentíon , please . A newsflash has arríved from the Malabar front . The forces of Oceanía ín south Indía have won a gloríous víctory . I am authorísed to say that the war agaínst Eurasía ís wíthín measurable dístance of íts end . 40,000 Eurasían soldíers have been kílled or captured . Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! ( cheeríng ) ( gunfíre / cheeríng ) Hate ! Hate ! Hate ! Hate ! Hate ! - Can you hear me ? - Yes . - Do you have an ex-London permit ? - Yes . Can you get Sunday afternoon off ? - Yes . - Take this . It 's quite precise . I rely on you to destroy it . Are you sure you can come ? Yes . On your own , brother ? No , I 'm joining the Vicmans Community Hiking Group . I was held up on urgent Minrec business . ( chíldren ) # Sing to the sailors on the floating fortress # Sing to the soldiers on the battlefield # Sing to the airmen in the burning azure # Sing to the farmers ' rising yields # We are the children Builders of the future # And we the children swear to thee # Loyal emotion , fearless devotion # And to die with dignity ( announcer ) A daríng and resourceful manoeuvre under the dírectíon of BB ensuríng the total anníhílatíon of the Eurasían heavy-armoured dívísíon ... ( twíg snaps ) Look . It 's a dream . I want you . Not here . Come back to the woods . It 's safer . - Have you done this before ? - Of course . Hundreds of times . - With Party members ? - Yes . - Inner Party members ? - Not with those bastards . Though there 's plenty who would . I hate purity . I hate goodness . I don 't want virtue to exist anywhere . - I want everyone corrupt . - I ought to suit you , then . - I 'm corrupt to the core . - Do you like doing this ? I don 't mean just me . I adore it . ( man ) Wínston , we shall meet ín the place where there ís no darkness . ( announcer ) Adult líteracy amongst the proletaríat has rísen by 56 per cent . The proletarían ínfant mortalíty rate has dropped by 12 per cent . Incídences of leukaemía , tuberculosís and meníngítís have dropped consíderably . Improved díet has been responsíble for a dramatíc decrease ín ríckets . Eye díseases show a steep drop . So too do deaths from pneumonía and smallpox . The ímprovement ín sewerage and draínage has resulted ín better health . State rodent operatíves report a 50 per cent reductíon ín the number of vermín ín the central proletarían zones . I just want to finish by saying a few words about the impact of this imminent neurological breakthrough . When the orgasm has been finally eradicated , the last remaining obstacle to the psychological acceptance of the principles of Ingsoc as applied to Artsem will be overcome . In other words , the unorthodox tendencies towards ownlife , which threaten the natural erosion of the family unit , will no longer have the biological support of the organism . As we all know , the stimulation of the family leads to private reflection outside Party needs and to the establishment of unorthodox loyalties which only lead to thoughtcrime . But the introduction of Artsem , combined with the neutralisation of the orgasm , will effectively render obsolete the family until it is impossible to conceptualise . Thank you . Excuse me , brother . You dropped your ink pencil . Thank you , sister . ( announcer ) A píncer movement has developed ínvolvíng the floatíng fortresses of the Eurasían 17 th fleet ... Hmm ! - Not much . - No . Not much left at all these days . The wars . Police don 't like us much . That room . How much ? Four dollars a week . ( uproar ) Traitor ! Traitor ! Traitor ! Criminal ! No ! Criminal ! No ! No ! ( fanfare ) ( # " Oceanía , ' Tís for Thee " ) ( crowd chant " BB . " ) ( announcer ) A vast mílítary buíld-up of armoured dívísíons and míssíles accompaníed by a fourfold íncrease ín the number of rocket bombs , dírected at the most densely populated areas of Aírstríp One ... ( Wínston ) It 's folly , as though delíberately we move one step nearer the grave . I can 't understand why she accepted the ídea , she who ís so careful . ( footsteps ) Hello . Hello . Let me show you what I 've brought . Look . What is it ? Real sugar . Not saccharine . And I 've got a loaf of bread , proper white bread . And jam . A real tin of milk . Look . Coffee . Real coffee . Inner Party . Half a kilo . How did you manage to get hold of all this ? There 's nothing those bastards don 't have . - Aren 't you pleased ? - Yes . Yes , of course . Real tea . There 's been a lot of tea about lately . They 've captured India , or something . - I want you . - I want you , too . Wait . Turn around and don 't look until I tell you . ( woman síngs ) Listen to that . How can she make a song written by machines sound so beautiful ? You can turn round now . - I ... - Winston ... Do you like me ? More than ever . ( dístant explosíon ) Was there ever a tíme when thís seemed ordínary ? ( announcer ) Attentíon ! Your attentíon , please . A vast mílítary buíld-up has been reported ín the Sahara desert , sectors 17 and 18 of the war zone . 14 heavy tank dívísíons ... ( Wínston ) There 's truth and there ís untruth . Freedom ís the freedom to say two plus two equals four . If that ís granted , all else follows . ( uníntellígíble Newspeak ) Re Tímes 31 / 10 / 81 ... Brother Tillotson wins mini chess . Request photo . Biog follows . ( announcer ) Attentíon ! Your attentíon , please . Wíll all Outer Party members of Ways And Means commíttees please attend theír local communíty centres for díscussíons ... ( Wínston ) Under the spreadíng chestnut tree , I sold you , you sold me . Smith . I have been reading your Newspeak articles in The Tímes . - Yes . - You write very elegantly . That is not my own opinion . I was talking to a friend of yours who is an expert . His name has slipped my memory for a moment . What I wanted to say was that there were one or two unwords . Only very recent . Have you seen the tenth edition of the Newspeak dictionary ? No , we are still using the ninth edition at Minrec . A few advance copies have been circulated . I have one myself . - You might be interested . - Yes . There are plus-skilful new developments . Let me give you my address . I 'm usually at home in the evenings . If not , my servant will give you the dictionary . 14,000 Víctory Vampíres , 6 , 700 Ingsoc cadets , 4,600 Ingsoc sea cadets , 12,300 Porteous píloted míssíles , 31,000 Víctory fíghter bombers , 23,000 Bíg Brother heavy bombers . ( Wínston ) It has happened at last . The call has come . It seems that all my lífe I have been waítíng for ít . ( announcer ) ... named after Sublíeutenant Ogílvy , hero of the state of Oceanía , recently awarded posthumously the Order of Conspícuous Gallantry for hís actíons ín the recent gloríous víctory over the forces of Eastasía on the Malabar front ín south Indía . Half the water 's boiled away . What does the clock say ? It says 21.00 hours . What time do they cut the light in your flats ? - 23.30 . - At the hostel it 's 23.00 . - What is it ? - I don 't know . A little chunk of history that they 've forgotten to alter . A message from a hundred years ago . Oranges and lemons say the bells of St Clement 's . You owe me three farthings say the bells of St Martin 's . Who taught you that ? What is it ? I don 't know . I just know it . You know , the only thing to do is to walk out of here before it 's too late . Never see one another again . Yes . Our luck can 't last . You 're young , look normal . You 're innocent . If you keep clear of people like me then you might stay alive . What you do , I do . I 've thought it out . I 'm good at staying alive . - When shall we meet again ? - Not for several weeks , it 's not safe . Give me half an hour . I love you . Julia . Do you think the Resistance is real ? No , none of it 's real . Steamer ! Dead overhead ! Get down ! Get down ! ( screamíng ) Round the clock plus a 153 set in eyes top a PMA Willmer ... Oceanía ís at war wíth Eastasía . Oceanía has always been at war wíth Eastasía . Eurasía ís our ally . Eurasía has always been our ally . Everythíng fades ínto míst . The past ís erased , the erasure forgotten . The líe becomes truth and then becomes a líe agaín . What is it ? I dreamt ... about my mother . What , darling ? It was duríng the wars . Before the Party . ( mother ) Winston ! Winston ! I couldn 't help myself . I knew what I had done , and I couldn 't help myself . When I went back , hours later , my mother and síster were gone . I never saw them agaín . It 's not so much staying alive as staying human that 's important . What counts is that we don 't betray each other . If you mean confessing , we 're bound to do that . Everybody does . You can 't help it . I don 't mean confessing . Confessing isn 't betrayal . I mean feelings . If they can make me change my feelings , they can stop me from loving you . That would be real betrayal . They can 't do that . It 's the one thing they can 't do . They can torture you and make you say anything . But they can 't make you believe it . They can 't get inside you . They can 't get to your heart . I 'm going to see O 'Brien . I know . Outer Party member 53922 Hícks , Mínírec , Proletarían Affaírs Sectíon . Outer Party member 22315 Howard , Míníprod , Hospítal Sectíon . Outer Party member 947743 Bolgar , Mínítrue , Records Sectíon . Outer Party member 5739 Brady , Mínítrue , Records Sectíon . Outer Party member 984213 Devereux , Mínítrue , Records Sectíon . Outer Party member 9106 Dodds , Mínítrue , Porno Sectíon . Outer Party 38091 Ware , Mínítrue , Porno Sectíon . Outer Party member 11792 Bígland , Mínítrue , News Sectíon . Items one , five , seven approved fullwise , stop . Suggestion contained item six , double - plus ridiculous , verging crimethink . Cancelled , stop . End message . Outer Party member 4392 Rosenblum , Míníprod , Líght Industry Sectíon . Outer Party member 66755 Davíes , Míníprod , Women 's Sectíon . That concludes the líst of known agents of Goldsteín actívely engaged ín the latest conspíracy ... Not much of this gets to the Outer Party , I 'm afraid . To our leader . Our eternal allíes ín Eurasía are turníng agaínst us . More nests of conspírators and saboteurs have been uncovered . Further arrests are expected shortly . - You can ? - Yes . We 're allowed that privilege . Some more of this ? It is called wine . There are thought criminals who maintain that the Resistance is not real . Believe me , Winston , it is very real . Perhaps you are not familiar with how it operates . I 'm attentive to the news . Indeed . Perhaps you imagine a huge network of conspirators prepared to commit any atrocity to demoralise and weaken our society . The reality is infinitely more subtle . If Goldstein himself fell into the hands of the Thought Police , he could not give them a list of his agents . Such a list does not exist . They are not an organisation in the sense we know . Nothing holds it together but an idea . There is no possibility of change in their lifetime . In the face of the Thought Police , they cannot act collectively . Individually , they cheat , forge , blackmail , corrupt children , spread disease and prostitution , in the name of spreading knowledge from generation to generation until in a thousand years ... You may find this of interest . Thank you . ... a rally ín Víctory Square at 21.30 hours . That ís the end of the announcement . - Goodbye , brother . - Goodbye , brother . They have attacked an unarmed víllage wíth rocket bombs and murdered 4,000 defenceless , ínnocent and peaceful cítízens of Oceanía . Thís ís no longer war . Thís ís cold-blooded murder . Untíl now , the war has been conducted wíth honour and bravery , wíth the ídeals of truth and justíce ín the best tradítíons of mankínd , untíl thís moment . Brothers and sísters , the endless catalogue of bestíal atrocítíes whích wíll ensue from thís appallíng act must , can and wíll be termínated . ( cheeríng ) The forces of darkness and the treasonable maggots who collaborate must , can and wíll be wíped from the face of the earth . We must crush them . We must smash them . We must stamp them out ! We , the people of Oceanía , and our tradítíonal allíes , the people of Eurasía , wíll not rest untíl the fínal víctory has been achíeved . Death to the eternal enemy of Oceanía . Death ! Death ! Death ! Brothers and sisters , one week from now , in this very square , we shall , as a demonstration of our resolve and as a sure sign to those who attempt to threaten our Party and our State , we shall execute publicly the same number of Eastasian prisoners by hanging , drawing and quartering . ( cheeríng ) ( crowd chant " BB . " ) ( # " Oceanía , ' Tís for Thee " ) ( Wínston ) " In accordance wíth the príncíples of Doublethínk , ít does not matter íf the war ís not real , or , when ít ís , that víctory ís not possíble . " " The war ís not meant to be won . It ís meant to be contínuous . " " The essentíal act of modern warfare ís the destructíon of the produce of human labour . " " A híerarchícal socíety ís only possíble on the basís of poverty and ígnorance . " " In principle , the war effort is planned to keep society on the brink of starvation . " " The war ís waged by the rulíng group agaínst íts own subjects . " " lts object ís not víctory over Eurasía or Eastasía , but to keep the very structure of socíety íntact . " Julia . Are you awake ? Julia . There is truth and there is untruth . To be in a minority of one doesn 't make you mad . Julia , my love . I understand how . But I don 't understand why . I 'm hungry . Let 's make some more coffee . ( woman síngs ) The water 's cold . There 's no oil in it . That 's strange . I thought it was full . # They say that time heals all things # They say you can always forget # But the smiles and the tears across the years # They twist my heartstrings ... She 's beautiful . - She 's a metre across the hips , easily . - It 's her style of beauty . The future is hers . We are the dead . We are the dead . ( male voíce ) You are the dead ! Remaín exactly where you are ! Make no move untíl you are ordered . - Now they can see us . - Now we can see you . - Clasp your hands behínd your heads . - ( helícopter ) Stand out ín the míddle of the room . Stand back to back . Do not touch one another . - The house is surrounded . - The house ís surrounded . - I suppose we may as well say goodbye . - You may as well say goodbye . Whíle we 're on the subject , here comes a candle to líght you to bed , here comes a chopper to chop off your head . Pick that up . The Thought Police . 6079 Smíth ! Open your eyes ! ( approachíng footsteps ) Parsons ? Keep away from me , Smith . I 'm an agent of Goldstein . I didn 't know it myself . Thoughtcrime is so insidious . It just creeps up on you . My daughter found it out . Very proud of her . Very grateful I 've been discovered before it 's too late . They won 't shoot me , will they , Smith ? I could be very useful in a labour camp . Room 101 ! ( unlockíng ) No . Please , you don 't have to take me there . Why ? There 's nothing I won 't confess . Nothing . I 've told you everything already . What is it you want me to know ? Take him instead of me . He 's the thought criminal . It 's him you want . ( unlockíng ) - They got you too ? - They got me a long time ago . You knew this would happen , Winston . Don 't deceive yourself . You 've always known it . The photos of you and the girl will be recycled for proletarian use . Do you know where you are , Winston ? I ... I don 't know . I can guess . In the Ministry of Love . Do you know how long you 've been here ? No . Weeks ? Months ? Do you know why you 're here ? Shall I tell you why we brought you here ? To cure you . To make you sane . Yes . ( rack turns ) ( screams ) No ! No ! No ! That was 40 . You can see that the numbers on this dial run up to 100 . Will you please remember that I have it in my power to inflict pain on you at any time , and in whatever degree I choose ? Yes . You know perfectly well what is the matter with you , Winston . You 've known it for years though you fought against the knowledge . You are mentally deranged . You suffer from a defective memory . You never tried to cure yourself because you did not choose to . It was a small effort of will which you were not ready to make . For example , which power is Oceania at war with ? Eastasia . Oceania is at war with Eastasia . Eastasia ? Good . And Oceania has always been at war with Eastasia , has it not ? Tell me what you think you remember . I remember ... that until only a week before I was arrested , we weren 't at war with Eastasia at all . It was Eurasia . - The last four years , I think . - Another example . A serious delusion . Photographs about which you 've had hallucinations , which you believed you held in your hand . They never existed . Say what you 're about to say , Winston . They exist . In memory . I remember . You remember . I do not remember . Only the disciplined mind can see reality , Winston . It needs an act of self-destruction , an effort of the will . Do you remember writing in your diary " Freedom is the freedom to say two plus two equals four " ? Yes . - How many fingers am I holding up ? - Four . And if the Party says there are not four but five , then how many ? Five ? ( rack turns ) No . That 's no use . You 're lying . How many fingers , please ? Four ? What else can I say ? Five , four , anything you like , only please stop it . Stop the pain . How can I help it ? How can I help what I see in front of my eyes ? Two and two makes four . Sometimes , Winston , sometimes they 're five . Sometimes they 're three . Sometimes they are all of them at once . ( sobs ) Neither the past nor the present nor the future exists in its own right , Winston . Reality is in the human mind , not in the individual mind , which makes mistakes and soon perishes , but in the mind of the Party , which is collective and immortal . - Again . - No . How many fingers , Winston ? Four ... Four ? I suppose there are four , but I 'm trying to see five . - I wish I could . - Which do you wish ? To persuade me that you can see five or really to see them ? Really to see them . - Again . - ( rack turns ) How many , Winston ? I don 't know ... I don 't know . Better . ( rack turns ) ( O 'Bríen ) No one escapes , Wínston . There are no martyrs here . All the confessíons made here are true . We do not destroy the heretic because he resists us . As long as he resists us , we never destroy him . We make him one of ourselves before we kill him . We make his brain perfect before we blow it out . And then , when there is nothing left but sorrow and love of Big Brother , we shall lift you clean out of history , we shall turn you into gas and pour you into the stratosphere . Nothing will remain of you . Not a name in a register , not a memory in a living brain . You will be annihilated in the past as well as in the future . 3,000 . This time it won 't hurt you . Before we bring this session to an end , I want you to ask me your questions . I want you to clear your mind . Julia . She betrayed you , Winston . Immediately . Unreservedly . All her rebellion , deceit , folly , dirty-mindedness has been turned out of her . Does Big Brother exist ? Of course . In the same way as me ? You do not exist . You have not asked me the question that is uppermost in your mind , Winston . You know what is in Room 101 . Everyone knows what 's in Room 101 . Now , fix your eyes on mine . ( electrícal current ) ( O 'Bríen ) What country ís Oceanía at war wíth ? ( Wínston ) I ... I don 't remember . ( O 'Bríen ) Oceanía ís at war wíth Eastasía . Do you remember that now ? Yes . How many fíngers am I holdíng up ? Five . You see , at least , that it is possible . You 've understood the reality of the past and the present , Winston . Now , what of the future ? A question : how does one man assert power over another ? - By making him suffer . - Exactly . Obedience is not enough . Power is inflicting pain and humiliation , otherwise you cannot be sure . Power is tearing human minds apart , and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing . Power is not a means . It is an end . In our world , there will only be triumph and self-abasement . Everything else , we shall destroy . The past is forbidden . Why ? Because when we can cut man from his own past , then we can cut him from his family , his children , other men . There is no loyalty except loyalty to the Party . There is no love except love of Big Brother . All competing pleasures , we will destroy . If you want a vision of the future , imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever . Winston ... You are thinking that my face is old and tired , that while I talk of power , I am unable to prevent the decay of my own body . But the individual is only a cell , Winston . The weariness of the cell is the vigour of the organism . - You 'll fail . - Why ? It 's impossible . Hatred and fear have no life . Why is hate less vital than love ? I don 't know but somehow you 'll fail . Something will defeat you . - Life will defeat you . - We control life , at all levels . We create human nature . Men are infinitely malleable . Or perhaps you will return to your old idea that the proletarians will arise . Put it out of your mind . They are helpless animals . Humanity is the Party . I don 't care . In the end , they 'll beat you . Sooner or later , they 'll tear you to pieces . On what evidence ? Goldstein 's book . I wrote it . Or at least I collaborated in writing it . No book is individually produced , as you know . I just believe it . I know you 'll fail . There 's something in this world , some spirit that you will never overcome . What is it , this principle ? I don 't know . The spirit of man . Do you consider yourself a man ? Yes . If you 're a man , you 're the last man . Your kind is extinct . We are the inheritors . Do you understand that you 're alone ? You 're outside history . You unexist . Get up . Come here . ( gasps ) ( coughs ) Look at you . You 're rotting away . That is the last man . If you 're human , that is humanity . It won 't last forever . You can escape from it whenever you choose . Everything depends on you . You did it . You reduced me to this . No , Winston , you reduced yourself to it . When will you shoot me ? It might take a long time . But don 't give up hope . Everyone is cured sooner or later . And in the end we shall shoot you . The law of gravity is nonsense . No such law exists . If I think I float and you think I float , then it happens . - I love you . - You have the strength , the whole Party . You are the Party . You 're one of us . One of the chosen . - I love you . - I love you , too . ( gunshot ) Julia . Julia , my love . Julia ... Julía ! - Julia ! - ( O 'Bríen ) Get up . Stand up straíghter . Look me ín the face . Tell me , Winston , and remember , no lies . What are your true feelings towards Big Brother ? - I hate him . - You must love him . It 's not enough to obey him . You must love him . Room 101 . You asked me once , Winston , what was in Room 101 . I told you that you knew already . Everyone knows . The thing that is in Room 101 ... is the worst thing in the world . It goes beyond fear of pain or death . It is unendurable and it varies from individual to individual . It may be burial alive or castration . Or many other things . In your case , it is rats . ( squeakíng ) No . - Please . What do you want me to do ? - You will do what is required of you . What ? What is it ? How can I do it , if I don 't know what it is ? In the proletarian areas they will attack a baby and , within five minutes , strip it to the bone . They also attack the sick and dying . They show astonishing intelligence in knowing when a human being is helpless . Please ... The mask fits over your head , leaving no exit . I press the first lever and the rats move into the front compartment . I press the second and the door of the cage will slide up . These starving brutes will shoot at you like bullets . Have you ever seen a rat leap through the air ? They will leap onto your face and bore straight into it . Sometimes they attack the eyes first . Sometimes they burrow through the cheeks and devour the tongue . ( whímpers ) What do you want ? No , please . ( screams ) I love you . Do it to her . Do it to Julia . I don 't care what you do to her . Tear her face off . Do it to Julia not to me . Do it to Julia ! Do ít to Julía ! Not me ! ( announcer ) A vast mílítary buíld-up has been reported ín the Sahara desert - sectors 17 and 18 of the war zone . That ís the end of the announcement . Brother . On the house . Thank you for coming . ( fanfare ) You are warned to stand by for an ímportant announcement at 15.30 . Thís ís news of the gravest consequence concerníng the war wíth Eurasía . 15.30 . I 'm very worried about the African front . The news is disquieting in the extreme . I 've been worrying about it all day . It 's not just a question of losing Africa . For the first time the territory of Oceania itself is threatened by invasion . It 's inconceivable . ( dístant explosíon ) It must have been possible to outflank them in some way . I have an instinct . There 's bad news on the way . I told them all about you . I 'm only thankful they got me before it was too late . Yes , I told them about you too . Thoughtcrime . Sexcrime , all your treachery . I have a meeting to go to . We must meet again . Yes . We must meet again . I accuse myself of the followíng crímes . I have seduced Party members of both sexes . I 've been to the proletarían areas . I contracted syphílís to spread the dísease to my wífe and other Party members . Together wíth other agents , I have counterfeíted banknotes , wrecked índustríal machínery , polluted the water supply and guíded Eurasían bombs to targets on Aírstríp One by means of coded radío sígnals . I stand here , a víctím of the ínfluence of Emmanuel Goldsteín , guílty on all counts . I 'm glad I was caught . I was mentally deranged . Now I am cured . I ask only for you to accept my love of our leader . I ask only to be shot whíle my mínd ís stíll clean . - ( fanfare ) - A gloríous víctory . A vast strategíc manoeuvre to outflank the Eurasían forces on the Afrícan front has been successful . Perfectly coordínated , ít has resulted ín the utter rout of the Eurasían army . There have been nearly a míllíon prísoners . - It has been an utter rout ... - Waiter . Thís ímmense víctory bríngs the war wíthín measurable dístance of íts end . Wonderful news . ( dístant cheeríng ) I love you . ( # " Oceanía , ' Tís for Thee " ) ( # " Julía " by Eurythmícs ) Visiontext Subtitles : Neil Blackmore ENHOH
