 " The Automobile Graveyard " I will crush all people with my wrath . I 'll trample them in my fury . And the first angel played trumpet . There was hail and fire , mixed with blood . O Babylon , great city , one hour had been enough to consume you in ruin . Enough , enough , enough ! We 're turning around in this hell for nothing , the hydrogen bomb destroyed everything ! I want to see Emanou ! You will see him ; your great idol . They are going to catch us because of you , so calm your paranoia ! OK ? 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 ... Chest ... Breathing ... You have to win the marathon ... 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 ... Are they really going to hold this marathon , after the blast ? Shut up , don 't tire yourself . Keep your speed . You have no more excuses for not training . There is no more radioactivity in the air . I feel it , I know it . We have a connection with the Bunker . You speak , I 'm too tired for that . We haven 't found the cemetery where Emanou is hiding yet . Why ? They all look the same . Where are you ? On the edge of the crater caused by the bomb . There 's a lot of ghost cemeteries , full of emptiness , totally deserted . Do your job : inspect every place with a fine-toothed comb and report back every hour . When we find him , we 'll send the squads to arrest him . He is a dangerous anarchist . That 's for sure . He 's already sentenced . We already know that . Over . Hallelujah , Hallelujah And life goes on . Nothing is lost . Welcome to the cemetery . You can settle in for a very modest price . There 's room for everybody . Cops will never find you in my motel . In Babylon , you can have fun with total impunity . Hallelujah . Why are you arriving so late ? Who do think you are ? And you ? Have you been here for long ? - No , not very ... Aren 't your feet aching ? Mine turned to toffee . That was a real race , to avoid being caught . What do you think about him ? I mean Emanou ? I don 't know how to tell you , Fodère , but it 's odd . You know , the other day ... When he looked at me in the rear-view mirror , I had ... How to say it ... I felt a special warmth , you know . And then ... when he left , it faded away . And do you know what I 've seen written in the mirror ? You don 't know ? ... Freedom . Hey you ! I really thought we were never going to find your fucking cemetery . I 'm so glad to see Emanou and to do forbidden things . Ms and Mr are going to be served . Vamp ! Bitch ! Filthy whore ! Slut ! A new couple just arrived . They just got in . Get your locks . Get your waistcoat . They are going to shag like tigers . Hallelujah ! Hallelujah ! Ask for the playbill , you 'll be glad . We have plenty of choice : Revolting and violent guys from the shallows or horny aristocratic countesses ... Ladies and gentlemen , we can provide you everything you want at the best prices . Idyllic creatures , big-hearted legless cripples , mystical virgins , sadists who brand their slave 's buttocks with iron . I want to see you being read I 'll only do bad things with you . Those damned bells again . Quiet ! Bedtime ! I don 't want to see any stragglers . I want to hear flies ! Did you come to sleep with us ? Quiet ! I don 't want to have to get up tonight like the day before yesterday . It 's impossible to have privacy , here . We don 't want to sleep . Does somebody disagree ? We 're not in a military barrack . Are you people protesting ? We 're praying ! Shut up you filthy pigs . He 's here . Emanou came to announce that God is the only master who lets his creatures choose between good and evil . That 's true . The others impose their laws with police and prisons . Emanou is full of grace and truth . He even enchants scorpions . That 's it , I 've seen him . Fodère . It started again , this stuff with the air bubble . I really feel it nicely . You know , when I am sad , it becomes heavy . And when I am crying , it 's like quicksilver . You are going to betray him . The air bubble is wandering from my brain to my heart , and from my heart to my brain . You have to pay ... if you want to eat . Emanou is here ! Not playing music is hard , but not playing music with an empty stomach is even harder . So , send them away . Tell them to find a village where they can get some food . And stop trying to get us banned . They needn 't go . Give them food yourself . We have two MacDonald 's . Give it to me . Everybody , be seated . And he said ; See the birds in the sky , they don 't love each other and don 't harvest , and are fed by that . It 's Topé who pays to make you pray with your guardian angel . And in the meantime , don 't sell your body . Remember that : God can see everything , hear everything , and anywhere , confound everything . And beside that ? ... God helps us . And make the poo grow . I 'm scum . But , I 'm meticulous scum . I don 't miss anything . Do you really really think it 's a miracle to feed a crowd with two pieces of bread , like Emanou did ? Scientific Marxism did far better than that . I 've been watching you , since Emanou arrived at the cemetery . He was here and elsewhere , far before you . He will always be here before you . You 're my property ! My own whore . And everything that is fishy , odious and miserable , goes through one word : God . Mystical young people , are always more beautiful . I 'm fed up with this prophet 's monkey business . Does he really pretend to be God ? Nobody will follow him . He 's too lonely . Emanou ! Emanou ! Emanou ! Run . Run , comrades . The old world is right in front of you . Can you hear that ? Mystical young people , always more beautiful . They 're dreaming about being happy idiots . You . Be salty , not sweet . I 'll do whatever I have to do for your little sucker 's face , old slithering straw mattress , You get wet for a handsome male like me . Don 't you ? You 've got ears , but you 're deaf . You got eyes , but you can 't see . When the time comes , it will be too late for you to understand . Anyway , I 'm not worried about your snotty kids , who are dazed by hashish and music . Cops are going to make them walk straight . Like it was before the cataclysm . I haven 't brought you peace , but a sword . He who found his life , will lose it . And he who loses his life because of me will find it . Happy will be the upset ones , because they 'll be comforted . Happy will be those who hunger for freedom , because they 'll be filled . You are the light of the world . And you don 't turn on a light to keep it hidden . I didn 't come to abolish , but to accomplish . 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 ... Think about your record . 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 ... He promises to give a concert . He knows it 's forbidden , he 's dooming himself to death . We must be ready in time . This should not ever start again . We must catch him and break him , definitively . The Bunker is counting on us . They are on full alert : ten squads on the job . Do you realize that ? Come on . Chest ... Breath ... Come on . Don 't bend over . Breath ... Breath ... 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 ... It 's the Bunker ! I dreamt that ... turtles ... Shhhh ! Cops are close . I can hear their fear . That is music ! That 's it . Cops are coming . I have to settle down . I can 't at night . But if it were morning ... Let there be light . You 're too much . You 're really too much . Are you crazy ? Help ... You 're insane ... They say cops are coming closer . Do you think Topé is going to betray Emanou ? He 's going to do it for him , not against him . It 's written . You 're going to do what I order you to do . Or I 'll throw your bearded guy to the sea . Not tonight . I don 't want to do it . What 's that ? You don 't want ? I forgive you for rebelling . Should I kick you up to there ? I 'll give you a brandy tasting blow job , my legionnaire . Go ahead . Take the top of his minaret off . Make it snappy ! Put all your arse into it ! Slut ! Milos is getting off ! He got his brothel in the cemetery . He 'll knock up Dila once again . But us , what we like is music ! I can tell Emanou used to know this girl . I 'm sure of it . It was the time he was working as a carpenter with his father . During daytime , because at night he was performing concerts . I 've been told about the birth of Emanou . The cops didn 't want anybody to perform subversive music . They really beat the shit out of us ! His mother , She was engaged with some guy called Joseph ... .. before they started living together , she got pregnant by the effect of the Holy Spirit . There was a donkey and an ox inside the stable where he was born . That killed more idols-to-be than Herod had slaughtered innocent men . When he was born , it was said that they sang . " God be praised in Heaven . And peace on earth for good-willing men . " Mary gave birth to her son , wrapped him in a piece of cloth , and put him in a manger , because there was no room elsewhere . He is so different . My son is divine . I see him so high , so far away . From the Orient , we have seen his hearth shine . And we came to worship him . After his birth , he grew up in wisdom , body height and in grace , along with God and men . I 'll never be able to understand you . Whore for Milos , mystical ballet for Emanou . Your Emanou ... It has been said : When they accept the violence of scandal ... and of its illumination ... the rain will come ... You can 't hear me . You only think about your tiny green slave 's herd . I can feel your heart beating . I can feel the rhythm of your breathing on my skin . But you only think about Emanou . I 'd like you to sleep on top of me . Like a seagull during siesta time . It 's a boy ! It 's a boy . A birth in this fucking cemetery ... It 's the first time . Does that mean that life goes on ? I believed that only turtles could give birth after a cataclysm . It 's a boy . That 's what she wanted ! It 's harder to find a place for a girl in a faggot society ! Keep on jerking off ! You were so beautiful in the fish tank . You looked like the girls from Sion , who were wearing a tiara on the day of their wedding . The rest of the band is starting to become nervous . They feel that the cops are coming closer . The hash isn 't calming them down anymore . We should go away before the concert . Hear me ? You have been speaking about this cemetery for years . The music and everything , but all we have seen is three junk cars managed by a former pimp . Yes , this concert is only a legend and this music is cutting off youngsters from reality . And the worst part is that cultured people like you are taking it all seriously . He wrote : " Let he who loves me follow me " . But me Nobody loves me . Men of little beliefs ! I 've seen him before my eyes in the swimming-pool . I 've seen him . On your marks ! Get set , but be careful , no false start ... Go ! Seeing him walk on the water , the impressed men said : " What can he be , that even water obeys him ? " When is he going to perform his concert ? It isn 't his time yet . I 'm going to cook this omelet alone . Absolon does nothing else other than worshipping you . Tell her to help me . Absolon is right . It has been said that love comes before work . He 's going off . Totally . So love gives beautiful wrinkles and work ugly blisters , huh ? I 'm off . I 'm off . They won 't get me . Dila . The place is closed . The police want to kill Emanou and make an example of his death . Don 't listen to false prophets . It 's the time of the beast . For five dollars only , everybody can fish cod . Hallelujah It 's worse than the bomb . It 's going to break our eardrums . With those moves she does ... Same as a dove ; the spirit came down to him and said : " My beloved son , I put all my trust in you . " After holding a fast for 40 days and nights , the Devil took him with him to show him all the kingdoms and their glory . I promise you fame and glory . Take these wings and jump down . Fans are going to take you in their hands to avoid your feet being hurt . You will not tempt me ! You will hold a fast for 40 days and nights . Now , make this stone turn to fire ! Men need more than bread . I 'll give you glory if while i 'm filming you fall down to my feet and worship me . Vade retro satanas . When I was a kid ... Hey , be careful . When I was a child , I was dreaming that naked slaves , who were only wearing a red towel , were teaching me philosophy . They were caressing your holy body , huh ? Cleaning up your most dirty corners . I should eat him . Completely ; to meld him and myself together . Things would be easier . Take care , pal , you must do what has been wrote . By the way , how did they met , Emanou and Dila ? In a billion litres of water . Hallelujah . Hallelujah . Our illustrious guests can use anything here . For true aesthetes ... We are in Babylon . We have the greatest choices of character to offer you : Centurions in a state of grace , comforting Samaritan girls , adulterous women ready to be stoned to death , and fishermen from the lake of Tiberia . Everything is yours . Babylon is always on the cutting edge . Hallelujah ! Not a light , not a soul . As usual ! Stop complaining and train a bit . 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 ... . Come on . 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 . Jump ! Make an effort . You 're going to break every record . One more ghost cemetery . We 'll never find the one where Emanou is hiding . That puts me down in the dumps . These are deserts forgotten by men . We 'll never find who we 're looking for . Come on . Jump . 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 . " Love each other " ... Great solidarity , absolute availability ! We should eradicate this chaos . Jump ! Come on ! I will crush them like cockroaches ... Find their cemetery . Come on . Jump . 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 . He mustn 't give this last concert . It would be chaos . The triumph of vice ! Did you hear ? Come . It was too much for him . He let himself be caught like a swallow . What a bad trip . Cops tailing you ... To come upon the cops in a ghost cemetery ... He must have been very stoned . He was going to the cemetery scared by the idea of never hearing music again Anyway the bloody coppers really snafued him . They really made a mess of him . It doesn 't matter . Every single grain of sand is part of the cemetery . He wouldn 't have been killed if you had been there . You are the resurrection . He who believes in you will never die . Get up , Lazarus . Stand up and walk . They 've waited too long for their concert . Now they see miracles everywhere . I don 't believe in this resurrection of Lazarus . Wait for the rain . It will never rain , sweety . Since the cemetery is there , and guys like me have been in charge of it , not a single drop of rain has fallen from the sky . It 's going to rain . And Milos will be drowned . I 'm fed up with you and your filthy animal . Listen carefully ; If your God really existed , I would go and quietly spit on his boots , to make them shine . He really can do everything . Unless we all dreaming . Lazarus ... Here , my darling ... Come on ... He told them : " A good tree can 't bear bad fruit " . As he was walking down a back-alley , a blind man came to him : " Be merciful , son of the light ... " 1 ... Hold tight . 2 ... Again ... 1 ... Lift it . 2 ... Come on . Don 't be lazy . You have to lift more weights or you 'll never break the record . Come on . Once more . Brush me , my love . Make it shine . I need it . My giant is crying . Don 't even think about it . We are the authority . And anyway , I don 't know you , sir . The Bunker to all squads : We haven 't located Emanou yet . Don 't forget he is a very dangerous anarchist . We must arrest him at once . His death must be an example for all his accomplices . I want to sleep . Smell my candelabra , Lasca . OK , but only once ! Would I be able to buy the whole of humanity by myself ? Without anybody 's help . tell that to Centurion . Are you planning the future of your protégé ? I 'm planning the great sacrifice . Mine . I would be the real Savior . I would accomplish my task . And God knows it 's a despicable task . In 2000 years , I 'll be in the latrines of history . I don 't understand a thing . But I used to know your friend very well He kicked me out of the Crazy Times ... My temple . I 'm the Devil . I 'm the fallen angel . Go ahead Mr Topé . Drink some good coffee to forget your bad thoughts . What is easier ? To tell a paralyzed person : " It 's because of your sins , " or to tell him : " Stand up , and walk . " Hallelujah . Hallelujah . The great ecstasy ... You can buy or sell everything . And make the one of you who never sinned be the first to throw a stone at the slut who sells her body . You 're in Babylon ! Dila is held by her pimp , so she sells her body . But what about you ? It 's too hot to be in the game . And we 're lacking music . You always preferred noise over being in the game . Noise is already music . The old ones are still in the race . They 're all over the fucking place . Is there an available Chrystler , I 'd like to take a nap . Over there . Do you now what he said the other day ? " At the beginning , God created the sky and earth " . Pretty , don 't you think ? The whole thing started like this ? They had explained it to me in a more complicated way . All these stories about cosmos ... He also said : " The everlasting God created man from the dust of the earth , and he blew in his hands the breath of life . And man became a living creature " . I hope we can continue to have fun . He said : " We should be as children " . It 's going to be difficult . We 'll try . He took off the bandages and she was cured . Hey , Topé . You know we are the last two who 've kept their eyes open , in this last shelter that God shat accidentally after the cataclysm . I 'm dreaming ... about being attacked by tanks . They 're firing at me . I 'm in the midst of the two armies , totally naked and painted green . I 'm slowly falling from the sky . Everybody hates my guts . And on top of that , they say I 'm a paranoiac . When are they going to open ? Two more miracles and that 's it . Yeah ... I split ! I 'm out of here . I 'm fed up with all this . I should have never come here . I 'll be fine when I 'll be alone ... There will be nobody there to contradict me . Nobody to see my weaknesses . How blissful . Farewell . Some lights , at least . This traitor , Topé , gave us fair information . We 'll make a small celebration for Emanou . A nice celebration . Try this . OK . With this , they won 't notice you . So . I 'm on my way . It 's not finished . You brought us to the cemetery , but ... If you want , I can tell you a dream . My mother made me sit on a chair . The colonel was trying to make a hole in my head with a lancet . To remove the stone of madness . We still don 't know where Emanou is hiding . Emanou ? He will be at the forbidden concert tonight . He will be the one singing . I 'm going now ... You 'll have your money only after . Cash money . I promise . I 'm going now . Bye . We must call headquarters . There will be no concert . Don 't you think we have better things to do ? No , and no ! It 's no good for you and it will make you weak . Just a quickie . In your mouth . The " hula hoop " one is good for me . I told you no , and no ! Anyway , we have no quiet place to go to . Hey ! This time , I also had a dream . I dreamt that ... I disowned him three times before the first cock crowed . Be good ! Be pure ! Emanou really makes miracles . Yes . To give music and dreams to thousands of people is a real miracle . He 'll probably do it again . I hope he won 't pay for all of us , and lose his life . Stop fucking knocking . I 'm here . You 'll break the car . Don 't look at me like this , I 'm a civil servant , but I 'm not made of wood . I 'm not like the others , my sweet ... One more shagging couple . Mister and Madam , please follow me . We have a car that Mr will enjoy . Silent mattress , romantic and if you wish to play the mirror 's game , my wife is at your disposal . Emanou ! Emanou ! Can you hear them ? " Emanou ! Emanou ! " Actually ... The best way to punish men is to give them what they ask for . No , old pal . They want to enjoy . Here and now . And during this time , Emanou is speaking about graciousness . I don 't now ... I want to shout at them : Fuck each other now , before he fucks you . Watch your ears : they have walls ! What are you doing here ? The concert is not starting yet . It 'll start soon , but not yet . Topé , we must save Emanou . Somebody brought the cops in . I don 't know who fingered him but ... Milos looks happy . It 's not good . I don 't trust your lack of belief . Why ? Because ... You 're crazy about his guy . I don 't understand what 's so great about him . On top of that , he 's only talking insanities . He told me my eyes are the same as doves and my hair is the same as a flock of goats . My mouth is as a purple line . My neck is as the tower of David and my navel is as a wine filled cup . My breast is the siblings of a gazelle , sleeping in the lilies . It 's going to rain . It 's going to rain ! This guy is awesome . I 'll always be the first to stand beside him . The first one is Dila . A lot of firsts will be lasts . And a lot of lasts will be firsts . What 's the use for men to win the world ? If they win they destroy their own life . I won 't be able stay here anymore after the concert . Later ... Every time you eat bread , you will think about me . I just heard him ! He was sitting at the table with his open-mouthed fans . " I 'm not only the voice , the truth , and the life , I 'm also love and freedom ! " , and so on ... He 's everything ! How dares he ! And then after , he had a great thought : " The absolute and without ulterior motive , renunciation of violence is the necessary condition to the survival of humanity " . He 's too much , huh ? To be too much is like starting to create , no ? When my dog was watching me sitting still in the shadows , he used to bring me a rabbit 's foot . I was tying the foot with a string and making him run . He had strange jumps , it was funny . But one day , he stopped . He stared at me and I understood that he was bored of running and was doing it only to please me . What are you saying ? I 'm fed up with these parables of yours ! Can you explain yourself just one fucking time ? What 's this dog story ? Who is this dog ? Is that you ? Is that Emanou ? I split ... Hey ! You know what he also said ? That he was going to wash their feet ! I 'm going somewhere else . And I won 't be coming back . And he said : " I won 't be with you for much longer . You are going to cry , and to feel sorry , as a woman giving birth . But after she gives birth , she will forget the pain . I achieved the work I was supposed to do . " I heard they are going to arrest Emanou . No . He 's getting ready for the concert . It rained yesterday . I don 't want you to touch me anymore . That 's something new ! I want to be a virgin for the concert . They 're going to send the squads immediately ! Not yet . There 's more important things down here . And when it 'll come , spread it all over , even on the ears ! It 's the last time . You 're going to be sick ! Once again ! You 're lecherous ! Lewd ! Fodère ! Listen to him ! Listen to me ! It 's fucking obvious ! What he says is so simple . It 's so simple even a five year old kid could understand . Excuse me but , the two concert organizers are here for you . For me ? Yes . They fuck so much they don 't know what that 's all about , anymore . The concert is going to start , you must call the Bunker . We must be ready when Topé fingers him . One more time . Just one more , I swear . Do me the same as last . And press with your thumbs . It 's burning me . OK . But it 's the last time . Don 't ask me anything after that . Fuck ! Stop that . Have you seen this little prick ? What do you want ? He 's a real pain in the ass , isn 't he , Lasca ? What ? I you want to catch him , it 's now or never . I 'll go close to him ... and I 'll kiss him ... And he 's yours . We 'll give you the money only at this moment . Go now . Hey ! Listen to me ! Hey ! Calm down calm down I need to speak . Your Emanou is going to come , to give a forbidden concert . But , don 't destroy what belongs to the community , you social misfits . I dreamt ... You dream too much , and always about the same thing . Always about the garden of delights . And you spread apart while people stick roses up your arse . Piss off , Fodère . You 'll never understand anything . You 're not an artist . You 're a lout . It 's hard to redeem humanity all by yourself . You want me to tell you the truth ? Your concert will never happen . And I 'm sure they 're going to pay me with a rubber cheque . They 'll never understand me . I will be misunderstood . History is going to rip me to shreds . Tiossido and Lasca calling for the Bunker . Can you read me ? We have found the place where Emanou is hiding . I 'm on my way . Mystical young woman ... Always more beautiful ... And Emanou said : " You send them prophets and apostles , and they will persecute them . Father , why did you abandon me ? The time has come . I 'll drink the chalice to the dregs but I 'd like it to be quick . " Emanou is coming to give his concert ! He unveiled all the secret things since the creation of the world . He is the light and the one who 'll follow him will leave all darkness . With him , I feel as protected as a little girl under a mushroom . He is our horizon , our dream ! They knelt him down and they flagellated him . I fingered the son of man by a kiss . They didn 't pay me cash as agreed , but with a rubber cheque . It 's my sacrifice that will save them . But they 'll never understand . They put a crown of thorns on his head . According to the custom , they could release a prisoner , and there was a famous one , a bandit called Barabal , who invented a torture place called a ' gulag ' . Who are you going to save ? Barabal or Emanou ? Barabal ! Barabal ! But he had said : " My kingdom is not of this world . " They drew lots for his clothes . This is how what was told was fulfilled , they shared his clothes . And he proclaimed : " Eli Eli , lema sabachtani ? " which means : " My God , my God , why have you abandoned me ? " He left earth and was taken to heaven . Translation : aquasantajoe for cinemageddon Timing : brettlv5506 for cinemageddon
