 By all that 's sacred , what is this ? There 's something going on in this town . They 're taking our cars . Who ? There isn 't anybody driving . That sample doesn 't contain any of the blood cells a human should have . You 're gonna bring help down here to Earth ? I 'm going . You above all must not be risked . Our satellites are picking up high-beam transmissions . What does it sound like ? Like nothing I 've ever heard in my lifetime . ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica . Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : NARRATOR : Here are some scenes from Part 1 of " Super Scouts " : Our atmosphere and our gravity is not exactly the same on Earth . Because the force of gravity on Earth is less than that on Galactica , you 'll be able to jump higher and run faster . ALL : Yeah ! Get the children to the shuttles . We won 't be going back to the fleet . You 're about to be the first children from the stars to set foot on the planet Earth . AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER : Control centre to 427 : You are now in range of Omaha center on 550 : Look out ! ( PASSENGERS SCREAMING ) Captain , what was that ? I don 't know . It 's happened again , Colonel . They almost hit a jumbo jet : Have you got it on radar ? Until I can check the tapes , I can 't be sure about anything . Get my plane on the apron in ten minutes . It 's almost daylight . There 's just enough fuel left in the shuttle to re-launch it . Launch it where ? Into space . But it 's our only ship . We have no choice . From now on , children , we 're on our own . I 'd like to exchange this auric , uh , gold , for some local currency . Where did you get this ? What did you do with your hand ? Nothing . Look out , Harry , he 's got a gun ! Everybody remain calm ! Don 't anybody move ! You did what ? It 's called robbing a bank . May I help you ? Yes . I need clothing for twelve young people . Tell me everything you need . Twelve of everything . TROY : They 're looking for us in flying machines . So we have to get out of the area . Colonel , we 've searched everything within a 15-mile radius . We don 't come up with anything except a bunch of Boy Scouts camped in those woods . Did you say Boy Scouts ? Hurry , Captain , everybody 's getting sick . What is it ? These children are dying . Oh , dear , what happened ? We need space for these three children . Of course . In there . It reads out as some sort of poisoning . Can 't identify the toxic chemicals . So we just wait around and watch our children die ? This is where they stopped and satisfied their thirst . What is it ? Murder . Forgive me , but I can 't help feeling insulted by this accusation . You are pouring waste products into that lake . We ran tests . With your Boy Scout field kits ? You 're all dying . Dying ? I want every single one of the Boy Scouts picked up . And that includes those phony scoutmasters . The sheriff 's on his way to arrest you and the children . NARRATOR : And now , Part 2 of " Super Scouts " : GIRL : Hey , there 's Troy and Dillon . TROY : Okay , children , we have an emergency . Another one ? What are you eating ? I told you don 't try anything unless you had permission . It 's all right . I identified it . As the seed-bearing fruit that grows on a deciduous tree . It 's called an apple , you frimp . Look , never mind that , now . We have to pack up . There are some people on their way that want to find us . The Cylons ? No . These people are called police . They won 't hurt you . But right now , they have a lot of questions we can 't answer until all the children in space are down on Earth and safe . Now , you all remember the practice that you had with your force fields to make you disappear . Oh , we get to disappear ? You sure do . Troy . ( SIRENS BLARING ) Okay , we 're out of time , children . I want you to grab your packs , put everything you can into them . Now , I want you to jump up into that tree . DILLON : Now , let 's go . ( SIRENS BLARING ) CHILDREN : Come on , come on , come on . ( BEEPING ) Come on , children . Jump into the tree . CHILD 1 : Look at that . SHERIFF : Gone , clean as a whistle . CHILD 2 : Here they come , be quiet . You say something , Collins ? No . But it looks like we 're in the right spot . Here 's what 's left of a camp fire . Neatly doused to prevent fire . Well , at least they act like good scouts . ( SCOFFS ) Acting is what they 're doing , too . GIRL : Frimp , give me your apple . If those are Boy Scouts , I 'll eat my hat . You all right , Sheriff ? ( CHILDREN GIGGLING ) It 's awful early in the season for apples to be falling out of the trees . Especially when it isn 't even an apple tree . Probably , one of the scouts just left one up there . We 're going to seal off this entire county . We 'll see who 's going to have the last laugh around here . ( CHILDREN LAUGHING ) Who 's laughing ? None of us , Sheriff . That came from nowhere . They 're in these woods , some place . And we 're gonna stay out here and find them . I don 't care if it takes all night . Come on . DILLON : All right , now . That 's the last time we take you anyplace . You 're behaving like children . TROY : Dillon . Yeah ? TROY : They are children . DILLON : With all they 've been through , I keep forgetting . Come on , everybody down . It 's now or never . GIRL 1 : This is going to be great fun , riding in an Earth vehicle . GIRL 2 : Move over , you 're sitting on me . GIRL 1 : Well , how did I know ? I can 't see you . BOY : I wanna operate this vehicle . DILLON : Get your hands off that steering device . I 'm driving . They 're taking our cars . Who ? There isn 't anybody driving ! ( CHILDREN LAUGHING ) COLLINS : There 's nobody driving them , Sheriff . Hey , come back here ! Sheriff , that Air Force fellow who came all the way out here when they heard that UFO sighting ... Garbage and nonsense . Even he knows that . What if it wasn 't ? What if some kind of creatures have landed ? You 're not talking about little kids . Sheriff , haven 't you ever seen any of those body-stealing movies ? You mean these creatures are trying to take over the bodies of little children ? Oh , yeah , maybe they 're small creatures . Maybe they need small bodies . Collins , you need a vacation . You may feel different when you try to explain how we lost two police cars and were pelted by half-eaten apples from out of nowhere . Come on , boy . We got a long way to walk . ( MONITOR BEEPING ) ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Sorry to bother you . I was wondering how soon the children might be able to be discharged ? Their parents are getting quite concerned . I 'm not surprised . Well , then . When do you think ? Maybe never . What ? They 're not getting any better . They 're not improving . What 's more , these children weren 't normal to begin with . What an odd thing to say . They seem perfectly normal . Take a look at this . That 's a blood sample from one of the children . But I can 't identify those cells . And if I go according to my textbooks , then ... Then what 's in that blood doesn 't even exist . That is odd , perhaps ... What 's more , that sample doesn 't contain any of the blood cells a human should have . Ah , then , that is interesting . Interesting ? The Mayo Clinic would go nuts to examine these children . It would make all the medical journals in the world . Is that what 's important to you ? No , I 'm interested in saving their lives . But don 't you see ? I have been trying to get some attention in this town about this problem since I got back from medical school . But no one will listen to me . You want to do something that 's important ? Forget about your article on flying saucers . Tell this story . The story of this town . Get it out that we 're better off broke than dead . Miss Hamilton , would you like to see what this is all about ? Very much . I was just on my way out of town . Now , what 's on your mind ? Off the record . Any way you like it . There 's something going on in this town . Tell me all about it , Sheriff . I first realized we had a problem that was directly traceable to the chemical plant when a couple of kids burned themselves trying to put out a fire they started here , quite by accident . So , they were playing with matches ? No . No , they were throwing small stones at the old riverbed , because they can get sparks when the stones hit the soil . What is that ? Flint ? No , that 's what you would think , but it 's the chemicals in the soil . Around here , a small child 's bicycle tires wear out in a matter of weeks . Tennis shoes even faster . From when the old riverbed is used to deposit residue from the plant ? That 's right . The waste products are quite literally burning the shoes off our kids ' feet . The same thing happened near Niagara Falls and in Virginia . Oh , no . Friends of yours ? No , they work out at the plant . Word must have spread . You having a picnic , Doc ? He 's showing me how to make fires without even trying . What business is it of yours ? I 'm with United Broadcasting News . So , it 's going to start all over again ? Doc , when are you gonna learn to keep your big mouth shut ? I asked the Doctor to show me what was going on . Lady , butt out . Hey , don 't do that . She 's just doing her job , Denver . Yeah , at the expense of ours . You remember how long we were all out of work the last time somebody made accusations . Six months . Now , you just march your little fanny out of here . Move ! I told you . You don 't tell nobody nothing . DILLON : I wouldn 't do that . Well , now we get the two we really came to find . I feel it 's only fair to warn you that I 'm used to a much denser climate . Consequently , I 'm capable of retaliating in a way that would be grossly unfair to you . ( ALL CHUCKLES ) Close his mouth . I 'll handle this one . What happened ? He 's not hurt . I picked a soft landing spot . You were saying . I say we can take them . Come on . Unless , you guys wanna be out of work for a year , we close them down now , before they close us down . Come on ! That 's far enough . Hold it right there or you 're fired . Every one of you . I told you men I would handle these people my way . This lady 's with the press . She 's making it her business to close our town down . Go on back to the plant ! There isn 't going to be any press story . The Sheriff is going to take care of these trespassers . Yeah , sure he is . I said , go ! Come on . Right , now , we pay the sheriff a little visit . We can 't do that . That was not an invitation , that was an order . Either you follow me to the police station , or I get on my C.B. and get the police out here . All right , let 's go see the sheriff . I 've got a few complaints of my own . What 're you going to do ? You can 't go to the Sheriff . He 's already looking for you . How 'd you get away from him anyway ? Oh , we just took his police cars . You what ? It 's okay . We put them back where he could find them , after we went for the bikes . Do you know how much trouble you 're in ? You 've got to get out of here . How can we ? We still have three children back at that clinic . Ladies and gentlemen , the sheriff awaits , and I grow impatient . Hopeless . So , whatever we have in this town , it 's one for grand theft auto , suspicion of kidnapping ... And bank robbery . COLLINS : Part of the money turned up at a department store where the thieves bought twelve Boy Scout uniforms and some equipment . Now we got them , Sheriff . VALERIE : Breaker , breaker , Dr : Spencer , are you out there ? Yeah , Val , what is it ? I 've been trying to reach you . You 've got to get here as fast as you can . All right , Val , calm down . What is it ? It 's the children , the scouts . They 're dying . Hey , where are you going ? TROY : What is it ? It 's the children at the clinic . It doesn 't look good . Troy , we have to get there . Don 't try anything fancy . I 'm sticking with you no matter what . And I 'm gonna tell the sheriff what 's going on . SHERIFF : Collins , you heard anything from them road blocks yet ? No , sir . I just have to figure they 're still in the county . Of course . They can 't leave . What ? They can 't leave , Sheriff . The children are in the clinic . Clinic ? Heck , if they kidnapped them kids , they wouldn 't worry about leaving them behind . They probably drugged the kids to keep them from talking . No , Sheriff , they are not drugged , and those are not ordinary children , and that 's why there 's no record of them . Come on , let 's go . It 's just like I told you . Them body-stealers have moved into those poor unfortunate ... Knock it off , Collins . I want you to alert all units . Tell them to stop searching the cars and close the highways . Close them ? You heard me , I said close them till I get to the bottom of this nonsense . Doctor , I didn 't know what to do . ( FLATLINING ) Chemical shock must have been too much for him . His heart went into fibrillation , then stopped . Does this tell you anything , Mr. Stockton ? Oh , come on , our plant didn 't have anything to do with this . I mean , not certain . No , and we can 't be certain that ... Doctor . He 's still breathing . No , it 's just because the machine is on . His brainwaves have stopped . He 's legally dead . Legally dead ? There is no absolute criteria for determining death . Even when there 's no chance of a patient ever really recovering , these new machines can sometimes sustain a person 's heart or lungs indefinitely . Dillon , you know what you have to do . Troy , how can we , with the Air Force already on alert ? We have no choice . What 's he talking about ? Where 's he going ? Look , I know how you feel , but there is no chance . Where we come from , death is a threshold far beyond this child 's condition . Thanks to you , by our standards he lives . I don 't understand what you 're saying . Where is it you come from ? They told me Cleveland . We need a vehicle to maintain these machines . Well , the machines are portable . But I can 't hold off three children in my car . We can in yours , Mr. Stockton . Hold them till we get where ? I mean , I wanna help , but I can 't have a company vehicle being used as an ambulance by people who would just as soon sue us out of business as look at us . You 're talking about the life or death of this town . I 'm talking about the life or death of this child . Where do you want my truck ? Dillon , what are you going to do ? Send for help . You 're gonna bring help down here to Earth ? Jamie , you have to go to the children . Stay with them . Make sure they 're not harmed or frightened . All right . Where are they hidden ? Lieutenant Dillon to Galactica , emergency transmission . Lieutenant Dillon to Galactica , emergency transmission : Lieutenant Dillon to Galactica , emergency transmission : Lieutenant Dillon to Galactica , emergency transmission : Lieutenant Dillon to Galactica , emergency transmission : Dr. Zee , we 've just received ... Yes , Adama . I heard the coded transmission . We have a difficult choice . Whether to risk the lives of all our people to save one child . Yahrens ago , I almost resigned my leadership because of the agony of decisions such as this . This time , I 'll spare you . I 'm going . You ? You above all must not be risked . I above all have the best chance at succeeding . I will show you . ( ADAMA GASPS ) ADAMA : It 's finished . DR. ZEE : Almost . That 's truly equal of the Cylons war machines ? More than equal . They only copy . They see what we do and try to better it . What they cannot see is that which a human spirit has yet to imagine . Dr. Zee , with a force of these antigravity ships , we could regain our planets . We have only one , and no resources to build more . Then of what use is it ? It will save a single child 's life , and give us better opportunity to observe our Earth brothers . Must you go ? I alone understand this new ship . If this is our future , then I 'm going with you . Troy , the sheriff just pulled up outside , and that Air Force guy is with him . Doctor , you have to delay them . I can 't do that . Just have your nurse hold them off until we can remove the children . Why ? You said it yourself . You can 't save them . We can . Well , if you can save those children , then you 're from a lot farther than Cleveland . Yes . Valerie , tell the officers I 'm performing minor surgery and I 'll be with them in a few minutes . Thank you , Doctor . While we 're waiting , Nurse , maybe you can tell us something about the children . How are they doing ? Children ? The Boy Scouts that took ill . Oh , well , I 'm afraid you 'll have to ask the Doctor about that . Really ? Well , that doesn 't sound too promising . Why , is there some kind of complication ? As I said , you 'll have to ask the Doctor . How are you guys keeping that machinery going ? We have our own energy source . Which we 'll run out of if we don 't get to the top of this mountain . Top of this mountain ? What kind of hospital are we going to ? Advanced . Very advanced . Come on , sheriff . Where are you going ? Find out what 's happening . Wait a minute , you can 't go in there . You haven 't scrubbed down . Dr. Spencer . What 's the trouble out here ? We would like to see the children , Doctor . Well , I 'm afraid that 's impossible . We put men on the moon , Doctor . Nothing is impossible . If you want me to , I will scrub down and put on a mask . But I don 't think that 's really necessary , is it ? All right , Doc , what 's going on here ? The children are gone . Where ? Well , I don 't know . That 's the truth . How did they leave here ? What kind of vehicle ? Well , it 's ... Doc , you know those people that came into this town pretending to be Boy Scouts were imposters ? I knew there were certain irregularities , but I don 't think ... Did you know the two men robbed a bank ? I find that very hard to believe . Now , then , what kind of vehicle they have ? Turn here . Turn here ? There 's nothing up this road . Used to be an old Nike base , but not the kind of place you 'd open up a fast food franchise . I mean , it 's abandoned . It used to be abandoned . Breaker , breaker . This is Sheriff Ellsworth to all you truckers . Keep an eye out for a van from Stanford Chemical : The occupants are armed bank-robbers and are holding children as hostages : Do not attempt to apprehend : Notify me on your emergency channel : Out : Talk about a prime fool . You and your gab about helping people and stopping pollution . You 're bank-robbers . You 're kidnappers . That isn 't true . No ? Meaning you 're not armed . Then I 'm free to turn around and check this out . TROY : Keep going . No . You 're the good Samaritans . Now , I wanna be one . I 'm gonna get us a police escort . Great . Now what ? Now I drive . I hope nobody saw us make that turn . TROY : According to the map , there 's an old abandoned government installation up here . ( SIREN BLARING ) No , I don 't believe in little green men . I 'll bet the answer to all this is little green dollars . ( BEEPS ) Captain Troy to the Galactica , emergency transmission . Captain Troy to the Galactica , emergency transmission : Colonel , I thought you 'd wanna know right away . Our satellites are picking up high-beam transmissions from your area . What does it sound like ? Like nothing I 've ever heard in my lifetime . It 's positively eerie . Fine , what does Intelligence say ? They 've checked the Palomar Observatory , the Army , Navy , CIA . Even commercial radio . There 's nothing to explain it . And the trouble is , we can almost pinpoint where it 's coming from : Good . I want you to track it right down . Colonel , there 's more . Apparently , the signals are being beamed two ways . From Earth and back down to Earth . Back down to Earth ? What do you mean ? Back down to Earth from where ? Straight up , Sir . Straight up ? As for the sending signal , it 's been pinpointed to be emanating from a small peak in the San Angelo Mountains . Government land . Good , Major . You keep me posted on this . Sheriff , get your dispatcher to get me Vandenberg Air Force Base . ( BEEP ) Have a heart . What are those things ? Well , the gate 's open . It 's for sure nobody 's gone up this road on wheels anyway . Why this big old baby must have been knocked down by some lightning . Look at them char marks along there . ( EXCLAIMS ) That turkey 's still hot . Fresh lightening , eh , Sheriff ? And I don 't see a cloud in the sky . This is Jay Johnson , Colonel , the National Guard . I want that tree cleared and I don 't care how you do it . Yes , Sir . All right , get the anti-tank weaponry . On the double , let 's go . Did we do the right thing ? Look at these children and then ask me that . Still , I don 't see how they 're gonna get a rescue team in and out . The last transmission said it wasn 't gonna be an ordinary rescue team . What else could they send ? They couldn 't have ... They can 't be ready yet , can they ? Couple more minutes , Colonel . We 'll be through and on our way up . Toward whatever it is you expect to find . Okay move out . Let 's go . Stay here , Mr. Stockton . We don 't want you to get hurt . Hurt ? We don 't want you in the wrong place when it comes down . When it comes down ? What 's happening ? Holy cow ! You guys are Venutians ! Venutians ? Let 's get the children . Come on , Mr. Stockton . Don 't take me away . Maybe I was a little careless about not testing the water , but ... Come . Good to see you , Captain . You did well . Where are the other children ? They 're coming . ( SIRENS BLARING ) Come . Why don 't you take that kid in and then come back and get this kid ? I said come . Not that I 'm afraid or anything . The glory of the universe is intelligence . Never be afraid of discovery . Come . I hope you 'll tell them guys that I didn 't personally hurt these kids . Colonel , I got the awful feeling we 're getting close to what you 're looking for . Yes , sir , Sheriff . Dr. Zee . The child lives . The others , too . We didn 't dare risk taking the time to bring the other children . The boy 's life was slipping away . You did well . But the risk increases with every moment we stay here . SYDELL : Faster , Sheriff , faster . Why are we stopping ? I don 't know . We 've lost power . Well , then I 'll ride in one of the trucks . ( IGNITION TURNING ) Lieutenant , make room up there for me . Colonel , I 'd love to have you aboard , but right now we 're trying to figure out why this truck just stopped dead . Not this close . Not this time . Colonel , that 's a good mile up there ! Jake , bring your men and come on . Commander Adama , if I may intrude . This is Mr. Stockton , the man responsible for the chemical byproducts we mentioned in our transmission . Ah , yes . How do you do , Your Honor ... Majesty , Eminence . I only work there . I 'm not really responsible . We are all responsible . We are ? Yes . We have lips so that we may speak , we gave eyes so that we may see . Does it not follow ironically that there must be some purpose for the brain ? Commander , as lieutenant , it may not be my place to suggest , but ... No , go ahead . Well , those computron simulations that Dr. Zee prepares for us . For instance , the visual image of how the Earth would be destroyed by the Cylon Empire if we did not lead them away . Is it not possible ... To show your Mr. Stockton what will happen in his community if attitudes and events are not drastically altered ? Yes . Mr. Stockton , would you like to see a brief glimpse of your future ? Oh , I don 't know . I don 't want to put you to any trouble . Computron scanners , direct all stimuli and report feeds to the year 1990 . Hey , I can see this is going to be a big deal and I know you guys wanna get back to ... ADAMA : The ship is designed to sample a vast area at once . Literally to profile a detailed scan of every organic thing within a given radius . Sort of like a medical check-up . Yes , you might say so . But additionally , this ship can sample trees , soil , livestock , all metals . That 's kind of like spying . Whose side are you on ? The side of the human race , Mr. Stockton . Well , is there another side ? Some other time . What do you say ? Your attention to the screen . This is now the year 1990 . The population density based on projections is now filled in most of the valley , bringing with it air-quality problems that are aggravated by the industry 's return to coal as fuel . The scanners hypothesize a day in late March , or early April that year , in which your family , Mr. Stockton , will be called upon to bear a heavy loss . Don 't tell me I only got ten years . Hey , I 'm in great shape . That 's me . I 'm okay . I 'm alive . What did I tell you guys ? Wait a minute . Why am I crying ? Who is it ? My daughter-in-law is there , my wife , the doc here ... Sheriff . Not my boy . Not Jimmy . Jimmy Lee Stockton , born in August of 1960 , will die , all things being equal to the course of events now projected in the spring of 1990 . No . No way . Please ! Statistically , it is certain , if he continues to work in the purificationery of your plant , that his system is exposed to the chemical dioxins on a daily basis . In time , your own research will conclude these toxins destroy the human body 's natural resistance . Of course , it is possible that circumstances could alter these events . What circumstances ? What can I do ? Merely divert the waste out of the water supply , and store them in non-corrosive containers . You have , as a starting point , the knowledge that these wastes are lethal . Intensify your research program into final disposition of those wastes . These are possibilities , but , uh ... COMPUTER : Alert ! Alert ! Intruders approaching : We have to leave . Wait ! What about my boy ? What about our town ? If these circumstances are altered , will we be all right ? If you follow my instructions , perhaps . I 'll do my best . That is all anyone can do . All stations prepare for ascent : Escort Mr. Stockton . Factoring coordinates for sixty microns and counting : What about the children ? The inevitability of a Cylon holocaust grows stronger every hour . Boxey , you must find a place for all our young . They 'll be safe here on earth . Grandfather , when will I see you again ? When the time is right . SHERIFF : Hey , Colonel , wait up . I 'm an old man . You 're gonna kill me . I got to get up there . Can 't see . What the ... Can 't see a thing with this mist . Well , it was clear just a minute ago . Vapor . It literally creates its own rain storm . It ? Their ship , Sheriff . What do you mean by ship ? Nothing , Joe . It 's just a figure of speech . Get in , Mr. Stockton . You 're going down the mountain . You 're going with me . No , you won 't be seeing us for a while . They 'll never believe me . I 'll be locked up as a raving lunatic . What am I going to tell people ? What do you want to tell them ? About the terrible mistake we 're making . I have to warn everybody . I got to save my son . Then that 's what you should do . SHERIFF : This is the law : You are surrounded : SYDELL : Now , where did they go ? Where did who go ? I was just out for a little drive . ( DEVICE BEEPS ) Now , where are they , Mr. Stockton ? I want to go home . There 's only one road in or out of here , Colonel , and we were on it . I know . Hey , Collins , why don 't you get the Colonel and I a cup of coffee , and then get the state police on the phone for me . Sheriff , before you talk to them , you might want to take a look at this . What the ... The note said that there was more than enough gold there to repay the bank for its losses . And I double checked , and it 's about twice as much as was stolen . Where did you get this ? On the front seat of your car . I found it on the highway along with the other one . I 'd like these analyzed , Sheriff . And just what do you think you 're going to find out , Colonel ? Well , lot more than you 'll find with the state police . You might as well give up the search , Sheriff . They 're long gone . You really think them people went up in the air , don 't you ? Of course not , Sheriff . We know that 's impossible , don 't we ? I got to take a rain check on the car . I 'll see you later . Take care , Colonel . Uh , Sheriff ? You believe any of that stuff he was saying ? What stuff ? Well , what have we here ? That 's what we wanna know . What are they ? They 're called waffles . You put some syrup on it and they taste real good . They look like the Galactica : They look ew . It looks good . Now , listen , you 're gonna have to get used to what you have to eat on on the table . But first , I think we should say a silent prayer of gratitude on behalf of Moonstone , Starla and Jason . Are they all right ? Yeah , they certainly are . ALL : Yay ! ( CHILDREN CHATTERING ) So , what 's going to happen now ? We have to go . What do you mean you have to go ? I just received a communiqué from the Galactica : We have to go on a special mission . What about the children ? Oh , they shouldn 't prove to be much trouble . We 'll get back as soon as we can . We knew you 'd understand . We do have a job to do . You ... You mean me ? The children ? Oh , no . Thank you , Jamie . Kids , we have to do something for a few days , but before we leave , I 'd like to take a moment to tell you how proud both Troy and I are of the way you 've conducted ... ( ALL GIGGLING )
