 What does he mean he 's never driven before ? Quite possibly they don 't have cars where these men come from . Where don 't they have cars ? DILLON : Haven 't you people ever heard of anti-gravity travel ? No , we 're not from Earth . Wonder if my coming here wasn 't a huge mistake . JAMIE : You can travel through time ? How dare you come into my life with ... With people that disappear . ( GUNS FIRING ) Go to turbos and let 's get out of here : A permanent home in Nazi Germany . Nice . ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica . Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : NARRATOR : And now , Galactica 1980 , Part 2 : But first , here are some scenes from Part 1 : Troy , I got a message for us to report to the Galactica : I 'm almost finished . Just putting away some personal effects . It 's true , then , about us landing on Earth ? I don 't know . It is Dr. Zee 's contention that Earth is not yet capable of defending herself against her enemies . If we land , we will bring destruction upon Earth as surely as if we had inflicted it ourselves . Dr. Zee . If we cannot go back because of a new Cylon force behind us , then we cannot go forward . What do we do ? Simply give up ? We veer the fleet away from Earth before the Cylons realize she was our goal . The visual signals from Earth show quite clearly that she is a warring planet , whose warring factions could be as dangerous as those of the enemy behind us . Then how do you propose that we enlist Earth 's help ? We will send down teams who will work without revealing themselves to Earth 's general population . Mr. President , whoever , whatever it is , has entered our airspace . We have to assume they 're hostile . Troy , there 's something coming up at us and it 's very fast : Roll off and hit your force shield : Skipper , they just disappeared off my radar screen : Hey ! You turkeys pull off . We want to talk to you . You must have us confused with somebody else . My name is not Turkey , and neither is his . Pull over , wise guys , or we 'll run you over , got it ? Ready ? Ready . DILLON : Surprise ! Is there any chance that you 're going near the Pacific Institute of Technology ? We 're going to see Dr. Mortinson . The Dr. Mortinson ? Yes , yeah , we had difficulty with our transportation . Look , maybe I can give you a lift . Does your machine fly , too ? Come on . Yes . GUARD : Miss Carlyle , this is Security : Two people have broken into the building . If they 're with you now , just say , " Good morning , Jack . " Good morning , Jack . TROY : We would like to leave the Doctor a message . What if he doesn 't understand the message ? Nobody on Earth could have done what we did with that formula . He 'll understand . Halt or I 'll shoot ! Did they say who they were ? I don 't understand why you 're so interested in hoodlums . These hoodlums , as you call them , may be as important to mankind as the coming of the Messiah . I 'd like to tell you something about them , Doctor , but I don 't think what I know would make it worth your while . Tell him you 'll meet him . But it 's not what he thinks . You want a crack at that job ? Tell him you 'll meet him . Listen , Doctor , I 'd be glad to meet you . Annie , quick , we 've been trying to get Mortinson on film for weeks . The last thing we need is a lot of attention . Our ships are what are gonna get all the attention , if we don 't get back and charge those energizers . Yeah , well , first we 've got to get out of here . Got a light ? ( DOG BARKING ) Golly ! Come on , Skip . Let 's go tell Dad . NARRATOR : And now , Part 2 of Galactica 1980 . Mommy , Daddy , I just saw a real spaceship . Willy , look what you just did to my clean floor . And what 's the idea of slamming the door when you entered this house ? But I saw a real-live spaceship . You take those shoes off . And then sit down at this table and stop behaving like some wild animal . What 's the spaceship look like ? It 's long and it 's got a giant air scoop on the front , and space guns and ... Walt , are you gonna let him carry on like that ? He 'll have her believing it . Willy , how many times have I told you not to make up stories ? I 'm not making it up . Come and see for yourself . Young man , you sit right back at this table and eat your dinner , or I 'm gonna have to have a real serious talk with you . I 'm trying to have a serious talk . I really saw it . All right , I 'll tell you what , Son , if you eat all your vegetables and help your mother clean up that mud you tracked in , you and I will go out there to look for your spaceship after dinner . Wait till he sees it . Jamie , this radio mike will pick up everything you and the Doctor discuss about his connection with those terrorists . We 'll be following you with a long lens mounted on this camera in the truck . I 'll do my best . Okay . Al ? She set ? All right , you 're on your own . Stay with her , Dave . Jamie . Don 't do it , Jamie . The Doctor 's a good man . I thought you were in jail . Hey , where did those two clowns come from ? I don 't know , but I 'm getting a good signal . Save the tape . They can 't be important . It 's the Doctor I want . You 've got to get those journalists away from here so that we can talk to the Doctor . I can 't , I 'll lose my job . How 'd you get out of jail ? We escaped . You mean , I 've got two escaped jailbirds right on camera ? Troy , that must be him . Okay , just keep walking . Give the illusion that you 're going through with the interview . I am going through with it . This is my first break . Dr. Mortinson ? Yes , Miss Hamilton , I expected you to come alone . These are the two gentlemen you wanted to talk about . Well , I thought you were ... Oh , yes , of course . Walls do not a prison make . Especially for people like you . Now , if I 'm correct in my assumption , and I almost have to be , there 's no one on the face of this Earth who could have stood at my computer and do what you did today . No one on this Earth . What are they talking about ? Walls , prisons , computers . Nothing stuff . What 's the matter with that girl ? Why doesn 't she dump those two guys and get on with the interview ? This may be the most important greeting in the history of mankind . I 'm very flattered , but why me ? May I suggest that we find someplace else to talk , Doctor ? We 're being observed . You bet you are . And I 'm not letting you guys out of my sight . My car is right here . Now , wait a minute . Miss Hamilton , forgive me , but I think we should do this without you , thank you . Whither you go , I will follow . Or I 'll call the police and turn in your license number . Could you hurry ? Time 's important . ( TIRES SCREECHING ) Follow them . Willy , this is making me mad . Now , I 've told you not to make up stories . It isn 't a story , Daddy . Really , I saw them . You can ask Skipper . All right , Son , this has gone far enough . We 're going home . And when we get there , you 're going to get a little lesson in not telling the truth . Skipper ? Skip ? I said come on . Skip ! Skip ? ( BARKING ) Daddy , look ! Let 's go . Adama , your grandson was to have reported in long ago . We 've heard from all the others . Xavier , please be patient . The folly of the whole plan is so desperately dangerous , I cannot agree . Not exposing this planet Earth to our enemies is in the best interest of our Earth brothers and ourselves . That I agree with ! But we have other means . A tool we have sought for generations and possess , thanks to our young genius . If you are referring to the time warp synthesizer , I cannot agree . The whole concept of time travel is extremely dangerous . Forcing a whole civilization forward beyond the speed of light , pushing it back into the past . It 's never even been tried . Adama , what could be more vital to the speeding up of Earth 's civilization and by going back into her past and introducing scientific tools hundreds of Earth years earlier ? We know nothing of the consequences of changing that which has already been . Then we 'll find out . I could lead an expedition into Earth 's past . We could introduce electronics , flight , atomic energy . Let me at least present it to the council for a vote . The council has never overruled Dr. Zee . He has never been wrong . It has never been this critical . Side with me . I am a great leader . I could deliver us a planet capable of saving us now . Stay with him , Al . Still behind us . Here , let me drive this thing . Slide over back . Dillon , have you lost your mind ? You 've never driven one of these machines . I mean , it looks easy . I 've been watching him . What does he mean he 's never driven before ? Quite possibly they don 't have cars where these men come from . Where don 't they have cars ? Look out ! ( HONKING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( TIRES SCREECHING ) Dillon , will you right this machine ? Get it down , get it down , turn the wheel . Turn the wheel . Dave , keep that camera going . This is fantastic . ( SIRENS BLARING ) Come on , keep up with him , Al . Take your foot off the accelerator . The what ? The pedal on the floor . Dillon , now . Dave , stay on that lead car . This is fantastic . Dr. Mortinson is being kidnapped live on Instant News : Dillon , will you stop this machine before you kill us all ? I don 't suppose it flies , does it ? Flies ? What 's he on ? No , it 's a simple internal combustion engine which turns a drive shaft that rotates wheels . Talk about primitive . Haven 't you people ever heard of anti-gravity travel ? ( SCREAMS ) ( DEVICE BEEPING ) Troy here . This is Commander Adama : Return to the Galactica at once : Crisis condition : Galactica out : Who 's he talking to , his service ? I hesitate to ask . Well , what 's a Galactica ? Doctor , if I can ask you to keep what little we 've discussed in confidence , we 'll have to arrange to meet again as soon as possible . What about the formula in my lab ? It 's incomplete . I must have the rest . Just consider this a beginning , a token of our good faith , if you keep your silence until we return . When will that be ? Don 't worry , Doctor . You may be willing to work on faith , but I 'm staying with them right to the end of the line . That is impossible . You try and lose me and I 'll blab everything I know . Troy , our first mandate was to remain incognito from the masses . Well , you 're doing a great job of that . Dillon , this is hopeless . No , it 's not . The terrorists apparently made good their escape out the rear door of the store before the police could surround it . However , Dr. Mortinson , the object of the kidnapping , is safe . Right now he 's being questioned by the police . ( MAN CHATTERING ON POLICE RADIO ) No sign . I don 't see how they did it . But they did . Let 's go and report to the Captain . Okay , I give up . How did you guys do that ? We haven 't time to explain . And this time , I 'm driving the machine . Hey , that 's a police car ! Good , they 're very fast . Drug runners , spaced-out drug runners . It 's the only thing you guys could be . Jamie , this is where we say farewell . Oh , no , not until I get the whole story . Get in , Dillon . We can 't stand around and argue . ( JAMIE SCREAMS ) ( TIRES SCREECH ) What are you guys , Martians ? Close . Let 's go . Doctor , any comment ? I 'm fine . They did me no harm . Troy , we 're late . Maybe not . Maybe the energizers just ran down . You should be all right now . " I should be all right now . " Are you crazy ? No , I 'm crazy . That 's what they 're going to say . Jamie . Don 't " Jamie " me . How dare you come into my life with ... With people that disappear . Flying motor scooters . They 're turbines . Don 't get picky with me . I want to know who you are and what you intend to do about this mess you 've gotten me into . ( POLICE SIRENS BLARING ) Troy , what is that ? We have to go now . There . You hear that ? The police followed us . Come on . Where do you think you 're going ? You have turned me into a fugitive wanted by the law as an accessory to kidnapping , terrorism , and I am not going to take this rap alone . So , either you explain what you 're up to to the police , or I go with you and get the whole story for my station . Exclusive . And with film at 6 : 00 . Film at 6 : 00 ? Skip it . Let 's go . Troy , I don 't think we have any choice . I mean , if we leave her , she 's got to say something . And it 's not going to be good for us . The spaceships were right around here someplace , Sheriff . Uh-huh . Sorry I didn 't believe you , Son . Now I know how you felt . I can 't understand it . I know they were right here in the north side of the meadow . Uh-huh . Hang on : Why ? You 'll see : ( ENGINE RUMBLING ) What 's that noise ? Daddy , look ! Couple of shooting stars or jets or something . Look , Mr. Griffin . I haven 't got time for all this . Not shooting stars . Even Skipper knows that . All right , Mr. Griffin , why don 't we just go back into town , fill out a report ? You know we saw them , Skipper . And I 'll bet you they come back someday . You wait and see . Maybe this wasn 't such a good idea : It 's too late : Well , I don 't like to tell you your business , but there isn 't any land down there : What happened to Earth ? Behind you : What went wrong ? TRO Y : Nothing , yet : Look , isn 't it about time you told me who you are ? Who you 're with ? Who we 're with ? I figured you for some sort of super NASA or CIA guys : But you aren 't , are you ? No , we 're not with them : We 're with them : Oh , my Lord : COMPUTER : Incoming Vipers : Acknowledge . No , wait . Respiratory readout on that first ship indicates two people onboard . COMPUTER : Correct : Chromosome count indicates a female : Get me the Commander . What is it ? The Battlestar Galactica . The what ? Our home ship : Hang on : Yes ? Vipers returning from Earth , sir , but they 're not alone . They 've brought someone with them . That 's strictly against orders . It 's just a possibility they may be in some kind of trouble . Have them brought to my quarters the moment they arrive . It 's as big as a city . She 's more than a city . She 's had to serve as our planet . Then your last planet wasn 't Earth ? No , we 're not from Earth . Wonder if my coming here wasn 't a huge mistake . Our Commander 's gonna feel the same . Well . Captain Troy , Lieutenant Dillon and guest . I hope you realize the serious predicament you 've placed us in ? They didn 't have any choice . I 'm Jamie Hamilton . You 're ... I am Commander Adama . Would you mind repeating that ? What is that ? It 's probably some kind of recording device . She seems to be associated with Earth 's communication media . I see . I assume you had no choice other than to bring her with you ? I insisted . That 's right . Your recall order was battle urgent . Left us no alternative . She would have exposed what she had seen . I suppose we 'll have to deal with her as best we can . I warn you that abusing the press is dealt with very harshly where I come from . ADAMA : You 'll be treated well . That had a certain ring of permanence about it . I only came here for a story . Unfortunately , our mission to present-day Earth has to be suspended . Present-day Earth ? Commander , we were making progress . We got to Dr. Mortinson . Oh , yes . And ? And if the rest of the scientific community is as receptive as he was ... We 'll discuss this later . Right now we have an emergency . Commander ... Would you please put that recording device away ? Thank you . Commander Xavier has commandeered a ship and returned to Earth in the year 1944 . If Earth isn 't advanced enough to help us now , what does he hope to accomplish back in 1944 ? Well , he intends to advance Earth 's technology today by introducing superior weaponry far in the past . Wait a minute ... Am I to understand that you can travel through time ? Yes . Look , time is just another dimension of space . You 'll have to explain time warping later . Right now , we 're not quite sure what we 're up against . We know little enough about present-day Earth . Her past is a complete mystery . Dr. Zee will brief us as much as he can on what limited knowledge we now have . Follow me , please . Wait a minute . Are you guys serious ? You 're really going to travel to Earth 's past ? I mean , is that really possible ? Like the Commander said , he 'll explain later . But I might be able to help . Jamie , time travel requires a lot of preparation . If you don 't know exactly what to expect , it 's very dangerous . For everyone . But that 's the whole point . Who knows more about Earth 's past than a person from Earth ? The Commander won 't even consider it . Dillon , I 'm a reporter . This could be the greatest story in history . And you heard that guy . He 's going to put me on ice up here indefinitely . Wherever you guys are going , I 'm going . You wanna bet ? Dr. Zee , surely it 's out of the question . The situation is deadly enough without dragging a civilian into it . On the contrary , our knowledge of Earth 's past grows with every hour . But our two warriors must leave at once . If she 's truly a student of history ... Student ? I had a straight " A " average . She might be able to tell us about the period known as the 1940s . The 1940s . That was a time dominated by World War II . World War II ? Yes , you see , the First World War was known as " the war to end all wars . " But it didn 't work out that way . Then , 20 years later , in 1939 , World War II broke out . What caused it ? Basically , it was a struggle for power . But it was also a struggle between various political philosophies , with United States , Great Britain and her Commonwealth , China and the Soviet Union on one side , against the fascists of Germany , Italy and Japan on the other . It literally involved every continent on Earth . DR. ZEE : You see , Adama , she can be of vast help to us . Well , as usual , Dr. Zee , you are right . DR. ZEE : Time distance coordinates will place Xavier in a small hamlet in a place called Germany , ruled by a group of people called Nazis . Are you familiar with them ? JAMIE : Oh , yeah , they were real sweethearts . Why would this Xavier choose them to help ? They were already into rockets ahead of everyone . Then that 's why . By moving their capabilities ahead , he could most quickly change the face of today 's Earth . ( SIGHS ) Captain Troy , see that she 's outfitted . Yes , sir . How 'd you like that ? Don 't bother me , I 'm praying : Time travel was discovered to be made possible by the theory that once you exceeded the speed of light , you go back in time : Is that anything like Einstein 's theory ? What did he say ? Essentially he said that if you could move fast enough , you could go on a trip and get back home before you left : Or thousands of years after you left : That 's exactly right : Now all we have to do is accelerate back against the Earth 's rotation until we 've undone every rotation that 's occurred since the 4th of June , 1944 : You ready , Dillon ? Ready : My clothes ! They 've turned white ! My Lord , we 're dead and gone to heaven : Not quite : Don 't worry about it : That 's the material synthetic fiber 's reaction to the time warp : DILLON : It has to do with magnetic stress loads : Are we all right ? What happened ? We moved through the fourth dimension into another time : Then this is really : : : Yes : Our scanners followed Xavier 's trail as clearly as if he 'd simply walked across a meadow : Fighter , sir . Probably the 423rd fighter squadron ? No , sir , there are only two . Reconnaissance . American bombers . When will they let up ? There is nothing left of Berlin . I have heard that our new super rockets will be ready soon . If we can convince the Führer to support us . He has others trying to convince him to build more tanks and U-boats . Soon we 'll have planes that don 't even have propellers . I would like to see the faces of our friends , the Americans , the first time they engage the new Luftwaffe . Sir , our interceptors are about to engage the Americans . Two planes . That won 't take long . Uh-oh : I see them : You know , this could be a little hard to explain : I suggest we spend as little time with them as possible : That 's right : Knock the rotten Nazis out of the sky : We can 't do that : You mean you can 't outfight an old bunch of piston airplanes ? Jamie , we can 't change things : Those pilots probably have descendants who would suddenly cease to exist in the future : ( MACHINE GUN FIRING ) What 's that stuff coming out of those ships ? They 're called bullets , you dummy : Now do something : You must have some kind of weapons : She 's right : Go to turbos and let 's get out of here : Let 's do it : Mein Himmel , those were not American markings : We have been firing at our own experimental aircraft : GERMAN PILO T : If any of you say anything to the Colonel , you will personally answer to me : Understood ? That 's a very good trick . How long will it stay like that ? Until the energizers wear down . Or about 24 of your Earth hours . And if we don 't get back in time ? The Nazis will probably find the ship . A permanent home in Nazi Germany . Nice . You insisted on coming along . The population center where our scanner placed Xavier is just beyond those woods . That 's a long walk . I don 't suppose you 'd consider using the bikes . I didn 't think so . ( PLANE ENGINES ROARING ) Come on . Hey , you miserable ... Come back here . That 's one of ours . DILLON : Not anymore . He 's alive . We 've got to help him . What 's she doing ? We 're not supposed to get involved . She 's getting involved . ( SOLDIERS SPEAKING GERMAN ) It 's all right . I 'm an American . Sure . I 'm Bugs Bunny . No , really . We just landed here . We ? Hello . You 're Americans ? I 'm American . They 're from ... Forget it , we don 't have time . There 's a vehicle back there with armed men . I 'm sure they spotted my chute . Look , I don 't know who you are . I can 't take a chance . You 're gonna have to find your own way out of here . Hey , nice man . SOLDIER : Halt ! Halt or we shoot ! ( GUN FIRING ) Halt or we shoot ! Just put up your hands ! Set it to stun . JAMIE : Look out ! What did you do to them ? Gave them a matching set of headaches they 'll be talking about forever . We 'd like you to work with us . We need information about that town . Peenemünde , that 's all I know . I doubt it . What 's an American doing bailing out of a plane with British markings ? Why is that significant ? My name is Major Stockwell . I 'm an instructor . Sure . See , if I recall , the American and English Air Forces worked independently . Except for a few special missions involving spies or sabotage . Peenemünde was a rocket base , wasn 't it ? That 's a secret known only to Allied Intelligence and the Germans . Which are you ? Let me say this another way . Either you work with us or your mission 's over . ( TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING ) Get back . What 's that ? I don 't know . Troop movements , I think . Over there , quick . Come on . ( SHOUTING ORDERS IN GERMAN ) No , that isn 't troop movement . It 's what 's called the Final Solution . Those people are being taken to concentration camps . Most of them will die there . Women and children ? What could they have done to deserve that ? Nothing . Hitler used a campaign of hatred against a people called Jews as a means of explaining away all the problems of his country . It obviously wasn 't true . It was just a diabolical way of uniting all the dissidents in Germany . By the time they found out what Hitler really stood for , it was too late . If this is what they do to people , maybe we ought to let Xavier do his worst here in Germany . No . Those men with the swastika armbands are the kind of people he 'd be bringing to power throughout the world . Who is this Xavier ? Gestapo ? Galactican . Look , lady , you 're making me very nervous with all this strange terminology . What , you think you got a problem with terminology ? When can we get moving ? Get moving ? We got to help those people on the train . Can 't do anything , Jamie . We 're not supposed to be here , remember ? If my contact is in town , we wouldn 't dare go till after dark . Troy , Dillon , it 's a little girl . She 's coming right at us . Halt ! You get the guard , I 'll get the girl . ( GUARD YELLING IN GERMAN ) You were supposed to set it to stun . Feldercarb . I thought I did . Whatever your intentions , you really fixed it good for us to stay here . Come on , get out of here . ( MUSIC PLAYING ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) ( GREETING IN GERMAN ) ( SPEAKING GERMAN ) A mutual friend of ours in London said I might be able to find a rare copy of The Moon and Sixpence here . ( REPLIES IN GERMAN ) Enter , quickly . Now , I have never heard of The Moon and Sixpence : I had to find some way to alert you . The correct password is Marseilles . You might have got yourself killed . The Gestapo is turning the town upside down looking for us . Who are these people ? Americans . Don 't count on that . These guys have weapons I have never seen before . And no explanation for how they got here . In the middle of the most guarded bastion in all of Germany . We have explanations . They 're just very complicated . To say the very least . They did help me escape from some German soldiers . The Gestapo is very clever . I 've even seen them shoot one of their own to establish credentials with our underground . What about this child ? Soldiers were trying to put her into a large ... JAMIE : Boxcar . It was terrible . Yeah , we hear stories about these things . Most of the people are not permitted to see what is really going on . We have learned that tomorrow the military is launching a new rocket . Germany is entering the 21st century . ( VEHICLES APPROACHING ) ( WHISPERING ) Gestapo . We 're finished . We can pull him through with us . Jamie , hold the child close and remember your briefing . What kind of cowards are you hiding behind this child ? Trust us . ( KNOCKING AT DOOR ) It 's too late . You can 't stop her . ( SOLDIERS SPEAKING GERMAN ) ( SPEAKING GERMAN ) There are too many of them . ( SPEAKING GERMAN ) ( SPEAKING GERMAN ) TROY : Your turn , Dillon . DILLON : Right , Troy . DILLON : Who says man can 't fly ? ( THUDDING ) TROY : Jamie , leave him alone , so he 'll get out of here . Who said that ? Who said that ? I warn you . I am an expert shot . ( MOANING ) Help me . Don 't look at me so stupid . I 'm wounded , help me . We 've got to stop them . They 're taking the little girl . We can 't interfere . I can . No . We have to find Xavier . He 's obviously here because of the Germans' new rocket technology . He 's probably helping them . Who are you guys ? No . What are you ? This may sound trite , but we 're brothers , all of us . And we 're just as anxious to stop that rocket test as you are . For our own reasons . Can you take us there ? Yeah . But I was supposed to get help from the old man and the underground . Now , we 're gonna need papers and uniforms if we 're gonna get anywhere near that test site . We 'll get them . And Jamie , we 'll find a way to help all these people . That I promise you . Okay . Let 's go . ( GRUNTING ) ( SPEAKING GERMAN ) General Yodel . This is a great pleasure . And a great day for Germany . Beautiful , isn 't it ? In minutes , she will land on London . It 's just a crude pulse jet . TROY : Is that what all this concern is about ? Considering its expense , and the small warhead , it has done little but frighten a few English civilians . Yes , but this is only the beginning . What you will see today is the second generation . The V2 . Programmed to land where we want her to land . And to carry a payload that is the beginning of the end for the Allies . We came here to get something new . Something called the V2 . Of course , the V2 . It almost changed the course of the war . Almost changed ? Why are you always talking in the past tense ? This is no time to be correcting grammar . Now , let 's do whatever it is we 're going to do . We have to find Xavier . The time for the test is quite close . We must move to the safety of the bunker . Yeah . Surely , come . This is the English scientist I mentioned to you , General . Dr. Xavier , I understand you were able to provide a few minor aids to our cause . Minor ? I should say I made this entire event possible . The English are such a modest people . It 's curious . We follow your scientific ranks quite closely . I don 't recall ever seeing a Dr. Xavier mentioned as part of the British Rocket Program . Yet , here I am . And the proof of my competence stands out there .
