 We have at last found Earth . Two unidentified flying objects on radar . Bring them down . Hey ! You turkeys pull off . My name is not Turkey , and neither is his . Pull over , wise guy . DILLON : Surprise ! MAN ON TV : Two demonstrators were apprehended trying to break into Peace Prize winner Donald Mortinson 's laboratory today after beating up a security guard : My Lord . How can you have a problem with a simple set of fingerprints ? Well , come see for yourself . There ain 't no ridges , there ain 't no valleys . They may be as important to mankind as the coming of the Messiah . ( BEEPING ) Huh ? ( EXCLAIMS ) ( SIREN WAILING ) ADAMA : The great ship Galactica . Majestic and loving , strong and protecting : Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : Scouts and electronic surveillance confirm that we have reached our haven , that planet which is home to our ancestor brothers : Too many of our sons and daughters did not survive to share the fulfillment of our dream : We can only take comfort and find strength in that they did not die in vain : We have at last found Earth . You wish to see me , Dr. Zee . DR. ZEE : The transmissions continue to disturb me . Our tenacious pursuit of Earth has been founded on her ability to help us defeat our enemies . I now believe we have visible proof that the Earth is not scientifically advanced enough to help us . We cannot land . Dr. Zee . How can I tell my people that ... That we cannot end our journey ? All those who survived , all those who were born in space as you were . We are here . We are within reach of Earth . So are our enemies . Our enemies ? We haven 't seen the forces of the Cylon Alliance in a billion star miles . Because they haven 't wanted us to know they were there . What are you saying ? That they simply let us lead them to the last remaining humans in the universe , the people on Earth , in order to destroy them . No . What have I done ? I led them here . ADAMA : Dr : Zee had been born to us in deep space : A prodigy : A cerebral mutation far in advance of our own intelligence : His wisdom had delivered us from our enemies countless times in the past : Now , he wished an assembly of our senior warriors and counsel : We would gather at once : We made it . Hi . We made it . Easy , easy , kids . You 're gonna singe those circuits . Troy , I got a message for us to report to the Galactica : I 'm almost finished . Just putting away some personal effects . It 's true , then , about us landing on Earth ? I don 't know . Why did they ever call you Boxey ? It 's just a name that my mother and father always called me . I understand I was quite a little terror when I was younger . You 're not considered any pushover now . I guess your father was about the best warrior our people ever had . Yes . TROY : They were good people . The best . Troy ... Yeah . Is something wrong ? Everybody 's worried . About what ? About why we haven 't landed , why we haven 't contacted Earth . Sometimes you just can 't drop in unannounced . Then there is a problem . There might be . ADAMA : The planet Earth is the third outermost planet of nine planets orbiting a single sun . Its proximity to the sun provides the only climate in the galaxy comfortably able to support life as we know it . Seven-tenths of the Earth 's surface is covered with water . ( ALL MURMURING ) However , there 's plenty of room for all our people . The land masses are divided into seven principle continents , twenty percent of which are unpopulated deserts . Two contain polar ice fields . Now , all of these areas could easily be reclaimed by our technology . But there is disquieting news . Dr. Zee . Thank you , Commander . This is one of the seven continents on the planet Earth . It is known as North America . This is a population center in the western sector of that continent known as Los Angeles . What 's that odd-looking brown haze hanging over the city ? Must be some sort of defense shield . DR. ZEE : It is now early in what Earth time is recorded as the late twentieth century . You are seeing long-range scans of a city of 7 million people going blithely about their business . These are vehicles called automobiles , their primary means of transportation , utilizing a primitive power mode known as the internal combustion engine , which burns a fuel called gasoline , derived from petrochemicals , the decomposed matter of things that lived millions of Earths ' years ago . Those automobiles sure don 't move very fast . No , but it 's a nice , neat formation . It must require a lot of practice and discipline . If you will all watch closely , what you are about to see will alarm you . However , remain calm , for it is intended to inform you . ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) No , what you have just seen has not happened ... yet . It was merely a computer simulation of what could happen if we were to go ahead with our proposed landing on Earth . It is Dr. Zee 's contention that Earth is not yet capable of defending herself against her enemies . If we land , we will bring destruction upon Earth as surely as if we had inflicted it ourselves . Commander Adama . Dr. Zee . If we cannot go back because of a new Cylon force behind us , then we cannot go forward . What do we do ? Simply give up ? We need time to bring Earth to a level of technology that can help us . And where do we get this time , if we 've brought the Cylons to Earth 's door ? We veer the fleet away from Earth before the Cylons realize she was our goal . And how does that bring Earth into our own century of development ? I propose that in any case we could only bring her along , slowly , unobtrusively . After we have decided who we can trust on Earth to help us , rather than annihilate us . Annihilate us ? The visual signals from Earth show quite clearly that she is a warring planet , whose warring factions could be as dangerous as those of the enemy behind us . Then how do you propose that we enlist Earth 's help ? We will send down teams who will work without revealing themselves to Earth 's general population . I suggest we approach Earth 's scientific community as a beginning . Key men who are in a position to accept us and our knowledge , independent of politics , who truly desire peace , and will use our technology wisely . Boxey , the cold , hard truth is that there is no central government on Earth . There is no single leader with whom we can make contact or negotiate . Well , that 's impossible . Then how do they get together for their common good ? They don 't , as far as we can tell . Oh . Exactly the way I feel . But we can take heart in the fact that we could have found a completely totalitarian government on Earth . As it is , we know that there are pockets , large pockets of freedom . And they are the ones we must seek out . Well , how do we keep the wrong people on Earth from knowing we 're there ? Well , as usual , Dr. Zee has come up with some interesting new devices , which I guarantee will confound our Earth brothers . How can you be so sure ? They confound me . We have endeavored to equip you and your languatron translators with as many of Earth 's terminology and customs as we could perceive by monitoring their broadcasts . However , there will be gaps in your knowledge which may expose you to danger . To help you , I place in your keeping my latest innovation . As you all know , each color and sound has its own frequency . Some of which are too high to be perceived by the human eye or ear . By generating a nuclear field , in a frequency above the normal perception of Earth 's conventional electronic equipment , or even the human eye , we can render equipment and personnel virtually invisible . Watch closely . No , the ship is not gone . ( CLATTERING ) It is merely encompassed in a color field beyond the frequency of the human eye . Unfortunately , the energy necessary to create such an aura around a large fighter ship , or even the human form , is too great to sustain for any great period of time . It should only be used in life or death situations . Life or death situations from people we 've come to help . Each of your teams has been programmed to take you to scattered areas on Earth . Your entry patterns will bring you into Earth 's atmosphere in unpopulated zones . And your navigational computrons will guide you over the safest possible routes toward population centers . Ultimately , you will encounter people on Earth . You have been briefed on how to conduct yourselves . May God go with you . At last , what we 've all fought halfway across the universe to accomplish : It 's hard to believe : This place we drew for our landing sounds exciting : The United States of America : DILLON : You know , I kind of like the sound of that place that Kip got : The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics : I always liked unions : It 's not often you get the entire population of a continent 's women to choose from : I think we 're going to have one fine time : Maybe not : What is it ? I don 't know , some type of primitive scanning device : They 've been tracking us since we entered their atmosphere : Sir . Interceptor squadron out of Albuquerque has two unidentified flying objects on radar contact . Any chance they 're non-military ? Flying supersonic down on the deck ? Give me the President . Troy , there 's something coming up at us and it 's very fast : I 've got them on my scanner : Let 's try to lose them without using the boosters : This fuel we 're carrying has to last us a long time : Sir . They have definitely violated our airspace . Mr. President , whoever , whatever it is , has entered our airspace . We have to assume they 're hostile . Yes , sir . Bring them down . Closing to fire-range , Skipper : First attempt radio contact : If they were here to talk , they wouldn 't be running on the deck : I know : Lock on targets : TRO Y : It isn 't working : You 're telling me : Do we go to turbo thrusters ? Attention alien aircraft : You are violating United States airspace : Do you read ? Troy ? TRO Y : Go to turbos : You don 't have to say it twice : Skipper , they 're pulling away : PILO T 2 : Impossible : The Russians don 't have anything that fast : PILO T 1 : They 're going to be out of range : PILO T 2 : Fire when ready : Troy , they 're firing on us ! This is it , Dillon : Roll off and hit your force shield : Skipper , they just disappeared off my radar screen : Those missiles were locked on target : They can 't miss : PILO T 1 : But there is no target : How can they lock on target if it isn 't there ? I don 't know : Begin a sweep of the area : Troy , that 's as close as I ever want to come : Those guys are good : Yeah , a little too good : I think we 'd better get down on the ground : TROY : Hope these things look like the vehicles we saw in the Earth transmissions . Well , here goes nothing . I just hope no one comes running across that field and bumps into that thing . They sure would get a surprise . Well , next stop Dr. Mortinson , at a place called the Pacific Institute of Technology . You know , even though Dr. Zee has designed these to look as much like Earth machines as possible , I think it 's safest if we stay off the main arteries of traffic . Right . What are you doing ? Just thought I 'd test the back-up system . We can 't just fly in plain view . Earth 's machines don 't do that . Get back down here . That 's better . Now behave yourself . That sign says we 're headed in the right direction . Hey , Troy , you notice everybody staring at us back there ? I think it 's the clothes that 's giving them a problem . We 'd better get off and change into those things that they designed for us off the entertainments we viewed from Earth . Hey , Willie , get a load of them bikes . What is it ? That 's what I mean , man , I don 't know . Let 's find out . All right , man , let 's go . Checking them out . What are they ? That 's what I mean , man , I don 't know . Hey ! You turkeys pull off . We want to talk to you . You must have us confused with somebody else . My name is not Turkey , and neither is his . Pull over , wise guys , or we 'll run you over , got it ? He seems very insistent . We can 't afford to let them get too good a look at these machines . We 're gonna have to risk showing them a little more than I 'd hoped to . Ready ? Ready . This is where we get off . Yeah ? This ain 't no off-ramp , dude . DILLON : Surprise ! ( BIKERS EXCLAIMING ) BIKER : Come here , where are you going ? Do you see that ? Hey , see that ? I see it ! Looks like some kind of vehicle center over there . Maybe we can find some transportation that will get us further into the city . And leave these alone out here ? Let 's just not forget where this place is . ( MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO ) Got a call from an old friend We used to be real close Said he couldn 't go on the American way Closed the shop sold the house Bought a ticket to the : : : Fill it up , please . Yup , phone . It 's what they use to communicate with each other . How do you do ? I 'd like to communicate with the Pacific Institute of Technology , please . What 's happening ? What do you mean , what 's happening ? Nothing is happening . You can see that . Speak up . Maybe it 's a pretty primitive piece of equipment . ( SHOUTING ) How do you do ? I 'd like to communicate with the Pacific Institute of Technology . Hello . Hello , uh , are you two using the phone ? Yes . No . ( STAMMERING ) Well , what I mean is we 're finished . You can use it if you like . If you 're sure you 're through . Yes , well , we have quite a lot of communicating to do . We can wait . Well , I really am in kind of a hurry . Thank you . Yes , I 'd like to call the United Broadcasting Company . Thirty-five cents ? Yes , just a minute . Oh , wait . Do either of you have change for a dollar ? No , I 'm sorry . We just used our last denomination of currency ourselves . I 'll have to call you back , Operator , thank you . I 'm gonna get change . You need some ? We 'll be fine . Credit card , huh ? I wish I had one . The most important interview of my life , and I 'm going to be late . This is hopeless . We can 't get any currency until we find Dr. Mortinson . And we can 't find Dr. Mortinson till we get some currency . Well , she said something about a card . Now , it 's just possible that a sensor could read whatever code these things work on . It 's worth a try . Do you mind explaining what you 're doing ? ( STAMMERING ) Picking up our currency . Did you just rifle that coin box ? No , it just started throwing these things out . I think it 's malfunctioning . I 'll bet it 's malfunctioning . You put the money back in the box . No , hand it to me . Now , take a hike or I 'll turn you in to the service attendant . There 's no need to get hostile . He 's right . I mean , we 're strangers here . We don 't mean anybody any harm . Just take a hike . I 've got a call to make . What do we do ? We had the money right in the palm of our hands . Yes . This is Jamie Hamilton . From KENO , Reno . I 'm the newsgirl ... Lady ... Person . I 'm sorry , Miss Hamilton . Mr. Brooks is upstairs in a meeting . No , I 'm sure that 'll be all right . His schedule is pretty open . Get here as soon as you can . Okay . I thought I told you two to get lost . Look . We had nothing to do with what happened to that phone . As a matter of fact , we 're late for an appointment ourselves . Is there any chance that you 're going near the Pacific Institute of Technology ? That 's where you two are going ? Yeah . We 're going to see Dr. Mortinson . The Dr. Mortinson ? Yes . We had difficulty with our transportation . Well , maybe I did jump to conclusions . But you have to admit , it did look a little odd . Yes , very strange . Look , maybe I can give you a lift . Oh , does your machine fly , too ? Come on . ( PEOPLE PROTESTING ) You 're sure you want to get out ? Looks nasty . What 's going on ? Anti-nukes . Your Dr. Mortinson has innovated a whole new type of nuclear power plant . These people are upset because there have been so many reports of inadequate planning and safeguards with nuclear power . Clean nuclear power ? Is that all this agitation is about ? Is that all ? You must really have your head up there in the clouds . I guess so . We want to thank you . You 've been very kind . Strangers in a new place have to stick together . If you ever want to get in touch , I 'll be working at United Broadcasting . I hope . I don 't like the looks of this . Oh , I do . It tells us exactly what Dr. Mortinson needs from us . You know , we can turn him into a hero before the day is out . How do you make them understand ? You don 't throw out the baby with the bathwater . You don 't give up on nuclear power because we haven 't got all the knowledge . This takes time . Oh , come on , now . Don 't let them get to you this way . How do I ignore them ? Because those are real people down there . They have real families . They care about what happens to them . I care about what happens to them . Yes , but it isn 't your responsibility if they misuse the tools you give them . No . Maybe we 're trying to use the tools before we 're ready . Before the tools are ready ? Or the people ? I don 't know . Consider this . Seventy-seven years ago , man couldn 't even fly . It only took us 66 years between the Wright Brothers first flight at Kitty Hawk in 1903 , to putting a man on the moon in 1969 . Sixty-six years . How long have we been in the nuclear age ? Thirty-five years ? Since 1945 . Well , of course we don 't have all the answers yet . Right now we don 't know how to break down nuclear waste . We don 't know how to make it harmless , to neutralize it . We 'll figure it out . This takes time . Donald ! Are you all right ? It 's nothing , it 's nothing . Oh ! That does it . I 'm gonna call for the police . Don 't overreact . Where are you going ? Find something to clean this up . ( SIGHS ) Hello , Security ? This is Dr. Mortinson 's lab . Would you get the police up here ? That mob downstairs just started throwing rocks . ( PEOPLE PROTESTING ) Dr. Mortinson is expecting us . What floor is he on ? What are your names ? I have to check . Dillon and Troy . Mortinson . 323 . Hey ! Where 'd they go ? This is Security . AR Building . We 've got trouble . Oh . Did you come to clean up the mess ? No , we came to see Dr. Mortinson . Oh , I 'm sorry . He can 't be disturbed right now . But it 's important . Possibly life or death . Do you know the Doctor ? We know the Doctor from a recent paper that he delivered on what I believe you call your educational transmission band . Transmission band ? Television channel . Right . I see . Well , this really isn 't a very good day to come unannounced . I mean , as you could see outside , we 're under a lot of stress here . Yes , I can see where that would make it difficult to theorize . Especially abstract theories of nuclear degeneration . I had trouble with that theory myself . TROY : But he 's on the right track . Now , look , I don 't know who you are , but this is a very bad joke . I mean , there aren 't even three people in the world who could make heads or tails of this formula , and that includes the Doctor 's staff . ( PHONE RINGING ) Excuse me . Yes . GUARD : Miss Carlyle , this is Security : Two people have broken into the building . If they 're with you now , just say , " Good morning , Jack . " Good morning , Jack . All right , that 's all we need to know : Now , don 't be alarmed . We 're on our way . Have they revealed any weapons ? No . Not yet . We think it 's the Doctor they want , and we know he 's not in his office . Just let them think he 's on his way , and move to the east corner of the room , away from the door . Yes . Thank you very much for calling . Bad news ? Oh , no , no . No , good news , as a matter of fact . The Doctor is on his way up . So , if you want to have a seat , I 'll just get back to work . We can 't stay . We would like to leave the Doctor a message . The symbols are different , but using the projections on the screen as a common cipher , we can give the Doctor the rudiments of something that might interest him . Oh , no , no , don 't touch that . Stay away from that ! No ! Oh , no , don 't touch that ! He 's been working on this for three years . Let me go ! This should be enough . Tell him he can reach us through a young lady who works at the United Broadcasting Company by the name of Jamie Hamilton . Oh , please ! Thank you . Don 't you want to stay ? The Doctor will be back any minute ! We can 't just leave . The whole point of our mission was to get the Doctor on our side . They 'll never let us near him . This place is under siege . What if he doesn 't understand the message ? Nobody on Earth could have done what we did with that formula . He 'll understand . Halt or I 'll shoot ! Don 't do it . Gibberish . At least it wasn 't graffiti . What 's all the commotion ? I just saw the police with two men in custody out there . Oh , I 'm glad you weren 't here . I 'm afraid that some of the demonstrators got into the lab . ALL : Stop nuclear power ! Stop nuclear power ! Dorothy , where 's my formula ? Oh , one of the men that came in here ruined it . I had to take it off the screen . You didn 't erase it ? Oh , no , no . It 's still in the memory bank . But I 'm afraid it 's not going to be much use to you now . I mean , he literally ruined it . I would have tried to stop him , but the security guard told me to just stay away from them until they arrived . My God . I know , I ... I told you they ruined it . You think very carefully . Did they say who they were ? Well , no , but I could tell they were just part of that street gang ... They must have said something . Well , they mentioned your paper on PBS . My one on the theories of brother worlds and atomic travel ? Yeah , I guess so . But I don 't understand why you 're so interested in hoodlums . My dear , these hoodlums , as you call them , may be as important to mankind as the coming of the Messiah . Mr. Brooks is still in his meeting . You can wait in my office . To be quite blunt , there are several people competing for the on-camera reporter job . I know , but I intend to get it . We 'll see . ( PHONE RINGING ) Mr. Brooks ' office . Why , yes , she is . Miss Hamilton ? It 's for you . The police department . The police ? I don 't know how they could know I 'm here . Miss Hamilton , the phone . Hello ? This is Dillon . It works . You were kind enough to assist my friend and me this morning . Yes ? We 've run into some trouble . Yes ? Being strangers , we 're in high hopes that you 'd get in touch with Dr : Mortinson and tell him where we are : Well , I might be able to do that . MAN ON TV : The local news tonight : Two demonstrators were apprehended trying to break into Peace Prize winner Donald Mortinson 's laboratory after beating up a security guard : The man was not seriously injured , however he : : : Oh , Lord , and I dropped them off . Jamie , are you there ? Listen , you ! You terrorists . Terrorists ? You don 't understand the situation . Oh , yes , I do . This is my first day on the job and you used me . You chauvinist ! ( HANGS UP PHONE ) What 'd she say ? I don 't know . What 's a terrorist chauvinist ? Mr. Brooks , I really think you ought to come down here in person . I think we have a problem . I really can explain . I 'm sure you can . ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello ? Dr. Mortinson . I 'm afraid Mr. Brooks isn 't in his office , however ... Who ? Jamie Hamilton ? Yes , she is , but ... Yes . Certainly . Yes ? Miss Hamilton ? Yes ? It 's most urgent that I learn more about those two friends of yours , the ones that were in my lab today . Doctor , I assure you , I had no idea they were going to cause trouble . No , no , you misunderstand , I 'm grateful for their visit . In fact , I was hoping that you might be one of them . One of them ? Well , they left your name as a point of contact . I 'd hoped to learn more from you before confronting them at the police station . I 'm sympathetic to you if you need reassurance . Well , I 'd like to tell you something about them , Doctor , but I don 't think what I know would make it worth your while . The Dr. Mortinson ? Why would he be calling us ? He despises the media . He 's not calling us . He 's calling her . Who is she ? The new reporter , she hopes . No , look , it 's all been kind of a big mistake . Tell him you 'll meet him . But it 's not what he thinks . You want a crack at that job ? Tell him you 'll meet him . Listen , Doctor , I 'd be glad to meet you . Anne , quick . Get me a camera team , the best . Camera team ? We 've been trying to get Mortinson on film for weeks . Yes , fine . Where are you gonna meet him ? Well , who are you ? I 'm Mr. Brooks , your boss . Oh , well , outside police headquarters . But I 'm doing this under false pretenses . I haven 't the faintest idea who those guys were . What guys ? Never mind , that really doesn 't matter . If you can pull this thing off , you 've got yourself a job for life . Come on , we got work to do . Annie , we 'll ride out in the camera truck . Do it now ! All right . Name , date , place of birth . Uh ... Name , date , place of birth . Sergeant , we got some kind of problem here . How can you have a problem with a simple set of fingerprints ? Well , come see for yourself . There ain 't no ridges , there ain 't no valleys . Wise guy . Sanded them off , huh ? Don 't think you 're gonna get out of here without being identified . Our computers are hooked up with police departments all over the world . So , no matter where you come from , we 're gonna find out . Look , it 's imperative that we talk with Dr. Mortinson right away . Then later I suppose you 'll want an appointment with the President . ( PHONE RINGING ) Yeah ? Yeah , right here . Right . Right . Yes , sir . Well , seems some big shots wanna talk to you two guys . Put them back in the holding tank till they come for them , Dobin . This way . In here . What 's a big shot ? I don 't know , but this is the worst thing that could have happened to us . The last thing we need is a lot of attention . Our ships are what are gonna get all the attention , if we don 't get back and charge those energizers . Yeah , well , first we 've got to get out of here . Hey . Our own force field . Hey , hey . One of you two guys got a cigarette ? Okay . Got a light ? ( CHUCKLES ) Very nice , Troy . Now may I point out we 're still in jail ? Patience , Dillon . Help ! Help ! Get me out of here ! Please ! Please , you got to get me out of here ! You 'll never see me again ! Please ! Pipe down in there , Moran . I ... Hey ! Dobin ! I thought I told you to put those guys in the tank . I did . Now , Troy ? Now , Dillon . Dobin , you idiot . What 'd you do that for ? Why 'd I do what ? ( DOG BARKING ) Go get it , boy . Come on , Skip . Come on , Skip , go . Come on , Skip . Golly ! Come on , Skip . Let 's go tell Dad .
