 Send our young back to Earth to be assimilated into her population . Unknown to Earth 's people ? AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER : Los Angeles control center to 427 : Look out ! What was that ? I don 't know . What is it ? I think these children are dying . It reads out as some sort of poisoning . The place these children dreamed about as a home may wind up killing them . They 're looking for us in flying machines . So we have to get out of the area . LANCER : Hey , there 's somebody coming . MOONSTONE : Earth vehicles . Did any of you see any kind of strange flying craft in the sky ? ALL : No . Are you out of your mind ? You cannot hide behind innocent young children . Let 's get them . We can 't afford to take time with these two . ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica : Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : Adama , I 've considered the consequences of endless pursuit upon the children of the Galactican fleet . Every day they remain with us increases the danger that they will die in space , leaving no one to carry on for us . Dr. Zee , it was you who discovered the Cylon task force waiting for us to find Earth so they could destroy it . And we have done the correct thing leading them away . Then how can we turn back ? We cannot . The Galactica will have to continue on as a decoy , while we send our young back to Earth to be assimilated into her population . Unknown to Earth 's people ? It cannot be accomplished at once . We first must let our advance guard prepare the way . Perhaps we could confer with the leadership on Earth . To negotiate with one faction on Earth is to arouse the mistrust and paranoia of every other . We could inadvertently trigger the final war . So , we have tools we cannot use , medicines we cannot offer , and knowledge we cannot share . All these things we will give to them . First , we must prepare the way . All right , now , before you can go down to Earth , there are a lot of things you 're gonna have to know . Now , how many of you know the meaning of " gravity " ? No cheating , Moonstone . Those are to be used later , when you 're relocated on Earth . I know the answer . Gravity is an artificial force created on the ship that keeps us from floating through the air and bumping our heads up on the ceiling . That 's very good . Only on Earth , gravity isn 't artificial , it 's natural . Just like it was on our parents ' home planet ? Exactly . Earth , like Caprica , or any large mass , exerts a powerful attraction , gravity , on other smaller masses . That 's what keeps us in place . Right . Otherwise , you 'd just fly off into the sky . That sounds like fun . Well , it might be fun until you got up so high that you ran out of atmosphere . Now , what am I going to ask next ? What 's atmosphere ? Right . It 's the air we breathe . All right . Now , the reason I 'm bringing this all up is that our atmosphere and our gravity , the ones that you 're used to , is not exactly the same on Earth . You mean , we won 't be able to breathe ? Oh , yes , you will . But until you get used to the thinner air , you may get tired sooner . So in the beginning don 't be surprised if you can 't play as hard as you 're used to . However , because the force of gravity on Earth is less than that on Galactica , you 'll be able to jump higher and run faster than the children on earth . ( ALL CHEERING ) I had them under control until you walked in . Study period is over . At least for the instructor . What 's the sudden hurry ? Something 's happened . We 've come to a complete stop . Yes , what is it , Colonel ? We allowed the freighter Delphi to slow for repairs on her main engines , sir . I 'm aware of that . Hasn 't she regained her place in the fleet ? Sir , they 've come to all stop . Colonel , do you realize the significance of that freighter ? Our schooling ship , sir . All our children are on board . Send a fighter escort at once . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) If this old tub sits still for long , the shuttles won 't have the range to return the children home to the fleet . Then we 'll crash load the children and abandon ship . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) Attack claxon ! It must be a mistake . The Cylons haven 't attacked in a generation . That was no mistake . Get the children to shuttles . ( ALL SCREAMING ) The pilots want to abandon ship before their shuttles are trapped inside . Not until everyone has a full load . But half the compartments are already sealed off . We 'll unseal them . Just load these children and wait for more . Yes , sir . It 's awful down there . Where are the others ? You can 't get to them . That passageway is blocked . We 'll get to them . No , the door , it won 't open , I 've already tried . ( CHILDREN SCREAMING ) Attack Leader to Galactica , Delphi under attack : ( COUGHING ) Come on , all of you . We 're getting out of here . TROY : Get them into that shuttle . Major , what 's the report ? Eight shuttles launched , 125 children accounted for . We have 12 more . That makes 137 . All accounted for . Let 's get them home . Come on , let 's go . OFFICER : The Cylons are breaking off : Do we go after them ? Negative : Protect that freighter : You 've all drilled this a hundred times , children . Secure your braces . We 're going out fast . Don 't bother , I could do it . All right , Starla . Hey , you guys fly it . We can take care of our end . Dillon , come on . Feisty little bunch . They 've had to be to survive . TROY : Counting . Going on auto . Full power . All engines full . Three , two , one : Launch . Come on , come on : Stabilizers . On computron automatic . She 's not responding . ( BEEPING ) There 's your answer . She 's lost hull integrity . On outboard left . We 're losing fuel . She 's blown those tanks . Transfer what you can into the left bank . BOOMER : Viper command to Shuttle Alpha , do you read ? We read you , Boomer . We 've suffered some damage : What is the disposition of the fleet ? The fleet 's coordinates are radius vector 33 degrees left off the elliptical plane : Elevation , 40 degrees north , at 33000 Mega-K 's from Alpha Centauri : Computron coordinates makes the fuel requirement to reach the fleet . Recompute to see if we can drift back on a slow curve , using minimum power boosts at intervals to make course changes . No good . We can 't catch up . Then we 'll have to move off course and hide . They can send somebody back after they lose the Cylons . What if a Cylon Patrol finds us first ? Colonel Boomer . Acknowledge : We can 't make it back to the fleet . Captain , you have to try : You have no other choices : Yes , I do . The choice these children have been trained for . We 'll see you , Colonel . Children , we won 't be going back to the fleet . You 're about to be the first children from the stars to set foot on the planet Earth . ( ALL CHEERING ) CAPTAIN : This is 427 , leaving Los Angeles center : We are at 30,000 feet : AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER : Los Angeles control center to 427 : You are now in range of Omaha center on 550 : Good night to you all , and have a nice flight : This is 427 . Proceeding to 35,000 . And switching over to Omaha center . Good night . Look out ! ( PASSENGERS SCREAMING ) Captain , what was that ? I don 't know . Military plane of some kind . Get Omaha on the horn . I 'm tired of these hot shots that are jamming up the commercial lanes . ( PHONE RINGING ) Sydell . It 's happened again , Colonel . Where ? East of Los Angeles . Almost hit a jumbo jet . The Commercial Pilots Association wants our heads . And , Jack , I swear , it wasn 't military : We had nothing in the area : Have you got it on radar ? I don 't know . We had some noise on the screens , but until I can check the tapes , I can 't be sure about anything . Well , check it out fast , Harv . This is what I 've been waiting for . I 've got a good enough budget to find whatever it is , whoever they are : SECRETARY : Yes , Colonel ? Get my plane on the apron in 10 minutes . Yes , sir : Children , it 's absolutely necessary that you obey every order that we give you . Now , remember your training . ( CHILDREN WHISPERING ) CHILD : ( WHISPERING ) I 'm scared . CHILD : ( WHISPERING ) Come on , let 's go . I wish my mother and father and baby brother could see this , too . Do you think they can see we 're all right ? DILLON : I 'm sure they do , Starla . I know that you 've never experienced the sensation of being on land with open skies and fresh air , but it 's absolutely essential , for our own protection , that we stay together . Now , will you stop that ? This isn 't gonna be easy , is it ? I 'm telling you , it came down in this area . I could see it clear as day from my car . How can you tell ? All these fields look the same at night . ( CLICKING ) ( CHILDREN SCREAM ) Now what ? We 'll move them to another field as far away as possible , using their own vehicle . Still , with their story , there 's gonna be an army out here . It 's almost daylight . There 's just enough fuel left in the shuttle to re-launch it . Launch it . Launch it where ? Into space . But it 's our only ship . Yes , I know . But we have no choice . From now on , children , we 're on our own . In the morning , Lieutenant Dillon and I will leave to find some apparel that will help you to blend in with Earth 's children . What is it ? I don 't know . But they don 't have any license plates . Troy ? I see them . What do we do ? Just behave like we belong here . ( SIREN BLARING ) Aw , now , is that any way to be ? The last thing we need is more attention . Whatever you do , don 't start flying . Well , that only leaves us one choice . Right . Let 's get them . All right . Hold it just short of flight speed . It gets hard to handle without taking off . There , that off-ramp . ( SIRENS WAILING ) We lost them . No way . They made the mistake of picking one of my favorite hiding places . Hey , didn 't we see feet and wheels under this sign a minute ago ? You were mistaken . Yeah , but you 're the one who ... No , you made a mistake . And that 's the way I 'm going to write it up . You understand ? Right , but ... Ah , no buts . From now on , I 'm in charge . ( LAUGHING ) ( WATCH BEEPING ) Department store . This is where you 'll find clothing for the children . I 'm gonna go cross the street to that banking institute and exchange cubits for currency . Troy , they have no way of knowing their value . Earth 's ancestors were our ancestors . They respected the value of auric . It 's commonly referred to here as gold . I 've seared off the markings with my laser . They can quickly analyze the metal . All right . To save time , I 'll go in and start looking for clothes . I 'll have them ready by the time you get back . Good luck . You , too . What happened ? I don 't know . I went in and it threw me right back out . Threw you out ? Troy , you don 't suppose they 've got some kind of alien detector , do you ? No . I 'll go in and pick out the clothes for the kids . You go across the street to the bank . Right . I 'm getting it . Now go to the bank . DRIVER 1 : Hey , watch where you 're going . DRIVER 2 : Hey , get your head out of the clouds , will you ? May I help you ? Yes . I need clothing for 12 young people . Well , you don 't look old enough to have that many of your own . You must be a scoutmaster . Scoutmaster ? Yes . All the troops are coming in now for their camping equipment . Camping equipment ? I think it 's so lucky for all those young people to go up into the mountains and the woods and rough it with nature . Soon enough they 'll be softies like us . Although , you look to be in pretty good shape . You must just take those long hikes right along with the boys . Yes . About these camping trips , do you have all the necessary equipment for roughing it ? Oh , yes . Come , let me show you . We 're the biggest retail supplier in this city . Now , here 's the little tent . What council are you from ? From the Council of Twelve . Must be from out of this area . Oh , yes , a long way out . Do you need some of those handbooks ? Twelve would be fine . My , you are starting from scratch . Well , this is the standard camping list . Now , you just run down and tell me everything you need . Twelve of everything . Twelve of everything . Yes . Okay . This might take a little while . Hi , may I help you ? I 'd like to exchange this auric , uh , gold , for some local currency . What are these ? Uh , coins , ancient coins . What happened to them ? Intense fire . Burned off all the markings . But the auric , uh , gold content is pure . Aw , too bad they got ruined . Rare coins bring in even more than the price of gold . This way , I can only give you the going rate . That 'll be fine . I 'm in kind of a hurry . Hurry ? I have to have it analyzed . Oh , well , I 'm not in that much of a hurry . Just put it in your analyzer . What analyzer ? The one you must use to analyze your , uh , gold . We don 't do it here . We send it out . Really ? Uh-huh . Well , actually I could do it for you . What is that ? What are you doing ? Uh , you 're right . How could you take my word ? Look , isn 't there someone in charge who knows gold ? I know gold . I still have to have it assayed . Let me just put it in this envelope . No , don 't do that . Look , I told you , I 'm in a hurry . Why don 't I just take it back ? Where did you get this ? My gold , please ? What did you do with your hand ? Nothing . Look out , Harry , he 's got a gun ! No , I don 't . Don 't shoot . Here . Everybody remain calm ! Don 't anybody move ! Give him what he wants ! He 's got a gun ! Don 't shoot me , please . I am not going to shoot anybody . Look , just take this back . ( POLICE SIREN WAILING ) What 's that ? Did you call the police ? Give it up . You look like a nice kid . Don 't die over a few lousy bucks . I 'll get this back to you in time . Where do you live ? Are you crazy ? You think I 'm gonna tell you where I live ? 327 Harrat Street . But I 'm moving just as soon as you finish robbing this bank . Someone will help you to your car . Now , will this be check , cash or charge ? Oh , uh ... Will that be enough ? My , yes . What 'd you do ? Rob a bank ? Where have you been ? Troy , we 've got to get out of here in a hurry . Is this stuff all ours ? Yes . Come here . They 're saying the suspect ran into that department store over there . You and your partner cover the back door . Let 's get on it . You did what ? It 's called robbing a bank . I couldn 't help it , it just happened . Dillon , you could have gotten yourself killed . It 's not out of the question now . It 's time to go . Here 's your change . All right , this time they don 't get away . Let 's get them . ( SIREN WAILING ) Troy . Ah , nuts . Nuts ? You 're hungry at a time like this ? That 's an expression I learned from the saleslady . Forget about being subtle . We can 't afford to take time with these two . OFFICER : All right , let 's move it over , guys : No , thanks . Now , you 're gonna go up that ramp , or I 'm gonna use force : Oh , up that ramp . Why didn 't you say so ? How come this never happens to those two guys on TV ? Jamie , what are you doing here ? I got the news over the wire . Have they found anything ? Who are these people ? Well , for one , the man over there is Colonel Sydell . Air Force Special Detachment One . What 's Air Force Special Detachment One ? It deals with unexplained phenomena . Speaking of which , I 'll ask you again , Jamie . Why are you here ? Is there something about the sighting of that UFO that has some personal interest for you ? Well , unexplained phenomena was always one of my big interests . Practically a compulsion . What have they found out ? Nothing . Whatever was here , if there ever was anything here , is apparently gone . Colonel , we 've searched everything within a 15-mile radius . We don 't come up with anything except a bunch of Boy Scouts camped in the woods . Did you say Boy Scouts ? Yes , sir . The chopper spotted them , next meadow over . I 'm going there . Excuse me , Colonel , I didn 't mean to pry . I will keep this off the record if you like . What could the possible significance be of a bunch of Boy Scouts ? Mr. Brooks , so far , all I 've had to talk to is a couple of hunters , who may have had a few eggnogs too many . Now , have you ever met anyone more curious or observant than a Boy Scout on an encampment ? No , I never did . Good luck , Colonel . SYDELL : Sergeant ? Can you believe that ? Talk about clutching at straws . I guess this was just another wild goose chase . You know , Jamie , it 's funny . What is ? When that airline pilot corroborated the two hunters ' story , I thought we were really on to something . But now , I guess not . I 'll see you back at the station . Yes , sir . ( GROWLING ) ( CHUCKLING ) TROY : All right , fellows . MOONSTONE : Why do we have to wear these short pants ? They look ridiculous . Because that 's what Boy Scouts wear . You think you have problems . I 'm not even a boy . All right , you two , now , out of the shelter . According to the handbook , it 's called a tent . All right , then , out of the tent . Come on , now . Line up . I need your attention . They 're looking for us in flying machines . So we have to get out of the area . LANCER : Hey , there 's somebody coming . Lancer , will you stop that ? Dillon , go have a look . He 's right . Three vehicles coming right at us . MOONSTONE : Earth vehicles . ( CHILDREN CHATTERING EXCITEDLY ) Hello , boys . Who 's in charge here ? ( SYDELL CHUCKLES ) Colonel Sydell , Special Operations . Do you mind if I speak to you and your boys for a couple of minutes ? Oh , my Lord . I knew it . Well , certainly . What can we do for you ? Well , when did you arrive in this area ? We got here late last night . Oh , well , then you may not be of too much help . We had a sighting in this vicinity of what we sometimes call an Unidentified Flying Object . Did any of you see anything like that ? A bright light in the sky , anything . No , no , I can say with a certainty that we didn 't see anything resembling a bright light in the sky . Oh , too bad . ( HONKING ) MAN : Boys ! Hey , boys , stop that . Put that ashtray back . Don 't touch that . Hey , don 't touch that . Get away from the tires . Leave those tires alone . Boys do love cars , don 't they ? Very fascinated , to be sure . Oh , you don 't mind if I talk to them ? Oh , no . Go right ahead . ( HORN HONKING ) Dillon ? I 'll handle it . ( SIGHS ) Troy , what is going on here ? Are you out of your mind ? Where did you get those children in these outfits ? Jamie , this is not the time to talk about it . Troy , you don 't know what kind of mess you could be getting into . You cannot hide behind innocent young children . Where 's the real scoutmaster ? You 're looking at him . You ? How did you pull that off ? What parents in their right minds are gonna let perfect strangers run off with their small ... Troy , you don 't mean to tell me that those ... That you brought ... Jamie , pull yourself together . Smile . It would not do to faint . ( HONKING ) MAN : Boys , come on . Leave that alone . SYDELL : Okay , boys , now . I 'm sure that all of you have heard of flying saucers . I said , I 'm sure that ... ( HORN HONKING ) Young man , would you mind not doing that while I 'm talking ? That 's better . Hey , that 's a nice watch . Is that some kind of Scout watch ? ( CHUCKLES ) Which brings me to the business at hand . Did any of you see any kind of strange flying craft in the sky last night ? ALL : No . Colonel , most of them were pretty much asleep in the back of our vehicle last night . I can assure you that they didn 't see anything until we lan ... Got here . That 's too bad . Now , look , if you should encounter anything during your stay , let me give you a card . The government , the Air Force , is interested in everything , even if you don 't think it 's important . You 'd be doing a great service to your country . We want to do that . Thank you . Oh , incidentally , how did you get here ? I didn 't see any car or bus or anything . Uh , it 's in town , getting supplies . Uh-huh . Well , have a nice encampment . And , uh , I used to be an Eagle myself , you know . " Eagle , a large bird . " He used to be a bird ? It 's scary . It sure is . ( CHILDREN SINGING SOFTLY ) That was wonderful . I want to learn it . Captain Troy , something 's wrong with Moonstone . TROY : Moonstone , what 's wrong ? My Lord , what is it ? ( MOANING ) Pulse and respiration , 80 percent below normal . Increased perspiration . He must be in shock . How long has Moonstone been like this ? Just a few minutes . Hurry , Captain , everybody 's getting sick . What is it ? I think these children are dying . Yes , may I ... Oh , dear , what happened ? We 're not sure . I think that he 's ... In shock . We need space for these three children . Of course . In there . This child seems the sickest . Doctor , if there 's anything ... I 'm just a nurse . Look , the doctor 's out on call . I 'll get him here as fast as I can . I don 't understand . Can 't she do anything ? She 'd like to . A nurse is only allowed to assist a doctor . She can 't assume the responsibility . So we just wait around and watch our children die ? We 're not going to wait . Breaker , breaker , Dr. Spencer , are you out there ? Vital signs are deteriorating . You sure you know what you 're doing ? It 's a bit large for a cell biopsy , isn 't it ? It 's the best I could find . It reads out as some sort of poisoning . I can 't identify the toxic chemicals . There 's no Galactican equivalent . Severe cell dehydration . We 're gonna have to introduce fluids . Yeah , if they use a six-carbon-chain supplement on Earth . Jamie , are you familiar with what you call " glucose " ? Yes , an I.V. Intravenous drip with 5 percent glucose . This is what you want . Breaker , breaker , Dr. Spencer , you out there ? Yeah , Val , what is it ? I 've been trying to reach you . You got to get here as fast as you can . Well , the doctor 's on his ... What 's going on here ? What do you people think you 're doing ? What is this I.V. Doing in this child 's arm ? I 've got to get that I.V. Out of this child 's arm . Nurse . Please , don 't . You don 't understand . It 's against regulations . If the doctor finds out about this , I 'll be suspended . Now , what do we do ? ADAMA : After all this time , why did they decide to attack that lonely freighter ? I think I know the answer . Adama , since the time of our defeat , the Cylons have not been idle . Not only have they developed new machines , but they have evolved beyond our greatest fears . In what way ? Consider this . In 30 Earth years , it is possible to create a totally new technology . If they 're so almighty powerful , why don 't they simply destroy us ? They wish to experiment with their new machines . Using us as living targets . No word yet from our shuttle . Our only hope is that Captain Troy has been able to lead them safely to Earth . What happens to those children may be the best indication of all whether or not we can survive . What 's going on here , Val ? Who are these people ? You know they 're not allowed to ... Oh , thank God you 're here . Lord , what 's the matter with this boy ? He 's in serious condition . Who hooked up this I. V ? SPENCER : Val ? TROY : I hooked it up . You obviously know your medicine . And you probably saved the boy 's life . He 's stable , but I don 't like the look of his vital signs . We 'll run a fast set of tests . Doctor , these children are suffering from extreme doses of toxic poisoning . Is that what you told them , Val ? A simple cell biopsy will confirm it . Cell biopsy ? Doctor . It 's all right . They know what they 're talking about . We need immediate tests for stomach content and a full blood series . And a neuro-transmitter anogram . All right , I 'll make the necessary arrangements . Wait a minute . What was that last thing you requested ? Uh , do the best you can . They 're into all kinds of research . They 're from that new Astro-medics place outside of Cleveland . Oh . Do you want to give me a hand , Val ? Val , are you all right ? Look at me . Your pupils are dilated and your skin is flushed . My skin is blue and my dress is pink . If you aren 't getting these colors bright and true on your television set ... Take it easy , Val . Considering the pressure you were under , you came through like a trooper . I did , Dr. Spencer ? I 'll get the lab ready and standing by . What do you think ? I think we better get back to the others . They 're probably frightened to death by now . Earth . The place these children dreamed about as a home may wind up killing them . What do you suppose is causing this ? The only logical explanation is that your immunities are different than ours . What may be totally harmless to Earthlings could destroy the Galactican race . Even a cold could be deadly to you and the children . We 'll know better when the analysis comes back . In the meantime , we have to talk to the other children . Find out what these three did that they didn 't . I 'm sorry the children couldn 't have a better welcome here on Earth . Whose fault could it be ? At least we can thank you for being here when we needed you . DILLON : We couldn 't find a better place to settle the children . This is where we came . And this is where they stopped and satisfied their thirst . Troy ? Unbelievable . What is it ? Murder . Can I help you boys ? We were just admiring this choice land . Does all the water in this area have the same content ? Are you kidding ? I bet you boys never fished in a lake like this before . Yeah , you want to drop in a line or two , you got my permission . Permission ? Yeah , you 're on private land . This whole thing belongs to the plant . That thing on your wrist you were aiming at the water . What is it ? Some kind of a Boy Scout fish-meter ? No , it tests for purity . Oh . You wouldn 't happen to be one of them environmentalists , would you ? Sounds like you have something against environmentalists . Always stirring things up that 's none of their business . Anyway , you want to fish , you go ahead . You 've got the permission of Stanford Chemical Plant . Anything else , you 're gonna have to move along . Tell me , uh , just where is this plant located ? Well ... What do you want to know for ? I believe it 's a good idea to teach the children to return kindness for kindness . Who would be responsible for the benefits this lake could bring us ? Well , I 'm the one who says it 's okay to fish . Mr. Stockton 's plant manager if you want to drop him a letter when you get back home . Excellent . Children . And don 't forget to mention me . Oh , we won 't . Gentlemen , I certainly sympathize with the illness in your troop . But it can 't possibly have anything to do with our plant . You are pouring waste products into that lake . We 'll show you the chemical analysis , if that will help . How could you possibly know this ? Didn 't you tell me you just arrived yesterday ? And these children just took sick ? From drinking the water . We ran tests . Where ? How ? Who validated these tests ? What laboratory ? We did the analysis ourselves . With your Boy Scout field kits ? Forgive me , but I can 't help feeling insulted by this accusation . You know , we take great precautions when it comes to the environment of our neighbors . We test this water all the time . After all , we live in this community , too , you know . We know . And that 's why you should be alarmed . Alarmed ? Yes , sir . For yourself , for your family , for all the people in this town . You 're all dying . Dying ? Do I look like I 'm dying ? I know you guys mean well , but I feel great . The kind of damage we 're talking about takes years before it shows up . You feel fine today , but it 's tomorrow that you have to worry about . All right , gentlemen , I 'll tell you what I 'm going to do . I 'm going to look into it . How 's that ? That would be very reassuring . When ? When what ? When are you going to look into it ? Right away . We got all kinds of chemists around here . This is a chemical plant . We 're in the chemical business . It 's what we do . Good . When can we expect to hear from you ? Soon . That , I can promise you , gentlemen . Very soon . We appreciate your time . SHERIFF : Look , John , I 've got an Air Force colonel and a newspaper lady running around all over town asking questions . Now , don 't hassle me about a bunch of Boy Scouts . Holy cow ! Hey , Sheriff , you won 't believe what I just got on ... Yes , yes , yes , I 'm on top of it , John . They 're from out of state , but we can handle it . See that you do . I 'll remind you of what happened to this town the last time we had to shut down over some wild-eyed nature group : We were all out of work for six months . Now , don 't get all worked up , John . I mean , they 're just a bunch of Boy Scouts . Now , what kind of trouble can they cause ? But you listen to me . Now , you just remember that this time you keep your own men out of trouble . Sheriff , my men have families . They 're still paying off the loan they had to take out at the bank the last time we shut down . All right , all right . Just lighten up , will you ? I 'll get back to you . Now , what is it ? It 's that Boy Scout troop . Now what have they done ? Nothing , they don 't exist . The doc asked me to check on this when he couldn 't get in touch with the parents of those sick kids at his clinic . Now , just a minute here . They either exist or they don 't exist . And if they aren 't Boy Scouts , then what are they ? I want every single one of those Boy Scouts picked up . And that includes those phony scoutmasters . Sheriff , what is it ? What 's going on ? Well , well , well . It gets to be a pretty sad state of affairs when these nature groups start using little children to perpetrate lies and propaganda . Propaganda ? Those children are definitely sick . Have you seen them ? Well , if you believe that , then you 're almost as big a fool as I was . Unless you 're part of this . Part of what ? Well , you see , I get just a little bit suspicious when a big-time television reporter like you conveniently shows up just in time for a hot story . Sheriff , I resent that accusation . Resent it all you want , lady , but didn 't one of the biggest newspaper men in this country start the Spanish-American War just to make headlines ? Don 't you leave town , now . Because before this is all over , I 'm gonna check out every single one of you people , right down to your fillings . Come on , Collins . Boys . Let 's round them up . ( SIRENS BLARING ) What 's all the excitement about ? You and the little super Scouts . Super Scouts ? Troy , I just came from the sheriff 's . They know you 're imposters . Uh-oh . Yes , uh-oh . Now , what are you gonna do ? The sheriff 's on his way to arrest you and the children . Well , I guess we better get there ahead of him . How are you ... Never mind , I know how . What are you gonna do with the kids when you get there ? They can 't all escape on these things . That 's a good question . That 's a very good question . ( HONKING ) Hey , lady . Do you mind getting out of the ...
