 Don 't you think it 's about time you told me exactly who you people are ? Remember , we can 't hit anybody . Tell them that . NARRATOR : Here are some scenes from Part 3 of Galactica 1980 . Can you prove you 're who you say you are ? Man , don 't let him get away . Grab him ! One of those guards makes a move , stun him . You can 't make it , Xavier . ADAMA : The great ship , Galactica . Our home for these many years we 've endured the wilderness of space : And now we near the end of our journey : We have at last found Earth : NARRATOR : In a moment , Galactica 1980 , Part 3 : But first , here are some scenes from Part 2 : Commander Xavier has commandeered a ship and returned to Earth in the year 1944 . TROY : If Earth isn 't advanced enough to help us now , what does he hope to accomplish back in 1944 ? Well , he intends to advance Earth 's technology today by introducing superior weaponry far in the past . Wait a minute ... Am I to understand that you can travel through time ? Yes . Are we all right ? What happened ? We moved through the fourth dimension into another time : Our scanners followed Xavier 's trail as clearly as if he 'd simply walked across a meadow : That 's one of ours . DILLON : Not anymore . What 's an American doing bailing out of a plane with British markings ? Why is that significant ? My name is Major Stockwell . I 'm an instructor . Sure . See , if I recall , the American and English Air Forces worked independently . Except for a few special missions involving spies or sabotage . Peenemünde was a rocket base , wasn 't it ? Let me say this another way . Either you work with us or your mission 's over . No , that isn 't troop movement . ( SOLDIER SHOUTING IN GERMAN ) It 's called the Final Solution . These people are being taken to concentration camps . Most of them will die there . What you will see today is the second generation . The V2 . Programmed to land where we want her to land . And to carry a payload that is the beginning of the end for the Allies . We came here to get something new . Something called the V2 . Of course , the V2 . It almost changed the course of the war . Almost changed ? Why are you always talking in the past tense ? This is no time to be correcting grammar . Now , let 's do whatever it is we 're going to do . We have to find Xavier . This is the English scientist I mentioned to you , General . Dr. Xavier , I understand you were able to provide a few minor aids to our cause . Minor ? I should say I made this entire event possible . It 's curious . We follow your scientific ranks quite closely . I don 't recall ever seeing a Dr. Xavier mentioned as a part of the British rocket program . Yet , here I am . And the proof of my competence stands out there . MAN O VER PA : Stand by to launch rocket : NARRATOR : And now , the conclusion of Galactica 1980 . Ariel surveillance shows the rocket is just beyond these trees . Now we have to get to it if we 're gonna destroy it . What good will destroying a rocket do if they still have the technology to build more ? There 's a real tug of war going on between the different factions of the Nazi military . Although we 're to concentrate the last of their fuel and resources . Are you saying that if this test fails in front of all those officers , that , that might cancel the program ? That 's a possibility . Look , I 'm taking charge of this operation . Follow me . Humor him . At least for now . Hey ! You , you , quickly , after them . Dillon , you go with him . I think I might have a chance of finding Xavier in that block house . If they fire that rocket , use your laser to destroy it . Come on , here they come . Four minutes to launching : I hate to tell you this , but there 's two soldiers right behind us and a bomb about to go off right in front of us . I know my job . Yeah , what do you know about rockets ? They throw out an afterburn wide enough to clean out these trees . ( SOLDIER SHOUTING IN GERMAN ) Got to get rid of these guys . What are you doing ? How do you do that ? Who are you ? Isn 't it about time you stopped asking questions and started listening to me ? You 've been programmed for two years to do one job , you don 't let anyone or anything interfere with it . Besides , your unit , whoever they 're working for isn 't the only one that has super weapons . What is that ? Plastic explosives . If I can get this to the base of that rocket before it launches , it 's all over . Three minutes to launching : ( GUN FIRES ) Criminals . All alike . What are we gonna do with them ? Two minutes , 30 seconds to launching : He 's here . Xavier , the Council orders you to return to the Galactica with me . I am beyond the Council . And if you attempt to stop what I 've started here , I will expose you . You 'll have to find me first . It 's too late to stop me . Did you say something , Doctor ? Well , no , sir . I was just going over some calculations . You look nervous . I thought success was a foregone conclusion . Let 's get on with it . It can 't wait . TROY : Jamie , stop that . You 're starting to show . I 'm not doing anything . My energizer must be running down . Now , Troy , we 'll bargain for her life . Xavier , come with me or face the consequences . What consequences ? Thirty seconds : It is you who faces certain death if you don 't follow me . My plan is the only reasonable way to save our people . What matter if it costs the lives of a few people on Earth ? A few people ? You alter history , you 'll kill millions . Six , five , four , three , two , one : Fire rocket : Feel the power . There . It is done . We have changed the future . Don 't miss . Oh , darn . I left it on stun . One more chance . This man is a spy . Take him out and have him shot , this instant . ( SPEAKING GERMAN ) ( SHUSHING ) I see him . We got to do something . We got to wait for Dillon and Troy . What can they do against all those SS guards ? More than we can do . Jamie , I am not used to taking orders . Don 't you think it 's about time you told me exactly who you people are ? Major , there 's a time for everything . You believe that ? So ? Let me put it to you another way . What would make perfect sense at one time might seem completely unbelievable , miraculous , at another time . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Look , if I tell you who we are , who Dillon and Troy are , you might wish I hadn 't . Hey , Jamie , I 'm putting my life on the line . Now , you got to level with me , no matter what it is . All right . I guess you do have a right to know . Dillon and Troy ... ( SOLDIER SHOUTING IN GERMAN ) Remember , we can 't hit anybody . Tell them that . Now . ( SPEAKING GERMAN ) Come on , quickly . You and the others have to keep going . Once you 're deep into the woods , you can slow down . And then make your way to the sea . Forgive me , young lady . We are all grateful for even one night of freedom . But to try to reach the sea is hopeless . By morning the soldiers will be everywhere . No , no . The soldiers will be preoccupied with something far more important to them than you . Jamie , how can you be so sure ? Because it is well past midnight . Which means it is now Tuesday , June 6 , 1944 . D-day . D-day ? What is this D-day ? The largest assemblage of ships men and aircraft in the history of the world . ( SPEAKING GERMAN ) What is it , Colonel ? Call the men . Load them up on the trucks . We 're being transferred . The prisoners ... Are of no importance now . The Allies have landed in Normandy . Jamie . Where are you going ? Come on , Jamie . It 's almost dawn and we got to get out of here . Am I going to see you guys again ? Who knows what the future will bring ? TROY : Come on , Jamie . All right , all right , come on , now . We have a long way to go . We 're not safe yet . Come on , come on . Let 's go . You 're all fools . We 'll just let the Council of Twelve decide what to do with you . You give me any trouble , I 'm gonna stun you and carry you into your seat . I have every intention of leaving this place . You didn 't exactly lend any credibility to my reputation here . I wish you good luck . And good hunting . DILLON : Grab him , Troy . I 'm sorry . I thought he 'd given up . Xavier will never give up . Let 's load the turbines . TRO Y : Ready , Dillon ? DILLON : Ready : You 're almost home , Jamie : JAMIE : What do you mean I 'm almost home ? You 're coming back with me , aren 't you ? We can 't : We 've got to get to the Galactica and start tracing Xavier : You 're not dropping me off in the middle of nowhere and with a story I can 't tell : We 've at least got to get her to a population center : All right : But these energizers are down to nothing : We gotta get in and out fast : Oh , right here , right here . Coffee ? Yes , please . " A beverage derived from a bean , usually served hot . " Troy , they drink beans . Oh , my Lord . We 're wanted criminals . Look . We didn 't do anything . Well , we did kind of damage that car and that building . Do they make you pay for things like that on Earth ? Or is there some system ? Would you stop it , Dillon ? The police have an APB out on us . And don 't look it up . It means they don 't take chances if you resist arrest . They shoot . Then we 'll have to leave at once . What do I tell the police ? They think I was your inside man in trying to kidnap the Doctor . The Doctor knows different . He 'll exonerate you . We have to go now . It isn 't safe here . ( JUKEBOX PLAYING UPBEAT MUSIC ) It 's okay . They 're just clowning . Really . ( JUKEBOX PLAYING DISTORTED MUSIC ) Golly ! They 're back ! I adore both of you . I don 't know what happens now . But I 'll keep your secrets for as long as you tell me . Just don 't make me wait forever . Time has a way of moving very swiftly . ( HORN HONKING ) I gotta go . Now , you two better disappear fast , you 're in a lot of danger . Thank you , Jamie . We 'll be all right . I 'll never forget you . Don 't forget me . Morning , boys . Need any help ? No , we 're fine . Let 's get out of here . It 's them . ( SIREN BLARING ) Uh-oh . What do we do ? Do we have a choice ? I can still hear the Commander 's words ringing in my ears . " Stay as inconspicuous as possible . " Big time desperados , huh ? Pull over in the name of the law : There is no way you can escape : Pull over in the name of the law : I got them now . There ain 't no way they 'd get away . No way at all . ( TIRES SCREECHING ) OFFICER ON RADIO : Sheriff , are you there ? Is there anything wrong ? Harvey , I don 't feel too good . Uh-oh . TROY : Now what are we gonna do ? You did the right thing calling us , Mr. Griffin . It was my son , Willy , who found the ships . Now , I can tell those kids at school who 've been teasing me about seeing spaceships ? I 'm afraid not , Willy . See , this could be of vital interest to our national security . We don 't really know what we have here . Willy , do you know what it means to keep a military secret ? But the kids will keep on teasing me . Maybe not for long . We 're gonna take these ships back to our compound so we can enforce security . You see , the creatures that flew them in might come back and they could be dangerous . So you try to keep our secret . Do I really have to keep it a secret ? I 'm sorry , Willy , but , yes . Well , at least for now . Well , you 'd better get going or you 'll miss your school bus . Troy , they 're preparing to take our ships away . TROY : We don 't dare follow them on these machines with our force fields so low . Then how do we get them back ? I don 't know . But I 've got an idea who might be able to tell us where they 're going . KIDS : ( CHANTING ) Spaceship , Willy saw a spaceship . Spaceship , spaceship , Willy saw a spaceship . I did , I did . ALL : No , you didn 't . Yeah , I did . Then where 's the spaceships ? They were there . My dad says there were no spaceships . He says you and your dad are a couple of liars . Tucker , you take back what you said about my father . ( ALL CHEERING ) TROY : Hello , Willy . I 'm not supposed to talk to strangers . Well , we 're not really strangers . We 're practically neighbors . We landed in your field . Hey , fellows , come back . Willy ! You can 't say anything . This has to be our secret . Not again . Everybody 's giving me all of their secrets . I don 't want them . We need our ships . Do you know where they are ? I think so . But I can 't tell you . Willy , they probably didn 't want you to say anything to people who didn 't already know about them . But we do . And they do belong to us . How would we get home ? You 're kind of big to get a scolding if you 're late . You 'd be surprised . We all have to live by rules . Will you help us ? Well , I guess so . If you can prove you 're a spaceman , knock big-mouth Tucker on his keister , like he did me . Willy , it 's not a good idea to model your behavior after somebody that you don 't look up to . You don 't want to act like Tucker . I 'll tell you what . If you want to convince Tucker that he doesn 't know everything , we 'll help you . Here . Now , put this on and listen very carefully . See this button here ? And this one . Hey , what 's happening here ? WILLY : Don 't you know , Tucker ? Who said that ? Little Willy . Where you at , man ? Inside your brain . I 've taken over your body . I think I 'll tickle myself . Look at Tucker . Hey , Tucker , what 's the matter ? You have fleas ? No , I got Little Willy . Call him off , call him off . Tell him I 'm sorry . WILLY : Your apology is accepted . Be seeing you around , Tucker . Yeah ? Just make sure I can see you ! Tucker , who are you talking to ? Shut up ! Thanks , mister . Your ships are at the International Guard Base out on the old highway . But where 's the other spaceman ? What other spaceman ? I heard the officer saying they 'd found three ships . Troy , Xavier is in as much trouble as we are . Unless he gets to them first . Thank you , Willy . And , here . We 're gonna make you an honorary warrior . Golly ! And remember ... Don 't tell me . It 's got to be a secret . Hey , look what I got . ( BELL RINGS ) Enter . Hello , Boomer . Sir , I 'm sorry to report that Xavier has escaped . Escaped ? Captain Troy and Lieutenant Dillon have re-entered our time frame , sir . They 're unharmed ? Yes . They 're returning the young woman to her place on Earth . Good . Have them recalled at once along with all other Earth missions until we find Xavier . ( BEEPING ) Troy , here . You didn 't get back a micron too soon . Do you know where Xavier is ? No , sir , I don 't . In your mission 's coordinates : But why ? He knows we 'll find him . But this time he may be thinking of finding you first : Now , if you don 't have the fuels and resources to sustain you , I 'll send another team . No , sir , I don 't think that 'd be a good idea right now . The climate here has turned very hostile . I 'll get back to you later . Troy out : MAN ON TV : An escape that no one seems to be able to explain : And then here , a high-speed chase in which you , Dr : Mortinson , and a young television journalist , Jamie Hamilton , were held captive by the terrorists : We 've invited Dr : Mortinson to be in the United Broadcasting Company 's studios in Los Angeles this morning , to talk to us about his ordeal : Doctor , there 's a lot of mystery about your abduction and subsequent escape from the terrorists , and yet the police imply that you 've been less than cooperative : MORTINSON : Mr : Brooks , it is not a question of cooperation : You can 't tell what you don 't know : But , Doctor , you were a man who was held hostage and yet you don 't seem very angry : Well , I 'm not angry about it : Look , these young men had something to say to me : I went with them , perfectly voluntarily , to listen : Doctor , are you saying that you don 't believe that you were either tricked into this abduction : : : Can you tell me how to get to the United Broadcasting Company 's main studio ? Practice man , practice . Answer me . Hey , take it easy , pal . Hey , all right . The studio 's a couple miles away in Century City . How do I get there without a vehicle ? A vehicle ? I guess you got to take a cab . How do I get one ? Describe them . You walk to the curb , you raise your hand . They come in yellow , black and white . Some are checkered . Thank you . Hey , who are you ? What 's the matter with you ? ( BEEPS ) ( TIRES SCREECHING ) What do you think you 're doing , buddy ? Watch where you 're going , huh ? Yellow , checkered , black and white . Yellow , checkered , black and white . Yeah , pal ? Yeah , pal ? Take me to the United Broadcasting Company 's main studio in Century City . Come again ? I 've gotta see Dr. Mortinson . Dr. Mortinson ? Say , isn 't that the guy that caused that big ruckus the other day ? Yeah , let 's see what this guy is up to . This could be our lucky day . Okay , mister . This is the place . Now , what do you want with the Professor and where do we fit in ? I won 't be needing you anymore . Thank you . Hey , wait a minute . Hold on here . Do you always hitch rides with police officers ? Police officers ? If you 're really here to see Dr. Mortinson , I think we better tag along , huh ? I 'm afraid our conversation must be private . Hey , is he a little off ? A little ? Man , he 's a card-carrying nut . And we just dumped him right on the Doctor 's doorstep . Dr. Mortinson ? That 's him . Hey , hey , Doc , don 't get too close to that guy till we check him out first . Who is he ? Well , if you don 't know , Doc , we 'll take him with us , we 'll find out . He knows me , don 't you , Doctor ? No , I 'm afraid I don 't . I just saw your transmission . You extended an invitation to us to continue our exchange of ideas , so rudely interrupted . Several million people saw that telecast . Can you prove you 're who you say you are ? Now , we 're not gonna let you take a chance on him , Doc . He 's a little off . You know , that I can promise you . If it 's proof you want , you 'll have it . Man , don 't let him get away . Grab him ! Hey ! Where did he go ? What happened ? He just disappeared . I can 't believe this . XAVIER : Let 's go someplace where we can talk . MORTINSON : I don 't understand why you came to Earth , instead of Troy and Dillon . XAVIER : They 're outcasts , banished from our society . They came here for personal gain . They offered to help us . Of course . By gaining an acceptance with you , they 'd find doors opened to them on every level of your culture . Why ? For what reason ? Prestige , power . Imagine a fugitive from another world living amongst you with superior knowledge . He could have anything he wanted . Troy and Dillon have a plan . It includes traveling into Earth 's past . Is that possible ? I intend to show you just how possible . Jamie , you 're lucky you weren 't hurt . You know , the police still believe that you were a part of the attempt to kidnap the Professor ? He wasn 't being kidnapped . As a matter of fact , it was the police who spoiled everything . ( INTERCOM BUZZING ) Yeah ? WOMAN : Chief Ryan on Line 1 : Jamie , you sound sympathetic to the terrorists . They 're not terrorists . Tell the chief I 'll call him back . Yes , sir : Just who do you think those two men were ? Well , they 're sort of part of a worldwide peace movement . They want us , everybody on Earth , to shape up for the better days ahead . What are they ? Some kind of a religious group ? No , Mr. Brooks . You just have to take my word for it . Take your word ? Jamie , we 're not playing games here . You were involved in a very serious felony . Now , sometimes in cases like this , when men subdue woman , hold them captive , the law is likely to consider the possibility of brainwashing . Brainwashing ? You think I 've been brainwashed ? ( INTERCOM BUZZING ) Yes ? WOMAN : Mr : Brooks , someone is trying to reach Miss Hamilton on Line 2 : Well , tell him that she is not here . He insisted : It 's a Mr : Dillon : Dillon ? He 's one of them . Put a trace on this call . No , don 't ! Jamie , perspective . You 've got to learn to view this world from a wider perspective . Now , I don 't know what those two men did to get a hold on you . I 'll be listening to every word . Line 2 . Hello ? Jamie , you all right ? I 'm fine . What are you doing here ? It 's dangerous . We 've got to find Mortinson : Xavier ? He 's here . He could be trying to get to Dr. Mortinson . We want you to help us get to him . Where can I reach you ? We 'll reach you . Just stay where you are . Fine . And , Dillon , be careful . You , too . Sensational , Jamie . Listen , get me Dr. Mortinson . I left his home number and the address that he gave me this morning on your desk . Right . Jamie , I can practically guarantee that you 'll be off the hook after you help the police apprehend those two . XAVIER : 1777 . If Laffitte and his French forces hadn 't intervened at the Battle of New Orleans , the American revolutionary war might easily have gone the other way . Why would that be of interest to Troy and Dillon ? And here , Gettysburg . The turning point in the Civil War . Or Waterloo , which turned the tide against Napoleon and finished him as a power forever . You haven 't answered my question . Well , don 't you see ? An outlaw could live a good life in any of those periods . If one had a true vision of what was to come , where and when . Yes , but ... Or rule the world . That 's what Troy and Dillon want . Troy and Dillon didn 't strike me as the sort ... ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello . Professor , it 's Jamie Hamilton . Jamie , you 're all right . Thank God . Yes , I 'm fine : But our two friends aren 't . A horrible man by the name of Xavier is here and they have to catch him . MORTINSON : Oh ? Professor , now , please be careful . Oh , I could tell you things about this man . I mean , he 's a maniac and he might try to contact you . Yes , Jamie , I think you 're right . Professor ? Professor ? We might have made a wonderful team back in time , Doctor , but I really don 't need you anymore . Jamie , who 's Xavier ? The kind of man you think Troy and Dillon are , and he 's with the Professor . Get me the police . Jamie , where are you going ? Jamie . Jamie ! Troy . Taxi . Come on , Jamie . You can 't go to Mortinson 's . Xavier is there and the police are on their way . They won 't find him . Why did he come here at all ? Because of the defeat that he suffered at our hands . I don 't think I follow you . The guy has already lost one battle . This time he 's gonna want to be more sure of where he 's going . He won 't lose again . OFFICER : I 've never seen anything like it , sir . If it 's Soviet , it 's one that got by our intelligence . All right , the teams from Wright-Patterson and Washington are gonna be here first thing in the morning . Yes , sir . I want everyone kept away from these craft , and I mean everyone , including our own people . Understood ? Yes , sir . Don 't worry , sir . A tank couldn 't get through these boys . Okay . Let 's go . He 's here . How do you know ? I know . Look , he can 't get off the ground any better than we can . Even if we could get to our ships , the energizers are down to zero . Now , this base has its own power source . If we could get to our ships , we can drain off enough energy to get out of here . Get some lights out here ! We 're too late . He 's in his ship . How do you know that ? What 's happening ? Xavier 's draining energy right off the base generator . Let 's go . No , Dillon , let 's use our own force field . Jamie , I want you to stay put . I hate to mention it , but I can still see you . I 'm out . So am I. Jamie . Yeah ? You see that guard ? Yeah ? I want you to get in his way . Wait a minute . I don 't like the way you 're asking . Jamie , go . I 'm going . Miss , can I help you ? Hey , wait a minute ! Where do you think you 're going ? Hope she 's done this for cover . Let 's go here . Stay here . I 'm coming with you . No . You have to cover me . If one of those guards makes a move , stun him . All right . You can 't make it , Xavier . Sorry , Captain Troy , I have a rendezvous . Hey , he 's moving . There 's a guy laying down on the ground over there . You all right ? Let 's go . Don 't bother getting a full charge . Just get off the ground . I second the motion . Jamie , get out of here . Are you crazy ? Those men out there have guns . And they don 't exactly like what you 're doing . Dillon , get going . You 're not up to power yet . All right , all right . Just as soon as I get rid of her . Did you do that ? Yes . Now , what happens if I press this one marked turbo ? Never mind . I 'll do it . I 'll get you for this , Jamie . You already got me . What 's happened here , Major ? I haven 't the slightest idea , Colonel . Never seen anything like it . Lightning everywhere , people coming and going . I don 't know . A team from Wright-Patterson and Washington are gonna be here in the morning . And I am going to have to tell them exactly what took place here . Colonel , I don 't think anybody knows exactly what took place here . He 's right , Colonel . What happened here tonight , there 's no rational explanation . But if it 's any help , I can assure you it wasn 't the Russians . Well , maybe I 'd better let you explain the whole thing . No , no , that 's all right . You 'll do just fine . Can 't you give me a clue ? Yes . Just say that what we 've had here were visitors from outer space . Outer space ? There 's a joker in every deck . I 've got something on scanner , Troy , and it 's moving fast : TRO Y : It 's a Viper : It has to be Xavier : Don 't lose him : Jamie , stay off our communications band : He 's on full turbo : He 'll hit star speed and begin time warping at this acceleration : We 'll never find him : We have to find him : Jamie : All right , I 'll be quiet : Good : Just nail him : Xavier , this is Captain Troy : I have you on scanner and locked for destroy : Troy , you 're a very intelligent young man : But you 're hopelessly obedient to Adama 's futile plan : Infiltrating Earth and advancing her technology isn 't futile : It 's our only hope of survival : Keep him talking , Troy : We 're gaining on him : You 're a dreamer and I 'm a warrior : Goodbye , Troy : Xavier , if you try to pass into time , I 'll be forced to fire : You 're too late : He 's going : Did we get him ? For the sake of those people on Earth , I hope so : Don 't look so disappointed . You performed miracles . Boy , the people down on Earth sure are gonna think so . I mean , I don 't know how they 're gonna explain the things they saw . Most people don 't believe what they see . And they have very short memories . Thirty years later , they 've all been forgotten . I am sorry about Xavier . Oh , don 't be . You stopped him , at least this time . Yeah . Any idea where he 's gone ? Oh , no . I got a story to report and a job that 's not gonna wait for me forever . Jamie , forever is merely a dimension of time . What 's that supposed to mean ? I 've read Troy 's report . Your knowledge of Earth 's history more than upset your inexperience as a warrior . I don 't like the drift of this . Jamie , we must bring Xavier back . If he succeeded in doing what he tried to do in Germany in 1944 , it would have altered the lives of two or three generations of people on Earth . Can you imagine what would happen if he tried to tamper with a country called America in the 1700s ? Pre-revolution . Yes , the days of witchcraft . When people were burned at the stake for practicing black magic . He could change the United States from a democracy to who knows what ? Yes . Is that where he 's gone ? The 18th century ? I 'm afraid so . Well , Jamie , sounds like we could use your help . Talk about missing a deadline . What about it , Jamie ? We don 't have much data on that period of Earth 's history . And we do make a pretty good team . Without you , things might not have timed out . Well , why not ? Good , good . I did hear that Benjamin Franklin had a way with the ladies . Maybe I 'll get a chance to find out , first-hand . Shameless .
