 THE RETURN OF GODZILLA ( Gojira 1984 ) Diakoku island , southern most of the Izu islands Three months after the eruption Hey , are you alright ? I 'm fine . I 'm losing it , Captain . The helm is out of control ! There 're something in the tide ! What ? What happened ? This is one gigantic current We 're heading to the islet ! This is Yahata-maru . We 've come across a huge and bizarre storm ... Current position : west of Diakoku island This is a news update . A huge storm caused by last night 's low pressure has resulted in many missing ships - Anyone on the ship ? the number of shipwrecks is increasing One of the suspected missing is a 77-ton fishing vessel Yahata-maru , registered in the Misaki harbour . The vessel lost radio contact while sailing near Daikoku island . Its whereabouts is currently unknown . still alive ! He 's still alive ! It was ... a monster The island suddenly rose from the water like an enormous rock ... Except it was alive . Wait ! Do you mean that monster , Iike the sea-sIater , or something else ? I saw something else The monster was shimmering in blue light And it roared ... Did you see it clearly ? It was so huge ... ... I couId only see part of it from the control room This is Maritime Security ! We 're saved ! - We will begin rescuing you please listen to the instructions of the rescue team members Izu island Do you think I made it up ? Stop kidding me ! Listen to me , Editor , that 's what the survivor told me ! He saw a gigantic monster and a sea slater and nine mummy-Iike corpses They are the evidence Editor , this is headline news ! please understand how serious this is I do , I 'II bring the film to you . He doesn 't trust me at all . Gigantic creatures ... I can 't believe it myself honestly , neither did I at first . Ok , take care " Kanto Second police hospital " Professor Hayashida ! Okumura ... I heard that you saw monsters . I 've seen it with my own eyes ... Professor , since I got back I 've been telling my story I 've told the Maritime Security , the police , and the people here , over and over again Why does nobody believe me ? naturally . No one would believe it . The entire crew was killed and I 'm the only one left . The monster he saw was ... godzilla . godzilla ? I know Okumura well He tells the truth . ( Head of Research - Henmi Shou ) Having said that , even I couldn 't believe it . Besides , how can we explain the corpses ... found on the Yahata-maru ? Their blood and body fluid were sucked dry by the giant sea slaters You must find it strange , how sea slaters , some centimeters long can grow into such giants .. They are parasites , and their host was GodziIIa . The radiation from GodziIIa has causes them to grow into giants Why do you think GodziIIa would appear out of the blue ? Three months ago , there was a Iarge-scaIe volcanic eruption causing a series of crust movement awakening GodziIIa to rise to the surface . " Prime Minister official Residence " godzilla ? ( Prime Minister - Midamura Kiyoteru ) I was hoping I couId finish my term peacefully . ( Chief Secretary ' - Takegami Hirotaka Just becuse Godzilla is still out there , it doesn 't mean that Japan will be underthreat Though you might be right , Takegami ... Sir ? We 'd better treat this as strictly confidential . This is the most fashionable . Your noodles are ready Thank you Where shall I put it ? Here Thank you It 's Maki What brings you here , Maki ? Editor , why is the story only briefly reported ? please explain . There 's a good reason Let 's go to the chief The Maritime Security Agency , the police and related agencies are informed not to release any news The Yahata-maru with Okamura and 10 others on board , is still listed missing What on earth is going on ? The authorities have acknowledged the existence of a monster . But why keep it a secret ? The monster is godzilla , that 's why godzilla ? I knew it . If your story is extensively covered , it 'II definitely cause panic across the country The stock market would collapse . The cabinet would be out of power You 're the only one who wants it to be a headline . So that 's why you didn 't print it ? You can 't do everything the way you want . As Secretary Takegami suggested , we seek help from this source Professor Makoto Hayashida Professor Hayashida ? Excuse me . Professor Makoto Hayashida ? Who are you ? Maki , of the Toto daily So it 's you . I heard about your story Professor , what precisely is your research about ? The genetic mutation ofthe Vinegar fly . What has that got to do with GodziIIa ? I heard that you lost your parents in an attack by godzilla 30 years ago Did you start researching GodziIIa so that you can get revenge ? Do you want to kill it with your own hands ? At first , yes , but now ... Professor , is godzilla a living thing ? Since most people think that godzilla was created out of radioactive energy . it 's made by humans So humans are really the monsters . and godzilla is a nuclear weapon nuclear weapon ? A living one capable of destroying anything Besides , rumor has it that godzilla is immortal We can 't destroy it ? That 's not entirely true , ... it 's an animal after all Excuse me ... Do you know this girl ? Yes . Who is she ? Okumura 's younger sister Sister ... Has she seen Okumura , then ? No , not yet . I haven 't told her about Okumura being rescued because of the government 's orders But you have met Okumura , right ? Is he still in the hospital ? We 've met . You know Professor Hayashida ? I 'm his student in the university . I 'm a part-time assistant in this research institute . So ... are you Okumura 's sister ? Yes . Are you a friend ofhis ? Yes . What 's your name ? Naoko . Are you worried about your brother , Naoko ? Do you have any other family ? He 's the only family I have Though he knows he might faiI at school he spends months out at sea every year in order to put me through college Listen , your brother is still alive It 's outrageous that the government is trying to hide this from you ... My brother is still alive ? Yes , but he 's being confined Confined ? But , why ? He saw GodziIIa In the fear that this might cause panic the government has put him under house arrest and banned any news about it They ignore the feelings of Okumura 's family for the sake of national security That 's why I have to tell you the truth . Maki ... Your brother is in the Second police hospital . Thank you please , Iet me see him No visitors are allowed at the moment please ! ... Wait ... please , Iet me go ! No ! You can 't go in ! ... Naoko ! Brother ! I 'm sorry I made you worry It 's great ! Naoko ! ... Stop it ! ... Get out ! How touching ! No pictures ! I need it for my exclusive coverage Get out smile ! It hurts Let him go ! We have permission from the Chief Cabinet Secretary Do you hearthat ? That 's enough It 's not time to publish them yet . " Soviet missile atomic-powered submarine " Depth , 300 meters . Distance , three miles . Bearing twelve degrees . Target approaching Target position , front right Target approaching possible attack Check sonar ! Maintain tracking ! Captain , the target is not an ally We do not detect any engine noise . No variables for analysis Distance , 2.5 kilometers Speed , 40 knots Reading shows that the target has fired a torpedo ! How come ? could it be a whale ? would a whale fire a torpedo ? I mean the American nuclear submarine ! America 's newest Distance , 2 miles Bearing still 12 degrees ... We are going to crash ! Torpedoes ready Steady ... Torpedo 1 , fire ! Torpedo 2 , fire ! Dive to depth , 400 meters ! Torpedo 1 , on target ! Torpedo 2 , on target ! Enemy torpedoes clear It 's seems there 's no otherway to knock down this advanced submarine but to start a nuclear war . Captain , the enemy is heading towards us ! Distance , 100m ! They 're closing in on us . Stay in dive mode . Stay away They 're still closing in , getting closer . Water in starboard Starboard and Iarboard , steer ! full speed ahead full speed ahead full ahead ( Foreign Minister - Emori Seiichi ) Prime Minister , we have a problem Soviet Bureau of Foreign Affairs announced that in the Pacific 450 kilometers north of Agoshima , south ofHachyo island . A Soviet atomic submarine was attacked The Soviets are convinced it was an American attack . Has the American government acknowledge the attack ? The Department of State denied it Our embassy in Moscow sent us an emergency report The Soviet government has announced to the US and NATO that the Soviets have entered a fuII-scaIe red alert According to East European news services ... the Russian Federation are ready to attack It could be war at any time The state of warfare might escalate Since the USA and the NATO allies have prepared their forces at fuII-aIert status Tension among both sides is mounting ... Nations currently remaining calm but this war might soon break out What is this ? Five minutes afterwe received the S.O.S ... the P-C anti-submarine aircraft confirmed the Soviet atomic sub did sink in the Pacific I didn 't believe it at first ... Chief Secretary Contact the ambassadors of the US and the Soviet Yes , sir And lift the ban on the news of godzilla This is going to be serious Latest news shows that Super-power tensions nearly resulted in a nuclear war According to our investigation , the US was not involved in any way in the sinking of the Soviet submarine The military conflict between both nations is resolved local anti-submarine aircraft has confirmed that the Soviet atomic submarine was attacked by godzilla before it sank . The fuII-scaIe red alert has been called off This picture taken from underwater might be the proof This is godzilla ? Has it been verified ? Is there any other evidence ? It 's confirmed . godzilla still exists This was verified a few days ago on the 19th The survivor from the fishing boat , Yahata-maru , that was missing near Daikoku island Okumura testified that ... He is the only survivor As the sole survivor all I can do for my mates , is to roar at godzilla with hatred and extreme rage I 'II never forgive that monster ! Never ! hold it ! " GodziIIa still alive ! " " GodziIIa Sinks Soviet Sub " 'WiII GodziIIa Attack Japan ? " " GodziIIa Returns " " Survivor Back to family " Professor ! Where 's Naoko ? Everyone is crazy because of godzilla You might be a good journalist ... But I was wrong about you ( THE GODZILLA EMERGENCY COUNTERMEASURE HEADQUARTERS ) " assemble the navy , the army and the airforce and launch the counterattack against GodziIIa That is all . Chief of Staff , with what is available here , are we able to defeat that monster ? Sure we are But do we have anything to fight against its heat ray ? We do We have Super-X Super-X ? secretly researched and developed for the security of the capital Armoured with titanium metal Circuitry made out of platinum , designed to withstand extremely high temperatures . Now with GodziIIa as ourtarget , Cadmium artillery has been specially designed As cadmium is used in sealing nuclear reactors I suppose it should work against GodziIIa forthe same reason So this is how it works This huge shadow is godzilla We believe it 's 80 meters in height will it come to Japan ? That 's the problem godzilla will look for nuclear materials to feed on That 's why it attacked the Soviet submarine This is where you first found GodziIIa " FuII-strength Strike Nation-wide GodziIIa alert " It 's left the Japanese territory ? It 'II be back . There 's no doubt about it We have what it needs here . " FuII-strength Strike Nation-wide GodziIIa alert " godzilla ... " Ihama nuclear Power plant , Shizouka Prefecture " ... GodziIIa ... Prime Minister , due to the dense fog we failed to detect GodziIIa in time Go on Ok That 's the core of the nuclear reactor " Radioactive energy Detector " It has consumed the energy in the core ! This monster . " GodziIIa Breaks Through Warning " " Raiding Ihama nuclear facility " " black Monster from Dense Fog " " nuclear facility a Ruin " " Sucked the Energy and Vanishes into the Sea " 'Threat Returns to Japan " Thank you Maki ! Okumura ... I always thought that ancient dinosaurs had a homing instinct Now I can prove it So GodziIIa has it too ? It uses magnetism like a radar reacting to the axis of the earth Migraine birds use it , too Birds ? Sorry , something I don 't get ... back then , why did GodziIIa suddenly return to the sea from the nuclear plant ? Because it has had enough radioactive energy ? Professor Migrating birds I recall a flock of migrating birds flying by the sea with GodziIIa chasing them I saw it It must be that godzilla was chasing after the birds The magnetism in GodziIIa reacts to the flock of birds Great . We can figure a way to use it against it . Okumura ! Yes ? I have an old friend Minami , he 's a geologist please go and help him in Mount Mihara Yes , " Mount Mihara , Izu island " Hayashida Institute Okumura , this is Maki Ok Professor ! It 's Okumura Okumura , what did Minami say ? So ... it is possible ... . As you can see , with a little pressure the core will erupt it works theoretically like this liquid . That is to say to initiate eruption manually is possible The question is , how can we lead GodziIIa to Mount Mihara But with what you 've found out , soon that won 't be a problem Can we do it ? godzilla responds to its homing instinct and we can trick him with some compound ultrasound developed from some magnetic theory ? I don 't get it and we need the Professor 's effort also what about the people living in the vicinity ? The lava would not flow out Residents on the island would be safe We 'd better leave the task to the self Defense Force SDF will continue their progress and we need the Professor 's effort also As for the residents ' safety related officials will develop a contingency plan . That 's about it . honestly . I 've never thought about killing GodziIIa by initiating a volcano eruption It 's a bit shocking to me This is no way to kill it Do you have any ideas , Professor ? Didn 't you sense it back in the nuclear plant ? When it appeared 30 years ago godzilla was spoken of as a legendary monster I have to go Goodbye When the world is in chaos Monsters appear Legends like this are all over the world The return of godzilla means the world is going to be in turmoil I just want to send it home That is all I want to do " Chevsky , Soviet special Envoy " " Rosenburg , American special Envoy " The Soviet Union has decided to use tactical nuclear weapons in dealing with this giant invader Human lives are to be protected , by all means necessary Prime Minister , There 's no alternative against GodziIIa ! We ask for your permission for us to use nuclear weapons in dealing with GodziIIa ! Prime Minister , Sir , we 're desperate for your approval May we have your permission ? The size of the affected explosion will be limited to the smallest required The most advanced tracking system will be used to ensure accuracy in aiming at the target The situation is serious , we must take action If Japan is attacked by godzilla , its next target could be any of us or the Pacific fleet base at VIadivostok ! Prime Minister , We need your answer ! Defense Minister , The tactical nuclear weapons mentioned by the two nations ... what scale are we talking about ? 10 Metric tons About half the size of the bomb used on Hiroshima Secretary of the national Land Agency , If GodziIIa lands on Tokyo , what would be the damage ? That isn 't something we can speculate . The general Director of Science and technology Agency . If a tactical nuclear weapon is used , 3 square km ofIand surrounding will be completely destroyed ... If we could evacuate the residents the damage will be lower . This is at the least of what will happen Finance Minister , please don 't jump to conclusions If we resolve to use a nuke , how can we deal with the radioactive faII-out ? Besides , who can guarantee this will work ? If the capital is destroyed , the economy will be destroyed as well ! The natural Resources and Energy Agency should think about this What we should think about is whether ... tacticaI nuclear weapons will work We haven 't tried No one knows what would happen That 's why we should try May I say something ? please tactical nuclear weapons work only in smaII-scaIe combat The US and the Soviet Union have hesitated to use them in real combat That 's why You think they want to experiment on us ? exactly . That 's why they 're saying the same thing Sir , if we decline their request We might face diplomatic isolation Thank you all for your opinions Let me state our principles towards not using nuclear weapons We neither manufacture , possess nor import any nukes . And we are going to follow through with these principles What a selfish nation ! Our submarine was attacked by godzilla . Our loss is beyond measure We have every right to destroy it ! exactly because we have to consider the price we have to pay We have to hold on to our principles It 's safer not to use nuclear weapons ! It 'II destroy the balance of the earth , it could lead to the end of the world That 's how terrible it is If you have to take our principles as selfishness , I 'II admit it But aren 't you being selfish ... desiring so much to use nuclear weapons ? What do you think ? There 's nothing we can do Let me talk with the leaders of your countries " Soviet nuclear satellite for Ground Attack " " US nuclear satellite for Ground Attack " Prime Minister , what did you say to the leaders ? I said , that if GodziIIa attacked your countries will you , without the slightest doubt , decide on using nuclear weapons in Moscow and in Washington ? I have persuaded them both . ( Soviet Operative Colonel Kashirin ) " Soviet Freighter " What is it , colonel ? After the meeting , the government called off the nuclear bomb launch We 're done here It 's GodziIIa ! It 's moving underwater towards Tokyo Bay ! We speculate that godzilla will land somewhere along the coast oftokyo Bay The self Defense Force have decided to fight GodziIIa by injecting him with cadmium solution will that work ? I don 't think we can assume GodziIIa as an atomic reaction plant I 'm not interested in this method Give me the update Yes , sir We 're running out of time No matter what we have to finish this ASAP Second Team , commence operation Copy that . Southeast Team , commence operation Move it ! How is it ? Team One 's current state is normal . Operation in progress This is Command vehicle The anti-submarine sonar has detected nothing mobile Command vehicle calling Countermeasure Headquarters No sign of godzilla along the bay colonel , go ! Danger ! Run ! Run if you 're afraid I must remove the missile launch control ! colonel ! I must stop it ! I need help ! Chief of Staff , Is Super-X ready ? Loading the Cadmium shell . Ready to attack any time godzilla is heading to Kasumigaseki It will pass through Nagatacho , Akiosaka and Aoyama Residents should be alerted godzilla is now heading forthe Yotsuya and Shinjuku districts ! AII residents must evacuate ! Professor , are you ready ? Get me the data Ok godzilla was right above us ! The Countermeasure Headquarters has issued a report ... After landing , godzilla is passing through Nagatacho , heading for Shinjuku ! AII inhabitants must evacuate to the designated shelter immediately ! This is mobile Command vehicle calling Countermeasures Headquarter This is Countermeasures Headquarter We are beginning the diversion operation as planned ! Command vehicle transporting vehicles to designated location vehicle One , to Sumitomo building vehicle Two , to the central Park vehicle One copy vehicle Two copy That 's almost it Everyone 's gone . Is that what you call , " I Iove Tokyo ? " welcome aboard , godzilla That will do What is this ? What is it ? This is not a gathering go get what you want Don 't walk around like this walking in Shinjuku won 't make you a civilized person Adjust to minus one Yes Done . We did it ! Professor SDF chopper will pick us up in no time Make it quick Yes , sir Are you alright ? Yeah . Are you ok , Naoko ? The lift isn 't working Let 's go to the stairs Ok , Iet 's go , quick ! The blast just now triggered the automatic lock Damn ! Great ! How 's Super-X ? It 's started " Super-X , capital Defense Master Craft " Let me help Cadmium shells , ready to fire ! Roger ! Fire flare guns fire ! Cadmium shells , fire ! Fire Fire Fire flare guns Fire Sir , we have a situation here We received a report from Soviet Ambassador Zasimov He said there 's an emergency A nuclear missile was automatically targeted at godzilla ! The missile will hit the target in thirty minutes ! That is in Shinjuku district We have thirty minutes left ! How could this happen ? The report said that the missile control unit was on board a freighter in Tokyo Bay which was later destroyed by godzilla And the unit was automatically triggered How dare they ship it in ? Can the Soviets control the missile 's path ? What about exploding it in outer space ? No , not with their own missiles . We have no time . We need complete evacuation of the Shinjuku District in 30 minutes That 's not possible What ? Evacuate to the subway and underground streets As quickly as you can Yes , sir Foreign Minister ... Yes , sir ? Issue an emergency signal , request the US to strike the missile down Consider it done Sir , we have analyzed the orbit of the Soviet missile This is the orbit of the nuclear satellite for ground attack Location of launching 200 kilometers above Mexico . The missile will pass from the stratosphere into outer space . Then the target will be locked aiming at the location of godzilla in the Shinjuku District of Japan congratulations congratulations Thank you very much for your effort Evacuate ! Now ! Don 't go there ! Danger ! Retreat ! Stay away ! Professor ... it 's GodziIIa It 's not dead . It 's not going to die ! I wish I was at Mount Mihara Emergency broadcast ... According to the instruction from the Countermeasure Headquarters a nuclear missile was mistakenly fired by the Soviets which ... might explode in the air of Tokyo Professor ! AII residents must evacuate accordingly to designated safety shelters including all subways , in the platforms or along the railway Repeat . Residents should abide by the order and evacuate to a safe location . The US has arranged to launch a missile against it " US Armed Forces , Kadenair Base " The Americans have launched their missile ! It should take six minutes to hit the Soviet missile , about 70 kilometers above Tokyo . Are you alright ? I 'm fine Look , there they are Okumura ! Brother ! Ok ! Brother ! Naoko ! Okumura , is the nuclear missile going to explode ? The Americans have fired a missile to destroy it in the stratosphere ! It will be shot down ! There are strong air currents ! Hurry ! Here , Naoko ... Professor , you first ! Professor , now ! Professor ! Professor ! - Professor , are you alright ? - Yes , I 'm fine Naoko ! Brother , go , take this to the Professor ! Okumura , we 're running out of time ! Go . Maki , please take care of my sister Brother ! Are you alright , Okumura ? The wind is too strong ! The chopper isn 't steady ! Prime Minister , the evacuation is underway ! Two more minutes The Americans have fired a missile in order to destroy it in the stratosphere That doesn 't mean it 's over ! please stay in a safe location The professor is confident ofthe Americans ... but the missile is still heading toward us and godzilla is waking I don 't know ifthe chopper can reach the island ... We 're going to die here The missile will not hit us and the chopper will make it ! What 's with you ? It isn 't like you at all ! I 'm scared I won 't let anything happen to you The target is down ! What happened ? Prime Minister , the unusual phenomenon you just witnessed ... was the electromagnetic wave from a nuclear explosion in outer space or within the stratosphere ! The rotors have stopped ! Commander , the jet nozzle is suddenly out of order Keep it balanced Yes , sir ! Can you make it start ? Yes Great Commander ! We 're out of cadmium shells ! AII we have left are these regular shells It 's ok , Iet 's go Let 's go please hold the hose ! alright ! We 're coming down ... Come on No Don 't be scared We are under attack . Run ! That mutt faked it ! Run ! Naoko ! Are you alright ? Instead of a disaster take it as an opportunity ! This is lighter Why are you messing around here ? Go ! You idiot ! Down ! will he feel it , Professor ? He 's marching towards Mount Mihara The Professor has done it ! I 'm going , too Let 's go and check it out ! AII the circuits are repaired godzilla is heading towards Mount Mihara " CaIdera Base , Mount Mihara " Professor , godzilla is approaching ! Yes .
