 General 's aboard . 'Morning , sir . How are you ? Welcome aboard . Thank you very much . 'Morning everybody . Stand easy , please . How is your board today ? Yeah , I 'll bring that key . Thank you very much . ... I had for these missions , we 're in for today ... we have one fine ... , eight F-4s , four KC 135s they 're executed by the second ground at 4 : 15 , 04 : 15 this morning ... The president is located in Camp David , the commander in chief of Europe is ... out of position until the 21st , and the vice state sec is in Anders for the day and he 'll be back later this evening approximately at 19.00 . This is a current intelligence situation you might take particular notes to the nuclear submarines of the east and west coast . OK Please to review those ... Yes sir ! Coffee , general ? Yeah , with some sugar , please condemned the Soviet action and it imposed economic sanctions ... which has not stopped the Soviet military presence along the West German frontier . NATO intelligence sources reported a massive build up of infantry and army divisions along the Elba river , extending all way south to the Czech border , which the US fears to seriously jeopardize the following round of the army reduction talks . The Soviet ambassador declared that it was a ... usual war training exercises . The west german ambassador told him , that explanation is unacceptable ... and called the attitude provocative . Ambassador Karajin ? Provocative ? You call us provocative when you ... Americans have 260 thousand soldiers ... and 7 thousand nuclear weapons on the other side of our border . Like it is born , we have to do something about this these days . Now here 's the problem : the septum don 't knit properly . The aorta is rising from the right ventricle ... and the pulmonaria from the left . We 'll make a nice little hole between the two sides of the heart ... to allow the blood to carry enough oxygen to the rest of the body . It 's scheduled for Saturday . - No way ! I have 36 hours straight ... - I 'm in the Lawrence , starting tomorrow . Hello , Joe ! What did you have for the lunch ? I had turkey with beans . Nurse said she 's getting me some ice cream , but she didn 't come back . - What flavor do you like best ? - Vanilla . Coffee with vanilla . You heard the man , let 's find him his ice cream . Any of you , guys , see anything about an alert ? Not this weekend , buddy . I 'm going to fish . When he goes fishing , he generally falls in love . We fall in love when we fall in love . Every weekend you fall in love . Don 't you get self control ? Think of it , I 'm used to a not quite weekend . We can help but I got 30 days . Maureen and I 'll take a skip all down to New Orleans . I wouldn 't go making any big travels at least for while . - ls that an order ? - Just a feeling . We are so late ! - Where is my vest ? - What ? Here ! I get on my shoe . They will kick my butt if we 're get late at this thing . Would you hurry ? My hair is gonna be a mess . Get up . - Okay . Let 's go ! - Hang on ! - Okay ! Bruce is gonna make a grand entrance . We should 've told her to come with us . They probably just wanted a little privacy . - Privacy ? - You know , Dad , privacy . Jolene , that 's disgusting . What did I tell you ? Your old man look furious . Hello ... Where have you two been ? Hi , mom . Hey , buddy . Put this on your pocket until I ask it for . - You got that ? - You bet . Hi Bruce ! Well , should we all get started ? Sorry , we 're late . Sparrow 3-5 is asking for permission to land . Sparrow 3-5 , this is officer 1 control . You 're clear to land with your two ... Roger , officer 1 . There 's no site checks to do sir . And no problems for the personnel . It sounds good . - Scam stand right on fire key : D - E-F-G-H-V . Okay ? How it 's going ? How is the work top side ? - Good morning . - How are you doing ? - What do we have for today ? - Everything looks to be normal . How 'll upstairs ! Our sorry ! Is our clean of green with the exception of foster the level yet we may not have some sight for two more hours . Dad , you 're schedule is busier than president 's . - Maybe I should run for office . - What ? Do I have to make an appointment to ... an open-heart surgery to get an hour with you ? - Hey , what 's eating you , fruitcake ? I 'm sorry. I 'm just jumbly . Don 't say that I sound like mom . - You saw 60 Minutes last night . - No ! I 'm taking you some place I bet you 've never been inside in 15 years . Oh , come on . Sometimes it 's hard to know how to experience the Chinese landscape ... because the artist doesn 't tell you where you 're watching from ... like in a corral or something . Do you know why ? Because he wants you to be in the landscape , when you 're looking at it . You mean , a God 's eye point of view . No . Yes , if by God you mean every - where inside , sort of thing , yes . - What is that funny in between look ? - ln between what ? In between knowing whether should tell me something or not . Okay , Dad . I 'm moving to Boston . How come ? See ? That 's why I didn 't want to tell you right away . I have to deal with your hurt feelings and mom 's ... All I asked was why . It is time for me to leave home . You haven 't been living at home for two years . An apartment 26 blocks away isn 't exactly independence . Of course choosing Boston wouldn 't have anything to do with ... what 's his name ? - Gary . - Gary starting medical ? No ! Maybe a little . But it 's not like we 're going to be living together or anything . At least , not right away . Growing up it 's like growing apart . Maybe it 's a natural phenomenon . Have you told it to your mother ? Tomorrow , I decided to start with you to work my way up . - l am easy ... - Easier . It is not so easy . - What ? - To say good-bye . ... booking that plane ticket , man . I 'm gonna lose my ... I don 't know why you 're blind ... You gotta drive now isn 't all be pretty nice ... Okay ? Come on you guys ... - Come on ! - All right , all right . Hey , give my bag , will you ? - What is wrong with this thing anyway ? - lt won 't fly . Hey ! Willy , we got a silo here , man . - Can I make cookies ? - You can 't , you 're only 4 . - You could show me . - Sure , go ahead . But clean up ! ... since NATO 's insistance on positioning medium range ... Pershing 2 missiles cruising the south of Europe ... has caused Great Britain to revaluated his own nuclear commitment . Scrap it all together , the Labor Party said , it 's the way . The real fear is : when the chips are down and the red light is blinking ... " The USA won 't really want to sacrifice Chicago for Hamburg . ... according to NATO intelligence reports as of this morning there are now three Soviets tank divisions spoiled along the Fulda Gap . The USA issued a strong protest regarding the Soviet presence in an emergency session of the ... UN Security Council this morning . A protest responded to indirectly this afternoon ... by Soviet foreign minister 's meeting in Brussels for trade talk with the common market . " Speaking with ABC News , the Soviet foreign minister claims that ... " the USA have the car before the horse . - Where is Alan ? - He is at Jacksons having supper . They have a barbecue at 7 : 00 . He doesn 't spend much time round here , does he ? Who does ? Looks like I 'm here . Yes , that 's good ! Thank you . I thought you told him you 'd teach in Lawrence tonight . Sam will teach for me . I 'm going out tomorrow afternoon . Do you want to go to the movies tonight ? We could date in the drive-in . Well , if we just stay here ? Yes , it 'll be fine . We light a few candles and hear some roxy music . What is getting with you ? - What ? You don 't like my ideas ? - l love you. lt 's just that you ... You 've been talking to Marilyn , don 't you ? She told me about this scholarship and Boston . She said you 're just a marvelous father . I can handle myself pretty well . It is good to see her so excited about to move . is that what is important ? How excited she is ? She would follow Gary in that old rabbit trap ... Rome , Mexico ... She 'd only apply to Boston because ... - Wait a minute , let me turn this ... The blockade of West Berlin continues ... The action follows reports earlier this evening of wide spread rebellion among several divisions of the East German Army . To repeat : East Germany tonight sealed off the borders to West Berlin ... closing the 4 principle West german access borders in Lauenburg , Helmstedt , Herleshausen and Rudolphstein . I can 't believe that it 's happening . Do you want to go to living room and watch ? No . I just want to go upstairs and get in the bed ... with you . Notice , we got some kinda stand party ... Tonight is the last night we see each other till sunday ! Hell , I must fit my gown . No one will be at Arthur 's tonight . The whole town are at the game . It 's not like we haven 't ever made love before , Bruce . What now ? You 're getting sick on the pill ? They are right over there . Can 't you wait two more days ? No ! You 're crazy , do you know that ? Where is it ? Upstairs , in my dressing table drawer . What a good is it doing up there ? Go get it . Go on . Come on . Go get it . Jolene ! Jolene ... You give that back to me ! We 're interrupting this program to bring you a special report ... East Germany tonight tightened the string all around West Berlin . They 're holding all air traffic in and out of Tegel and Tempelhof Airport , separating the citiy 's life to the West . This action has been condemned by NATO foreign ministers ... as a violation of international laws ... Jolene ! Open this door right now , or I 'll never talk to you again . ... tomorrow , Berlin time at 6 a.m. Eastern day light time ... will be regarded as an act of war . After an emergency meeting with his Cabinet and Congressional leaders of both parties ... the president tonight declared all US Military personnel on world wild ... stage two alert ... Soviet ambassador , Anatoliy Karajin was summoned to the White House three quarters of an hour ago . - Mom ... - She was in mine ... Well ... All right , you don 't have to tell me . But I expect the two of you to settle it among yourselves ... otherwise I 'll see that your father settles it for you . Now , Jolene , I could show you to clean up some casseroles when you through . Give that to me . Press secretary David Townsend reports ... that both sides are engaged in frank and earnest talks ... aimed at finding ways to defuse the heightening crisis in Berlin . My God , it 's 1962 on over again . Cuban missile crisis . Do you remember Kennedy on television telling Kruschev to turn his boats around ? Full retilatorial response . He didn 't bet an eye . We were in New York , in bed , just like this , remember ? - 118th Street ... - Meatball-sandwiches from Sharkie 's . Your last year of residency . That 's where we made Marilyn that night . We got up , went to the window look for the bombs . It didn 't happen . It 's not gonna happen now . People are crazy , but not that crazy . Do you want to know for crazy ? The Donnellys left today for Guadalajara . - Guadalajara ? - l spoke to Herb when he was pulling out . He said they 're dovetailing their vacations with the " rising international tensions " . - Cut it out . - l am not kidding . They took the Vietnamese maid ... and that rotten little barking dog whom the boys often chase . And that little combination of ... tractor , lawn mower and golf-cart with the silver hop caps ? Probably ... What if it does ... what will we do ? You told me nothing like this was ever gonna happen . Maureen , it is just an alert ... we 're going around and check twice instead once . That 's it . What 'll I tell my mother ? She 's got the house all set , a room for Skip ... Why don 't you go down ? I 'm serious . Take Skip and go down . And I 'll join you when this thing is over . That 's just great ... Billy , I 'm sorry . I know that I am not making any easier on you . I love you ... You know that . I love you too , Maureen . Just 5 and a half months and I 'll be out of the service . I 'll be working 40 hours a week , making U $ 17,50 for hour . Are you taking everything you got ? Damn it Maureen , it is an alert ! It 's 4 sets of everything , it 's just strip clear by the book . I am scared . There is nothing to worry about . I 'm gonna be right next door ... I 'm gonna be on the base the whole time an I 'll call you every night . Okay ? The cows are out . What do you think , you and me take some breakfast ? The White House today issued a strong deny that the USA concentrated any unitateral military action in response to the deteriorating situation in East Germany . Press secretary David Townsend speaking for the president unequivitely stated the administration support for the NATO-packed alliance ... Denise ? Where in hell have you been ? Don 't you just walk by me when you hear I 'm asking you a question . What are you doing sneaking in here ? I 'm not sneaking. I never sneak . Then why did you come in the back door ? I didn 't even know the door was unlocked , dad . - l 'm out with Bruce riding around . - Riding around ? All night ? Frankly , dad , that is not your business . As long as you live under ... Dad , please , don 't say that , because I 'm getting married tomorrow . Jolene ! You keep back and stop easy droping . I 'm not easy droping ! I 'm just waiting you finish up so I can get by to the bathroom . Use the one outside the kitchen , honey . The water is freezing out there . Well , hurry it up for pity sake . - Can 't you see that we 're talking ? - The whole world is holding its breath to hear what you 're talking about . What is all the commotion up there ? Nothing ... Let 's just forget what I said . You 're no sneaking . The trainer is doing a good job . He 's teaching kids defense . Yeah , they sure look good . Do you get a boy up there ? - Yeah , yeah , number 80 . Alan Oakes . I 've been watching him , he 's a good end , a good end . Good moves to the outside , he 's not afraid to take hit . - Do you have a son playing ? - Yeah , Doug Holland , number 68 . He 's only on stocking board . Yeah , he 's a born guard though , you know . Stocky , all heart . I try not to miss a practice when I 'm not on the road . I 'm right embarrassing him being around the bench . By the way , I 'm Doug Senior . - Russ Oakes , nice to meet you . - Same here . - Well , see you , Doug . - Okay , good-bye . ... NATO army tonight have broken to Helmstedt Checkpoint into East Germany and after heavy fighting are advancing under air support two miles along the EA Bundesgasse quarter , passed Marienborn toward Berlin . French news agency has received conflicting reports of east german resistance and heavy casualties but ground observance have confirmed that 2 Soviet - built MlG-25s invaded West German airspace , firing several air-to-ground missiles at a NATO ammunition storage facility . and also hitting a school and a hospital outside of Wurzburg . While we save a single blue baby ... they 're bombing hospitals in Wurzburg . I am afraid of listening the radio . Did you hear the later ? There 's a rumor that they are evacuating Moscow . There are even people leaving Kansas City because of the missile fields . I 'll ask you . Where are those go from Kansas City ? To Yukon , to Tahiti ? We are not talking about Hiroshima anymore . Hiroshima was peanuts . Do you understand ... what 's going on in this world ? Stupidity has a habit of getting its way . Dr. Oakes ... Dr. Oakes ... - Yes ? - Dr. Oakes , your wife called . Thank you . ... administration sources the city of Moscow is being evacuated . We repeat : according to our foreign administration sources the city of Moscow is being evacuated . It is not generally known in Washington in the present time , whether the evacuation order indicates the entire population of Moscow or whether other major Soviet cities have been similarly affected by the evacuation order . - Where is Dr. Oakes ? - He 's probably stopped in traffic on the I-70 . Hey , haven 't you heard ? He was gone fishing . - Who is in charge ? - Good question . Montoya is in Kansas City . Julian wants staff informed of emergency procedures in case of ... a general matter of evacuation 's in order . So he needs a medical ... Not me. I am just a resident with a 120 buddys to examine unfortunately most of them , males . Nice try . - Just like in the army . - Yeah . - Where will we be next week ? - Somewhere in the atmosphere . - Name ? - Stephen Klein . K - L-E-l ... Japanese ? - Age ? - 19 . - Residence ? - Joplin . - No , I mean at the Campus . - Davidson 4 . - What are you making , Steven ? - Medicine . He shoot the baskets . This is my second false alarm in 10 days early . Tension grabber , he says . - Where is yours ? - My what ? - Your husband . - He 's trying to catch a plane right now . He 's not the one who is going to have a baby . - What is it like ? - What ? - You know , having a baby . What 's you feel like ? - l never had one . - You said , " l know " . - l know what ? At the Emergency , I was talking about the pains , you said , " l know " . I know about the pains because I 'm a nurse . So I saw a lot like you . Do you want to know what it feels like ? It 's like I have a basket ball . - Where is everybody ? - They are watching the News . I saw Ticker and Judy Francis taking off , with their back packs and all . - What are you doing here ? - l 'm holding my place on line . If I don 't get the metallurgy classes , I can not graduate in January . What is going on ? They say the Russians had just invaded West Germany . ... rapid Soviet tank advances into the Fulda Gap . having already kept at NATO advanced positions along the West German border , the looming question is - how far the Warsaw pact forces go ? Will the Russians advance straight for the Rhine and defy NATO 's declared policy of defense by all of the means , including the use of tactical nuclear weapons ? The Defense Department today reported ... Fantasy Land . Do you think they are making this up ? Look , did we help the Czechs , the Hungarians , the Afghans or the Pols ? We 're not gonna nuke the Russians to save the Germans . If you are talking about oil in Saudi Arabia the I 'll be real worried . What do you think ? Gotta get a haircut . I think I 'm gonna hitchhike home see my folks . And I 'll see what 's happening on Monday . Joplin ? Are you going to Joplin ? Hey , son. I 'll give you a ride . I take you far in Missouri . Make it pretty . This is my last cut as a free man . I 'm getting married tomorrow . is that right ? Congratulations . The president is speaking on television tonight , maybe he 'll tell us some new . They tell us what they want us to hear . Keep the panic at the lowest stage . I really don 't think he 's decided to be the first one to use nuclear devices . It 's not a question of who , but where . Say we explode a nuclear bomb over their troops on our side ... the radiation won 't be drift over their side . They are crazy ! How do they expect it 's gonna stop with just one bomb ? Do you wanna know what crazy is ? Crazy is not standing out of peoples business . We should not be over there in the first place . Maybe it don 't happen . After all , I 've got symphony tickets for tonight . - The thing that bothers me is that damned launch on morning . - What 's that ? That 's when one side tells the other that they 're gonna fire missiles as soon as they think the other guy 's missiles are already on their way . You know , use them or lose them . What do you think the chances of that happens in the middle of nowhere ? Nowhere ? There 's nowhere anymore . You 're sitting next the Whiteman Air Force Base right now . That 's about 150 missiles ' silos spread out the state of Missouri . That 's ... enough for a lot of bulls eyes . ... there are still a lot of witness accounts to substantiate the rumour , that low Kiloton-range nuclear weapons were detonated this morning during a conflict resulting a reported destruction of Wiesbaden and the outskirts of Frankfurt . This is the Emergency Broadcast System . All persons traveling to Kansas City metropolitan area ... must go to the municipal shelter ... in the community or to the closer location . There 's no immediate danger to the Kansas City area ... The Federal Emergency Management Agency urges be taken in the event of a probable attack . - Hey , Jim , I 'm want you go home now . - But there 're a lot more ... I know . But you have a plenty to do at home . What did that dirt build ? Get on in the truck , son . Listen , I 'm on a cut on out now . Good luck to you . Hey Jim ! You take care of you . As soon as we get home , you run up some milk jars . Take half a dozen and put them up the water pump . - We 're gonna fill them with water and take them to the cellar . - Yes , sir ! My kids have just left on a camping trip . I don ' know how I 'm going to ... what I 'm going to ... - Anymore news ? - They just hit one of our ships in the Persian Gulf . - Who is " they " ? - The Russians ! Who do you think ? We got them back , one of their ships . Sarah , can you wash up for lunch ? These clouds , I really hope that they open up . I could use one more good rain for the cattle . Hey , did you kids hear me ? - Tell them to wait a few minutes ... - But the biscuits that three nuclear weapons are in the vault ... Kiloton range , were air bust ... this morning over advancing soviet troops ... Hey , Kenny , come on . Come on . ... and that both sides are working together to bring about the earliest possible cease the State Department says that the President is presently in direct communication with soviet premier nuclear bomb undetermined striked has exploded at NATO regional military headquarters ... Where are the girls ? Jolene is making the beds , Denise is taking a shower . Well , get them downstairs . Jim , can 't you see all I gotta do ? Don 't you know that it is pretty much a national emergency going on ? It 's just gonna have to go on without me becasue ... your daughter is getting married tomorrow and I 've got 67 mouths to feed . I hope so , but first we gotta get to take things into the cellar . Do you think there 's a tornado coming ? The man on the radio said that there might be a war . He said we should turn off all the radios and TVs . There 's not gonna be a war , isn 't it ? We need access to the keys and the authentication documents of the start . - Do you have your key ? - Yes , sir . Honey , I know , I 'm doing for us . Sorry , but I can 't take you any further . That 's okay , thanks a lot . - Good luck . - Yeah , you too . ... I gotta go ... roger ... stand by ... ... for the message message follows : A-7-8-N-F-1-5-2-2 castle ... yes sir , this is officer 11 ... We 've just started , sir , why ? ... we gotta get out of here stand by to copy the message standing by message follows : D-X ... ... a message of execution from the President that message also ... step one lock is asserted ... roger let 's naval the missiles programme slight switch to naval unlock code is inserted ... ... standing by unlock code inserted switch to naval to naval coordinates , naval command yes , this is officer on duty , would you do now call naval , thak you key turn on light bar ... ... standing by 5-4 - ... You kids come here right now . - Where is mom , honey ? - Upstairs . I want you to take those tarps and cans down to the basement , like I told you ... and stay there with Jolene . Do you understand ? Yes , dad . Eve , leave the beds now ! We have to go down below . Listen , those missiles are all gone on . - The gate , Wally ... the gate ... that damned gate ! - I got ... I got it ! Are you in communication with the capsule down there ? It was just cut with the launch . Even the radio went out . The radio is out ! They destroyed 2 of our radar warning stations . - Oh no ! Where ? - Beale Air Force Base California and in somewhere in England . Can you believe it ? They 've really done that ! They 've shagged them . They 've pushed those buttons . If we started first , they 're gonna try to hit what 's left ... but if they fired first , we just got the missiles out of the ground in time . Either way , we 're gonna get hit . - So why are we still stand around here for ? - Where do you want to go ? Oh , how about getting out of here. I gotta get my wife and my kid . We are still in alert Billy . No one leaves this facility . Not until the chopper comes again . You 're kidding me , man . The bombs will be here before the choppers , you know . The war is over , it 's over . We 've done our job . So what are you still guarding ? Some kind of a hole in the ground that I dressed up and nowhere to go ? - He 's right ! What about Starr and Boyle ? What are they doing ? They are 60 feets down drinking cold beer . - l 'm gonna go down there . - The elevator is secured . You here yourself talking , Bozo , ' cause I hear you sending : we got direct orders to be sit and die . - l 'm sick of that shit . - So what ? They have a 8 tons steel door , food , water for two weeks . They won 't let you go in there . There is still a little room at the elevator . You know as well as I do that a direct impact take out the main shaft and Boyle and Starr too . I 'd rather to take my chances down there . Come on , Billy . This was your idea . No , not in a hole in the ground was my idea . Come on , make up your mind . Because if I don 't gonna go down in that hole , you 're gonna shoot me in the back . So what the book says , Bozo ? What 's going on ? Those are Minuteman missiles . Like a test , sort of ? Like a warning ? They are on their way to Russia . They take about 30 minutes to reach their target . So do theirs , right ? Missile warning , this is BO ... combinate is high , I repeat , combinate is high . Roger . We got 32 targets in track and 10 impacting points . I want to confirm . is this an exercise ? Roger . Copy . This is not an exercise ! Roger , understand . Major Iron , we have a massive attack against the US this time . ICBMs , numerous ICBMs . Roger , understand . Over 300 missiles inbound now . Do we have to go down ? Well , I guess we can stand up here for a while . It 's better to go downstairs , folks . Come on , baby . Don 't die on me now . That 's Rusty . Dad , we left Rusty . We might be down here a long time . There 's not gonna be enough food and water for Rusty . You mean it 's just going to die out there ? We 're going to have to get used to things been a lot different . What matters is ... we 're alive and we 're together . It smells awful . How long will we have to stay down here ? I don 't know . I don 't know anything about radiation . What 's radiation ? Where did you get that ? At the broadcasting center , at the museum in the basement . If it still works ... These are getting scare as hen 's teeth . - lt shouldn 't stay out so long . - All we need is one for a short wave . - l hope I don 't blow myself up . - I 'm not sure about anything . Where is this positive ? Come on , come on . is this thing connected or is Connie still up on the roof ? She should forget to come down here . Here it comes ... Where is Dr. Montoya ? - Julian ? - Upstairs . Get the beds in the halls , away from the windows . Have you seen the number of people in here ? They think it 's a shelter . Where is Dr. Wallenberg ? She 's got all the radiological equipment . - What did you see ? - Why don 't we have emergency power ? There is no electricity anywhere . What did you see ? You came from Kansas City . What did you see ? I was on the freeway ... about 30 miles away . I 'm not sure ... lt was high in the air ... directly above downtown . Like ... the sun ... exploded . I 'm taking you to the hall , you 'll be safe there . To protect you from the radiation , it comes right through the windows . Hey Julian ... Julian . Thanks God you 're here , listen , only a handful of doctors are on duty . I 'm dungled about a quarter of the hospital staffed . You 'd better get the un-injured into shelters in the campus building . - ls it over ? - l don 't know. lt seems to be . How many were them ? Two in Kansas City . And there were more in the south . - Was it just Kansas or the whole country ? - l don 't know . My husband is in Sedalia . What about Sedalia ? - When will you do ? - I 'm over you . We 're gonna do everything we can to protect ourselves . What 's for ? Can I have your attention , please ? This is only a campus hospital , we don 't have many supplies . Unless you 're seriously injured , could you please go to other campus buildings ? We have to clear the area for those people that have serious ... Please , listen to me . Listen to me ! We need your help . This is a hospital . Those of you not seriously ill or injured ... have to work Work with our staff . This work will be dangerous , but we have to do it ... in order to survive . We tried hooking up an auxiliary pump to a backup generator and we 're still only getting a trick . I still don 't understand . Did they burn out ? Or it could have been subject to the E.M.P. effects . - What 's that ? - Electro-magnetic pulse . When a large nuclear device is air burst at high altitude , a lot of electrical disruption can be created principally with radios , communication systems , electrical wires , computers , cars , transistors . Of course , it 's all theorethical . It 's never happened before . In short , very little electricity . Forever ? We 'll have to find the nearest pump and chain gang the water in . Nobody 's gonna go out there and expose themself ... We need that water , how we 're gonna operate ? Wait a minute . Sit tight for a couple of minutes . What about the fuel to boil the water ? Heat food , sterilize surgical instruments ? What about bringing in wood ? You can 't burn wood . It 's been contaminated . Just put radiation right back in the air . What about bottled gas ? There is some butane but not more than about three days long . - Bruce ! - Be quiet . What are you gonna do with that ? Jim , that 's not a dog , that 's a person . - Get the hell out of here ! - Please , don 't shoot ! I was only looking for some water . Do you have another cellar on the barn ? I can 't die out here ! Let to him stay , Jim . Sure ! At night there will be 20 people pounding on the door . They won 't . They are all dead . I 'm the last one . I 'll help you anyway you want . I won 't be any trouble . I even brought my own food . Well , get on down here . Shut that door first . Jolene , cut that light off . Save it for when we need it . I just wanted to see who was . My name is Stephen . We are the Dahlbergs . I 'm Eve , that 's Jim . Denise , Jolene and Danny . He looked it when it was going off . Flash blinded . - lt burned his retinas . - What do you know about it ? Not a whole lot . I study medicine in K.U. - Do you know Bruce Gallatin ? He 's a senior . - No . But you from Lawrence , maybe Bruce is all right . I don 't know what happened in Lawrence . I was close to Harrisonville when it started . There must have been five or six of them to the north ... and a whole stream of them to the south . They must 've hit every missile silo from Sedalia to El Dorado Springs . All right now . All right . Have you been in the shelter the past few days ? Last night we stopped in a chicken coop alone . But otherwise you 've been outside since ... Yes . Hold still . It seems you 're making a martyr of yourself . You know what 's gonna happen next around here , don 't you ? I 've been trying not to think about it . We may be the only hospital operating within a 100 miles . Everyone half alive or dying will find the way here . It 's too late to become a dentist . What are you thinking ? I wonder who was spared . I wonder if New York ... Paris , Moscow ... are just like Kansas City now . Hello ... Hello ... is anybody there ? is anybody there ? This is Lawrence . This is Lawrence , Kansas . is anybody there ? This is Joe Huxley , I 'm broadcasting out of the science building of University of Kansas . is anybody there ? I have an atmosphere report for anybody who is listening . Dr. Oakes , do you read ? Come in , Dr. Oakes . Do you hear me ? Yes , Joe . We 're holding fast . We 're just here under 50 rads per hour . I thought it would be diminished by now . I guess that we 'll get a lot of fall out from Titan missile bases of Wichita or whereever else ... out west . That 's the way the wind blows ... straight toward St. Louis . When will it be safe , to move people to the other building ? It 'll never be safe . Come on , Joe . We 'll get down under 2 rads in an hour . If and when ... You picked up anybody else on your ... o your end ? Not so . This is Lawrence . This is Lawrence , Kansas . is anybody there ? Anybody at all ? That 's the first time you close your eyes in 3 days . I do it when you are not looking . - You look terrible . - You say that just like my wife . You should eat a piece of this orange . It 's maybe the last orange that you 'll see for ... a week and a half . When you close your eyes ... you start remembering . Remembering what ? My son . Catching the pass . My daughter starting at a painting ... I ... It 's an accident ... I 've been here . I had to come back here teach my Hematology class ... I 'd be in Kansas City ... with ... I 'm sorry ... Raving ... Oh , rave on , please ... I never imagined you ... Look at that . - impervious . - What ? - To radiation . You 're looking at the man 's legacy ... the only guaranteed survivor of the nuclear war . - Come on , Danny. I want you to eat . - l 'm not hungry . Denise , eat this , otherwise it 'll go bad . Jolene ... The battery went dead . We can see that , Jolene . - Where are the matches ? - l got it . What is it ? Day or night ? Day , I think . What day ? Wednesday . It 's Thursday . 2 : 30 ... When will it be sunny out ? I can 't remember . You can 't remember what ? It 's only been 5 days and I can 't remember what Bruce looks like . And we 're all been through a lot , sitting here in the dark What are we doing down here anyway ? It 's all over , isn 't it ? It smells so bad . I can 't even breathe ! You get hold of yourself . You know that we cannot go out of here . Why did I to use that thing ? We 'd been married by now , anyway . - Why didn 't I at least get pregnant ? - Just pipe down , Denise . Because now I can 't even see his face . I can 't see anything ! I can 't see anything ! - l can 't see anything ! - Denise , just calm down . I won 't wait a week Don 't go there ! I 'll get her . I owe you . See ? There 's nothing wrong out here . It 's a beautiful day ! No , it only looks that way . You can 't see it , you can 't feel it , and you can 't taste it , but it is here , right now , all around us ... it 's going through you like an X-ray ... right into your cells . What do you think killed all these animals ? - Where are you going ? - Holden . Oh yeah ? How come ? There are people there . How do you know ? A man with a CB back in Leeton . You 're from Leeton ? How is Sedalia ? I said , how is Sedalia ? There ain 't no Sedalia . And no Green Ridge , no Windsor , no nothing . 17 people died this morning . I would say that we are running a serious cholera risk . Say nothing in front of the buddies . And the morgue is filled . Shall we start using the garage ? Move the terminal radiation patients back to their rooms and make as comfortable as possible and I 'll talk to Joe Huxley about the RAD situation . Dr. Oakes , we are very low on morphine , and there have been quite a lot of stealing . They 're stealing food in the kitchen . A few minutes ago Dr. Strayhorn ... got his wrist broken trying to stop a fight in an emergency . Close the doors ! Don 't let anyone else in . Put on extra guards if you have to . How can we care for people if we 've no control ? is that what you trying to tell me , Julian ? Yes . Doctor ? Have you heard about firing squads ? Anything about firing squads ? What are you talking about ? They are shooting people . Shooting ? What 's for ? - Looting , hijacking , rip , murder . - Was that a trial ? It 's nonsense . That 's crazy ! Go back to work ! Hey , what are you doin ' . Cool it . Hey , don 't do that . Go on . It 's okay , baby. lt 's all right . It 's all right . Do you want the tip ? Do you see these people ? That 's us , man , if we don 't get to Lawrence . Do you hear me ? We had a good tend , by the way . They got a hospital in Lawrence . You 're not a big talker , are you ? Did Dr. Montoya discuss the Caesarian section with you ? Why ? There 's nothing in the way . I 'm just waiting now here like everybody else . Who knows what for ? Maybe that 's why you chose overdo . If you were new and had any choice about the matter ... would you be dying to be born into a world like this ? Do you think that your baby is deciding whether or not to be born ? Do you think I am holding back by force of will , Dr. Oakes ? Bad toilette training . No , I think you 've got to be willing to let your baby come , whether you like it or not . You 're holding back hope . Hope for what ? What do you think is gonna happen out there ? Do you think we 're gonna sweep up the dead , fill in a couple of holes and build some supermarkets ? Do you think all those people left alive out there are going to say ... " Oh , I 'm sorry , it wasn 't my fault . Let 's kiss and make up ! " We knew the score , we knew all about bombs , we knew all about fall out . We knew this could happen for 40 years . Nobody was interested . - l can 't argue with you . - Argue with me . Please . Give me a reason , tell me about hope . Tell me why you 're working so hard here . I don 't know . Corn and rye are total arse . We should 've harvest 10 days ago . The cows can 't graze . They contaminate the milk , as well as themselves . We 're lucky to be alive . We 'll see how lucky that is . - Name ? - McCoy , William . Airman , first class . - Home ? - Whiteman Air Force Base , Sedalia , Missouri . - This is my friend ... - One at a time . - He can 't talk . - What 's your injury ? I ... I can 't keep nothing in . Not even my own hair . I got bruises like ... all on my arms . See ? And it 's real bad . Look at him , he 's got all on his arm . Look , I know we got radiation sickness . The only question is that is there anything we can do about it ? The radiation count is now 0,4 rads an hour ... lt 's considered safe for limited exposure outdoors . We ask all of you not suffering from specific physical injury ... to seek fresh sheltering in campus buildings . " There was a great earthquake and the sun became black as sackcloth . And the third of the earth was burnt up the third of the trees and all the green grass . And then from the smoke came locusts on the earth , with the power of scorpions . And they were told them ... They 're told not to harm the grass of the earth or any green tree but only those who have not the seal of God upon their foreheads ... " We , here today counted among God servants we give thanks to be ... Oh Lord , God , Almighty for rewarding thy servants and those who fear thy name , both great and small and for destroying the destroyers of the earth . - Petti 's county hospital is closed down . - The university hospital , in Lawrence . I don 't know. lt 's awful far . It is her only chance and Danny 's too . - Look , stay here ... - She 's my daughter . I 'm gonna bring her back . What 's going on ? Eve , we 're gonna have to try to get her up here , it 's a little more secure . I 'm going to try to put her feet here . Help me with her head . Denise ? It 's your dad . Dad loves you . What do you see ? Cows , telephone post . Usual stuff . - Have you seen what 's going on out there ? - Yes . What are we going to do ? We gonna let them in , Paul . Many as we can . ... president of the USA . My fellow Americans . All the extent of damage to our country is still uncertain ... and shall probably remain so for some time . Preliminary reports indicate that principal weapons impact points ... included military and industrial targets in most sectors of the US . There is , at the present time a cease-fire with the Soviet Union ... which has sustained damage equally catastrophic . Many of you , listening to me today ... have suffered personal injury , sudden separation from the loved ones ... and the tragic loss of your families . I share your grief , for l too have suffered personal loss . You 're in this hour of sorrow , I wish to assure you ... that America has survived this terrible tribulation . There has been no surrender , no retreat ... from the principals of liberty and democracy ... for which the free world looks to us for leadership . We remain undoubted before all , that Almighty God ... " The Government functioning under certainly extraordinary emergency options ... we are prepared to make every effort to coordinate relief ... and recovery programs at the state and local levels . During the next two weeks , my staff and cabinet ... will attempt to relocate to National Emergency Reconstruction Headquarters . At the present time and until radiation pattern reports are made available ... over the emergency broadcast band or through your local authorities , I urge you to remain in areas offering ... maximum shelter protection from radioactive fall out ... and to obey all local retreats . We are counting on you , on your strength , your patience ... your will and your courage to help rebuild this great nation of ours . God bless you all . That 's it ? That 's all he 's gonna say ? Hey , maybe we 're gonna be okay . - What do you wanna hear ? I wanna know who started it , who fired first , who pre-empted ? - You 're never gonna know that . - What difference does it make ? He should had told us who fired first . - You want us to think we lost the war ? - You believe everything they tell you ? Do you know what Einstein said about World War Three ? He said he didn 't know how they 're gonna fight World War Three ... but he knew how they would fight World War Four . With sticks and stones ... Dr. Oakes , we have to contain with the number of bodies ... the time required to each individual burial . The danger of infection now is so great that the only solution ... is to repair for public graves on the outside of the town . They 're waiting you in the surgery . You 're five minutes late . Are you all right ? - Do you get a boy out there ? - Number 80 , Alan Oakes . ... we 're all changing , daddy , don 't you see ? ... ... I swear that we made Marilyn that night we 're all changing , daddy , don 't you see ? ... ... stupidity has the habit of getting its way experience the chinese landscape it 's not going to happen . What if it does happen ? ... ... Hiroshima was peanuts Hiroshima was peanuts the landscape this is Lawrence , Kansas , anybody out there ? ... ... people are crazy , but not that crazy ... Helen ? You 're not Helen . This must be the house for us . All right , it seems that I 'm dying . Maybe I am . We 're all are dying . Nurse ! I can 't find my shirt . I can 't find my shirt . I can 't find my shirt . Okay . Okay . Okay . Okay . Okay . Okay . Hey , give me hand ! We 're running out of shrouding packs . Can I use trash rags in linen instead ? That 's it . No more . What do you mean " no more " ? I 've got 3 chips of powdered milk and two kids at home and have been here since the day before yesterday . I 'm sorry , lady . What you want me to do ? Do you wanna come in and look around all the stuff we 're hiding ? - There must be food in there . - That 's for the other camp . Are you really a doctor ? You sure don 't talk like one . I actually am the pizza man . - What 's your name ? - Sam , Sam Hachiya . - What kind of name is that ? - What 's it sound like ? I don 't know. Italian ? There you go . What do you know ? Sam Hachiya Pizzeria . When can I see my sister ? That depends , kiddo ... You stay here , I 'll be back . I 'm not going any place . So what we want you to do now is to burn out your current crops ... start decontaminating the soil and plan next spring 's planting . Crop selection must consider plants least susceptible to ultraviolet radiation ... and use for human rather than animal consumption . Excuse me , but how do you go about decontaminating the soil ? You wait for the fall out to decay to safe enough levels ... to either plough under or to scrape up the top layers . How do you know what safe is ? We 'll have an NERA task-force advising each county agricultural cooperative . Task-force ? Where the hell 's ain 't they 're coming from ? We 're just going to have to channel animal feed to human needs . Except for dairy cows that pasture and certain poultry . Can you explain what do you mean by scrapping off the top layers of my top soil ? Exactly that , Jim , you just take the top , 4 or 5 inches in your top soil . And I do what with it ? We 're talking 150 to 200 acres a man , in here . Being big is one thing , being realistic is another . Suppose you find a hole where you can drop out all dead dirt ... what kind of top soil is that I gonna leave you for raising anything ? Where did you get all these information ? John , all this good advise ... Got some government pamphlet ! Fellows we are talking about a catastrophy here , not life as usual . Now , the National Emergency Reconstruction ... Administration 's primarily goal is to establish order . And to aid you and salvating your resources for the country . What 's going on down there ? What do you hanky doing down there ? Who are you , folks ? This is my home . Where is nurse Bauer ? Tell me , Sam . What was ? Meningitis . You shouldn 't go back to work right away . Doctor 's orders ? Right . All right. I 'll take some time off . See the sites . Take you some little vacation . Nice time of the year , fall . Where do you think to go ? Kansas City . Aren 't you curious ? Don 't you wonder about it ? I 'm not going back there . Why don 't you come with me ? They probably won 't let you back in anyway . I want to see my home before I die . - No ! - Okay ! All right , all right . I will get the bandage back on , take your hands down . Here we go ! This isn 't gonna work , is it ? It hasn 't been that long , Danny , there is a lot of who still got back a ... Your voice is shaking . I 'd like to go home now , with my mom and dad . Danny ... I 'll take you . Stephen ? What about Denise ? We 're all going home . Okay ? Come on . Thank you . You 're not really Italian , are you ? No ... So where are you from ? Kansas City . You look like you fell of your bike . Denise , I had a hard time finding you here . - How is Danny ? - He 's okay . What about his eyes ? The doctor says that I 'll be able to take you home in a couple of days . Are the phones working ? Are you kidding ? There 're ain 't gonna be any phones . They ... they gave me this ... ribbon to wear . But I haven 't got any damned hair to put it into . You look great . Helen ? Get out of my house . Didn 't you hear me ? I told you to get out of my house . Hello. ls anybody there ? Anybody at all ...
