 ( co-pilot ) We are being radar scanned . Bring a Bullpup on the line . [ Clanging ] Gabrielle , don 't get interested in Stringfellow Hawke . ( Archangel ) There 's no future in it for you or any woman . You 've got to get to Libya . That 's Khadafy 's sand pile . He doesn 't like us , String . In the desert , a body like this would wither and die . After a few hours with such a body , what would it matter ? We 've got 48 hours to recover Airwolf or they 're sending in the Marines . Chain guns one and two . Set . [ Wind whistling ] [ Wind continues whistling ] [ Panel beeps ] [ Engine whirring ] [ Panel beeping ] ( engineer # 1 ) ... Turbos one and two . ( engineer # 2 ) In the green . ( engineer # 1 ) Main rotor torque . ( engineer # 2 ) In the green . [ Engineers chattering ] I don 't believe you people . You haul my butt out of bed at midnight . You fly me off to only God knows where to see some lousy helicopter , and there 's not even any cream cheese . It 's not a lousy helicopter , Senator . It 's Airwolf . Well , whatever esoteric name you hang on it , it 's still an overgrown beanie with a propeller , eating its way through somebody 's budget . I hate bagels without cream cheese . [ Radio chattering ] ( Senator Dietz ) It 's a mean-looking bird , I 'll give you that . Who designed it ? The pilot . Dr. Moffet . Moffet ? Moffet . I know that name . Your cream cheese , Senator . The damn stuff is pink . It 's , uh , salmon-flavored . Only in California . ( Moffet ) Red Star Control . Airwolf . All systems are go . Airwolf , Red Star Control . You may clear the defense area . [ Whirring ] ( Dietz ) How fast is that bird ? ( Archangel ) We don 't know yet . So far , it 's only slightly exceeded the speed of sound . ( Dietz ) No helicopter can fly faster than sound . ( Marella ) Airwolf can . Basically , Airwolf is an aerodynamic lifting body with a twin turbine-driven rotor system capable of propelling it to 300 knots . ( Dietz ) In other words , it 's a fast , twin-engine jet chopper . ( Marella ) One can express it in those terms except this jet chopper can disengage its rotor system and ignite these two additional turbines . 9.6 seconds after ignition , Airwolf can exceed Mach 1 from sea level to 65,000 feet . ( Marella ) The crew consists of an in-flight systems specialist in the electronic data command center to monitor turbine temperatures , fuel and lubricant pressure , rotor synchronization , all onboard flight systems . ( Marella ) The second crewman is a counter measure specialist . His primary M.O.S. Is to suppress , neutralize , or destroy any weapons threatening the integrity of Airwolf . [ Beeps ] He also has a duplicate flight system control in case the aircraft commander becomes incapacitated . ( Marella ) And finally , the Aircraft Commander , who 's responsible for positive flight control , target acquisition , and weapon system selection . ( Marella ) The latter offers him 14 firepower options ranging from 30mm cannons to nuclear-tip Shrike missiles . In other words , Senator , Airwolf is a Mach 1-plus chopper that can kick butt . If Airwolf can " kick butt " like she says it can , you 've developed yourself a tactical weapon . But that 's not the Firm 's mission . No , sir , it 's not . But when the project started 20 years ago after the Bay of Pigs , the Firm 's priorities were a little different . Then as the years went by ... The project grew . Now you 've got Topsy , what are you gonna do with her ? You can only keep the lid on testing and development for so long . And if the Firm puts Airwolf in the field , it 'll leak to Congress in a week . And they won 't take kindly to the Firm 's developing secret tactical weapons . That 's why the Firm would like to turn this prototype over to the Department of Defense and let them take credit for it . In exchange for what ? Reimbursement of development costs and the first five Airwolfs off the production line . Talk to me in dollars and cents . $ 1 billion , Senator . Give or take a few cents . [ Keys clicking ] [ Computer beeps ] ( woman ) Red Star to ground leader , stand down . To demonstrate Airwolf 's tactical capabilities it will penetrate a typical Soviet defense zone , the type used around their I.C.B.M. Sites , their military command posts and communication installations . ( Dietz ) Simulation has a way of always making the test vehicle look good . ( Archangel ) That defense zone is filled with Soviet equipment and manned by personnel who know how to use it . This isn 't a simulation , Senator . ( Marella ) Those guns out there are loaded . Airwolf . Red Star Control . You have a go . [ Computer beeping ] ( Dietz ) He 's gone . Dropped below the radar . He 'll use the mountain range to block our defense radar until he can exceed Mach 1 . ( Marella ) After that , he can penetrate the defense zone from any point on the compass . [ Computer buzzing ] [ Whirring ] Holy ... ( controller ) We have a visual sighting . ( controller ) Grid Whiskey Lima five . ( controller ) Penetration track indicated . ( controller ) Speed , Mach 1 plus . [ Computer beeps ] No shots fired . I 'll be damned ! He busted right through the Russkie 's front door without a scratch . Not quite . The computers have Airwolf 's point of penetration into the defense zone . They can interpolate his most likely approach to the target area and deploy TU-36 helicopters to block the canyons . ( Dietz ) He 'll have to climb out of the canyon . That would put him on S.A.M. Radar . He has no choice . [ Missile firing ] ( co-pilot ) I have a heat-seeker on our six . ( co-pilot ) I.F. Suppressor on . ( co-pilot ) Still closing . Popping a sunburst . ( Dietz ) He got past them . He 's not on radar . ( Dietz ) He 's done it . It 's not over yet . Unless your Dr. Moffet 's a fool , all he has to do is stay in those canyons until he reaches the target . A passive defense mechanism might force him up . What the hell is that ? ( Moffet ) Wires ! We have radar contact . Stand by to launch missiles . [ Computer beeps ] Damn it . ( co-pilot ) We 're being radar-scanned . [ Controls beeping ] Jamming . Launching missiles . ( co-pilot ) I have four incoming radar-controlled missiles . ( co-pilot ) Three are off target . ( co-pilot ) One is on our track at 10 miles and closing . ( co-pilot ) Missile impact , 12 seconds . ( Moffet ) Hold heading and deploy the A.D.F. Pod . ( engineer ) A.D.F. Pod undeployable above 300 knots . ( Moffet ) Reverse thruster engines . Stand by to reengage rotors . ( engineer ) Thrusters reversed . Speed , 700 knots . ( co-pilot ) Missile impact in seven seconds . ( engineer ) Rotor reengaging . Speed , 400 knots . ( co-pilot ) Missile impact in five seconds . ( engineer ) 375 , 350 , 325 ... ( co-pilot ) Four seconds . ( engineer ) 325 . ( co-pilot ) Three seconds , two seconds ... ( engineer ) Pod deploying . My God , they 've blown him away . Not quite , Senator . [ Airwolf engine roaring ] ( Dietz ) Dr. Moffet , this is Sen. Dietz . I want to congratulate you on the most spectacular weapons demo I have ever seen . I 'd like to shake your hand . You already have , Senator , on Project Proteus . Proteus ? ( Dietz ) That was at White Sands in the ' 70s . ( Moffet ) I trust the Senator remembers me . [ Radio buzzes ] Well , it was a ... It was a long time ago . Yes . The Firm has shown great confidence in my ability to , uh , to change . [ Laughs ] ( Dietz ) I 'm sure that trust is well-founded . Not really . [ Whirring ] " [ Cello playing ] [ Screeches ] " [ Cello continues playing ] [ Screeching ] [ Engine droning ] Yeah . It 's perfect . ( Archangel ) Nothing is perfect . Not even this . Well , I don 't know what can be wrong with this . We 're here . " [ Music playing ] " [ Music continues playing ] ( Archangel ) Stringfellow Hawke . Gabrielle . Hello . Where 's Marella ? [ Liquid pouring ] Oh , uh , sick leave . Sorry . This is a nice wine . It 's a Montrachet , isn 't it ? ' 79 . It 's been a long time . Two years . I have a job for you . '78 . Oh , I didn 't know that ' 78 was still ... I already have a job . This one pays $ 1 million . ( Archangel ) Half now , half on delivery . Of what ? Airwolf . Moffet stole it five weeks ago . You blew it . Yeah . Hindsight is a wonderful gift , Mr. Hawke . " [ Music continues playing ] You scared the eagle . I what ? Flying in , you downdrafted an eagle . I 'm sorry . Tell that to the eagle . I wasn 't expecting company . I 'll get another trout . God , he 's infuriating . Only because he likes you . [ Wind whistling ] [ Birds calling ] [ Fire crackling ] ( Archangel ) Moffet probably flew it south through Central America then jumped from Brazil across the Atlantic to North Africa . ( Archangel ) Same route we used to ferry planes in World War II . ( Archangel ) It took two weeks of concentrated satellite surveillance to confirm Airwolf 's location . ( Archangel ) It 's in Libya . ( Archangel ) Khadafy 's got it . [ Fire continues crackling ] ( Hawke ) Great . That means so do the Russians . Not yet . So far , he hasn 't even let them take a look at it . Khadafy 's keeping it for himself . Why don 't you just blow it up instead of stealing it ? Can 't . Moffet 's erased the Airwolf program from the Firm 's computers . ( Gabrielle ) And it 's gonna take a new development team , even working with the old subcontractors , an estimated 5.3 years to build a new prototype . This reproduction , it 's really excellent . I saw the original in Paris at the ... at the lmpressionist Museum . No , you didn 't . ( Hawke ) What 's the Firm 's position on Moffet and the crew ? If you can , bring him out with you . The other two aren 't important . And if I can 't ? ( Archangel ) Use extreme prejudice . I saw the original in Paris one month ago . No , you saw a copy . Are you trying to tell me this is the original ? So how do I go in ? ( Archangel ) As a petroleum engineer from Mirabelle Oil . It 's a French firm , but most of the technicians are Americans . Once you land in Tripoli , our operative there will help you . The carrier Enterprise will be standing by in the Gulf of Sirte . You probably won 't have to fly more than 200 miles to get there . ( Hawke ) Yeah , through Khadafy 's army , navy , and air force . At least it 's not the Russians . It 's their equipment . ( Archangel ) But the Russians aren 't manning it . ( Hawke ) You don 't know that . ( Archangel ) We have people in there , Hawke , and they 've reported the equipment is being manned by the Libyans . ( Archangel ) Besides , you 're being paid $ 1 million . Hell , how much did Moffet get ? Probably $ 5 million . And I get $ 1 million ? One usually has to pay traitors more than patriots . Moffet didn 't do it for the money . Neither will I. I want Saint John . You 're not serious ? [ Fire crackling ] God , you are . ( Archangel ) Hawke , he 's been an MIA for 14 years . The odds your brother 's alive are 10,000-to-1 . Well , if he is dead at least bring his body back . I got a job flying in the morning . ( Hawke ) You 'll find blankets in the window boxes . It gets kind of cold around dawn . Good night . I don 't think he 'll pull this off . He can . The question is , can we ? [ Wind whistling ] [ Archangel grunts ] [ Fire crackling ] ( Gabrielle ) Stringfellow . [ Gasping ] You startled me . I couldn 't sleep . I was looking at your collection . It 's incredible . I thought I heard you moving around up here and just wanted to talk . Just about the art . How anyone could have put together a collection like that . It 's fantastic . I 'm sorry . I guess it 's none of my business . You didn 't come up here to talk about art . Yes , I did . Don 't . This is what you came here for . No . No . Archangel 's worried I won 't take the assignment . You 're here to sweeten the deal . You 're wrong . Well , you 're a liar . You didn 't come here to talk about art . Yes , I did . Maybe not totally , but I didn 't come here for Archangel . A liar 's a liar . And a whore 's a whore . Damn you . You 're too late . God already has . ( Hawke ) Gabrielle . My grandfather collected the art for my grandmother . [ Screeching ] ( Archangel ) The money is unimportant to him . [ Whimpering ] That 's right . Good morning . ( Archangel ) No . He won 't accept that . He 'll demand hard data . We 'll have to inform the President . Eggs ? Oh , no . Coffee , please . Absolutely not . [ Chair creaking ] Is he up yet ? Left a couple of hours ago . If the committee has a better idea , I 'm listening . I 'll be on blue channel till 08 : 00 . [ Hanging up phone ] The committee is going to blow this one . I can feel it . I don 't think Hawke 's going to do it . What makes you say that ? I talked to him last night after you went to sleep . Come on . It 's too early in the morning for incriminating looks from the boss . Gabrielle , don 't get interested in Stringfellow Hawke . There 's no future in it for you or any woman . Why not ? [ Sighs ] When he was 12 , he and his parents were in a boating accident on the lake . They drowned . Just before he shipped out to Vietnam , he and his girlfriend were in a car crash . She died . In Nam , he and his brother went down in the same mission . He got picked up . Saint John didn 't . Stringfellow is afraid that anyone he loves , or might love , will die . That 's why when he was so cold to you yesterday I knew he liked you . How 's that for some paperback psychology ? Makes sense . Everyone he loved can 't have died . There is one who 's survived . Up to now , anyway . [ Police siren wailing ] [ Tires squealing ] And cut ! [ Bell ringing ] ( Dominic ) I am not going to let that stupid jackass kill himself with my equipment . He can 't talk to me like that . I 'm the star . Blaze is right , Santini . He 's the star . If he wants to kill himself , he can . Well , fine ! Then let him use one of your cars , not my helicopter . I thought we already had this worked out , Mitch . Listen , now . Maybe Santini 's right , Blaze . Uh , I mean , we are talking about life and limb here . Now , wait a ... wait a minute . You guys listen to me . Mona Kahn heard that I was doing my own flying in this flick . ( Blaze ) She 's here to film me for her T.V. Show . Well , I wonder how she heard that . She heard it because I did it before . ( Blaze ) I mean , I flew a hang glider in ... in ... in Winds of Oahu . I flew a Navy jet in Wings of Gold . You had a Navy pilot with you . He told me I flew it ! He ... he said I was a natural , he said that I hardly had to touch the stick . And besides , Hawke has been letting me fly for three months . I 've been backing you . What does he mean by that ? He means he 's been on the controls correcting Blaze 's mistakes . ( Blaze ) But I 've been up there doing it for the cameras , and I 'm gonna do it for Mona ! Either that or you can use your ... your choppers to haul tourists around Disneyland . Oh , yeah ? Yeah . Now you listen to me , Mr. Movie Star . ( Hawke ) Dominic . ( Dominic ) What ? If the man says he can fly , let him . I 'll ride shotgun to make it legal . But if you do that , Mona will think that you 're flying . I won 't touch the controls . If you do ... [ people chattering ] You 've got my word on it , Blaze . [ Turbine starting ] ( Mona ) To tell you the truth , Mitch , I thought your star had finally put it in the fire . Blaze ? Come on , he 's a straight guy . You know that . ( Mona ) Oh , yeah . ( Mona ) So what 's the other guy doing in the chopper ? ( Mitch ) Hawke ? Strictly for insurance purposes . ( Mitch ) We could never get coverage on Blaze for something like this . ( Mitch ) See , Hawke 's hands and feet are off the controls . [ Mitch laughs ] Ready ? You 're the pilot . [ Blaze laughs ] Right . ( Blaze ) What 's wrong ? Not enough left pedal . That 's too much left pedal . ( Mona ) What 's that stunt called ? Well , it ... it doesn 't have a name . ( Dominic ) You don 't normally see that unless you 've lost a tail rotor . There he is . ( Blaze ) Hawke , I 'm gonna land now . You 're the pilot . You can back me a little if you want , Hawke . Where is he ? [ Engine roaring ] There ! Hawke ! What is that ? ( Dominic ) A hammerhead stall . ( Mona ) Is it safe ? I don 't know . I 've never seen a helicopter do one . [ Engine roaring ] [ People laughing ] I always did say you had a lot of guts , Blaze . [ All continue laughing ] [ Gun fires ] ( co-pilot ) Moffet , don 't do this . ( co-pilot ) Leave him alone . [ Gun fires ] Stop it ! This is perverted . There 's nothing wrong with a little perversion , Mark , just so long as you don 't hurt yourself . [ Gun fires ] [ Man screams ] [ Water splashing ] Look , two out of three isn 't bad . [ Men chattering ] [ Gun clicking ] ( Kamal ) Dr. Moffet , you are looking more and more like an Arab with each passing day . Actually , I am getting more and more bored . I think I would like to go to Tripoli tonight . Whatever you desire , Doctor . Perhaps you could do us a favor first . Our beleaguered freedom fighters in Chad are being assaulted by the most brutal and barbaric weapons in the imperialistic French arsenal . Their reputation for life ... What exactly is it that your leader would like me to do ? To remove a French Mirage or two from the sky . Oh , really ? Is that all ? For now , Doctor . Very well . At least it will relieve the boredom . Excellent , Doctor , excellent . I am curious . What would happen if a bullet were to enter the intakes ? Nothing . I deliberately designed them with armored mesh shields . And the windshield is bulletproof , and the body armor-plated . What is your point , Major ? My point , Doctor , is that in the desert we have a saying : A lion can be killed by the jackal if the jackal knows where to bite . Where does a jackal bite a wolf ? Come here . Just here . This is the , uh , mid-air refueling intake . Now , one bullet up there , and the whole thing would blow up . But not , I guess , today . ( Kamal ) You are insane , Doctor . Actually , no . I 'm just quite bored . [ Gun firing ] ( co-pilot ) I have a target bearing 052 relative . ( co-pilot ) Angels five . Speed , 400 knots . Is your radar searching ? ( co-pilot ) Stand by , one . ( co-pilot ) Negative radar search . ( Moffet ) What type aircraft ? ( co-pilot ) Scanning . ( co-pilot ) Got it . It 's a Mirage . ( Moffet ) Bring the attack computer online and stand by for turbo ignition . ( co-pilot ) Target at seven miles , bearing 050 relative . ( co-pilot ) Still at Angels five . ( co-pilot ) He doesn 't see us . ( Moffet ) Deploy the A.D.F. Pod . ( co-pilot ) Deployed . ( Moffet ) Now hold it right there . ( Moffet ) Thank you . ( Moffet ) And that , gentlemen , is another victory for Khadafy 's revolutionary forces in Chad . [ Moffet laughing ] ( Hawke ) I 'm sorry about that , Dominic . ( Dominic ) For what ? Losing that job ? ( Dominic ) Hell , I ain 't had so much fun since your dad took old Purdy up in his P-40 . [ Laughs ] We were ferrying them , see , over the hump to Chennault . The Firm 's got a job for me . I thought you quit flying for them . They 're going to go after Saint John . Don 't do this to yourself , String . You don 't love your brother any more than I do . If I thought it 'd help , I 'd go to Nam and hunt for him myself . But it won 't . He 's gone and you 've got to let him go . Like I did . ( Hawke ) Dom , I need your help . ( Dominic ) Doing what ? ( Hawke ) Well , for starters , you 've got to get to Libya . Oh , sure , I 'll just , uh ... Libya ? Hey , that 's Khadafy 's sand pile . He doesn 't like us , String . We don 't like him , either . Will you do it ? Well , let 's see . ( Dominic ) Tony Boswick 's got a charter flying oil rigs to Libya from England . I could probably fly co-pilot on one of his flights . Sure , I can do it . Hey , but why can 't I go with you ? I don 't want the Firm to know you 're backing me . I am liking this less and less . What 're we gonna do ? Kidnap Khadafy ? Nothing that simple . [ Blades whirring ] ( Gabrielle ) Archangel wouldn 't let them take it . He didn 't want the Firm to take your art , but the committee overruled him . Why ? You turned down $ 1 million . That made them nervous . In exchange for Saint John . Well , that frightened them even more . They 're not even going to try , are they ? ( Gabrielle ) The Firm will do all it can to find your brother . They 're concerned you won 't take the mission till they have something tangible . ( Gabrielle ) They can 't wait . You 're the only man besides Moffet who 's flown Airwolf . You 're the only one who has a chance to get it back . Why didn 't Archangel stay to tell me himself ? He was called back to Washington . Besides , I was always the one who was going to brief you . Maybe . Maybe he knew I 'd take him apart . [ Tet whimpers ] [ Whimpering ] Did Tet put up a fight ? No . Smart dog . " [ Music playing ] " [ Music continues playing ] [ Men laughing ] I don 't understand what you Westerners see in women with such skinny bodies . In the desert , a body like this would wither and die in a matter of hours . After a few hours with such a body , what would it matter ? " [ Music playing ] I want her . That will be difficult . We believe she is an American spy . Perhaps I can question her for you . I could do that . Of course , Brother Khadafy was most pleased with your exploits this afternoon against the French on behalf of our beleaguered freedom fighters in Chad . Your destruction of two French Mirage fighters will be told about in the camps of our people until the desert sand turns to water . But it 's still not enough to pay for her . There are many women here who are just ... What is ? An American destroyer . [ Laughing ] Done . ( Gabrielle ) Her name is Angela . She is a dancer at the Red Castle . ( Gabrielle ) You 're not listening , Stringfellow . She 's our contact in Tripoli . Where does Archangel get them ? He found me when I was 15 . That was a rhetorical question . According to Angela , Airwolf 's located along the coast west of Tripoli . We have reason to believe it 's been used against the French in Chad . A Mirage fighter was shot down yesterday over the desert there . [ Fishing rod creaks ] Sit down ! Hand me that net . Ha ! It 's beautiful ! Yeah ? About three pounds . Um , now put it back . It 's ... beau ... I couldn 't eat that . It 's beautiful . You can 't kill it . Put it back , okay ? Please . ( Gabrielle ) You 're eating the poor thing just to spite me . I suppose you think I 'm being stupid . Yeah . I know people eat fish . I eat fish . It 's just that trout was very beautiful . Yeah , I think I understand . Do you ? Well , you just like to eat ugly fish . I don 't know . Maybe that 's it . You know , like sole . You know , sole has two eyes on one side of his head . That is an ugly fish . Yeah , I like sole . And pig . That 's not one of God 's most beautiful creatures , but I bet you like pork . Yeah , pork 's okay . And lamb ? Yeah . I love lamb . Cute , cuddly , woolly little lambs . [ Exclaiming ] [ Whining ] You know , anyone who would teach a dog to ... Ugh ! ( engineer ) Another fishing boat . 12 o ' clock . ( co-pilot ) We are being radar scanned . Able to absorb 93 percent of the signal . It 's American naval frequencies . [ Beeping ] The radar is emanating from a Knox-class destroyer . Bring a Bullpup on the line . It 's an American destroyer , Moffet . Bring a Bullpup on the line . ( co-pilot ) For God 's sake , Moffet , they 're Americans . [ Alarm sounding ] ( engineer ) Missile is five miles from target . Four miles . Three . Two . One . The missile is detonated . [ Screeching ] " [ Cello playing ] [ Eagle screeching ] That was lovely . You know , it 's obvious you studied with culture . You seem to know everything about me . No , I don 't . I knew you played the cello well . I didn 't know you serenaded eagles . I 'm trying to get her to trust me . To make her understand I won 't hurt her if she gets close . [ Helicopter whirring ] [ Inaudible ] ( Dominic ) String , if you don 't teach that mutt to keep out of my way , so help me , I 'm gonna land on him ! [ Panting ] You know , I wouldn 't want to tell anyone where to land . And you could 've given me a hand . He 's not big on helping hands . But I am . Hey , let me take one of those . No , no , no , no , no . L ... I don 't believe in women 's lib . Excuse me ? L ... I like , uh , I like the sexes the way God intended them . The way God intended them ? I wouldn 't press him , Gabrielle . You won 't like the answers . Well , I guess I 'm old-fashioned , but , uh , that 's my privilege , right ? Right . So long as you 've got some red meat in there . Oh , I got steaks , and chops , and burgers , and all of it . [ Chuckles ] Well , Tet and I end up eating most of them , but , uh , we keep hopin ' . Bless your heart . I haven 't had anything but vegetables for six days . Six days ? Oh . Wow ! I was beginning to feel like a carrot . You could have been a beautiful fish . Cute . Hey , Dom , I think I found a canyon deep enough to do that crop duster chase . Huh ? For Bellisario 's film . Oh . It will only take an hour or so . You wanna fix dinner ? Sure . How do you like your steak ? Oh , no , no , no . Count me out . I 'm headin ' for the field just as soon as we get back . Just put on two . Two ? Yeah , one for Tet and one for you . Oh , yeah , and , uh , and catch me a trout . Ha ! Nice meeting you , Gabrielle . Yeah , you , too , Mr. Santini . [ Chuckles ] [ Door closes ] Well , how do you like your steak , Tet ? [ Yelps ] [ Helicopter whirring ] ( Dominic ) I like her , String . A little skinny maybe , but I like her . ( Hawke ) Yeah , she 'll be thrilled to hear that . Yeah , but don 't tell her the skinny part . Did you get in touch with Tony Boswick ? Get in touch ? He kept me on the phone for over an hour . From England , yet . And with me paying ' . He remembered the time that he and your dad and I got drunk in Towbridge after the Schweinfurt raid , and we stole a pig from a nunnery . [ Dominic laughing ] We took him back to the field , fed him eight boxes of prunes , and locked him in Gen. Baxter 's office , [ laughing ] Overnight . Well , the next morning , that office was ... [ laughing ] [ Dominic stops laughing ] I guess you had to be there . When does Boswick 's charter fly to Libya ? Every Friday . He 's gonna have his engineer call in sick at the last second and I 'll replace him . ( Dominic ) But he can only pull it off once . More than that , the Libyans will get suspicious . ( Hawke ) Once is all we 'll need . I 'll fly to Tripoli a week from Wednesday . If you come in the Friday after that , it will give me two days to set things up . I 'll meet you in a club called the Red Castle . The Red Castle . Okay . How long till we get there ? About an hour . ( Dominic ) This is it . Valley of the Gods . Even the Indians don 't come up here . Can you blame ' em ? It 's cold . [ Laughing ] There 's always a little snow up here , even in summer . Sure would be a bad place to go down . They 'd never find you . That 's just what I 'm looking for . Some place to get lost . Well , I 've got that . How far down does it go ? I don 't know . I never hovered into it before . Thanks , Dom . It 's perfect . Anytime , String , anytime . ( Hawke ) Hey , Tet . You tell her how you want your steak ? That smells so good , I 'm almost tempted to ... Hope you don 't mind . Since you don 't eat meat , I didn 't want it to go to waste . Where 's Gabrielle ? I sent her ahead . We 're moving up the timetable . Four hours ago , one of our destroyers went down in the Gulf of Sirte . The press is being told that a missile went off in the magazine . That it was an accident . It was Airwolf . Damn it . The President used slightly stronger language . We 've got 48 hours to recover Airwolf or they 're sending in the Marines . ( Archangel ) The Russians have a missile task force shadowing our carrier group in the Med . If we invade Libya , chances are it 'll mean World War Three . [ Burping ] Damn , that was a good steak . There 's our ride . I 've got 10 hours to get you to Paris to catch a flight to Libya . I 'll have someone stay here to watch the place , take care of your dog . Tet takes care of himself . Why 'd you leave Gabrielle here last week ? To brief you . What about my art collection ? [ Sighs ] I 'm sorry about that , Hawke . I told the committee it was the wrong thing to do . I might have taken it out on her . You didn 't , did you ? No . [ Cutlery crashing ] I saved it for you . [ Airplane approaching ] [ Man chattering on P.A. System in French ] Stringfellow Hawke ? Yeah . Strip out of your clothes , please . ( Faye ) Your flight suit , take it off . We only have 16 minutes . Your name is Michael Derrick . I was briefed as Dr. Ted Burger . Dr. Burger was to go to work next Wednesday . The Firm had to pick another man on this flight . As near as we can tell , Michael Derrick has never gone to school or worked with any of the other passengers . As near as you can tell ? Ten hours is rather short notice , Mr. Hawke . Follow me , please . He 's been working in a remote section of Argentina for five years and went to college in Australia . I don 't think you 'll run into anybody who knows him . I 've had his background capsulized in story form . Chapter 10 . Try to read it before you speak to anyone on the plane . Latin Lovers ? I told you , I only had 10 hours . You 've 40,000 francs , a driver 's license , girlfriend 's photo , love letter from her and 10 minutes to catch your flight . Thank you . I was able to get clothing in your sizes . Of course , it 's used . Even the underwear , I 'm afraid . I never wear underwear . [ Men speaking French ] You 're on Air Libya , Flight 2 . One more thing . Angela is dead . How ? We don 't know . Her family simply received a wire notifying them of her death . We 're hoping it was an accident . Hoping ? If the Libyans made her and she talked , they 'll know I 'm coming . We don 't think they do . You don 't think ? There was no time to check . All we could do was to send in another operative who was familiar with the situation . What other operative ? " [ Music playing ] Is this one a spy , too ? Probably . She was supplied by the same theatrical agency as Angela . ( Moffet ) Angela was very fragile . This one appears to be a little more substantial . Are you going to be questioning her ? Eventually . Perhaps I could be of help . [ Panting ] You all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine . What the hell are you doin ' here ? My job . It was Angela 's job , too . I know . The girls said they found her in the desert . He tortured and killed her , the same as he did to those other girls at White Sands . You were right about Moffet . It wasn 't the money . He stole Airwolf so he could come here and do exactly what he wanted with women . Probably . If I see him , I 'm gonna kill him . [ Sighs ] Where 's Airwolf ? It 's at Kafir . That 's Khadafy 's summer palace on the coast . Mirabelle has an oil pumping station next to it . Angela arranged papers and a truck for the two of you to get in . Here 's the address . There are guns under the seat . I 'll meet you there by 2 : 00 . How do I get from the pumping station into the palace ? Along the beach . What do you mean " l " ? We 're in this together . You 're on the next Air Force flight out of here . The hell I am . I can fly Airwolf , you can 't . Either you 're on that flight , or I am . You 're not serious ? Stringfellow , I 'm not like the others . I 'm not going to die on you . I 'm gonna live to be an old woman ... 130 , easy . I won 't die , I promise . Damn you . Oh , I didn 't mean that . I know . I know . [ Sighs ] I 'll go . If you don 't come back , I don 't know ... I always come back , Gabrielle . That 's the problem . [ People chattering in Arabic ] Hey , mister . Wait a minute . Hey , hey , hey , it 's me . You weren 't supposed to be here till Friday . Oh . Then I 'll go back . Hey . [ Chuckling ] [ Police radio chattering ] Uh-oh . Hold it . Police . [ Dog barking ] [ Police radio chattering ] [ Speaking Arabic ] ( Dominic ) Well , I caught the news about that destroyer . I figured Airwolf might be behind it , so I flew out to the cabin and found Tet makin ' eyes at some cute little thing in white who said she was housesitting ' for you . Didn 't take a genius to figure out what happened , you know . How long have you been here ? Oh , a couple of hours . I hung around in the club for a while , but too many guys started asking too many questions . So I decided to stay out in the alley . You always did like to take the back way out of bars . It 's nice to see you , too , Dom . You think you can get this thing started ? Hey , piece of cake . You sure are confident . The keys are in it . And you know something , String ? I could 've sworn one of those dancing girls was Gabrielle . It was . Oh . She going out with us ? Ahead of us . Oh . You know , girls didn 't move like that when I was young . Dom ... [ laughing ] Boy . Of course , there was this one that we met in Brazil in ' 43 , your old man and I. Ooh , she could vibrate like a jackhammer . And she was as cute as a bug in a rug . Your old man thought that ... Dom , just start the car . Huh ? Oh , sure , sure . [ Engine starts ] Like I was sayin ' , your old man thought she was the greatest thing since peanut butter . [ Dominic laughing ] ( Dominic ) Of course , he hadn 't met your mom yet . Anyway , we had 48 hours before jumping ' off for Africa in a couple of B-17 s we were ferrying ' to Rabat , when all hell broke loose . [ Door opens ] ( Kamal ) Drop your hand . I can 't see a thing . Name . You have my passport . Name . Gabrielle Ademaur . Occupation . God . I don 't believe this . Just answer my question . I 'm a hoofer . A hoofer ? Yeah , it 's a dancer . Gabrielle . If that is your real name ... You 're damn right it 's my real name . We know you are a spy for the Firm . Oh , God . You people , you are really paranoid . Just because I 'm American doesn 't mean I 'm a spy , okay ? I 'm a dancer . I 'm under contract to Mirabelle Oil . I 'd like to see someone from the American Embassy now . There is no American Embassy in Tripoli . Then I 'd like to see someone who 'll listen to reason . Perhaps I can be of some help . ( radar ) Background Eagles airborne . Altitude established 4,500 , heading 040 . Angels 10 , heading 170 . ( Archangel ) Straight at the Libyan coast . You trying to egg them out ? There 's no need for that , sir . If your boys don 't get that chopper in four hours , our boys go in and blow it away . Our " boys , " Captain , include women , one of whom has already given her life on this mission . I 'm sorry , ma 'am . It 's just a figure of speech . ( radar ) Eagle patrol at angels 40 . Eagle , 180 video . It 's funny , isn 't it ? All this ... this hot sand and yet you can ... you can see the blue waters of the Mediterranean just a few miles away . Hmm ? Would you like a little ? Yes , I 'd like a little . A little you shall have . [ Man chattering on radio ] Hey , what the hell is it ? ( Hawke ) A TU-36 Dodger . It 's Russian-made . You see those air-to-air missiles ? Yeah . You know , String , in the past two hours we 've seen tanks , anti-aircraft guns , sand missile sites , and now a gunship . You wanna chicken out ? Yeah . So do I. [ Laughing ] ( Hawke ) Try French . Buon giorno . That 's Italian . I don 't speak French . [ Speaking Italian ] [ Speaking Italian ] Si . [ Speaking Italian ] The papers are for next Saturday . [ Dominic speaking Italian ] [ Dominic continues to speak Italian ] [ Laughing ] [ Speaking Italian ] Grazie . Grazie molto . Molto gentile . See , everybody speaks Italian . Yeah , except me . If you and Saint John had only studied Italian like I asked you ... But , no , you got a hard head . Dom . Eh ? ( Moffet ) You are very beautiful . Well , perhaps not at the moment , but you can be again . The water is so blue , so cool . Would you like me to take you to it ? We could ... we could be there in 10 minutes . But that would be cruel . The Mediterranean is very salty . Where 's Gordon ? ( co-pilot ) Come on , Chuck . You can 't just swim , eat grapes , and play around all the time . What 's the matter with you ? [ Exclaims ] I just talked to Capt. Ben Mofta . He said Moffet has , uh , has that dancer from the Red Castle staked out to a sand dune somewhere , torturing her . So what ? She 's nothin ' to us . ( Hawke ) Well , she is to me . Of course , there is still time for me to save you , Gabrielle . I mean , you may scar a little , but isn 't that better than dying ? Would you like me to save you , Gabrielle ? [ Murmuring ] [ Horn honks ] [ Speaking Arabic ] Moffet ? ( Hawke ) He 's inside . You were told to stand down . ( Hawke ) Check flight . Just a minute . Start the engines . [ Exclaims ] Charles , why do you have your helmet on in this heat ? Lift your visor . " Start it , " he says . Lift your visor . Ah ! [ Guns firing ] [ Speaking Arabic ] Give me the chain guns for the A.D.F. Pod . ( Hawke ) Offensive weapons panel . Right rear ! Guns one and two . Set . [ Screaming ] God in heavens ! Yeah . See anything ? Uh , nothin ' . ( Dominic ) But I ain 't sure I 'm workin ' it right , either . ( Hawke ) Tracks . Hey , String . Ha , ha , I got it workin ' . Yeah , I can see real good . Ha , ha . Hey , I ... I can see ... Oh , my God . ( Hawke ) Bring the canteen in the port storage bin . Gabrielle . Oh , easy , baby , it 's over . String . It 's okay . It 's gonna be all right . String . [ Trying to talk ] I was going to call . But Moffet ... I know . I understand . I wanted to see the eagle . You will . I remember you and the eagle all the time . All the time . Gabrielle . Gabrielle . No . She promised me , damn it ! She promised me . String , it 's done . ( Archangel ) I 'm afraid we 've lost him . He definitely cleared Libyan airspace . Two F-14s from the Enterprise were escorting him back when he disappeared . I don 't give a damn what the committee thinks . This time we 're gonna do it my way or you can kiss Airwolf goodbye permanently . [ Slams phone ] Could we borrow one of your F-14s ? [ Yelps ] Yeah . ( Archangel ) The committee finally saw it my way . Where did you hide it , Hawke ? In the mountains ? The desert ? At that junkyard Santini calls an airfield ? I know he was with you in Libya . It 'll be our little secret . But you 've got to return it or they 'll throw you in a hole so deep , it 'll take sunlight a month to reach you . It 's wired . If I don 't make a phone call every 24 hours , it 's a goner . I told the committee you 'd do something like that . And I told you I want Saint John . Yeah . ( Archangel ) The President is very upset to say nothing of the joint Chiefs of Staff , the Secretary of Defense , the FBI , the National Security Council ... Hell , probably the Boy Scouts . But the only one not upset is me . We built it , lost it , recovered it . Well , sort of . You were working for us . And now we 've lost it again . Hell , even if you were to give it back , there 's no way the President would ever let the Firm use it . I 'm not giving it back . At least , not for this . I know . But , Hawke , as long as you 've got Airwolf , Uncle Sam 's minions have to keep looking for your brother . They also have to try to get it back from you . That 's just the way the game 's played . [ Sighs ] So ? The Firm can help you , let you know what the other agencies are doing to entrap you , supply you with funds , lots of things . In exchange for using Airwolf on official business . Well , it 's the only way we 're gonna get to use it . And probably the only way you won 't get caught . Here 's your ride . [ Sighs ] I always said you had better ears than a snooper mike . Well , think about it . Then give me a call . Did she suffer ? [ Sighs ] What difference does it make ? Damn it ! I sent her out there , I want to know . No . No , she didn 't suffer . Thank God for that . " [ Cello playing ] [ Eagle screeching ] [ Eagle screeching ]
