 Again this woman ... from the sphere . SEVEN ELEMENTS Based upon the novel by V. Scherbakov Cast : Gleb - IGOR STARYGIN Valentina - IRENE ALFEROVA Aira - ANNA DUNOVSKA Dr. Olmin - ULDIS NORENBERGS Professor Yankov - ALEXANDER FILLIPENKO Olhovsky - BORIS HIMICHEV Alien woman - LUBOV VIROLAINEN We 're approaching . Look , this is my ship . D 'you like it ? It is nice . It turns out very comfortable : a residence and a lab . You wake up and get to work at once . So , why have you come ? I missed you . What is up with you ? I just felt like visiting you very much . Attention . The far space communication session starts . " Gandvana " is communicating with the spaceship . Request for landing . On the Heat Planet in the Centaurus Constellation the abyssal lake has been discovered . The unknown life form , slightly similar to that of the Earth , has been found there . The drones brought one of those plants to the spaceship . Also , the drone brought some alien rocks with mysterious and yet uncoded signs on them . But the Space Research Center experts say that unfortunately the soil probes lack other life forms . I wonder , why the drone brought the only plant species . What is to wonder ? There can 't be a planet with the only species on it . Life is like a river with many tributaries . Single-celled and other primitive organisms make up the foundation of the pyramid of numbers Without them nothing can exist . Congrats , Valentina . Why ? You are a biologist . An alien flower is your field . Yah , it 's queer , there 's no other signs of life in the soil probes . The life on the planet could be destroyed , while the flower is a relict , doomed to solitude . Such a beautiful lady like you shouldn 't ... What ? I mean , where did the smart girl like you get so pessimistic ideas from ? Tell me everything ! You know , I 've got a very strange incident recently . On my way to the airport I suddenly saw the glowing sphere . A women went out of it ... I felt as if one part of myself was on Earth while the other one - somewhere else ... - You 're pulling my leg . - No , I 'm not . I 'm honest . It all happened just like before ... Do you recall a story I told you ? I was 10 and I got swamped . It was her who saved me . I saw the very same sphere back then . So many years passed but she hasn 't changed a bit . - Are you sure you hadn 't got a trip ? - I 'm sure . It all looked as real as it had looked before . Valya , believe me , I 'm not a loonie . I believe you . Gleb , honey , but this is a serious incident . You should do something ! - What if it was it a contact ? - What contact ? An alien contact . I dunno ... Her appearance is usually followed by important events . Something crucial is to happen soon . And this flower the spaceship has brought to Earth . They have something to do with each other . And I may have something to do with it as well . - Have you told the story to somebody else ? - No . I told you . Shouldn 't you tell about it to someone ? You must do something ... No . We 'll wait . Let 's follow the destiny . - Have you told me everything you wanted to ? - What d 'you mean ? Forget it . Look , what a terrible live report . Hello , friends ! I 'm Tom Siliter , and this my show Sidney Evening Time . I know that dude . We 're breaking the movie to report the news about the Russian space expedition coming back . Moscow Super Computer has started deciphering the mysterious signs on the rocks . And an alien plant has been brought to the Phitotrone Lab in Nid . The Xenoflora Research Institute under the direction of the famous space biologist Oleg Yankov will study the plant . Oh , boy ! Oleg Yankov ! He was my classmate ! I 'm sorry to share all my problems with you all the time . I 've been thinking a lot about you ... about us recently . Well . You know ... I 'm very tired today . Are they mutants ? I 'd never think so . Whad does it mean ? When they are few , there 's nothing to worry about . The evolution just tries different alternatives . I see . But when ... when there are a lot of mutants , what will happen then ? It 's very , very bad . It means that alien elements have intruded into the ocean 's life and effected the most crucial part of the cell . It 's genes . Ages ago the USA Navy nuclear submarine drowned here . Since then the mutants have been appearing . Unfortunately , we don 't know what we should expect from them . So , we are just monitoring and studying them . I 'm sure , the ocean is the first to detect the threat to our planet . Yeah . Look , you know so much about all this stuff , don 't you ? ! Don 't touch anything here ! OK . Valya , aren 't you scared to stay here ? All by herself ... in the ocean ... I got used to . This is my job . Well , hm , OK ... I 'm sorry to part with you again ... We don 't have to . Why ? I 'm going to Nid , to the Phitotrone Lab , where your classmate works . Olhovsky has received an invitation for me today . Oh , I see , they have got the underwater flower . You guess right . Could you tell me if I can see the flower ? Unfortunately , this is out of question , the Phitotrone interior should be sterile . I think , it is enough for today . Perhaps , we 'll find the clue in the foreseen future . I 've recognized you at once . You haven 't changed a bit . You 're kidding . Here , - Meet my girlfriend ... - Oh , I see . ... and councelor . Dr. Anurova , the geneticist . You may call me Valentina . Valya . Nice to have met you . I 'm Yankov . Now our comps can build the model of life on that planet . We 've discovered only lifeless planets before that . I still can 't believe this ! You look just like a little boy . Yeah , and I 'm happy as a little boy . Still , the plant of this alien planet is somewhat queer ... What do you mean ? It 's interaction with the environment is too much active . It seems to impose its will onto the environment . Come on ! An intellectual ... plant ? It 'll make an awesome headline . - You 're exaggerating , Gleb . Besides ... - We shouldn 't accelerate the matter . You 're a very wise woman . We 'll shoot from two spots . Then we 'll take an exclusive interview . The Sun rays are spreading all over the space , and the insignificant part of them reach the Earth . But this insignificant quantity is still enough to warm the earth and the oceans and to give birth to this wonderful world of animals and plants . Our needs in energy has long ago exceeded the possibilities of Nature . We 've almost run out of the fuel supplies the Earth has been storing for billions of years . We must take the needed energy from the Sun for our civilization to live on . Our project shall stipulate the launch of a cone or a funnel to the Sun . It shall embrace the star . The funnel is an elementary particle flow . Then the Sun rays shall be trapped by the funnel and guided toward the Earth . We 'll have the cone waveguide . In the past before exploring the space we obtained just an incignificant part of the sun rays and it was wise ! Explain this . I 'd love to . Why did we find no such facility in the sector of the Galaxy we know ? Our telescopes can easily detect the photons caught by the cone trap . There must have been a civilization that mastered the stars energy control ! But there is no one ! There 's no facility like that by Mr. Olmin ! I don 't understand , what embarasses our Indian collegue . Such space facility is ecologically clean unlike our other sources of energy . Of course , we can take more energy from the Sun than it gives us now . But this means to interfere into the life of the entire star system ! Once we start to change the world around our star we shall not be able to stop . All the effects of the project are difficult to foresee right now . Our collegue from France is a bit wrong about the ecological safety of the project . The inevitable infiltration of the fatal energy into the Earth biosphere can effect the planet negatively . I think the UNO must approve such a serious interference into the life of our planet . Dear friends and collegues , we appreciate your concern . For the moment our project is under improvements . All the necessary changes are being made . We shall consider your wishes and offers . Thanks , everyone . Hello , could you answer some questions from the " Ocean Herald " journal ? Fine . Then the first question . What does that dragon mean ? " Uncertainty . " Uncertainty is the worst enemy of science . Let 's continue the interview on our way . When the Sun rays are trapped and guided to the Earth , what the place exactly will it be ? The site is to be built in the Far East , at the ocean shore in the deserted place . It will be the trial experiment . I 'd like to write about it if you don 't mind . If the Project will ever take place . You 've heard how many objections it has risen . And this is just the beginning . I know that your project is very complicated one . It will be hard to promote - But I think , you 'll succeed . - Thanks , I hope I will . It can boost our space exploration . We 'll be able to reach the other planets with the help of the Project . - Will you let me to visit you more often ? - But of course . I 'll be always glad to see you . [ A radio signal that marks the beginning of every hour ] Gleb ! Gleb ! Yes ? This the hotel . Wait a second . The TV car took Gleb along early in the morning . - You 've got an incoming call . - Thank you . - I 'm listening . - This is Yankov speaking . Please , come to the Phitotrone immediately . - What is up ? - I 've got urgent news . I 'll wait for you . The Science Academy computers have finished decyphering of the strange signs on the rocks from Heat planet . The rocks " told " us their story Ages and ages ago there was a civilization on the far planet . By the reason , that is still unknown to us , the planet changed its orbit abruptly and moved closer to its bright green star . Now we 'll demostrate you the animation the AI created on the base of the discovered facts . These rational creatures are the planet inhabitants . As you can see , they look much like we do . And this is what happened after the planet had changed its orbit . The aliens legend says : " The star wind is close " " The Sun breath is close " " The scorching winds are blowing restlessly " " burning down plants and flowers . " " The dust of eternity and the dead trees branches are the only things left " On the other alien rock the story about the beautiful woman Aira and her assitant is written . They created a wonderful underground garden In the underground garden the women were embroidering the patterns . They used the light rays for threads . Every woman could make just one flower a day . Their names were Aira , Kema and others ... The legend ends like this : We are like the flowers lost in the lake waters . Let the one who will find these lines on the rocks decide , if he or she is like us . Dying they wanted to tell us something ... " Flower " - is an attempt to leave us some importang information . If we choose to believe the legend . But ... are we the ones to solve the riddle ? A flower is a set of cells . The analysis of the karyon showed beside the DNA chains the presence of some other strange chains . It is characteristic of the mutants with abrupt reorganization of heredity ... May it be something beyond the flower ? What do you mean ? Well ... It 's some ... Some new life form . With qualities and aims we don 't know anything of . The genetic engineering ? We 'd better be prepared for surprises then . Aquarium environment data is unstable ! The specimen is secreting the ferments . The ferments are building the protein molecules actively . The molecules are decaying . There are no filial formations on the flower Perhaps it is adaptating itself for the Earth environment . The flower was born in the alien atmosphere . You are right . I 'll stay here for the night . Just to be on the safe side . All right . I 'll change you in the morining . Don 't ask any questions . I don 't know the answers to them . But I 'm dying to know . How did it happen ? Valentina was on duty last night . Now she 's consciousless . What ? ! What 's wrong with her ? Nothing terrible . She is fast asleep . You mean - asleep ? Yes , she is hypnotized . We 'll try to wake her up . I 'm sure sombody was here last night . What about the surveillance tape ? Leave us alone , please The videorecord is erased . - But who did it ? ! - We don 't know . Look . Can there be bugs in the computer ? No , I checked the system - it is alright . Somebody worked with the record . Where 's the flower ? Come , come , Valya . It was not your fault . Last night somebody put you in hypnotic sleep and then ... - What about the flower ? - It 's gone . Or , to put it more precisely , it was stolen . Who stole it ? Wait a bit ... I was alright for all the night . I put down the last data at 5 A.M. So , it all happened not so long ago , didn 't it ? ! Have you got an outdoor video surveillance ? Yes , we have . The corridor is beeing monitored . - Who is this woman ? - I have never seen her before . Why didn 't they erased this record ? It was risky . They had to get to the central post to do that . Replay the record . Her moves are very smooth . Zoom the picture . What an interesting bracelet . She got no flower with her . She had a partner then . Let 's suppose that all this flower story ... has got its own logic which is far more inconcievable than our human logic . Valya ! Do you recall our evening talk aboard " Gandvana " ? I was right ! I knew something was to happen . It 's all mystic ! Don 't kid us , Gleb . I 'll go to the park for some relaxation . I saw that woman ! And I tried to talk to her . But she vanished all of a sudden . I can 't understand how it happen . You 'll understand in a moment ... I 've shown this to Gleb . You 're the second to watch . Play the last record ! What is this ? This is the tape that was erased . - Where did you get it ? - It doesn 't matter for now . Watch closely . She wanted to keep her appearance among people in secret . Right , that is why she erased the record . It 's incredible ! I thought the same thing when I saw this . Where is this record from ? All the records are backed up . An intruder couldn 't know about it . So , that comuter animation turned out to be true . Yes , it did . It 's her , the girl from the legend . Her name is Aira . Aira . - Your coffee , sir - Thanks . Have you been looking for me ? Who are you ? Our civilization left the galaxy long ago . Your destiny will be the same . But the contact between the civilzation of different development level is impossible . This is the law of space . Why did you save me back then when I was a kid ? You 'll understand this in due time . Why are you here , on Earth ? Many years ago you spaceship approached the Heat Planet . It could find the underwater garden or fail to do so . Do you mean you helped him to find the garden ? Perhaps . Otherwise you 'd have never met Aira , and would have failed to help the Heat Planet . Did you want us to save that planet ? Why don 't you do this yourselves ? No . We can 't interfere . Only civilizations of the same level can help each other . Our interference could hav changed the planet 's fate and it 's future as well . Can you foresee the future ? Yes , we can , but only that of the backward civilizations like yours . Our own future is covered for us . Why did you tell me all this ? Because we 've chosen you for the contact . ... and this is the particle generator . It has already passed the experiments coupled with the satellites . In a month we 'll be able to launch the experiment . " Collectors " will be able to collect the amount of energy equal to the annual consumation of our country . Wow ! It 's a power . It 's loads and loads of ray energy we must receive and reflect back within 10 seconds . How will the cooudination council react ? They 'll surrender , I think . Even the Indian is about to give up . He 'd like to implement our project for the rescue of Heat Planet . Though I think there 's nothing alive there left . You shouldn 't be so negative about it , professor . Yankov discovered curious things about the flower . He thinks , the flowers saved the gene pool of the disappeared civilization in them . And once the planet usual temperature is restored its inhabitants will be brought back to life ? - Exactly ! Biologists fancy life everywhere in space . It 's their job after all . - Would you like some coffee ? - I 'd love to . Irene ! Meet Gleb , a journalist . This is Irene Steklova . Our new employee . Nice to meet you . - We were going to have some coffee ... - So was I. On the whole the preparation is going on well . Only the ocean coolers aren 't ready yet . They are meant to remove the heat excess to the ocean so that it won 't become too hot . We shouldn 't play around with the Sun . Just imagine , if we dont remove the excess heat into the water , our facility will simply melt down . It sounds cool . Excuse me , what exactly does ? Well , the thing about the coolers being ready . I told you they AREN 'T ready yet . Unfortunately , it makes a great difference . Gleb , are you OK ? I 'm fine . I 'm a bit tired , that 's all . I 've got too much on my plate recently . What is it ? A bracelet . Do you like it ? It is very precious to me . Have we met before ? Probably . Valya ! Valya . Wait , Valya ! You 've forgotten me . I 've been thinking of you . It 's not true . Why didn 't you call me ? I thought the man must call himself . But I ... I really was very busy . And now it 's my turn to be busy . Mr. Yankov ! Will you answer a few questions ? Mr. Yankov ! Mr. Yankov ! Our subscribers would like to know why did the pictures of the flower from the space disappeared from the papers ? Can we have a look at it ? I 'm sorry , it 's impossible . Why ? The flower underwent the irreversible changes . - Did it die ? - No , it didn 't It disappeared . Can there be such a programm in ] the gene code of the flower ? Probably . - Was the flower stolen ? - I don 't think so . You 've read too many novels by Agatha Christie . Can you tell us something smart , collegue ? You can read something smart in our paper tomorrow . See you later , gentlemen . Enough for today . See you later . If only those guys knew what really happened in the Phytotrone ! ... and Mr. Yankov dodge the question about the disappearing of the flower . Good night , you 've watched the evening news . We should demonstrate humanism and sympathy and bring back to life the once inhabitied planet . We should calm down the deadly winds . And when the dust storms drop , the sun light and heat will be back for plants and animals . Nothing can interrupt the light of life - of the strongest element . Life is like all the ancient elements together . Fire , Water , Earth , and Air .. Everything we leave to our descendants we do with the help of love and mind . For the first time the man challenges such a powerful element as the Sun . But I 'm sure we shall succeed . The ancient legend of Prometeus is coming true before our eyes . The experiment by doctor Olman will let us help to rescue our galaxy neighbours in emergency . Though I 've been for long against the Project , now I support it with all my heart . I 'm Olhovsky , the " Gandvana " expedition chief . We 'll help you along with the experiment . Nice to meet you . Meet doctor Steklova . She made the basic calculations . Here 's my assistant , genetic Anurova . It 's a pleasure Good afternoon And this is Gleb . The journalist , who comes late . You 've got a great day today , professor . I think we should celebrate it . I like the idea . Fine , then Have a nice evening . Will you join us ? I 'm sorry , but I 've got a lot of things to do . Valya , don 't forget , our flight is booked for tomorrow at 10 A.M. I remember . Are you leaving ? ! I 'll explain everything later . So ... How much time do our charming ladies need to get ready ? Let 's meet at 8 P.M. Done , at 8 P.M. This is Aira . She moves greately . Do you think ... she is the alien ? I 'm sure she is . I can feel this . Don 't be so suspicious . She is our guest . D 'you remember ? You 'll see , I 'm right . Today is the happiest day of my life . I 'm very glad for you . Your project persuaded everyone . - Irene , I don 't mean the project . - Don 't you ? I can 't understand how I have lived without you before . You 're overestimating my ... services . You 're much smarter than other beautiful women . Do you know that ? I 've got troubles in the ocean . The sea weeds are dying . So I have to go back to " Gandvana " tomorrow . I must see you tomorrow . If you don 't mind ... OK . I can 't forbid you that . Thank you . Dear friends , I toast to this wonderful long night . I want to go on . Oh , I 've never drunk the champagne before ... Professor , it looks like you 'll have a great night . You can foresee the future , can 't you ? - Of course she can . Like every woman . - Just a bit . - Let 's toast to love ! - Nice toast ! I 'm tired . Have you got a good swim ? Yes . - I have a very interesting proposal to you . - Have you ? Will you marry me ? I 'll go swim for a bit more ... Why are you always avoiding me ? Because such a proposal is not a joke . I 'm serious . I mean it . Do you want us to stay together ? I do very much . - We 're very different . - I don 't see ... I 'm from the past , you 're from the future . Then I 'll ... I 'll invent the time machine ! It 's then we 'll have a serious talk . Now I see . - Gleb ? - What ? I love you . I 'm ... I 'm late for the plane . Really I am . Will you call me ? I shall wait . Or better come to visit me . I really have to hurry . I 'm sorry . You 're in command while I 'm away . Right . Have a good flight . Andrew ! It 's good I 've caught you . I 'll fly away in an hour . The Solar Coast is waiting for me . Well , Bon voyage ! And see you later ! Are you going to visit us ? Did you doubt it ? Why are you so sad ? It 's nothing . I 'll cheer you up . Look , this magazine is published in Australia . As we 've learnt from the informed sources the alien flower is turned into a woman in the result of the genetic experiment . We suppose that the woman or precisely the biorobot is used in the secret experiments of the famous Russian biophysic Andrew Olman . How d 'you like it ? What a crap ! It doesn 't matter now . What do you mean ? Steklova has disappeared . Did she ? Again ? Yes . I refused to take her to the experiment site . It 's very dangerous . And it resulted like this . The world 's TV and radio channels have interrupted their programms for the hot news break . For the first time in the history an alien came to Earth and contacted with us . This is the young woman Aira by name . She turned out to work with the famous physic Olmin under disguise of the lab assistant Irene Steklova . Listen and watch the first inerview of the alien woman on the news . Let 's go to the TV office and watch it . Will we come in time ? We 'll do our best . Our home was light , vast and green . Our planet was called Tamatio . It was as beautiful as your Earth . But we ... couldn 't save it . We wanted to pull one of the neighbour planets closer to Tomatio , so that we could colonize it . It was a great mistake The planet system of our star lost its balance . We destroyed our home with our own hands . But I believe that you 'll help us to bring Tomatio back to life . Tho Olmin Project can save my home planet . Space is great and kind . The countless gifts lurk in it ... as well as great troubles . May intellect and love save you . " Gandvana " has entered the Sea of Okhotsk . Make the ship ready for the storm ! The typhoon is coming on us from Japan . It will reach the shore in an hour . Gloria typhoon started its journey in the Pacific Ocean . Today it covered the island of Japan . The bridges between the islands Honshu and Koishu are destroyed . At the m oment the typhoon is going to our shore . Wow , it 's a great power . Central post there ? Have you got the contact with Olmin ? Thank you . Professor , what weather do you have there ? The typhoon epicenter will go not far from us . But the works on the Sun Coast are in full swing . Are you ready ? I 'm sorry , we hadn 't enough time to install the coolers in the ocean . We can 't begin without them . What are you going to do ? The heat excess can be removed into the " eye " of the typhoon . It will do for a cooler allright . Do you mean the experiment can be started right now ? We 've got no other choice . The typhoon will destroy the Sun Coast soon . I 'm flying to you . You 'll be late . Good bye . I 'm going to the sea . What ? I 'm going to the sea in the bathyscaphe . What sea ? I don 't understand anything . Those Olmin funnels will bring to Earth not only the visible spectrum of radiation but also the part of the gamma-ray radiation that is deadly dangerous for life . The ocean is Life . It is the lungs of our planet . - Are you giggling ? - You 're crazy . - There is ... - Primitive seaweeds , they clean the two thirds of all the air . There is the typhoon there ! TYPHOON ! I 'm scared ! I 'll be in the bathyscaphe . Besides , I won 't feel the storm deep there . Shit . I can 't be in two places at the same time both with Olmin and you ! Should I split myself ? You shouldn 't . Go to Olmin to the experiment site , and I ... I won 't let you go all by yourself . Don 't be stupid . We shall marry when you 're back , shan 't we ? " Gandvana " is entering the experiment zone . 200 miles to the Sun Coast . Emergency gang , stand to ! The helicopter is not given the departure clearance . I must go there ! To fly to the Sun Coast ? Are you kidding ? To fly to the typhoon is a suicide I know , it 's serious , but it is just 200 miles to cover ! The typhoon is no child game . It makes a hurricane look like a breeze . You 're dragging the talk out so that I won 't have any time to fly there , aren 't you ? Probably , I am . But the pilots of the past used to cross the typhoons in the wooden planes ! Any way is a good way if you got nothing else to do . You shouldn 't risk like that . But let 's try ! Two large terraplanes have flied there to evacuate the scientists . Look , I want a copter ! Beat it . Enough of that . I will not give you a copter until the typhoon goes away ! Attention ! Emergency evacuation for the staff exept of the scientists on duty . Emergency evacuation from the experiment area ! Repeat . Emergency evacuation for the staff exept of the scientists on duty . Emergency evacuation from the experiment area ! Olmin ! Olmin , can you hear me ? It 's Gleb . Can you hear me ? Gleb ! Olhovsky 's speaking . You 've strayed from the course . You 've strayed from the course . Search the Sun Coast radio-beacon . Generators capacity is 100 % . Plasma storage system is OK . Here we go , gentlemen . The first goes . The second goes . The third goes . Olhovsky ! Anurova 's speaking , can you hear me ? I hear you very poor . We 've got a thunderstorm up here . I 'm on the shelf . Gamma radiation level is OK . But I 'm monitoring the unusual activity of some strange sea weeds with the strange metabolism . Take a sample and come back . The typhoon will just touch you . I can 't come back . I must learn what the reason of all this is . These seaweeds don 't need any carbonic dioxide . They 're absorbing oxigen ! They have already populated the entire shoal . What if they 'll conquer the ocean ? ! Valentina ! Come back now ! I order you . I must stop the spreading of these seaweeds . I turn on the bio-magnetic traps . The strong underwater currents are carring the batiscaphe away . I 'm monitoring the gas blowouts . Probably , it 's the underwater eathquake . My bearings are ... The measurements shows that the sun flow parameters match the calculated ones . The typhoon left front weakened by the heat energy is going over us . If we die , the automatic control system will transfer the necessary information about our research to the satellite . Professor Olmin It 's me again . I 'd like to say good bye to you . Shall we meen again ? My mission here is over . Your time has come . Mine ? You 've witnessed one cosmic era changing the other . One civilization found the other and helped it in hard times . The people of Earth should know about this . And you must tell them about it . But who will believe me if I tell them about you ? Make up a tale . A legend . The Earth people will remember us as the characters of an old legend , till the time your knowledge can be compared to yours . It always happened this way . I 'm so sorry I won 't see you again . The world will once agan be simple and easy to understand . You won 't be bored with AIra for company . The secrets of Heat Planet are waiting for you . Good bye . Are you here ? Anyway there 's nothing to wonder ! Just nothing ! Is he OK ? He 'll survive . Now it 's my turn to help you and him . I 've been scared before . I was scared ages before . But now I can everything . After all the alien woman has the super power . Irene , what a look ! You 're crying like an ordinary Earth woman . I am an ordinary ... woman . And he 's the dearest man to me . Olhovsky 's speaking . I 'm calling the Sun Coast . The Sun Coast is speaking . You shouldn 't have flown , Gleb . We need you help here , aboard " Gandvana " . What is up ? The batiscaphe disappeared . - Valentina ? ! - Yes . We are searching her already . We 're waiting for you in the area 15 . Come immediately . Here you are . It 's my advisor . My assistant . My memory . It helped me to understand people , their thoughts , their dreams . It will help you ! I must find her myself . Otherwise nothing will help me . The batiscaphe accumulators have long ago run out . She also can be short of the air . But there are no traces of her ! NO TRACES AT ALL ! I don 't believe in wonders . The ocean can hide just everything . She could get into the volcanic explosion area and had no time to surface . And remember those strange seaweeds she was speaking of ! " Gandvana " will not leave the place until we search the bottom thoroughly . I 'll be searching her as long as it 'll take to find her . I got this right . Attention ! Captain Olhovsky 's speaking . Attention ! Search party , expand the searching area radius up to 30 miles . All batiscaphes , expand the searching area radius up to 30 miles . SEVEN ELEMENTS Earth . Water . Air . Fire . Life . Intellect . Love .
