 The defendant , Phineas Bogg , disobeyed all rules and statutes of the voyager code . That 's a lie . The boy must be returned to the exact time and place Bogg found him . Give it up . Let 's go . ( EXCLAIMS ) If we 're gonna have any chance of clearing ourselves , we 've got to get out of here . Phineas . Don 't touch that ! Bogg . Bogg ! BOGG ... We travel through time to help history along , give it a push where it 's needed . Bogg ! BOGG ... When the Omni 's red , it means history 's wrong . Our job 's to get everything back on track . ( OMNI DINGS ) Green light , kid ! We did it ! ( PLUMMETING ) ( GROANING ) Hey , why don 't you tell me the next time we 're leaving ? I didn 't know we were going anywhere . Well , I didn 't trigger the Omni . Neither did I. Then where are we ? But the Omni ... The Omni 's not talking . Looks like some kind of courtroom . Bogg , I 'm scared . ( LAUGHS ) Hey . Nothing to be scared about . We 're back in school . School ? This doesn 't look like P.S. 132 . Not your school . This is my alma mater , Voyager School . JEFFREY : Then what are we doing here ? I don 't know . Must be a class reunion or a homecoming or something . I can 't wait to see the old gang . ( DOOR OPENS ) Susan . Hello , Phineas . You look just as great as I remember . Boy , is it good to see you again ! Bogg ? Bogg ? Susan , this is ... Jeffrey , remember ? Jeffrey . We know all about the young Mr. Jones . So , this is the little boy voyager , huh ? Oh , stop it , Drake . You 're scaring him . Phineas Bogg . It 's been a long time since we last met . I could 've gone a few more centuries without seeing you again . Who is this guy ? Bogg and I were in the same voyager class . He 's a voyager ? Yeah , Drake 's an old classmate . You guys were friends ? I wouldn 't go that far . Yes , but a lot has changed since then . BOGG : Looks like a new Omni . Model 3-1650 , open-time calibration , state-of-the-art . But most important , there 's a new voyager credo . Discipline and order above all else . That 's the direction the new voyager majority has mandated . What new mandate ? What 's he talking about ? Drake 's been elected code-violation prosecutor . There are more and more voyagers who support the new movement of discipline . Voyagers on every level . Field workers , administrators , even judges . Is he serious ? Are things changing that much ? I 'm afraid so . And it looks as if you 're Drake 's latest example . Me ? What did I do ? You 've done your duty as a voyager . But Drake 'll make it look as if you 've subverted the code . These are very serious charges , Phineas . But Bogg 's the best voyager you 've got . Many fine men and women have been banished , thanks to Drake . Bogg ? Now , don 't worry . The tribunal will be fair . Well , let 's hope so . If they find you guilty , you 'll be banished . Where ? A tiny desert island , uncharted . Without the Omni . ( DOOR OPENS ) SUSAN : Drake 's already got Brindle on his side . Yeah , well , I always figured she twisted her bun a little tight . BOGG : Hey , that 's Professor Garth . The best teacher in the whole school . He really made me understand what being a voyager is all about . SUSAN : Well , he 's your one hope . He 's the last elder who stood against Drake . JEFFREY : What about him ? SUSAN : That 's Kane . He respects Garth , but he 's still afraid of Drake . Drake isn 't above using anything he can to win his case . Real hotshot , huh ? Thirty trials , thirty convictions . Great . I 'll just defend myself the best I can . The best we can . I 'm your defense attorney . ( BANGING GAVEL ) This court will come to order . Is the prosecution ready ? Yes , Your Honor . GARTH : And defense ? I haven 't had much time with the defendant . If I could have a little time to discuss the evidence ... Your Honor , I believe the evidence should be debated openly in this court . Unless , of course , the accused feels the need for secret meetings to manufacture his defense . I don 't even know what I 'm defending myself against . Will the prosecution please read the charges ? I 'd be happy to , Your Honor . I bet . The defendant , Phineas Bogg , has consistently and purposefully disobeyed all rules and statutes of the voyager code . That 's a lie . ( BANGING GAVEL ) GARTH : Please , keep your client under control . Well , he should have a chance to defend himself . If he can . Let him take the stand . Voyager Bogg , would you give the bailiff your Omni ? BOGG : My Omni ? The court needs your device for the evidence stored in its memory unit . Now , remember , all those in this court are under the voyager oath to speak only the truth . Yes , sir . Proceed with the charges . The defendant , Phineas Bogg , violated territorial parameters by traveling to the year 1982 , a year Bogg is not authorized to operate in ... I was trying to get to 1492 . My Omni malfunctioned . ... and did , on that unauthorized mission , enter the room of this boy , Jeffrey Jones , and did lose his Guidebook . Where 's Columbus , kid ? Where am I ? JEFFREY : He didn 't lose it . My dog took it . BRINDLE : Phineas Bogg , voyager , overpowered by a boy 's dog ? Why were you not able to recover your book ? My hands were kind of full at the time . With what ? With Jeffrey . Look . Come on , Ralph , give it up . Let 's go . ( EXCLAIMS ) ( JEFFREY YELLING ) JEFFREY : Bogg saved my life ! If he hadn 't jumped out of that window for me , I would 've been all over the pavement . DRAKE : If Mr. Bogg had not violated the code , the boy 's life would not have needed rescuing . Your Honor , heroism is often a matter of circumstance . Yes , I quite agree . And since these circumstances were caused by a malfunctioning Omni , it appears that Mr. Bogg is blameless . Then who do we blame for the violations ? This boy ? The kid didn 't do anything wrong . DRAKE : Not willfully . Which brings us to the most serious charge , the boy being used on voyager missions . My Omni couldn 't get him back home to 1982 . There must have been an adequate care facility for the child somewhere in time . An orphanage ? Yes . I figured he would be better off with me . Then you must be held responsible for that decision . I made Bogg take me with him . BOGG ... Nice to know you , kid . Sorry for any inconvenience , but I work alone . Oh , no , you don 't . You got me into this , you get me out . I got school tomorrow . Can 't take you back . I don 't even know where I am . France , 1918 . Revolutionary War . First World War . What ? I just wanted to help . Your motives are not in question here . But an experienced voyager should have known better than to take along with him such a young , untrained civilian on voyager missions , involving matters of such historical importance . The kid is a historical ace . I couldn 't ask for a better partner . Well , perhaps Mr. Bogg 's memories are shadowed by sentiment . Hmm ? The mission in question started in Rome . 44 B.C. Caesar had been murdered on the Senate floor , and Voyager Bogg took Cleopatra out of the city . I had always hoped that I 'd bump into you someday . BOGG : I didn 't do it on purpose . When she kissed me , she pushed the Omni . Come on , let 's wrap this up . Bogg ? Bogg ? ... back on your throne in Egypt . I 'd rather be queen of this magnificent land . ( WOLF WHISTLE ) There 's nothing for me back there . Jeffrey is back there . Then you go back and get him . I 'm taking you with me . ( WOLF WHISTLE ) Now , what 's the harm in my looking around this great , glorious land ? I 'm in no danger here . MAN : Lucky Lindy 's landed in France ! ( ALL CHEERING ) BOGG : Cleopatra ? Cleopatra ? So , Voyager Bogg left Cleopatra in New York . I didn 't leave her , I lost her . And I wouldn 't have lost her if I didn 't have to go back and get Jeffrey . Exactly . But Jeffrey ended up helping me find her . Then you trust this young man . With my life . Well , we can only hope he was more careful with your life than he was with your Omni . JEFFREY ... You 've wrecked it . It 's totaled ! Now I 'll never get back to him . What ? You stupid idiot . Now I 'll never get back to Bogg ! Hey , kid , easy . It 's all right , Kruesi . Let him yell . Don 't touch those parts ! Move one out of place , and I 'll never be able to put it back together again . You can get it back ? Kid , this is Thomas Edison . He probably invented the thing . Well , the Omni did work better than ever after that . Your Honor , all the episodes in question did end successfully . I appreciate the skill and the judgment required in field work . The last-minute decisions that must be made . But even in the field , Your Honor , there 's no substitute for careful planning and rigid adherence to the rules and regulations . What do you know about it , Drake ? You 've been riding that desk ever since graduation . You are on trial here , not Mr. Drake . But Bogg shouldn 't be on trial . JEFFREY : He 's the best voyager there is ! Mr. Bogg was not class valedictorian . But his record does appear to be beyond reproach . Until he took the boy . He didn 't take me . I wanted to be with him . A good voyager cannot be such a bad companion for a boy . I would agree , if only the boy 's life had not been put in jeopardy . Are you charging this voyager with intentional disregard for Jeffrey Jones ' safety ? Yes . That 's a lie . Is a gladiator school a fit place for a young boy ? DRAKE : I think fighting in a training ring in Capua is very dangerous work indeed . Bogg , look ! Bogg , over here . Now , Bogg , now ! I never would 've let that animal hurt Jeffrey . Yet you endangered the boy once again during World War I. Shoot them ! Shoot him . I am ! Then hit him . JEFFREY : He 's coming right at us . JEFFREY : No , stay up , we 're gonna stall . BOGG : We 're gonna what ? Pull Up ! Pull up ! I can 't . BOGG ... We 're gonna go down , kid ! Your Honor , I object . No , I object . I object to this man using this boy , a defenseless youngster , to serve his own selfish purposes . It 's not true . Make him stop ! I can explain all this . He 's twisting everything around . I love Jeffrey . I 'd never let anything happen to him . The facts speak for themselves , Your Honor . Your Honor , may the defendant have the chance to answer these charges ? Oh , yes . But be warned , Phineas Bogg , you have much to answer for . You know , the prosecutor 's turning everything around so it looks bad for Bogg . He 's doing a pretty good job of it , too . Just like he did with all the others . Why doesn 't somebody stop him ? We 're trying to , Jeffrey , but with each conviction Drake becomes more powerful . JEFFREY : He 's a real creep . Never was my favorite person , either , but he 's entitled to his opinion . No matter how stupid it is ? Jeffrey 's right . Drake 's ideas always were a little off-center . He 's considered the brilliant young maverick now . Brilliant ? Phineas , he was class valedictorian . He cheated . I know that sounds like sour grapes , but it 's the truth . You don 't have to convince me . His evidence always does fall into place a little too neatly . You think he makes up stuff just to get voyagers like Bogg in trouble ? Unfortunately , what I feel and what I can prove are two different things . Well , he 's the hotshot prosecutor and I 'm just a dumb field worker . You were smart enough to be whatever you wanted . You just never applied yourself . Yeah , Bogg , you told me you never paid much attention because there was this really sexy blonde in your class , and ... ( BOGG CHUCKLES ) Sorry . Oh , really ? I never caught you at it . Oh , well , you know me . Subtle , discreet . I wish you 'd been a little less subtle . Give a girl a chance . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( GAVEL BANGING ) The voyager ethics tribunal is again in session . Your Honor , I 'd like to call the defendant , Phineas Bogg , to the stand . Your Honor , we intend to show that Phineas Bogg and Jeffrey Jones may have violated the letter , but not the spirit , of the voyager code . So , Phineas Bogg , you find yourself in the field without your voyager Guidebook . That 's right . But I had Jeffrey . Are you telling this tribunal that Jeffrey became your Guidebook ? Yes . I 'll admit I was a little leery about it at first myself . ( WHIRRING ) And I haven 't got the foggiest idea what I 'm supposed to do . ( BABY GURGLING ) You got an idea , kid ? This is Egypt . 1450 B.C. ( BOGG CHUCKLES ) Moses ! What ? You be careful with him , will you ? He 's Moses . ( LAUGHS ) Moses ? Moses was an old man with white whiskers . Looks like Santa Claus with a part in the middle . What are you doing ? Putting him back in the water . He 'll drown . ( SHUSHING ) Look . Moses was found by the Pharaoh 's daughter in the Nile . So you see , if it weren 't for Jeffrey , I wouldn 't have known what to do . If Bogg had not lost his Guidebook , he would not have needed the boy telling him what to do . ( CHUCKLING ) Yes . I 'm afraid a boy , however bright , cannot equal the knowledge of a voyager handbook . Begging your pardon , sir , but the kid knows much more than a Guidebook . More even than some voyagers . For example ? There was this one time when we had to get Babe Ruth to stop pitching and start hitting . SUSAN : And how did Jeffrey help ? He taught me how to pitch 1982 style , and I struck every batter out . And that led to Mr. Ruth quitting the team . Is that true ? BOGG : Sort of . But Jeff taught Babe to hit 1982 style . MAN ... Hit it , Babe . Come on , Babe , rip it . So Jeffrey 's knowledge of modern baseball helped on that assignment . Yeah , and the kid 's got guts , too . A voyager 's got to have spirit , so when everybody 's telling you you 're wrong , you got the courage to fight back . And a voyager 's got to be able to make people take a new look at a situation . To give people the confidence to take that one extra chance . ( WHIRRING ) MORGAN : Pulling me and my bank out of this mess . MAN : J. P ! Mr. Morgan ! Yes , son ? I haven 't got much time . You haven 't got much sense , either . What ? Please , son . Thomas Edison is the greatest inventor alive . The phonograph , the repeating telegraph . He even made the telephone work better . That is not what 's at issue . Look , you wanna make some money , right ? That 's the general idea , yes . Well , then what other inventor would you rather invest your money in ? Thomas Edison 's got a track record that just won 't quit . Track record . Interesting expression . You miss out on the electric light , and you 're gonna miss out on an invention that 's going to change the face of this world . It 's a gold mine here . You 're looking at a fortune . All right , all right . I give in . Thank God ! On two conditions . The first is that you , young man , come to see me when you 're an adult . I could use a man with your persuasion . Second is that I see some positive results in 48 hours . Otherwise , Tom , we 're back where we started . Good day . EDISON : All right , Upton . Let 's give it a try . Yeah . More . An inch more . That 's it . ( ALL CHEERING ) So , the court can see that the boy 's fortitude and conviction have served the voyager code well . I am impressed with the boy 's ability . He does seem to be quite a bit beyond his years . In mind , perhaps . But precocious boys can never be trusted with the work of a man . Or a woman . I don 't know about that . There was another time when Jeffrey rescued me from right under the noses of a bunch of witch hunters . MAN ... Bring the devil to his end now ! JEFFREY : No , no , no . You can 't ! It 's not right ! Will Satan help you , devil ? Or do you need this talisman to set you free ? ( LAUGHING ) PEOPLE : Burn , devil . Burn ! ALL : Burn , devil , burn ! Burn , devil , burn ! He 's vanished ! I think that story says less about the boy than the voyager so dependent upon his help . Phineas Bogg is the perfect example of the type of voyager that weakens our ranks . I think you 'll find this another example of Phineas Bogg 's violation of voyager code . One where he allowed a pretty face to sway his judgment . Placing Abraham Lincoln 's life in grave danger , and nearly changing the outcome of the Civil War . And you 're sure about the route ? Absolutely . Are you sure of your men ? They 'll be in place . Make sure they know whose side I 'm on . Don 't worry . There 's gonna be another change in plans . Jane Phillips , a traitor . I can 't believe it . Not a traitor , Mr. Lincoln , a patriot . Two patriots , in fact . So , as Phineas Bogg conspired to kidnap Lincoln ... That 's a lie . Your Honor , that is the sad , pathetic truth . This man is unfit to be a voyager . The pathetic truth , Drake , is that you don 't know the first thing about being a voyager ! Order ! Your Honor , I move that that remark be stricken from the record . It 's not relevant to his case . Mr. Drake , that was an improper remark . Though I 'm afraid that Voyager Bogg 's execution of his duty is the essence of this case . But , Your Honor , my client has testified . That was a total misrepresentation of what took place . I 'm afraid the court is obliged to believe only what it sees . But , Your Honor , that was not ... The witness may step down . We must now weigh the evidence presented here . And our decision will affect not only the career of Voyager Phineas Bogg , and the future of young Jeffrey Jones , but the fate of all voyagers . Of course , ultimately , we 're charged with upholding the voyager code , and the safety of the past , present and future , which that code and all voyagers are sworn to defend . Court is adjourned . BOGG : It didn 't happen that way , I swear . Yeah , it was Bogg that saved Lincoln . Why would the Omni show it like that ? I don 't know , but somehow Drake always manages to come up with that kind of damaging evidence . The only way he could 've come up with something like that is if he messed with the Omni . There 's no use arguing with the tribunal . If we 're gonna have any chance of clearing ourselves , we 've got to get out of here . SUSAN : Phineas . Sorry , Susan , there 's no other way . Don 't touch that ! JEFFREY : Bogg , don 't ! Bogg ! Well , kid , I guess we 're not going anywhere after all . You are . An uncharted desert island , remember ? I think you 're jumping the gun a little bit , don 't you think ? Maybe the jury will clear me on the charges . Oh , fat chance . That Drake already has Garth convinced . One look at that evidence and anybody 'd be convinced . I 've always known Drake was capable of anything , including perjury , to further his own ambitions . How are we gonna make the judges believe that ? Sometimes it 's very difficult to prove when someone 's lying . In school we all knew Drake cheated on his exams , but nobody could prove it . BOGG : Until he gave himself away . How ? He sure kept track of how he did it . Every time he cheated and got away with it , it was like winning a battle or something . He kept a diary ? Yeah . I found all his little notes in a copy of The Prince by Machiavelli . JEFFREY : And did you turn him in ? No , I didn 't wanna be a snitch . Just him knowing I knew was enough . I 'm sure that 's why he hates me . What did you do with the book ? I gave it back to him . A place to record all his other victories ... And where are you going ? Don 't worry , I 'll be back in time . And Jeffrey , nobody 's gonna be banished . Where 's she going ? I think she 's gonna try and find something to clear us of the charges . Funny , when we were doing all those things , it sure didn 't feel like we were committing any crimes . I thought we were doing some pretty good work . We 're gonna get punished anyway . Ah , what 's the worst they can do to us ? Separate us . Yeah . Bogg , I don 't wanna leave you . It 's gonna be okay . No , it 's not gonna be okay . It 'll never be okay again . Whatever happens , you 've got the rest of your life ahead of you . Think of all the things you 're gonna do , all the people that are gonna come into your life . And all the people are gonna leave me . Jeffrey , don 't talk like that . Why not ? It 's the truth . First my parents , and now you . I was just getting so I could go through the night without having bad dreams about my folks . ( SNIFFLING ) And now I 'm gonna have those dreams all over again about you . ( SOBBING ) You 're not gonna have any dreams about me , good or bad . How do you know ? Just believe me , you 're lucky . You 're not gonna remember anything . You mean I 'm not gonna remember about being a voyager ? Yeah . And I suppose I 'll forget about the Omni . Yeah , you will . And I 'll forget about you ? No , Bogg , that 's not gonna happen . I 'm never gonna let that happen . You can 't fight it , kid , it 's the voyager code . Nothing can make me forget all we 've been through . Like the time we helped the Wright brothers so they 'd invent the airplane . Out of the way , boy . It 's suicide ! I 'm a voyager , kid . Sometimes you gotta bite the bullet . No ! Bogg , don 't ! No ! Phineas ! Our glider ! Will , it 's our glider . It 's flying . ( PEOPLE LAUGHING ) It 's flying ! Phineas . Look at him ! " Bite the bullet . " I 'll never forget that . Yeah , too bad all my messages didn 't get through as clearly . What do you mean ? I always listened to you . Sure , you did . Like the time I told you to stay away from Billy the Kid . BOGG ... All you wanted to do was shoot that gun . We 're gonna stop here for a spell . Why ? I 'm waiting for my men . ( SNAKE RATTLING ) Look out ! ( GUN FIRES ) ( HORSES NEIGHING ) Wow ! That was fast ! I wish I could do that . You mean you haven 't learned to shoot yet ? I 've never even picked up a gun before . Well , not a real one at least . Then I 'm gonna show you how . I got some tins of beans in my saddle bags . Make good targets . Wait a minute . I don 't think that 's a good idea . He 's gotta learn sometime . You can 't survive out here without knowing how to use a gun . Come on , Bogg . Would you excuse us a minute ? Bogg , how many kids get the chance to learn how to shoot from Billy the Kid ? None , I hope . We 're just gonna be shooting tin cans . No way . Please , Bogg , it 'll be a good experience . I said no ! That 's final . Here you go . Try your hand at it , kid . BOGG ... Well , that time you did listen . JEFFREY ... Yeah , but I didn 't learn my lesson until I saw how you handled the gun . I don 't need this . Give me a gun . Somebody give me a gun . I 'm Billy the Kid . Billy 's not much without his gun , is he ? Come back here . I mean it ! Not much with it , either . Maybe this is all happening for the best . I don 't know ... Maybe I should 've left you with your great-grandparents . ( SINGING ) Holy night All is calm All is bright Round yon Virgin Mother and Child Holy Infant so tender and mild Sleep in heavenly peace Sleep in heavenly peace Silent night Holy night Shepherds quake At the sight Glories stream from heaven above ... Where 's Bogg ? Jeffrey . Jeffrey , wait . Jeff , wait . Bogg ! Bogg , wait . We were singing Christmas carols , and all of a sudden you were just gone . Where 's your coat ? You 're gonna catch a cold . Bogg , what 's going on ? Where are you going ? I 'm leaving . Leaving ? Without me ? Yeah . Without you . But why ? Your great-grandfather can say it a million times better than I can . Say what ? That they can take care of you better than I can . There 's nothing wrong with the way you take care of me . Being a voyager is no life for a kid . Greek food one day , Chinese food the next . No holidays ... Did you ever hear me complaining ? Yeah . A lot . Now go back there and get warm and happy . Bogg , stop it ! What do you think you 're doing ? What I should 've done a long time ago . Giving you a home with a mother and father who love you . But I don 't want them . I want you . You can have a family . But I 've already got a family ! Don 't you understand ? It 's you . ( SOBBING ) Please don 't let them take me , Bogg . I don 't think I can stop them , Jeff . But if they do take you , I 'll make them take you back to before I came along . ( SNIFFLING ) Before the accident . Before your parents died . I promise . That 's a promise I won 't break . ( DOOR OPENS ) This is it , kid . Where 's Susan ? I don 't know . But they 've got to wait for her . Whatever happens , we 're still a team . Mmm-hmm . Voyagers . ( GAVEL BANGING ) Court is back in session . Come on , kid . Time to bite the bullet . Will the defendant please rise ? Where is your counsel ? She 's trying to find the evidence that 'll prove Drake 's been lying . Oh , this is outrageous . The prosecution has submitted a new piece of evidence , the substance of which takes the matter out of the court 's hands . Bailiff , would you please escort the boy from the courtroom ? Look , I stood trial . Am I guilty or innocent ? Bogg ? It 's all right , go ahead . Voyager Bogg , it is not a matter of guilt or innocence . BOGG : I have a right to know what Drake 's come up with now . Would the defendant please approach the bench ? The new information involves the boy . Jeffrey 's never done a truly bad thing in his life . No , it 's not a matter of the good or the bad that he has done , but of the good he has yet to do . See for yourself . Jeff 's supposed to do all this ? Yes , according to the voyager logs . Got quite a future ahead of him . Yes , he 's obviously destined for great things . But as civilian Jeffrey Jones , not as a voyager . And in his own time , not traveling through the cosmos with an Omni . I 'm afraid Drake is right . The boy must be returned to 1982 . He must be allowed to grow up and fulfill his own destiny . Let 's tell the boy and get on to more important matters . No , I 'll tell him . And I 'll take him back . Very well . The boy will be returned to the room where Bogg found him . No ! Voyager Bogg , I thought it was determined that the boy would be returned . Yes , but not as an orphan . I want to bring him back to the time before his parents died . DRAKE : Your Honor , this is absurd . The boy must be returned to the exact time and place Bogg found him . Look , Drake , you can take your gripe out on me , but don 't ruin the kid 's life . Would it change history if Jeff 's parents were spared ? That is hardly the point . Then what 's the point ? No , history will not change if the boy is returned to his parents . Then there 's no reason the court should not show leniency . DRAKE : You mean pity . Look , as long as history doesn 't change ... The boy must be returned to the time after his parents ' death ! You got to make this exception . Once an exception is made , the code will be meaningless . And what about the voyager code ? This tribunal was called to uphold the rules , not violate them . Drake , that 's just one more lie . Voyager Drake has managed to make a career out of it . I do hope defense counsel understands that she will be held responsible for these accusations . I 'll be proud to . Hmm . What has Machiavelli got to do with all this ? Machiavelli 's philosophy was " the end justifies the means . " These are not the writings of Machiavelli . Those were written by his best disciple , Voyager Drake . That evidence is inadmissible . Sorry , Drake , it 's too late . These pages are a record of the prosecution 's habit of falsifying documents , and tampering with the Omni memory recorder in order to convict innocent voyagers . Bring the boy back . Why , Drake ? Why ? Because it had to be done for the cause . The only cause you ever served was your own . And why would you be foolish enough to keep this incriminating evidence ? One day those words will vindicate me and all the work that I 've tried to do . The future shall judge me as a hero . Until then , you 'll deal with the judgments of this tribunal , and they shall be harsh . This court has no hold on me . Bailiff , stop that man . Hey , wait a minute . You 're not going anywhere . Stop him . ( PLUMMETING ) Bogg . The Omni . Don 't worry , I got it . Give it to me . Not so fast , hotshot . Hand me that Omni immediately . We 've got to get out of here . Look , Drake , we 're gonna check things out before we run scared . ( BEEPING ) Red light . Where are we ? Mexico , 1836 . Bogg , look . Señor Houston , do you wish a blindfold ? No . If I 'm gonna die , I 'll die looking at the land I 've fought for . The territory of Texas . Bogg , that 's Sam Houston . In a minute he 's gonna be the late Sam Houston . He 's gotta live to see Texas become independent from Mexico . Texas ? Never heard of it . Don 't let them hear you say that . ( GUNS FIRING ) BOGG : Those are Texans ? JEFFREY : Yeah . They 're not doing very well at helping their pal . He 's gotta be rescued . He 's gonna be the first president of the New Republic of Texas . Then we better get him out of there so he doesn 't miss the party . Come on . ( GUNS FIRING ) I 'll get Mr. Houston . You stay here with him . Bogg ? The code does mean something . A voyager doesn 't leave a fallen comrade . Bogg , no ! Texas forever ! ( MAN YELLING ) Men , over here ! Someone help ! The boy is trapped ! JEFFREY : Bogg ! HOUSTON : Help ! Help the boy . Hurry ! JEFFREY : I 'm okay , get the dynamite . Bogg , behind you . ( GRUNTING ) Boy , are you all right ? Yeah . We 'll keep those soldiers busy till you two fellows get out of here . Thanks for all your help . Any men willing to fight for the Republic of Texas are worth saving . Good luck . Bye . Drake 's gone . Great , now we 're really stranded . No Omni and no Guidebook . Yeah , but we 've got each other . Then I guess we 'll get along just fine . JEFFREY : Well , Bogg , where do we start ? BOGG : The first thing I wanna do is get something to eat . Not so fast , guys . How 'd you know where to find us ? Woman 's intuition , and my voyager locator . ( DINGS ) Well , well , the prodigal son has returned . Sir , I can explain ... No , there 's no need . It 's this court that owes you an apology . Now , where 's Drake ? He took the Omni and disappeared . Well , he must be brought back to this tribunal . He 's somewhere out there in time . Huh ? He doesn 't scan on the locator . Someone 's bound to find him wherever things are getting messed up . Well , maybe it will be the two of you . Us ? GARTH : Yes . You mean Bogg and me ? You are voyagers , aren 't you ? We were waiting for you to tell us if we were or not . Well , you are , both of you . Congratulations . But what about all the great stuff Jeffrey 's supposed to do ? Drake was correct . The boy has many important things to do . But what Drake didn 't tell the court was he does them as a voyager . You mean he was supposed to be a voyager all along ? ( GARTH CHUCKLING ) You didn 't fall into Jeffrey 's room by accident . Phineas Bogg , Jeffrey Jones , get back into the field . Yes , sir . Here is your old Omni . Yeah , we 're partners again ! Here 's your new Guidebook ... JEFFREY ... If you want to learn more about Sam Houston and the Texas fight for independence , take a voyage down to your public library . It 's all in books ! Done by ( c ) dcd / January 2008
