 ( INDIANS SHOUTING ) Buffalo Bill , you are truly the king of showmen . This Wild West Show is a fake . Who are you ? The name 's Oakley , but you can call me Annie . Let me go ! ( WOMAN SCREAMS ) We must get that boy . BOGG ... We travel through time to help history along , give it a push where it 's needed . Bogg ! BOGG ... When the Omni 's red , it means history 's wrong . Our job 's to get everything back on track . ( OMNI DINGS ) Green light , kid ! We did it ! JEFFREY : These landings start to get to you after a while . BOGG : Hard landings are an occupational hazard . We had a saying in voyager school , " It 's not where you land , but how you land that counts . " SOLDIER : Take cover ! You 're going to get yourselves killed ! Is that guy talking to us ? Hurry ! They 're ... It 's a tank , kid . You 're Americans ? Sort of . What 's the year ? SOLDIER : Well , you nearly got yourselves killed out there . ( BEEPING ) 1917 . You 're British ? Yes , but very far away from home . I 'm afraid I shall never see England again . I wouldn 't be too sure about that . The English are gonna win this war against Germany . Yeah , well , not with half our bloody army fighting a revolution here in Russia . This is Russia ? ( BEEPING ) Yeah , 1917 . And we got a red light . This is all messed up . You don 't have to tell me that . We 're outnumbered on all fronts and winter 's closing in . The supply lines are cut off so I can 't offer you any food to eat . I haven 't had anything to eat for three days . I got some beef jerky here . It 's not much but it might hold you until your supplies get here . Oh . ( EXPLOSION ) Is England supposed to be fighting in the Russian Revolution ? I think England sent some troops to Russia , but not till 1918 . Not until the war was over . If we wait , the revolutionaries would surely depose the czar . It would be bad enough if it were only Alexandra 's life at stake . Who 's she ? That 's the Czar Nicholas wife and Queen Victoria 's granddaughter . If only Queen Victoria hadn 't allowed her other granddaughter to marry that Russian . What Russian ? Well , the Queen betrothed Princess Victoria to Duke Michael of Russia . And he 's the one who got England involved in the Russian Revolution ? That 's right . And with the lives of two English princesses at stake , we 're only bound to fight . ( GRUNTS ) We got to stop those marriages . No , just one of them . Alexandra 's supposed to marry Czar Nicholas . Then it 's Princess Victoria and her duke who won 't be hearing wedding bells . SOLDIER : Blimey ! ( EXCLAIMING ) ( PLUMMETING ) BOGG : You okay ? Yeah . ( INDIANS SHOUTING ) But Omni 's not . We 're back in America . It must be the 1850s . ( BEEPING ) Uh-uh . BOGG : 1887 . You sure ? Yeah , I 'm sure . Well , it 's definitely the Wild West . ( INDIANS SHOUTING ) ( BEEPING ) England . No way . Well , look for yourself . England , 1887 , and we got a red light . Bogg , it 's a runaway . BOGG : Stay put , kid . ( INDIANS SHOUTING ) Help ! Help me . Grab on , sonny . CONSTANTINE : Daring woman . DUKE : Don 't be ridiculous , Constantine . It 's all a fake . Whoa , whoa , easy . Thanks , what is all this ? And who are you ? The name 's Oakley , but you can call me Annie . Get off of my stage ! You okay ? Yeah , thanks to Annie Oakley . BOGG : Hey , kid , I don 't think they had castles in the Wild West . And I don 't think they had cowboys and Indians in England either . What 's going on here , Bill ? He ruined everything . Some recovery , huh ? Buffalo Bill ? Sure . Buffalo Bill Hickok . Pleasure to meet you . The name 's Cody . Buffalo Bill Cody . Cody ? He 's thinking of Wild Bill Hickok . Yeah . Wild Bill , Buffalo Bill , natural mistake . Buffalo Bill Cody rode for the Pony Express and was an Army scout . That 's right , son , and helped settle the entire American Frontier . But he can 't manage his own Wild West Show . Next time there 's a change in the act , let me know . I didn 't change anything . I don 't know who they are . They just dropped out of nowhere . QUEEN : Will someone please let us out of this carriage ? Oh , no , the Queen . BOGG : They didn 't have queens in the Wild West , did they ? No , but Buffalo Bill 's Wild West show did tour all over Europe . And if this is England , 1887 ... Here , let me help you down . Watch your step , Your Highness . Oh , it was wonderful . Simply wonderful . That 's Queen Victoria . BOGG : Now , all we have to do is find the princess . Princess Victoria , let me help you . BOGG : Bingo . Mr. Cody , my granddaughter and I enjoyed ourselves immensely , didn 't we , Victoria ? Oh , yes , it was all very exciting . Now please introduce us to those wonderful performers of yours . Weren 't they wonderful , Your Majesty ? ( WHISPERING ) Give me names . Phineas Bogg , Jeffrey Jones . Bogg and Jones . My two latest discoveries . Brought here at great expense from the prairies of the great American West . Especially for the Queen 's golden jubilee . Buffalo Bill , you are truly the king of showmen . DUKE : Buffalo Bill is a fraud . Mr. Cody and his accomplices make a mockery of the Queen 's Jubilee . Why , Duke Michael , how do they mock our Jubilee ? That 's the Russian duke , we have to stop him from marrying the princess . That 's trouble . Bet on it . This Wild West Show is a fake . Our show is 100 ° % authentic . It 's a tribute to the brave men and women who risked their lives to tame the American West . DUKE : And I suppose this arrow is authentic . It 's a re-enactment of those courageous men 's deeds . No one can deny the courage in which these deeds were portrayed . Yes , Duke . Why his performances were full of dangerous feats . And it was thrilling when Mr. Bogg jumped on the carriage and brought it to a stop . Your Mr. Bogg is nothing more than a prop . Here is the man who steered your coach to safety . I believe it 's called a hidden driver . Look , mister , jumping onto a moving wagon is dangerous . That 's right . In fact , Annie 's supposed to do it in the show and it 's a difficult stunt . Too difficult for a woman , it seems . Nothing 's too tough for Annie . She can ride as good as any man I 've ever met . And nobody can touch her shooting . If Miss Oakley is such a good shot , perhaps she would like to engage in a shooting match ? Testing your skills against mine ? At targets , of course . You got it . Tomorrow , at 12 : 00 . I 'll be there . Oh , this is delightful . Now , we 'll have another exhibition , and then I shall announce my granddaughter 's betrothal to the Duke . It will be a grand day , won 't it , dear ? ( CHURCH BELLS RINGING ) Yes , Grandmother . JEFFREY : Not if we can help it . And , oh , yes , it 's time for tea . Mr. Cody , you and your magnificent troupe will join us . Your Majesty , we would be honored . I think that would be a lapse of decorum . Good . Lately , I 've been up to my corset in decorum . Wow , you clobbered him . Sorry , Duke . DUKE : It 's perfectly all right . I 'll get my revenge tomorrow . What are these ? Crumpets . Do you like them ? Yeah . You make them yourself ? No . I never learned how to cook . For the last 50 years , I 've been busy ruling the empire . Yeah , I guess working women like us got to give up something . Imagine me , sipping tea with the Queen and a gentleman like the Duke . Yes , well , it 's an experience I 'm sure they won 't soon forget either . Mr. Cody , may I trust you with a confidence ? Why , sure . The Duke must win that match tomorrow . Well , nobody likes to lose . If the Duke loses , so does Russia . Now , how do you figure that ? Mr. Cody , the Duke must appear manly , noble , an appropriate Russian consort for the English Princess . As a man of the world , surely you can understand the damage to the Duke 's reputation if he were to be beaten by a young girl like Miss Oakley . Annie 's a very good shot . She even beat me , once or twice . ( EXCLAIMS ) But the fates of nations do not rest on your victory . International alliances are not destroyed by your defeat . Yeah . Well , I 'll be rooting for the Duke all the way . I 'm afraid that won 't be enough . We would like you to make sure Miss Oakley loses the match . But I must marry the Duke . You can 't just rush into a thing like marriage . This union has been arranged for quite some time . But you could do a lot better than him . Yes , Mr. Bogg . There are other men I might prefer . Oh , what does it matter who I marry ? It 's only my unhappiness at stake . It matters , all right . You 'd be surprised how many other peoples ' happiness depends on the man you choose . Would it really matter to you who I marry ? Sure , I would . I mean , I want you to marry the right man . I mean ... Oh , Phineas , what a wonderful day . And riding in that stage today , oh , it was quite a thrill . But tomorrow , my life continues in its tidy little course . When the Queen announces my betrothal to the Duke . Do you love him ? No , but love 's not the reason I 'm marrying the Duke . Well , why then ? Grandmother feels that alliance with Russia will strengthen England . And my marriage to the Duke will make that alliance . Well , can 't you just say no ? A woman ought to have the right to choose her own husband . A princess has many privileges , but few freedoms . As hard as I may wish it , I 'm not like Annie . I 'm not an ordinary woman . BOGG : Well , one thing is for sure , the Princess does not want to marry him . JEFFREY : She may not have to . The aide said the betrothal might not come off unless the Duke wins the match . That 's not much to hang our hats on . Right . Buffalo Bill did ask Annie to throw it . Yeah ? Yeah . Something about the Duke being humiliated in front of the Queen if Annie wins . What 's so humiliating about losing to Annie ? Everybody knows what a good shot she is . In 1887 , women weren 't supposed to beat men at anything . So Annie beats the Duke , and the Queen gives back the Princess ' hand . Unless Buffalo Bill talks her out of winning . That 's all we got . So we better make sure Annie 's ready for that match . BILL : Look , missy , I 'm not asking you again ! ANNIE : Good , ' cause I 'm not gonna lose on purpose , no matter how many times you ask me ! You 'll do what I say . And after I lose , I suppose you want me to act like that silly little Princess and swoon into the Duke 's arms ? Well , I won 't do it . You 'll do what 's good for this show . Buffalo Bill , right now I 'm ashamed to even be part of your rotten show ! Think she 'll give in ? Not if we can talk her into hanging tough . So he says . The Duke 's got his pride and reputation to worry about . Well , what about my pride ? What about my reputation ? I 'll bet I 've worked harder being a sharpshooter than he ever worked at being a duke . All he had to do was get born . He thinks he 's always supposed to win just because he 's a duke . And Bill thinks he ought to win just because he 's a man . It 's not fair . You bet it isn 't . But when you 're a woman living in a man 's world , you learn real fast that fair 's got nothing to do with it . You learn you got to be twice as good as a man just to be considered equal . You learn never to make a mistake , never to lose your temper , never to let down your guard . Because somehow that one moment of just being human is gonna be used against you as a woman . ( SIGHS ) No , it 's been too hard a climb up to buckle under for some lousy duke now . Gentlemen , if you will excuse us . We 'd like a word alone with Miss Oakley . Whatever you 've got to say , you say it in front of them . Please , Mr. Bogg . You heard the lady , we 're not going . Let me go ! ( ANNIE SCREAMING ) ( MUFFLED SCREAMS ) Bogg . We must get that boy . Bogg , wake up . Where 's the Omni ? Bogg , wake up . The gun powder 's gonna go . ( SPEAKING RUSSIAN ) Got it . Please , Omni , get us out of here . ( PLUMMETING ) ( GRUNTS ) Bogg ? Are you okay ? Yeah . We got to go back and help Annie . We got a red light here . ( BEEPING ) Africa , 40 miles south of the equator , 1913 ? Those Russian guys were sure big and gnarly . You ain 't seen nothing yet . Looks like we jumped out of the frying pan right into the fire . ( DRUMS BEATING ) Chief Nogonde is no better . The worm burrows here . The white missionary has failed . His medicine has failed ! He cannot cure , he cannot heal ! Massandi speaks the truth . Your Chief Nogonde is very sick . But there is still hope he can be saved . All your magic has done nothing . A witch doctor cannot cure without his charms . I cannot help your chief until my medicines arrive . We have waited and Chief Nogonde grows weaker . My men will be here . You will stay until they do . Dr. Schweitzer , as Chief Nogonde lives or dies , so shall you . Uh-oh . You know what 's wrong ? Are these your men ? SCHWEITZER : No . But their skin is white . Is every man with black skin part of your tribe ? You are not his friends ? No , but we 're not his enemies either . In fact , we 're nobody 's enemies . What are you doing here ? If you know anything , now 's the time to speak up . Dr. Schweitzer ? Yes . Did the hospital send the medicine with you ? No . If they are not from the hospital , they must be slavers from the timber camp . We 're not slavers ! Keep them apart from our people . Their poison has spread far enough amongst us . Do not take your eyes off the white man until I return . JEFFREY : We 're not going anywhere . BOGG : You got it . Who are you two ? You 're really not slavers ? No way ! These guys aren 't real friendly , are they ? They have good reason to be wary . White men from the timber company have been terrorizing the villages . No offense , Doc , but you 're not the most popular guy around here either . Bogg , this is Dr. Schweitzer . Schweitzer , right . Albert Schweitzer . Winner of the Nobel Prize for Peace . He dedicated his whole life to helping the people of Africa . You must have the wrong person . I 've only been here a short while , hardly long enough to help anyone . Now it seems I may not get the chance . Don 't worry , Doc , we 'll get you out of here . No ! What , you don 't want to be rescued ? No , I don 't want to seem ungrateful but I must stay . Why ? Because , if I am to help these people with medicine , I must have the confidence of all the tribes . If Nogonde , their leader , dies , the drums will spread the word all up and down the Ogowe River that medicine has no power . Then all these people will be left with is the witch doctor and his charms . But your medicine does work . Of course . Nogonde has amoebic dysentery . I could cure him with emetine if I had the drug here . But our canoe was capsized by hippopotamus on the way up river . I lost all the supplies I had on hand . Is there a hospital nearby ? I sent one of my men back to the hospital in Lambaréné for more of the drug , but he hasn 't returned yet . Then maybe he 's lost . Yeah , there 's lots of wild animals out there . No , Joseph was born here . He taught me all I know about the jungle . He will come back with the medicine . If he doesn 't and the Chief dies , you 're gonna be in big trouble . I have faith in Joseph and in God . Maybe I can give him a little help . Joseph , I mean . What are you going to do ? Find Joseph . Bogg , that 's a big jungle out there . Do you know what trail he would have taken ? I think so . Can you give me a map ? Yes . But even if you did escape , these warriors are excellent trackers . Well , somebody 's got to try it . Forget it , Bogg . Look at these guys . You 'd never even get out of the village . They never take their eyes off us . Unless , we could give them something else to look at . Like what ? Like magic . They don 't call me The Amazing Jeffrey for nothing . Do you want to see it again ? Yeah , do it again . Watch . Very impressive . Not bad . You learned that in a school play ? Got lots of them . Are they watching yet ? They 're beginning to get interested . How do you do it ? A magician never reveals his secrets . BOGG : I think they 're beginning to bite . All right , show us another one . One by the fire . Now , watch my hand . JEFFREY : Are they watching ? SCHWEITZER : Yes , keep going . Is Bogg gone yet ? He 's going , but let 's give him some more time . Do it again . Okay . Watch very closely . Open your hand . Open your hand . Your magic is as false as your medicine . The other one , he 's gone ! We 've got to get him back before he gets to the other slavers . After him . After him ! He 'll be back , he 'll bring the medicine to save your chief . He will bring more white men with guns . No . Why should we believe you after you 've tricked us ? The white man has betrayed us again . Take them ! No , don 't hurt the boy . He is no threat to you . Remember , Dr. Schweitzer , your life now hangs by the same thread as Chief Nogonde . ( HISSING ) BOGG : Sorry , I can 't hang on . Do you think Bogg has a chance out there ? I hope so , for Nogonde 's sake . He 's a good , strong leader . Maybe he can talk to Massandi , make him understand . Unfortunately , Massandi is right , in his own way . For every illness I can cure , contact with the white man brings a new disease . The timber industry has caused terrible famine , terrible . We do have much to answer for . We can 't just sit here . Isn 't there some other kind of treatment you can try ? I 'm afraid not . We got to do something . Yes . We must do the hardest thing a young man has ever been asked to do . Wait . ( DRUMS BEATING ) RAPP : Hear those drums ? Somebody 's in big trouble . You stay low , while I check the waterhole . We might be able to pick up another half a dozen volunteers before we head back . Hurry up . I 'll keep an eye on this bunch . Sit down , boy . I told you my name is Joseph . I said sit ! Now , that 's much better . You know , can 't figure it . What tribe dresses its warriors like that ? I am not a warrior . I work for Dr. Schweitzer , and I need to ... You need to get some medicine to him . I know , you told me . And that 's all I want to hear about it . You 're not Schweitzer 's boy , anymore . You 're a timber worker now . You 're gonna get up early and work hard for your food , like the rest of your friends . You know , I don 't see how he can work for Schweitzer and you at the same time . What the ... Back off ! What are you doing ? You 're one of us . I may be white , but I 'm definitely not one of you . You got the medicine ? Yes , but the drums say the doctor will die with the chief . Nobody 's gonna die if we get it there on time . Untie them . ( WHIPS ) Untie them ! Okay , okay . ( DRUMS BEATING ) There they go again . What are they saying ? They 're saying that Chief Nogonde is very near death . And the white doctor is going to share his fate . We could have had an equal share . You know , the kind of money you just let get away . Yeah , the kind that makes your hands dirty . Come on , we got to get that medicine back to the village . He came up at me from behind . Hegson , where are the others ? He let them go . Well , then he 'll just have to help us find them again . Won 't you ? Does it have to be the four I freed or would any four do ? As long as they 're strong and healthy , any four 'll do . ( LAUGHS ) Good . Well , how about the four right behind you ? How stupid do you think I am ? You 're pretty stupid , if you don 't drop that rifle . What 's wrong with you ? I always wanted to do that . They don 't appreciate all the sacrifices you 're making for them . You could be back in your own house right now . Instead of sitting here and waiting if you 're going to live or die . Sacrifice , huh ? I do miss Germany . But Africa has become my heart 's home . For it is here I have learnt the true meaning of , " Ehrfurcht vor dem Leben . " What does that mean ? Reverence for life . You mean like , not killing unless you have to ? The idea loses much in the translation . No , it means having respect for life , all life . No matter how small or how different that life might be from our own . It demands each of us give up a small part of our lives for others . Do you understand ? Huh ? Yeah . I think so . ( SIGHS ) Chief Nogonde has dropped into the dreamless sleep . He 's dead ? No , it means he 's in a coma and quite close to death . Dr. Schweitzer , you must die now . Why ? The spirits demand a soul . Perhaps they will be content with a soul other than Chief Nogonde 's . That 's not fair ! You 're just a lousy witch doctor . You don 't know anything about respect for life . BOGG : Dr. Schweitzer , Jeff , we got the medicine . Bogg ! Doctor , are we in time ? You may try . What about the boy and Mr. Bogg ? Release all the white men . But beware , it will be unwise to test my mercy a second time . I hope the Chief lives . ( DINGS ) He does . Green light . Green light . ( SIGHS ) Well , you saved the Chief and Dr. Schweitzer . Yeah , he 's quite a guy . Yeah . He told me all about this idea of his , reverence for life . Oh , yeah ? Ehrfurcht vor dem Leben ? Yeah . Come on , we got to rescue Annie from those Russian bears . But we don 't even know where they took her . They haven 't had time to take her to Russia , so I figure they got her someplace right here in England . Bogg , England 's a big place . Yeah , so we better start searching . As soon as I rustle up a couple of horses , we 're on our way . Go on , quit the show ! She didn 't quit , Buffalo Bill . I 'm afraid she did , son . Quit and tried to burn the whole Wild West Show down besides . You know , it wasn 't very nice of you to ask her to lose , just so that Duke and his friends would keep coming back to your show . Son , you 've got to understand something . My Wild West Show has made me a very rich man . Kings and Queens ask me to tea . The most beautiful women in Europe let me kiss their hand . When I was scouting Indians for the Army , well , I was so poor and dusty , no woman would come near me . Even the officers . Didn 't think I was good enough to eat in their tent . I don 't ever want to have to live that way again . Well , now you 're rich and famous . You 've got everything you ever wanted . Yeah . But I did lose one thing somewhere along the way . What 's that ? My honor and the respect for other peoples ' honor . None of this would have happened if I had the guts to tell the Russians no in the first place . Annie didn 't start that fire . It was started accidentally when the Duke 's aide and his guys kidnapped her . They kidnapped Annie ? But I told the Russians they could talk to her . Why those dirty ... We 've got to get Annie back ! Come on ! What are you doing with Benedict Arnold ? Buffalo Bill 's gonna help us rescue Annie . Please , Mr. Bogg , let me go with you . To redeem my honor . Never mind , we 've got to hurry . It 's almost 12 : 00 , and we don 't even know where to start looking . BILL : Yes , we do . You know where they took Annie ? I got a pretty good hunch . Where ? The Duke and his pals are staying at a big spread outside of town . That royal skunk invited me to dinner last night so he can console me about losing Annie . Come on ! Whoa , kid , you 're not coming with us . Why ? 'Cause you 're gonna be at the castle . Try and stall the match till we get there . How am I supposed to do that ? ( SIGHS ) Don 't worry , you 'll think of something . ANNIE : You can dress up and talk fancy , but you 're nothing but a lousy outlaw . It 's bad enough you taking me , but leaving that little boy and Mr. Bogg to get blown up like that ... In fact , I 'm not gonna sit still for this another second . BILL : The barn 's just up ahead . That 's the Duke 's carriage . Quick , behind the trees . The Duke awaits me . I must be on my way to the castle . Don 't look now . In back of me up the road , there are two men on horseback . They must not reach Miss Oakley . Dispose of them as you would any enemy of mother Russia . ANNIE : What ? I won 't eat it . Torturing folks , trying to make me eat raw fish eggs . ( SPUTTERS ) Well , it won 't work with me . I 'm not gonna lose that match no matter what awful stuff you try and feed me . Impressed , ain 't you ? DUKE : My opponent still has not arrived . Buffalo Bill and Miss Oakley still have a few minutes before the match begins . He 'll be here . I mean , Buffalo Bill wouldn 't dare ignore a royal request . You can 't fool me , my little Princess . You 're just hoping Mr. Cody will bring back your friend . Well , he was very brave and dashing . And handsome . Broad shouldered , strong , lean of limb . Grandmother ! I 'm old darling , not dead . Your Majesty , it 's nearly 12 : 00 and Miss Oakley is quite obviously not coming . Nearly 12 : 00 is correct . What makes you so sure Miss Oakley will not be here ? Well , I 'm only anxious to proceed with the rest of the afternoon 's agenda . The sooner you declare this match forfeit , the sooner we might get on to other happier affairs . I mean , after all , Your Majesty , the rules dictate . Duke Michael , I dictate the rules . We will wait a few more minutes . ( SCREAMS ) ( GROANING ) ( GRUNTS ) ( MEN SPEAKING RUSSIAN ) The horses are outside . You get to the castle . BOGG : Go , Annie . Go back to the castle . Hurry up , go ! Go on . Let 's go . Get going , I 'm right behind you . I got to see the Queen , it 's an emergency . Please , you got to let me in , it 's real important . You see , Annie Oakley doesn 't have the courage to face me in this match . JEFFREY : She 'll be here ! Jeffrey ? Please , Your Majesty . Let the boy go . Is Miss Oakley with you ? No , but she 's on her way right now . What detained her ? Maybe you should ask the Duke and his friend . This boy is insolent . They kidnapped her . Why would the Duke do such a thing ? The boy is obviously lying . I 'm not lying . Then perhaps this is a story that you made up . No , please , Your Majesty , you have to believe me . I must believe the Duke . JEFFREY : Why ? A boy who tells a story can be forgiven , a man who kidnaps a woman , cannot be forgiven . Your Majesty , it is now 12 : 00 . And since the Duke has no opponent , the Queen has no choice but to declare a forfeit . Jeffrey , I must respect the rules of the match . It was to begin at 12 : 00 sharp . ( CHURCH BELLS TOLLING ) Okay , then let it begin . Let the Duke take his turn first . DUKE 'S AIDE : This is ridiculous . We should simply proceed with the betrothal . I think Jeffrey 's idea is splendid , Grandmother . Duke Michael , please , take your turn . And if , when you are done , Miss Oakley still has not arrived , then I shall be most happy to declare the forfeit . ( COCKING ) ( PEOPLE APPLAUDING ) I 'm afraid Miss Oakley is not going to get here in time . Please , Your Majesty , if you 'll just wait a few more minutes , I know she 'll be here . But we have to get on with the betrothal . I 'm very sorry , my darling , I can 't put it off any longer . ( PEOPLE APPLAUDING ) But I don 't love him , Grandmother . Close your eyes and think of England . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) DUKE 'S AIDE : Just take your time . ( PEOPLE APPLAUDING ) Your Majesty . Yes , yes . We must get on with it . Due to Miss Oakley 's failure to appear , I declare this match ... ( ANNIE SCREAMS ) You did it . BOGG : No , I didn 't , kid . Annie Oakley did . Your Majesty , the match is over . It 's time for you to announce the Princess ' engagement to the Duke . You two no good cowards ! Buffalo Bill , what 's the meaning of this ? These two good for nothings tried to get me to order Annie to lose this match . That 's a lie . I wish it were . But I 'm ashamed to say I did ask her , and when she turned me down , these two fine gentlemen kidnapped her . Jeffrey , can you forgive me for having doubted your word ? Sure , Your Majesty . You are more generous with me , than I shall be with the Duke . Your Majesty , I know nothing about this . My aide acted on his own . You are responsible for any act committed in your name . I cannot go home without the Princess . We must not lose sight of the alliances this marriage would provide . Our country cannot be made any stronger , by an alliance with men who are so weak ! ( DINGS ) Green light ! Guess the wedding 's off . Yeah , think maybe now I have a chance with the Princess ? No way . It just might be one of the great love stories of all time . Oh , yeah , the Princess and the pauper . JEFFREY ... If you wanna learn more about Buffalo Bill and Annie Oakley , Queen Victoria or Dr. Schweitzer , take a voyage down to your public library . It 's all in books ! Done by ( c ) dcd / January 2008
