 The prospect of meeting the perfect woman is fascinating : Genetically speaking , Miss Cosmos is the perfect example : : : Of the female human in this quadrant : [ Narrator ] Buck finds danger and romance on a " Cruise Ship to the Stars ' : : And meets a beautiful and deadly woman with two faces : Whoever wants Miss Cosmos will stop at nothing to get her : They can freeze her body tissue and sell it on the black market across the universe : Hello , Buck Rogers : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : You called me , and I came immediately , Miss Cosmos : - Your message sounded urgent : - Thank you , Captain : I realize that being so far from my home planet creates its own anxieties , but since I 've been aboard your cruiser , the Lyran Queen , I sense that someone has been watching me : Well , that 's very regrettable , Miss Cosmos : But this is , after all , simply a leisure ship : We have no special safeguards for our passengers , no matter how valuable they may be : I just wanted you to know my concern : Uh , your quarters , you find them comfortable ? More forest scent , perhaps ? Everything 's fine , Captain : I 'm enjoying the cruise immensely : And we enjoy having you on the cruise , Miss Cosmos : It isn 't often we have a passenger who 's so ... Promotable ? You 'll be sitting at my table for dinner : - Thank you : - Now , if you 'll excuse me , - I 'll see you at 1800 hours : - Captain : - [ Gasps ] - [ Man Shouting ] Deploy a security unit to the stateroom area at once ! [ Gasps ] [ Buck ] All right , Wilma : I 'll see your 20 credits and raise you 10 credits : Well , it 's a very unusual game : [ Chuckles ] Where did you get these ... Cards : Twiki made ' em for me : I thought you 'd enjoy it : Well , I think that I 'll , uh , spindle ? - Fold : - Fold : Well , Wilma , how about you ? I could be here another 500 years at this rate : - Fold : - All right : Well , that leaves old lucky Buck with : : : Three ... count ' em ... three nines : We all know what that means , right ? [ Chirping ] - Not so fast , bub : - What do you got , Twiki ? Five pictorial units of the same subset , presented sequentially : - A royal flush : - [ Laughing ] [ Laughing ] Come to Papa : - It 's like losing to a typewriter : - Watch it , bub : Well , how about something to eat ? Nice idea : Yeah : Tell me , Dr : Huer , what was all the commotion this afternoon at the Comm Center ? Something about a Lyran Queen ? Oh , yes : The , uh , luxury liner , the Lyran Queen , took off from here two days ago : : : With a highly publicized passenger aboard , Miss Cosmos : Miss Cosmos ? A beauty pageant winner ? Don 't tell me you people still go in that sort of thing : Beauty contests are much more sophisticated than they used to be : It 's what 's inside that counts : Literally : Hmm : Oh , yes , indeed : Genetically speaking , Miss Cosmos is closer than anyone : : : To the perfect example of the female human in this quadrant : Well , what do Miss Cosmos and the Lyran Queen : : : Have to do with your job , Dr : Huer ? Oh , well , someone tried to rob or kidnap her yesterday : A woman , actually , with extraordinary powers : We haven 't as yet been able to establish a positive identification of the suspect , but we believe it to be one of a pair of notorious thieves , which up to now have specialized in inanimate objects of great value : : : But now have turned to ... - Bodies : - Bodies : Exactly : And in this particular case , a body of staggering genetic value : So , under the circumstances , the stellar authorities have asked for our help : : : Because their agents are too well-known : Huh : Would you like for me to intercept that cruise ship : : : And look after Miss Cosmos for you ? Well , that would be very good of you , Buck : I mean , after all , the prospect of meeting the perfect woman is fascinating : Yes , I would think so : Well , you 'll be in charge : : : Of general security , of course : The mere fact that you are not one of our agents makes you less suspect : Wilma , I 'm gonna need your help : How could I refuse ? I warn you : I play a very mean game of shuffleboard : - Huh ? - Shuffleboard ? Well , another tribal custom bites the dust : [ Man On P : A : ] Will arriving passenger Buck Rogers please report to the bridge immediately ? [ Whirring ] The energy from that creature is tremendous : Are you sure this device of yours can stop her ? Theo assures me it will : The device 'll put out a curtain of coruscating light strong enough to stop a bull elephant : But you must understand , Captain Rogers , that whoever wants Miss Cosmos will stop at nothing to get her : They 're after her genes : They can freeze her body tissue : : : And sell it on the black market across the universe at a staggering profit : I can understand your concern , Captain : I 'll do everything I can to keep her alive : Now , shall we go in and meet Miss Cosmos ? [ Doorbell Rings ] Miss Cosmos , this is Captain Buck Rogers : I 'm sure you 've seen a vid-story or two on him : He 's from the ... Twentieth century : Of course : A pleasure to meet you , Captain : Buck : The pleasure 's mine , Miss Cosmos : Call me Tara : Captain Rogers has volunteered : : : On behalf of the Earth Defense Directorate to see to your safety , Miss Cosmos : Thank you : I 'm sure you 're in capable hands now : Well , if you 'll excuse me , I have a ship to see to : I 'll leave you two : : : Alone : Gammon , Marek , why don 't you accompany the captain ? You did say you wanted a tour of the ship , didn 't you ? Can I get you something to drink , Buck ? No , thanks : It 's a little early for me yet : May I ? Very nice : Been painting long ? Oh , you 'll have to excuse me for staring : I 've never met a 500-year-old man before : That 's all right : I 've never met a genetically perfect woman before either : Mmm : Think of the permutations : I 'd love to think of the permutations : Maybe later , after we 're sure the danger 's over : [ Door Buzzes ] Come in : Hi : Ready for lunch ? Almost : Jay , what are we gonna do on this huge ship for three weeks ? Exactly what we have been doing ... enjoying ourselves , mixing with the other passengers , meeting new people : You 've seen how bad I am at doing that : Alison , this trip wasn 't my idea : It was the neuromed 's : All she said was I needed a rest : Couldn 't I have rested just as well in New Chicago ? Oh , Jay , I 'm sorry : It 's just that I 'm always so scared to try new things : Why do you stay with me anyway ? Because I love you : Now , I 'll meet you up at our table in 10 minutes : We 're going to eat , and we 're going to have fun : [ On P : A : ] This is your captain speaking : Now that all our passengers are aboard , we 're accelerating to light speed : : : For a slow , leisurely cruise to Stargate 1 : After leaving the Stargate , we 'll enter the Vega system , where we 'll make our first stop on Sutter 's World , Yes : How do you do ? A planet renowned for its fair climate , colorful indigents and remarkable hospitality : [ Chirping ] Wilma 's looking real foxy : Hold it right there : You are everything I 've ever wanted out of life : And couldn 't have : Hold on : Hold on : I 'm , uh ... I 'm Gurney Langston , Jr : I 'm from the Boston complex : Rhea Durant , New Manhattan : The Durants of Manhattan ? This is remarkable ! Your family owns Rigel 2 : My family owns Rigel 3 : We 're practically neighbors : Now , look , we must have dinner tonight : Buck , I don 't understand what Colonel Deering is up to : [ Buck ] Wilma is setting herself up as a target no self-respecting thief : : Or kidnapper can pass up : Well , Theo , when you put out the honey , you draw as many flies as you do bees sometimes : I wish you would refrain from using such antiquated verbiage , Buck : It makes it so difficult to follow you sometimes : [ Chirping ] Something from the bar , sir ? [ Chirping ] Hold the phone : - Nothing for me , thanks : - [ Chirping ] [ Chirping ] [ Chirping Continues ] [ Chirping Continues ] Twiki ? Twiki , where are you going ? Don 't ask : Well , it looks as if Miss Cosmos is packing it in for the day : I 'll give her five minutes , then I 'll start patrolling the stateroom areas : [ Man On P : A : ] There will be a lecture tonight on the origins of Sutter 's World : : : In Observation Room 3 on Level " J : ' " [ Mechanical Whirring ] [ Grunting ] Excuse me : Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine : No offense , but you don 't look fine : I 'm all right , really : I 'm very sorry to bother you : That 's okay : My name 's Buck Rogers : Alison Michaels : Thanks , Buck : Don 't mention it : I hope you don 't mind my asking , but have you been ill ? Well , um , Jay ... That 's my boyfriend : He took me to a neuromed in New Chicago : She found nothing really wrong , just hypertension : She suggested a rest , and that 's why I came on this cruise : But it doesn 't seem to be working : You 'll be fine : Come on : I 'll help you back to your cabin : Alison , are you all right ? Oh , Jay , it happened again : I went to sleep , and when I woke up , I found myself wandering around : Oh , honey , honey , you 've just got to relax : Oh : This is Buck Rogers : He helped me back here : Buck , this is Jalor Davin : - I appreciate your help , Buck : - It 's my pleasure : Why don 't I have the ship 's doctor come by and take a look at you ? We 've been to the best neuromeds in New Chicago : I doubt a ship 's doctor could tell us anything we don 't already know : But thanks again , Buck : Sure : Sure : Well , take care of yourself , all right ? Maybe we 'll see you tonight at the banquet ? Yeah : I 'll drop by your table : - Bye-bye : - Bye , Buck : I don 't like him : You don 't like any of my friends : Why do you do this to me ? Do what ? Treat me like a child , like I can 't take care of myself : Alison , you 're sick : I 'm just trying to look after you : I 'm not sick ! Yes , you are : You 're very sick , Alison : I 'm not ! I 'm not sick ! [ Laughing ] [ Laughing Continues ] [ Sighs ] Stupid , weak , sniveling little creature : How do you put up with her ? I like part of her : My part , you mean ? I take it something happened down in the stateroom area : Somebody installed some kind of energy curtain down there : The closer I got to it , the more it drained my power : L : : : Can 't get pass it : I 'll take care of it when Miss Cosmos is at dinner : Good : Then , after dinner , I 'm going after those Denebian moon crystals : The woman from New Manhattan ? That 's right : Why do we go through this every time you see a pretty jewel ? We 're here for Miss Cosmos , Sabrina : I want them : Go after all the Denebian moon crystals you want : : : Another time : Right now , just concentrate on Miss Cosmos : No ! We 'll do it my way : I want them , and I 'm going to get them : All right : Just let me check her out , and we 'll see about relieving Miss Rhea Durant : : : Of her walking jewelry collection : [ Both Chuckling ] Dinner 's in 20 minutes : I need Alison again : No ! Not so soon ! Someday you 'll take her over completely , but for now ... I hate her ! I hate her : I hate her : I hate her : I hate her : Hurry up , honey : We 'll be late for the banquet : [ Chattering ] This is comfortable enough , Twiki , but I think we might have updated it a little more : What do you think ? Hmm ? [ Chirping ] It 's the latest fashion on Klosef 3 : - How am I supposed to eat with this thing ? - Just point it at the food , Buck , and activate the switch at the base of the fork : A null-gravity fork , the latest word in dining accoutrements : It 's great if you like your food on the hoof : Where 's your girlfriend , Twiki ? I thought you two had a date : - [ Chirping ] She gets off work at 10 : 00 : - What 's her name again ? Her name is Tina , and I think her interest in Twiki is purely physical : - Physical ? - You 'd better believe it : - Physical , huh ? - [ Chirping ] Okay , Twiki : I 'm gonna give you your first assignment : I want you to contact Wilma and tell her to meet me in my cabin at 2200 hours : All right ? [ Chirping ] No problem , Buck : Hiya , Twiki : Hiya , babe : [ Both Chirping ] Tina , this is Buck : Pleased to meet you : Charmed , I 'm sure : Are you hot to trot ? Ready when you are : Twiki , are you actually going down to the dance chamber ? [ Chirping ] Right after I see Wilma : [ Both Chirping ] Now I 've seen everything : Excuse me , Theo : I 've got some business to attend to : Why , yes : By all means , Buck : But before you go , would you please turn me 60 degrees to the left ? Sure : - How 's that ? - Perfect : My circuitry periodically needs such realigning : Sure , Theo : I hate to say it , but now I don 't feel very well : I 'm gonna lie down for a while : - You just stay here : - Not by myself : Hello , everybody : Leaving so soon ? I seem to have developed a headache : Oh : Do you mind if I keep Alison company why you go take something for it ? Fine : Alison , I 'll see you back at your cabin : I 'll be up as soon as I 'm finished : - Please sit down : - Thank you : [ Digital Beeping ] How 's everything going ? It 's none of your concern : You 're getting paid to do a job and mind your business : It 's my neck if you get caught : All they have to do is make a simple life scan of the ship and they 'll find her : All you have to do is make sure everything operates normally : That 's what you 're being paid for : We 're going to install an antispectrometer : Their scanners will be useless : They 'll never know anyone was in here : What happens when you leave ? You 're not gonna be able to simply walk off the ship with Miss Cosmos under your arm : That 's exactly what we 're going to do : You and Jay seem to have a nice thing going : How long have you known each other ? Almost a year : Yeah ? How 'd you meet ? I don 't know : How does anybody meet anybody ? We met at a bar : I 've forgotten exactly where : I 've been so many places : But he 's very good to me : He 's strong : I like that in a man : Are you enjoying the cruise ? Honestly ? Yeah : No : Uh-uh : Come on : Eat : Eat : That stuff is good for you : Or so they tell me : You 're joking : I haven 't heard that ... Alison , are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine : - You were saying ? - Oh , my parents died when I was little : My mother used to always tell me to finish my food : I just haven 't heard that in a long time : I 'm sorry : I didn 't mean to say anything to upset you : Oh , no , you didn 't : I don 't know how we got on it in the first place : She 's a very attractive lady , isn 't she ? Yes : She 's absolutely gorgeous : [ Man On P : A : ] The formal dining room will be available for seating after 1830 hours : Repeat , the formal dining room will be available for seating after 1830 hours : Electromag sensor programmed for only a few specific patterns , no doubt : As soon as I recover from whatever it is I have , I 'd like to see New Phoenix : Maybe even move there permanently : Alison , I 'm really sorry , but I 've gotta go : I just remembered something : That 's okay : - Maybe we can talk again sometime : - Sure : Sure : [ Man On P : A : ] Pleasejoin us for cocktails in the Astro Lounge , located on " F ' " Deck : Pleasejoin us for cocktails in the Astro Lounge , located on " F ' " Deck : Here we go : [ Static ] Hold it , fella : ! What 's your security code ? What do you think you 're doing ? [ Grunting ] And you still have no idea who 's responsible for the attempts on the beauty queen ? No , but I think your pair of super thieves are involved : - How do you mean ? - The captain told me : : : Of an encounter with a superstrong woman : : : Having psychokinetic powers : I think we 're gonna have to come up with some heavy-duty defenses against her : What did you have in mind ? Just to be on the safe side , I 'd like you to send me a few sonic pistols on the next cargo run , and some earplugs : I 'll send them up as soon as possible : You know , Buck , I can 't tell you how much I appreciate what you 're doing : I realize that it must be difficult , you know , working so hard when others all around you are enjoying themselves : Well , if living my life vicariously through Twiki counts , I 'm enjoying myself : - Twiki ? - Yeah , you remember him ? The little silver guy ? I 'm afraid he 's developed a very active libido : That sounds like I should have a talk with his programmers : That 's not a bad idea : I 'm afraid it 's a little too late for that : If I were you , I 'd prepare for the patter of little metal feet : - The what ? I beg your pardon ? - Never mind : I 'd better sign off : If I come up with anything , I 'll get back to you : Rogers out : " Little metal feet " ? [ Disco ] [ People Chattering , Laughing ] [ Chirping ] What a good dancer you are , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Buck taught me all I know : They call this one the bump : [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : I 've never seen a dance like that before , Twiki : I 'll take those jewels you 're wearing , if you don 't mind : Actually , I do : Denebian moon crystals : For an impostor , you have very good taste : You see , to become good at this , which I have , one must always be sure of one 's intended victim : There 's a Rhea Durant in New Manhattan , all right , but she 's very reclusive : She 's also : : : 82 years old : [ Laughing ] [ Man On P : A : ] Make your reservations now for the sightseeing shuttle : : : With your ambu-quad relations director : Wilma ! The Denebian crystals your attacker stole : : : Have a highly distinctive molecular structure : Buck 's monitor should be able to pinpoint their location : : : And , therefore , the location of our unusual thief : Except I 'm not getting any reading on this thing : Let me see : [ Whirring ] Oh , dear : This is unfortunate : There seems to be some interference , something jamming the signals : Could it have something to do with the woman herself ? She was physically powerful , and she was able to fire those blasts of energy : Which probably means she 's some kind of mutant , in which case she 'd have to give off a tremendous energy field : Strong enough to block our tracer : That , unfortunately , seems all too likely , Buck : Wilma , if that woman is a mutant , who 's to say she doesn 't carry some kind of protective coloring , like a chameleon ? If that 's true , if she can become anyone she wants to , how are we gonna find her ? No , no , no , no , no : Wait a minute : Suppose instead of being one person , she 's two ? - Buck , that doesn 't make sense : - I think it will later : There 's someone I wanna do some more checking on : Hiya , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Buck : [ Chirping Continues ] Hi , guys : What 's the matter , Twiki ? It 's only 0300 hours : I 'm bushed : Just a minute , Twiki : If you think you 're going to retire for the evening : : : Without hearing from me , you are quite incorrect : Your behavior ever since you set foot on this ship has been abominable : Twiki ? Twiki ? Twiki ? Twiki : ! [ On P : A : ] This is your captain speaking : It 's 0900 hours : Breakfast is now being served on the observation deck , where you 'll be treated to a spectacular view of William 's Comet : Something you won 't want to miss : [ Doorbell Rings ] [ Alison ] Yes ? It 's me , Buck Rogers : Come in : Hi : You 're not going to breakfast ? No : But I 'm glad you dropped by : I don 't know who else to turn to : - I think I 'm going insane : - No : Now , I doubt that : No : I am : I used to just get tired and have these dizzy spells , but now : : : I 'm having nightmares with my eyes open ! And it 's like I 'm hurting people ! Buck , I have never wanted to hurt anybody in my life , and maybe that 's why people have wanted to take advantage of me ! - But I 'm scared : - Tell me about these nightmares : - I don 't want to think about it : - Please try : - No : - Okay : All right : Take it easy : Come on over here : Come over here and sit down : All right ? [ Sniffling ] Now , I think I may know what 's wrong with you : I 'd like to try to help : You promise me you 'll stay right here , let me go get a friend of mine ? A doctor ? Well , sort of : Trust me : All right : [ Door Opens ] No ! No ! Please ! No doctor for me , Buck Rogers : Hello , Buck Rogers : My name is Sabrina : I wouldn 't if I were you , Captain : Now , Buck , if you 'll take care of the light curtain , we 'll get on with this : And do it quietly : Miss Cosmos chose to dine inside her room this morning : Forget it , Sabrina : I suggest you think about the welfare of your friend : What friend ? The brunette with the fancy jewelry : The one who tried to trap me : The one I nearly killed last night : I don 't know what you 're talking about : Fine : Then I guess you won 't mind when they find Rhea Durant dead later today : Kill her : Wait ! All right : [ Whirring ] If anything happens to me , you first , and then your friend will die : - Thanks , Buck : - Don 't mention it : Let 's get her : This is what you people were supposed to prevent : Miss Cosmos is gone ! Issue an order that no vessel is to leave the hangar bay area until it 's thoroughly searched : But there are shuttle vessels arriving every day : So , all of them will undergo a mandatory life-form scan before leaving : That will make the pilots suspicious : They 'll ask questions , spread rumors : Captain , will you stop worrying about bad publicity ? This woman 's in grave danger : [ Sighs ] Yes , of course : Let me go : Where am I ? Where 's Buck ? Call for him : He won 't come : - Sweet dreams : - [ Man ] What 's gonna happen when it 's over ? Not a drop of precious blood will be spilled : Microtomic lasers are neat and tidy : The antispectrometer ... Put it over there , just by the door : - I know where it goes : - [ Man ] What is that thing ? [ Jay ] Something that will fool any scanner they might use to try and find her : - Let 's get on with it : - [ Whirring ] That 's all we can do for now : The laser will draw power from the ship very slowly : : : So that the monitors will not detect : When it peaks , the laser will be in full effect : Its blade will start dissecting her quite automatically : Sleep well , dear : We have a big day tomorrow : [ Both Chuckling ] [ Whirring Continues ] You 'll have the other half of my payment tomorrow morning ? I told you : When we leave : I want it sooner ! I don 't want to be around ... All right : Fine : We 'll pay you tomorrow morning : Then you can leave : Okay : We 'll have to kill him too : Come on : What 's wrong ? [ Groans ] No ! Go away ! Oh , no , not now : Leave me alone ! I wanna stay ! [ Groans ] Oh , Alison : Alison , I 've been looking all over for you : You poor thing : You 're ill : That 's all : Yes , I am : I 'm sick , and I need help : I want help , and I 'm not getting it on board this ship ! We dock at Sutter 's World in three days : We can catch a cruiser back to Earth from there : No ! I 'm going to New Chicago tomorrow , with you or without you , Jay : Whatever it is that happens to me , I 'm no longer gonna let it run my life ! [ Theo ] What you are suggesting , Buck , is that Alison Michaels is a transmute ... a split personality ... with the genetic ability to transform itself in times of stress : : : Into one of two or more separate entities : All we have is a theory : We can 't act without evidence : - Then what we have to do is capture her as Sabrina : - Oh : Yeah : Dr : Theopolis , the light curtain in the stateroom , can it be intensified ? Why , yes : Easily : [ Chirping ] Mail call : Ah : Thank you , Twiki : What is that ? This just came through the shuttle bay : Sonic pistols , plus earplugs to protect the persons using them : Now , I 'm gonna tell you how we 're gonna beat Sabrina and bring Alison to her senses : [ Disco ] [ People Chattering , Laughing ] [ Continues ] You mind if I cut in ? My , is that a promise or a threat ? Take your choice : Oh , yeah ? Hmm : Listen , I just checked : They have a policy : : : Against letting passengers leave the ship except at authorized stops : I 'm sure they make exceptions for medical emergencies : You don 't really want to make a scene , do you ? I want to get well ! Let 's go : Hi , Alison : Hello , Buck : - Mind if we join you ? - As a matter of fact ... Please do : Tina , drinks for everybody , on me : Right away , Buck : Well , nothing like a little chat among friends , is there ? Depends on the subject : Let 's try the past : Yours , specifically : I made some inquiries today : I found out about your conviction for selling stolen property : - Come on , Alison : Let 's get out of here : - No , I want to hear this : Your boyfriend 's just using you , Alison : He doesn 't care anything about you , only what you can steal for him : : : Through someone you become : The blackouts ? I turn into someone terrible , don 't I , Jay ? Someone cruel : Someone who steals for you : Alison , don 't get yourself excited : Why ? Are you afraid of her ? Maybe I ought to let her show you what I think of you : Would you like that ? Would you ? Yes , Jay : Let me show you : Let me show all of you : [ People Shouting ] [ Woman Gasps ] Little Alison was right about one thing : She doesn 't need you : - She doesn 't need anybody : - [ People Chattering ] All right : Let 's get to our posts : [ High-pitched Whirring ] [ Chirping ] Far out ! [ High-pitched Whirring ] [ High-pitched Whirring ] [ High-pitched Whirring ] [ High-pitched Whirring ] - [ High-pitched Whirring ] - [ Whirring Continues ] [ Whirring ] No ! No ! Please : I don 't want to go back : Don 't make me : I won 't go : [ Groans ] [ Whirring Intensifies ] [ Groans ] [ Groaning ] - Alison ? Alison , can you hear me ? - [ Groaning Continues ] Alison ! - Are you all right ? - I think so : Good : Can you tell me where Miss Cosmos is ? Can you remember where Miss Cosmos is ? I can 't : Alison , try : She 's in the disposal room on Level " B : " Take good care of her , Wilma : [ Three Tones ] Oh , help me : ! [ Whimpers ] [ Sobbing ] That was a little close for comfort , Tara : Oh , Buck ! [ Dr : Huer On Speaker ] Alison Michaels just checked into the Directorate Clinic for psych scans , but all preliminary reports indicate she 'll be just fine : Just a modicum of therapy and all of Sabrina 's powers should be gone forever : And by the way , Alison says thank you , Buck : Tell her it was my pleasure : Is there any word on Jalor Davin and his accomplice from the ship ? [ Dr : Huer ] Oh , yes : They were picked up by Directorate Police : How 's Miss Cosmos after her ordeal ? Quite all right , Dr : Huer : That 's good : I 'm glad to hear it : I owe Buck my life : I 'll never be able to repay him : Oh , we 'll work something out : [ Chuckling ] Well , Buck , I imagine you and Colonel Deering : : : Should be anxious to get back to Earth : Oh , yeah : Right : Right : You bet : I 'd like you to catch the next shuttle back : Uh , what was that , Dr : Huer ? [ Static ] - [ Dr : Huer ] I said ... - Dr : Huer , there 's an awful lot of subspace static today : - You 're gonna have to speak up : - Buck ? Colonel Deering ? Come in , Dr : Huer : Dr : Huer , can you hear me ? - Can you hear me ? - [ Static Continues ] I guess not : Now , how about dinner ? [ Chirping ] Now we can get it on : [ All Laughing ]
