 Hey , you 're good : [ Narrator ] Princess Ardala returns with a plot to create duplicates of Buck Rogers for her own sinister purpose : Captain Buck Rogers , meet Captain Buck Rogers : As you see , Captain , you can be replaced : I want you to launch the attack against Earth immediately : What can one Buck Rogers possibly do against three ? That 's two down : One more to go : - Boring , Buck : Boring : - Which one ? [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Man ] Ship stabilized at one-quarter power : Advance to half power : Roger : Advancing to half power : [ Engine Fluttering ] I 'm getting severe vibrations : I 'm losing it ! I 'm losing it ! So much for Hero Number Seven , isn 't it , Kane ? If you keep this up , we 'll have to message my father for more posthumous medals : There is nothing wrong with my design , Princess : Of course not : Except that it kills all of our best pilots because no one can fly it : Cancel the program : Princess , your father would never agree : You know that he ... Sit down ! I know what my father would agree to : As punishment for the way the Terrans have insulted me , I 'm to be allowed to destroy any city on Earth that I wish : Without this program , Princess , it will be impossible to penetrate Terran defenses : Then stop talking and find someone who can fly your Hatchet fighter : Perhaps you : No , not you : But there is a man who would be ideal : But : : : Buck Rogers would never agree : We don 't need his permission : We have Lab 23 : Mm : Once we have the prototype , we can always improve on the model : That I seriously doubt : It 's beautiful , Twiki : What exactly is it ? [ Chirping ] Just what you ordered ... a ping-pool table : A ping-pool table ? I ordered a Ping-Pong table , Twiki : Pool 's an entirely different game : [ Chirping ] Well , there was a page missing from the construction manual : Somewhere between pong and pool I imagine , right ? - What is Ping-Pong , Buck ? - Oh , it 's a terrific game : Two , four people ... uh , excuse me , entities can play it : And you simply hit the ball over the net in the middle with those two paddles : Oh , I see : Maybe : [ Chirping ] Why , Buck ? Why ? Because : : : It 's a game : [ Chuckles ] - How quaint : - Well , let 's play it : You 'll get an idea how it works when you see it in action , okay ? I seriously doubt that : Get over there : All right : Pick up the paddle : All right : - Now , I 'll hit the ball over the net to you : You hit it right back to me , okay ? - If you say so : Now remember , if the ball doesn 't go over the net , you lose a point : - Ready ? - Mm-hmm : [ Ball Thuds , Rolls ] - [ Twiki ] An ace , Buck ? - It didn 't go over the net : I won : Well , uh , that was easy : What 's next , Buck ? [ Beeps ] Dr : Huer : - Is Colonel Deering with you , Buck ? - Right here , sir : - Colonel , would you please report to my office : - Uh , right away , sir : - And , Buck , you might find this interesting too : Huer out : - [ Beeps ] Come on , Twiki : - Our robot probes picked it up when it entered our solar system : - It 's like a letter from home : No offense , Buck : But it just looks like more antique space junk to me : Can I get a look inside ? Yes , if you like : Good heavens : There 's an astronaut : - Who could it be , Buck ? - I can 't be sure : That ship was flying recon in my time : [ Buck ] We might have taken training together at NASA : I 'd like to take a ship up there and get a better look : Yes , of course : Take Twiki with you in case you have trouble with the air lock entry : - [ Chirping ] - Our records show no further launches after yours , Captain Rogers : Yeah , well , your records have been off before : Yes , Buck 's right : There 's a capsule up there with an astronaut aboard : Come on , Twiki , let 's move it : [ Chirping ] Oh , boy : Use caution , Captain Rogers : Prepare for docking : [ Buck ] Easy does it : [ Sighs ] Nothing to it : Twiki , is it safe to open this thing ? [ Chirping ] It is if you push green , green , red , green : Something must be wrong : Maybe it 's stuck : Can you get it open , Twiki ? You got it , boss : Theo was right , Twiki : It 's a trap : Let 's get out of here : Hey , what 's goin ' on ? Well , Twiki , it looks like we 're about to take a trip : [ Chirping ] The question is where ? Captain Rogers : How good of you to drop by : Great costume , Tigerman : You goin ' trick or treatin ' ? Defiance : I always liked that in a man : What did you think of my ingenious invitation , Captain ? - I was swept away by emotion : - Leave us : Shall I order the ambu-quad disassembled ? [ Chirping ] You ever have two broken arms , buster ? No : I 'd like Captain Rogers 's visit to be a pleasant one : After all , a friendly ear in a strange place is such a comfort : [ Chirping ] Put me down , you big ox : Well , now that we 're alone , Captain : : : Why don 't we make ourselves comfortable ? [ Liquid Pouring ] A toast : To friendships old and new : All right , Princess , what have you got up your sleeve this time ? Why nothing : : : But myself , Captain : Terrific : Look , Princess , as soon as I 'm missed , the Defense Directorate is gonna send a rescue squad after me : Granted : When they discover you 're missing : : : And when they figure out where you are : By then you 'll have had ample time to fulfill your mission here : My mission ? Princess , we have been through this twice before : - We have irreconcilable differences , remember ? - No , I don 't : Let 's make the most of your time here , shall we ? Kane , is Lab 23 ready ? Yes , Princess : Excellent : We 'll be there immediately : Come with me , Buck : I have someone I want to introduce you to : : : An old friend : I can 't imagine a nice guy like me knowing anybody in a place like this : On the contrary , Buck : I think you 'll find you both have a lot in common : Kane : [ Chirping ] Holy cow ! That 's you , Buck : Captain Buck Rogers , meet Captain Buck Rogers : Something you threw together in crafts class , Princess ? [ Kane ] Alloy skeleton , vat-grown protoplasm : The Empire 's most sophisticated minicomputer for a brain ... - Zygot Mark 1 , which will ... - That 's enough , Kane : [ Flips Switch ] - Fascinating likeness , except I 'm alive : - So shall he be : Once he 's programmed to your neural responses , Kane assures me we 'll have a Captain Buck Rogers superior to the original model : [ Chirping ] Once a dummy , always a dummy : Shall we ready him for the neural duplicator , Princess ? Run for it , Buck ! [ Man On P : A : ] Alert : ! Alert : ! Intruder in Sector B : ! Alert : ! [ Grunting ] [ Kane ] You would be advised , Captain , to remember : : : You are only needed undamaged until the neural duplication is complete : And you would be well-advised , Kane , to keep your guards under control : Captain Rogers is not to be harmed : Yes , Princess : [ Dr : Huer ] Starfighter 1314 , this is New Chicago Command : Come in , Buck : There 's something wrong : I 'm gonna check out a starfighter : Yes : Very well : But be careful : [ Whirring ] You look reasonably comfortable : Well , it 's not exactly a sport coat and slacks , but it 'll do : It 's a neural capacitance suit : Do tell : Why am I wearing it ? - Because , Captain , you have something we want : - I 'm not feeling very generous : Wherever you 've been and whatever you 've done : : : Is recorded in the neural cells of your magnificent body : This suit will duplicate those neural memories for us : I pass : Negative : No thanks : Not today , Princess : Don 't be nervous , Buck : It 's totally painless : I 'm not nervous : I just don 't like the idea of your machine tiptoeing through my neural memories : Enough talk : Let 's begin the search : Pleasant dreams , Captain : Ardala , I said no ! - Kane , if you touch that machine , I 'll ... - You 'll what , Captain ? Anaesthetize him : There , his military experience : Lock on that : Record the patterns : We found the ship : Both Buck and Twiki are gone : And there 's no sign of the capsule : Then they must have boarded it : Begin a grid pattern search immediately , Colonel : Acknowledged : Deering out : Any data from that robot probe , Doctor ? The probe routinely recorded a ship 's arrival at those coordinates , obviously Buck 's shuttle : Twenty minutes later , the probe logged a departure from that area : The capsule : But its power should have been exhausted a century ago : - Display : - [ Beeping ] This is an electromagnetic pattern ... the fingerprint of the capsule 's drive : - Any known pattern ? - [ Beeping ] This readout is characteristic of the Draconian Imperial drive units : - [ Beeping ] - They match : That wasn 't a space relic after all : It was an Imperial trap : What have they done with Buck ? What 's going on ? That 's not very neighborly : As a matter of fact , that 's not even friendly : Look at those reaction times : They 're twice that of Draconian norms : It 's absolutely incredible : - Not as incredible as my Zygot will be : - I seriously doubt that : If you doubt me , why are you aiding me ? Because it amuses me , Kane : We have enough data : Terminate the illusion : [ Typing ] [ Ardala On P : A : ] Bravo , Captain : All right : You fooled me , Ardala : But fighting holographic images isn 't like the real thing : On the contrary , Captain Rogers : We created holographic situations which are twice as critical as the real thing : We recorded your every marvelous response : My Zygots will be most appreciative : Guards , take Captain Rogers back to his cell : He must be very tired : [ Chirping ] Why are they doing this ? They 're programming that Zygot to be me : Then they 're gonna send it back to Earth : What for , Buck ? What are they trying to do ? I wish I knew : Your father should be very pleased with your addition to his suggestion that we destroy New Chicago : Yes : It will be much easier dealing with Earth : : : Once we do away with that stuffy Dr : Huer : : : And that detestable Colonel Deering : You are truly your father 's daughter : Everything is ready : Shall we go ? - Not yet : Bring Rogers to me : - What for ? You are not to question my orders , Kane ! Ever : ! Yes , Princess ! - You sent for me ? - I did , indeed : Make yourself comfortable : I need to make a decision , Buck : And I need your help : Another test ? Not exactly : Not everything has to be work : Some things are simply pleasure : I may be a Draconian princess , but I still have feelings : If I told you that I 'd adjusted to the idea that our relationship was one-sided , that your feelings for me would never be as intense as my feelings for you , would you simply be my consort ? Not your husband ? No : Not your slave ? No , Buck : Never : I 'm sorry : I can 't : But how can you reject me ? I 'm a Draconian princess : Buck ! Look at me ! Am I so horrible ? Am I not beautiful enough for you ? - You 're one of the most beautiful women I 've ever seen : - Then why can 't you love me ? I can 't change my feelings simply because you want me to : But how do you know , Buck ? You 've never tried : Love isn 't something that two people can try to make happen : They either have something very special or they don 't : And we don 't , Ardala : I 'm sorry : Captain Buck Rogers : You think you 're so special : One of a kind : Well , I have an answer for that : If I can 't have you one way , I 'll have you another : Hey , Princess ! How you doin ' ? Who 's this clown ? Oh , yeah : That 's right : You 're me : [ Chuckles ] What 's happening ? Listen , I 'm really looking forward to meeting this Wilma Deering , man : She is one sharp chick : She 's something else , right ? - Well , there goes my reputation : - Hey , you can 't talk that way about me : Hey , you 're good : But I 'm good too : Remember , I have your mouse-like reflexes : - Mouse-like ? - Correction : Catlike : Well , you got a real winner there , Princess : When are you gonna teach him to walk and chew gum at the same time ? Out ! Out ! Your wish is my command : Gentlemen , please be careful : After all , I am the master mold : Hey , take it easy , Princess : Remember , brick walls do not a castle keep : Oh , shut up ! I believe I have located Twiki on board the Draconian ship , Doctor : - [ Beeping ] - [ Theo ] Yes : Those are his E : M : Transmissions : Fortunately , they 're close enough to Earth to get a tight beam through : [ Dr : Huer ] Twiki ? [ Chirping ] Can we use you as a relay to Buck ? [ Chirping ] Take me : I 'm yours : Buck ? Buck , wake up ! Hmm ? What ? [ Dr : Huer ] Buck , wake up : [ Sighs ] Oh : [ Dr : Huer ] Buck : Wake up , Buck : I must have been dreaming : I thought I heard Dr : Huer : - [ Dr : Huer ] You did : - Twiki : [ Groans ] Will you stop playing games ? This isn 't a game , Buck : This is Dr : Huer : - It is you , Doc : - Are you all right ? Can you report ? Excellent : They 've finally gotten through : But don 't let Captain Rogers reveal our plan : I don 't have all the pieces yet : But as near as I can figure , they found a way to ... [ Static ] We 're getting distortion from solar flares : We 're losing your signal : Can you get out of your cell ? Well , I can try : What then ? Wilma 's waiting half a parsec from the mother ship : Well , I 'll be right there : I hope : Good luck : Twiki , returning control to you : Thank you : [ Chirping ] I feel funny : Yeah , well , never mind that : If you can get that door open , we 'll both be going home : [ Chirping ] Sure : Are the men in position ? Yes , Princess : The magic touch : Let 's go , Twiki : Let 's go , Buck : Come on : [ Man On P : A : ] Alert : ! Alert : ! Intruder in Sector B : ! Come on , Twiki : Let 's go : All security guards , report to your stations : Code 3 : Repeat : All security guards report to your stations : Code 3 : [ Chirping ] Where are you , Buck ? Buck ? Hey , wait for me : Go wait in the storage room while I preflight the ship : [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : I think I 'm in trouble : [ Groaning ] [ Chirping ] Buck , what happened ? This is Captain Buck Rogers calling Earth Defense Directorate : Come in : [ Wilma ] Is that you , Buck ? That 's a big roger : I 'm on my way home : Thank heavens ! You 're both safe ? Oh , that 's a negative , Wilma : Twiki didn 't make it : Oh , I 'm sorry , Buck : I 'll meet you at the stargate : [ Thunderclap ] - Come on , Buck : Let 's go home : - That 's a big 10-4 : Why the long face , Captain ? Buck Rogers is on his way home : Boy , are you guys a sight for stiff eyes ! [ Chuckles ] I 'm sorry about Twiki , Buck : But we 'll program another ambu-quad just like him : Oh , Dr : Huer , Twiki wasn 't just another ambu-quad : He was Buck 's best friend : And it just wouldn 't be the same , would it , Buck ? Well , who knows ? I guess not : [ Chuckles ] I understand : You know , I 'd forgotten how beautiful you are : Oh ! Well , I 'm glad to see you too , Buck : L : : : Think : As you see , Captain , you can be replaced : Do you feel better now ? That Zygot was just the first : There will be three more , and they are all programmed to destroy New Phoenix : Using your neural patterns and our Hatchet fighters , they 'll slip through Earth 's defense forces like they 're not even there : We 'll bring you up to watch the attack , Buck : After all , you are the star : : : All three of you : And if you 're wondering about the prototype , he 's armed with a one-kiloton nuclear device : : : Which is programmed to detonate when he 's with New Chicago 's three top leaders : [ Clears Throat ] Buck ? Are you all right ? Sure : Hi , Wilma : - Thinking ofTwiki ? - Twiki ? Oh , yeah : I 'm really at the dumps about him : Buck ? You haven 't been taking care of your plants : Plants ? That 's right : I like plants , don 't I ? Buck , what 's wrong ? I saw something on board the Draconian ship : Something important : It could help us against Ardala and Kane : Well , what was it ? I 'm not sure : They had me so doped up : Maybe if we got together with Dr : Huer and Dr : Theopolis , they could pull it out : Well , of course : As soon as Dr : Huer comes back from inspecting the outer defenses , uh , we 'll meet : Great ! It will be very explosive stuff : Yeah : [ Buzzing ] [ Men Grunting ] [ Chirping ] Ready ? Ready as I 'll ever be : [ Grunting ] You guys fighting or dancing ? You 're insulting a Draconian soldier , Earth trash : Oh , is that what you call yourselves ? Well , I 'd show you how to use those toys , but , uh , you probably bruise easily : - Besides , I like a good fight : - Earth trash : Come feel the sting of a Draconian soldier 's stun stick : [ Chirping ] Ooh ! That smarts : [ Chirping ] Nice work , Champ : They never laid a glove on you : Well , some days the magic works : [ Chirping ] And some days it doesn 't : [ Whirring ] [ Whirring Stops ] Do you still think your Buck Rogers will be better than the real man ? These are Imperial combat weapons , not my Buck Rogers : And , yes , they will be able to do anything he can , only twice as well : Really ? [ Chirping ] Ooh ! That tickles , Buck ! Uh-huh ! I knew it : They had you bugged : That 's how they knew we were gonna try an escape : [ Chirping ] No wonder I felt so funny : Yeah : [ Sighs ] Now we can try and figure a way to sabotage Kane 's duplicating machine : : : Without them listening in on it : Do you have a plan ? Yes , an idea : I 'm the master mold , right ? A flawed master mold means ruined production models : I just can 't figure out a way to flaw me : [ Chirping ] If you were a computer , I could short-circuit you : That 's it ! What 's it ? If you could send a low voltage current through my body , it would jangle my neural responses for about 20 minutes or so : [ Chirping ] And curl your hair too , Buck : Well , more importantly , it could give Kane and Ardala some very shocking results : [ Chirping ] All right , ready , Buck ? [ Electric Hum ] I 'm receiving strange synaptic responses : If I didn 't know any better , I 'd say he 'd been drinking Antaraen brandy ! Nonsense , Kane : Continue programming the captain 's clones : Perhaps I 've been too harsh with you , Kane : Yes , much too harsh : Well , I 'm glad somebody else noticed : I was beginning to think I was crazy : Oh , no : Not at all : He 's just not the same Buck Rogers : It 's almost as if his spirit is missing : - Yes : - It 's so strange : A possibility ... psychosurgery while a prisoner : That 's conceivable : Which would mean ... [ Door Opens ] - Hi , gang ! What 's goin ' up ? - Hi , Buck : Correction : Should read , what 's coming down ? Wilma , Dr : Huer , Dr : Theopolis : - We 're finally all together : - [ Man On P : A : ] Red alert : ! Red alert : ! Evacuate Level 3 : ! [ Alarm Ringing ] What is it , Doctor ? Security sensors have detected a Draconian bomb : Radiation profile indicates explosion is imminent : - Where is it ? - A red alert search is being conducted at this moment : [ Clicking ] - What are you doing here ? - The bomb is in this room : It 's somewhere right here : Excuse me , sir : Detonation minus five seconds : : : Four : : : Three : : : : - Two ... - Wilma , what ... Bomb destroyed : End red alert : [ Man On P : A : ] Red alert terminated : That wasn 't Buck : It was a robot : Yes : Doctor , I want you to put all Earth units on full wartime alert : We just don 't know when Princess Ardala will make her next move : [ Beeping ] Well , it looks like the end of the line for Rogers the Robot , eh , Ardala ? I gotta tell you , Kane : Your Zygot just doesn 't have what it takes : That was only the prototype : The production models are far superior : Computer tests prove that they are capable of defeating any Earth unit easily , despite your childish attempt to sabotage their programming : Captain Rogers appears worried : Perhaps , Kane , for once you 've got something : We are ready to strike : Shall I give the order ? Patience , Kane , dear : First , send the Zygots to my chambers : I wish to inspect them personally : You see , Buck , with three Buck Rogers , you become , shall we say , redundant ? [ Ardala ] At ease , Captains Rogers : Make yourselves at home : I 've waited a lifetime for this moment : Not quite yet : Be patient : [ Gulps Loudly ] Join me : - That sounds intense : - I intend it to be : Maybe later : I 'm into my own space right now : Typical bomber driver : Doesn 't know how to handle anything : : : Including a woman : - How would you handle a woman ? - [ Gulps ] Easy on the controls : Preflight her real slow while you 're waiting for clearance : There was this one honey at Clark when I was flying F-16s with the Widowmakers : Gently ! She was fine : But those F-16s , they were really sweet : I remember one mission ... [ Sighs ] What can she conceivably do with three Buck Rogers for an hour and a half ? Wild Weasel 's ship said there was a Sam-12 on my tail : So I hit right rudder , grayed out ... Hold it , flyboy : - What ? - What about the woman ? What woman ? I 'm talking about F-16s : I know : I know : For two hours : There 's more to life than flying , Princess : What did you have in mind ? Soft music : Slow dancing : [ Garbled Chatter ] What 's the matter , Princess ? Leave me alone : Leave me alone ! - Buck ? - What do you want , Ardala ? Nothing : Never mind : I am Princess Ardala : Kane : Yes , Princess ? Those Zygots ? They had better know something about fighting : I want you to launch the attack against Earth immediately : As you wish , Princess : [ Flips Switch ] Earth is defenseless against you : And now , my Zygots , your instructions : Two of you will engage the Earth starfighters and keep them at bay : A third will avoid all combat : : : And will obliterate New Phoenix with an antimatter bomb : For the Empire ! [ All ] For the Empire ! Okay , Twiki : You got it ? [ Chirping ] Sounds like a real long shot : Well , how was your party , Princess ? The Zygots were launched 10 minutes ago : Soon New Phoenix will be a memory : You notice how she never answered my question , Twiki ? [ Chirping ] Party must 've been a bust : Poor Ardala : Always a bridesmaid , never a bride : Bride : : : Bride : : : Bride ... What 's the matter with you ? Who , me ? Me : : : Me : : : Me ... Another Zygot ! I 've been deceived ! You know , Twiki , sometimes you almost have to feel sorry for princesses : [ Chirping ] Almost : Let 's truck , Buck : [ Chirping ] [ Beeps ] Come on : [ Beeping ] Here it is : It 's coming in now : Hatchet fighters : The first wave of Princess Ardala 's attack : Scramble all squadrons ! Penetration section Oboe 3 : You 'll lead the first squadron , Colonel : Intercept those fighters and destroy them : Yes , Doctor : He 's escaped in one of your hatchet fighters masquerading as a Zygot ! Impossible : But I saw that Zygot in the cell ! Readouts from the beings in those three ships : No human would register a positive electrostatic pulse reading : This way , Twiki : Come on : [ Chirping ] [ Beeping ] He 's a fool : He 'll never make it : The port 's closing , Buck : Hang on , Twiki : It 's gonna be a tight squeeze : Something must be wrong : Even my Zygots can 't control a ship at that rate of speed : There is no error : It 's impossible to capture him now : He 's on an intercept with our attack force : That 's just fine : Fine ? What do you mean fine ? What can one Buck Rogers possibly do against three ? We shall see , Kane : We shall see : Echo Element , deploy as high squadron : Victor Element , fingers four : Any Earth station : This is Buck Rogers : Emergency transmission : - Buck , is that you ? - Yeah , it 's me : Running about half a light second behind three more me 's : [ Chirping ] Here comes the cavalry , Wilma : Twiki ! It really is you , Buck ! [ Buck ] Yeah , I think so : Wilma , you 're about to run up against three of the fastest , nastiest ships you 've ever seen : : : Piloted by three duplicates of me : [ Wilma ] What are your tactics , Buck ? [ Buck ] Don 't close : Don 't let them get on your tail : They 'll try to bounce you from the rear quarter : I 'm on my way : They 're all over us ! We can 't hold ! - Alert ! One of them has broken through : - Objective ? New Phoenix : [ Zygot Buck ] Okay , Buck Rogers : Looks like I win this time : One more second , no more New Phoenix : [ Buck ] Oh , no , you don 't : Hang tough , Wilma : That 's two down : One more to go : It 's your turn to go , bro : Give me your best shot : All right : Catch : Boring , Buck : Boring : [ Chuckles ] - Your move : Which way are you gonna break ? - Just keep your eyes open , son : Which one ? Which one ? [ Chirping ] Way to go , Wilma : You should have known your plan was destined to fail : The plan was flawless , Princess : It was the execution that failed : Kane , it was doomed from the start : Believe me : There 's only one Buck Rogers : Now that is a Ping-Pong table : [ Chirping ] I liked the ping-pool better : Interesting : Yes : I must say it 's very interesting : You wanna play , Doc ? Oh , I think not : [ Chuckles ] Come on , Doc : I 'll show you the ropes : It 's easy : Ball : : : Paddle : You hit the ball over the net with the paddle : Here we go again : Uh , am I holding it correctly ? [ Buck ] That 's just fine : Now when I hit the ball to you , you hit it back , okay ? You ready ? Here we go : [ Buck ] That 's , uh , Hey ! - Not bad for a beginner : - Yeah : Rather : Quiet good , actually : Here we go again : [ Chuckles ] You know , uh , if I didn 't know better , I 'd think I was being hustled : Hustled ? [ Chuckles ] What 's hustled ? Ah , it 's just me , Doc : L-l-I 'm kinda beat : I feel like something the dog dragged in : [ Chirping ] Cat dragged in , Buck : [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : ! There 's something fishy going on here , folks : Dr : Huer , it sounds like ... A Zygot malfunction : It can 't be : It just can 't be : Gotcha !
