 There are some people who could harbor a grudge against you : Whose side are you on ? [ Narrator ] Buck 's experiences must be relived using mind probes : : : In an attempt to solve the mysterious riddle : : : That promises imminent doom to the Earth : Eat lead , sucker : The only ones who can stop us are our enemies ! [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Alarm Beeping ] Dr : Huer , what 's going on ? The entire complex is under alert : Yes , I know : [ Beeping Continues ] Ten minutes ago , our orbital defense system : : : Registered the presence of hundreds of alien objects in Earth 's orbit : Our scanners say that they 're out there : But our fighter squadrons have made no visual contact : Could something be jamming their sensors ? Perhaps : I don 't know : But it 's highly unlikely : [ Mysterious Humming ] Doctor , my sensors detect : : : A tightly focused energy beam penetrating our ... Oh , dear : [ Humming ] [ Humming Continues ] [ Chirping ] Doesn 't anybody bother to knock anymore ? Dr : Theopolis , what is it ? Unknown , Doctor : My sensors are unable to penetrate its exterior : However , in light of its unusual materialization , I would suggest securing the entire Directorate Complex immediately : [ Chirping ] Good idea : I 'll secure the basement : - No , Twiki : - Aw , rats : It 's impossible ! This object does not register on my sensor : This may sound crazy , but have you considered touching that thing ? - Touching it ? - [ Buck ] Yeah , it may not be a weapon at all : Maybe it 's some kind of communication device , touch-activated : - That could be awfully risky , Buck : - Would you rather leave it here , turn it into a plant stand ? After all , Doc , your sensors aren 't doing any good : What have you got to lose ? [ Theo ] Nothing , really : Whoever sent it here has obviously developed : : : A highly sophisticated method of matter transmission : Anyone capable of that , could have killed us all long ago : I think Buck 's suggestion is a good one : Well , here goes : Wait , Buck : Be careful , please : Yeah , well , what do I know ? [ Chirping ] Killed by a yo-yo : What a way to go : You 're right , Buck : It is a communicating device : Look what it 's communicating : " The man out of old Earth 's past " ... " Has the key to the next and the last : " " But you won 't solve this riddle " ... " Till the end is the middle " ... [ Buck ] " And Terran sands disappear with a blast : ' " [ Dr : Huer ] That last line sounds ominous : [ Wilma ] Whoever sent this could teleport an entire starfleet into the Earth 's orbit : : : And decimate us before we had a chance to scramble a single fighter squadron : Why haven 't they done it already ? Hmm : [ Buck ] Why are they playing games , writing limericks ? " Limericks " ? Yeah , limericks : An old and honorable form ofliterature , Wilma : Hmm : It goes back even before my time : Obviously , the puzzle was specifically geared to you , Buck : " The man out of old Earth 's past ' : : Is a clear reference to you : [ Buck ] Yeah , I know : It says I hold the key to the first and the last : Which means : : : To the life and the death of the Earth : [ Dr : Huer ] While we 're using the psych-probes , we 'll be able to refer to this mysterious ... is it limerick ? Mm-hmm : I 'm sure that you know , as well as I do , that there are some people who could harbor a grudge against you : This scan will help us select the most likely candidates : So just lie back and relax : Let your mind drift : That 's it : Well , that 's enough drifting for now : Perhaps you could concentrate on one or two of the words in the riddle : : : That might trigger some memories : [ Buck ] Well , let 's see : There 's the thing about the key : We used a lot of keys : : : When we rescued that girl Falina from Sinaloa : Where have you been ? Never mind that : Carl Morphus just arrived : Oh , terrific : That 's about as good as the news I 've got : Couldn 't you get anything out of that man that was following you ? Yeah , I know exactly where they 're keeping Falina : Well , that 's good news : I also found out it 's virtually impossible to get there : : : Without one of four existing keys : Oh , no : I was gonna try to lift one off Sanitation Module 07 , but it doesn 't make its rounds till after midnight : And if Morphus is here now , we might as well start packing : - Buck , who else has a key ? - A couple of Velosi 's goons : And Velosi ? Naturally : Marla ? You 'll have to wait just a minute : I don 't like to wait : And with this , I rarely have to : I thought you 'd feel that way : I 'm sorry to spoil your plans this evening , Mr : Velosi : Yes , I am disappointed : Until now : Kill her ! - Please , don 't move : - Come on ! Now , stand over there with your boss : Move ! Come on , move : I 'll just take that key you 're so proud of , Mr : Velosi : You both will die before you leave the city : You think so , huh ? Okay , get over there : Come on , move ! If I were you , I 'd worry more about how you were going to get out of here : All right , let 's go : Get down to the ship and prepare for takeoff : I 'll get Falina : You got the detonator ? I 'm all set : I 'll see you at the ship : Why , Buck Rogers : What are you and that lady up to ? Later , Tangie : Looks to me like it 's something very dishonest : I don 't have time : If you don 't help me buy my way out of this city , Security 's gonna get a call from me : Next time I 'm in town : You won 't get away with it ! I want you to close your eyes : Very soon you shall find yourself afloat in a sea of color and sounds : And then blackness , and then everything ... everything shall come to an end : [ Alarm Blaring ] [ Alarm Continues ] Name is Buck Rogers : He just hit the alarm : Let 's get outta here : [ Alarm Continues ] [ Continues Blaring ] Morgan Velosi is a formidable opponent in his home territory , but he hardly commands the resources necessary : : : To mount a massive attack on the Earth : All right , let 's look at the limerick again : That last line ... " And Terran sands disappear in a blast : ' " All that sand , desert ... Sounds like Zeta Minor : And come to think of it , Zeta Minor started with a blast too : I hope you 're wearing your climbing shoes because I think that elevator 's out of order : Come on ! [ Android Guard ] Escape is not possible : Prisoners will report to the dayroom : Escape is not possible : Prisoners will report to the dayroom : Escape is not possible : Jen , you 've been in there for 10 months : He 's never gonna spring you out : He 's gonna leave you and the secrets of those murders buried in there forever : I don 't care about you , so stop pretending you care about me : : : And who I am and why I am and just leave me alone : Sand squid ! You got him : Come on : [ Squeaking ] Buck ! Oh , hi : Can we talk about this ? [ Buck Groaning ] - [ Jen Gasps ] - Okay , big guy , come on : [ Gasps ] Sometimes a frontal assault works best : All right , move : Get over there : You all right ? I 'm fine : Rescuing you is getting to be a full-time occupation : All right , all of you , we 're marching out of here single file : Not quite , Colonel : Drop your weapons now ! Of course , frontal assaults do have their drawbacks : [ Android Roaring ] [ Screams ] [ Buck ] Why is he after me , Wilma ? What is it ? - It 's your bracelet : - Oh , it is , huh ? No ! Be my guest : According to my locator banks , the android Hugo is still at large somewhere on Zeta Minor : I suggest we proceed , Buck : We really must continue , Dr : Huer : Hmm : Well , so much for him : [ Beeping ] What 's that ? The sensors in my office : They were keyed to that strange object : - [ Wilma ] It 's gone : ! - [ Twiki Chirping ] Well , so much for the yo-yo : I 'll be going now : Sorry , Twiki : I think everything 's far from over : In fact , I think it 's just beginning : [ Beeping ] It seems the object has served its function : I wonder what else we can expect ? Let 's get on with this : I got a feeling we don 't have much time : How about Roderick Zale , the guy who kidnapped Hieronymus Fox of Genesia ? Zale is certainly resourceful enough : : : And , quite possibly , ruthless enough : Greetings , Mr : President : My name is ... Your name is Roderick Zale : Your specialty is political abduction , and your modus operandi sticks out like a sore thumb : Half the galaxy probably knows you 're the one who snatched me : You 're as perceptive as I was told : - How much you askin ' for me ? - A reasonable price ... 6,000 kilograms of pure quadrillium : [ Chuckles ] Ain 't no way the Genesians are gonna cough up that much loot , pal : I don 't even think we got that much quadrillium on the whole planet : Then they 'd better find it somewhere : Or within a week , their technological miracle worker will die : Aw , come on , Zale : I 'm worth more to you alive than dead any day of the week : Even if the Genesians don 't pay up , you can make a fortune selling my brains to the highest bidder : So don 't give me any of that Dr : Doom jive : You 'd better take pretty good care of me : : : If you know what 's good for you , starting right now : We 're not gonna tell him where the kid is , and that 's that : But , Buck , they 'll kill us : [ Zale ] The woman 's right , Rogers : If you do know where the president is hiding , you 'd better tell us : Otherwise , you 'll both die very shortly : And if we do tell you , we 'll probably still die , won 't we ? There are many ways to die , long and short : Uh-oh : Uh ... Uh , hi there : I bet you 're wondering what I 'm doing in your parcel bin : Actually , I 'm not a real person at all : I 'm a doll : That 's it : Uh , a preprogrammed , cybernetic doll : My name is Ken : Uh , Mr : President , are you all right ? Before I answer that , whose side are you on ? Yours : Colonel Deering from the Earth Defense Directorate : How did you get away from Zale ? Uh , nothing to it : I did a quick impersonation of a sack of groceries : Well , I guess I 'm a little late : Nope , you 're just in time : Now , my bodyguard , Dia Cyrton , is here on Aldebaran : She and somebody named Buck Rogers are on their way to Zale 's place right now : - Buck ? - Yeah , and if we don 't get back there and help ' em , they 're both gonna get wasted : You know what " wasted " means ? Sorry : Can 't let you do that : I 'm terribly sorry about this , Captain , but I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to kill you : Koren to Zale : Come in , Zale : Mr : Zale ! - Mr : Zale : - Maybe he slipped back under his rock : Shut up or I 'll kill you right here and now : I think she might have something to say about that : That one is almost as old as you are : Old but true , Mr : Koren : Mighty nice shootin ' , Colonel : Thank you , Mr : President : True , Roderick Zale is a cunning and dangerous criminal , but his personality index would seem to indicate a cold-blooded pragmatist : : : Not inclined to seek revenge on such a grandiose scale : [ Chirping ] You wanna run that by me again ? - I said , " Roderick Zale ... " - Forget it : " Till the end is the middle : " Now , what is that supposed to mean ? This is like trying to work your way through a maze : It 's almost byzantine : Hmm , byzantine , byzantine : Zantia ! That started off with kind of a puzzle ... a Mayday from two women on board a space yacht : [ Sighs ] Let 's take a crack at that : This is Earth starfighter 1314 : I 'm approaching at 50 degrees : This is the space yacht Aurora : We have you on scanner : Uh , do you have video transmission capability ? [ Buck ] Sure do : How 's that ? Oh , fine : Couldn 't be much better : You 're to follow the yellow landing tracer to Docking Area 2 : The slightest variation from that course will result in your destruction : Zantia Landing Control out : Thanks : Welcome to Zantia : [ Chattering ] [ Auctioneer ] Ladies , please get ready : We 'll start the bidding at 400 : This prime Terran male is an excellent investment : Sixteen hundred from the unseen lady on monitor four ! Do I see more ? Twenty-two hundred : Three thousand : ! Three thousand on the monitor from bidder number four : Do I hear more ? The bid is now 4,000 : Do I hear five ? Ten thousand : ! Twelve thousand ! Going once , going twice ... Twenty thousand ! Do I hear more ? Going once at 20,000 : Going twice at 20,000 : Sold to bidder number four for 20,000 credits : ! - [ Woman Screaming ] - Come on , let 's go ! They 're not gonna stay unconscious for long : Let 's get outta here : Move ! Hang on : Buck Rogers to Escort Leader , do you read ? Leader to ES-1314 , I 've gotcha on the scanner : - Who 's that ? Major Norris ? - Affirmative : What are you doing up here , Captain Rogers ? This is Colonel Deering : Don 't listen to him , Major : - Wilma ? - I know what you intend to do , Buck and I can 't let you do it : [ Buck ] Wilma , don 't try to stop me : What you 're doing will force the Earth and Ruatha to go to war : You 're jeopardizing thousands and thousands of lives : - [ Norris ] Colonel Deering ... - There 's too much at stake , Major : Open fire : Full pulsars : Wilma , listen to me : I know what I 'm doing : - [ Wilma ] You 're sending us into war ! - [ Buck ] You know me , trust me : He 's hit : I think Zantia is a dead end , Buck : [ Theo ] I tend to agree , Colonel : [ Beeping ] Our sensors have picked up another energy beam heading straight for ... - [ Object Humming ] - Good heavens : [ Humming Continues ] [ Continues Humming ] - Here we go again : - What is it ? It looks like an hourglass : It 's a device for measuring time : From the looks of this one , we only have a couple of hours until it runs out : Do you think somebody 's trying to tell us something ? There 's not a lot of time left : Wilma , think about Corliss and Roxanne : Mm-hmm : The last time they were going to use ancient nerve gas : : : To poison our atmosphere and to destroy it : And we needed Noah Cooper 's help in penetrating Necrosis asteroids : Stay close behind me and do exactly what I do : Watch for falling rocks : [ Sighs ] Enemy craft approaching : They 're moving through the asteroids : Okay , start breathing again , everyone : - [ Beeping ] - Stop breathing : We got company : Tight " T " formation : Look alive , tail gunners : - You take over : - Got it : Nice shot , Big Red : It looks like they 're sending up reinforcements : We 'll retreat temporarily to the asteroids : [ Man ] You will surrender at once or be destroyed : Proceed to vector 9-4KV , Coordinate C : We will tractor beam you into the hangar : [ Big Red ] You hear that , Noah ? - They 've been captured : - I heard : - What do we do , Noah ? - What can we do ? We 've lost them : We 've lost ' em : Have you ever been in a fire , Rogers ? Or should I say , have you ever been on fire ? No , I can 't say that I have : - Do you know what pain is , Rogers ? - There are all kinds of pain : No : I 'm talking about a pain that 's so intense , the only way you can stop it is to have its source removed : How you 're going to wish we had surrendered , Colonel Deering : All right , everybody , just keep it quiet : Steady : - [ Beeping ] - Bomb away : Wilma , get the door ! You , get over there ! - You missed : - We saw , Big Red : Come on back up : Now it 's our turn : Hold it steady : We 're almost there : Second enemy bomber approaching ! We 're trapped in here : Ready ? Right : Hang on : Bomb away : This one 's gonna hit ! [ Buck ] Theo , where are Roxanne and Corliss now ? According to our locator banks , they are both in the detention-rehabilitation complex on Lycaste Alba : So much for that theory : Wait a minute : What about our man with the magic hands ? The slave master ? Hmm ? Kaleel : Mm-hmm : Let me see : That was on , um , Vistula : : : When we went to investigate the poisoning : : : Of the Earth 's food supplies : [ Kaleel ] So : : : We will descend upon the Earth like meteors ! Like a fire ! The only ones who can stop us : : : Are those enemies among us , those who are weak and faithless ! Those who do not believe ... these are our enemies ! Get down ! Don 't either one of you raise even a hair : Get down : Good heavens : What was that ? Be careful : [ Gasps ] [ Wilma ] Sorry , Buck : - Are you okay ? - Yeah : - No thanks to our host : - The almighty Kaleel , I presume : - And you are ? - Captain Buck Rogers : Let 's just get rid of him : Rest assured : : : He and Colonel Deering will meet the same fate as Ryma : But first things first : Now that Earth knows of my plan , what do your people intend to do ? Prepare for your attack , naturally : And with our remaining forces , we 'll give you a reception you 'll not soon forget : You are lying ! All right now , keep your eyes on that turkey in the back : He 's the one we want : We 're gonna go right up the middle : You guys open a hole , I 'll nail him : Okay , guards , take out these tackles : Stop them , you fools ! Hey , nice double-teaming over there , whoever you are : - Gordon 's the name : Thanks : - Have we met , Gordon ? I don 't think so , Captain : We 're from different times : [ Chirping ] Eat lead , sucker : Lead ? What lead ? Twiki , what are you talking about ? - Nice shooting , Captain Rogers : - Thanks , Major , Twiki : Gordon , where did you learn to shoot like that ? I 've been doing that sort of thing since before you were born , Captain : - You think so , huh ? - Young man , I know so : Come on , gang : We 've got some cleaning up to do downstairs : According to our locators , Kaleel escaped from the revolutionaries who captured him : : : And now wanders the Vistulan desert : : : Trying to enlist its inhabitants as followers : A harmless lunatic : Hmm : Hop out of there a second : I 've got an idea : It 's all yours : [ Sighs ] Remember the Legion of Death ? In order to infiltrate them , I had to take on the identity of an assassin ... Rafael Argus : Rafael Argus ? Three months ago you killed a man named Gleeson : Let me guess : Uh , he was your , uh ... - Brother : - I knew it 'd be something like that : To destroy a city that large , you 'd need an earthquake or a tidal wave : Or an antimatter explosion : - You 're joking , of course : - Far from it : New Chicago receives its power from a contra-terrene generating plant : : : Located in the wasteland outside the city : And if someone were to sabotage that reactor , allowing the matter and antimatter : : : To mix uncontrollably ... And everything for 200 square kilometers : : : Would be atomized instantly : [ Laughs ] Very good , Kellogg : [ Chuckling ] Come on : Varek , go in there and dispose of him : They 'll think that was you : Why 'd you do that ? This is why : This is who I am : [ Groans ] The thing about Kellogg is , he wouldn 't waste time with these riddles : He 'd want me to know up front that it was him : : : And how he was going to kill me and how much it would hurt : So we 're back where we started : Yeah , except : : : The hourglass is almost empty : All right , it 's your turn now , Twiki : Let 's see if your memory bank can help us any : Now , hold still : [ Chirping ] You 're tickling me : I 'm not tickling you : Hold still : You are : Twiki , you 're supposed to be remembering what happened on the Lyran Queen : All right : [ Over P : A : ] This is your captain speaking : Now that all our passengers are aboard , we 're accelerating to light speed : : : For a slow , leisurely cruise to Stargate 1 : After leaving the star gate , we 'll enter the Vega system : : : Where we 'll make our first stop on Sutter 's World , Yes : How do you do ? A planet renowned for its fair climate , colorful indigents and remarkable hospitality : [ Chirping ] Wilma 's looking real foxy : [ Chirping ] Something from the bar , sir ? [ Chirping ] Hold the phone : [ Chirping ] [ Chirping ] You 'll have to excuse me for staring : I 've never met a 500-year-old man before : Oh , that 's all right : I 've never met a genetically perfect woman before either : Mmm : Think of the permutations : [ Chuckling ] [ Continues Chuckling ] [ Sighs ] Stupid , weak , sniveling little creature : How do you put up with her ? I like part of her : My part , you mean ? [ Theo ] What you are suggesting , Buck , is that Alison Michaels is a trans-mute ... a split personality with the genetic ability to transform itself : : : In times of stress , into one of two or more separate entities : All we have is a theory : We can 't act without evidence : - Then what we have to do is capture her as Sabrina : - Oh : [ Disco ] [ Laughing , Chattering ] [ Chirping ] What a good dancer you are , Twiki : Buck taught me all I know : They call this one the bump : [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : I 've never seen a dance like that before , Twiki : [ Continues ] [ Sighs ] Well , that 's all we can do for now : The laser will draw power from the ship very slowly : : : So that the monitors will not detect : When it peaks , the laser will be in full effect , and its blade will start dissecting her quite automatically : [ Chirping ] Hi , guys : What 's the matter , Twiki ? It 's only 0300 hours : I 'm bushed : [ Theo ] Nowjust a minute , Twiki : If you think you 're going to retire for the evening : : : Without hearing from me , you 're quite incorrect : Your behavior , ever since you set foot on this ship , has been abominable : Twiki ? Twiki ? Twiki ? Twiki : ! Well , we 've only got one candidate left : But all this hardly seems to be her style : What do you mean not her style ? She 's ruthless , arrogant and power hungry : Yeah , but aside from all that , what 's wrong with her ? [ Wilma ] Anything about it look familiar , Buck ? Negative : I 've never seen anything like it : Did you hear that , Dr : Huer ? [ Dr : Huer ] Wherever it came from , it is now sustaining a position directly over New Chicago : We can only assume it 's some kind of weapon , so destroy it , now : ! Yes , sir : Our pulsars have no effect ! Activate Omega defense program immediately ! [ Wilma ] It 's glowing : ! Dr : Huer , it 's releasing a beam of energy ! [ Disco ] [ Continues ] Very shortly , I will succeed my father to the throne of Draconia : And according to our laws , within a year of doing so , I must wed the most physically and genetically sound human male available : : : Or lose my throne to a successor : Well , I have found just such a man : : : Right here on Earth : And unless you turn him over to me for the wedding ceremony , our pyramid weapon will destroy the Earth : : : City by city by city : That man , of course , is Captain Buck Rogers : [ Sighs ] Tribal courtship rituals can be fascinating : Tell me , just out of curiosity , what happens in phases two and three ? In the second phase , you prove your worthiness for me : : : By competing in the arena with Tigerman : Hmm : Of course , if you win tomorrow , the third phase will take place at noon : The great event itself ... the wedding ceremony : [ Grunting ] [ Groans ] [ Shouts ] [ Growling ] [ Continues Growling ] [ Groans ] [ Panting ] You will bejoined with Princess Ardala forever : He 's destroying the weapon : Do something ! - All right , Doc , I 'm getting a power feedback now : - Buck , get out of there : Of course , I hate to admit this , but even Princess Ardala : : : Wouldn 't slaughter innocent people without a reason : If this were all her doing , I think we ... [ Beeping ] - [ Beeping Continues ] - Good Lord ! - Is something else gonna materialize ? - Yes : Whoever 's responsible uses a directional beam : : : To lock in coordinates for materialization : This precedes the teleport beam by several minutes : Now , according to our sensors , the next object is due to materialize : : : In your apartment , Buck : [ Chirping ] It 's the killer yo-yo : [ Buck ] No , I don 't think so , Twiki : What in the galaxy ... Hamburgers , french fries , milk shakes and champagne : No , it can 't be : [ Party Horns Blowing , Laughing , Chattering ] - Dr : Huer , what day is today ? - Uh , it 's Deckel 31 , isn 't it ? - Yeah : - Deckel : December : December 31 : It 's New Year 's Eve ! And there 's only one other person in the galaxy who 'd know what that means : Right on , Buck : I knew you 'd figure it out : - Hieronymus : - Happy New Year , guys : Hey , what do you think of my new matter transmitter ? I wanted to give it a test over long distances , so I thought I 'd send you a little New Year 's present : - And a riddle : - It beats crossword puzzles : - Cross what ? - Forget it , Doc : It 'd take hours to explain : Hieronymus , your matter transmitter 's a great idea , but it 's still got a few bugs : Oh , yeah : It creates one heck of a magnetic field , doesn 't it ? Hope it didn 't bollix up any of your alarm systems : Oh , no : The whole planet 's on general alert , that 's all : Oops : Back to the drawing board : That entire riddle was just about New Year 's Eve , wasn 't it ? Right : The first line was about you ... " The man out of old Earth 's past : " " Has the key to the next and the last " ? Sure : Buck would know about an hourglass , which was going to be the next thing that I sent you , after the last thing , which was the riddle ... a real , live 20th-century limerick : [ Chirping ] Tricky little devil , ain 't ya ? - [ Chuckles ] - " But you won 't solve this riddle till the end is the middle : ' " Ah , of course : The end of the old year , the middle of the night : - Midnight : - And the Terran sands disappearing ... Is the hourglass you sent us : When the sands disappear , they disappear with a ... A blast : Meaning a party : And what 's a party without milk shakes and bubbly : : : And fries and Rigellian lizard burgers ? " Lizard burgers : " - [ Chuckles ] - Hit it , maestro ! [ Disco ] [ " Auld Lang Syne ' " ] I wish I knew how he did that : I gotta run , gang : These transgalatic phone calls add up : Have yourselves a happy one : : : And wait till you see my riddle next year ! - Bye : - Next year ? There 's plenty of time to worry about that later : For now , though , how about some good , old-fashioned Genesian bubbly ? Was 2490 a good year ? How could it be ? You weren 't even around : [ Laughing ] [ Pops ]
