 I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D Douglas Adams thought up the title as a travelling student , whilst looking up at the stars , lying drunk in a field in Innsbruck , Austria . It would be another six years before he found a use for it-whilst writing the original radio scripts . John Lloyd helped Douglas with the original radio script for episode six . This following " Survival , Inquiry , Sophistication " sequence was cut from all transmitted versions , but " was " included in the 1992 video release . Douglas Adams loved The Good Food Guide , and would take the cast to top restaurants whilst away on location . This re-cap sequence from the transmitted version was cut from the video release . This model shot was only ever used in this re-cap sequence . The Black Ship did in fact belong to the Hagunenons in the earliest versions of " The Hitchhiker 's Guide " . Douglas Adams re-wrote the story to remove the majority of the material co-written with John Lloyd for the radio series . The script directed Marvin to answer fractionally later than the others , and then turn away ... Marvin 's head was for some years separated from the rest of the costume , but it now resides in harmony at the BBC Visual Effects Department . It is not available for parties . Simon Jones has kept the dressing gown . BBC costume auctions have allowed fans to buy the complete Vogon Guard , Zaphod 's jacket and boots , and Trillian 's red outfit . Sandra Dickinson ( Trillian ) studied in Boston and then London , where she landed an Alan Parker burger advert and a St. Bruno tobacco commercial . She played Marilyn in " Legend " and the aunt in sitcom " 2.4 Children " . She was married to an English biologist and then Peter Davison , with whom she had daughter Georgia . Her trademark voice didn 't prevent her from playing an English accent in " Cover " ( ITV ) . Sandra Dickinson is in the movies : " Superman III " , " Supergirl " , " Space Truckers " and " Balto " . Mark Wing-Davey plays guitar and violin , he acts , teaches drama and directs . The Cambridge Footlights and Jonathan Miller took him to the US . He was later in " The Glittering Prizes " . Other TV work : " Ready When You Are , Mr. McGill " by Jack Rosenthal , " An Englishman Abroad " and several BBC Shakespeare plays . Mark was the accountant who had to tell Edina she was poor in " Absolutely Fabulous " . Mark Wing-Davey has daughters with actress Anita Carey . Since winning an Obie in 1991 for directing " Mad Forest " , he now mainly directs theatre . Sandra was in " A Streetcar Named Desire " with Jessica Lange in London , and voiced " Teletubbies " in the USA . It 's Rayner Bourton again , who played the Newscaster in episode 2 . The shoot for this sequence was at the BBC 's Ealing Film Studios , once the home of the classic Ealing Films of the 40s / 50s . The cutaways to the speaker stacks and the sun were missing from the 1992 VHS release , and have been reinstated here , as per the transmitted version . Douglas Adams was a committed environmentalist ever since a trip to Madagascar in 1985 to spot an endangered species of lemur . The hilarious factual account " Last Chance To See " , co-written with Mark Carwardine , was , he believed , his most important book of all . Mark Wing-Davey 's left hand was clasped with the " fake " right one ; his " real " right hand was tucked in the jacket . The other head was dubbed later . Obviously . In the script , as well as being shot at , Arthur is about to be hit by a falling safe and a circular saw . The animators were still working on this sequence when the first episode was broadcast , and received an inquiry from " Datalink " , a computer magazine inquiring about the type of computer system employed for the graphics ... The reporter was rather shocked to learn it was all hand-drawn as he had hoped to win an argument between himself and other " experts " . The magazine 's phone number wound up as a date in the circular stamp mark ... Incidentally , the word " Belgium " ( pardon the language ) was an in-joke for fans of the radio series , where it had been revealed as the rudest word in the galaxy . Only a race that didn 't know its true meaning could tolerate its use ... The giant speaker stacks were models , about four feet tall . Zaphod is holding a prop of Ford 's leg , which is dangling from a pole held by an assistant . Episode 2 , remember , required a dummy of " Arthur 's " leg Douglas Adams obviously had a " thing " about isolated legs ... He was very keen to realise an idea about a sentient robot leg , which would hop along with our heroes in the movie , were it ever made . " Manually ? You mean once a year ? " - an ad-lib by Simon Jones in rehearsals that never quite made it into the episode in those trade union-sensitive days . The cast convened to prepare this final episode on Thursday 1st January 1981 in BBC Rehearsal Room No. 302 at Acton , West London , where most of the series was rehearsed . The end of Marvin 's final speech was cut short . After the words " Far too intelligent ... " ... the recording of Stephen Moore , which still exists , continued ... " ... In fact I 'm so intelligent I 've probably got time to go through the five million things I hate most about organic lifeforms . " The rehearsal script continued : " One . They 're so stupid . " These scenes were taped earlier than the Black Ship interiors with Zaphod and co . , but on the same recording day . The swapping of clothing was an idea that developed in rehearsals , and was not originally part of the script . This set was cobbled together largely out of existing pieces from other episodes . The long beam was from the Vogon hold , and the curved sections of wall were from the Heart of Gold . There are five extras in studio listed for this episode in BBC paperwork - Laurie Goode , Enid Blackman , Doug Blather , Reg Lloyd , and Marilyn Gothard ... There go four of them . They know who they are ... The vault door was a hired piece of scenery previously used in a James Bond film , apparently . The top part of the shot is a matte painting . The script describes " ... rows and rows of what appear to be glass-topped sarcophagi . " This is a " military nut " called " Number One " . Actually he was named " Number Two " in the rehearsal script . Very confusing . He is played by Matthew Scurfield . The B-Ark model was about 5 ft in diameter , and built by Perry Brahan at the Visual Effects workshop . The two largest raised circular objects are actually 35mm slide trays from a carousel projector . " Number Three " is Geoffrey Beevers . " The Captain " is Aubrey Morris . The ceiling is from the Heart of Gold . The recycling now extends to forklift pallets from the Vogon ship and panels from episode 4 . The bath looks okay , despite having been dragged up to the Peak District on location 14 weeks earlier . Number One is holding a bizarre weapon made from two toy guns glued together ; a concept ( possibly the actual prop ! ) re-used from the model of Hotblack 's spaceship in episode 5 . This shot was tightly framed , so it was critical that all the actors hit their positions if they were to be seen . It took a few goes to get it right . Matthew Scurfield ( Number One ) has appeared in " Minder " , " Sweeney 2 " , " Wycliffe " , " A Dance to the Music of Time " and Dennis Potter 's " Karaoke " . Geoffrey Beevers ( Number Three ) has been in " A Very British Coup " , " Prime Suspect 2 " and " Poirot " . His wife is actress Caroline John . Aubrey Morris appeared in many British series , like : " Danger Man " ; " Reilly , Ace of Spies " ; " Hot Metal " and he played Mr. Z in " Jamie " . His films include " A Clockwork Orange " , " The Wicker Man " , " Lisztomania " and " The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes ' Smarter Brother " . Aubrey Morris moved to California in the late 80s , to appear on " Columbo " , " Murder She Wrote " , " War and Remembrance " and " Babylon 5 " . Aubrey Morris had lots of trouble with his lines in this scene which , to put it kindly , helped with the vagueness of the character . Number One has started on Arthur now , and what will he find in that dressing gown pocket ? What souvenir does Arthur have to comfort him , now the Earth is destroyed ... ? ... Toothpaste . The Captain in the bath was played on the radio by David Jason , who later became a household name as Del Boy in " Only Fools and Horses " and as " Frost " . At the time , David Jason was regularly playing the Foreign Secretary in the bath in the satirical radio show " Week Ending " . The whole concept of the B-Ark was something Douglas created in a script for Ringo Starr , an aborted project he co-wrote with Monty Python 's Graham Chapman in the mid-70s . In the rehearsal script , Number Three ( " a pleasant , genial and well-spoken chap , but none too bright " ) was called Number One . Number Two appears later , but only on location film . The script asked for the imagery here to look as much as possible like the famous historical Bayeaux Tapestry . A huge chunk was cut from this part of the narration , as it would have been impossible to complete the animation in time for the edit . The missing story can be heard in the radio version , and concerns the rather irritating " Circling Poets of Arium " and their rather unlikely tales , whose descendants invented the tales of impending doom . This shot was filmed near The Carlyon Bay Hotel , where the crew were based on location in St. Austell , Cornwall . This whole section of Ford Arthur looking around the new home planet and finding it familiar was cut from the transmitted programme , and only included in the video release . The raft was shot the same morning on the same beach near the hotel , where Marvin cavorted with the bikini girl and Douglas went skinny-dipping . After the beach scenes , and a quick visit to the monkey sanctuary , the crew headed home to prepare for the following week 's location whilst Douglas Adams flew to Glasgow ... Over the weekend between the two location shoots , Douglas attended " Hitchercon 1 " , the first ever " Hitchhiker 's Guide " fan convention , on 27th and 28th September 1980 . The scenes around the bath , stranded on Prehistoric Earth , were filmed in the Peak District National Park near to Mossley , from Monday 29th September to Friday 3rd October 1980 . Douglas joined them again after his jaunt to Scotland , and the work progressed with the cavemen , the ending of the series , and then this ... The Marketing Girl is Beth Porter , who played the same rôle on radio ... The pushy Management Consultant is Jon Glover ... The bath was filled with some rather toxic-looking water from a paper mill , brought to the location by a tanker truck . The Hairdresser is David Rowlands . He appeared in " Allo Allo " , " Blott on the Landscape " , " Doctor Who - The Sunmakers " and " Rising Damp " . He has also been a teacher and a reporter at Radio Sussex . Beth Porter comes from Connecticut , USA , and studied drama in London . She appeared in " The Great Gatsby " , " Rock Follies of ' 77 " , " Eskimo Nell " , and " What 's Up Superdoc ? " Beth Porter also appeared with Tim Curry in " Blue Money " and in " Alan Bleasdale Presents - Pleasure " . She later went into writing and producing as well as acting . Talking of difficulty , Aubrey Morris had as much trouble with his lines here in the Peak District as he would have nearly 14 weeks later in the studio . Here , though , he was too cold , rather than too hot . Number Two is played by David Neville , who was in " Love For Lydia " , " Executive Stress " , Jilly Cooper 's " Riders " and " To Play The King " . The light was going when filming Beth Porter for this scene , and things were getting a bit fraught , as can be seen on the blooper reel . A solitary yellow rubber duck on a red background was the main image on the sleeve of the second " Hitchhiker 's " LP , " The Restaurant at the End of the Universe " ... Jon Glover is a prolific voice man , with 1980s satirical puppet show " Spitting Image " , " The Staggering Stories of Ferdinand de Bargos " and the cartoon " The Animals of Farthing Wood " to his credit . Jon Glover is probably most famous for playing the rather stiff and starchy Mr. Chomondley-Warner in the spoof of old black-and-white government information films in " Harry Enfield 's Television Programme " . Douglas Adams appeared with Peter Cook in the topical quiz show " Have I Got News For You " on 11 Dec 1992 . The week on location in The Peak District was followed by a week shooting in and around the London area , followed by another week at Ealing Studios shooting Deep Thought . The shoot of Deep Thought just happened to be on Week 42 of the BBC calendar that year . " Mostly Harmless " was the title of the 5th in the " Hitchhiker 's Guide " canon and was the final book written by Douglas Adams ... Douglas Adams died on 11th May 2001 , aged just 49 . The Earth scanning to the book image was an idea concocted at a final meeting between the Producer and Animators . The film footage was traced for the animation , which was back-projected in the usual way , but with the book against a blue screen . Alan ( James William ) Bell was both Producer and Director , but the BBC allowed only one credit .
