 I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D This first episode of the TV series premiered in the UK at 9 pm , Monday 5th January 1981 on BBC2 . Peter Jones voices " The Book " . The " Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy " began life as a six-part BBC Radio series by Douglas Adams . The first episode aired on 8th March 1978 . The first " Hitchhiker 's Guide " novel by Douglas Adams was published on 12th October 1979 . The double LP vinyl record album featuring a partially different cast was released the following month . The TV version was inevitable . This shot has intrigued many people over the years , except perhaps miniature railway enthusiasts who quickly recognise the commercially-available model trees . The director 's preferred take of this model sunrise was damaged by the neg cutters . He had to use this alternative take . Logo drawn by animator Rod Lord - loosely-based on the paperback design . Negotiations for Douglas Adams to write the TV pilot script began in May 1979 . The pilot script arrived in December , and the series was commissioned almost immediately . Terms were agreed by 10th January 1980 for the rest of the script . The next quick shot of Arthur 's surprised face was actually filmed through a ground floor window to the rear of the house . The earliest version of this sequence , as used in the pilot programme , included a tunnel element taken from the 1970s " Doctor Who " titles . It was replaced in time for the first broadcast . The acknowledgement of the original radio series was another amendment prior to transmission . Joe Melia as " Mr. Prosser " . Joe Melia was in Cambridge Footlights revues in 1958 / 59 with Bill Wallis , who played " Mr. Prosser " on radio and record . Je Melia worked with Peter Cook and Dudley Moore , and for a time chaired the panel game " Call My Bluff " . Douglas Adams created the part of " Arthur Dent " with Simon Jones in mind . They too met at Cambridge Footlights - in early 1971 . Simon Jones had , of course , already played Arthur Dent on the radio and the record . The background of twittering birds was added in a sound dubbing session at Ealing Studios on 2nd June 1980 . The bulldozer engine noise came from a BBC sound effects vinyl record . It felt more threatening than the actual machine . Bulldozer - from J. Thomas ( Southern ) Ltd . No computers were used to create the animation for the series . It was all drawn by hand . Honestly . The Earth , for example , was traced from photos of a revolving globe . The animation was directed by Rod Lord of Pearce Studios Ltd . Fred the chimp : supplied by Mary Chipperfield Promotions Ltd . Fred cost more to hire than the five human dinner guests put together ! David Dixon plays " Ford Prefect " , a part originally played on radio and record by Geoffrey McGivern . David Dixon was suggested for his " weirdness " by a temporary secretary of Producer / Director Alan J.W. Bell . David Dixon had played Prince John in " Robin Hood " ( 1975 ) for the BBC , and most recently Ariel in " The Tempest " ( 1980 ) . He had a small rôle in the movie " The Missionary " ( 1982 ) , and later appeared in " Tutti Frutti " ( 1987 ) , " Boon " ( 1990 ) and " The Bill " ( 1992 ) . The BBC erected 60 feet of wooden fencing to screen out the garden next door . In the original " Hitchhiker 's Guide " radio series , it is Arthur , not Ford , who instigates what happens next ... For this scene , David Dixon says J.W. Bell told him to play Ford like " Raymond Burr " ... " Fat and in a wheelchair ? " puzzled Dixon , initially ... But Bell wasn 't actually referring to Burr 's disabled detective " Ironside " He meant " Perry Mason " , Burr 's famous lawyer character . Joe Melia had appeared in Dennis Potter 's play " Double Dare " ( 1976 ) and was reunited with Simon Jones in " Privates on Parade " ( 1982 ) . Location filming at Arthur 's house took place from Monday 12th to Wednesday 14th May 1980 at Edmonds Farm in Balcombe , Sussex , England . The workmen were played by Terry Duran George Cornelius . You can spot some film unit vehicles in the background of this shot . The Encyclopaedia logo was only added to the show two days before transmission . Here , the script called for drunken aliens in the style of an 18th-century Hogarth engraving . This was the BBC graphic designer 's second attempt , after his original was rejected by Alan J.W. Bell . The next scene was shot at Ealing Film Studios on 8th May 1980 . The girl is Cleo Rocos , who later rose to fame in " The Kenny Everett Show " . The guy is Andrew Mussell . Their metallic-looking plastic costumes cost £ 450 each , much to the dismay of the producer / director Alan J.W. Bell . And yes , Cleo Rocos did have trouble remaining inside that costume . The design of Zaphod was based on special reference photos of Mark Wing-Davey in a rough costume . H was photographed in May 1980 , almost 5 months before he was needed for actual filming . The pub interior location shoot was on 15th and 16th May 1980 . Somehow the barman manages to pull six pints of beer in 15 and a half seconds . Well , Ford did say : " Quickly , please ... " The hopeful-looking barfly was played by Steve Trainer . Pure nostalgia : 1980 bar prices . Simon Jones ( Arthur ) and David Dixon ( Ford ) were indeed drinking real beer ... Fortunately , they were supplied with special " quick sup " trick glasses ... Nevertheless , this was their fourth attempt at the shot ... The author Douglas Adams makes a cameo appearance here , sitting at the far end of the bar , wearing a light jacket . The shot was indeed filmed on a Thursday However , this was shot the evening before , and caused a minor industrial dispute ... when it was squeezed in at the end of a long day at the house . The costume and make-up team were disgruntled at not being included in a shot where actors were ( only just ) visible . This shot originally contained three ships , but was cut short . The narration by Peter Jones was recorded on 21st March 1980 ... These stock shots from a BBC science programme were coincidentally produced by another Peter Jones . Arthur would not have heard the bulldozer in reality , since the Red Lion pub is actually about 6 miles away from the house location . The barman was played by Steve Conway , whose previous work includes " Ripping Yarns - Whinfrey 's Last Case " , one of two episodes directed by Alan J.W. Bell . The BBC paid the Red Lion pub £ 300 for the use of the premises . Signs outside the pub asked the traffic to go slow due to the filming in progress . The Red Lion pub was closed for filming on the first day until 6 pm . On the second day , the extras were finished with by 1.00 pm . In May 1980 , all the pubs in England still used to close for the afternoon due to the licencing laws . The lych-gate and stone wall were all fake , supplied by the BBC , and therefore they are the only part to be damaged by the bulldozer ... This lane location is very close to the house , but Simon Jones is , in reality , shouting towards a field of cows . The actors were looking up at a lamp on a crane . The blue sky was used to key-in the model ship . The noise of the wind machine meant that the dialogue here had to be dubbed later , in a session at Ealing Studios on 2nd June 1980 . Filmed in March 1980 from the 39th floor of the Nat West tower ( later renamed " Tower 42 " ! ) The clouds here are taken from a photograph . The London street scenes were filmed on Sunday 11th May 1980 . Each of the 26 extras was paid £ 22.50 . The Vogon Captain is played by Martin Benson . His most famous rôle was as the Prime Minster of Siam in the movie " The King and I " with Yul Brynner . Martin Benson also appeared in " A Shot in the Dark " with Peter Sellers , plus " Goldfinger " and " The Omen " . David J. Grahame was the sandwich-board man . These scenes were shot at St. Paul 's tube entrance outside 161 Cheapside . Bill Barnsley-filmed at the house location , 13th May 1980 . Martin Benson 's Vogon mask is by sculptor John Friedlander , who crafted many memorable monsters for " Doctor Who " . Douglas Adams 's script had asked for the explosion to happen in complete silence . The static model Vogon ship was filmed as a track-back along some lengthy custom-built camera rails borrowed from legendary movie special effects wizard Derek Meddings . The chemical glow-sticks hanging here were a trendy design item of the day . The remainder of this episode was recorded in BBC TV 's largest studio , TC1 , on Saturday 7th June 1980 . During the two weeks between the location filming and this studio session , Simon Jones had taken part in another BBC production , " Masterful Servant " . The other production had insisted on cutting Jones 's hair , thus destroying the continuity of his hairstyle here . A storm of internal memos resulted in the commission of a special pelmet-like hairpiece to lengthen the back of Simon 's hair . The hairpiece is quite noticeable in some shots , and Alan J.W. Bell insisted the cost of its manufacture was charged to the other production . The large composite set for this episode was designed by Andrew Howe-Davies . The Dentrassi was a puppet in order to save paying an extra , but it ended up costing a lot more ! Visual Effects Designer Jim Francis designed and operated the character . This tunnel-like corridor was made from the same fork-lift truck pallets used as set elements on Ridley Scott 's film " Alien " , which had been filmed at Shepperton Studios two years earlier . Clever editing makes this section of corridor seem much longer ... The " Don 't Panic " legend on the prop had been overlooked by BBC graphics . It was hurriedly painted on the prop by Kevin Davies , a visiting member of the animation team . The Guide prop was designed by Jim Francis and his Visual Effects team the animation was back-projected onto the prop using their special rig . There was " no " miniature TV screen in the prop , and " no " computers were utilised in the preparation of the graphics . Even some visual effects and computer experts were fooled . Rod Lord 's animation technique was to build up the images via multiple exposures of back-lit artwork under a 16mm rostrum camera . He painstakingly revealed the scrolling text letter-by-letter , frame-by-frame over many hours . Composer Paddy Kingsland added the unscripted burp ... For much of the time , the TV series follows the storyline of either the radio series or the record albums . At this point , however , it makes a rare departure . A recipe for " Hagra biscuit " : bake some small loaves of dyed blue Madeira-type cake , garnish with mushy-pea relish and sprinkle with red paprika to taste . Then-stand back ! The " gull-wing " door here was the same set element used in the Dentrassi quarters . A glass shot-the top and sides of the image are painted on a sheet of glass in front of the camera . The Statue of Liberty was just visible in the glass shot . The idea was that the Vogons take souvenirs from the planets they demolish . One aborted plan was to place a brand-new Mini Metro car in the hold , upside down , amongst the other items . The helmet is an old prop previously featured in " Doctor Who " . Watch the open bin lid mysteriously closed after the shot changes . Hair continuity wasn 't the only problem , then ? Simon Jones 's special hairpiece is very obvious at the back of his head in this scene . Graphics designer Doug Burd has these special towels made up to his own geometric design . The set designer Andrew Howe-Davies was disappointed that the fish dispenser wasn 't featured as much as he 'd hoped . It is reused in the next two episodes , on the bridge of the Heart of Gold . The little Babel Fish was cast in latex by the BBC Visual Effects Department . It had two red map-pins for eyes . Martin Benson was not the first choice for the Vogon Captain . Alan J.W. Bell had approached Stratford Johns , Frank Middlemass and Sir John Gielgud ! Bell remembers a lunch with Gielgud where the great man supposedly complained that he was never offered any sitcom work . Bell 's offer of the Vogon part was allegedly rejected , not by Gielgud himself , but by his agent , who didn 't think it was quite " him " . Bell maintains that it was a career opportunity that Gielgud missed ... The following bit of business with the towel seems to have been specially written for the TV version . By the time they reached this scene on the studio day , late in the evening of 7th June 1980 , there was a certain edge of panic setting in . The union work-to-rule meant the studio lights would be switched off at the agreed finish time of 10 pm , whether the programme was in the can or not ... The first 50 seconds of the Babel Fish animation was treated as a pilot piece to test the abilities of the animation company , and to set the style for future sequences . Alan J.W. Bell , Doug Burd and Douglas Adams viewed the piece and gave it their hearty approval . Douglas Adams spent a long time working out the theory behind the Babel Fish . it was his answer to the problem of how aliens in Sci-Fi always seem to be able to speak our language . The join in the animation film is clearly visible here as the bottom line of text pops-on in a sloppy jump cut ... The second part continues with the debate on the non-existence of God . Douglas Adams said he was moved to write this after attending the birth of a cow with his step-father , who was a vet . The equation is based on the notion that mixing all colours of the rainbow in paint would give a very mucky pigment ( i.e. black ) , whilst mixing all colours of light would equal white light . Animation director Ron Lord won several prizes for his work on the graphics and for this sequence in particular . The step animation of the bomb was traced from archive footage of a real mushroom cloud . In 1985 , a special towel was available as a rare piece of official " Hitchhiker 's Guide " merchandise . Part of the text about towels from the novel was woven into its design . This extra zoom-in to Arthur was achieved via Quantel 5001 - an early digital effects system . There 's the join on his hairpiece at the back of his neck again ... Studio time was fast approaching lights out . They were really panicking by now - David Dixon fluffs slightly , but there 's no going back ... " Mostly Harmless " became the title of the fifth " Hitchhiker 's " novel , in 1992 . Martin Benson doubles as the Guard . This quick little shot of Arthur was actually Simon Jones rushing to his next position as that first hectic studio day rapidly drew to a close ... The pilot episode was completed after a final edit on 2nd July 1980 . For various reasons , the show went £ 30,000 over budget . It was premiered to 100 Sci-Fi fans at the National Film Theatre Screen 2 on Saturday 5th July 1980 , where a laughter track was recorded . Screenings at the Edinburgh TV Festival in August 1980 and at the " Hitchhiker 's Guide " convention in Glasgow brought many favourable reviews . The cast would reassemble to begin the next five episodes in Cornwall on Monday 22nd September 1980 ...
