 I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D The title sequence was designed by Doug Burd of BBC Graphics , who had previously won an award for the titles of " Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy " . Douglas Adams gave no specific ideas in his script for the title sequence . The first UK screening of episode 2 was on Monday 12th January 1981 , on BBC2 . Heavily edited for subsequent transmissions , this is the most complete version ever presented ... The plane was piloted by the graphics designer Doug Burd , a member of the BBC flying club , here at Denham airfield . Tragically , he was killed in a flying accident just a few months later , in April 1981 . Douglas Adams makes another cameo appearance here . Douglas Adams was paid £ 1,450 per episode for his six TV scripts . Just a few years later , he would secure a £ 2m advance , in a major publishing deal . Associate Producer John Lloyd suggested a Range Rover for this scene , as they were just becoming trendy for city folk . Producer Alan J.W. Bell preferred a limo and chauffeur , as per the script . Douglas Adams was persuaded into " doing a Stonehouse " as his script said , when the actor originally hired for the scene reported sick . A few years later , in his fourth " Hitchhiker 's " novel , " So Long , And Thanks For All The Fish " , Douglas Adams named the girl in the cafe " Fenchurch " . She becomes the object of Arthur Dent 's affections ... Visual Effects Designer Jim Francis said the 5ft-long Vogon ship model was never really completed , but they had to go ahead and use it anyway . In this re-cap from episode 1 , recorded late on the evening of 7th June 1980 , Ford and Arthur 's eye-lines don 't match . The Vogon wasn 't actually there and they had no common reference point to stare at . This is the longest , most complete version of the Captain 's poem heard in any version of " The Hitchhiker 's Guide " . It continues after the animation sequence ... You may notice a change in Ford 's hairstyle from this point . Has the Vogon poetry made his hair curl , or is it just that five months have passed since the previous scene was shot ? Rod Lord 's animation team were under a lot of pressure . They had had three months to do the pilot animation , but had just four months to do the other five episodes Scenes were shared around the studio , under the guidance of Rod Lord at all times . This poetry sequence was drawn by Kevin Davies . Due to the multi-exposure technique , any errors in the animation meant the entire sequence had to be re-shot ... It happened here , due to everyone 's failure to notice Douglas Adams 's misspelling in his script of one word : " Flatulant " ! The original name of the worst poet was altered for legal reasons . " Paula " is actually a sketch of Douglas Adams with his hair in bunches . Ford Arthur had to mime their agony here , so the Vogon poetry could be recorded clean for the electronic voice treatment David Dixon and Simon Jones recorded their screams afterwards as a " wildtrack " , which ended in much hilarity for all present . Douglas Adams 's script described the Vogon as " a Gerald Scarfe picture of Orson Welles " He also wanted Ford and Arthur to be seen to suffer in slow-motion , as if it were " a cross between Peckinpah and Hitchcock " . The gleaming metal bars of the cages were , at one stage , going to be covered with a highly reflective material used for road signs and a film technique called Front Axial Projection The idea was that a lamp on the front of the camera would have made the bars glow , suggesting a laser force field . The costume and make-up team made improvements to the Vogon mask and costume for this episode . He wears a " poetry-reading ruff " , and for some reason they painted his nails white . The cages ( or " poetry appreciation chairs " as they were known ) were scripted as being wired up to " evil-looking " instruments labelled " imagery intensifier " , " aliterative residulator " and " simile dumper " . The studio day for episode 2 was Saturday 8th November 1980 . This is the same Vogon corridor set re-built from episode 1 ... There was an entire day devoted to video recording certain model effects - something of a luxury and a rare occurrence at BBC TV Centre . Derek Meddings 's special camera tracks were hired again , and used on this shot . Again , the same length of corridor is traversed several times during this sequence ... The Vogon guard is played by Michael Cule , who has since become something of a " Hitchhiker 's Guide " stalwart ... During the break between the making of episodes 1 and 2 , there had been an ambitious stage production of " Hitchhiker 's Guide " at the then famous Rainbow Theatre in North London ... the stage play closed after two weeks , unable to sell enough tickets to fill the vast auditorium ... However , Michael Cule was one of two cast members from the play who caught the eye of the TV series Producer / Director Alan J.W. Bell . Cule played 12 parts at the Rainbow , ranging from Vogon Captain to Deep Thought , plus the B-Ark Captain in the bath , and various voices , from a mouse to a whale ... In 1992 , Cule again played the Vogon guard and voiced the Babel Fish in " The Making of the Hitchhiker 's Guide " ... In the photomontage pictures for the 1994 book , " The Illustrated Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy " , Michael Cule appears as Mr. Prosser And fans of cult television will remember Michael Cule 's exploding couch potato in the " Max Headroom " pilot film of 1985 . This massive door is recycled later as the door of the black stunt ship in episodes 5 and 6 . Michael Cule credits Douglas Adams for this last-minute ad-lib ... This scene was totally removed after the first transmission and never repeated . It was reinstated for the video release in 1992 . In an early draft of the pilot episode , Arthur acquired a moving hologram of the exploding Earth . The script had him study the perspex souvenir unhappily during this scene . This gag from Arthur was an old chestnut from Douglas Adams 's days in Cambridge Footlights ... Our heroes each wore a harness and wire to fly them from the airlock a stunt recorded on a tilted set earlier that day . The Captain 's chair was operated like a mediaeval ducking-stool . Ford Prefect was standing on a box as the 16mm film projector was once again ingeniously rigged to show the animation on the rear of the Guide 's screen . As scripted , the book would have tumbled from Ford 's satchel and be seen on the Vogon 's own monitor . Monday morning pre-production meetings began in August 1980 , and each script was discussed in detail . The script suggested the postcards could be photos of the Seychelles with the colours altered . The make-up and costume designers wanted to create a bizarre alien hand , but Associate Producer John Lloyd expressed concern that it should look human for the gag to work ... The screams and sound effects were in addition to the script . The drawing of Ford and Arthur was by Betty Day at Pearce Studios . The spaceship seems to have a London Transport logo . The animation matches to a photograph of the red phone taken specially by Doug Burd . This used to be the actual phone number of Douglas Adams 's Islington flat in the late 1970s . Ringing it nowadays provokes chronic disruptions in the space / time continuum , so don 't . In the script , Douglas Adams asked for " Lola " by The Kinks to be playing , whilst on the sofa a man in a sleeping bag would be " vainly and perversely trying to get some sleep . " David Dixon wore tinted contact lenses to enhance Ford 's unusual eyes . He was cued for this shot by a tap on the knee before the camera pulled back . The following 3 1 / 2 minutes are a showcase for the whole team , and for Electronic Effects by Dave Jervis and Video Editing by lan Williams in particular ... This matte painting was by BBC scenic effects artist Jean Peyre . For this show , Alan J.W. Bell devised a new method for compositing matte paintings in video post-production . Script quote : " We see this happening , says he glibly " The Quantel video effect of the buildings moving was a replacement for the first animated attempt by BBC Graphics . Ford and Arthur are actually now standing in front of a green screen on which the background effects were keyed . This sequence was shot piecemeal , on video and on film in the studio at BBC TV Centre and at Ealing Film Studios . The team considered filming a real penguin wearing Ford 's jacket and satchel . Ford as a penguin was filmed separately to allow more time for make-up . This shot was a multi-plane innovation by Alan J.W. Bell . It required two pieces of animation film on two telecine machines , running together in synchronisation ... The back of the 2x2x2 hoops were keyed onto a green screen behind her . The front of the hoops were keyed over the combined image The combined image was further manipulated with Quantel effects at the editing stage . Indeed , it was . The show won three BAFTA craft awards for graphics , video editing and sound supervision . Arthur and the Amazonian gray woolly monkeys were filmed in The Monkey Sanctuary at Looe , Cornwall . one of the monkeys was called Jessie and her descendants still live there ... Script suggested a caption ... Tedious ... Location : the foyer of The National Theatre in London . The undergarments were suspended on fine wires . Location : an ex-Guinness factory in North Acton , London , owned by the BBC . The young physicist was using a " hyper-neutron broom " according to the script . The improbability drive machine with its little revolving golden heart was built by Jim Francis and his team at BBC Visual Effects . They also made the awards props - one in perfect condition The other artfully broken . The ship was described as being vaguely shaped like a running shoe and non-symmetrical . Sandra Dickinson was a surprise choice for the rôle of Trillian . Douglas Adams had described Trillian in the novel as having black hair and brown eyes , wearing a flowing silky brown dress , which made her look " vaguely Arabic " . On radio , Trillian sounded very English , and was played by Susan Sheridan . Mark Wing-Davey had created the rôle of Zaphod Beeblebrox in the radio series and on the LP record . This shot was deliberately framed to minimise his unusual appearance for the moment ... A throwaway gag in the radio script led to a major " headache " for any visual interpretation How do you create a character with two heads back in the days before sophisticated computer graphics ... ? Finally , Zaphod is revealed in all his glory . A radio-controlled second head seemed a better solution than the stage method of having two people in a single pantomime costume ... Note the two inverted L-shaped desk lamps on the consoles . They were only used on the set during the studio day for episode 2 ... Marvin the Paranoid Android is played by two people - David Learner is inside the " tin can " and the voice is Stephen Moore , who created the rôle in the radio series and on record . This brief shot of Marvin and Trillian was actually a re-recording made two weeks later in studio for episode 3 . ... Other bridge scenes were also re-mounted . Douglas Adams described Marvin as : " ... made of stainless steel and obviously fairly new . " However , it moves in such a way " as to suggest that moving is an unnatural and uncomfortable activity . " David Learner , who spent hours inside the cumbersome costume , could testify to the truth of that description . Learner was the other actor hired from The Rainbow stage play , where he 'd also portrayed Marvin . The Frogstar Scout robot is an in-joke for fans of the second radio series . Marvin was used here instead of the animation described in the script . He was filmed with Jennifer Goble on the same beach in Cornwall where Douglas Adams had walked into the sea , naked . It 's Douglas Adams in sketch form again , this time as the Advertising Executive . Rod Lord was asked to improvise this scene under the rostrum camera one Friday evening when BBC Graphics had failed to deliver it in time for the Sunday edit session . ... The bullet holes were made by poking a pencil through the artwork , a frame at a time . The following scenes were heavily edited for the original transmissions , but are now fully restored ... The sales brochure was designed by Doug Burd and Kevin Davies . David Dixon had asked for his script page to be taped inside and was delighted to find it already printed in the text . Douglas Adams described the interior of the Heart of Gold as " moulded in sweeping contours with exciting chunky bits of design " . Andrew Howe-Davies , the set designer , used a corrugated steel roof cladding specially profiled to his orders . As per the Vogon ship , there was only one corridor set , cleverly utilised for a number of angles and scenes ... Dixon and Jones sang " In The Mood " together during recording breaks . The door behind Marvin would have been too heavy and unsafe for studio if it had been made from the same corrugated steel as the walls . Cast from a huge block of polystyrene moulded to look similar to the walls , the lightweight door was operated by hand from above the set . David Learner actually performed Marvin 's lines in studio for reasons of timing . Stephen Moore 's famously depressive tones were recorded later . Marvin really does have a gigantic computer brain the size of a planet , floating somewhere in hyperspace This idea was approved by Douglas Adams when it was mentioned in a special cross-section diagram of Marvin prepared by the animators . The diagram was first published in The Sunday Times colour supplement on 5th July 1981 and as a poster from " The Marvin Depreciation Society " around the same time . Everyone had their own ideas about the design of Marvin A special meeting was held for representatives of all departments to discuss the paranoid android . After 40 minutes of inconclusive debate , they abdicated all responsibility to Jim Francis of Visual Effects . After 10 weeks of thinking , 50 design sketches and one reject head , Jim had only two weeks left to build Marvin . Jim Francis carved wooden segments to fit an outline of David Learner 's body . Jim 's assistant , Stuart Murdoch , also acted as body-double during assembly of the largely fibreglass shell . Marvin had a wooden nose , and David Learner peeped out through the mouth . David Learner 's final fitting was on Friday 19th September 1980 . After a little filing down of the knee joints ( Marvin 's not David 's ! ) he was ready for his debut on location ... Plans for a widescreen on the Vogon ship were finally realised here ... The Newscaster was played by Rayner Bourton . Bourton played the original " Rocky " , the muscle-bound titular creature of " The Rocky Horror Show " , at The Royal Court 's Theatre Upstairs in 1973 . The glance coming up was ad-lib ... The Newscaster was described in the script as : " ... an alien disc jockey of outrageous aspect . " Halfrunt : " ... like Francis Ford Coppola . " Trillian 's costume : " exotic " and maybe slightly " unseemly " . Douglas Adams also suggested that Trillian should be : " ... in her mid-twenties , terribly pretty , " and will be what a lot of people will turn on the programme for , " even if they can 't bear science fiction or jokes . " Note the desk lamps have disappeared . They are missing from the re-recorded scenes . There has " always " been a scene missing at this point : Zaphod ignores Trillian and goes out to the Enviromatic patio to sunbathe . Trillian switches it to " Blizzarama " and he rushes back , covered in snow Which explains the bits of fake snow in Zaphod 's hair from time to time . Another bit missing here : Zaphod tried to work out the odds with a pencil , couldn 't do it , and was forced to ask the irritating computer . Some dialogue was cut from the end of the scene Trillian originally asked Eddie to show the aliens on the screen ... Meanwhile , here they come , trudging along the same old curve of corridor . Again . Most of this episode 's interiors were taped on Saturday 8th November 1980 . From here onwards it 's all from the re-mount , two weeks later ... The script asked for the ceiling to be included as part of the overall set design . Lightweight panels radiate from the central drum shape , which is suspended from the studio 's scenery hoists , above . Marvin has tiny G.P.P. and S.C.C. logos beneath his chest device , which incidentally , happens to be a recycled intercom unit from the movie " Alien " . ... In the original version of this shot Zaphod waved only one hand . The studio session for episode 3 was on Friday 21st November 1980 , and the re-shoots of this final scene taped that day were an enormous improvement on the original ... The script said one of Zaphod 's heads will obviously be fake " unless we can find an actor prepared to undergo some very exotic surgery . " Mark Wing-Davey ( Zaphod ) and Simon Jones ( Arthur ) had , in fact , met at Cambridge University . They had both appeared in a 1976 comedy pilot called " Out of the Trees " , co-written by Douglas Adams . " Bloody Martin Smith " was a former writing and performing partner of Douglas Adams during their days at Cambridge . The dispenser was the one from the Vogon hold , but the little Babel Fish which Zaphod puts in his ear was new , sculpted in great detail by freelance prop maker Susan Moore . Remember the party ? We only saw Zaphod 's arm , but in the novels it suggests he was dressed as a pirate with a covered birdcage on his shoulder concealing the other head . The TV script described Zaphod 's costume as " pirate-punk , thrown together with an eye for outrageous effect . " Trillian 's adaptable costume now includes a skirt and bag . The drinks tray was changed after she had trouble with heavy glassware two weeks earlier . With the four leads finally gathered together , the predominance of red in all their costumes unites them as a team . However , there is one more unseen member of that team : Visual Effects assistant Mike Kelt , who not only built and operated Zaphod 's second head , but spent a lot of time hiding behind Mark Wing-Davey , providing the third arm ...
