 MIKE : Hot cloud dead ahead . I 've got a bead on the source . It 's in Soviet territory . It 's a nuclear power plant . Stavograd . TECHNICIAN : All three reactors are offline , Dr. Bronski . Vladimir , you could expose the core . Do you have control of the situation or not ? Jason , I want to go in . You want to cause an international incident ? Have you really come here to help ? Right now , that 's up to you . The second we open the doors , we 'd all be contaminated . We have to do something . How was that one , Jo ? Not bad . Depth , 6.3 meters . Firing duration , four seconds . I can 't wait till the company picnic . LOCKE : Huh ? When they ask me to start the barbecue . You always were hot stuff , Mike . While you 're in the neighborhood , NORAD boys have a satellite reading they want you to check out . Activity on the Russian border ? Not exactly , some kind of high radiation release . Nuclear test ? Negative . Hot cloud dead ahead . What have you got ? Massive cloud formation . 1,000 rads plus . My God . We 'd be fried if we weren 't sealed in . I 've got a bead on the source . It 's in Soviet territory . Bearing 63 degrees . It 's just south of the Arctic Circle . What the hell 's up there ? It 's a nuclear power plant . Stavograd . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) All three reactors are offline , Dr. Bronski , but the core temperature in number one is still critical . What is the water level in two and three ? Normal , but the pressure is beginning to rise . Dr. Bronski , we must do something ! I know . All right . Release the buildup in containment number one . Open the feed water link between one and two . Vladimir , that could affect number two as well . You could expose the core . There is no other choice . Do it . Now ! ( ALARM SOUNDING ) JO : We 're almost into Soviet airspace . What have you got , Jason ? Stavograd is the biggest nuclear power plant in the USSR . Some kind of experimental job . Three new cluster reactors . They 've converted an older plant to robotic control , almost totally automated . Cranks out 20,000 megawatts of power from a control center located about five miles from the actual containment site . Five miles ? Now there 's a vote of confidence for you , huh ? Any word of an emergency situation ? Not yet . Something 's going on up there . You are certain the condition is under control ? Yes , Comrade Secretary . We have stabilized the reactor , but we are still monitoring the situation . This is precisely the crisis I was afraid of when I filed my report . What report ? The report on the automation systems I sent you last month . Haven 't you read it ? I was given no such report ! But you were ! I warned you that the heat tolerance would be too low in an emergency situation , and that is just what happened ! I 'm not going to argue with you about paperwork , Comrade Bronski . Do you have control of the situation or not ? ( SIGHS ) Yes . I am in control . Good . Keep me informed . No , I don 't like this . The rads are bouncing off us like my checks . Sensors show that there 's another hot cloud dispersing over the northern coastline . Jason , I want to go in . Right , and scramble half of the Russian Air Force on your tail ? Can 't the State Department get us some kind of clearance ? Not unless the Russians want us cruising through their airspace . They haven 't even acknowledged the situation , let alone ask us for help . By then it could be too late . I know . But we just can 't go busting in there . You want to cause an international incident ? ( INSTRUMENT BEEPING ) I 'd say the wind has already made it an international incident . Keep an eye on the water levels . A repair team will have to be sent in as soon as number one has cooled off . ( SIGHS ) Dimitrievich , that swine ! I know he received my report and he didn 't read it . I know it ! He is a perfect bureaucrat . He was the same at the ministry lab . He always preferred politics to science . So it is no wonder they made him head of the department over you . ( CHUCKLES ) It 's a pity , you know . He used to have a good head for science . Ah , but you are a better man than him , and a better scientist . Well , you are prejudiced . ( LAUGHS ) Yes , I am . Alexandria , what would I do without you ? I don 't intend to let you find out . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) Dr. Bronski ! Reactor number one , the pressure is still building ! That 's impossible ! Check the gauge ! Oh , my God ! ( ALARM BLARING ) We got a massive burst of radioactivity in the Stavograd sector . Much more intense than the last one . I hope you 've got friends in high places , Jason . I 'm taking us in . I 'll get Washington on the horn . ( ALARMS BLARING ) It 's no use . Internal temperature is building . The core is exposed . We have a fire in reactor number one . JO : We 're into Soviet airspace . So far , so good . Oh , sure , sure . So far . What do we say when we get there ? " Hey , guys . I just thought we 'd see how your plants were doing " ? Let 's hope Locke has managed to get us an engraved invitation . We 'll just maintain radio silence until then and hope for the best . What 's our ETA ? Stavograd Nuclear Facility , about 25 minutes from here . Dr. Bronski , the team has arrived . ( ALARM BLARING ) Just close that valve and get out of there . Yes , yes , that 's it , now hurry ! Carefully . Very carefully . No , no , the other ... The other way , the other way ! Yes , sir . I 'll tell them . Right away . You joy riders better turn your collective tail around and come back home before you start World War III . Did you tell them we 're here to help ? As far as the Russians are concerned , they don 't need our help . And the same thing goes for the State Department . Are you kidding ? You saw those radiation readings . I know , but until it 's official ... Ah . It looks official to me . We got a welcoming committee at three o 'clock . Damn . Signing off , Jason . Don 't call us , we 'll call you . Wait a minute ! You just can 't ... Saint John ! Mike ? Airwolf , come in ! Airwolf ! JO : What do we do now ? Just sit tight . You have entered Soviet airspace . You will land immediately , or we will open fire . We are a non-military aircraft on a mercy mission . I repeat , we are a non-military aircraft . Request permission to land at Stavograd Nuclear Facility . You will land , or we will shoot you down . Look , pal , we want to land , at Stavograd . So much for detente . Now what ? Don 't return fire . They have to know we 're here to help . Why ? Why did I let them go in there ? There is nothing you can do for them anymore . I should have gone in myself . No . Your place is here . I 'll have to inform Dimitrievich . The Stavograd plant is a top security zone , regardless of the situation . Find out why the Americans want to be so generous . Yes , sir . We are forcing this Airwolf down at this very moment . Excellent . What is an Airwolf ? JO : Heat seeker hard off port . Firing sunburst decoy . What was this ? We call it a sunburst . It is strictly defensive . We 're coming up on Stavograd . I repeat , we request permission to land at Stavograd Nuclear Facility . Ah , to hell with it . Yes , yes , allow them to land . But do not let them exit the helicopter until we have them inside the hangar . Is this clear ? ( SIGHS ) Yes , sir . I 'm on my way . Good . Keep me informed . Get me Comrade Bronski . ( MAN SPEAKING RUSSIAN OVER PA ) All right . This is beautiful ! You guys sure know how to make tourists feel welcome . Hey , um , we need a jumpstart cable . We can 't seem to get this thing going . I hope the AAA covers the towing charges . I normally carry the card around . I never leave home without it . Arkov . What are you doing here ? That , my dear , is exactly what I was about to ask you . Well , that 's just not good enough ! It 's not good enough for me , it 's not good enough for the President , and it 's sure as hell 's not good enough for the Russians ! It was an emergency situation . The rad count up there was reading like Nagasaki rain . That still does not give them the authorization to invade Soviet airspace ! They didn 't invade anybody . Yeah ? Well , tell that to their General Secretary . Tell that to our secretary of state . Where are they now ? Stavograd . Then I 'd say they 're in the center of the biggest hornet 's nest since the Cuban missile crisis . Now get them out ! ( DIALTONE ) Airwolf , come in , Airwolf . ( STATIC CRACKLING ) Damn it , guys , answer me ! Airwolf , come in ! So . A mission of peace , huh ? In that ? We saw the problem from our side of the line , and we moved in to help . How many times do I have to tell you that ? Arkov , you know we 're on the level . I know you are Americans , and I know you are spies . And I know what your machine is capable of . Then why don 't you let us use it to help you , huh ? Don 't give us this crap about nothing being wrong . We saw it , we measured the radioactivity . You need something to fly in there for a close look without getting fried . Your helicopter can do this ? You bet . We will send up one of our pilots in your Airwolf . Forget it . I would like to fly this aircraft . Sorry , it is not for rent . ( CHUCKLES ) A good fight . You fly very well . Thanks , same goes for you . Look , we 'll do all we can to help , but on our terms . You are in no position to bargain . Neither are you . Arkov , can we trust these American spies ? Yes , we can . Has the core temperature in number two stabilized ? Some . But I don 't know how long we can expect the cooling pumps to hold out in that temperature . We must get that valve closed . I know . ( SIGHS ) Where is Dr. Bronski ? Not back from the infirmary yet . Those poor bastards . The number one reactor is burning out of control , the others are in jeopardy . Dr. Rostov , these are the Americans we have told you about . Have you really come here to help ? Right now , that 's up to you . Well , where is Bronski ? ( ENGINE STARTING ) Fortunately , our plant is totally automated , and there have been relatively few injuries . I thought all Russian women were built like tractors . Well , have you seen their swim team ? How about their track team ? At this moment , this valve is our main problem . So where do we fit in ? You could provide us with a full picture of the damage . Sure . No problem . ( ALARM BLARING ) Vladimir ? Very well . We go . Doctor , you will remain here . I must come with you . No way . She goes ! We will keep one of you here with us . You , stay . Insurance , you understand . MIKE : Hey , wait a minute . We don 't have time to argue about this . Just go . I 'll be fine . You sure ? Yeah , I 'm sure . This is a remarkable vessel . We like to think so . Yo , Saint John , we should get in touch with Locke while we 've still got the chance . ( BEEPING ) Where the hell have you guys been ? It 's a long story . What 's going down over there ? Hold on , Jason , see for yourself . Holy ... Anyone hurt ? We 're not sure . We 're just gonna hang in as long as they let us . Keep me posted . You guys have the State Department and The Company having kittens . Kittens ? Baby cats ? He 's got it ! ( PEOPLE APPLAUDING ) We have intercepted an unauthorized broadcast from the Airwolf . I knew it . I knew it ! ( ALARM BEEPING QUICKLY ) Where is he ? I can 't find him . Reactor number one , pressure is building again . My God . Fire . The reactor is going into a meltdown . Where 's Vladimir ? There . You have to land . He 's hurt . I can 't . The second we open the doors , we 'd all be contaminated . You have to do something . Hurry . You can 't , he 's too hot . He 's right . I 'm all right . I 'm all right . How 's Bronski ? You lied to me . What ? Kirov 's people intercepted a broadcast you made to America ! Oh , give us a break ! I mean , Even E.T. Phoned home . You sent classified photos of secret military bases using our own satellite ! We sent pictures of Stavograd . A couple of snapshots . You have hung yourselves this time , my friends . And possibly me along with you . Gentlemen , after you . After you . After you . Go ! Look , they were responding to an emergency situation . I don 't care if they were following The March Hare ! How do you think our people would react if some super deluxe Soviet chopper set down right in the middle of Three Mile Island ? Listen , I 'm not looking for your blessing here , I just want to get them out in one piece . As far as The Company is concerned , they don 't exist . What the hell 's that supposed to mean ? It means that we can 't afford to get any dirtier than we already are . Your people were ordered to stay the hell out of Stavograd ! Therefore , they did not go to Stavograd . You 're telling me this never happened ? We have already begun proceedings to eliminate Airwolf from the files . And we 're supposed to just forget about them ? What kind of crap is that ? The Company can 't afford ... What if I go in ? On my own , no strings attached . I can 't hear you . If I can get in there , maybe I can spring them loose . There is nothing I can do ! Yeah . Why don 't you , uh ... Why don 't you take some of that vacation time you 've still got on the books ? I understand the fishing in the Baltic 's pretty good this time of the year . Yeah . I might just do that . This is suicide . Can we at least go up and assess the damage ? I think you have accomplished quite enough damage on your own . Oh , what are you getting at ? Perhaps your people sabotaged the plant as a cover for your little photo expedition . Are you out of your mind ? We shall see . As soon as this situation is under control , I will turn you over to the KGB . And I do not mean your friend Arkov . Um ... ( EXHALES ) Arkov . You should start considering what you intend to tell your superiors after I file my report on this matter . ( TUTTING ) I thought you were smarter than this , Arkov . You flatter me , Commander . I , on the other hand , find your intelligence to be exactly as expected . ( PEOPLE APPLAUDING ) Stop it ! Stop it ! We have accomplished very little ! There is so much to be done . Go back to work . If the temperature in reactor number two goes up so much as one degree , I want to know about it . Is this the latest readout on reactor number two ? Yes , sir . Let me take over for now . You must rest . If I rest , we will all rest for a very long time . And if you drop dead on your feet , will we be better off ? Alexandria ... Vladimir , you have done enough . That may be my epitaph . What is the status ? The status is that reactor number one is now in total meltdown , and if we can 't somehow stop it within 24 hours , reactor number two will overheat . If reactor two blows , then most assuredly , number three will follow . That is the status . This must not happen . What can we do ? You can pray for your soul , Comrade Commander . Hmm . Hmm . Well , I don 't think much of the color , but heck , if we move a few things around , we 'll be all right . I don 't know about you , but I 'm gonna move out before I get evicted . Aha ! Mmm . Right . Ooh , I like the quiet ones . What a guy . All clear . Come on . Now where ? KIROV : I am waiting , yes ! Please , consider letting the Americans help . Help what ? Make us look like fools ? They are spies . I was with them when they made the broadcast . They said nothing of military installations . But they did save Vladimir 's life . They , they , they , they ... They photographed a high security area . Everything in sight here is high security . How could they not ? You know them . Tell him they are telling the truth . The truth is they made an unauthorized transmission of restricted material . I see . And for that we all must die . Yes ! Yes , yes , yes , yes . Wonderful technology . What luck . This time , I will personally keep an eye on you . Just what is gonna take to convince you , Kirov ? ( COCKS GUN ) ( CLOSES DOOR ) Your faith in the American spies is curious , Doctor . It 's something I would like to discuss with you at a more appropriate time . Excuse me , Commander Kirov . Moscow . Yes , sir . You told me you had the matter under control . You told me there was nothing to worry about . That was true at the time . But circumstances have changed . And so shall the leadership of your division . Now tell me , what is the situation ? MIKE : Yeah , the situation 's this . Your people are gonna turn the Eastern Hemisphere into a giant microwave oven unless you do some smart moves , and I mean pronto , like lickety-split ... Stop him ! ... you know what I mean ? Excuse me , guys . I guess all your phones are party lines , huh ? ( SIGHS ) There must be something we can be doing . Well , one thing 's for sure . They 're not gonna let us out . So I 'd say the first order of business is to find a way out . Yeah , well , I just hate being locked up . We 're forgetting our wild card . LOCKE : Yeah , that 's right . I want a list of every sporting event in the Soviet Bloc in the next week . Right . Bowling , gymnastics , I don 't care . Just get me that list and make it fast . So , I see you 're gonna take that vacation , huh ? That 's right . I 'm hopping a cargo flight to Helsinki in about 45 minutes . Jason . You know , if I could ... Yeah . I know if you could , you 'd sweep me under the carpet , too . Well , maybe the Soviets will save you the trouble . What about the boron compound ? No ! It is too dangerous . To do nothing is also dangerous ! We 're on the brink of a disaster both natural and political . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) It 'll be like threading a needle at 800 miles an hour . What are you , nuts ? I 'm not sending more men to their death . My God ! He 's going to crash ! Pull back ! The whole thing 's ready to blow . The pressure in reactor number two is almost at the critical stage again . One more time .
