 My apologies for interrupting your current programming . Recognize my actions as those of a savior , or face the consequences . The freighter is carrying atomic waste from Japanese nuclear plants . An attempt must be made to board the freighter and disarm the firing mechanisms . SAINT JOHN : And we get the job . Saint John , what 's wrong ? You okay ? ( LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY ) ( CHATTERING ON TV ) Hey , come on , lighten up . I mean , so we 've had a couple of rough missions lately . What , you 're going to throw in the towel ? ( SIGHS ) Three sevens . No , it 's not that . I 've just been laying my life on the line too long . I 've had it . Sounds as if you need a break . Yeah . A permanent break . Three aces . Four aces . I call . You lose . Chuck . Get another round on Rivers here , please . Chuck , what is it ? My face ? Come on , tell me . Okay , hang on a second , one more game . And if I win , you don 't quit . I 'm not sure I can cover that bet . Ah , come on , try . I would have blocked him . Get out of his way . ( CHATTERING ON TV ) My apologies for interrupting your current programming , but I have a message of vital importance for all of you . Where 'd the basketball game go ? Catch this . Mankind is in great peril . That peril is disease . Contagious afflictions of the body . The ultimate absurdity exists when a healthy individual must isolate himself from all human contact simply to stay healthy and avoid illness . This is wrong . This is cruel . This is foolish . In reality , it should , and must be the other way round . I am therefore directing all nations of the world to establish isolated communities , and to begin immediately deporting those with diseases to these colonies . I would advise all those in power to watch the following very carefully . It will become apparent why you have no option but to obey . I give notice now that all nations must begin deportation of diseased citizens within 48 hours or face the consequences . My name is Malduke . I know that in the future you 'll thank me , and recognize my actions as those of a savior . Goodnight , all . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) MALDUKE : ( ON TV ) I would advise all those in power to watch the following very carefully . It will become apparent why you have no option but to obey . That little number was electronically back-doored through every television channel known to man . That 's almost impossible , isn 't it ? Not with very advanced technology . It appears this Malduke has put up a private broadcast satellite into orbit . Those photographs indicate it also has surveillance capacity . A spy in the sky , huh ? As good , if not better than anything we or the Soviets have up there . The National Security Council and the Pentagon is in a panic over it . What 's the story on the freighter ? It 's obviously adrift and the crew dead . It is a Liberian freighter . The Trident Queen , just out of Yokohama . It mysteriously broke contact with another vessel just north of Wake Island . We don 't know why , but the Japanese are in a cold sweat over it . They 've requested our cooperation on sweeping for it . Who the hell is this Malduke ? Well , he 's obviously powerful and dangerous . The rest is a mystery . Goodnight , all . TOWER OPERATOR : Search One , this is Wake Control . We make a radar target , estimated five miles from you on vector zero-eight-niner . PILOT : ( OVER RADIO ) That 's affirmative , Wake Control . Search One going to zero-eight-niner . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) Wake Control , I 'm coming under fire . Appears like tracer of some kind . I believe we 'll do a complete blood transfer this afternoon . You feel up to it ? To the contrary , Panov . It stimulates me . The sonic laser defense system has successfully destroyed the approaching target . Good . Shall I have our people open direct communications with world leaders ? Queen to knight 7B . Tracer ? Unlikely at that range . Any guesses on the tracking mechanism , Jason ? Could be radar aiming and guidance , so approach with caution . ( RADAR BEEPING ) Malduke , there 's another target approaching the freighter . Only a fool bumps his head against the same wall twice . Got it . Six miles and closing . What the hell is this stuff ? Ultra-high frequency emissions . Lasers ? Yeah . My suggestion is that we take evasive action immediately . Jam the radar aiming system on that baby . I 've tried everything in the book , but it 's not working . Maybe it 's not radar-guided . Guess again before it fries us . If it 's not tracking our form , it might be going on sound . It 's worth a try . Going to whisper mode . The approaching target has disarmed the sonic guidance . Put the satellite image on my monitor . Closer . Must be some top secret weapon . It 's only two miles from the freighter . Scan their radio frequency . Put me in direct contact with the pilot . Two miles and closing . Let 's get a good look at this thing . MALDUKE : ( OVER RADIO ) Stop immediately . Come no closer to the freighter . It is rigged with explosives , and will be detonated if you don 't obey . Bluff ? Maybe . We 'll hover in position and keep him talking . Meantime , open up a second frequency to Jason . Malduke ? I got Jason . Jason , can you track the transmission to its source ? Keep him on the air , Saint John . Malduke , this is Saint John Hawke . There appears to be no one alive on that freighter . If you don 't blow it up , maybe we will . I would urge against such a move , Mr. Hawke . The freighter is carrying atomic waste from Japanese nuclear plants . If detonated , it would destroy all life in the Pacific Basin . You do understand . Atomic waste . It would destroy all animal and plant life . The Pacific Basin generates a major portion of the world 's oxygen supply . That 's one hell of a piece of leverage if it 's true . Any luck tracking his transmission , Jason ? He 's on a satellite down arm . Could be transmitting from any point on the globe . Oh , my God . Saint John , I ran a computation on the orbital track of Malduke 's satellite . It 's close enough to read your altimeter . Do not return to base . Go into a holding pattern . Do you copy ? I copy . Thanks for the warning . It will be out of observing distance in about 20 minutes . Understood . ( EQUIPMENT BEEPING ) The target is maintaining a pattern , Malduke . They must know we 're tracking them . Well , we 've confirmed the worst . The Trident Queen is packed to the load line with atomic slag . Terrific . We can 't approach him , and we can 't locate his operations center . We 've convinced a number of countries to cooperate in giving the appearance of carrying out Malduke 's orders . At any rate , we 're buying time . Yeah , so what do we do now ? Just sit on our thumbs and wait ? You 've got a better plan ? ( STATIC CRACKLING ) MALDUKE : ( ON TV ) Here you see the fate of three world leaders who responded negatively to my request . MALE NEWSCASTER 1 : Tragedy struck earlier today when the foreign minister of the Republic of San Barrios died in a spectacular explosion en route to a summit conference . FEMALE NEWSCASTER : More information has just come in on the destruction of this peace delegation on its way to oversee treaty negotiations in the Mid East . MALE NEWSCASTER 2 : An appalling act of terrorism has struck the prime minister 's special committee investigating the threats perpetrated by the mad man who calls himself Malduke . MALDUKE : I trust those who 'll replace them will be more cooperative . Isn 't there anything else on ? I 'm really getting sick and tired of watching the same miniseries on every station . Cool it , guys . I 'm getting something . Put it on the speakers , Jo . MALDUKE : ( OVER SPEAKER ) I have no wish to have conversation with you . I merely wish to speak about the threat of disease and the soundness of my master plan . Wait a minute . This isn 't a satellite transmission . It 's coming in terrestrial . Can you pinpoint the location ? San Francisco Bay area . MALDUKE : ( ON TAPE RECORDER ) The healthy cannot share their society with the sick and the weak . It makes sense to isolate those afflicted into colonies . Got it yet ? Yeah . 2.3 miles ahead . Heading 173 . MALDUKE : ( ON TAPE RECORDER ) When I presented my theories to the so-called thinkers of the world , they called me mad . They dismissed my dreams as insanity . I swore then that I would one day have the world in the palm of my hands , and prove the truth of my thoughts with action . Transmission appears to be coming from a large container . I don 't like the feel of this . I 'm with you . I 'm moving closer for a scan . All right . Transmitter 's there , all right . And what appears to be a tape recorder . Oh , damn it . Saint John ! The armament bays are out . Can you fix it ? I 'll try . Byron , call in our knights to bishop three . Damn it ! How we doing , Mike ? I got three possible hostiles coming up to meet us . Try the system now . No go . Damn it ! That should do it . Okay , let 's go hunting . Patch me in to the pilot visually . Well done , Mr. Hawke . But you are running out of time . We 're just getting started , Malduke . You 're next . Be warned . If I see that machine of yours in the air again , I will detonate the Trident Queen . Now , this is final , Mr. Hawke . Goodnight , and goodbye . What 's all this about , Jason ? The National Security Council met in an emergency session a few hours ago . They 've decided that an attempt must be made to board the freighter and disarm the firing mechanisms . And we get the job . Yeah . Jo , you got the weather fax update for tonight ? Right . Heavy cloud cover over most of the North Pacific . Clearing around 2300 hours . That 'll hide you from Malduke 's satellite for the run-in . And then what ? Then you lose your cloud cover . You 'll have to board the freighter in the dark when the satellite 's on the far side of the Earth . How long do we have ? Thirty minutes to locate and disarm the firing devices . After that , his satellite will probably pinpoint you . So if you don 't disarm the explosives within 30 minutes ... We get one noisy Viking 's funeral . Any options , Jason ? I 'm afraid not . This , uh , disc contains all we know on existing triggering devices . It 'll supplement what you already know , Saint John . Jo , load it on Airwolf 's onboard computers . I wish to hell there was another choice . Let 's finish the repairs , Mike . Right . I find no trace of this helicopter . Continue scanning . I want the location of its base . Very well , Malduke . ( TURNS MONITOR ON ) Our scanning capability is limited . The cloud cover is nine-tenths over the entire Western Seaboard . ( BEEPING RAPIDLY ) You 're showing a slight pulse increase . Hey , lighten up , Jo . We 've come through worse than this . Sure we have . Let 's get through this one , okay ? Maintain absolute radio silence once you 're off the ground . We don 't want Malduke tracking your signal . You , uh , ready to rock steady ? When this is all over , you and I are going to have a long talk about a Company retirement plan . Mine . Damn it . It 's okay , kiddo . You 're the best . Don 't forget it . I won 't . Just keep the coffee hot . ( SIGHS ) Let 's go get ' em . It 's a good size freighter . I 'm not going to have time to cover it all . All right , so what 's the best bet ? Well , for maximum effect , the chargers and detonators will probably be placed midships , somewhere in the upper decks . It 's a gamble , but that 's where I 'd put it . A gamble ? What 's the odds ? Don 't ask . MALDUKE : ( ON MONITOR ) I wish to speak to Saint John Hawke . If I do not receive a response immediately , I will detonate the freighter . Respond on this channel immediately , Hawke . Repeat , immediately . Well , we can 't ignore that . We 'll have to make it fast . He might trace the signal . Malduke , this is Hawke 's superior officer . He was injured in aerial combat with your people yesterday . You will send for him now . He 's under heavy sedation , and the hospital is some distance away . You have 20 minutes to get him to a radio . There she is . Eight miles dead ahead . Better put it on whisper mode before that laser system picks us up . MIKE : Whisper mode engaged . She 's coming up . Booby traps . Trip wires on the deck and in the corridors . Satellite 's behind the horizon line . She 's all yours , Mike . Hover in position , and keep the wrist monitor open . Keep your powder dry , buddy . ( BEEPING ) ( WHISTLES ) Was that a good whistle or a bad whistle ? Don 't know yet . There 's explosives everywhere . I 'm gonna trace the wiring now . I 'll put you through now , Malduke . We should have heard from them by now . ( SIGHS ) MALDUKE : ( ON MONITOR ) If I do not receive a communication from Saint John Hawke in five minutes , I will detonate the freighter . ( BEEPING ) By my calculations , the satellite will be in range in 10 minutes . How 's it coming , Saint John ? I 've found the triggering device . It 's a Weisman system . Pull it up on the screen and patch it through . Now the hard part begins . MIKE : Patching through . We got no choice . We got to buy Saint John and Mike more time . Let 's raise him . JASON : ( OVER RADIO ) Malduke , Saint John Hawke is being brought to a radio now , but you must give us a few more minutes . Trace the location of this signal . This is not acceptable . Why is it taking so long ? He 's coming by ambulance . We expect it to arrive any minute . Why can a radio not be brought to him ? Saint John , the red wire . Almost blew it that time . Starting on the red wire now . Saint John , the satellite will have us in view in five minutes , 30 seconds . Damn it , I need more time . I promise you , Malduke , you will hear from Saint John Hawke any minute now . I have the signal traced . Is it near an airbase ? In the middle of the desert . Quickly ! Detonate the freighter . What ? Don 't you see ? It must be the secret base of this helicopter . If they are taking the risk of staying on the air long enough to be traced , the helicopter 's not there . Detonate the freighter ! Now ! Now ! Saint John , what 's wrong ? You okay ? Saint John ? Just barely . What does that mean ? That we 're luckier than hell . Someone hit the trigger just as I cut the wire . That was close . You 're damn right it was . That 's it , I 'm getting out . The next thing I pull the plug on 's going to be The Company . You mean it ? Watch me . Malduke . The satellite has the freighter in view . What are you talking about ? You detonated the freighter already . They must have disarmed the trigger . Prepare our team for departure . We have one more move to play . SAINT JOHN : Lady to base . Lady to base . Base here , Saint John . Mission accomplished , Jason . ( BOTH SIGH ) I 've raised the authorities on Wake Island . They 're on their way . Well done , gentlemen . I 'll pass the word upstairs . Lady out . Good morning , my friends . Yes , we tracked your transmission . Please , sleep again . You won 't be waiting much longer . Not in this world , I can assure you . ( LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY ) Leave me . All of you . Make your escape now . You are remaining , Malduke ? I have no desire to live in a world that is contaminated . Go . We have excellent seats for the final act . My men have rigged a network of lasers up there . When your Saint John Hawke returns and breaks the beam , there will be a very large explosion . A mountain will bury us for eternity . Fine gravestone , don 't you think ? ( LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY ) ( AIRWOLF APPROACHING ) Which of you is Hawke ? I 'm Hawke . MALDUKE : Ah , yes . You were a formidable opponent . But now , all I wish is an appropriate finale . For all of us . Get rid of those guns , Mr. Hawke . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) ( GROANS ) You bore me . MIKE : We ran a thermal scan and only picked up two life forms in the inside . Malduke blended in with the equipment . Lucky you two didn 't bring Airwolf in here or we 'd be history . Ah . Luck had nothing to do with that . When Malduke walked in , I switched on the radio transmitter . I never got a chance to tell you before they gagged us . You were on-the-air entertainment all the way in here . ( SIGHS ) Well , that 's the end of Malduke . Amen to that . I wouldn 't count on that , my friends .
