 Your job , Hawke , is to pick up Ambassador Reynolds . Airwolf is flying support for this mission , not decoy . ( GUNS FIRING ) General Lacey 's son is dead , you 're up on charges and you wanna talk about rules ? The defense calls General Wilbur Lacey . You leave him out of this . It 's too late for that , Coombs . I won 't allow it . Then I walk . Heavy ground fire . Looks like we 're expected . It wasn 't supposed to go down like this . What 's the package ? The ambassador to Colombia . He was kidnapped by guerillas three months ago . We 're getting him back . Coombs chopper outfit is a military unit . What are we doing here ? Strictly support . Telltale Leader , this is Telltale Ground . Package secure . Ready for pickup . Telltale Ground , Telltale Ground , this is Telltale Leader . You are to pop smoke . I have your LZ in sight . Roger , Telltale Ground . I have your smoke . COOMBS : Airwolf , Airwolf , Airwolf . SAINT JOHN : I read you , Telltale leader . COOMBS : Roger , Airwolf . You are to secure the package . Then proceed to Farmer 's Garden . Combat Team will complete Operation Telltale . Airwolf is flying support for this mission , not decoy . Your job , Hawke , is to pick up Ambassador Reynolds . You were Captain Courageous in the Mekong Delta but Combat team is my team , not your company 's . Listen , Coombs ... The ambassador is waiting . Telltale Two , Telltale Two , this is Telltale Leader . Prepare to pick up ground forces . Telltale Four , cover the retreat . Telltale Two going down . COOMBS : Roger , Telltale Two . Have no fear . Telltale Four is here . I 'll guard your flanks , boys . Do it , don 't jock about it , boy . ( CHUCKLES ) Going in for the pickup . Heavy ground fire . Telltale Leader , bring us support . COOMBS : We 've got you covered . Give us everything you got . Come on , Telltale Ground , move him closer . We better be quick . He doesn 't look like he 's going to make it . SAINT JOHN : And we 're out of here , Telltale Leader . Telltale Leader , this is Airwolf . We have the package and are heading for Farmer 's Garden . ( SINGING ) Man who shot Liberty Valance He shot Liberty Valance He was the greatest of them all Can the music , Lacey . We ain 't home free yet . That guy just never lets up . What is it with you and Coombs , anyway ? It 's a long story . We have time . No , we don 't . We 've got company . Two o 'clock . Incoming , right on your tail . Chaff ! You got it . Okay , buddy , come to papa . Coombs , this is Airwolf . MiG fighter destroyed en route to Farmer 's Garden . Watch your tail . Over . Roger that , Airwolf . Thanks . THOMPSON : Colonel , we have a Code Red . Ground fire . ( GUNS FIRING ) You son of a ... THOMPSON : Hey , what 's Coombs doing ? What the hell ? COOMBS : Brad , watch it ! JENNINGS : Oh , my God ! THOMPSON : Lacey 's hit . Mayday ! He 's going down ! Mayday ! JENNINGS : He 's out of control . Pull up ! What 's going on ? THOMPSON : Brad , get control . Pull up . Pull up ! Telltale Four ! Telltale Four ! Telltale Four ! Telltale Four ! Acknowledge ! Brad ! Brad ! Brad ! THOMPSON : Coombs hit Lacey . Did you see it ? Coombs hit Lacey ! JENNINGS : Yeah , I saw it . What the hell happened ? You still look out of place in uniform , even as a Reserve . Skip the niceties , and answer the question . You know what I never liked about you , Hawke , no discipline . You were good , probably the best flier I ever saw . But the rules , rules never got in your way , did they ? General Lacey 's son is dead , you 're up on charges and you wanna talk about rules ? I want you to defend me at the hearing tomorrow . You gotta be kidding . Look , Hawke , the whole damn Army knows that you and I can 't stand each other . But you also know my record . Well , I hope you got a plan B. Because there is no authority that can make me get involved in this . This is not orders . It 's a request . I 'm not a lawyer ! Look , Hawke , they gave me some green kid fresh out of law school . Now , you can 't do any worse . What 's this all about , Coombs ? I can 't tell you . But I do want you to know one thing . I 'm a believer , by the book . And very judge on that panel knows it because they are , too . The Army takes care of its own . Brad Lacey was one of their own . So be it . It 's in their hands . PRIEST : It has been said that old soldiers fade away . But what of young soldiers ? We must keep the memory of our departed brother , Lieutenant Bradley Frederick Lacey , near in our hearts , and remember him as man who loved his country . Like many others before him , he gave his life in the service of it . Amen . Major Hawke . Thank you for coming . I 'm truly sorry , General . Oh , I 've always despised these damn things . I thank God , Mrs. Lacey , bless her soul , was spared this . I want you to defend Coombs . General , I ... I know the reply , son . I want you to understand something . Steve Coombs is as much a son to me as Brad was . This is a father 's request , not a General 's . General , I wouldn 't know where to begin . Saint John , I love these two men . And now one is dead , the other ... He won 't talk to me , he won 't even look at me . Why me ? Your record is exemplary . Your honesty unassailable . And Steve asked for you . Well , Coombs always said I flew on the edge . But even though we were always at odds , there was a mutual respect . Thank you . Captain Parkinson is a topnotch lawyer . Young but competent . She 'll be assisting you in the preliminaries . If it should go to trial ... Well , we 'll cross that bridge . Let 's get one thing straight . I didn 't ask for this assignment . But I 'm gonna do my best to defend that bastard . But I 've been on this case for three days . And ? And ? What do you think ? What 's there to think ? The charges are voluntary manslaughter and criminal negligence . So far the man has offered no defense . No offense , but how many of these hearings have you participated in , Miss Parkinson ? I am a career officer in the United States Army . My name is Captain Parkinson , not Miss , not honey , not babe . Do you read me , Mr. Hawke ? That 's Major to you , Captain . It 's standard procedure for the defense and prosecution attorney to meet with the judge before trial . Who is the prosecutor ? I have it right here in my case . Ah , Captain Parkinson ... Good afternoon , sir . Major Hawke . I 'd like you to meet prosecuting attorney . We 've met . I was with the US Attorney 's office in Washington for two years before joining the Company . And since I was on the mission , I guess I was the logical choice . Well , I certainly had no idea you 'd be on the other side . Neither did I. The Company wants this thing wrapped up quickly . It 's messy . But not at the expense of a fair trial . Of course not . But let 's face it , there really isn 't any issue about the outcome of this one . He didn 't do it , Jason . I 've talked to all the witnesses , I 've reviewed all the evidence and I 've read Coombs ' statement . He 's as guilty as hell . Steve Coombs may be a lot of things but he 's not a murderer . And you 're not a lawyer . You 're damn right ! But I flew with him and despite his lack of social graces , he was one hell of a soldier . He 's a soldier with one hell of a case against him . ( SCOFFS ) And he doesn 't even wanna defend himself . Well , I guess , unless you flew with him , you just can 't understand . So , you flew with him . You 're gonna introduce that as evidence in court ? That and anything else it takes . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) Compliments of Lidia . Thank you . Thank you . Hi ! How you doing ? You all right ? Lidia , my dear . Brewskies in a bucket , por favor . That 's Thompson and Jennings . The very same . Major Hawke , sir ! Gentlemen , I 've been trying to reach you for the last three days . We have contact , sweet thing . Back off , peaches . Now , I want all three of you to report to me in my office tomorrow at 1100 hours . Come on , even the big co-pilot in the sky takes Sundays off . Not when your commander 's career is at stake . The man 's a machine . He doesn 't need or want our help . The man 's in trouble . It 's trouble of his own making . How can you be like that when a member of your own team has just been killed ? Brad was a nice kid and I 'm sorry he 's dead . But what 's done is done . You know , Thompson , your attitude stinks . ( PARKINSON GASPS ) Come on , get out of here ! Get out of here . Sorry about that , Lidia . He deserved it . Besides , it 's been dull since Brad died . Come on , everybody . Drinks on the house . Drinks on the house . Be right with you . And then what happened , Sergeant ? Colonel Coombs ' chopper just veered left . Into Lieutenant Lacey . That 's right . And you were filming at the time ? Yes , sir . But when I was hit , the camera and the film were lost . Would you say your view of the incident was unobstructed ? Absolutely . From what you could see , was there any apparent reason whatsoever , for Colonel Coombs to have made such a maneuver . None . Thank you . No further questions . Saint John , that camera can 't be bigger than a pencil box . Do you have the coordinates ? Yeah , yeah , it happens to be jungle . Just imagine you 're looking for a clean pair of socks in your apartment . Very funny . Captain Thompson , you were flying third in formation , which would put you right here . Is that correct ? THOMPSON : Correct . Did you see anything ? Yes . Would you please tell the court ? Telltale mission had been a blue . A blue , Captain ? A success . Colonel Coombs had ordered Felix Formation , what you see diagrammed there . LOCKE : Anything unusual about that ? No . Standard defensive maneuver . So the Combat team was heading for home . What happened next ? Colonel Coombs ' aircraft veered hard to left into Lieutenant Lacey . Was Colonel Coombs ' hard left turn standard defensive maneuver ? It was not . Lieutenant Lacey was forced to take radical defensive action . LOCKE : From what you saw , did it appear , that Colonel Coombs flew intentionally into Lieutenant Lacey 's aircraft ? Sir , this man doesn 't know what Colonel Coombs intended . JUDGE : But he can draw inferences from what he observed . Overruled . Proceed . Yes , sir . It did appear intentional . LOCKE : Lieutenant Jennings , do you have any opinion as to why Colonel Coombs would ram Brad Lacey ? No , sir , I do not . Lieutenant , I understand there is a code of silence that Army pilots adhere to . And I respect that . But it is an Army pilot who 's lost his life here . He deserves your loyalty also . ( SIGHS ) A few nights before the mission , some of us were at Lidia 's . It 's a bar a couple of miles off base . Colonel Coombs was there . So was Brad . They were arguing . What were they arguing about ? I 'm not sure , but , during the fight , Colonel Coombs told Lieutenant Lacey , that if he didn 't stop ... He said he would kill Lieutenant Lacey . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) ( GAVEL BANGING ) MAN : He 's guilty . WOMAN : Can you believe this ? So , Colonel Coombs said that he would kill Brad Lacey if he didn 't stop . Stop what , Lieutenant ? I don 't know . Thank you , Lieutenant Jennings . Thank you for doing your duty . The prosecution rests . A short recess , sir . Well , it 's after 1600 hours now . We 'll adjourn for the day to reconvene tomorrow at 0900 hours . Court is adjourned . Give us a minute . You 've got to take the stand , Colonel . No , I can 't do that . What are you afraid of ? I was raised with that boy . Now he 's gone and I can 't change that . What happened up there , Coombs ? He 's dead and that 's all I 'm gonna tell you . Come on , baby . Mike , you have such a way with women . Women , words . Just wait till you see what I do with computers . Just keep her steady , Jo . I 'm holding . I 'm holding . Bingo ! Winch activated . MIKE : Going down . JO : Let 's hope that camera is still in one piece . Have you got it ? MIKE : Almost . Damn it ! JO : Uh-oh ! We got company . MIKE : Great timing guys . I 'll increase the electromagnetic voltage . Just do it fast . If we have to change position , we 'll lose it . Got it . JO : I 'm reeling it in . MIKE : If they hit that camera , we 're sunk . Safe and sound . Great . Let 's do the same for us . So , you still think he 's innocent , don 't you ? Yeah , I do . Don 't you ? Nope . Nor does your friend , Locke . So , I am the only one that believes Coombs didn 't do it . Then what happened up there ? What 's he trying to hide ? I don 't know . But I do know he 's an honorable man . You gotta believe that honor means everything to him . Okay . But even if you 're right , that 's no reason for him to surrender , and that 's what he 's doing . I don 't buy that . Yesterday in court , he relived that whole tragedy and he really hurt . Well , that 's still no reason for him to roll over . Maybe it is . If he 's protecting someone . Like Brad . Thank you , Sergeant . This is ridiculous . We don 't even know what we 're looking for . It 's like trying to find a needle in a haystack . ( SCREAMING ) You all right ? Yeah . Yeah , I 'm okay . I found something . We ran a computer check on our friend here . He 's Oscar Mendoza . A civilian gardener who works on the base . A few arrests for petty theft . There 's nothing here . SAINT JOHN : There must be 30 units in that complex and you pick a dead man 's to rob ? Just dumb luck , I guess . I don 't think so , Mendoza . What were you looking for ? If you tell us , we can help you . I don 't need no help from you . I 'm a civilian , man . That means I get tried in a civilian court . I 'll be out on bail in 24 hours . He 's right , and you 're reaching . You got a problem with that ? I got a problem with you looking everywhere but at Coombs for Brad Lacey 's killer . Well , maybe if you quit going by the book for one minute and give some thought to the people involved , you 'd solve your problem . The defense may begin its case . Call your first witness . The defense calls General Wilbur Lacey . ( WHISPERS ) What the hell do you think you 're doing ? This wasn 't in the game plan . If Coombs won 't speak for himself , we 'll get the man who knows him best to speak for him . You leave him out of this . It 's too late for that , Coombs . I won 't allow it . Then I walk . Major ? The defense calls General Lacey . General Lacey , you 've seen Colonel Coombs under fire , you know him as a soldier . I do . Please tell the court about Steve Coombs , the soldier , the officer , the leader . I would be proud to have Colonel Coombs as a member of any unit I command . You , in fact , named him in-flight commander of the Combined Basic Assault Team . I did . Why , General ? Why Coombs ? At this time , the Combat team , essentially , is in a constant state of war against terrorism . Colonel Coombs is a man who thrives on that pressure . How so ? He is a fighting machine . He , his aircraft , his weapons , his team , he sees them all as one . Objection , sir . We are all well aware of Colonel Coombs ' past record . But it is irrelevant to the present charges . Colonel Coombs is charged with an act which is absolutely contrary to his past record . His character and his accomplishments couldn 't be more relevant . I agree . Objection overruled . Colonel Coombs is tough on his team . No tougher than he is on himself . If he has one flaw , that is it . He 's tough , but fair with his men . Has he ever let you or your team down in battle ? Objection , sir . Prior to this incident . No . Considering all that you 've testified to here today , all that you know of the man , do you believe that Steve Coombs intentionally downed your son ? Brad had made some mistakes but he was shaping up . ( INHALES ) Brad was a good man and he was becoming a good soldier . I respected him for that , just as I respected Steve Coombs . But ... I loved them both as sons . Don 't ask me to choose between them , Major . I 'm sick to death with the whole thing . Coombs was a tough piece of leather . Maybe too tough . But he deserves better than this after what he 's given those bastards . You mean Thompson and Jennings ? And the rest . He took a bunch of floppy-eared puppies and turned them into fighting men . You have to admit , Thompson is one hell of a flier . Thompson and the others are fanatics . They see themselves as the elite , the best and the brightest . It 's their mission to rid themselves of weak links , like Brad . What are you saying ? They wanted him out . Brad was a screw-up . He got onto the team on his father 's wings and the team resented Coombs ' covering for him . Why not just report Brad ? He was a coward , a gambler , always scrounging money but he was also the General 's son . Well , if Coombs and Brad were so close , then what was all this fighting about ? Maybe Coombs finally had enough of Brad , too . I don 't know . ( EXCLAIMS SOFTLY ) ( SIGHS ) Man , there is nothing here . I have an idea . That 's more like it . What would two men fight over ? There 's gotta be something in here . Well , if your buddy , Coombs would tell us something , then we wouldn 't have to play Dick Tracy like this . Yeah , well , why don 't we get started ? You take the bedroom and I 'll look in here . No ! Why don 't you take the bedroom and I 'll start in here . Did anybody ever tell you that you 're beautiful when you 're a pain ... Search . Allie . Did you find something ? What do you make of this ? It 's stopped up . Uh-huh . And here 's the stopper . Looks like it 's been dripping for days . Probably since Brad died . Yeah . This is heavyweight stuff . A combat plan to attack and destroy three munitions stockades in Central America , dates , times , locations . Do you know what this means ? Yeah , Brad Lacey was a traitor . No wonder Coombs took the fall . He was protecting the General . This would kill him . Well , this just ruins our case . We 've just hung our client . What is it ? Well , he 's gone . Gone ? Coombs ? He managed to take out his guard and somehow got hold of a chopper . Innocent men don 't run , Hawke . SAINT JOHN : Where was he headed ? MIKE : He was last seen north northwest from the place where he stole the chopper . He 's headed for Twenty-Nine Palms . Damn ! The missile testing grounds . SAINT JOHN : Coombs , come in , Coombs ! Answer me , damn it ! Standby . I think I got him coming up on the scope . And coordinates locked . You 're flying into restricted airspace , Coombs . For God 's sake , talk to me ! Run a check on ground activity in the area . Way ahead of you . I know about the Ring , Coombs . I 'm picking up readings of a maneuver in progress . MAN ON PA : All personnel , clear launch area ! All personnel , clear launch area ! Surface to air missile testing commences in T-minus 30 seconds and counting . Coombs , come in . I know you can hear me . I don 't want a confrontation , Hawke . In about 20 seconds , you 're going to get one . You 'll be blown to bits . You can 't run away from it . I 'm not running . I 'm just doing the only thing I know how to do . MAN ON PA : Test site is secure , drones are airborne . T-minus 20 seconds and counting . You can 't win this way , Coombs . Well , that 's the hell of it , isn 't it ! If we don 't turn around , this test site is gonna have two new drones . Turn around , Coombs . What do you think you 'll accomplish by this ? I 'm a flier , Hawke , not a speechmaker , and I know that I gotta crash and burn but I ain 't got to take all that BS down below . All you have to do is tell us what happened . ( SIGHS ) I already told you . I can 't do that . Fire . I 've got three incoming missiles . Sunburst , coming up . One down . Another missile is right on Coombs ' tail . Let 's take it . Give me turbos , Mike . You got it ! Ooh , this one has our name on it . Use the sunburst . Temporarily out of stock ! I better try something else fast ! Hang on . It 's still dogging us . You dragged me into this , Coombs . You and all that talk about being a soldier , a believer , going by the rules . We can 't shake this one . Was that all BS too , Coombs ? If it was , you can blow me out of the air right now , but , by God , that 's what you 'll have to do before I let you leave this unfinished . That 's a nice shot . We 're even now . And thanks . But , sir ... Counsel , your client has escaped . He has left himself without defense . Major Hawke , what is the meaning of this ? Sir , we 've wasted enough of the court 's time . I move that the defense rest and a verdict rendered . I 'm sorry , sir , but there are extenuating circumstances . Yes , we 'd like to request a short recess , sir . But there will be no further delays . Am I understood ? Yes , sir . Thank you , sir . Prosecution motion denied . Reconvene at 1500 hours . ( GAVEL BANGS ) What 's going on ? I can 't tell you right now . But don 't let him out of your sight . ( SIGHS ) Here they are . We 've got a little over two hours to run these through ballistics . Think you can you do it ? Two hours ? Yeah , I think I can do it . Let 's go . This is a film of the incident involving Colonel Coombs and Lieutenant Lacey taken by the Army photographer . That 's Lieutenant Lacey on the left , and Colonel Coombs on the right . Where were you ? I was out of frame on the upper right . Now , you 've already testified that Colonel Coombs ' helicopter veered into Brad Lacey without any provocation whatsoever . The picture tells the story . Watch the screen , sir . SAINT JOHN : Now this is a computer-enhanced image of the film we 've just seen . It brings up images which the human eye cannot detect . The timer reads .39 seconds . That 's.39 seconds between the time that Colonel Coombs veered into Brad Lacey and this burst appears in the upper right of the frame . Where you 've already testified that your helicopter was flying formation . THOMPSON : So ? What is that burst ? I have no idea . You 're a liar , Thompson . Objection ! The defense is harassing the witness . I will allow you to proceed , Major . But I caution you as to the seriousness of an accusation of perjury . You had better be able to back it up . Yes , sir . I 'll ask you again , Captain . What is this burst ? And I told you , I don 't know ! It 's machine gunfire , Thompson . The mission was a blue ! The enemy had been contained on the ground . You weren 't firing at the enemy , Captain . You were firing on Brad Lacey . ( ALL MURMURING ) ( GAVEL BANGING ) Order ! Colonel Coombs veered into your line of fire to protect Brad . Not to force him down . What , because there 's little white dots on your computer , I 'm a murderer ? Get off it , Hawke . Do you recognize these , Captain ? Not specifically , no . These are standard 7.62 millimeter rounds that each combat machine-gun uses , right ? Yeah , they look like it . I 'm going to ask you one more time , Thompson . Did you fire on Brad Lacey ? This is craziness . You 're right . These were taken from the skids of Coombs ' aircraft this morning . They 're from your guns . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) But you weren 't alone in this ... This conspiracy . The whole team , except for Coombs , was in on it . And what about Colonel Coombs ? Why didn 't he expose this crime ? The fight between Coombs and Brad , was about the Ring , wasn 't it , Captain ? I have no idea what you 're talking about . Operation The Ring . Brad Lacey was being paid to sell information to the enemy . He was a traitor . You and the others found out about it , and then after blowing him away , you hired Oscar Mendoza , to steal this back for you ! The General was a father and a mentor to Steve Coombs . Coombs would rather have cut off his arm or given up his career than have Brad 's treason exposed in court and disgrace the old man . And you let him ! You stood by and let your commander sacrifice himself ! Brad Lacey was suspect in battle . A coward , wasn 't he ? Yes . You and the others demanded that he resign his appointment to the team . But he refused . Were you elected to carry out the execution or was yours just to be the first blow , the others to follow like the murderers of Caesar ? So you murdered him in cold blood . You and your precious elite team planned it out . You waited till Brad was alone in a helicopter and then you shot him down ! He was a danger to us all ! To the team ! ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) Coombs would never let a son of General Lacey 's wash out . There was no other way ! And you were willing to use the honor of Steve Coombs , to cover your bloody tracks . But Brad Lacey is not on trial here . Steve Coombs is . And because he loves General Lacey as a father , and as a General , you knew he 'd play the scapegoat . When I was a soldier , I thought I could recognize evil . And I fought it . Now I 'm faced with this diabolical plot , this perverse code of silence , so that these men , this elite team , could maintain its standard , no matter what the cost . And everything that Steve Coombs stood for , believed in ... Honor , loyalty , truth , was used against him . Steve Coombs was not the assailant . He was the victim . So was General Lacey , Brad , ( SIGHS ) And so are all of us . Damn , I hate to lose . You didn 't lose , Jason . You did your job . What do you say we go get a beer ? You 're on . Losers buy .
