 Jorex and I want to defect to Earth : [ Narrator ] Buck runs a race against time and death : : : To help an Olympic star and the girl he loves escape from a life of slavery : - What is it ? - Leave me alone : - What 's wrong ? - No ! Alaric controls the impulse that activates Jorex 's brain : - He 's a walking bomb : - [ Loud Explosion ] Kill him : : : Now : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Chattering ] [ Man On P : A : , Indistinct ] Good morning and welcome to the 2492 Interplanetary Olympic Games : We 're here on the lovely planet Mykos in the Hypernia system , and with me is Antonious Daven , better known as Mr : 28 : A man who is always going someplace in a hurry ... in a fast hovercraft and with some pretty fast company : And on my fast feet : [ Chuckles ] And I might add too , the fastest in the galaxy : What is your strategy for the games , Antonious ? Who needs strategy ? We 're just gonna do what we always do , run fast : [ Chuckles ] Sounds good to me : We 're talking with Matt Brine , gold medal winner in the ... Hey : Wait a minute , man : This is my interview : I 'm the star here : The gold medal winner in the horizontal ... How are you doing ? Well , what a surprise : We 've just been joined by a man known throughout the galaxy ... That 's the universe : A man who won three medals in last year 's Olympiad : Two golds and a silver : Holl Headedson from Simpian : Remember , that 's two golds and a silver : I 'm the favorite : And that 's nothing compared to what I 'm going to do this time : Are we still shooting ? [ Applause ] And here we have a sonic boxer : Are you kidding ? They 're big : A runner then ? Tumbler ? A gymnast of some kind ? Well , what is your event ? The gravity pull : A weight lifter : But why are you jumping rope ? Why not ? It 's easier than pulling weights : They 're heavy : [ Short Chuckle ] Makes sense : [ Man On P : A : ] Practice sessions for the 2492 Olympic Games have concluded : All athletes are to report to their sleeping chambers : [ High-pitched Tone ] Jorex ? Lara , it 's been so long : Oh , Jorex : I was so afraid that I was never going to see you again : We 've heard about such terrible things happening on Loziria : And I thought ... [ Crying ] No : They won 't hurt me : Not yet , anyway : The Satrap needs my gold medal in the games : And after the games ? After the games , we 'll be gone : : : To a place where no one will ever find us : [ Quietly ] Oh , Jorex : How ? I don 't know : But there must be a way : Now , we can 't meet here again : My quarters ? Tomorrow , after morning practice : Lara , we will escape : Believe me : I do : I love you : I love you too : The symbol of the Olympic Games in my century : I 've been asked to present it to the Olympic Committee on Mykos before the games begin : That 's really quite an honor , Buck : The Olympiad has been a noble concept for thousands of years : It should really be quite exciting : It 'll make a great vacation , especially since you love sports : [ Chirping ] All ready to go , Buck : All right : I think it oughta be a lot of fun : Why don 't you come along , Wilma ? I 'd love to , but I 've got a Centaurans meeting on Wednesday , a Security Council dance Thursday night and a Directorate caucus on Friday : - Well , don 't say I didn 't ask : - [ Laughs ] With your presentation and Dr : Theopolis representing the Directorate , we 'll probably be glued to the holovision : Of course , and it 'll be just like being there : : : Maybe better : Well , there 's nothing better than being at the Olympics , except maybe the opening of the World Series : [ Both Laugh Halfheartedly ] Hmm : Well , let 's hit the road , Twiki : Take good care of the place while I 'm gone , will ya ? Have fun , Buck : [ Chirping ] There it is : Jorex , you should go : If they find that you 're missing ... I don 't care : I 'm tired of taking orders from Alaric and the rest of those idiots : - How dare you : - You are forbidden to enter these quarters : - You 've been warned : - You are forbidden to enter these quarters : Lara , don 't : And if you don 't ... It won 't do any good : I 'm ready to go : You 'll forgive the interruption : [ Man On P : A : , Indistinct ] Please check in with the starter : [ Audience Cheering ] [ Man On P : A : ] Has just set a new galactic record in the 40-kilometer steeple chase : : : With a time of two hours , 21 minutes : [ Continues , Indistinct ] The Olympics have sure changed since my time , Twiki : Used to be thousands of people jammed the stadium : Now this : [ People Cheering ] [ Chirping ] Well , it sounds like a crowd : [ Theo ] Those responder units broadcast millions of voices : : : From hundreds of planets all over the galaxy : [ Buck ] Yeah : It 's still not the same : [ Theo ] That 's Jorex Leet from Loziria : He 's the vertical leap gold medal champion from the last Olympics : I 've seen some high-jumping in my time , but that 's something else : Let 's take a closer look : Hiya : [ Clears Throat ] My name 's Buck Rogers : I 've been watching you jump : You guys really get up there , don 't ya ? In my day , a jump of eight , eight and a half feet was considered pretty good : You guys must go over 20 feet : Members of the Lozirian team are not allowed to speak to outworlders : - [ Man On P : A : ] The Itheria gymnasts ... - What 's the matter ? - [ Continues , Indistinct ] - What is it ? - Leave me alone : - Well , what 's wrong ? Maybe ... Go ! Now : [ Breathing Heavily ] Go : ! The one talking toJorex Leet , who is he ? He is Captain Buck Rogers , a Terran : I want to know exactly what he 's doing here and why he is talking to him : Yes , sir : We cannot be too careful : The Satrap himself contacted me this morning : His orders were very , very clear : I am to ensure the victory ofJorex Leet , no matter what the cost : Nothing and no one is going to stop me : Hello : I 'm Lara Tizian : The astrosled champion : Well , it 's a real pleasure : My name is ... - Captain Buck Rogers of New Chicago : - That 's right : How did you know ? I saw you presenting the flag to the Olympic Committee today : It was a very moving gesture : Thank you : So now what ? Just enjoying the sights : May I suggest you enjoy them with me , Captain Rogers ? I was just about to test-drive my astrosled through the course : - The view is wonderful : - Sounds great : Stay out of trouble , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Okay , Buck : This way : [ Chirps ] Can 't see the forest for the knees around here : Why don 't you watch where you 're going , short stuff ? Why don 't you pick on somebody your own size ? Because there 's no one around here my own size : But you might be : Yeah , I plan to tomorrow night : Tomorrow night , you 're going to be kissing canvas , friend : [ Chirps ] Uh , don 't let me come between you guys : So , let 's go right over here : She 's a beauty , isn 't she ? I 'm very proud of her : Careful : Go this way : Come right around the front : You 're going to watch your step : Step on the power lifter : And , uh , after you : Sure : You can just give me a hand in : Sure : There : [ Lock Hisses ] Ready ? Ready as I 'll ever be : [ Engine Powers Up ] This reminds me of the bobsled event back in my time : Bobsled ? Yeah : It was basically the same principal as astrosledding , just instead of sliding through ice curves , you slide through force fields : Force fields , Captain Rogers , which you can 't see : You have to feel your way through them : [ Sighs ] And if you run into one straight on , it can very messy : Oh , I can imagine : As a matter of fact , Captain Rogers , why don 't you try it yourself ? Go ahead : The next three are yours : Take over : Wait a minute : I don 't have a license to drive one of these things : [ Lara ] Easy : Easy , easy : Just feel your way through it : Oh , yeah : That was a tricky one there : Coming up is where you 'll get your speed : Uh-huh : Mmm : Has some surprises in this thing , doesn 't it ? Absolutely : Very well done , Captain Rogers : You know , I think we might make an astrosledder out of you yet : You mean that 's it ? I was just getting the hang of it : Well , we 're through with the course , but I thought we might pull into orbit and take in the view of Mykos : All right ? Sounds fine to me : I 'll drive : Our agent informs us that Captain Rogers is here by invitation of the Olympic Committee : An honored guest , it seems : That 's very interesting : That makes it necessary to examine the motives of this Tizian woman more closely : Shejust took Captain Rogers up in her astrosled : Have a vid-sensor concealed in her room immediately : You know , this really isn 't like me : Oh ? Being so forward : I hope it doesn 't embarrass you : No , not at all : The view 's beautiful : The company 's charming : Buck : May I call you that ? Certainly : [ Sighs ] Buck , you are a very attractive man : Well , thank you : You 're a very beautiful woman : You have a very kind face : It 's very sensitive : And I may be wrong , but I trusted you from the moment I first saw you in the stadium : I knew that you were someone that I could talk to : : : And be comfortable with : I 'm glad you feel that way : [ Shaky Breath ] Are you all right ? Yes : It 's just so very nice to be here with you : It feels very safe : Lara , why did you bring me up here ? Because I need to talk to somebody : What is it ? What 's wrong ? Oh , Buck , you 've got to help me : Please , help me : [ Sobbing ] Jorex and I first met at the Olympiad on Ramu : Then we fell in love : Please : But , afterwards , they forced him to return to Loziria : So , now the only time we see each other is at the different intergalactic games : Buck , we still love each other very much , and we want to be together : But an Alpha likeJorex is not allowed to marry an alien : : : Like me : And now they 're starting to useJorex as a symbol in their political struggles : If he doesn 't perform for them , the Satrap will have him executed : Why doesn 't he try to escape ? He 's bound to have many chances : - They have him watched constantly : That and the disharmonizer : - The what ? Every Lozirian Alpha is implanted with a microscopic molecular disharmonizer in their brain : And Alaric controls the impulse that activates Jorex 's : - The headaches : - Yes : Whenever Alaric thinks thatJorex needs a reminder of who his master is , he hurts him : Buck , Jorex and I want to defect : : : - To Earth : - There is a plan : [ Buck ] It could be very dangerous : [ Lara ] But there have been other defections that have succeeded : Then Jorex can do it too , with your help : But he 's going to try , Buck , even without it : All right : I 'll see what I can do : First priority is to get this cleared through the Directorate : Then we 've got to figure out a way to get both you and Jorex out ofhere : Buck : Thank you : Jorex Leet wouldn 't dare try to escape : But with Rogers 's help , you heard what he said : Forget what he said : Lara Tizian 's life is our guarantee that Leet will do precisely what I tell him to : Now , bring her to me : Buck , the Lozirian Satrap will stop at nothing to maintain his supremacy : Jorex 's defection , it won 't be an easy matter : Yes , but can you offer him asylum on Earth ? We 're always open to political refugees : You 'll have our full support : Great : That 's all I needed to know : Rogers out : Do you remember that Lozirian expatriate we took in last year ? Zogan , the athlete : Yes : I 'm going to get him in here : He might have some information that could help Buck : [ Whirring ] Careful : They 'll never escape : The odds are too great : - You did : - Yes : But you 've got to understand that Jorex is virtually a political prisoner : The Satrap will do anything to keep from losing his control over him : Even kill him : Zogan , whatever our opinions , Jorex and Lara Tizian are going to try to defect , and we want to help them : Now , can you think of anything helpful , uh , a weakness anywhere ? [ Exhales ] Lozirians are careful : Methodical : They have to be : The penalties for making a mistake are too severe : Probably Alaric 's sole weakness is an area that doesn 't even matter : - And what 's that ? - He 's known to have a crippling weakness for women of all persuasions : He uses exos to win them and keep them under his spell : What is exos ? It 's a powerful Lozirian chemosteroid : Our athletes have used it for centuries to help build physical development : Coincidentally , it 's been known to have a rather persuasive effect on females : Well , how can that help us ? I 'm not sure : But since Alaric controls Jorex 's disharmonizer , it 's absolutely essential to get to him if any escape plan 's gonna work : Getting Jorex out alive isn 't going to be easy , Doctor : No , it doesn 't appear so : I wanna go to Mykos : I wanna be there in case Buck needs any help : Well , you certainly have my permission : Prepare to leave immediately : [ Man On P : A : ] And a new course record of 24 : 28 seconds : The Directorate has offered to giveJorex any help they can , including asylum on Earth : - Buck , that 's wonderful : - Have you had a chance to speak to him about all this ? I haven 't been able to get near him since yesterday : The Tizian woman 's surprise is ready ? Oh , yes , sir : Fine : Now we must create an interesting diversion for Captain Buck Rogers : A boxing lesson : Mm-hmm : We need to find out exactly what his schedule is : That 's not going to be easy with Alaric watching him all the time : We 'll come up with something : [ No Audible Dialogue ] - When 's your race ? - My race : Right after the vertical distance leap : Hmm : All we have to do is find a way to getJorex to your sled : If the timing is right , I can rendezvous with the two of you on the other side of the force field course : Now get something straight , Rogers : You don 't talk to me , you don 't talk to her either : You understand ? Jorex , please : - You 're making a mistake : - There 's no mistake about what 's going on here : I can see it clear across the stadium : Get your hands off of me ! Keep clear , Jorex : We 're going to give Buck Rogers a sonic boxing lesson : I 'll give my own lessons : Please , gentlemen : Don 't fight over me : I can 't stand violence : - Hate to see a man outnumbered : - That makes two of us : [ Chirping ] Three of us : Now , I think we should talk : I couldn 't agree with you more : Get the woman as quickly as possible : Yes , sir : Colonel Deering : I told you the Satrap was desperate to keepJorex under his control : - I didn 't realize how desperate he was : - What do you mean ? I 've learned that they 're prepared to kill him rather than see him escape : Alaric has made a special modification in Jorex 's disharmonizer : He now has the capability of destroying the subcellular atomic bonds in Jorex 's brain : He can reduceJorex ... and anyone within a half-kilometer radius ... to space dust : In other words , Dr : Huer , Jorex has become a living bomb : [ Door Beeps ] Well , hello : [ Whirring ] I 'm afraid I didn 't order anything : Please accept this gift from an admirer : Oh : What a lovely fragrance : - Is it from Jorex ? - It is not from Jorex : Excuse me : [ Chirping ] Road hog : She 's not answering : That 's strange : It certainly is : Ms : Tizian knew we were coming over to discuss Jorex 's defection : Something 's wrong : Twiki , do your stuff : [ Beeping ] Very good , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Yecch ! The odor is zemdon , a powerful anesthetic used exclusively on Loziria : Alaric 's found out about the defection : He 's got Lara : Come on , Twiki : It 's done , Deputy Minister : Thank you : Wilma , what are you doing here ? Hi , Buck : Dr : Huer and I spoke with Eric Zogan , the Lozirian defector that 's living on Earth : He told us thatJorex has a brain implant : Yeah : The molecular disharmonizer : Most of the Lozirians have them : Yes , but his has been modified to blow him and everyone around him to pieces : He 's a walking bomb : When it rains , it pours : [ Sighs ] Alaric has kidnapped Lara Tizian : Now this : Jorex knows Alaric : Maybe he can come up with some kind of a clue as to where he 's hiding her : It 's a good idea : It 's worth a try : [ Chirping ] What about the bomb ? We have to deactivate that detonator without Alaric knowing : If we could deactivate it or just take it , what difference does it make if he knows that we 've done it ? A very big difference : If he finds out we 've deactivated it or taken it , he 'll surround Jorex with a hundred people ... we 'll never get him out of here : Well , if you can tell me how to find Alaric , I think I 've got an idea on how to get the detonator : Well , he carries it on his body : How are you going to get that close ? Well , Dr : Huer and I had a very interesting discussion with Zogan about Alaric : This is what we came up with : Who are you ? What are you doing here ? Well , everybody 's been talking about the Lozirian exos , and ... well , I just thought that I ... You 're Caruthian : You 've been enlisted to entertain at the Olympiad , correct ? Uh-huh : You 've heard of the infamous Lozirian exos ? Please , don 't turn me in to the authorities : Perhaps we could make , uh , some other kind of arrangements ? Perhaps : [ Sighs ] You will remember nothing but that you had the time of your life : Buck , we 've got to find her : Alaric knows we 've discovered Lara 's missing : He 's going to be watching every move you make : If you make one wrong move ... I 'm going to try to find her , but I 'm going to need your help : Well , of course : Where does Alaric go on Mykos ? You know , bars , restaurants , spas ? No : He has an apartment in the recreation complex : The Omega Suite : It 's on the second level : Nobody there asks any questions : Then that 's where I 'm gonna go look for her : Jorex , I understand how you feel : But , please , don 't try to help Lara now : Understand ? Yeah : [ Theo ] I advise extreme caution , Twiki : - What do your scans indicate , Theo ? - A relatively simple transmitting device : : : That utilizes low-frequency zeta waves : The speed of these waves is approximately five times the speed of sound , or about 1,660 meters per second : [ Chirping ] Something 's giving : [ High-pitched Tone ] - What is it ? - The detonator is equipped with a safeguard system : : : Designed to destroy the detonator and Jorex if it is tampered with : The sound is a first-stage warning : Then we can 't deactivate it ? I 'm afraid that is impossible : Then I 've got to take it back toJorex before he wakes up : - He can 't know that it 's gone : - [ Chirping ] Stuck again : [ Theo ] Colonel Deering , we may have failed to neutralize the detonator , but my sensors indicate a useful solution for later on : - What is that ? - The zeta waves are incapable : : : Of penetrating the stargate configuration : Since they travel at relatively slow speeds , ifJorex could get through the stargate ... Before Alaric realizes that he 's missing and activates the detonator , - the pulse would never reach him : - Precisely , Colonel : Well , I 'll be taking the detonator back : I shouldn 't be gone longer than half an hour : [ Man On P : A : ] In the sonic boxing pit , moving into the second round , eliminations are Hollin Roberts from Reza 2 and Lex Bodin from Centaur 5 : Lara : Buck , how 'd you find me ? Never mind that : I 've got to get you out of here : [ Beeps , Whirs ] Come on : We haven 't much time : Thank you for coming , Captain Rogers : We were planning on you joining our party : I 've even brought you some more presents : You see this ? It 's an authentic Lozirian ice cloud : As heat rises , so cold descends : This entire room , including both of you , will be the temperature of deep space in a matter of minutes : Enjoy it : It 's a once-in-a lifetime experience : I 've heard of people being put on ice before , but this is ridiculous : Buck , I 'm so cold : Yeah , the temperature must be below freezing in here already : [ Shivering ] What are you looking for ? A mirror : Let me have your necklace : [ Whimpers ] [ Shivering ] Buck , it 's getting colder : - Almost got it : - Buck , what are you doing ? A little trick shooting : Two ball , one rail : Side pocket : [ Lara Gasps ] [ Door Beeps ] - What are you doing here ? - Well , the minister called me to his room : Oh , another one : Go : He 's not as pleasant when he awakens : I was counting on neutralizing that detonator : It was essential : We 're right back where we started again : There might be a chance : There 'll be about 10 minutes between the end ofJorex 's competition and the awards presentation : We can use that time : : : And the information Theo gave us concerning the detonator : It just might work : Lara , you 're going to have to get to your astrosled and be ready to roll : - But don 't let Alaric or Karl see you : - Right : Twiki , tellJorex to go directly to the astrosled : : : As soon as he finishes his competition , not before : [ Chirping ] Gotcha , Buck : Lara , Jorex will be in the astrosled with you : I 'll pick you up at the halfway point just beyond the force field course : We 'll race for the stargate in the starfighter : You want me to get the detonator back , don 't you ? Yeah : Only this time it doesn 't matter if Alaric finds out : - Is everyone clear on their assignments ? - I 'm wondering if I might be of some assistance : What do you have in mind , Theo ? My internal receivers allow me to monitor the zeta wave pulses from the detonator : The moment Alaric activates it , I will be aware of it : All right , Theo : I only hope it doesn 't become necessary : Let 's get crackin ' : Good luck , Wilma : [ Door Slides Closed ] - Oh , thank God you 're there : - Indeed I am : To what do I owe the pleasure of this call ? Well , um , I was in the rec compound this afternoon : : : After leaving your quarters , and I overheard something that I think you should know about : - Tell me what you heard : - Oh , no : Not over the vid-phone : It has something to do with the plot against you , Deputy : Um , shouldn 't I come to your quarters ? - No : Where are you now ? - Compound Seven-A , Unit 4 : Wait for me : I 'll be there in 30 minutes : [ Man On P : A : ] The gymnasts from Remas 1 are about to begin their floor exercises : [ No Audible Dialogue ] [ Man On P : A : ] The 15-kilometer run is about to begin : I 'm going to the stadium floor to watch Jorex 's competition : You go to the woman , stay with her until I arrive : It 's imperative that I talk to her : [ Door Beeps ] [ Chirping ] All set with Jorex , Buck : [ Crowd Cheering ] [ Cheering Intensifies ] [ Man On P : A : ] NowJorex Leet from Loziria : The winner , Jorex Leet : The vertical leap intergalactic champion : Well done : Report to my quarters immediately following the ceremony : We have things to discuss : [ Man On P : A : , Indistinct ] [ Door Buzzes ] [ Clears Throat , Exhales ] Well , hello , my dear : Where 's the deputy ? He 'll be here shortly : But where did he go ? It 's very important that I find him : Where he went is no concern of yours : Sit : What 's your hurry ? Well , I have other appointments : They can wait : Perhaps you can tell me what you 're doing in Captain Rogers 's quarters ? Oh : Just passing the time : Hmm : Good : Perhaps we can do the same : Perhaps : [ Man On P : A : ] Now preparing for launching in astrosled chute " B , ' " the reigning intergalactic champion , Lara Tizian : Lara 's going to be taking off in a few seconds : Where 's Wilma with that detonator ? [ Man On P : A : ] Lara Tizian has launched her astrosled and is approaching the first force field : Buck , I couldn 't get the detonator : We 've gotta stop Lara and Jorex : That 's impossible : They 've already taken off : But Alaric 's gonna discover what happened any minute : Well , we 'll just have to get to them before the pulse does : Buck , you can 't fly the starfighter through the force fields : It 's too big : If it hits one of them ... Look , I 've already been through the course once with Lara : - That was with the astrosled : - Wilma , we don 't have many alternatives : [ Exhales ] Whoa : Where do you think you 're going ? - Well , you need a copilot to chart the course : - And someone to monitor the detonator pulse : [ Chirping ] And I 'm not staying alone : Congratulations , Deputy Minister : All Loziria is rejoicing with Jorex 's victory : Thank you , my Satrap : They 'll be making the awards soon and then ... [ Man On P : A : ] In an unusual development , Jorex Leet of Loziria , the winner of the gold medal in the vertical leap competition , has not appeared to receive his medal : Officials are searching the stadium in an attempt to find him : What is the meaning of this , Alaric ? Where is Leet ? He is in the stadium , my Satrap : He 's probably refreshing himself before accepting the medal : It is your responsibility to ensure his presence : Our people must see him receiving the medal : Find him : [ Man On P : A : ] In another unusual development , our remote monitors have determined : : : That the astrosled piloted by Lara Tizian is carrying a second passenger : Tizian ? The identity of this person : : : Has not yet been determined : Deputy Minister , I trust you 're clearing up this unfortunate misunderstanding : - Yes , my Satrap : Of course : - Where is Jorex Leet ? Satrap , I can assure you ... Deputy Minister , Jorex Leet has escaped on the Tizian astrosled : Jorex Leet has escaped : Then kill him : : : Now : It is done , my Satrap : Why do not my sensors register an explosion ? The zeta waves from the detonator will reach him shortly : Just a few seconds : [ High-pitched Tone ] Captain Rogers , I have a reading : The disharmonizer has been activated : My calculations indicate we have approximately : : : 29 : 43 seconds to reach the astrosled : Entering curve 33-G : Seventy-seven degrees right , 82 degrees left : 24 : 2 seconds : [ Man On P : A : ] A starfighter has entered the astroslalom course : : : And seems to be racing in pursuit of the Tizian sled : 15 : 7 seconds : There : [ Wilma ] We don 't have time to transfer them : The astrosled doesn 't have stargate capability : We 'll have to try to catch up with them on the straightaway , then tractor them to the stargate : - [ Theo ] 11 : 3 seconds : - [ Chirping ] Time sure flies : Watch out , Buck : The tangent on that curve is nearly 80 degrees : If they succeed in saving Jorex Leet in front of the entire galaxy ... 7 : 9 seconds : - We 're almost close enough : Hit the tractor beam : - 5 : 9 seconds : [ Chirping ] Give me a break : 2 : 1 seconds : - [ Twiki ] That was close : - What do you mean , close ? We had a half-second to spare : Maybe more : You have failed in your mission , Deputy Minister : - [ Clicks Off ] - You know your duty : [ Wilma ] It 's beautiful : Yes , we rushed it overjust as soon as it came from Mykos : It 's well-deserved too : I mean , I 've seen some high jumpers in my time , but you are a high jumper : I am so proud of you : I still can 't believe we 're here : - We 'll never be able to thank you enough : - Thank Buck : He had to see the Olympiad in person : [ Chuckles ] That reminds me , Buck : Someone was looking for you : A man from U : B : C : - You know , the Holovid Network ? - What for ? Well , um , they saw you on the Olympiad broadcast : : : And thought you would be perfect to cover the Equinox Exercises in New Phoenix : He asked if you 'd be interested : [ Buck ] And what did you say ? Oh , well , I know what a great athlete you are : Wilma : But I figured one Olympiad in a lifetime is enough sports for anyone : : : Even you : - Good thinking : - [ Chuckle ]
