 " The Return Of Godzilla " ( Gojira ) DAIKOKU ISLAND SOUTHERN TIP OF THE IZU ISLANDS THREE MONTHS AFTER THE ERUPTION Hey , are you okay ? I 'm okay . It 's stuck , Captain ! I can 't control it ! We 're caught in a strong current ! How very strange ... We 're going to beach ! S.O.S. ! This is the Yahata-maru ! We are drifting near some reefs ! Our position is west of Daikoku Island ! We interrupt this program with a special news flash . The severe storms last night has resulted in many ships missing ... Ahoy ! Is anyone there ? ! According to the Maritime Security Agency the number of shipwrecks is increasing . Including the 77 ton fishing vessel , Yahata-maru which suddenly lost radio contact near Daikoku Island . All coastal patrols in the area have been alerted ... You 're alive ! You 're still alive ! It was ... a monster . The island rose up from the sea . Like an enormous rock but it was alive . Just a moment ! Was it like the monster Sea-louse that attacked us ? No , it was different . What ? ! Flame came out of its mouth . The noise was terrible ! Then you saw the thing ? No , it was too big . I just saw part of it from the bridge . This is Maritime Security ! Alright ! Hey ! Hey ! IZU-OSHIMA ISLAND What ? I made it up ? You must be kidding ! Listen , editor ! I 've got a witness who saw the whole thing ! I saw the giant sea-louse and all the bodies ! I can prove this monster exists ! I have evidence ! This is a big scoop , editor ! A big scoop ! Trust me ! Okay , I 'll be over with the negatives . Yes , yes , whatever . But at least wait until you see it ! He must think I 'm crazy ! A huge monster ? I don 't believe you , either ! You too ? You handle the phones ... I 'm going out . KANTO SECOND POLICE HOSPITAL Professor ! Okamura . You saw the monster ? I did . Professor , I 've told my story so many times . I 've told the police , the Maritime Security but no one believes me ! It 's only natural . It 's not everyday that monsters appear . It killed the whole crew and nearly myself . The monster he saw was ... Godzilla . Godzilla ? I know Okamura . He 's telling the truth . He thinks it 's true . Let 's hope he 's wrong . What about the bodies ? Their blood was completely drained . Was it from the sea-louse ? It was large ... Normal sea-lice are only a few centimeters long . The question is , why was it so big ? I think it was a parasite , feeding on Godzilla . It would have been continuously subjected to the radiation from Godzilla . Why would Godzilla appear now ? Three months ago , there was large volcanic eruption on Daikoku Island . It must have awakened Godzilla and brought it to the surface . PRIME MINISTER 'S OFFICIAL RESIDENCE Godzilla , huh ? I ... I was hoping I could finish my term peacefully . Prime Minister ... There 's no actual indication that Godzilla will attack mainland Japan . I hope so ... But , Takegami ... - Yes , sir ? Keep it from the press , until we know more . TOKYO DAILY REPORT Thank you . Okay ... Oh it 's you , Maki ! Editor , what 's the meaning of this ? ! You didn 't print my story ! There 's a good reason . Let 's see the boss . CHIEF EDITOR 'S OFFICE The official line of the police and the Maritime Security Agency is that the Yahata-maru with Okamura and 10 others on board , is still missing . What are you saying ? ! The government is well aware that the monster exists . But why keep it a secret ? The monster is Godzilla , that 's why . Godzilla ? I knew it . Suppose Maki , that we print your story . There would be a mass panic on all levels of society . The stock market would collapse . The cabinet would be out of power . So for now , just keep it to yourself . I see ... The government orders , and you obey . It 's a question of timing , and now is not the time . Cabinet Secretary Takegami suggested that we speak with Mr. Hayashida , a bio-physics professor . Hayashida ? Excuse me . Professor Hayashida ? Who are you ? Maki , of the Toto Press . So , you 're the one I heard about . What are you studying there ? The genetics of the Vinegar Fly . The genetics of the Vinegar Fly ? Is it connected to Godzilla ? I heard that you lost both of your parents 30 years ago , when Godzilla attacked Tokyo . Did you start studying the subject for revenge ? Do you want to kill it ? At first , but not anymore ... Professor , what is Godzilla ? Most of the people I spoke to say that Godzilla is a creature , a monster . Do you really think so ? I think he 's a monster created by man . Humans don 't think about the monsters ... Godzilla is a product of nuclear weapons . Nuclear weapons ? Godzilla is a living nuclear weapon capable of causing mass destruction . Besides , a monster can live forever . It 's invincible ? Not completely ... Godzilla is an animal , after all . Excuse me ... Do you know her ? Is she Okamura 's girlfriend ? It 's his sister . His sister ? Has she seen him yet ? No , she hasn 't . She doesn 't even know he has been rescued . It 's due to the news blackout . But you 've seen him ! Is he still in the hospital ? Have you spoken to him ? Hello again . Did you speak with Professor Hayashida ? He 's my tutor at the university . I help him as a part-time assistant in his laboratory . Are you Okamura 's sister ? Yes . Are you a friend of his ? What is your name ? Naoko . You must be worried about your brother , Naoko . Do you have any other family ? Only him , that 's all . Usually he 's out at sea , for several months at a time . The extra money helps to put us both through college . It 's unforgivable ... That the government wouldn 't let his own sister know , that he is still alive . It 's true he 's alive ? ! Yes , but he is being confined . Confined ? What for ? Because he saw Godzilla . The government doesn 't want a panic , so he 's in isolation . There 's a total news blackout . But I can 't understand why they would keep it from you . I thought you should know ... Maki ... He 's being held at the police hospital . Thank you . Please let me through ! I must see my brother ! No , you can 't go in here ! Come back here ! You can 't go in there ! - Let me go , please ! I must speak with him ! Naoko ! Brother ! I 'm sorry to worry you . It 's alright ... Naoko ... What are you doing ? ! Give me that camera ! Just one more shot ! A moving shot sells papers ! It 's okay ! I have official permission . Right ! Now back off ! That 's enough , Kamijo . - Sure ! It 's good to see you two back together . SOVIET MISSILE NUCLEAR-POWERED SUBMARINE Depth , 300 meters . Distance , 5 kilometers . Direction , 12 1 / 2 degrees . target is closing rapidly ! Enemy target is approaching rapidly ! We must assume from its speed that it will attack us ! Check sonar ! Maintain tracking ! Nothing to starboard ! We do not detect any engine noise . We cannot analyze the sound ! Distance , 2.5 kilometers . Speed , 40 knots . We have an active sonar signature ! I don 't know . Could it be a whale ? No ... Whales do not activate sonar . Then it must be one of the new American nuclear subs ! Distance , 2 kilometers . Direction , 12 degrees ... It 's heading right for us ! Fire torpedoes on the port side ! Torpedo 1 , fire ! Torpedo 2 , fire ! Quickly ! Dive to depth , 400 meters ! Torpedo 1 , on target ! Torpedo 2 , on target ! No sign of enemy torpedoes ! If they really intend on sinking our submarine the Americans must have decided on nuclear war ! Captain ! The enemy target is still closing on us ! Distance , 100 ! They 're on top of us ! Emergency dive ! It 's still above us ! It 's hovering over us ! It 's going to ram ! All ahead , full ! Full ahead , aye ! Excuse us ... It 's an emergency . The Russians have announced that a Soviet submarine was destroyed in the northern Pacific . 50 kilometers north of Agoshima , south of Hachyo Island . They are convinced that the Americans are responsible . Have the Americans confirmed the attack ? They denied it . Our embassy in Moscow just sent us a report . The Soviets have ordered a full-scale red alert . It seems they 'll declare a nuclear war . According to East European news services the Russians and the Warsaw-pact countries are ready to attack at anytime . They are waiting for the signal from Moscow . In reply , the Americans and NATO allies have put all of their forces at full-alert status . The tension is mounting as both sides seek to prevent a world catastrophe . Incredible ! Five minutes after we received the S.O.S ... . ... our anti-sub plane took this photo where the Russian sub sank . There 's no doubt about it . It is Godzilla ! Mr. Secretary , contact the Russians and Americans at once . Yes , sir ! And then ... Lift the blackout on the news of Godzilla . It might save us all ! Super-power tensions nearly resulted in a full scale nuclear war but time was on our side . Our investigation proves that America had nothing to do with the sinking of the Russian submarine . The submarine was destroyed by other forces and a military conflict was avoided . The submarine had in fact been destroyed by Godzilla . We have a photograph which was taken where the submarine had sank . This proves that it was near the scene . There 's no doubt , Godzilla still exists . The Japanese fishing boat , Yahata-maru , that vanished near Daikoku Island was later found abandoned with all the crew dead except for one survivor who testified to seeing the monster . As the lone survivor , all I can do for my friends is to claim my desire for revenge on Godzilla . I can never forgive the monster . I want it to die ! Maki ! Wait ! GODZILLA LIVES ! GODZILLA SINKS THE SOVIET NUCLEAR SUBMARINE ! GODZILLA ATTACKED JAPAN ? GODZILLA RETURNS ! Professor , is Naoko here ? Damn ! Godzilla is driving everyone crazy ! You may think you are a good journalist but I expected better from you . GODZILLA EMERGENCY COUNTER-MEASURE HEADQUARTERS We will attack Godzilla with everything available until we defeat it ! That is all I have to say . Minister the real question is , will we be able to defeat it ? Yes , I believe we can . Will we able to handle its death-ray as well ? Yes . We can use the Super X. Super X ? It was built in secret to protect the capital . Its armor is comprised of a titanium-platinum alloy . All of its circuitry has been designed to withstand incredible temperatures . Its guns will be firing special cadmium shells designed for use against Godzilla . As cadmium is used in the seal of a nuclear reactor it should work against Godzilla , as well . I see ... It is a flying fortress . See that huge shadow ? that 's Godzilla ... It 's about 80 meters long . Will it come here ? I don 't know . It must have attacked the nuclear submarine to feed on its atomic fuel reserves . That 's its main energy source and it will need more . Godzilla was first seen near this island . It then attacked the nuclear submarine . It looks like it 's moving away from us . It will come back ... It 's bound to ... We have its favorite food . INCREASED AGGREGATE POWER NATION-WIDE GODZILLAWARNING SYSTEM Godzilla ! Godzilla ! Godzilla ! IHAMA NUCLEAR POWER PLANT SHIZUOKA PREFECTURE It 's Godzilla ! Prime Minister , we failed to sight Godzilla earlier due to the dense fogbanks . I 'm terribly sorry . Go ahead ! Yes , sir ! The reactor core ! RADIATION MEASURING INSTRUMENT Godzilla is eating its dinner . Incredible ! GODZILLA BREAKS THROUGH THE WARNING CORD RAIDING THE IHAMA NUCLEAR FACILITY ! FROM THE DENSE FOG COMES A DARK TERROR ! THE TOTAL DESTRUCTION OF A NUCLEAR FACILITY IT ABSORBS THE RADIOACTIVITYAND GOES OUT TO SEA - DANGER FORTHE JAPANESE RE-LANDING Thank you . Maki ... Okamura ... I think that dinosaurs possess a homing instinct . Now I have the proof . You mean Godzilla has it too ? It uses magnetism for radar , like a guiding light . Birds use it too ... It 's the birds ! I 'm sorry ... I was wondering why Godzilla left the nuclear plant so suddenly . Wasn 't it because it ate enough radioactivity ? Professor ... Migrating birds ? A flock of migrating birds heading out to sea . Godzilla is following them . There must be some sort of link . You have a point . Godzilla was looking in the same direction . Godzilla felt the magnetism . If that 's the case , then there 's still hope . Yes , we can find a way . Okamura . - Yes ? I have an old friend named Minami , who is a geologist . I want you to go see him at Mount Mihara . Yes , sir . OSHIMA ISLAND Hello ? This is the institute . Okamura ? This is Maki . Yes , okay ... Professor ! It 's Okamura . Okamura ? What did Minami say ? I see . That 's possible . As you can see , we can make the core erupt by applying a small force . It works on the same principles as this liquid . It 's possible that by using the same theory we can make the volcano erupt anytime we want it to . The problem is , how do we bring Godzilla to the volcano ? From what I 've outlined , I believe I can come up with something quickly that will attract its attention . I don 't understand it ... You 're saying that Godzilla responds to a homing instinct ? You want to construct a machine that will reproduce ... Even if it 's possible to set off an eruption artificially what of the damage to the people who live in the vicinity ? The lava won 't flow out of the crater . The nearby village will remain unharmed . Yes , but I think it would be best to leave Godzilla to the military . The military will do their best but at the same time , the Professor should continue his project . The local residents will have to be evacuated . We 'll try everything , during this grave crisis . That 's all , gentleman . Of all the things to use to kill Godzilla , they 're going to blow up a volcano ? It 's incredible ! No , we 're not going to kill it . Really ? Then , what will you do to it ? Didn 't you feel something for it at the nuclear plant ? When it first appeared 30 years ago , Godzilla was regarded with awe . Goodbye . When the people first saw it they thought it was a legendary beast . Godzilla is a warning ... I just want to send it home ... That 's all ... SOVIET SPECIAL ENVOYTCHEFSKI AMERICAN SPECIAL ENVOY ROSENBERG The Soviet Union has come to a decision as well . We will use nuclear weapons against Godzilla as our only alternative ! Prime Minister , you know we have the power to stop Godzilla with nuclear weapons ... Nothing else will save Japan , but we need your agreement . The nuclear explosion will be limited ! We don 't think it will take much power to kill it , but we must do it out at sea ! Would you please understand ? If Godzilla attacks you , the next place it will attack is our missile base at Vladivostok ! We have no intention to wait to be destroyed ! Give as your answer , Prime Minister . We need your agreement ! Defense Minister ... Which nuclear weapons were the Russians and Americans referring to ? A mini-bomb , one kiloton each . About half the size of the bomb used on Hiroshima . If Godzilla reaches Tokyo , what would the damage assessment be ? Who can answer that ? The General Director of Science and Technology . The damage from a nuclear attack ? 2.5 square kilometers would be leveled . But the people would be evacuated by then . The nuclear damage would be less severe . We might have no choice but to use it . You shouldn 't jump to conclusions , Finance Minister . Have you forgotten about the radioactive fall out from an atomic bomb ? Besides , are we sure it will destroy Godzilla ? If Tokyo is destroyed , our economy will be destroyed as well ! I am merely expressing reservations about the use of an atomic bomb ! If we don 't try , how will we ever know ? May I speak ? Yes , Chief of Staff ... Nuclear weapons even on a small scale , are hard to quantify . The Americans and Russians have hesitated to use them on the battlefield because of this . So they have not been tested completely ? Yes . Then you think they want to experiment on us ? Sir , if we refuse their request , we will be diplomatically isolated ! Thank you , gentlemen , for sharing your opinions . Let me state Japan 's overall principles . We neither possess , nor use nuclear weapons . With that being said , we cannot permit their use now . That is final . Your country 's pride is at stake ! Russia has already lost a valuable nuclear sub to Godzilla ! We have the right to destroy it ! No , it is the right time when principles are at stake . We cannot lose our heads because of this crisis . Besides , we have no proof that nuclear weapons will work . If we use them , who can say when they will be used again ... You think that we are acting out of national pride and maybe we are ... But what of your attitudes ? What right do you have to say that we must follow you ? Have you decided ? I will personally speak with your leaders regarding our country 's stand . SOVIET NUCLEAR SATELLITE FOR GROUND ATTACK AMERICAN NUCLEAR SATELLITE FOR GROUND ATTACK Prime Minister , what did you say to the Russians and the Americans ? I said , that if Godzilla appeared in your countries , and attacked Washington and Moscow ... Would you have the courage to use nuclear weapons knowing that many of your people would be killed ? Both leaders finally understood . SOVIET POLITICAL OPERATIVE COLONEL KASHIRIN SOVIET FREIGHTER BARASHEEBO What 's the matter , Captain ? The government , in its infinite wisdom , has decided not to use nuclear weapons ! It 's Godzilla ! It 's moving toward Tokyo Bay ! It seems certain , that Godzilla will land somewhere along the coast of Tokyo Bay . They intend to fight Godzilla . They 're going to use the cadmium shells . Will that stop it ? Could it work ? Godzilla is like a living reactor . I don 't think it will work . Give me the data . - Okay ! We don 't have much time . We must complete this device quickly ! Second unit , commence operations . How is it going ? The west units are in . It 's going according to schedule . Command car ! Command car ! The anti-submarine sonar 's have not detected Godzilla ! Calling crisis-center headquarters , this is the command car . Godzilla has not entered the bay . There are no signs of Godzilla yet . Captain ! Abandon ship immediately ! It 's too dangerous ! You go on ahead ! I have to get to the missile control system ! I have to stop it ! Somebody , help me ! Chief of Staff , is Super X ready ? Yes . They are loading the cadmium shells now . It is almost ready . Godzilla is heading for the Civic Center in Kasumigaseki . Nagatacho , Akiosaka and Aoyama residents are ordered to evacuate . Godzilla is now heading for the Yotsuya and Shinjuku districts ! All residents must evacuate ! Professor , isn 't it ready yet ? Maki , get the papers over there . Godzilla is above us ! According to the Crisis Command Headquarters Godzilla is passing through Nagatacho , heading for Shinjuku ! All in habitants must evacuate ! All residents must evacuate immediately ! Command car in Shinjuku calling headquarters ! this is headquarters . We are beginning the diversion operation as planned ! Command car , what are your orders ? Car one , go to the Sumitomo building . Car two , head for the Central Park . Car one , roger ! Car two , roger ! Well , that should be enough ... So , my friends ... Shall we have a feast ? In honor of Godzilla ? I think this will do ... Yes ... That 's not strong enough ... I 'll have to go and get something stronger ! What 's the meaning of this ? ! Go away ! You have the rest of Shinjuku to play with ! Adjust to minus one . - Okay . Alright ! We did it ! Professor ! A helicopter is on its way to pick us up . Let 's go ! Are you okay ? - Yes ! Naoko , are you alright ? The elevators aren 't working ! We 'll have to use the stairs ! Right ! Let 's Go ! Come on ! Hello ? It closes automatically whenever there 's a tremor . Damn ! I know ! The Super X ? It 's taking off now ! CAPITAL CITY DEFENSE FIGHTERAIRCRAFT - SUPERX Let me help ! Cadmium shells , ready to fire ! Roger ! Fire flare guns ! Fire ! Fire cadmium shells ! Fire ! Fire ! Fire left flare gun ! Fire ! Sir ! We received a report from Zasimov ! A nuclear missile was fired at Godzilla ! The Soviets admit it was a mistake , but the missile will hit in thirty minutes ! In thirty minutes , it will hit the Shinjuku district ! Thirty minutes ... How could this happen ? A missile control unit on board a ship in Tokyo Bay was destroyed by Godzilla . Under such circumstances , the missile fires automatically ! What was the ship doing there ? ! Surely the missile can be stopped ! They can explode it in outer space ! No , not with their own missiles . It 's impossible ! We cannot evacuate Shinjuku in thirty minutes ! Of course we can ! The subway ! Tell the people to go to the subways for evacuation ! Yes , sir ! Foreign Minister ... - Yes , sir ! Inform the Prime Minister immediately and assemble the cabinet . I understand ! Prime Minister , we have the orbit of the Russian missile . This is the orbit from the attack satellite . The Russians fired the missile 300 kilometers over Mexico . Halfway , the missile will pass from the stratosphere into outer space . It will then descend to strike Godzilla in the Shinjuku district of Japan . Good job ! Well done ! Good job back there ! - Thank you ! Stop ! It 's too dangerous ! Stop ! Don 't come any closer ! It 's too dangerous ! Professor , Godzilla is dead ! No , not yet . Not so easily . We have to alert Mount Mahara . This is an emergency announcement ! A Soviet missile was accidentally fired at Godzilla ! All in habitants of the Shinjuku district are to evacuate the city immediately ! To repeat , all residents of the Shinjuku district must evacuate immediately ! There is little time left ... Seek shelter underground ... Use subways , basements and under ground lots ... Prime Minister , the Americans have agreed to help us ! U.S. ARMED FORCES KADENAAIR BASE The Americans have launched their missile ! It should hit in six minutes , about 70 kilometers over Tokyo . Are you okay ? Yes , I 'm alright . There ! There they are ! It 's Okamura ! Brother ! Brother ! Brother ! Alright ! Brother ! Naoko ! Okamura ! Will a nuclear missile really hit there ? The Americans have fired a missile to destroy it in the stratosphere ! Good ! That should work ! There are strong air currents ! Hurry ! Naoko , you first ! Professor , after you ! Hurry professor ! Professor ! Professor ! Professor ! Are you okay ? I 'm alright ! Naoko ! Brother , help the professor . Take this with you ! Okamura , we have no time for this ! Maki , take care of my sister . Brother ! Are you okay , Okamura ? ! the winds are too strong ! I can 't hold it steady ! Prime Minister , the evacuation is in full gear ! Two minutes to go ! The professor is confident of the Americans but the missile is still heading for us . Godzilla will wake up soon and the helicopter may not make it to the island in time . Maybe we 're all going to die . The missile won 't hit us , and they 'll reach the island in time . What 's the matter with you ? This isn 't like you at all ! I 'm scared ... You won 't die . they got it ! Prime Minister ! The unusual phenomenon you see is from the atomic blast in the stratosphere ! The electromagnetic shockwaves extend for hundreds of miles ! The rotors have stopped ! The number two rockets are still online ! Keep the ship balanced ! - Yes , sir ! Can you make it work ? - Yes , sir ! Alright ! Commander ! We 're out of cadmium shells ! All we have are regular shells ! Well then , we 'll have to use regular shells ! Take off ! Hey ! Hey ! Help us ! Hold the hose firmly ! Alright ! Alright ! Come on ! No ! You can do it ! Just don 't look down ! Are you alright ? That damn bastard is ... Run ! Are you okay ? See you later ! Be careful ! A briefcase ! I 'll take that ! Just a moment ! You don 't have to get nasty ! You idiot ! Stupid idiot ! Get down ! Professor , is it responding ? It 's heading for Mount Mihara . The professor has done it ! I have to go , too . Let 's go together ! The circuit is open again ! Godzilla is heading towards Oshima Island ! OUTER CRATER MILITARY BASE MT . MIHARA Professor , Godzilla is coming this way .
