 The tank itself was unusual in that it was vertical and looked like an old boiler . inside the tank the subject wore a heavy glass bubble and you would have thought the whole contraption uncomfortable to say the least . it was , however , effective . of the 23 students tested , only two found the experience unpleasant . Some even called it exhilarating . A number of students hallucinated . Dr. Jessup found the encephalographic evidence especially interesting . And one Saturday afternoon , in April 1967 he decided to try the experience for himself . Arthur . Hey , Arthur . Are you there ? Can you hear me , Arthur ? Arthur , answer me . Is that it ? You want me to come in and get you out ? i want to get a look at those EEG tracings . How do you feel ? Not bad . I hallucinated like a son of a bitch . A variety of dream states , mystical states a lot of religious allegory , mostly out of Revelation . You were in there close to five hours . It felt like an hour . I 'd like to try that myself sometime . You should . You 'll like it . Did we have any communication ? Sure . I kept checking you out like you told me to . How did I respond ? Very orderly . At one point you were crying . You mean , actually crying ? You were sobbing . There were tears on your face . When I asked you what was going on , you said you were re-experiencing your father 's death . Did you make notes ? It 's all there . I 'd like to try this again next week . Do you think you could make it again next week ? What are we looking for ? I don 't know , yet . There 's really very little literature on this kind of research . There are some good people in the field : Tart , Ornstein and Deikman but most of it is radical-hip stuff , drug-culture apologias . Obviously , the first thing to do is set up some sensible methodology study these experiences under controlled laboratory conditions . It won 't interfere with the work we 're doing with Hobart . What are we getting into ? Sensory deprivation ? Isolation studies ? I mean , where will we be going with the tank stuff ? We 're not writing up a grant . Strictly bootlegging , just for kicks . We 've got the use of this tank . Let 's play with it . Let 's find out where it takes us . It 's fascinating stuff . I think we ought to get into it . I didn 't even know they had one of those isolation tanks at New York Hospital . Must be some guy in the Psychology Department doing sensory deprivation studies . What 's Jessup doing with it ? You 've got me . He 's been taking students out of his classes and testing them . He 's been doing this for three , four months . Did you know Jessup was into this kind of stuff ? Not until you just told me . What do you want ? How long are you going to let it ring ? It 's okay , I 'll get it . He 's the last guy in the world I figured to be screwing around with anything as flaky as altered states of consciousness . Let 's face it . Jessup is pretty flaky himself . That 's him . Arthur says you 're very shy . He wants me to draw you out . Draw me out ? That doesn 't sound like Arthur . Well , what he actually said was you were a high-handed , arrogant prick . A little nuts , but brilliant and that if I ever got you talking , I would find you fascinating . That sounds more like Arthur . He says you 're doing some work with him and Alan Hobart at Payne-Whitney . What sort of work ? Toxic metabolite stuff . We 're replicating Heath 's and Friedhoff 's strategies trying to find maverick substances specific to schizophrenia . I think we 're chasing our tails . What do you do ? I 'm a physical anthropologist . I 'm sweating out my dissertation . Where ? Columbia . Holloway , and that bunch . You 're kind of young for a Ph. D. , aren 't you ? I 'm 24 . That 's still pretty good . I didn 't get my Ph. D. until I was 25 . I 'm supposed to be a whiz kid . I 'm a whiz kid , too . Anthropology seems to attract good-looking women . So you don 't think schizophrenia can be reduced to a single etiological agent ? I 'm not even sure it 's a disease . You think madness is simply another state of consciousness ? There 's a body of evidence to support that . You don 't like to talk about your work , do you ? As a rule , no . I 'm interested in interior experiences , especially the religious experience . The only reason I 'm working with schizophrenics now is the religious experience is so significant in schizophrenia . There 's only so much you can do with animals . I worked with monkeys but they can 't tell you what goes on in their consciousness . You need human beings for that . You can 't ablate human beings , nor stick electrodes in their skulls so I have to use a trance-inducing technique and the isolation tank seemed the least risky . And I 'd like to go home with you tonight . Would that be all right with you ? I 've got a roommate . We 'll be confined to the living-room couch . What 's wrong with the living-room couch ? You tend to slip off a lot . I 'm sure we 'll manage . I 'm sure we will . So , whenever you want to go there , you let me know . How about right now ? What are you thinking about ? God Jesus , crucifixions . As a rule , do you usually think about Christ and crucifixions under sexual stress ? When I was nine years old , I used to see visions visions of saints and angels , even Christ himself . Of course I don 't do that anymore not since I was 16 . Were your parents religious ? Anything but . My father was an aeronautical engineer . My mother , a clinical psychologist . What happened ? I mean , how did a little kid who saw visions of Christ turn into a physiologist teaching at the Cornell Medical College ? I stopped believing . It was very dramatic . My father died a protracted and painful death of cancer . I was 16 years old and very fond of my father . I used to race to the hospital every day after school and sit in his room doing my homework . He was very heavily sedated . The last few weeks he was in coma . One day I thought I heard him say something . I got up and leaned over him my ear an inch away from his lips . " Did you say something , Pop ? " Then I heard the word he was desperately trying to say , a soft hiss of a word . He was saying ... " ... terrible ... " " ... terrible . " So the end was terrible , even for the good people like my father . So the purpose of all our suffering was just more suffering . By dinner time , I had dispensed with God altogether . I never saw another vision . I haven 't told anybody about this in 10 years . I 'm telling you now because I want you to know what sort of a nut you might be getting mixed up with . Arthur was right . You are a fascinating bastard . Well , it 's settled . Metcalfe spoke to Spencer again this morning and it 's definite . The job 's mine . I 'll be in Nairobi doing my post-doc work July and August and in September , I 'll be teaching at Harvard . Terrific . It looks like we 'll both be teaching at Harvard in September . Looks that way . You can 't get any tidier than that , can you ? We 're going to be together in Boston and I think we should get married . You know , of course , I 'm supposed to be at least a little bit nuts . A little bit ? You 're an unmitigated madman ! You don 't have to tell me how weird you are . I know how weird you are ! I 'm the girl in your bed the past two months . Even sex is a mystical experience for you . You carry on like a flagellant , which can be very nice but I sometimes wonder if it 's me that 's being made love to . I feel like I 'm being harpooned by some raging monk in the act of receiving God . And you are a Faust freak , Eddie . You 'd sell your soul to find the great Truth . Well , human life doesn 't have great truths . We 're born in doubt . We spend our lives persuading ourselves we 're alive . And one way we do that is we love each other , like I love you . I can 't imagine living without you . So let 's get married . If it turns out to be a disaster , it 'll be a disaster . We 'll shake hands and say goodbye . He 's giving her dimethyltryptamine . It takes effect in about a minute and she 'll trip out for about half an hour . Do you feel different now ? Less anxious ? Much less . Do you have any special feelings ? I feel like my heart is being touched by Christ . There 's a lot of religious delusion among acute schizophrenics . Some guys say schizophrenics are physically different from the rest of us . It 's almost as if they were trying to change their physical selves to adapt to their schizophrenic image of themselves . All right , we 'll get married , since it 's that important to you . I 'm not comfortable with women and I 'm not likely to find anyone half as remarkable as you again . I think I can make a reasonably good husband . I don 't want to lose you , you see . I suppose that 's the closest thing to a declaration of love I 'll ever get out of you . Am I really that weird in bed ? Sometimes . Shall I try to change ? No , I kind of like it . - Daddy , I 'm tired . - We 'll give the little lady a ride ! Hey , Mason , be careful . How you doin ' , Eddie ? Hi , Mason . How about a beer ? - If I didn 't see this , I wouldn 't believe it ! - You were supposed to come next week ! Look at the family man ! Oh , Eddie , you look so good ! I don 't believe it . Not again ? When did this happen ? Well , it 's a long story . Have you found a place yet ? We got a nice little place near Huntington Field . We moved to San Francisco seven years ago . Arthur is going to teach at Boston U. I can 't believe it 's been seven years . I hear you just got associate professor . You guys must be loaded ! We 've got a place in Maine you can use for the summer . I 'm going to Africa again in June . Eddie will be in Mexico . Do you know a guy named Eccheverria , University of Mexico ? Says he worked with you . Sure . A very bright young guy . He 's here at the Botanical Museum . We 'll all have to get together . I 'm going back to Mexico with him in June . What 's in Mexico ? Eccheverria 's got this witch doctor down there , the Hinchi Indians . They 're an isolated tribe in Central Mexico who still practice the ancient Toltec rituals , sacred mushroom ceremonies , that kind of thing . Apparently they use some kind of hallucinatory drug that is supposed to evoke a common experience in all users . Maggie has fallen asleep on the couch . Will you take care of her ? Did you ever get into an isolation tank since New York ? No . Did you ? No , but I just found out there 's one here at the Medical School . I didn 't think anybody was doing those kind of studies anymore . We did some interesting stuff in that tank in New York for the few months we played around with it . Maybe when I get back from Mexico we 'll get into it again . Why not ? A terrific housekeeper she 's not . They 're getting a divorce , you know . - I don 't know if they 're getting ... - What are you talking about ? She and the kids are moving to Cambridge . That 's why this place is such a mess . They 're moving her stuff into storage tomorrow . Then she 's going off to Africa for a year with the kids . And he 's going to Mexico . When she comes back , she 's going to live in Cambridge and he 's staying here . It 's he who wants the divorce , not her . I 'm surprised they stayed together this long . When did all this happen ? She just told me five minutes ago . What about the letters she kept writing us about how happy they were ? Don 't ask me . She 's still crazy about him . He 's still crazy . Sylvia just told me you 're getting a divorce . We 're getting separated . We probably won 't get around to the divorce until next year . I know it 's none of my business , but why ? You 're married to a great woman who adores you . My God , if anybody has it made , you have . You 're a respected and admired figure a full professor on the faculty of the Harvard Medical School . For God 's sake , is that how you imagine me ? A respected and admired figure ? A devoted father ? A loving husband ? Well , I 've also published nearly two papers a year for the last seven years and not a fundamental piece of work in the lot . I sit around the living rooms of other young married faculty members talking infantile masturbation , who 's sucking up to the head of the department whose tenure is hanging by a thread . Emily is content to go on with this life . She insists she 's in love with me , whatever that is . What she means is she prefers the senseless pain we inflict on each other to the pain we would otherwise inflict on ourselves but I 'm not afraid of that solitary pain . If I don 't strip myself of all this clatter and clutter and ridiculous ritual I shall go out of my fucking mind ! Does that answer your question , Arthur ? What question was that ? You asked me why I was getting divorced . Listen , it 's your life . I 'm sorry I even asked . Why don 't I call Eccheverria and we 'll all go out and have some dinner ? As a matter of fact , Eduardo , my year in India was disappointing . No matter how you slice it yoga 's a state-specific technology operating in the service of an a piori belief system ... We scientists have a moral obligation to the public as well as to our own research . It just never occurred to baboons that they could shorten that time to five minutes if they used a stick . Originally , man was just another savanna-living primate like the baboon . What dignifies the yogic practices is the belief system itself is not truly religious . There is no Buddhist god , per se . It is the Self , the individual Mind , that contains immortality and ultimate Truth . What is not religious about that ? You 've simply replaced God with the original Self . Yes , but we 've localized it . Now I know where the Self is . It 's in our own minds . It 's a form of human energy . Our atoms are six billion years old . We 've got six billion years of memory in our minds . Memory is energy ! It doesn 't disappear ! It 's still in there ! There 's a physiological pathway to our earlier consciousnesses . There has to be . It 's in the goddamned limbic system . Jessup , you 're a whacko ! What 's whacko about it ? I 'm a man in search of his true Self . How archetypically American can you get ? Everybody 's looking for their true selves . We 're all trying to fulfill ourselves understand ourselves , get in touch with ourselves face the reality of ourselves , explore ourselves , expand ourselves . Ever since we dispensed with God we 've got nothing but ourselves to explain this meaningless horror of life . You 're whacko . Well , I think that the true Self that original Self , that first Self , is a real , mensurate , quantifiable thing tangible and incarnate and I 'm going to find the fucker . What are their chemical properties ? Are they safe ? The mushrooms are almost certainly amanita muscaria a very powerful psychedelic and a little dangerous . It contains belladonna , alkaloids atropine , scopolamine . The sinicuiche plant is highly regarded among a number of Indian tribes . I 've seen it as far north as Chihuahua . The Indians say it evokes old memories event ancient ones and the Hinchis call it The First Flower . The first in the sense of primordial ? Yes . In the sense of the most ancient . I 'd like to try it . Do you think they would let me join in their ritual ? Well , they seem like agreeable people . Est todo bien para ti participar en la ceremonia . He says it 's all right for you to participate in their ceremony . Ask him what kind of an experience I can expect . Are they gathering these mushrooms for the ritual ? No , they 're being harvested for next year . Qué clase de experiencia puede esperar mi amigo ? Su alma regresar a su primera alma . Your soul will return to the First Soul . Ask him what this First Soul will look like . ? Cómo es la primera alma ? Es la ateria increada . It is Unborn Stuff . Entonces , usted se lanzará en el vacio ... Then you will propel into the void . Usted verá una mancha . You will see a spot . La mancha se convertiráen una grieta . The spot will become a crack . Esta es la Grieta Entre la Nada ... This is the Crack Between the Nothing ... De esta Nada saldr su Alma increada . ... and out of this Nothing will come your Unborn Soul . Digale que extienda la palma de la mano . He wants you to hold the root . Put out your hand with your palm up . Are you all right ? We only have their word I killed a lizard . You didn 't see it and I have no recollection of it ! This whole hideous business is just a joke the Indians have played on me to make the gringo look like a fool ! Look , you asked me what happened and I told you ! You drank the mixture and you went outside . After a while there was a scream and some dogs were barking . I shouted after you . The screaming stopped . The brujo yelled at me to come back . Oh , bullshit ! Then why did you ask the brujo to give you the mixture to take back to Boston ? I thought I 'd like Arthur to analyze , maybe synthesize , it . The noise is stupefying . The sun became black as sack cloth . The full moon became like blood . Then a great mountain burning with fire was thrown into the sea . Then the beast ascends from the bottomless pit . The angel of the bottomless pit . His name is Abaddon . He 's off the wall ! Are you okay ? Get this stuff ! It 's new ! It 's deafening ! The noise is deafening ! Can you hear me above this noise ? The most unbelievable thing I 've seen ! I 'm watching the birth agony of a mountain ! Oh , my God . Are you okay ? I 'm fine . Really , I 'm fine . Do you want me to bring you down now ? What happens now ? He 's blacked out . These blackouts can get pretty freaky . Sometimes they last as long as four hours . When he comes out of it , he 's as chipper as a bird , but he doesn 't remember a thing . Just how dangerous is this stuff he brought back from Mexico ? I didn 't say dangerous , just said it was weird . It hangs around too long and what 's really screwy is it heads straight for the brain . Well , I don 't believe this . You guys are shooting up with an untested drug that stacks up in the brain and works in the nucleus of the cell and you don 't call that dangerous ? For the record , we don 't actually shoot up . - Eddie drinks a 10-milligram ... - It will stop now ! You guys are supposed to be reputable scientists not two kids in the dorm freaking out on Mexican mushrooms ! Why do you think I called you for ? Let 's see you stop him . This ain 't LSD , goddamnit ! This is no serotonin antagonist you 're drinking ! How many grams of that stuff you think you 've got in you ? Two ? Three ? You could be working up one hell of a case of cancer with all the antimetabolites in you . The Hinchis have been drinking that stuff for centuries with no incidence of cancer . Fuck the Hinchi Indians ! You don 't know anything about those mushrooms ! They seem to have fantastic staying powers ! We 've shot up at least 30 rats with that stuff . Some of them have a whopping load in them and none of them have been noticeably affected . Where are we going ? We were going to get something to eat . Eddie wants to show me an isolation tank . Isolation tank ! You guys get flakier every time I talk to you ! I thought all that isolation tank stuff went out in the ' 60s with Timothy Leary and all them other gurus ! Will you shut up for a minute and let somebody else say something ? What happens during these blackout periods is you get the feeling of phenomenal acceleration like you 're being shot out over millions , billions of years . Time simply obliterates . You sense the hallucination is going on , but you get no images . I want to break through that blackout barrier . I want to know what those images are that I know are going on but I can 't see . We can 't raise the dosage of the drug because we 're close to toxic levels now . The only way to intensify the experience is to take the 200 milligrams along with the tank . There 's more I 'd like to do to that drug before you take it again . I 'd like to do a half-life determination . - That would take us a year ! - I 'd like to know the transport system . I 'd like to find some analogues . This Mexican stuff is an extraordinary substance and every instinct I have tells me I 'm onto something hot here and another 200 milligrams isn 't going to kill anybody . There it is . Oh , it 's horizontal . It 's smaller than the one we had in New York . If they 're doing sleep studies , it must be ... I don 't think anybody 's used it in years , but I checked it out yesterday and it works . It won 't take a week to get this place cleaned . You could get your ass in a sling if it ever gets out you 're using an untested drug on human subjects . Don 't worry . Nothing 's going to happen to me . Let 's get a quick hamburger . I 'm seeing one of my students tonight . All right ! Do what you want to do . I think you 're both irresponsible as hell ! Don 't call me and tell me you 're worried about Eddie putting all this shit into him ! I 'm telling you , don 't you put any more of that shit into him until you know a hell of a lot more about it ! I 've offered you the use of my lab and all the rats you can cut ! That 's as much as I want to be implicated in your dumb experiments ! Go get your own dumb hamburger . I 've already got my own date I 'm an hour late for ! I already did these first three . You do the rest . Couldn 't resist , right ? Well , somebody 's got to keep his eye on you two sorcerers . What have you got in there , some kind of salt solution ? Ten percent magnesium sulfate , for buoyancy . Weird , man . One , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . Okay , you 're fine . Wednesday , January 7th , 4 : 28 P. M. Hey , this is terrific ! He went into theta like a shot . No spindling , nothing . Grasslands , savannas . i feel i am actually alive and inside this landscape . A density of woodlands about a mile away . Beyond that , mountains that seem to be smoking . Newly born mountains , Cenozoic , latter Tertiary . i 'm in an edge-area . Utter tranquility , but alive . Life in the trees . Life in the sedge . oh , my God the birth of man . That 's got to be it ! y God ! There it is a proto-human . The first , and the original truly human form tiny , perhaps 4 feet high , completely furred chimp-like , but erect . No knuckle walking . Shorter arms . He 's moving along so gracefully . There 's two , three of them . Bipedal , tiny , little furred humanoid creatures a chunk of lava in their hands stalking or hunting something . For Christ 's sake . Are you okay , Eddie ? i 'm becoming one of them . i 'm no longer observing . i 'm one of them . Killing something , a goat . i 'm killing i 'm eating i 'm eating the blood , hot flesh of a goat . Are you okay ? Beautiful . Do you want to come down ? It sounded like he was having a bad trip to me . Some of these tank trips can get pretty creepy . What the hell was that ? Are you okay ? Beautiful . Do you want to stop this ? - Do you want me to leave you alone ? - Yeah . I thought you said these things don 't last more than four hours . It 's a quarter to nine . He 's coming out . I don 't like being out of contact for these long periods of time . I think he 's in shock . He must have had a seizure , hit his head or something . What do you want blood tests for ? What does he say ? " Buccal smear , blood for a karyotype ... " ... also pictures for the Goodman and Sarich lab . " Picture of my neck . Now , before I ... " ... reconstitute . " Before he what ? Before he reconstitutes . Then take his damn blood , and maybe he 'll let me have a look at him . Do you mind if I examine your neck for a minute ? Any masses ? Stop talking shit ! Are you trying to say your dumb hallucination has externalized ? What did he write ? " Not common aphasia . " Time-space , fallout from the hallucination . " You are a fucking flake , Jessup . Get dressed . I 'm taking you to the Brigham and do a complete workup on you . You are a very sick dude , you dumb son of a bitch . I 'll look down your throat , do some skull films get a CAT scan , maybe even an arteriogram , and I 'd like an unbiased eye to look at those EEG tracings . What does he say ? " X-ray ! " All right , finish up with him and let 's get him over to X-ray . Be right back . is it possible it 's purely mechanical ? Well , if it isn 't neurological , it 's got to be mechanical . I 'd like some plain films of this guy 's neck . A PA , a lateral and oblique . I 'm backed up to my ass ! Just take the damn pictures ! This is an emergency ! Might be a TIA . I guess we 'd better not tell Eddie he had blood all over his face when he came out of the tank . He 'll claim it was goat 's blood from that goat he was eating in his hallucination . You know , you 're really getting as weird as he is ! What do you think happened ? He 's not the type for hysterical conversion , so I 'm thinking seizure . He came out of that tank in a fugue state and had blood all over his face . He must have had a seizure while in the tank bit his lip while convulsing and is postictally aphasic . I thought maybe he had a vascular insult , a stroke , a flipped embolus but neurologically he 's intact , so I 'm thinking seizure now . Now you just take it easy . None of us are so terrific at reading X-rays . What are you looking for ? Just put these in an envelope . Who 's reading tonight in Radiology ? Dr. Wissenschaft . I want someone reliable to look at them . I 'd rather not have everyone in the Brigham on this . It 's bad enough we 've got this nosy X-ray technician . Are you all right ? I 'm fine . I tried to indicate this was just a transient thing . A transient ischemic attack , that 's all it was . - He 's got his voice back . - It wasn 't an ischemic attack ! It wasn 't a seizure . You saw the X-rays , Mason . There was something anterior to the larynx that looked like a laryngeal sac . That 's strictly simian . I obviously regressed to some quasi-simian creature . I 'll show these to someone who can read them right . You 're reading them wrong . That 's all because no one is going to tell me you de-differentiated your goddamn genetic structure for four goddamn hours and then reconstituted ! I 'm a professor of endocrinology at the Harvard Medical School ! I 'm an attending physician at the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital ! I 'm a contributing editor to the American Journal of Endocrinology ! And I 'm a fellow and vice-president of the Eastern Association of Endocrinologists ! And president of the Journal Club ! And I 'm not going to listen to any more of your cabalistic , quantum , friggin ' , dumb , limbo mumbo jumbo ! I 'm going to show these to a radiologist ! Do me a favor . Conclusion , bilateral aspiration pneumonia . - Do me a favor and take a look at these . - What 's the story in this case ? A 35-year-old white man , acute onset of aphasia , no history of trauma . What are you looking for ? It looks to me like the architecture is somewhat abnormal . Somewhat ? This guy is a fucking gorilla ! Are you okay , Dr. Jessup ? Yes . Are you all right , Dr. Jessup ? I 'm fine . I just want to make a few notes . My God , you look so marvelous ! How have you been , Eddie ? Just fine . You ? Fine . Look , there 's Daddy . Are you going to drive us to our new house ? You bet . Depending how nice you are maybe we 'll take you to a Chinese restaurant . Don 't let anybody tell you baboons aren 't occasionally carnivorous . I observed instances of predation which involved the unmistakable behavior of hunters . A pair of baboons killed the Thomson 's gazelle and ate it . There was even a rudimentary communication between the two baboons so I 've become fascinated with the work being done on nonverbal communications with apes . I 've been corresponding with the Gardners at the University of Nevada . i may just go out and spend a couple of weeks there this summer . I 've got nothing else to do except write up my report . I don 't suppose you recorded any of those baboon sounds ? Of course I did . Why ? I 'd like very much to hear them . Of course . Mrs. Tally said she 'll be here tomorrow morning at 10 : 30 to help you put everything away . She wanted to know if you wanted her to come back to work steady . i got a letter from ason about a week ago just before we left Nairobi . He says you 've been working with a very complex drug which you brought back from Mexico . It hasn 't been thoroughly tested yet and is dangerous as hell . What else did Mason write you ? That over the past year you 've taken about two grams of that drug yourself and you had a very unusual instance of genetic regression about three months ago . You may have leukemia or lymphoma . He 's been trying to get you to go for a complete workup but you 've refused to go . He 's worried stiff that you 're cracking up . He thinks you 're behaving very strangely and he begged me to talk to you about this when I got back . Mason is pathologically incapable of keeping his mouth shut about anything . - He 's a stupid , starched , doctrinaire idiot ! - Mason is a first-rate doctor ! It 's not leukemia ! Or any other kind of cancer ! I 've let him do a liver-spleen scan on me and a CAT scan . I have been probed , scoped and palpated ! He 's had a mirror down my throat or up my ass for the last three months and there is no evidence , no suggestion whatsoever of cancer ! What else did Mason write you ? Which of these has the baboon vocalizations on them ? - I 'd like to hear them . - Why ? Did he write you that during the regression I had an aphasic experience for about four hours ? The only sounds I could get out were clicks and grunts . They sound like the baboon vocalizations on your tapes . Mason said you took blood tests and the lab report showed some characteristics of simian blood group systems . They also picked up antigens specific to man . I 'd like to see that data . The thing to do is for me to get back to that isolation tank and try it again ! Let 's see if it happens again ! None of us really believes it happened . After three months , I 'm beginning to wonder if it ever happened myself . They won 't go back to the tank . Mason 's taken over the project . He 's got Arthur up in his lab every day fractionating rats ' brains ! What the hell am I supposed to do while they 're fractionating rats ' brains ? Everybody thinks your father 's going nuts . Mommy , when are we going to eat ? Run along now and play with Grace . I am convinced that the regression was triggered by an act of consciousness . When I was in the tank , I entered another consciousness ! I became another self , a more primitive self and the drug , in some way triggered the externalization of that other , more primitive self . At least look at my data ! Of course . Would tomorrow afternoon be ... Don 't patronize me ! It 's just possible I 'm not mad , you know ! I 'm asking you to make a small quantum jump with me to accept one deviant concept that our other states of consciousness are as real as our waking state and that reality can be externalized ! You 're screaming . I get this patronizing shit from Arthur and Mason for three months and I 'm sick of it ! We 've got millions of years stored away in that computer bank we call our minds ! We have got trillions of dormant genes in us , our whole evolutionary past . Perhaps I 've tapped into that ! I want to get back into that tank and repeat the experiment . The most elementary laboratory behavior ! Repeat the experiment . Confirm it ! I would like other responsible scientists with me when I do it ! I would like a little consensual validation on this . We may have demonstrated a whole new force in nature ! For God 's sake , don 't you agree it merits further investigation ? I have the tapes , notes and everything . What time would you like to come and look at the stuff tomorrow ? 2 : 00 , 2 : 30 . I just want to get the girls . I 'll be right back . - i 'll get it , i 'll get it . - No , no , i will . It 's 8 : 30 , so get washed and changed right now and I want no trouble from either of you tonight . Hello ? Oh , Mason . Thank you for calling . I assume you 've spoken to Arthur . No , no , I just got back from dinner with the kids . Well , I just don 't know what to say . I think you 're absolutely right . He 's on the verge of a breakdown . He was here all afternoon and carried on like a madman and then just disappeared . Ordinarily I wouldn 't be this panicky , but I just am very worried . - What 's the trouble ? - There 's an animal loose in the basement ! What kind of animal ? Monkey , I think ! Charlie ! Charlie Thomas ! Where are you ? We 've got an animal loose in the B-building basement . I 'm heading to the north corridor leading to the boiler room so you guys come down the other way . Now , watch your step . He 's a pretty good-sized ape . Call the animal rooms and ... What the hell is he doing down here ? He must be in here somewhere . I 'm gonna take a look up here . Get out of here ! What were you doing in the tank room ? I remember large fragments of what happened , but not all of it . You 'll have to be patient with me . I 've had Mason looking all over Boston for you all night . It 's okay . I 'm all right . I suppose getting a call at 2 : 30 in the morning from the police to the effect your husband has been found sleeping naked in the city zoo might have caused you some concern . I think you could say that . And Mason writing you this whole time that I 'm having a nervous breakdown and you figured I finally flipped out altogether . I 'm sorry , Emily . Forgive me . I know what a harrowing day I 've caused you . I suppose you 've been sitting here all this time trying to figure out how to get me to a psychiatrist . As a matter of fact , I have . I don 't know how you 've put up with me all these years . I loved you . Oh , my God , Emily , I don 't know how to tell you this . I really don 't . The implications are staggering . Apparently I entered a very primitive consciousness . All I can remember is what was comprehensible to that consciousness . I don 't remember , at least not clearly , how I got out of the tank room . The first thing I remember are the dogs . I followed a pack of wild dogs to the zoo . That 's how I got there . In the zoo , I hunted down , killed and ate a small sheep . I was utterly primal . I consisted of nothing more than the will to survive , to live through the night to eat to drink to sleep . It was the most supremely satisfying time of my life . I may have killed a man tonight . I remember beating on a ... You don 't know the trouble I had getting these clothes . I had to go down to the security office . They want you to call the security office right now . There was some kind of ape loose in your isolation tank room tonight . Do you know anything about that ? This ape almost killed a security guard . You didn 't bring some ape down to that tank room tonight , did you ? Your watch and stuff are in your jacket pocket . Are you all right ? Is he all right ? Tell Mason what you 've been telling me . I want to hear Mason 's views on all this . I think Mason 's views will be predictable . y God ! There it is a proto-human . The first and the original truly human form . Tiny . Perhaps four feet high . Completely furred . Chimp-like , but erect . No knuckle walking . Shorter arms . He 's moving along so gracefully . There 's two , three of them . Bipedal , tiny ... i 'm killing ... i 'm killing something , a goat . i 'm killing i 'm eating hot flesh . i 'm eating the blood of a goat . Are you okay ? Beautiful . Beautiful . it sounded like he was having a bad trip to me . Some of these tank trips can get pretty creepy . What the hell was that ? Did I wake you ? It 's Emily . Eddie , I 'm in a kind of wild panic . I need to talk to you . I don 't know how even to put this into words but I 'm beginning to think what happened to you was not just a hallucinatory experience . I 've got this gut feeling that something phenomenological did actually happen that there was some kind of genetic transformation . I don 't know why I think this is in defiance of all rationality , but I do and now that I do , I 'm terrified . I mean really terrified . Petrified . So am I. I don 't want you doing this experiment again next week . I have to find out if it actually happened . I 'm asking you to put the experiment off till we understand it more to minimize the risk . You can 't . You have to work back from the event itself . But you may be causing yourself irreversible genetic damage ! We 're not dealing with genetics ! We 're beyond mass and matter here , beyond even energy . What we 're back to is the first thought . I 'm trying to tell you I love you . I know that . And I 'm trying to tell you , this is an all-bets-are-off sort of thing . We may be opening a black box that may scrap our whole picture of space-time . We might even have a link to another universe . For God 's sake , you 're a scientist . You must know how I feel . Yes , I know how you feel . It 's very late . Would you like to stay here tonight ? I could do with a little love and a little reassurance right now . You 'll stay , won 't you ? If I come out of that tank anthropoid , I 'll be in a very primitive state and impossible to relate to , so sedate me while I 'm still in the tank otherwise you 'll have to chase me around and subdue me . You come out of that tank looking like an ape I 'm going over to Mass . Mental and commit myself . If it happens , we 'll bring him down with a big bolus of Amytal . What do you mean if it happens ? Everybody keeps saying if it happens ! Do you think something is gonna happen ? Because if you do , I 'd like to know . I 'm sorry . I 'm just nervous as hell . Listen , so am I. Anything happen ? I just checked him 10 minutes ago . Did you order chicken or turkey ? I hope chicken is all right . I 've got nearly 11 : 00 . That 's more than two hours now . I think we should stop this . Frankly , I 'm really frightened ! We could be screwing up his whole genetic structure ! Now how do we stop this ? - Can you bring him down ? - He 's gonna be sore as hell . We should never have let him do it ! I don 't know how we let him talk us into this . We were humoring him , but we know he 's not crazy and we all know , deep in our hearts he may be onto something beyond our own comprehension ! Now , because I believe him , I want this thing stopped ! His signs are all good . He 'll sleep a day or two , come out a bit stuporous . He 's got a whopping load of drugs in him . It 's not uncommon for a psychedelic experience like this to whack you out . You 'd hardly call this just a psychedelic experience . His heart is good . His pressure is good . I 'm more worried about you than I am about him . I 'm all right . Of all the goddamn men in this whole world , why do I have to love this one ? I can 't get him out of me . Do you know how many men I tried to fall in love with this past year ? No matter who I 'm in bed with , I have to imagine it 's him or nothing happens . No matter who I 'm eating with or walking with there 's always this pain because it isn 't him . I 'm possessed by him . Oh , it 's crazy ! I think that 's the way it 's supposed to be . But he doesn 't give a damn about me ! You 're the only thing he cares about outside of his work . I was never real to him . Nothing in the human condition was ever real to him . He 's a truth lover . Reality to Eddie is only that which is changeless , immutably constant . What happened to Eddie tonight , that was Eddie 's idea of love . That 's consummation . He finally got it off with God . He finally embraced the Absolute , was finally ravished by Truth and it goddamned near destroyed him ! He never loved me . You knew him as well as I did . We were all bits of transitory matter to him . All right , now , you 're going into shock . I 'm going to get you something . We reached a point tonight where physical science just breaks down . We 're in blue skies ! Tonight was history , and what are we going to do about it ? I 'm going to do nothing about it ! Tonight scared the hell out of me ! That tank just blew up ! Whatever happened inside that tank released a hell of a lot of energy . For God 's sake , let 's drop this goddamn thing . I don 't want to talk about it . I can 't help it ! You may want to go to sleep but the way I feel I don 't expect to go to sleep for a year ! I 'm on fucking fire ! I am in there mopping up the goddamned tank room and I would like to know why ! Do you believe in supernatural agencies ? No , sir , I do not ! Then what we saw tonight was a physical phenomenon an inexplicable physical phenomenon ! If it 's phenomenological , then it 's explicable . I have to know why . Let me talk ! I 've been mopping that tank room for the last three hours and I 've had it ! Leave me alone ! I would like to tell you what I would like to do ! We have got to repeat this with other human subjects ! We need a selective sample ! We will put up a notice in the Student Union for volunteers ! And get five or six subjects and go back to square one with them and step up the doses of the drug in a graduated fashion and check them against Eddie 's values ! We could even get a grant , for Christ 's sake ! And here you are , willing to use an untested drug on innocent human beings ! Please stop shouting ! How are you ? Would you like to go back to sleep ? Yes . Would you mind if Mason had a quick look at you first ? Good idea . Maybe you ought to have a quick look at him . Oh , I hope it isn 't the kids . Hello ? Everything 's fine , Arthur . He 's fine . It 's Arthur . Are you fine ? I 'll call you back when I 'm more awake . Everything is fine . God , I wonder what time it is . I should call the kids . I can 't tell you how much you mean to me how much I need you and the kids . I just wanted you to know that . You saved me . You redeemed me from the pit . I was in it , Emily . I was in that ultimate moment of terror that is the beginning of life . It is nothing . Simple , hideous nothing . The final truth of all things is that there is no final Truth . Truth is what 's transitory . It 's human life that is real . I don 't want to frighten you but what I 'm trying to tell you is that moment of terror is a real and living horror , living and growing within me now and the only thing that keeps it from devouring me is you . Why don 't you just come back to us ? It 's too late . I don 't think I can get out of it anymore . I can 't live with it . The pain is too great . Defy it , Eddie ! You made it real . You can make it unreal ! If you love me , Eddie if you love me ! Eddie ! Defy it ! I love you , Emily .
