 Dune The Alternative Edition Redux Custom English subtitles created by Spicediver , 2012 REDUX is my third and final reworking of David Lynch 's 1984 film adaptation of Frank Herbert 's classic sci-fi novel . My original DUNE THE ALTERNATIVE EDITION fanedit was first released in 2008 ( V.1 ) and again in 2009 ( V.2 ) . Since this fanedit 's initial release , I 've learnt much about the art and science of editing with the help of generous mentors and other DUNE fans . I 've also had time to ponder some criticisms and develop new ideas . REDUX is a major revamp over my previous versions of Lynch 's DUNE and stands as my final cut of the film . I hope you enjoy the trip , and thankyou to everyone who helped me realise the dream . Spicediver , July 2012 . " Thou shalt not make a machine in the likeness of a human mind . " - Chief commandment from the Great Revolt A beginning is a very delicate time . Know then that it is the year 10,191 . The known universe is ruled by the Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV , my father . In this time the most precious substance in the Universe is the spice melange . The spice extends life . The spice expands consciousness . The spice is vital to space travel . The spice exists on only one planet in the entire Universe ... A desolate , dry planet with vast deserts . Hidden away within the rocks of these deserts are a people known as the Fremen who have long held a prophecy that a man would come ... a Messiah ... who would lead them to true freedom . The planet is Arrakis . Also known as Dune . We are the secret of the Universe . Bi-la kaifa . We are the secret . We know of CHOAM in the Universe Combine Honnete Ober Advance Mercantiles controlled by the Emperor Shaddam IV and all the Great Houses of the Landsraad . We know of CHOAM ... yet we are the secret . We know of the Bene Gesserit sisterhood their selective breeding plan for 90 generations to produce the Kwisatz Haderach , whom they will control . The ones they call the witches ... yet we are the secret . We know of the Guild and their Navigators ' power to fold space and their control over all interplanetary travel . We know they have the seeing eye ... yet we are the secret . The Bakka shall weep no more , for there is now at work a higher power . Bi-la kaifa . And now the prophecy . One will come ... the voice from the outer world bringing the holy war , the Jihad , which will cleanse the Universe and bring us out of darkness . " Enemies strengthen you ; allies weaken . " - Emperor Elrood IX , Deathbed Insights . Book I : The Great Houses A secret report within The Guild . Four planets have come to our attention regarding a plot which could jeopardise spice production . Planet Arrakis : source of the spice . Planet Caladan : home of House Atreides . Planet Giedi Prime : home of House Harkonnen . Planet Kaitain : home of the Emperor of the known Universe . Send a third-stage Guild Navigator to Kaitain to demand details from the Emperor . The spice must flow . Father ? Irulan , you must leave . My Lord ... The Reverend Mother is here . All entrance corridors and chambers have been cleared . We are dismissed ? Yes , yes , he 'll sense any surveillance . No eavesdropping of any kind ! A third-stage Guild Navigator will be here within minutes . We felt his presence . I shall want telepathy during his visit and a report when we 're finished . Their minds are so ... they move in strange directions . Yes ? Forced spice evolution of humans changes many things . I must sit close to him . He will not permit anyone but me to see him . You must be outside this room . I am your Truthsayer , my Lord . He 's here , my Lord . The Spacing Guild and its Navigators use the orange spice gas to fold space . That is , travel to any part of the Universe ... without moving . Because The Guild controls all interplanetary travel , they are the highest power in the Universe . The Bene Gesserit witch must leave . Leave us . Yes , my Lord . We have just folded space from Ix . Yes ? How was your journey ? Many machines on Ix . New machines . Oh ? Yes ? Better than those on Richese . You are transparent . I see many things . I see plans within plans ... Is there a problem ? Usually there 's a problem when one of you makes a visit . The answer is within the problem . I see two Great Houses House Atreides , House Harkonnen , feuding . I see you behind it . Yes . You must share with us . The Atreides House is building a secret army using a technique unknown to us a technique involving sound . The Duke is becoming more popular in the Landsraad . He could threaten me . I have ordered House Atreides to occupy Arrakis to mine the spice thus replacing their enemies the Harkonnens . House Atreides will not refuse because of the tremendous power they think they will gain . Then , at an appointed time , Baron Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and launch a sneak attack on House Atreides . I have promised the Baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops . So the Harkonnens will rid you of House Atreides ... Yes ! Listen to me . The spice must flow ! The spice has given me accelerated evolution for 4000 years . It has enabled you to live 200 ! It gives the Bene Gesserit sisterhood the metaphysical ability to see beyond , to have superior powers . Our power to fold space is in the spice . Without us your empire would be lost on isolated , scattered planets . YOU would be lost . One small point ... Here it comes . We ourselves foresee a slight problem within the House Atreides . Paul ... Paul Atreides . You mean of course Duke Leto Atreides , his father . I mean Paul Atreides . We want him killed . I did not say this . I am not here . I understand . Well ? They fear that putting House Atreides on Arrakis will hurt spice production . For us , a small amount is enough to greatly extend our lives but they consume tremendous quantities . A great deal is needed to evolve the seeing eye . They worry . The Universe worries when they worry . What else ? So much was unclear . You may go , Helen Mohiam Bene Gesserit . Yes , my Lord . She 's Bene Gesserit . There 's nowhere in the Universe you can escape them . Her loyalty to the sisterhood is stronger than her loyalty to me . Watch her carefully . Why would they want the Duke 's son killed ? We must have a look at Paul Atreides , on Caladan . Caladan : Home Of House Atreides . For 90 generations the sisterhood has been interfering with the marriages and the children thereof of the Great Houses of the Universe , cleverly intermixing one bloodline with another to form the Kwisatz Haderach , a super being . They plan to control this super being and use his powers for their own selfish purposes . But now , so close to the prize , a Bene Gesserit woman Jessica the bound concubine of Duke Leto Atreides , who has been ordered to bear only daughters has given birth to a son , Paul Atreides . Here we are now . Caladan . And 19 light-years beyond beyond Bene Tleilax The training planet of the Mentats , the human computers . Know a Mentat by his red-stained lips . There , Arrakis . Spice mining . Carryalls lower the harvester to the sand and lift it off to safety when a worm attacks . Worms attack all rhythmic vibrations . Weather See storms No precipitation Never one drop of rain on Arrakis . And the Harkonnens are near . There . Giedi Prime and the Baron Harkonnen . The Baron Harkonnen has sworn to destroy House Atreides and steal the ducal signet ring for himself . Saguaro Burrow bush Creosote bush Barrel cactus I know , Thufir , I 'm sitting with my back to the door . I heard you , Doctor Yueh , and Gurney coming down the hall . Those sounds could be imitated ! I 'd know the difference . Yes . Perhaps he would at that . My father sent you to test me . Music , then ? No music . I 'm packing this for the crossing . Shield practice . Shield practice ? Gurney , we had practice this morning . I 'm not in the mood . Not in the mood ? Mood 's a thing for cattle and love play . Not fighting ! I 'm sorry , Gurney . Not sorry enough . Now , guard yourself for true ! Is this what you seek ? Good . The slow blade penetrates the shield . But , uh , look down . We 'd have joined each other in death . You did seem finally to get in the mood . Would you really have drawn my blood ? If you 'd have fought one whit below your abilities , I 'd have given you a good scar to remind you . Things have been so serious here lately . Soon we 'll leave for Arrakis . Arrakis is real . The Harkonnens are real . Doctor Yueh , do you have any information on the worms of Arrakis ? I 've obtained a filmbook of a small specimen . Only 125 meters long . Only ? There have been documented sightings of worms as large as 450 meters in the deep desert . That 's far from where we 'll be in Arrakeen . The desert belt and the south polar region are marked forbidden . The storms and the worms . Is it true that the sand can blow at 700 km per hour ? It can render flesh into dust in minutes . And these dry winds can also generate tremendous amounts of static electricity in the atmosphere . Our body shields won 't have enough power to operate in the open air on Arrakis . How do the Fremen survive there ? We don 't know much about the Fremen . They live in the deep desert , some of them in the cities . They have blue-within-blue eyes . The eyes . Yes . Saturation of the blood by the spice melange . Could the spice affect us in other ways ? Many dangers exist on Arrakis . For one , the Harkonnens would not have given up their CHOAM Company contract so easily . The Harkonnens are our enemies , yes . But behind them , I suspect , is the Emperor . You 'll make a formidable Duke . Now , remember , the first step in avoiding a trap is knowing of its existence . I know , but if it is a trap then why are we going ? We have our new army . Doctor Yueh , put the weirding module on him . Clear and lock the room ! Detachment , stand down . Activate a fighter . Make the range 2 meters . Precise control . That 's not Duncan 's style . Certainly not mine . That 's his mother 's influence . Duncan ! Paul , I was just on my way to say goodbye to you . I have to go on ahead , alone , I won 't be seeing you for a while . I wish you were coming with us . Why ? Something for your father . He wants to talk to you . I 'll see you on Arrakis . May the hand of God be with you . May the hand of God be with us all , Duncan . Father . Thank you for joining me , Paul . It will be good to get to our new home and have all this upset behind us . Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides three generations . He swears you are the finest student he has ever taught . Yueh , Gurney , and Duncan say the same . Makes me feel very proud . I want you to be proud of me . I 'll miss the sea . But a person needs new experiences . They draw something deep inside , allowing him to grow . Without change , something sleeps inside us and seldom awakens . The sleeper must awaken . Arrakis , Dune ... desert planet . I will kill you . The second moon . Tell me of your home world , Usul . Jessica , you were told to bear only daughters to the Atreides . Jessica ! It meant so much to him . You thought only of a Duke 's desire for a son ? Desires don 't come into this . An Atreides daughter could have been wed to a Harkonnen heir and sealed the breach . We may lose both bloodlines now . I vowed never to regret my decision . I 'll pay for all my own mistakes . And your son will pay with you . Is Arrakis ... Is it really so terrible on Arrakis ? My Duke ... You entered into this with full knowledge of the delicate edge you walked . Jessica . Girl . I wish I could stand in your place and take your sufferings . But we must each of us take our own path . I know . I understand . About Paul ... What you did and why you did it , we both know . But kindness forces me to tell you there is little chance he will be the Bene Gesserit totality . However , I will observe him . In a few minutes , Jessica , your son will be proved to be a living human being or he will be a dead animal . He 's here . Arrakis , Dune desert planet . Moving ... moving ... We 'll salvage what we can . But I can tell you , dear God , for the father , nothing . Did you really think you could bear the Kwisatz Haderach ? The Universe 's super being ? How dare you ! My greatest student . And my greatest disappointment . He 's awake . He 's listening to us . Good ! Ready yourself , young Paul Atreides . I want to see you in your mother 's chambers in one-quarter of an hour . Paul . This is very important . Remember you are a Duke 's son . This is the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam . She 's going to observe you . Please . Jessica , you know it must be done . Your Reverence . What about my father ? Paul , listen to the Reverend Mother and do what she tells you . Now , you , come here . She 's using the Voice . No . Some strength there . Surprising . Come here ! Come here ... Come here ... Do you see this ? Put your right hand in the box . What 's in the box ? Pain . Stop . Put your hand in the box . I hold at your neck the gom jabbar . Don 't pull away or you 'll feel the poison . A Duke 's son must know about many poisons . This one kills only animals . Are you suggesting the Duke 's son is an animal ? Let us say I suggest you may be human . Your awareness may be powerful enough to control your instincts . Your instinct will be to remove your hand from the box . If you do so , you die . You will feel an itching there . Now the itching becomes burning . Heat upon heat upon heat . It burns . Silence ! Silence ! I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . And fear is the little death that brings total obliteration . I will face my fear . I will permit it to pass over me and through me . I must not fear . You feel the flesh crisping . Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration . I will face my fear . Flesh dropping off . Fear is the little death . I must not fear ... Fear is the little death . I 'm ... The pain ! No ! Enough ! Kull Wahad ! No woman child ever withstood that much . Take your hand out of the box and look at it , young human . Do it ! Pain by nerve induction . A human can resist any pain . Our test is crisis and observation . I see the truth of it . Could he be the one ? Maybe . You know when people speak the truth ? I know it . Tell me of your homeworld , Usul . Your mother wants you to tell me about your dreams . I only want to know one thing : Do they come true ? Not all of them . I know which ones will . Perhaps you are the Kwisatz Haderach . What is that ? The person who can be many places at once . The one who bridges time and space . He will look where we cannot . Do you know of the Water of Life ? The bile from the newborn worms of Arrakis ? I have heard of it . It is very dangerous . The Bene Gesserit sisterhood use it to see within . There is a place terrifying to us , to women . It is said a man will come . The Kwisatz Haderach . He will go where we cannot . Many men have tried . They tried and failed ? They tried and died . Jessica . I sense your teachings in him . Ignore the regular order of training . His safety requires the Voice . I 've heard enough of my safety . What about my father ? I heard your talking . You speak as if he were dead . Well , he 's not ! But he 's not . And he won 't die . Tell me he won 't die . What can be done has been done . Mother , tell me ! The Voice could save you . Giedi Prime : Home of House Harkonnen . Mentat Piter De Vries . Message for Mentat Piter De Vries . The Baron is impatient for Leto 's reply . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed , the lips acquire stains , the stains become a warning . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed , the lips acquire stains , the stains become a warning . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . My lord . Piter . The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon , Baron , and I have here your answer from Duke Leto . What does Leto say , Piter ? He wishes to inform you that " vendetta , " as he puts it , using the ancient tongue , the art of Kanly , is still alive . He does not wish to meet or speak with you . I 've made my peace gesture . The forms of Kanly have been obeyed ! Bring in Feyd and Rabban . As you instructed me , I have enlightened your nephews concerning my plan ... My plan ! The plan ... to crush the Atreides . Feyd . Rabban . Go quietly . No other great house of the Landsraad ... must ever know of the Emperor 's aid to the Baron . The entire Landsraad would turn against the Baron ... and the Emperor . Put the pick in there , Pete , and turn it ' round real neat . You are so beautiful , my Baron . Your skin , love to me . Your diseases , lovingly cared for ... for all eternity . I will have Arrakis back for myself . He who controls the spice controls the universe ! And what Piter did not tell you ... is we have control of someone who is very close , very close to Duke Leto . This person , this traitor , will be worth more to us than ten legions of Sardaukar ! And who is this traitor ? I won 't tell you who the traitor is ... or when we 'll attack . However , the duke will die before these eyes , and he 'll know , he 'll know that it is I , Baron Vladimir Harkonnen , who encompasses his doom ! This is what I 'll do to the duke and his family . I once told you a daughter would be conceived at a time of parting . I remember . Conceived in love at a time of parting . Arrakis is a hostile world , though . I must be sure you want this . It has to be tonight , under these influences . I didn 't hear you with the wind . I whispered yes . And I whispered : " I love you . " Soon they will begin to fold space . Far off in the control rooms of spice gas . Travelling without moving . And now , the prophecy . One will come ... The voice from the outer world bringing the Holy War , the Jihad , Which will cleanse the Universe and bring us out of darkness . " The desert is a surgeon , cutting away the skin to expose what is underneath . " - Fremen saying . Book II : Dune A mother and a son . House Atreides took control of Arrakis 63 standard days into the year 10191 . It was known that the Harkonnens , the former rulers of Arrakis would leave many suicide troops behind . Atreides patrols were doubled . Each trooper will be charged with responsibility for preserving water . Our existence as an operating army depends on these following water-saving procedures . Remember , water is life . Why is the shield not yet up ? Sir , we found and removed another sabotage device . I think it 'll go up now , sir . They 're finding these sabotage devices too easily . House shield activating . My lady , the local people , the maids and servants , await your inspection . Hawat has cleared them . Excuse me , my lady . The Harkonnens may have tampered with them medically . When you said Harkonnens , I didn 't know you had so much reason to hate them . Well , my wife ... But , of course , you didn 't know my wife . The Har- - Forgive me . Please excuse me if I can 't talk about it . He 's holding something back . Yet there 's the Imperial conditioning . Assurance of trust . The Bene Gesserit mother , the legend . My message , it 's here . There are more enemy bodies coming in for your inspection , Doctor Yueh . Are you all right ? Yes , I 'm fine . Thank you , Thufir . Yes ? I am the Shadout Mapes . Your housekeeper , noble-born . What are your orders ? You may refer to me as " my Lady . " I 'm not noble-born . I 'm the bound concubine of Duke Leto , mother of the heir designate . " Shadout . " That 's an ancient word . You know the ancient tongues ? I know many things . I know you came prepared for violence with a weapon in your bodice . My lady , the weapon was sent as a gift , if you should prove to be the one . And the means of my death should I prove otherwise ? Do you know this , my Lady ? It 's a crysknife . Say it not lightly . Do you know its meaning ? It 's a Maker . Did you think I wouldn 't know the Maker ? My lady , when one has lived with prophecy for so long , the moment of revelation is a shock . Mapes ! You sheath that blade unblooded . Yes ! Take the Water of my Life . You are ours . You are the one . My Lord . My Lord ? Thufir . Haven 't you heard from Duncan Idaho yet ? No , Sire . I have , however , discovered what the city Fremen called out to Paul when we entered the city . Mahdi and ... Lisan al-Gaib , yes . It is a prophecy that a young leader will come to them with a Bene Gesserit mother . It follows the familiar messiah pattern . But Mahdi ? Yes . It seems it is written that he will lead them to true ... freedom . The History Of The Universe . In the years before the reign of the Padishah Emperors the Universe was ruled by thinking machines , computers and conscious robots . The people deteriorated into a state of apathy . Then they became victims and slaves of other men with machines . Safe . Spice . The second moon . The sleeper must awaken . It would have killed me . I was its target . It went to the motion . Who are you ? I am the Shadout Mapes , the housekeeper . I must cleanse the way between us . You saved my life , and we Fremen pay our debts . It is known to us that you 've a traitor in your midst . Who it is , we cannot say . But we are certain of it . A traitor . Set up a sonar probe immediately . Thufir ! did you find anything ? Nothing yet . Keep looking . And the traitor ? God help us . Harkonnen . My lord ... Again , my lord , I wish to tender my resignation- - Silence , Thufir . Stop acting the fool . I told you yesterday . If you made a mistake , it was in overestimating the Harkonnens . Their simple minds came up with a simple trick . Paul survived this largely because of your training . You didn 't fail there . Sit down , Thufir . My lord . Thufir , there 's this traitor . I know you 've cleared everyone , especially those close to us . But recheck and find him . Sector 6 through 80 progress report , Sire . Take it , Thufir . Sector 680 , copy the 6th , the summit , the 8th , quadrant over the 9th plus 84 circles , weave the 80 and call the 4th . Copy . 8 . Thufir Hawat , Mentat , Master of Assassins . The palace is now secure . The city of Arrakeen is under martial law . We have troops here headquartered underground on sub-floors 6 through 10 . The rest of the troops are stationed in Arrakeen and we have some on the airfield . Our new army is still in training , but everything , everything is shielded . And with this shielding we are impenetrable . Kynes ... Kynes ... Dr. Kynes is waiting . He is the Emperor 's Judge of the Change monitoring the evacuation of the Harkonnens and our taking control . He plans on taking you on an inspection of the spice mining operation . Now , he may or may not be sympathetic to our cause . But , Sire , with the attempt on the young master , I am against your leaving the palace . The attempt failed . Harkonnen captives have already been taken . We must crush the Harkonnen machine on Arrakis . You all know what to do ! Gurney , we desperately need more spice miners . Many are threatening to leave on the next shuttle . We need spice drivers , weather scanners , dunemen . Any with open sand experience . You must persuade them to enlist with us . " They shall come all for violence . " Their faces shall sup up as the east wind . And they will gather the captivity of the sand . " Very moving , Gurney . On your way . And take care of Doctor Kynes until Paul and I arrive . We will not be prisoners here in this place . Behold , as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work . So you are Doctor Kynes . The Judge of the Change . And the lmperial Ecologist , Sire . Our intelligence informs us that there 's still a strong Harkonnen presence . The process of removal continues . This is my son , Paul . Are you a Fremen ? I 've been on Arrakis in the service of the Emperor long enough for my eyes to change . In the service of the Emperor ... We are in your hands , Doctor . Your gift of the stillsuits is much appreciated . Would you give us an explanation of their workings ? Well , this is a stillsuit of Fremen manufacture , the most efficient type on Arrakis . Basically- - It 's all right , Gurney . Yes , Sire . Basically , it 's a high-efficiency filter and heat exchange system . Perspiration passes through the first layer and is gathered in the second . The salt is separated . Breathing and walking provide the pumping action . The reclaimed water circulates to catch pockets from which you can drink through this tube around your neck . Urine and faeces are processed in the thigh pads . Should you be in the open desert , remember to breathe in through your mouth and out through this nose tube . With a Fremen suit in good working condition , life can be sustained for weeks , even in the deep desert , Sire . My thanks . With your permission . You 've worn a stillsuit before . No . Your suit is fitted desert fashion . Who told you how to do that ? No one . It seemed the proper way . That it is . He shall know your ways as if born to them . We 're wasting time , Sire . Battle language ? Translate it . Very faint . Harkonnen . Air speed , zero-five . Ambient temperature , 300 degrees Kelvin . Air speed , three-zero . Ether bender , 75 percent efficiency . That 's where I told your sandmaster to concentrate the harvesting today . Southeast , over the Shield Wall . Ambient temperature , 350 degrees Kelvin . Air speed , one-three-zero . Caution . You 've now cleared protective Shield Wall and entered open desert . Will we see a worm ? Where there is spice and spice mining , there are always worms . Always ? Always . Why do they come ? To protect their territory . Vibrations attract them . Is there a relationship between the worms and the spice ? As I said , they defend the spice sands . As to their relationship with the spice , who knows ? Dust cloud ahead , Sire . That 's it . Spice mining . No other cloud quite like it . See the spotters over it ? They 're watching for wormsign , the telltale sand waves . Seismic probes on the surface , too , Sire . Worms can travel too deep for their waves to show . Looks like a good patch of spice . Wormsign ? Is it wormsign ? Yes . Worm . Big one . You 've got sharp eyes . May I ? Calling Harvester Pad Nine . Wormsign . Who calls Pad Nine ? Don 't mention the Duke . This is an un-coded channel . Unlisted flight northeast of you . Wormsign on intercept course . Estimated contact , 15 minutes . Have sighting confirmed . Stand by for a fix . Contact in 16 minutes minus . Very precise estimate . Who 's on that unlisted flight ? What happens now ? The carryall will come and lift off the spice harvester . Try to get in close over the harvester . You 'll find this interesting , Sire . They work until the very last minute . Spotter control , there 's no sign of the carryall . It isn 't answering . The worm is eight minutes away , Sire . Spotter control , give me a report by the numbers . Report One . No contact . Report two . Negative . Report three . Negative , sir . Report four . No contact . Repeat , no contact . I think they 've got our carryall . Damn it ! Harkonnens . We 're coming down to take you off the harvester . All spotters are ordered to comply . Ordered by whom ? Duke Leto Atreides . Yes . Yes , Sire . How many men do you have ? Full crew , 26 men . But , Sire , we can 't leave all this spice . Damn the spice ! Get out of there ! Two men in each of the spotters ! You , over here ! Run ! Run ! I can 't see him yet , but he is very close now . Damn sloppy . Really damn sloppy . Come on , boys . Come on . We 're going to be heavy , Sire . Spice . Pure unrefined spice . Here he is ! We 've got to go ! Bless the Maker and his water . Bless the coming and going of Him . May His passing cleanse the world . What 's that you 're saying ? Nothing . Gods , what a monster . Someone is going to pay for this , I promise . He 's more concerned over his men than the spice . I must admit , against all better judgment , I like this Duke . Duncan ! The Fremen have sent a message to you , Sire . Have you read this ? No , I was instructed it was for you . It says : " A column of smoke by day , a pillar of fire by night . " A warning . An obscure one , at best . What have you discovered about the Fremen , Duncan ? Tell me . Why haven 't we heard from you ? My lord , I suspect so much . I think they are the allies we seek . They are strong , fierce . They do not give their loyalty easily or quickly . As you know , the Imperium has never been able to take a census of the Fremen . Everyone thinks that there are but few wandering here and there in the desert . My lord , I suspect an incredible secret has been kept on this planet . That the Fremen exist in vast numbers . Vast . And it is they who control Arrakis . Dr. Kynes , being in the employ of the Emperor , as you are , perhaps it isn 't wise for you to associate too closely with us Atreides . On the contrary , I feel very comfortable here . Remember how precious water is here . It was a token of respect . Are you enlisting with us ? You see through to the truth of the thing , Sire . That means a dual alliance . He 's in with the Emperor . A dual alliance , yes . But not with the Emperor . The Fremen . Then let water be a bond between us . The Great Revolt . The religious crusade against thinking machines and conscious robots . After the Great Revolt , human beings were forced to develop their minds . See : Mental Training Schools . Two of the ancient mental training schools are : The Bene Gesserit school , established primarily for female students . And the Spacing Guild , which emphasises pure mathematics . Sorry you have to sleep so far underground , but we can 't take any chances . I see you 're studying . Knowledge is strength . Yes , so says Thufir Hawat . One must have more than that to hold Arrakis against our many enemies . Much more . Much ... more . Paul , if anything should happen to me ... Father , nothing 's going to happen . Yes . But if it should , l- - Yes ? Unknown objects on screen . We are attempting to identify . I 'll be back , son . Sleep well , my son . Father ... drugged ... Jessica . Forgive me , my beloved concubine . I should have married you . Why hold a dream to ascend to the throne through a political marriage ? I should have married you . What happened ? Yueh ! He sabotaged the house generators . We are wide open ! House shield deactivating . I 've destroyed the new army 's weirding modules . I 've brought House Atreides down . Why ? I wish to kill a man . Not you , my dear Duke . You were already dead . But you 'll get close to the Baron before you die . You 'll be tied and drugged , but you can still attack . You can still attack ! When you see the Baron , you 'll have a new poison gas tooth . He 'll want you close , so he can gloat over you . One bite on this tooth and a strong exhale ... Refuse . No ! You mustn 't ! Because , in return , I 'll save the lives of your Paul and Jessica . For Paul . When you see the Baron , remember the tooth . The tooth ! The tooth ! The shield is down ! The shield is down ! Open the doors ! Signals ! Get that shield up ! The shield ! The weirding modules ... destroyed ! Man the planes . Man the planes . Release the bombs , release the bombs . Long live Duke Leto ! The drug was timed . Dr. Yueh has been very valuable to us . What a pity you must remain gagged . We can 't let ourselves be swayed by your witch 's voice , now , can we ? Leto , where are you ? Bring him here ! You 've done a very good job . He hardly feels a thing . Open your mouth . Open it ! Open it ! You 've done a good job , traitor . They are alike , this mother and son . Paul . Dangerous . The training they have had ... beyond most people 's imaginations . Leto . I leave them in your hands , Piter . Goodbye , Jessica . And goodbye to your sweet son . I want to spit once on your head . Just some spittle in your face . What a luxury . We were ordered to kill them . So kill them ! What are your orders , Piter ? Take them to the desert , as the traitor suggested . The worms will destroy the evidence . Their bodies must never be found . I knew Yueh 's wife . I was the one who broke his lmperial conditioning . I 've thought of many pleasures with you . It is perhaps better that you die in the innards of a worm . Desire clouds my reason . That is not good . That is bad . They 're down on this floor somewhere . Down there . Duncan ! Back ! Keep him back from me ! You wish now to join your wife ? Is that it , traitor ? She lives ? You wish to join her ? Join her . You think you 've defeated me ? You think I don 't know what I 've gained for my wife ? Take him away . Guards ! Where are they ? They 're over the great desert . Continue reconnaissance . Yueh 's sign . He 's left us stillsuits . Don 't touch my mother ! He 's trying the Voice . Did you hear a noise from the little one ? I didn 't hear anything . The little one . Remove her gag . Excellent ! Remove her gag . There 's no need to fight over me . ... to fight over me . A poisoned blade . First cut my son 's bonds . ... my son 's bonds . That 's it . That 's it . Oh , my God ! Duke Leto Atreides . Someone 's torn the insignia off your uniform . That 's careless . It was Feyd . It was Feyd ? Duke Leto Atreides . Where is the ducal signet ring ? I must have his ring . The ring ! He was brought to us as is , my lord Baron . You killed the doctor too soon , you fool ! The doctor , Yueh , what did he say ? Paul and Jessica safe . Yes . The tooth ! He 's coming around , Baron . Where 's your ring ? Huh ? You do not answer ? Wait ! Wait ! You must come closer . The water of my life for Paul . He 's crying . He 's crying ! What does that mean , Piter ? Come closer , Baron . Jessica ! Paul ! Leto ! Leto , he 's dead ! Oh , he 's dead ! I know . Am I alive ? I 'm alive ? Yes , you 're alive , my Baron . I 'm alive , eh ? I 'm alive ! I 'm alive ! I 'm alive ! I can 't maintain any altitude . We 'll never reach the safety of rock . Maybe that small rock . Where are we , do you think ? The south polar regions . The forbidden area . Hold on . Hurry ! Take the stillsuits ! Hurry ! This crash might bring a worm . The signet . A million deaths are not enough for Yueh ! Where are my feelings ? I feel for no one . The second moon . I mean Paul Atreides . We want him killed . He who controls the spice , controls the Universe ! Never one drop of rain on Arrakis . The sleeper must awaken . Muad 'Dib ... Muad 'Dib ... Muad 'Dib ... They will call me Muad 'Dib . Listen to me . Listen ! You wanted to know about my dreams . Well , I 've just had a waking dream . Do you know why ? The spice ! It 's in everything here . Calm yourself . Like the Truthsayer drug . It 's a poison . You knew the spice would change me . But thanks to your teachings , it 's changing my consciousness . I see it ! I can see it ! Is he the one ? You carry my unborn sister in your womb . He knows . You and your Bene Gesserit sisterhood . I 'm not your Kwisatz Haderach ! I 'm something different . Something unexpected . I am so much more . You don 't begin to know me . Father ! Father , I promise , one day the sleeper will awaken . Father . " Dreams are as simple or as complicated as the dreamer . " - Liet Kynes , Imperial Ecologist . Book III : Muad 'Dib Go now . Take him to his desert to die . Go . Rabban ! Rabban ! We 're knee-deep in Atreides blood ! We 've gutted them ! We 've gutted them ! Rabban ! Rabban ! I place you in charge of Arrakis . It 's yours to squeeze , as I promised . I want you to squeeze and squeeze and squeeze ! Give me spice ! Drive them ! Drive them into utter submission ! Do not show the slightest pity or mercy ! Never stop ! Go ! Go ! Show no mercy ! Feyd . And when we 've crushed these people enough , I 'll send you . Feyd . Lovely Feyd . Where 's my doctor ? Yueh 's left the plan for the weirding modules . We have to get to that mountain of rock . We have entered the time when all will turn against us and seek our lives . It 's further than I thought . A worm is sure to come . I 'll plant this thumper . That should divert it . Remember ... walk without rhythm and we won 't attract the worm . It will go to the thumper . I 'm ready . Faster ! It 's deafening ! The spice ! Do you smell it ? Yes ! Paul ! Paul ! A thumper . What 's happened ? Why did it leave ? Someone started another thumper . We 're not alone . Man-carved steps . Yes . Such stealth . I didn 't hear them . Perhaps these are the ones the Shadout Mapes told us of . I will take the boy-man . He shall have sanctuary in my tribe . Stop ! Get back ! She has the weirding way . Great gods ! If you can do this to the strongest of us , you 're worth 10 times your weight of water . As the leader of my people , I give you my bond . Teach us this weirding way , and you both shall have sanctuary . Your water shall mingle with our water . Then I will teach you our way of battle . I give you the word bond of a Bene Gesserit . It is the legend . I am Chani , daughter of Liet . I would not have permitted you to harm my tribe . Come with me . I 'll show you an easier way down . He surprised me . It was an accident . Stilgar , I invoke the Amtal Rule . Jamis , you force this fight . These people have my countenance . If you should win , I will cut you down . Jamis , I don 't want to fight you . Maybe if I explain- - Explain ? Explain death . I am going to sheath my knife in your blood . No shields . I 'm used to shield fighting . Take my crysknife . Jamis turns to the right with his knife after a parry . And watch for a knife switch . May thy knife chip and shatter . How does it feel to be a killer ? He gives water to the dead . My son has never killed before this day . You have strength . You shall be known as Usul , which is the strength of the base of the pillar . This is your secret name in our troop . But you must choose the name of manhood , which we will call you openly . What do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon ? We call that one Muad 'Dib . Could I be known as Paul Muad 'Dib ? You are Paul Muad 'Dib . And your mother shall be a Sayyidina among us . We welcome you . The dream unfolds . The wife and sons of Jamis . This water belongs to Usul . May he guard it for the tribe . May he be generous with it in time of need . Jamis carried 33 liters and seven and three thirty second drachms . Do you accept them ? Yes . Water masters . Moisture ! Wind traps . Huge ones . Water . Millions of decaliters . A treasure . Greater than treasure , Usul . We have thousands of such caches , and only a few of us know them all . And when we have enough , we shall change the face of Arrakis . Tell me of your home world , Usul . Tell me of your home world , Usul . What is it ? Liet , Chani 's father , the leader of our people , is dead . Killed by the Harkonnen . For the father , nothing . Both of us have lost our fathers . Feyd , even though he 's aging , Thufir is one of the finest Mentats in the Universe . And he 's mine , Feyd , all mine . Quiet now . I will . Come . Oh , Thufir , I see they 've installed your heart plug already . Don 't be angry . Everyone gets one here . But this is not why we 're here . We 've brought you a little cat , Thufir . You must care for it if you wish to live . A poison has been introduced into your body , Thufir Hawat . By milking this- - this smooth , little cat 's body , you receive your antidote . It must be done each day . All I can see is an Atreides that I want to kill . Feyd , no . No ! Thufir 's a Harkonnen now . Aren 't you , Thufir ? My Duke , how I 've failed you . Jessica , our Reverend Mother is too old . She has been calling through space and time for you to come and let her rest . She asks that you pass within and become our Reverend Mother . Do you know the Water Of Life ? Come watch the mystery of mysteries . The end , and the beginning . The Water Of Life . The Water Of Life . If you be a Reverend Mother , let Shai-Hulud judge now ! But what of my unborn child ? Following the Bene Gesserit tradition , the old Reverend Mother surrendered her life as she surrendered her knowledge . Jessica had successfully transmuted the poisonous Water of Life . Every man who has tried has died . The sleeper must awaken . The tremendous power of the Water of Life caused the premature birth of Jessica 's daughter , Alia . Alia was born with all the knowledge and powers of a Reverend Mother . Chani , I love you . I 've always loved you . We sense that you may be the voice from the outer world . Both moons told us of you . You must pass tests before we will know . You must conquer the beast of the desert , both his outer and his deadly inner powers . Speak to us from the outer world . The Holy Warriors . No one ever dreamed there were so many . I am Usul . Paul Muad 'Dib . Our shared enemy , the Harkonnens , are once again in control of Arrakis . Stilgar , your leader , has asked me and my mother to teach you the weirding way to crush the Harkonnens . We must do more than this . We must totally destroy all spice production on Arrakis . The Guild and the entire Universe depends on spice . He who can destroy a thing , controls a thing . I will take 100 of your warriors and train them . This 100 will train the thousands that remain . When the spice flow stops , all eyes will turn to Arrakis . The Baron and the Emperor himself will be forced to deal with us . Arrakis will become the center of the Universe . Orato ! This obelisk is of your hardest stone . Kick it . Hit it . Yell at it . Break ! Korba , cut it . Move back . This is part of the weirding way that we will teach you . Some thoughts have a certain sound that being the equivalent to a form . Through sound and motion , you will be able to paralyze nerves , shatter bones , set fires , suffocate an enemy , or burst his organs . We will kill until no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air . Muad 'Dib ! Stilgar . Muad 'Dib . Hmm ? Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . My name is a killing word . They are ready to fight . Yet in order to lead them , I must conquer the worm , conquer Shai-Hulud . Usul , it is time you become a sand rider and travel as a Fremen . Take the kiswa maker hook of our sietch and ride as a leader of men . Two thumpers are planted . The worm may not surface for the first . He will rise for the second . And remember , when the worm approaches , you must be utterly still and close enough to plant the hook firmly under a ring segment . The worm will turn to lift this exposed area as far from the abrasive sand as possible , and it will take you with it to the top . Do not get too close . As he approaches , the sand will engulf you . Wait till the head of the worm passes , then go quickly . Shai-Hulud . I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . Only the very strong ones travel this deep . Usul has called a big one ! Again , it is the legend . Now we are ready for battle . Usul , these are 15 of our finest warriors to serve you as your guard . The Fedaykin . Now . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . What happened ? What happened to you and your men ? Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! What are you saying ? Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! He 's been repeating that name ever since we found him . Who is this Muad 'Dib ? In the two standard years that followed , Muad 'Dib and the Fremen brought spice production to a standstill . Fearing for his life , Rabban did his best to hide this fact from his uncle , the Baron . Paul 's sister Alia matured at a frightening rate . Her small body harboured tremendous powers . Paul and Chani 's love grew . We surprised a band of smugglers . Too bad . I thought they were Harkonnen . Gurney ! You 've no need of your weapons with me , Gurney Halleck . Paul ? Paul ... Don 't you trust your own eyes ? They said you were dead . They ... They said ... Gurney man ! You young puppy ! " And that day dawned when Arrakis lay at the hub of the Universe with the wheel poised to spin . " - from ' Arrakis Awakening ' by The Princess Irulan . Book IV : The Prophet Emperor Shaddam IV , you have one last chance to take matters into your own hands and bring the situation under control on Arrakis . What do you mean , one last- - Do not speak . Listen . You do not have more than this one chance . I represent the entire Guild in this matter . Our Navigators warn you that spice production is in great danger . A new Fremen leader , Muad 'Dib , has stopped spice mining on Arrakis . Our Navigators suggest he is not of Arrakis . No one on the outside world has been able to see him . We do not know who he is . The Harkonnens cannot stop him . Remedy this situation , restore spice production , or you 'll live out your life in a pain amplifier . The Emperor will stop him . He won 't take the Water of Life . I want 50 legion of Sardaukar on Arrakis at once ! 50 legions ? That 's our entire reserves as well . This is genocide , the deliberate and systematic destruction of all life on Arrakis ! The Emperor is coming ! Chani ! Chani ! Oh , Chani . All the images of my future are gone . I have to drink the Water of Life . No , Paul , please . I 've seen the men who have tried . I 've seen how they died . I 'm dead to everyone unless I try to become what I may be . Only the Water of Life will free what can save us . Paul . I must drink the sacred water . We must go now . Hurry . All I see is darkness . Paul . I will love you forever . You are my life . You are my life . Many men have tried . They tried and failed ? They tried and died . Alia ... Mother . It 's Paul . He 's taken the Water Of Life . Paul 's voice ! The Guild , they 're fighting me in the mental worlds . They 're behind everything . They fear the one who 'll come . Who 'll know more . Who 'll see more . There is a place terrifying to us , to women . This is the place they cannot look . Travelling without moving . Now I truly control the worm and the spice . And I have the power to destroy the spice forever ! Paul . Paul . Paul . Father ! Father . The sleeper has awakened ! Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Arrakis , Dune , desert planet . Your time has come . A storm is coming . Our storm . And when it arrives , it will shake the Universe . Emperor , we come for you ! We come for you ! Long live the fighters ! Long live the fighters ! Suspicion confirmed . The Emperor 's had Rabban seized . Stand by the main control room . Gurney , when the storm hits , set off the atomics . I want an opening through the entire shield wall . Stilgar , do we have wormsign ? Usul , we have wormsign the likes of which even God has never seen . Bring in that floating fat man , the Baron . Why have you brought me here ? Your Highness , there must be some mistake . I never requested your presence . Ah . But your lack of action demanded it . Your dreadful mismanagement , your bad judgment in assigning to Rabban the governorship . You 've forced me to come here and set things straight , personally . And why did you not tell me of the fighting ability of these people ? We 've just flushed out a nest of them in the open desert and the women and children overpowered some of our Sardaukar . We managed only one hostage . Bring in the hostage ! Only one . I am a messenger from Muad 'Dib . Poor Emperor . I 'm afraid my brother won 't be very pleased with you . Silence ! Kill this child . She 's an abomination . Kill her . Get out of my mind ! Not until you tell them both who I really am . ... who I really am . Alia , daughter of Duke Leto the Just and the royal Lady Jessica . Sister of Paul Muad 'Dib . Paul 's sister ? Paul is Muad 'Dib ? Alia keeps pace with the storm . With the storm , their air power will be useless . On Arrakis , it 's desert power . Gurney . Now ! Atomics ! Our army awaits us . My brother is coming with many Fremen warriors . Impossible ! Not impossible . I told you . He is here now . Father , today I will avenge your death . An impassable storm has descended . The Shield Wall has been penetrated by atomics . Release the Sardaukar . Baron , give this little abomination to the storm . Wait for my brother , Baron . Wait for my brother . Alia , now . Come to me , Baron . Muad 'Dib ! My God . They 've taken your mind . Gurney , I see Thufir Hawat among the captives . Let him stand free . The antidote ... Thufir . Come . In payment of many years service to my family you may now ask of me anything you wish . Anything at all . Do you need my life , old friend ? It is yours . I mean this , Thufir . If you are to strike , do it now . Three generations of ... you . Carry this noble Atreides warrior away . Do him all honour . Emperor Shaddam IV , there are Guild Heighliners above us containing many Great Houses of the Landsraad . Send them back . How dare you speak to me in- - Stop your speaking . You have some idea of what I could do . Don 't try your powers on me . Try looking into that place where you dare not look . You 'll find me there staring back at you . You mustn 't speak- - Silence ! I remember your gom jabbar . Now you 'll remember mine . I can kill with a word . And his word shall carry death eternal to those who stand against the righteous . The righteous ? There is a Harkonnen among you . Give the Harkonnen a blade , and let him stand forth . If Feyd wishes , he can meet you with my blade in his hand . I wish it . This is a Harkonnen animal . Let me . Please , my Lord . The Emperor 's blade . Why prolong the inevitable ? I will kill you . I will kill him ! Paul . I will kill him ! Who is the little one ? A pet , perhaps ? Will she deserve my special attentions ? You see your death . My blade will finish you . I will bend like a reed in the wind . Chaaksa ! Muad 'Dib . Usul no longer needs the weirding module . Emperor Shaddam ... Irulan shall be my wife , opening the way for an Atreides to take the throne . I sit on the throne ! You will sit on a throne on Salusa Secundas , your prison planet . Either that or you will die . The princess shall have no more of me than my name . No child of mine nor touch , nor softness of glance , nor instant of desire . This is my promise to you my love . Think on it , Chani . We who carry the name of concubine , history will call us wives . Muad 'Dib had become the hand of God fulfilling the Fremen prophecy . To lead the people to true freedom and to change the face of Arrakis . We Fremen have a saying . God created Arrakis to train the faithful . One cannot go against the word of God . And how can this be ? For he IS the Kwisatz Haderach !
