 Maubourdin leaves for a business trip and disappears . Stayed alone Mrs Maubourdin discloses to Patrick her incredible secret . Her and her husband come from another galaxy called EXI and were deported on planet Earth . Such as diving suits they had to dress themselves with human beings bodies to escape the pollution reigning over our planet . Patrick , still unbelieving , leaves in search of Maubourdin and falls on a closed down factory in which there are strange things happening . It 's in that factory that soul transfers take place . Patrick is captured and his body is about to receive an alien soul . Luckily , Maubourdin steps in , saves him and tell him that another alien race , enemy of the EXI for centuries , is deported at its turn , they 're the ZINX . The two men decide to go to Kerlut Manor , the EXI 's Assembling Center , to collect more informations . There a tragedy awaits them . The ZINX went there before them and have exterminated the EXI by making them breathing a seed whose germs grow in the stomach until they burst out of the bodies they grow in . The result is atrocious . Corpses disemboweled and teared into strips are everywhere . Plants don 't stop growing . Nothing resist them . Felling suddenly ill Maubourdin faints and dies under Patrick 's eyes . The plant has done its work . - I am Mrs Maubourdin . - Yes . I have no news from my husband . It 's necessary for me to go in his room and take very important papers . Here are my identity papers . Can you give me the key please ? But the rules say that ... Look . It 's very urgent . Thank you . Quick , Coretta ! Let 's go ! I don 't know what 's wrong with me . I feel very bad . Take this . It will do you good . Don 't worry . Patrick will be here very soon and he will cure you . It 's no use anyway . I 'm desperate . I have no option left . I beg you . Be brave . I 'm here by your side . You should try to sleep a while . Send a special car equiped with gear . It 's urgent . I don 't believe it ! They grow faster than ever those filthy plants ! - Soon we won 't be able to use them anymore . - We don 't have any other option . We got to make haste . On situation . Guys , we need your help . - Hello . How are you ? - Alright . I 'm really pleased to see you . It 's been a long time . So ? After your phone call I studied your case but ... I can 't do anything for you unfortunately . I 'd like to help you but ... Come with me . I will show you something . Come on . - What 's the use if you don 't want to ... - Come with me , I tell you . - Where ? - I take you to Central Intel . There 's a ton of UFO and E.T. testimonies . Our paper spent a fortune on checking those stories but it never gave results . - Give it a try at least . That won 't cost you much . - Despite my good will I will never have any money . Can 't you take a personal decision ? It never happens to you ? - You don 't need money . I can give you some if you want . - Don 't you understand ? Nobody will agree working on this case . Nobody . In a word you don 't believe me . You think I 'm mad . What you have to do to make a friend pleased ! I don 't understand . Everything has vanished . Well ... They probably got suspicious and noticed me watching them . They moved everything . Coretta ? Coretta ? How happy I am to see you . To find you again . Beware ! I 've been through a nightmare . What 's wrong with you ? I 've also been through a nightmare . I 'm sorry . I 'm talkin about me but I 'm certain that for you too it has been pretty hard . Mrs Maubourdin ? She 's dead . The plant ? I understand that you don 't want to talk about it . What of her now ? Buried ? You 're right after all . Let 's talk about something else . It 's sunny outside . Enough with that . In the end I don 't care . Come here . You know what we 're going to do ? We 're going to live together . Yep . I will work and we 'll have many children ... Above all I will stop putting myself in other people 's business . Yep . Good evening . You probably remember the macabre and unusual event which happened in Paris last week . Professor Mathot was found hanging at the top of a crane . Murder or suicide ? Police is investigating . Since a while the Professor was preparing a report on E.T.s. But you probably did 't know that our channel had planned a special show on the E.T. phenomenon . Tonight , exceptionally , we have modified our programs . We 'll show you a movie called " Space Conquerors " . There will be a debate after this movie and I 'm going to introduce you to our evening 's guests . But first ... I would like to thank Mrs Pauline Mathot who in spite of her grief has decided ... - It 's the woman I saw at Kerlut Manor ! ... to be with us tonight . It is obvious that the movie you 're about to watch ... What do you say ? Who is she ? She 's a ZINX . It 's them who have murdered Maubourdin . ... to start a conversation with Mrs Mathot who after long years at the side of Professor Mathot will be able to explain some phenomenon who are still unexplainable for us . Listen . I must absolutely leave . It 's very important . Please ... Mrs Mathot . I 'm sorry to approach you so rudely but I 'd like to talk with you . You 're really Professor Mathot 's wife ? I had great respect for him . Enjoy my car . I 'm furious . I couldn ' see the debate . They 've forbidden me to enter . It was interesting ? We made some important fine tunings . Some important fine tunings ... Which ones for example ? The eventuality of a war between galaxies . The E.T. presence . Finally other points which belong much more to Science-Fiction litterature . I 'm not as certain as you are that there is no danger waiting for us . I 've always followed your husband 's works . When I heard the news ... I was deeply touched . I did not know him but I was very admirative . And I was anxious to know the results of his research . It 's strange ... No-one never took his work very serioulsly . He was one of those persons who are trusted with missions while staying completely unknown . But ... the tv show on his work is still accounting for something . Yes , it 's true . I was suprised when I learned that this show was in the works . You didn 't know about it ? No . I learned it hapazardly . An indiscretion . It must have been very pleasant for you . What do you mean ? I mean ... It must have been very pleasant for you . I 'm sorry . What were we talking about ? I forgot . Yes . Yes . I believe we were talking about ... the joy you certainly felt knowing that your husband was about to annouce his sensational discoveries on TV . I think I won 't be able to help you . If you please , I 'd like to rest . Of course . Well ... I 'm gone . Hello ? Coretta ? I 'm fine . Don 't worry . No . I 'm in front of Mrs Mathot 's apartment . I go back to her apartement as soon as she 's asleep . I 've got the keys . I think I 'm on the verge of discovering what I 'm looking for . Yes , I mean ... it will make a lot of noise . Don 't worry , I 'll be careful . See you later . Coretta . I love you . See you later . I ... I 'm not a thief . I stole nothing . I was just reading ... Only reading . And what you 're reading ... do you find that interesting ? Yes . Very . I learn things ... but it 's long , it 's a big file . Then I 'm gonna make you earn some time . I 'll resume the situation for you . Thank you . I would not dare asking but since you suggest it so nicely ... In fact ... I was certain that you would be in the know about the Professor 's results in his research . Don 't misunderstand me . If I 'm talking to you it 's only because I 'm sure you won 't get out of here ... in the conditions that you could hope for . Anyway , I don 't think you would be able to teach me a lot of things . Maybe . I only wanted to tell you that the ZINX will invade the Earth , that we 're hundreds of billions and that my husband , Professor Mathot , was a ZINX . You seem astonished ? A little . It 's the drawback of improved evolution . THe ZINX , contrary to the poor EXI , keep a part of the personnality of the body the get in . Which allow them to integrate better to your societies . But ... accidents happen sometimes . My husband was an accident . His first personnality was so strong that it took the upper-hand on the second . And unfortunately it helped him enormously in his ... research . When we learned about this TV show project we had to kill him . Is that a gizmo ? Nothing very interesting . It 's a mineral from our galaxy . It becomes bright in presence of a ZINX . In the past it was a way of recognition for us . Now it 's just a decorating object . Look at me . " Pasadena Observatory has discovered that a great explosion had just happened in a faraway galaxy . A world seems to have been destroyed . One element from this galaxy heads towards Earth . Scientists are positive there is no danger . The element should stabilize in Earth 's orbit and become a kind of second moon . " Coretta , come and see . I finally have proof . What 's happening ? I thought I had found an extraordinary thing . It is extraordinary , my darling . Kiss me . When did it happen ? Now . Follow me . Look up , it 's our people . Now we 're saved . You know , we 're very lucky . We will be able to keep our love going on . timing : meatisgood translation : aloysius70 CINEMAGGEDON
