 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' ( Tannoy ) ' Registration for the Olympic Games is beginning . 'Please check your delegation and representatives ... ' Good morning , and welcome to the 2492 Interplanetary Olympic Games . We 're on the lovely Mykos in the Hypernia System and with me is Antonius Daven , " Mr Twenty-Eight " , a man who is always going someplace in a hurry with some pretty fast company . And on my fast feet . Two of the fastest in the galaxy . What is your strategy for the games , Antonius ? Who needs strategy ? We 're just going to do what we always do - run fast . Sounds good to me . We 're talking with Matt Brine ... - Hey , this is my interview . - I 'm the star . ... the gold medal winner in the horizontal ... We 're joined by a man - known throughout the galaxy ... - The universe . ... who won three medals last year . - Two golds and a silver . - Holl Headedson from Simpson . Two golds and a silver . That 's nothing compared to what I 'm gonna do this time . Are we still shooting ? - Here we have a sonic boxer . - Are you kidding ? Not me . A runner , then ? A tumbler ? A gymnast of some kind ? - What is your event ? - Free-gravity pull . A weightlifter . Why are you jumping rope ? Why not ? It 's easier than pulling weights . They 're heavy . Makes sense . 'Practice sessions for the 2492 Olympic Games have concluded . 'All athletes are to report to their sleeping chambers . ' Jorex ? Lara ... It 's been so long . Oh , Jorex , I was so afraid that I was never going to see you again . Such terrible things are happening on Loziria . And I thought ... No . They won 't hurt me . Not yet , anyway . The Satrap needs my gold medal in the Games . And after the Games ? After the Games , we 'll be gone . To a place where no one will ever find us . Oh , Jorex . How ? I don 't know . But there must be a way . We can 't meet here again . My quarters ? Tomorrow . After morning practice . Lara ... we will escape . Believe me . I do . I love you . I love you , too . The Olympic Games symbol in my century . I 've been asked to present it to the Olympic Committee before the Games begin . Quite an honour . The Olympiad has been a noble concept for thousands of years . It should be quite exciting . A great vacation , especially since you love sports . Bidibidibidi . All ready to go , Buck . It ought to be a lot of fun . Why don 't you come , Wilma ? I 'd love to . But I 've got a Centaurans meeting on Wednesday , a Security Council dance Thursday night and a Directorate caucus on Friday . Well , don 't say I didn 't ask . With your presentation and Dr Theopolis representing the Directorate , we 'll probably be glued to the holovision . Of course , and it 'll be just like being there . Maybe better . There 's nothing better than being at the Olympics . Except maybe the opening of the World Series . Well , let 's hit the road , Twiki . Take care of the place while I 'm gone . Have fun , Buck . Bidibidi . Bidibidi . There it is . Jorex , you should go . - If they find that you 're missing ... - I don 't care ! I 'm tired of taking orders from Alaric and the rest of those idiots . How dare you ? You are forbidden to enter these quarters . You 've been warned . You are forbidden to be here . If you ... Don 't . It won 't do any good . I 'm ready to go . You 'll forgive the interruption . ( Tannoy ) ' Heat five in the 40 km steeplechase will begin in ten minutes . 'All participants please check in with the starter . 'In the sonic boxing pit are Lex Bodin and Zoltan from Loziria . ' Ha ! Aaaargh ! 'That was a new galactic record in the 40 km steeplechase , 'with a time of two hours , 17 minutes , 34 seconds . ' The Olympics have sure changed since my time , Twiki . Used to be thousands of people would jam the stadium . Now this . ( Cheering ) Bidibidibidi . Well , it sounds like a crowd . ( Dr Theopolis ) Those responder units broadcast voices from hundreds of planets all over the galaxy . It 's still not the same . 'That 's Jorex Leet from Loziria . 'He 's the vertical leap gold medal champion from the last Olympics . ' I 've seen some high-jumping , but that 's something else . Let 's take a closer look . Hiya . My name 's Buck Rogers . I 've been watching you jump . You guys really get up there . ( Tannoy ) ' Mit Lipp of Centaur V is about to ... ' In my day , a jump of eight , eight-and-a-half feet was considered pretty good . You guys must go over 20 feet . Members of the Lozirian team are not allowed to speak to outworlders . 'The gymnasts are about to ... ' - What 's the matter ? - ' Will the contestants in the 10 km run ... ' - What is it ? - Leave me alone ! - What 's wrong ? Maybe ... - Go ! Now . Go ! The one talking to Jorex , who is he ? He is Captain Buck Rogers , a Terran . I want to know exactly what he is doing here and why he is talking to him . - Yes , sir . - We cannot be too careful . The Satrap himself contacted me this morning . His orders were very , very clear . I am to ensure the victory of Jorex Leet , no matter what the cost . Nothing and no one is going to stop me . Hello , I 'm Lara Tizian . The astrosled champion . A pleasure . I 'm ... Captain Buck Rogers of New Chicago . - That 's right . How 'd you know ? - I saw you presenting the flag today . - It was a very moving gesture . - Thank you . - So , now what ? - Just enjoying the sights . May I suggest you enjoy them with me , Captain Rogers ? I was just about to test-drive my astrosled through the course . - The view is wonderful . - Sounds great . - Stay out of trouble , Twiki . - Bidibidibidi . OK , Buck . Bidibidibidi . Can 't see the forest for the knees . - Watch where you 're going . - Pick on somebody your own size . There 's no one round here my own size . You might do . - I plan to tomorrow night . - You 're gonna be kissing canvas . Bidibidibidi . Don 't let me come between you guys . Let 's go right over here . She 's a beauty , isn 't she ? I 'm very proud of her . Careful . Come right around the front . Watch your step . Step on the power-lifters . And ... after you . Sure . - You can just give me a hand in . - Sure . There . - Ready ? - Ready as I 'll ever be . This reminds me of the bobsled , back in my time . - Bobsled ? - It was basically the same principle , just ... instead of sliding through ice curves you slide through force fields . Force fields , Captain , which you can 't see . You have to feel your way through them . If you run into one straight on , it can be very messy . I can imagine . Captain Rogers , why don 't you try it yourself ? The next three are yours . Wait a minute , I don 't have a license to drive these things . Easy . Easy , easy . Feel your way through it . That 's a tricky one there . Coming up is where you get your speed . - They have some surprises in this thing . - Absolutely . Very well done , Captain Rogers . We might make an astrosledder out of you yet . I was just getting the hang of it . We 're through with the course , but I thought we might take a view of Mykos . All right ? Sounds fine to me . I 'll drive . Our agent informs us Captain Rogers is here by invitation of the Olympic Committee . - An honoured guest , it seems . - That 's very interesting . That makes it necessary to examine the motives of this Tizian woman . She just took Captain Rogers up in her astrosled . Have a vid sensor concealed in her room immediately . - This really isn 't like me . - Oh ? Being so forward . I hope it doesn 't embarrass you . Not at all . The view is beautiful , the company 's charming . Buck ... - May I call you that ? - Certainly . Buck , you are a very attractive man . Thank you . You 're a very beautiful woman . You have a very kind face . It 's very sensitive . I may be wrong , but I trusted you from the moment I first saw you in the stadium . I knew that you were someone that I could talk to . And be comfortable with . I 'm glad you feel that way . Are you all right ? Yes . It 's just so very nice to be here with you . It feels very safe . Lara ... why did you bring me up here ? Because I need to talk to somebody . What is it ? What 's wrong ? Buck , you 've got to help me . Please help me ! Jorex and I first met at the Olympiad on Ramu . Then we fell in love . Please . Afterwards , they forced him to return to Loziria , so now the only time we see each other is at the different intergalactic games . But we still love each other and we want to be together . But an Alpha like Jorex is not allowed to marry an alien ... like me . Now they 're using Jorex as a symbol in their political struggles . If he doesn 't perform for them , the Satrap will have him executed . Why doesn 't he try to escape ? He must have chances . They have him watched constantly . That and the disharmoniser . The what ? Every Lozirian Alpha is implanted with a microscopic molecular disharmoniser in their brain . Alaric controls the impulse that activates Jorex 's . The headaches ... Whenever Alaric thinks that Jorex needs a reminder of who his master is he hurts him . Buck , Jorex and I want to defect ... to Earth . There is a plan . ( Buck ) ' It could be very dangerous . ' ( Lara ) ' But other defections have succeeded . ' Jorex can do it , too , with your help . He 's going to try , Buck , even without it . All right , I 'll see what I can do . First priority is to get this cleared through the Directorate , then figure out a way to get both you and Jorex out of here . Buck . Thank you . Jorex Leet wouldn 't dare try to escape . - You heard what Rogers said . - Forget what he said . Lara Tizian 's life is our guarantee that Leet will do what I tell him to . Bring her to me . Buck , the Lozirian Satrap will stop at nothing to maintain supremacy . - ' Jorex 's defection won 't be easy . ' - Can you offer him asylum on Earth ? 'We 're always open to political refugees . You 'll have our support . ' Great , that 's all I needed to know . Rogers out . Do you remember that Lozirian expatriate we took in last year ? Zogan , the athlete . Yes . I 'm going to get him in here . He might have information that could help Buck . Careful . He 'll never escape . The odds are too great . You did . But Jorex is virtually a political prisoner . The Satrap will do anything to keep control over him . Even kill him . Zogan , whatever our opinions , Jorex and Lara are going to try to defect and we want to help them . Can you think of anything helpful ? A weakness anywhere ? Lozirians are careful . The penalties for making a mistake are severe . Alaric 's weakness is an area that doesn 't matter . And what 's that ? He has a crippling weakness for women of all persuasions . He uses Exos to win them . - What is Exos ? - A Lozirian chemosteroid . Our athletes use it for physical development . It 's been known to have a rather persuasive effect on females . Well , how can that help us ? I 'm not sure . But since Alaric controls Jorex 's disharmoniser , it 's essential to get to him . Getting Jorex out alive won 't be easy . No , it doesn 't appear so . I wanna go to Mykos in case Buck needs help . You have my permission . Prepare to leave immediately . Setting a new course record of 24.28 seconds . The Directorate will give Jorex any help they can . - That 's wonderful . - Have you spoken to him yet ? I haven 't been able to get near him . - The Tizian woman 's surprise is ready ? - Yes , sir . Fine . Now we must create a interesting diversion for Captain Buck Rogers . A boxing lesson . We need to find out what his schedule is . That won 't be easy , with Alaric watching . We 'll come up with something . - When 's your race ? - After the vertical distance leap . We need to get Jorex to your sled . We can rendezvous on the other side of the force field course . Get something straight . You don 't talk to me , you don 't talk to her . - You understand ? - Jorex , please . - You 're making a mistake . - I can see what 's going on here . - Get your hands off ! - Keep clear , Jorex . We 're gonna give him a sonic boxing lesson . - I 'll give my own lessons . - Don 't fight over me . - I hate to see a man outnumbered . - That makes two of us . - Bidibidibidi . Three of us . - Now ... I think we should talk . I couldn 't agree with you more . Get the woman as quickly as possible . Colonel Deering , I told you the Satrap was desperate to keep Jorex under his control . - I didn 't realise how desperate . - What do you mean ? They 're prepared to kill him rather than see him escape . Alaric has modified Jorex 's disharmoniser . He now has the capability of destroying the atomic bonds in Jorex 's brain . He can reduce Jorex , and anyone within half a kilometre , to dust . In other words , Jorex has become a living bomb . Well ... hello . I didn 't order anything . 'Please accept this gift from an admirer . ' Oh ... What a lovely fragrance . - Is it from Jorex ? - ' It is not from Jorex . ' 'Excuse me . ' Bidibidi . Road hog ! - No answer . That 's strange . - It certainly is . Miss Tizian knew we were coming to discuss Jorex 's defection . Something 's wrong . Twiki , do your stuff . Very good , Twiki . The odour is Zemdon , an anaesthetic used exclusively on Loziria . Alaric 's found out about the defection . He 's got Lara . Come on , Twiki . - It 's done , Deputy Minister . - Thank you . Wilma , what are you doing here ? Hi , Buck . Dr Huer and 1 spoke with En Zogan , the Lozirian defector . He said Jorex has a brain implant . The molecular disharmoniser . Most Lozirians have them . His will blow him and everyone around him to pieces . He 's a walking bomb . When it rains it pours . Alaric has kidnapped Lara Tizian . Now this . Jorex knows Alaric . Maybe he 'll have a clue as to where he 's hiding her . - It 's worth a try . - Bidibidibidi . What about the bomb ? We have to deactivate it without Alaric knowing . If we deactivate it or just take it , what difference does it make if he knows ? A big difference . If he finds out , he 'll surround Jorex with people . We 'll never get him out of here . If you tell me how to find Alaric , I know how to get the detonator . He carries it on his body . How will you get that close ? Dr Huer and I had an interesting discussion with Zogan about Alaric . This is what we came up with ... Who are you ? What are you doing here ? Everybody 's talking about the Lozirian Exos and I just thought that I ... A Caruthian . You 've been enlisted to entertain at the Olympiad ? You 've heard of the infamous Lozirian Exos . Please , don 't turn me in to the authorities . Perhaps we could make some other kind of ... arrangements . Perhaps . You will remember nothing but that you had the time of your life . Buck , we 've got to find her . Alaric knows we 've discovered Lara is missing . If you make one wrong move ... - I need your help to find her . - Well , of course . Where does Alaric go on Mykos - bars , restaurants ? No , he has an apartment in a recreation complex . The Omega Suite . On the second level . Nobody there asks questions . That 's where I 'm gonna look for him . Jorex , I understand how you feel . But don 't try and help Lara now . Understand ? Yeah . ( Dr Theopolis ) I advise extreme caution , Twiki . - What do your scans indicate , Theo ? - A simple transmitting device . It utilises low-frequency Zeta waves . The speed of these waves is five times the speed of sound , or about 1,660 metres per second . Bidibidibidi . Something 's giving . - ( Buzzing ) - What is it ? The detonator has a safeguard system designed to destroy the detonator and Jorex if it is tampered with . The sound is a first-stage warning . Then we can 't deactivate it . I 'm afraid that is impossible . Then I 've got to take it back to Jorex before he wakes up . - He can 't know that it 's gone . - Bidibidi . Stuck again . Colonel Deering , we may have failed to neutralise the detonator , but my sensors indicate a useful solution for later . - What is that ? - Zeta waves cannot penetrate the Stargate configuration , since they travel at relatively slow speeds . If Jorex got through it ... Before Alaric realises he 's missing , and activates the detonator , - the pulse would never reach him . - Precisely , Colonel . I 'll take this back . I shouldn 't be more than half an hour . ( Tannoy ) ' In the sonic boxing pit moving into the second round , 'are Hollin Roberts of Reza II and Lex Bodin of Centaur V . ' - Lara . - How 'd you find me ? Never mind that , I 've got to get you out . Come on , we haven 't much time . Captain Rogers , we were planning on you joining our party . I 've even brought you a present . This is an authentic Lozirian ice cloud . As heat rises , so cold descends . This room will be the temperature of deep space in minutes . Enjoy it . It 's a once-in-a-lifetime experience . I 've heard of people being put on ice , but this is ridiculous . Buck , I 'm so cold . It must be below freezing already . - What are you looking for ? - A mirror . Give me your necklace . Buck , it 's getting colder . - Almost got it . - Buck , what are you doing ? A little trick-shooting . Two ball , one rail , side pocket . - What are you doing here ? - The minister called me here . Oh , another one . Go . He 's not as pleasant when he awakens . I was counting on neutralising the detonator . It was essential . We 're right back where we started . There might be a chance . There 'll be about ten minutes between Jorex 's competition and the awards . We can use that time . And the information Theo gave us concerning the detonator ... It just might work . Lara , you have to get to your astrosled and be ready to roll . - Don 't let Alaric or Karl see you . - Right . Twiki , tell Jorex to go to the astrosled after his competition . Not before . Bidibidibidi . Gotcha , Buck . Lara , Jorex will be with you . I 'll pick you up at the halfway point . We 'll race for the Stargate in the Starfighter . You want me to get the detonator back . Yeah . This time it doesn 't matter if Alaric finds out . - Everyone clear ? - I 'm wondering if I might be of assistance . What do you have in mind , Theo ? My receivers let me monitor the Zeta wave pulses from the detonator . The moment Alaric activates it , I will be aware of it . All right . I only hope it doesn 't become necessary . Let 's get cracking . Good luck , Wilma . - Thank God you 're there . - Indeed I am . To what do I owe the pleasure of this call ? 'I was in the rec compound this afternoon 'after leaving your quarters . 'I heard something you should know . ' - Tell me . - ' Not over the vidfon . 'It is to do with a plot against you . Shouldn 't I come to your quarters ? ' No . Where are you now ? 'Compound 7A , Unit 4 . ' Wait . I 'll be there in 30 minutes . 'Gymnasts from Remus I are about to begin their floor exercises . 'The 15 km run is about to begin in the south of the auditorium . ' I 'm going to watch Jorex 's competition . You go to the woman . Stay with her until I arrive . Bidibidibidi . All set with Jorex , Buck . ( Applause ) 'And now the final jump by Jorex Leet from Loziria . ' 'The winner , Jorex Leet , the vertical leap intergalactic champion . ' Well done . Report to my quarters immediately following the ceremony . We have things to discuss . 'Results of the 10 km run are in . Bronze medal , Zoltan from Loziria . 'Silver medal , Rianna Doyle of Remus II . 'Gold medal , Alexus Dwan of Maccedon III . ' ( Buzzer ) Well , hello , my dear . - Where 's the deputy ? - He 'll be here shortly . - Where did he go ? - That 's no concern of yours . Sit . - What 's your hurry ? - I have other appointments . They can wait . What are you doing in Captain Rogers ' quarters ? - Just passing the time . - Good . - Perhaps we can do the same . - Perhaps . ( Applause ) 'Now preparing for launching in astrosled chute B , 'the reigning intergalactic champion , Lara Tizian . ' Lara 's gonna take off soon . Where 's Wilma with that detonator ? 'Lara Tizian is approaching the first force field . ' I couldn 't get the detonator . We 've gotta stop Lara and Jorex . They already took off . - But Alaric 's gonna find out soon . - We 'll have to get to them first . You can 't fly the Starfighter through the force fields . It 's too big . - I 've been through the course . - With the astrosled . We don 't have many alternatives . - Where are you going ? - You need a copilot . And someone to monitor the detonator pulse . Bidibidibidi . And I 'm not staying alone . 'Congratulations , Deputy Minister . 'All Loziria is rejoicing with Jorex 's victory . ' Thank you . They 're making the awards soon . Then ... ( Newsreader ) ' In an unusual development , Jorex Leet , 'winner of the vertical leap competition , 'has not appeared to receive his medal . 'Officials are searching for him . ' 'What is the meaning of this ? Where is Leet ? ' He is in the stadium , my Satrap . He 's probably refreshing himself . 'You are responsible for his presence . 'Our people must see him receiving the medal . ' Find him . 'In another unusual development , our remote monitors have determined 'that the astrosled piloted by Lara Tizian is carrying a passenger . 'The identity of this person has not yet been determined . ' 'Deputy Minister , I trust you 're clearing up this unfortunate misunderstanding . ' - Yes , my Satrap , of course . - ' Where is Jorex Leet ? ' Satrap , I can assure you ... Deputy Minister , Jorex Leet escaped on the Tizian astrosled . 'Jorex Leet has escaped . 'Then kill him . Now . ' It is done , my Satrap . 'Why do not my sensors register an explosion ? ' The Zeta waves from the detonator will reach him shortly . I have a reading . The disharmoniser has been activated . My calculations indicate we have 29.43 seconds to reach the astrosled . Entering curve 33-G . 77 degrees right , 82 degrees left . 24.2 seconds . ( News ) ' A Starfighter has entered the astroslalom course 'and seems to be in pursuit of the Tizian sled . ' 15.7 seconds . - There ! - There 's no time to transfer them . The astrosled doesn 't have Stargate capability . We 'll try to catch them and tractor them through the Stargate . 11.3 seconds . Bidibidibidi . Time sure flies . Watch out , Buck ! The tangent is nearly 80 degrees . 'If they save Jorex Leet in front of the entire galaxy ... ' 7.9 seconds . - We 're close enough . Hit the tractor beam . - 5.9 seconds . Bidibidibidi . Give me a break ! 2.1 seconds . - That was close . - What do you mean , close ? We had a half-second to spare . 'You have failed in your mission , Deputy Minister . 'You know your duty . ' - It 's beautiful . - Yes , we rushed it over . It 's well deserved , too . You are a high jumper . I am so proud of you . I still can 't believe we 're here . We can never thank you enough . Thank Buck . He had to see the Olympiad in person . Buck , someone was looking for you , a man from UBC . - The Holovid network . - What for ? Well , they saw you on the Olympiad broadcast and thought you could cover the Equinox Exercises . - He asked if you 'd be interested . - What did you say ? - I know what a great athlete you are . - Wilma ... I figured one Olympiad in a lifetime is enough sports for anyone , even you . Good thinking .
