 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' ( ♫ Electronic rock ) I was afraid you were too good to be true , Tarkas . Your report to New Chicago will have to be delayed , permanently ! Remarkable . When the evacuation system opens , trash from all over Musicworld will be swept into space . This time it will include Tarkas . When does it evacuate ? Any second now . That 's Andromeda , the most popular group in the galaxy . They have an incredible influence over young people . - Sounds like The Beatles . - The who ? No , not The Who . The Beatles . A group that was popular in my time . Andromeda is a phenomenon , and possibly a disturbing problem . Problem ? Why ? Captain Rogers , data has shown that within minutes of an Andromeda concert broadcast from Musicworld , there is a 55 per cent surge in youth crimes . Frankly , we 're puzzled , and more than a little concerned . Were there similar problems in your time ? Not really . Usually , music gave kids something to believe in , identify with . It was a powerful force but a good one . - What is Musicworld ? - An abandoned military orbital fortress . It 's been renovated by a conglomerate of music promoters . And totally outside of Directorate jurisdiction , I regret to say . Dr Theopolis said something about crime . What kind ? Why , almost anything . Rioting , looting , wanton destruction . We 've been seeing this sort of thing . - It looks like some kind of uniform . - Disturbingly so . - Is an organisation behind this ? - We don 't know . We are investigating . We 've inserted an agent in Musicworld . - Our actions are unilateral . - Off the record ? If you mean unauthorised , yes . What has your agent come up with ? Nothing specific yet but Tarkas 's report indicates he 's onto something . His cover is as Andromeda sound tech . He sends coded reports as part of the concerts ' transmission . Yes , we 'll be receiving something later . Yarat , help me install this . Now we tighten the screws . ( Laughing ) Whooo ! Let 's go ! We have the message from Tarkas . Decoding is complete . - Veck ? - What 's the rest of the message ? The message broke off in mid-transmission . Maybe it wasn 't safe for Tarkas to continue . We 'll get the rest later . ( Alarm beeping ) - What is it , Doctor ? - I have a report . Disruptions have broken out at the youth centre . More information , Doctor . New Chicago Spaceport informs me that two young people have stolen a starfighter , numerals 1314 . - That 's my ship ! Those kids will be killed ! - I 'll dispatch intercepts . Cancel that . I 'll go myself . Have a ship stand by , Wilma , while I change into my flight gear . ( ♫ Andromeda on radio ) - What 's this thing doing ? - Almost half light speed . Half light speed ? We 're standing still , Elaine ! OK , gang , the ride 's over . What are you talking about ? We 're just beginning to fly . - Not in my ship , you 're not . - He 's gonna have to catch us first . Back off the power . At that speed you 're going to start phasing . ( Laughing ) - Mark ! What are we doing ? - I don 't know . How do we stop this thing ? - Maybe if I cut the power ... - Don 't . The controls will freeze . - Nothing happens . We 're accelerating . - What do we do ? Reach below the seat . There 's a red emergency box . Pull the switch , and hurry . Just sit back . Keep your hands off everything . I 'm taking over by remote . - What exactly is going on ? - I don 't know . It was so strange . We were at the youth centre watching Andromeda . Suddenly everybody went crazy , like someone pulled a switch . I don 't buy that . " The devil made me do it " was obsolete in the 20th century . - We really couldn 't stop . - That 's right ! I could see what was happening but it was like watching two other people . Have they ever been in trouble before ? No . That 's the intriguing thing . They 're two fine young people . - The music again ? - Yes , that had crossed my mind . Mine , too . Look , about these two , I don 't want to press charges . - What are you going to do ? - You 're not gonna take us to rehab ? - Oh , no . Worse . - Worse ? We 're going to send you home to your parents . Dr Huer , a starfighter patrol has found Tarkas 's body floating in space . He 's been murdered . That 's why the transmission was interrupted . Well , that settles it . Something is seriously wrong in Musicworld . - If only we didn 't have so little to go on . - Shall I take a closer look at Musicworld ? - Maybe I can come up with something . - Maybe . Except you could cause a great deal of suspicion . - Not if there 's a reason to be there . - Musicworld ? Andromeda give their first galaxy-wide concert in two days . - How can that help ? - It 's a natural ! A man from the 20th century , when rock and roll was born , goes to Musicworld , introduces Andromeda to the rest of the galaxy . - It 's a great promotion . - And a great cover . That 's brilliant , Buck . Absolutely brilliant . The person who promotes most of the concerts on Musicworld is a friend . - He could get you in . - I 'll prepare to leave . - You 're going to need some company . - Absolutely . Take Twiki . It 's possible I could be of some assistance as well , Dr Huer . I agree , Doctor . Colonel Deering and I can coordinate from this end . OK , great . Let 's get going , guys . You kids were fantastic ! Every broadcast is like seeing you for the first time . Oh , come on . You say that all the time . Because it 's true ! Cirus , those double-looped afterbeats on Stardrift were fabulous . I didn 't think it would work . As usual , you were right . I may have an idea once in a while , but if it weren 't for this group ... If it wasn 't for you , where would we be ? That 's right , Mangros . You made us . That may be a bit overstated , Rambeau , but thank you . Karana , are you going to include Timewalk on the galaxy-wide broadcast ? Why ? The mood of that song is so quiet , so thoughtful . On that broadcast , we want to be always building , climbing to a climax never reached before . Yeah . Well , listen . If you think that 's best , then we 'll drop it . It 's not what I think . It 's what we all think together . - Give it some thought . - Anything you say , Lars . 'Everything is set on Musicworld . ' Wesland has agreed to feature you as the MC . - He 's contacting Andromeda 's manager . - What 's his name ? Mangros . He 's one of the best in the music world . What do we know about him ? Nothing . Colonel Deering is preparing a bio-file . - Then he 'll be expecting me ? - ' Oh , yes . I 'm sure of it . ' - I don 't like it , Yarat ! - Wesland is the promoter . He insisted we use Rogers on the broadcast . I suppose he 's harmless enough . No one close to New Chicago 's leadership is harmless . Sir , one person can hardly be a threat to you . True . I always knew I was destined for greatness . The particle ioniser is my assurance . When the transmission begins at 1900 hours , everyone in the galaxy under 30 will be in the entertainment centres . With the ioniser at full power ... Instant , uncontrollable riots among young people on every planet . All authority will collapse within a few hours . Afterward , the heads of the galactic governments will have to come to me . Then , and only then , will I restore order . What about this Rogers ? Rogers will be returning to New Chicago an hour after he arrives ... on a hospital shuttle ! - That 's some welcoming committee , Twiki . - I thought we were stars . I guess not . Let 's see if we can find someone to point us in the right direction . 'Will the sonic engineer for Entro-Beat please call control room K ? ' And I wanted a welcoming committee ! Right behind you , Buck . Bidibidibidi.Take that , you bozo . - Thanks , Twiki . - Bidibidi . Glad to help , Buck . There 's a Captain Rogers to see you . - Is something wrong , Lars ? - Just show Rogers in . About tonight , we 'll still be able to have dinner , won 't we ? We 'll see . Captain Rogers is waiting , Joanna . Captain Rogers ! Come in . Lars Mangros . How good of you to come to Musicworld ! - I wouldn 't have missed it . - I can 't apologise enough . First , I miss your arrival . Then the incident with those hoodlums . - Does that happen often ? - Not to Musicworld natives , but some of these kids think of strangers as their legitimate prey . - Well , I 'm willing to forget about it . - It 's best forgotten . Now , listen . About the concert . Mr Wesland felt I 'd be a perfect MC , but I haven 't had much experience of this sort of thing . I assumed you weren 't a professional entertainer . I 've arranged for some writers . - We 'll make it as easy as possible for you . - Thanks . That 'll be great . I 'll have you escorted down to meet Andromeda . They are recording now . Fine . Thank you . All right , let 's try that one . So , you must be the famous Buck Rogers . You must be the famous Karana . - And you are ? - Rambeau . - Cirus . - Hiya , Cirus . - ' Do you want to hear it back ? ' - Not especially , but go ahead . ( ♫ Song playing back ) Enough . - What was the matter ? Sounded great . - We have a new sound man . - He 's not quite there yet . - What happened to the old one ? He disappeared , drifted on . You know how these people are . So , we have you on Musicworld for a couple of days ? - Looks that way . - I 'd be glad to show you around . I 'd like that very much . - See you back at my quarters , Twiki . - Bidibidi . Gotcha , boss ! Your group 's got a great sound . It 's like 20th-century rock and roll . - Oh , yeah ? - Yeah , really . ( Excited squeals ) Hello there . There you go . Thank you . Every time I go out , I need a hand transplant . - Everybody wants to touch a hero . - And autographs , pictures , advice , words of wisdom . - All I am is a musician . - Not to them . They 're crazy about you . Sometimes I think that 's exactly what they are . Crazy . Look , they 're the kind of fans we 'd like to do without . - Those people in the black uniforms ? - Mm . It 's strange . We 've got a huge following among those gangs . Who they are and what they do is opposite from everything we believe in . Have you tried talking to them ? We tried , but then Lars said no one wanted to hear us sermonise , so we quit . - You do everything Lars Mangros tells you ? - We owe him a lot . He made Andromeda into what it is . Without him ... That pendant - everyone in the group wears them . What for ? Good luck , I guess . Lars gave them to us before our first concert . He said if we never took them off , nothing could go wrong . - And ? - And so far , so good . Oh , things couldn 't be better . He 's a wonderful person , Buck . He really is . - ' Anything new from your end ? ' - No reports of youth-related violence . And no Andromeda concerts recently , either ? Right . Colonel Deering has completed part of her research on Lars Mangros . - What have you got , Wilma ? - ' Actually , very little . 'Lars Mangros is some sort of musical genius . 'He 's generally credited for creating the Andromeda sound . ' The Andromeda sound ? Rock and roll ? 'Exactly . 'Before he got into music , he was a research engineer . 'He wrote some highly respected papers dealing in particle movement theory . - ' Ring any bells ? ' - No , I 'm afraid not , Wilma . I 'm going to the control room later . I may find something . - ' That doesn 't sound safe . ' - I don 't think there 'll be problems . - It 's been pretty quiet . - ' Be careful . 'We still don 't know what or who we are dealing with up there . ' So , Captain Rogers is not an entertainer after all . An actor , perhaps , but not an entertainer . - Shall I send a squad to his room ? - No . We need something more subtle . - You wanted me , Lars ? - Leave us . I wanted to apologise to you for last night . I 've let business interfere with our relationship . I was afraid you didn 't find me attractive any more . Joanna , you know I think you 're the most beautiful woman in the galaxy . A toast . To our new togetherness . Darling , there is one thing I have to ask of you . - Anything , Lars . - You do love me , don 't you ? - Yes , of course I do . - I want you to prove it . - How ? - Very simple . Tonight , I want you to entertain Captain Rogers . I don 't even know Captain Rogers . Trust me , Joanna . And do this for me , just this once . Please ? All right . Let 's hope this microchip I found in the office can tell us something . There 's " Veck " again . Doctor , what are we looking at ? This is the brainwave pattern of an adolescent human . - What are those high peaks ? - Severe disturbance , externally caused . - By what ? - I can 't determine that . Physical shock , perhaps stimulants . How long to analyse one of Andromeda 's recordings ? A few moments . Their music has been logged in the archives . Great . Let 's do it . 'How are things going up there , Buck ? ' We may have a connection between the music and the riots . We 've come across some disturbing information . 'What is it ? ' Directorates on other planets have had problems with youth violence similar to ours . Without exception , each outbreak has followed a concert by Andromeda . 'I 've met the group . They seem all right . ' Maybe . But can you imagine what it would be like after the galactic transmission ? - ' We 're still not certain it 's the music . ' - We can 't take a chance on that . The Earth Council has voted to block the broadcast with a jammer satellite . 'If you block that broadcast , I guarantee you 'll have riots all over the galaxy . ' why ? 'The kids will take it as a move against them . They won 't like it . ' Doc , have you ever heard the expression " Veck " ? 'It 's a contraction of the word " vector " . It 's used in biology , principally , 'and has to do with a microorganism which carries another . ' Bidibidibidi . Piggyback ! - But what 's it got to do with music ? - ' l can 't answer that . ' All right , Doc . Look , we 've got a few hours left before the broadcast . Maybe I can fit these pieces together before then . 'I hope so . Good luck . ' Thanks , Doc . Theo , what have you got ? My analysis shows that the music could have no adverse effect on anyone listening . That means we 're right back where we started . Wilma mentioned something about Mangros working with particle movement theory . That might tie in with this vectoring . Check it out . Certainly , Captain . Captain Rogers ? - May I talk to you ? - Sure . Privately ? It 's very important . Would you guys mind ? I 'll only be a little while . Bidibidi . Not if she can help it . See you , babe ! I think this will add something to Joanna 's visit with Captain Rogers . Now , what is this all about ? - You probably think I 'm being silly . - Not if it 's important to you . I just wanted to spend some time with you . Well , maybe later we could ... I just couldn 't keep away any longer . Joanna , that 's all very nice , but ... No , Buck . You don 't understand . Joanna , really ... Look , really ... I think you got the wrong guy . - Don 't you find me attractive ? - Certainly . Then hold me , just for a moment . Please ! ( ♫ Andromeda ) ( ♫ Andromeda ) Oh , Buck . Let go . ( Music stops ) What am I doing ? Captain Rogers ! Nothing much . Just trying to kill me . I did ? I don 't know why . It was like I was on the outside , watching . A lot of people seem to be having that problem these days . You 've got to get out of this place . Leave Musicworld ? Lars is here . He may be a very large part of the problem . Listen to me . Go straight to the hangar . I 'll arrange a shuttle to take you to Earth . What if Lars finds out ? Look , if I put you on the shuttle myself , will you go ? - OK . - All right , I 'll meet you there in half an hour . Bidibidibidi . Somebody rain on her parade ? And almost on mine ! Anything on Mangros ? Quite a bit . He authored a highly classified monograph on The Effects Of lonised Wave Particles To Regulate Human Behaviour . - May I quote ? - Go ahead . " It is essential that any ionised particle transmission be amplified " by carrying it on a highly charged wave , such as sound . " In that event , the emotions of any human may be readily controlled . " The piggyback method ! Mangros is transmitting ionised particles in music . Correct , Captain . I did find an ionised particle transmission in the music . There can 't be a concert tonight . Let 's go see the group . - I don 't believe it . - Neither do I. Buck , I realise you 're trying to solve this problem but you 're missing something . - Why doesn 't the music affect us ? - I 'll show you why . Rambeau , would you play back your last concert for me , please ? ( ♫ Music starts ) Well ? None of us are tearing anybody 's throat out . Take off your necklace . - ( Screaming ) - Rambeau , shut it off . I don 't believe it . I tried to kill you . Your necklace acts as a filter . Can you imagine that happening to millions of kids when Andromeda plays tonight ? - We 've got to talk to Lars . - I don 't think that 's a good idea . What can he do ? - If we go , he 's got nothing . - That 's right . Besides , he 's been more than just a manager to us . We owe it to him to talk to him ourselves . - It 's the way it 's got to be , Buck . - All right . I 've got to put Joanna on a shuttle to Earth . I 'll do that while you talk to Mangros . I want you back in my quarters in an hour . We 'll be there . Thank you . - You aren 't going to deny this ? - Why should I ? It 's all true . Besides , my plans hardly require your approval , or even your presence . I 've got a vid library of all your performances . Andromeda will appear tonight at 1900 hours , exactly as scheduled , and none of your mindless fans will know it 's not a live transmission . Put them somewhere safe . I 'll think of a suitable accident later . It 's been almost two hours , Twiki . Mangros must have Andromeda . He 'll force them to play . - Bidibidi . That 's not music to my ears . - It 's not to mine , either . If we can find that ion transmitter and destroy it , Mangros can 't do anything . - But where is it , Buck ? - I believe I can help , Captain . My sensors indicate at this moment it is in Mangros ' office . This is an old military satellite . Do you have the plans stored , Theo ? - Yes . - Can I get to his office without being seen ? The only possibility is through the waste disposal system . - That 's a way ? - The only way , Captain , but unfortunately the duct is too small to accommodate a man in certain areas . - How about a little squirt like me ? - A little squirt ? It 's got to work . We don 't have any alternatives . - Bidibidibidi . So give me a boost , Buck . - Come here . All right , Twiki , when you find that transmitter , destroy it . Bidibidibidi . Gotcha , boss ! I 'll try to locate Andromeda before Mangros takes some action we might all regret . Good luck . Going somewhere , Captain ? Pity . We were coming to visit you . - I was gonna run over my speech . - I 'm sure you were . Put him with Andromeda . Why not just kill him now ? Because we want to arrange a spectacular martyr 's death for everyone after the concert transmission . - Buck ! What happened ? - I zigged when I should have zagged . I should have brought my stilts . Keep going , Twiki . The next hatch should enter into Mangros ' office . There it is . This is unacceptable , Mangros . I demand to know where Captain Rogers is . 'We all do , Dr Huer . After all , the concert is due to begin in minutes . ' That concert must not go on ! 'I 'm surprised at you , Doctor . 'Young people all over the galaxy are waiting to hear Andromeda . ' Mangros , Earth Directorate has placed a jammer satellite in orbit around Musicworld . - You give me no alternative but to utilise it . - ' Don 't be foolish , Doctor . ' You 're the one that 's being foolish . ( Tutting ) 'How unfortunate , Doctor . 'Some vandals must have booby-trapped your satellite . 'I assure you , I 'll open an investigation ... after the concert . 'Good night , Doctor Huer . Enjoy the concert . ' Bidibidi . I can 't reach it ! Bidibidi . - Whirring . - What 's happening ? We will be blown into space . Uh-oh . I think I 'm in trouble ! Bidibi . Bidibidi . Is this what they mean by " hanging out " ? Bidibidbidi . You didn 't tell me we could get flushed . It was not in my files . They must have modified the system . Let 's get outta here ! No , the evacuation will be periodic . We have time to try again for the transmitter . - It 's like 10-point steel . - Well , it 's cronide . We have to figure a way out , and hope Twiki and Theo can get to that transmitter . Alert all security units . Full emergency status ! ( Lively disco , chatter and laughter ) How many cycles per second can you get out of this ? - There 's no limit . - What effect would that have on cronide ? First , we 'd have to disconnect the CPS governor . - But then we can connect the speaker to it . - Right . Well , let 's get to it . The lug beat us to it . Hello . How is everybody ? We have the entire galaxy wired for audio response , and I can 't hear you . Now , one more time , how is everybody ? ( Shouting , whistling and cheering ) That 's better . All right , here they are , in their first galaxy-wide broadcast , a performance you will never forget ... Andromeda ! ( Cheering and whistling ) Roll vid version . ( Kids ) Andromeda ! We want Andromeda ! 'It 's hopeless , Doctor . Their transmission is too powerful . We can 't block it . ' - Ready here . - Got it ? All set . OK , guys . Here , I think you 'd better put these on . ( Pulsating , growing in intensity ) ( Abrupt explosion ) ( Buck ) Let 's get to the broadcast stage . When I go on stage , turn the transmitter to full output . Yes . Is there any other way backstage ? Fingers crossed . I 'm going to try to draw them off . Bidibidibidi . These ducts are much larger , Buck , and lead directly backstage . When we get to the youth centre , keep a low profile . - Those kids won 't listen to you . - We have to try . - What are the reports from other planets ? - Riots breaking out all over the galaxy . I 'll take out Yarat and the transmitter . When the vid version of Andromeda stops , take its place . Give the galaxy a real concert . And give Mangros a big surprise ! - We 'll be there , Buck . - Let 's go , Twiki . ( Pulsating ) - All right , Twiki . - Bombs away ! ( Pulsating stops ) ( Music stops ) ( Anxious chatter ) Youth of the galaxy , listen to me . The time has come to demand your freedom , to create your own lives . I will show you how . Andromeda will show you the way ! The time is now ! Go into the streets . Let nothing , let no one stop you . Destroy , so we can begin rebuilding a new galaxy , our galaxy ! - Who 's that whacko ? - I don 't know . Follow me , people ! Andromeda and Lars Mangros will show you the way ! ( Laughing ) ( Laughter echoes ) ( Laughing ) Oh ! Well , let 's do it ! ( ♫ Music resumes ) Arrange for the Directorate to pick up Mangros . Yes , sir . Thank you , Buck . Bidibidibidi . Long live rock and roll , Buck ! All right !
