 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' ( Alarm buzzing ) What 's going on ? The entire complex is under alert . Yes , I know . ( Alarm stops ) Ten minutes ago our orbital defence system registered the presence of hundreds of alien objects in Earth 's orbit . Our fighter squadrons have made no visual contact . - Is something jamming their sensors ? - Perhaps . But it 's highly unlikely . Doctor , my sensors detect a tightly-focused energy beam penetrating our ... Oh dear . Bidibidibidibidi . Doesn 't anybody bother to knock any more ? - Dr Theopolis , what is it ? - Unknown , Doctor . My sensors are unable to penetrate its exterior . However , in light of its unusual materialisation , I would suggest securing the entire Directorate complex immediately . Bidibidi . Good idea , I 'll secure the basement . - No , Twiki ... - Oh , rats . It 's impossible . This object does not register on my sensor . This may sound crazy but how about touching it ? - Touching it ? - It may not be a weapon at all . It may be a communication device , touch-activated . That could be awfully risky . Would you rather leave it here , turn it into a plant stand ? Your sensors aren 't doing any good . - What have you got to lose ? - Nothing . Whoever sent it has obviously developed a sophisticated method of matter transmission . Anyone capable of that could have killed us all long ago . I think Buck 's suggestion is a good one . Here goes . Wait , Buck . Be careful , please . Hell ... What do I know ? Bidibidibidibidi . Killed by a yo-yo . What a way to go . ( High-pitched humming ) You 're right , it is a communicating device . Look what it 's communicating . - " The man out of Old Earth 's past ... " - " .. has the key to the next and the last . " - " But you won 't solve this riddle ... " - " .. till the end is the middle ... " " .. and Terran sands disappear with a blast . " That last line sounds ominous . They could teleport an entire star fleet into Earth 's orbit and decimate us before we could scramble a single squadron . Why haven 't they done it already ? ( Buck ) Why play games , writing limericks ? - Limericks ? - Yeah , limericks . An old and honourable form of literature . It goes back even before my time . Obviously the puzzle was specifically geared to you , Buck . " The man out of Old Earth 's past " is a clear reference to you . ( Buck ) Yeah , I know . It says I hold the key to the first and the last . Which means ... to the life and the death of the Earth . By using psych-probes we 'll be able to refer to this mysterious ... ls it limerick ? Mm-hm . I 'm sure you know as well as I do that there are people who could harbour a grudge against you . This scan will help select the most likely candidates . Just lie back and relax . Let your mind drift . That 's it . Well , that 's enough drifting for now . Perhaps you could concentrate on the words of the riddle . That might trigger some memories . ( Buck ) Let 's see . There 's the thing about the key . We used a lot of keys when we rescued that girl Falina from Sinaloa . - Where have you been ? - Never mind . Karl Morphus just arrived . - That 's as good as my news . - What about the man who followed you ? - 1 know where they 're keeping Fauna . Good . It 's impossible to get there without one of four existing keys . Sanitation module 07 doesn 't make its rounds till after midnight and if Morphus is here now , we might as well pack . - Who else has a key ? - Velosi 's goons . - And Velosi ? - Naturally . - Marla . - You 'll have to wait just a minute . I don 't like to wait . And with this , I rarely have to . I thought you 'd feel that way . I 'm sorry to spoil your plans this evening . Yes , I am disappointed . Until now . Kill her . - Please don 't move . - Come on . Get over there with your boss . Move . I 'll just take that key you 're so proud of . You 'll die before you leave this city . You think so ? Get over there . Come on . Move . If I were you , I 'd worry more about how you 're gonna get out of here . Let 's go . Go and prepare for takeoff . I 'll get Falina . - You got the detonator ? - I 'm all set . I 'll see you at the ship . Buck Rogers , what are you and that lady up to ? - Later , Tangie . - It looks dishonest . - I don 't have time . - If you don 't help me out of this city , Security 's gonna get a call from me . - Next time I 'm in town . - You won 't get away with it ! Now , I want you to close your eyes . Very soon you shall find yourself afloat in a sea of colour and sounds , and then blackness , and then everything ... everything shall come to an end . ( Alarm beeping ) Name is Buck Rogers . Let 's get out of here . Morgan Velosi is a formidable opponent on his home territory but he hardly commands the resources necessary to mount an attack on Earth . All right , let 's look at the limerick again . That last line , " And Terran sands disappear with a blast " . Well , there 's sand ... Desert ... Sounds like Zeta Minor . And , come to think of it , Zeta Minor started with a blast . Hope you 're wearing climbing shoes . The elevator 's out of order . Escape is not possible . Prisoners will report to the day room . Escape is not possible . Prisoners will report to the day room . Escape is not possible . Jen , you 've been in there for ten months . He won 't spring you out . He 'll leave you and the secrets of the murders in there forever . I don 't care about you , so stop pretending you care about me and who I am and just leave me alone . Sand squid ! You got it . Come on . Buck ! Oh , hi . Can we talk about this ? Oh , God ! OK , big guy , come on . Sometimes a frontal assault works best . All right , move . Get over there . - Are you all right ? - I 'm fine . - Rescuing you 's a full-time occupation . - March out of here single file . Not quite , Colonel . Drop your weapons now . Frontal assaults do have drawbacks . ( Screaming ) ( Buzzing ) Why 's he after me , Wilma ? What is it ? - It 's your bracelet . - It is , huh ? No ! Be my guest . According to my locator banks , the android Hugo is still at large on Zeta Minor . I suggest we proceed , Buck . We really must continue , Dr Huer . - Well , so much for him ... - ( Alarm buzzing ) - What 's that ? - The sensors in my office . They were keyed to that strange object . ( Wilma ) It 's gone . Bidibidibidibidi . Well , so much for the yo-yo . I 'll be going now . Sorry , Twiki . I think everything 's far from over . In fact , I think it 's just beginning . It seems the object has sewed its function . I wonder what else we can expect . Let 's get on with this . I 've got a feeling we don 't have much time . How about Roderick Zale ? The guy who kidnapped Hieronymus Fox of Genesia . Zale is certainly resourceful enough . And quite possibly ruthless enough . Greetings , Mr President . My name is ... Your name is Roderick Zale , your speciality is political abduction , and your modus operandi sticks out like a sore thumb . Half the galaxy probably knows you snatched me . You 're as perceptive as I was told . How much are you asking for me ? A reasonable price . 6,000 kilograms of pure quadrillium . ( Scoffs and laughs ) Ain 't no way the Genesians are gonna cough up that much . I don 't even think we 've got that much quadrillium . Then they 'd better find it somewhere . Or within a week , their technological miracle worker will die . Come on , Zale , I 'm worth more to you alive any day of the week . Even if the Genesians don 't pay up , you can sell my brains to the highest bidder . So don 't give me any of that Dr Doom jive . You 'd better take good care of me if you know what 's good for you . Starting right now . We 're not gonna tell him where the kid is . - Buck , they 'll kill us . - The woman 's right , Rogers . If you do know where the President is , you 'd better tell us . Otherwise you 'll both die . And if we do tell you , we 'll probably still die . There are many ways to die ... long and short . Uh ... hi there . I bet you 're wondering what I 'm doing in your parcel bin . Actually , I 'm not a real person at all . I 'm a doll . That 's it . A preprogrammed cybernetic doll . My name is Ken . Mr President , are you all right ? Before I answer that , whose side are you on ? Yours . Colonel Deering from the Earth Defense Directorate . - How did you get away from Zale ? - Nothing to it . I just did a quick impersonation of a sack of groceries . - I guess I 'm a little late . - No , you 're just in time . My bodyguard , Dia Cyrton , is here on Aldebaran . She and some Buck Rogers are on their way to Zale 's place . Buck ? If we don 't help them , they 're both gonna get wasted . You know what wasted means ? Sorry . Can 't let you do that . I 'm terribly sorry but I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to kill you . Koren to Zale . Come in , Zale . Mr Zale ! Mr Zale ! Maybe he slid back under his rock . Shut up , or so help me , I 'll kill you right here and now . I think she might have something to say about that . That one is almost as old as you are . Old but true . Mighty nice shooting , Colonel . Thank you , Mr President . True , Roderick Zale is a cunning , dangerous criminal . But his personality index would seem to indicate a cold-blooded pragmatist not inclined to seek revenge on such a grandiose scale . Bidibidibidibidi . You wanna run that by me again ? I said , Roderick Zale ... Forget it ! " Till the end is the middle ... " What is that supposed to mean ? This is like trying to work your way through a maze , it 's almost Byzantine . Hm . Byzantine . Byzantine ... Zantia ! That started off with kind of a puzzle . A Mayday from two women on board a space yacht . Let 's take a crack at that . This is Earth Starfighter 1314 . I 'm approaching at 50 degrees . This is the space yacht Aurora . We have you on scanner . ( Mouthing ) Do you have video transmission capability ? 'Sure do . 'How 's that ? ' Fine . Couldn 't be much better . 'You 're to follow the yellow landing tracer to Docking Area 2 . 'Variation from that course will result in your destruction . 'Zantia landing control out . ' Thanks . Welcome to Zantia . Ladies , please get ready . We start the bidding at 400 . This prime Terran male is an excellent investment . 1,600 from the unseen lady on monitor 4 . Do I see more ? 2,200 . 3,000 on the monitor from bidder number four . Do I hear more ? The bid is now 4,000 . Do I hear five ? 10,000 ! 12,000 ! Going once ... Going twice ... 20,000 ! Do I hear more ? Going once at 20,000 ... Going twice at 20,000 ... Sold to bidder number four , for 20,000 credits . Come on , let 's go . They won 't stay unconscious for long . Let 's get out of here . Move ! Hang on . Buck Rogers to escort leader . Do you read ? Leader to ES 1314 . I 've got you on the scanner . - Is that Major Norris ? - Affirmative . What are you doing up here ? - Don 't listen to him , Major . - Wilma ? I can 't let you do this , Buck . Don 't try to stop me . This will force Earth and Ruatha to go to war . 'You 're jeopardising thousands of lives . ' - ( Norris ) ' Colonel Deering ... ' - There 's too much at stake , Major . Open fire . Full pulsars . - Wilma , I know what I 'm doing . - You 're sending us right into war ! 'Wilma , you know me . Trust me ! ' He 's hit . I think Zantia 's a dead end , Buck . I tend to agree , Colonel . ( Alarm buzzing ) Our sensors have picked up another energy beam heading straight for ... Good heavens . - Here we go again . - What is it ? Looks like an hourglass . It 's a device for measuring time . And from the looks of this one , we only have a couple of hours until it runs out . You think somebody 's trying to tell us something ? There 's not a lot of time left . Wilma , think about Corliss and Roxanne . The last time , they were gonna use ancient nerve gas to poison our atmosphere . And to destroy it we needed Noah Cooper 's help in penetrating Necrosis 's asteroids . Stay close behind me and do exactly what I do . And watch for falling rocks . Enemy craft approaching . Moving through the asteroids . OK , start breathing again , everyone . Stop breathing , we got company ! Tight T formation . Look alive , tail gunners . - You take over . - Got it . Nice shot , Big Red , but they 're sending reinforcements . Retreat temporarily to the asteroids . 'Surrender at once or be destroyed . 'Proceed to vector 9 , 4-K-V , coordinate C. 'We will tractor beam you into the hangar . ' Noah , they 've been captured . - I heard . - What do we do , Noah ? What can we do ? We 've lost them . We 've lost them . Have you ever been in a fire , Rogers ? Or should I say , have you ever been on fire ? No , I can 't say that I have . Do you know what pain is , Rogers ? There are all kinds of pain . No . I 'm talking about a pain that 's so intense the only way to stop it is to have its source removed . How you are going to wish we had surrendered , Colonel . All right , just keep quiet . Steady . Bomb away . Get the door ! You , get over there . - You missed . - We saw , Big Red . Come on back up , now it 's our turn . Hold it steady . We 're almost there . Second bomber approaching ! We 're trapped in here ! - Ready ? - Right . Hang on . Bomb away . This one 's gonna hit ! ( Buck ) Where are Roxanne and Corliss ? According to our locator banks , they are both in the Detention-Rehabilitation complex on Lycaste Alba . So much for that theory . Wait a minute . What about our man with the magic hands ? The slave master ? Kaleel . Let me see , that was on Vistula , where we went to investigate the poisoning of the Earth 's food supplies . Soon ... you will descend upon the Earth like meteors , like fire . The only ones who can stop us are those enemies among us . Those who are weak and faithless , those who do not believe . These are our enemies . Get down ! - ( Whirring ) - Don 't raise even a hair . Good heavens . What was that ? Be careful . ( Whirring ) Sorry , Buck . - Are you OK ? - Yeah . No thanks to our host . The almighty Kaleel , I presume . - And you are ? - Buck Rogers . Let 's just get rid of him . He and Colonel Deering will meet the same fate as Ryma but first things first . Now that Earth knows of my plan , what do your people intend to do ? Prepare for your attack . And with our remaining forces , give you a reception you won 't forget . You are lying ! Keep your eyes on that turkey in the back , he 's the one we want . You guys open a hole , I 'll nail him . OK , take out these tackles . Stop them , you fools ! Nice double-teaming , whoever you are . Gordon 's the name . Thanks . - Have we met ? - I don 't think so . We 're from different times . Bidibidibidi . Eat lead , sucker ! Lead ? What lead ? Twiki , what are you talking about ? Nice shooting , Captain Rogers . Thanks , Major . Twiki . - Where 'd you learn to shoot like that ? - I 've done that since before you were born . - You think so ? - Young man , I know so . Come on , we got some cleaning up to do downstairs . According to our locators , Kaleel escaped from the revolutionaries who captured him and now wanders the Vistulan desert , trying to enlist its inhabitants as followers . A harmless lunatic . Hop out of there a second . I got an idea . It 's all yours . Remember the Legion of Death ? To infiltrate them , I had to take on the identity of an assassin , Rafael Argus . Rafael Argus ? Three months ago you killed a man named Gleeson . Let me guess , he was your , um ... ? Brother . I knew it would be something like that . To destroy a city that large you need an earthquake or a tidal wave . Or an antimatter explosion . - You 're joking , of course . - Far from it . New Chicago receives its power from a contra-terrene generating plant just outside the city . And if someone were to sabotage that reactor , allowing the matter and antimatter to mix uncontrollably ? Everything for 200 square kilometres would be atomised instantly . Very good , Kellogg . Aaargh ! Varek , go in there and dispose of him . He 'll think that was you . Why did you do that ? This is why . This is who I am . The thing about Kellogg is , he wouldn 't waste time with these riddles . He 'd want me to know it was him and how he was going to kill me and how much it would hurt . - So we 're back where we started . - Yeah , except ... the hourglass is almost empty . All right , it 's your turn now , Twiki . Let 's see if your memory bank can help us . - Now hold still . - Bidibidibidi . You 're tickling ! - I 'm not tickling . Hold still . - You are ! Twiki , you 're supposed to be remembering what happened on the Lyran Queen . All right . 'This is your captain speaking . 'You 're all aboard so we 're accelerating to light speed 'for a slow , leisurely cruise to Stargate 1 . 'After leaving the stargate , we 'll enter the Vega system , 'where we 'll make our first stop on Sutter 's World , 'a planet renowned for its fair climate , colourful indigents 'and remarkable hospitality . ' Bidibidibidi . Wilma 's looking real foxy . Boodiboodi . Something from the bar , sir ? Bidibidibidi . Hold the phone . Boodiboodiboodi . Bidibidibidibidi . Excuse me for staring . I 've never met a 500-year-old man before . I 've never met a genetically perfect woman before . Mmm ... Think of the permutations . ( Laughs ) Stupid , weak , snivelling little creature . How do you put up with her ? I like part of her . My part , you mean ? ( Theopolis ) What you are suggesting is that Alison Michaels is a transmute - a split personality with the ability to transform itself in times of stress into one of two or more separate entities . All we have is a theory . We can 't act without evidence . Then we have to capture her as Sabrina . ( ♫ Disco ) Boodiboodiboodi . What a good dancer you are , Twiki . Bidibidibidi . Buck taught me all I know . They call this one The Bump . - Bidibidi . Uh-oh ! - I 've never seen a dance like that before . That 's all we can do . The laser will draw power from the ship very slowly so that the monitors will not detect . When it peaks , the laser will be in full effect . Its blade will start dissecting her quite automatically . Bidibidibidibidi . Bidibidibidi . Hi , guys . What 's the matter , Twiki ? It 's only 0300 hours . - I 'm bushed . - Now , just a minute , Twiki . If you think you 're going to retire without hearing from me , you 're incorrect . Your behaviour since you set foot on this ship has been abominable . Twiki ? Twiki ? Twiki ? Twiki ! Well , we 've only got one candidate left . But all this hardly seems to be her style . What do you mean ? She 's ruthless , arrogant and power-hungry . Aside from all that , what 's wrong with her ? - Anything about it look familiar , Buck ? - Negative . I 've never seen anything like it . Dr Huer ? 'Wherever it came from , it is now sustaining a position over New Chicago . ' It must be a weapon , so destroy it - now . Yes , sir . Our pulsars have no effect ! Activate Omega defence programme - immediately . It 's glowing ! Dr Huer , it 's releasing a beam of energy . ( ♫ Upbeat music ) Very shortly , I will succeed my father to the throne of Draconia and , according to our laws , within a year of doing so , I must wed the most physically and genetically sound male available or lose my throne to a successor . Well , I have found just such a man right here on Earth , and unless you turn him over to me for the wedding ceremony our pyramid weapon will destroy the Earth , city by city by city . That man , of course , is Captain Buck Rogers . Tribal courtship rituals can be fascinating . Tell me , just out of curiosity , what happens in Phases Two and Three ? In Phase Two you prove your worthiness by competing in the arena with Tigerman . Of course , if you win tomorrow , the third phase will take place at noon . The great event itself , the wedding ceremony . ( Grunting ) You 'll be joined with Princess Ardala forever . He 's destroying the weapon . Do something ! I 'm getting a power feedback . Buck , get out of there . I hate to admit this but even Princess Ardala wouldn 't slaughter innocent people without a reason . If this were her doing we 'd ... ( Alarm buzzing ) Good lord ! - Is something else going to materialise ? - Yes . They 're using a directional beam to lock in coordinates for materialisation . This precedes the teleport beam by several minutes . Now , according to our sensors , the next object is due to materialise ... in your apartment , Buck . - Bidibidibidi . It 's the killer yo-yo . - ( Buck ) I don 't think so , Twiki . What in the galaxy ? Hamburgers , French fries , milkshakes and champagne ? No , it can 't be . Dr Huer , what day is today ? Er , it 's ... Decko 31 , isn 't it ? Decko ? December 31st ? It 's New Year 's Eve . There 's only one other person who 'd know what this meant . 'Right on , Buck . I knew you 'd figure it out . ' - Hieronymus . - ' Happy New Year , guys . 'What do you think of my new matter transmitter ? 'To test it over long distances I sent you a little New Year 's present . ' - And a riddle . - ' It beats crossword puzzles . ' - Cross what ? - It would take hours to explain . Your matter transmitter 's a great idea but it 's got a few bugs . 'Oh , yeah . Creates one heck of a magnetic field , doesn 't it ? 'Hope I didn 't bollix up your alarm systems . ' No , the whole planet 's on general alert - that 's all . 'Back to the drawing board . ' That entire riddle was about New Year 's Eve ? 'Right . The first line was about you - the man out of old Earth 's past . ' " Has the key to the next and the last " ? 'Sure . Buck would know about an hourglass 'which was going to be the next thing that I sent you 'after the last thing , which was the riddle . 'A real , live 20th century limerick . ' Bidibidibidi . Tricky little devil , ain 't you ? " ' But you won 't solve this riddle till the end is the middle . " ' Of course . The end of the old year , the middle of the night . Midnight . 'And the Terran sands disappearing . ' ls the twisto hourglass you sent us . When the sands disappear , - they disappear with a ... - ' A blast . 'Meaning a party , and what 's a party without milkshakes , 'bubbly and fries and Rigellian lizard-burgers . ' Lizard-burgers . 'Hit it , maestro ! ' ( ♫ Disco drumming ) I wish I knew how he did that . 'I gotta run , gang . These transgalactic phone calls add up . 'Have yourselves a happy one and wait till you see my riddle next year . 'Bye . ' - " Next year " ? - We can worry about that later . For now , though , how about some good old-fashioned Genesian bubbly ? - Was 2490 a good year ? - How could it be ? You weren 't around . ( All laugh )
