 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' ( High-pitched whine ) - Elana ? - Hmm ? Are you sleepy ? Just happy ... and kind of warm all over . There 's nothing like a weekend in the country to recharge your batteries . Depends on who 's doing the recharging . - Buck , what 's that ? - I don 't know . I 'd sure like to find out . Earth Shuttle 2293 to New Chicago Control . ( Woman ) ' Come in , 2293 . ' This is Captain Buck Rogers on the approach to New Chicago . Patch me through to the Directorate channel . - Good to hear from you , Buck . - ( Buck ) ' Maybe not , Doc . ' I 'm about 20 minutes southwest of New Chicago . - ' I 've spotted something very strange . ' - Strange ? It 's a large gold ball sitting in the middle of the desert . It might be some kind of Draconian trick . We 've been having difficulties with them . Dr Huer , our sensors record Captain Roger 's ship but no trace of another body in the vicinity . Well , it 's here . A large , metallic object of some kind . - Give us the coordinates . - ( Buck ) ' Right . ' When I land we can go out and take a look at it . Rogers out . ( Huer ) An intercity shuttle reported it but we haven 't detected anything . ( Buck ) It may be a surprise from Princess Ardala . ( Huer ) It 's possible , considering the difficulties we 've had with Draconians . ( Buck ) The closest thing to it I 've ever heard of is what we used to call a flying saucer or UFO . Do you have any idea what it might be , Doc ? - The pilot reported it 's saucer-shaped . - We ought to be close now . ( Wilma ) There it is . Look , to the left . It may have been a saucer before but look at it now . Bidibidi ... talk about close encounters . - Dr Theopolis ? - Still no sensor reading , Doctor . But it 's solid . There 's no way our sensors couldn 't record something . Unless its composition makes a reading impossible . - It 's solid enough . - And seamless . No apparent ports or mode of power . Careful , Buck . ( Mechanical whine ) What is it ? - A riddle wrapped in an enigma . - Bidibidibidi . Watch the straight arm , Buck . If they 'd wanted to , they could have hurt us before now . What do you think , Doc ? - I think we should take it back to the lab . - I think so too . Since it does not appear to be a weapon , our first assumption is that it 's a gift of friendship from a life-force somewhere . If we 're correct , it may have something to tell us . We 're trying to open it with a vibrosonic table an instrument that separates molecules of matter . Like some kind of sonic diamond cutter ? If I understand you correctly , yes . At precisely the right tone , the orb should separate . ( Steady tone ) Look ! Bidibidibidi . Somebody must have said the magic word . What is it , Doc ? I don 't know . I 'll get the macro-magnifier . Looks like a microchip of some kind . Activate the macro-magnifier . Start the magnifying process . Cryptographs with a universal language . And patternings . Yes , they 're binary patternings . Very unusual kind . Put this through the master computer chain . Top priority . And I want an analysis of these binary codings . Quickly . Yes , Doctor . Doc , look . Bidibidibidi , that thing 's hot to trot . It 's almost as if it knew its mission here was completed . Yes , with the discovery of the chip . A bit higher , dear . A little bit higher . Ow ! Clumsy . - Princess . - What is it , Kane ? This is Agent Goneril , my spy at Directorate Headquarters . Tell the princess what you saw . ( Goneril ) A giant sphere appeared outside New Chicago . - It contained a message in a golden orb . - What message ? From whom ? I 'm not a code-5 technician , Your Highness . I was not allowed inside the lab . - But , uh , rumours say ... - Say what ? Spit it out , man . Rumours say that the orb contained a secret of utmost value to the Terrans . That will be all . All of you , out . - Get me the orb , Kane . - The truce expressly forbids ... Since when have I ever honoured a Terran truce unless it 's convenient for me to do so ? Oh , Kane ? By the way , send Tigerman to me . He 's been assigned to your sister . - He 's been what ? - I have made other arrangements . Well done , Kane . I think I 'll call you Pantherman . You 're black , you 're beautiful ... Why don 't you come over here and let me see your claws ? Dr Theopolis has just decoded . - The results are staggering . - What are they ? You know the Vortex Theory . It has to do with a hypothetical passage from one universe to another . That 's assuming another exists . It used to be called a black hole . Erroneously . The Vortex Theory is no longer a theory . It 's a scientific fact . The decoded chip is like a road map through the vortex . Complex , dangerous , but by all our frames of reference , it 's navigable . - So this is an invitation ? - From unknown people in another universe . The staff is reducing the patterns to a computer disc compatible with Earth space vehicles . So we could plug it into any starfighter 's navigation system - and end up in an entirely new universe . - Exactly . Is there any clue as to who sent the orb ? I 'm afraid not , Colonel . But we may have a clue in the cryptograph . We found a legend that reads the equivalent of six letters of Earth 's alphabet . P-E-N-D-A-R . Pendar . - Have you heard of it ? - No , I haven 't . Let the council convene . Report , please . Keeper , the harbinger has fulfilled its mission and returned to Pendar . Good . Who did you select ? A small habitable planet in its first quadrant called Terra . It has precisely the military capabilities we sought . - The second ? - The second selection is cruder . More malevolent and completely predictable . Report on the Zaads . The Zaads ' battlecruiser now lies 3,600 fetics downside us . They continue to launch attacks against the defence shield . The results of the attack ? The shield has not been damaged . The recent abduction of Kodus , however , gives us grave concern . Each day , at a given hour , he has moved from the second to the fifth level , to Zarina 's quarters . The Zaad war witch herself is supervising his torture . His auric energy reading is very low . He will not be able to bear such pain for long without telling the Zaads what he knows about our defence shield . Kodus is a courageous young man . We must hope that he can hold on until assistance arrives . Have faith , Chandar . They will kill him , Mother . No , child . You 'll see . ( Groans ) ( Winces and gasps ) Kodus , your bravery is admirable but so unnecessary . Resist me if you wish , it will only mean that I shall be forced to use Spirot here and his unusual talents . As a transmute , he can disrupt the cellular composition of any part of your body . A painful experience , wouldn 't you agree ? ( Kodus yells ) That 's enough , Spirot . If you kill him , he 's of no use to us . And I plan to use Kodus ... in a variety of ways . - Well , Buck , you still up ? - I got a lot on my mind . I can well imagine . Exploring another universe - it 's mind-boggling . - Yes , it is . - I 'll say good night . Good night , Doc . ( Bleeping ) Technician Goneril reporting for lab night duty . You don 't have code-5 clearance . Sorry - my oversight . Buck , are you all right ? Don 't ask . - Who were they , Doc ? - Draconians . This is an absolutely unforgivable violation on Ardala 's part . - The orb is halfway to her ship by now . - Another universe for Ardala to dominate . Yes , but she has to decode the chip and transfer the information . I 'm having the disc installed in a starfighter . And Dr Theopolis is programming a drone to pilot the craft . - You 're sending a drone through the vortex ? - Yes . Why ? - This is an invitation to us . - What are you getting at ? This is the first encounter of peoples from different universes . You 've got to send a Terran . I 'd like to be that Terran , Doc . You 'd like to be ? - At any price ? - Yes . Captain Rogers is right , Dr Huer . A Terran pilot will handle unprogrammed difficulties more effectively than a drone . Yes , I know . Very well , Buck . Go . Thank you , Doc . You 'll want to do the preflight yourself . I 'll get started . And Buck ... history will record you as an extraordinary mortal - to have survived the Holocaust , lived 500 years and now be the first man to enter a new universe . It looks like ... Kane , what was that crude organic food ? A Regulian plover 's egg , Highness . Yes , exactly . I had the chef executed for insulting my royal digestion , as I recall . - Yes , you did . - Have it analysed immediately . ( Bleeping ) Yes ? ( Man ) ' A transmission on the vidfon from Director Elias Huer on Earth . ' Tell Earth the Princess is not ready to respond . No , Kane , wait . Let 's just see how important this golden plover 's egg is to Dr Huer . Hello , Doctor , what can we do for you ? Princess Ardala , on behalf of the Earth Directorate , I wish to lodge a formal protest . - ' Whatever are you talking about ? ' - You know very well , Princess . Truce provisions have been violated repeatedly , particularly the recent attacks on interplanetary shipping . - I insist on an audience . - That 's not possible . Huer 's transmission tells us one very important thing . Not so much by what he said but by what he did not say . - Yes . He failed to mention the orb . - Exactly . Not one word . Hurry your technicians . We must find out what 's so terribly important about this orb . This is preposterous ! Absolutely preposterous ! The only remedy is a face-to-face confrontation . Is it safe to go to the Draconia ? I 've considered the hazards , Colonel , and they 're far outweighed by this most recent threat to our already tenuous truce . I 'd like to go with you . Very well , Colonel . As soon as Buck is on his way , we 'll visit the princess . I 'll arrange a fighter escort . Major Daniels and Lieutenant Wainwright . Thank you , Colonel . Buck , I ... Sorry , I thought you 'd be getting yourself together . I was . I 'll be here when you get back . I 'll look forward to that . Bidibidibidibidibidi . Buck , we haven 't underplayed the hazardous nature of this trip , have we , you and I ? No , I know I might not come back . Because in view of the extraordinary scientific benefits to be derived from this trip I felt we need a modicum of insurance . You 're afraid that if I don 't make it back you won 't have any record , right ? Precisely . If anything does go wrong , I 've taken the liberty of tinkering with Twiki 's synaptic points and he 's programmed to return to Earth as long as there 's a ship to fly . So he and Theo will act as a kind of black box recorder ? Yes , I think so . - It 's all right , I 'll enjoy their company . - Bidibi . Bidibi . - Shall we be on our way , then ? - Might as well . I 'm glad Twiki and Theo are coming , Doc . Bidibidibi . Why is it the good die young ? Twiki , you go on ahead , I 'll be along in a minute . Anything the matter , Doc ? ( Sighs ) Not really , I 'm just ... I can 't help wondering what it 's going to be like for you . I 've been thinking a lot about that myself . I imagine you have . Also ... this is the most dangerous mission I 've ever assigned anyone . - Don 't forget , Doc , I volunteered . - That 's true . You volunteered all right . Before I started with the Directorate we were in the process of testing the new stargates and I volunteered , naturally , to be the first person to fly through a stargate . It was quite an honour . I only flew across the Solar System , not quite what you 're about to do . You 'd like to go , wouldn 't you ? - Does it show that much ? - Like a sore thumb . I suppose what I want to say is I 'm ... I 'm ... more than usually concerned about this particular mission , mainly because since you 've come here you 've ... become like family to me . I hope you don 't decide to take another 500 years before your next appearance . I 'll come back , Doc . Don 't worry . - Good luck , my friend . - Thank you , Doc . ( Wilma ) Well , how do you feel ? Bidibidi . Snug as a bug in a rug , Wilma . ( Laughs ) You 're supposed to feel snug . I preflighted your ship . I wanted to make sure everything was , erm ... - A-OK ? - Thank you , Wilma . You didn 't think I 'd let you go without saying goodbye ? No , I hoped I 'd see you before I left . Stop looking at me like that . I 'll be fine . I know , I know . Funny , all of a sudden I don 't know what to say . You don 't have to say anything . No . No , I want to . You 're very special . You 've been more than a friend to me and I 've learned a lot about myself . About being able to express my feelings . How to care for someone . You 've shown me a side of myself I never knew existed . I 've finally felt like a woman ... for the first time in my life ... and I hate to think what I 'd be like if it weren 't for you . You always had a lot going for you . I didn 't think I was gonna like you when I met you but you have a way of growing on a person . And right now I don 't know what I would do if I lost you . Take care of yourself . I will . - I 'm gonna miss you . - I 'm gonna miss you too , Wilma . You 're very special to me . ( Engines start ) Well , you all set to go , Twiki ? Bidibidibidi . Ready as I 'll ever be , Buck . OK . Do you have any idea of the enormity of this moment , Kane ? New worlds , new galaxies lie beyond the vortex , within reach of my fingertips . - Yes , Princess . - Do you think they 'll look like us , Kane ? You mean the men , Princess ? The men , the women , whatever . ( Bleeping ) Yes ? ( Man ) ' We 're tracking a Terran starfighter in the 18th quadrant 'at a fraction of their light speed , outbound . ' Try to pick up their transmission , Kane . Time for our last check-in . Bidibidibidi . Tell ' em love and kisses . ( Buck ) ' This is Buck Rogers . I 'm within 15 seconds of entry . 'The vortex is directly ahead of me . 'Looks like a swirling aurora . ' They 're sending Buck through the vortex . There 's fantastic turbulence . I left manual control ten minutes ago . 'We 're relying for drive and direction on a computer disc developed from the orb . ' In all my years of flying , I 've never had an experience like this . 'The light . Incredible colours . ' It 's as if an ocean of energy is flowing through a single floodgate . We 're right in the middle of it . 'All our controls are gone . We 're tumbling . 'Part of a mad scramble to leave one universe for another . ' ( Radio static ) God help him . - He must be through now . - I pray he is . Colonel , we have business with Princess Ardala . Shall we go ? Of course . Kane , that computer disc that Captain Rogers was talking about , I want one of those to send the Draconia through the vortex . The technicians are already working on it , Highness . Oh . ( Engine whine drops in pitch , cuts out ) - We made it through , Twiki . - Bidibidibidi . Yeah , just barely . ( Bleeping ) Kodus is being moved . They 're going to torture him again . The perimeter sensors just reported an unknown through the vortex . Help is on its way . - Mother , it is useless . - No , Chandar . Our observers say this one is very special . Yeah , a different universe . Doesn 't feel different . Bidibidibidi . That 's different . We 're surrounded by a gigantic bubble , Twiki . ( Explosions ) - Bidibidibidi . Not again . - Hold on , Twiki . Look . My memory bank has no record - of any creatures like these . - Bidibidibidi . Yeah , who are they , Buck ? Whoa there ! I guess they 're not all dead . - Looks like some kind of space zoo , Twiki . - Bidibidi . And we didn 't bring any peanuts . ( Buck ) They look like stuffed animals . Look ahead , Twiki . That must be Pendar , Twiki . Bidibidibidi . I hope they don 't mind us dropping in . We 've got an engraved invitation . ( Wavering drone ) Looks like we 're being guided in . Doctor Huer . And Colonel Deering . What brings you here ? The incidences involving Draconian violation of Terran space are intolerable . I 'm doing everything possible to control the actions of these dreadful marauders . - And the attack on the Directorate lab ? - A violation of the highest order . - Our truce ... - Exists to preserve our best interests . In this case , my best interest took precedence over the truce . I 'm sure , in my place , you would have acted accordingly . I demand you return the orb to the Directorate . Demand , Doctor ? You 're not in a position to demand a great deal of anything . If you insist on this course of action ... The orb will be returned to you , Doctor . I have no further use for it . Yes , that is correct . Wilma , isn 't it ? We deciphered the cryptography some time ago . That orb was meant for our use . An invitation from another culture . Yes , but I so hate to miss a good party . - That is your final word ? - On this subject . Consider yourself once again on a war footing with Earth . We 'll be leaving immediately . - What is the meaning of this ? - You 'll be going nowhere , Dr Huer . The Draconia is fitted with a computer disc exactly like Captain Rogers ' . Very shortly we will be entering the vortex . I will allow no one to interfere with this , which is what you 'd do if I let you go . I cannot protest this action strongly enough . Then don 't bother , Doctor . It won 't do you any good . Bidibidibidibi . What an entrance ! Hello , Captain Rogers . Bidibidibidi . She knows you , Buck . I don 't believe we 've met . At least , not in this lifetime . My name is Chandar . And if you 'll come with me , the council and the Keeper are expecting you . Princess , the monitor indicates we 've just entered the vortex . They could have had the courtesy to warn us about this . You 're very quiet , Captain . - It 's been a long trip . - Bidibidibidi . And a cuckoo one . You must be curious about the life field around Pendar . - That menagerie we passed through ? - Yes . Curious is an understatement . Aeons ago Pendar was invaded by aliens and nearly destroyed . We overcame them and placed them in the life field you passed through . - Why ? - The Pendarans are a life-loving people . It 's impossible for us to kill other beings , even those trying to kill us . - That must sound very strange to you . - Not strange , remarkable . Our scientists created the life field as an alternative to killing the aliens . They 've been there for 1,000 years , trapped in time and space . - And living ? - Oh , yes . Forever . Some would consider that a fate worse than death . Captain , the Pendarans do not . Pendar is so similar to Earth . At least , the way it used to be . - What do you mean ? - The trees , the flowers , the grass . - Almost exactly the way I remember it . - Before the Holocaust ? - You know about that too ? - Yes . Earth was beautiful then . Bidibidibidi . What do you mean was ? It still is . Does everyone on Earth have an automated companion ? You mean an ambuquad ? Not really . I guess I 'm one of the lucky ones . - Bidibidi . We 're a real team . - ( Buck laughs ) How nice for you . We have automated units also . Really ? Twiki , you might make some friends while you 're here . Bidibidi . Do they play ping-pool around here ? ( Chandar ) Ping-pool ? ( Laughs ) ( Twiki ) I was afraid of that . Welcome to Pendar , Captain Rogers . Thank you for the invitation . - Who are you ? - I am the Keeper . The sole physical link between the master computer and the Pendaran council . We come from two different universes , and yet you speak to me in my own language . - Your environment is very similar to Earth . - It only seems to be , Captain Rogers . You see , in our natural state we exist as more subtle bodies . Light creatures . So that we can work together , our entire world appears as you in a baser form . Work with me ? May the council convene . Tora , first explain to Captain Rogers the nature of our current dispute with the war witch Zarina and the planet Zaad . Zaad is at a distance from us the equivalent between your Earth and Mars . It is ruled by a woman who has ravaged every other habitable planet in the system and now wishes to ravage ours . She lies two solar days off Pendar in her giant battle cruiser , planning her attack . You will never succeed , Zarina . - My people ... - Are like children ... with their lofty concern for the sanctity of life . To live , one must be willing to die ... or kill . Don 't be angry , Kodus . The information you 've given me may help spare some of their lives . For your sake , I hope what you 've told me is correct . It is . Soon my pilots will be penetrating Pendar 's energy shield for the first time . And then on to the computer vault . Yes . And we will have you to thank . Of course , if they fail ... we will have you to blame . If that is all ... Not quite . I want you here to witness the attack . I 'm sure you 'll find it interesting . Send the fighters in . Just as Kodus described . In a strange way , Captain Rogers , Pendar has become a victim of its own enlightenment . We no longer have the means to wage a limited war . To become so advanced that you 're vulnerable makes no sense . Hasn 't that happened on Earth , where , for diplomatic expediency , the giant bows to inferiors ? Yes , that has happened . In our case , we 've developed the ultimate weapon , but if we were to atomise Zaad with it , which is entirely feasible , our own system 's gravitational balance would be destroyed . - It sounds self-defeating . - Our second weapon is defensive . An energy shield which has kept us impregnable from Zaad attacks . Now that is being threatened . You thought that as a Terran I could fight your limited war for you ? In an oversimplified way , yes . Perhaps you should have asked me how I felt before I came all this way . We expected a certain amount of resistance to the idea . - That 's why we also contacted others . - Others ? We monitored Terrans ' activities for some time . Your military exploits with the Draconians have proven both of you ... - Draconians ? - Bidibidibidi . Them 's fighting words ! ( Pinging alarm ) ( Computer ) ' Violation of energy perimeter , sectors S-2 , N-1 , N-2 . 'Activation of supplemental beta radiation initiated . ' - What 's going on ? - A Zaad attack on the force field . What are you gonna do ? The computer has strengthened the field at the points of attack . Other than that , there 's nothing else we can do . ( Computer ) ' Energy perimeter maintaining satisfactory integrity . 'Electron configuration stabilising at 22.5 megakilons . ' You understand that ? It indicates the force field is functioning correctly . ( Computer ) ' Delta alert terminated . Hostile forces have withdrawn . 'Repeat . Hostile forces have withdrawn . ' - Does this happen often ? - With increasing regularity . That 's why we need your assistance . Wait . Assuming I want to help , I can 't possibly do it alone . Arrangements have been made . - Oh ? - Bidibidibidi . It better be the cavalry . There 's still something that doesn 't make sense . - What ? - If the shield is good , why are you worried ? Two months ago , the Zaads intercepted a Pendaran shuttle returning from Argon . On board was Kodus , one of our most brilliant scientists , who created the program which activates the defence shield . - Now the Zaads have him ? - Yes . He alone knows enough to neutralise the shield . The attacks began soon after his capture . - Oh . - Bidibidibidi . You think they 've gotten the information out of him ? Chandar , is Kodus ... ? We were to be married at the Festival of Life . I 'm sorry . I didn 't realise . Success . Two Sharks passed through the force field and landed undetected . Even now our strike force is approaching the Pendaran capital . - ( Chuckles ) It worked . - Of course it worked . Now all we have to do is penetrate the computer vault , destroy the defence shield and Pendar will be ours . ( Bleeping ) Bidibidibidi . Who are you ? What are you ? ( Whirring ) ( Robot ) Captain Rogers ' presence is requested in the Grand Council Chamber . Bidibidibidi . What about me ? " Me " does not compute . I have no invitation for " Me " . The name 's Twiki , buster , not " Me " . I have no invitation for Twiki Buster . Good bye . Bidibidibidi . That guy 's got the brains of a can-opener . - Don 't take it personally , Twiki . - Bidibi . Who , me ? ( Beeping ) Buck ! We were so relieved when Chandar told us you 'd arrived safely . - Thank you . - Good to see you . - What are you doing here ? - We have Princess Ardala to thank . Princess . Small universe . Captain , we do meet in the strangest places . - How did she ... ? - I 'll explain later . - These people have told us why we 're here . - To fight for them . On behalf of the Terran group , I refused . And I refused for the Draconian forces . The Princess 's war machine fights no one she does not wish to . As I told Captain Rogers , we anticipated this . You 've anticipated everything , from Earth 's scientific curiosity to Ardala 's venality . But you haven 't anticipated Terran nature . - We 're not mercenaries . - Nor are the Draconians . We cannot force you to stay . That is not our way . But of course , without our assistance , you can never return to your own universe . This thing 's becoming a bore . Come along , we 're leaving immediately . Buck ... would you like to have a drink before we leave ? - No , I 'll take a rain check . - Yes , you always do . That 'll be all for now . - Bidibidibidi . That 's some disappearing act . - What you have heard is true . The orb readout serves only to get you here . It cannot get you back . Please think carefully about it . ( Beeping ) It I understand , you 're saying we don 't have any choice . I don 't like it any more than you do . Either we fight the Zaads or sit it out here indefinitely . - But there are so few of us . - Down here . Ardala 's up there with the Draconia loaded with fire power . You 're right . It would even things up if they were on our side . She won 't fight . You heard her . If only we could find someone to convince her . Bidibidibidi . Run while you can , boss . - All right , I 'll do what I can . - Buck . This is really beyond the bounds of duty and responsibility . It certainly is , Captain Rogers . This is Captain Buck Rogers to the Draconia . Requesting permission to board . 'Thought I 'd stop by for that drink . ' - We are ready to leave . I don 't think ... - I did not ask you to think . I 'll take care of that and Captain Rogers . Bring him on board , Kane . ( Zarina ) Don 't be afraid , Kodus . Your pain may be over . Soon my battle cruiser will penetrate Pendar 's energy shield for the first time . Perhaps you will decide to stay here ... with me . We can always use a man with your obvious talents . I 'm sure you could grow used to my attractions . You 'll change your mind , Kodus , when you see what we do to your pretty little planet . - Just a moment . - Sorry , I don 't have one to spare . Who , or better yet what , is this ? This is Pantherman , Princess Ardala 's new companion . What 's a nice kid like you doing here ? Do you really want to keep her waiting ? First I insist you tell me the purpose of your visit . Sorry . Do you want to move him or shall I ? - When we 're finished , Captain . - We never got started . Stop all this nonsense . - What is the meaning of this , Kane ? - I only wanted ... Forgive us , Captain Rogers . That was very rude . That 's all right , Princess . No harm done . Come to my chambers . I 'm sure you 'll be more comfortable there . Why don 't you feed him a bowl of warm milk ? Excuse us . How sweet of you to see me off . Actually , I came by to ask you not to go . Oh ? Really ? What did you have in mind ? A small planet , another universe . It sounds divine . Out , dear . You and me . It is divine . - And a skirmish with some Zaad warriors . - You 're not serious ? I 'm afraid I am . I thought I 'd made myself clear on this . If we don 't help the Pendarans , we won 't get out . Nonsense . I have the computer disc programmed from the orb . It 's a one-way ticket . It can only get you here , not back . Try to follow that , you 'll be lost forever . - They have no right . - They have no choice . And I need your help . Oh . Once again this sounds vaguely interesting . How much do you need my help ? ( Beeping ) ( Steady tone ) - What happened with Ardala ? - Will she help us ? - When I left she hadn 't decided . - That 's Ardala . Bidibi . At least she 's consistent . - It gives her a feeling of power ... - ( PA ) ' Attention ! 'Unauthorised entry into computer vault . Section 3002 . 'Repeat , unauthorised penetration in section 3002 . ' Someone has broken into the master computer vault . ( Wilma ) Why would they do that ? ( Chandar ) The reference , 3002 . - That 's part of the shield . - Can you show us the way ? - Yes . - Hold down the fort , Twiki . Let 's go . ( Bleeping ) ( Explosion outside ) Cover me , Wilma . I gotta get to that vault . Go . Chandar . Buck ? Buck ! Take it easy , Wilma . I 'm just counting my bones . They 're all here . Sorry , Chandar . We were too late . They must have got through the defence shield . If they did , what 's the purpose of this raid ? The circuits they destroyed have opened the shield even further . Zarina will be able to bring her battle cruiser through . I 'm afraid we 're helpless to do anything . Zarina 's strategy will be to send fighter units in first , then follow with the cruiser . The Terran and Draconian forces combined could destroy her space fleet but we must find a way to repair the shield computer elements . Now , hold on . The Princess is a very stubborn lady . - I spoke to her this morning ... - And made a very convincing argument to commit my forces to save Pendar . I just can 't seem to say no to Captain Rogers . Impeccable timing . Am I unfashionably early or unforgivably late ? - The Zaad just stormed the computer . - Without it we are helpless . You were helpless with it . You were saying the key is to repair the computer . And to rescue Kodus . If we can get him back to rebuild the defence shield ... I have a better idea . Zarina is , after all , a woman not unlike myself . She is ... powerful , intelligent . She 'd anticipate these moves . You won 't get Kodus out of there alive . - That 's a chance we 'll have to take . - Not necessarily . A little woman-to-woman confrontation might be just the thing . - We know nothing about this woman . - Silence ! It 's too dangerous . We need to get that defence shield mended . I wasn 't thinking of discussing sunsets , Captain . All right . We know where Kodus is on the Zaad ship . But how do we get aboard ? There 's a supply ship from Zaad that makes deliveries to the cruiser . It is run entirely by drones . - That 's the ticket . - But how will you get off the cruiser ? - I 'll cross that bridge when I come to it . - You have everything organised . Not quite . Doc , if you 'd coordinate some kind of defence plan with Kane ... Wilma , you can take me to the supply ship and then come back and give them a hand . - Is that all right , Princess ? - Whatever you say . By the way , this working together is just temporary . Don 't get used to it , any of you . - Bidibidibidibi . Sweet kid . - Be nice to her , Twiki . Right now we need her , all of us . Captain Buck Rogers . Who does he think he 's dealing with ? - We 're all together on this . - Oh , shut up . Just listen to what I 'm going to say . You 're gonna be so vulnerable . I 'll be on and off that cruiser in two seconds , no problem . I 've heard that before . ( Buck ) There 's the supply ship , Wilma . Stand by to board . - I 'm ready . - Yes , Princess . I know what you 're thinking , Kane . Don 't say it . Halt ! Welcome , Captain Rogers . - How did you know I was coming ? - I just can 't keep a secret . Why did I bother to ask ? Your plan was clever , but mine is so much more civilised . The Princess just arrived , Captain . Yes , and we have so much to discuss , Zarina . Woman to woman . I prefer man to woman , Princess . ( Inaudible ) Secure them below . - I have important information for you . - It will keep . I don 't think you understand . Buck ? - Please talk to me . - What would you like me to say ? Thanks ? - Buck ... - I can 't believe you could be so stupid . It 's not stupid , Captain . You 'll see . Princess , Zarina requests your presence . Thank you . Be a good boy , Captain . Maybe I 'll help get you out of here . You seem like a reasonable woman , Zarina . - Perhaps . - I think we understand each other . I 'm sure we do , Princess . Well , I certainly hope so , for your sake . If I 'm not back to my ship soon , I 've instructed my forces to attack you . With their princess aboard ? I think not . Oh , yes . They will save me and they will destroy you and your ship . I promise you . You undoubtedly have a proposition to make . What is it ? I will help you neutralise the Pendarans . In exchange , I want a guarantee that my ship , and my ship alone , will pass through the vortex unharmed and return to my universe . - That is all ? - I wish to have the Terrans destroyed . Except for Captain Rogers . - Ah . - Yes , he will return with me . In your universe , they call you a princess ? Yes . In mine , we would call you a child . An arrogant , demanding child . Do you really think you can come to me and assume that I need or want your help ? Ardala ! Oh , pardon me . Princess . You said we understood each other . You could not be more wrong . Just a minute , Zarina . I understand you . Your petty quest for bits of power , your need to conquer . Your desires ! But you don 't see me . - You 're not that different from me . - In one very important way . I have earned my position , Ardala . You 've been given yours . I am a woman . And you are just a little girl . How dare you speak to me that way ? - I am the Princess Ardala ... - You are excused . Take her away . - Ardala 's gone to Zarina 's ship . - Why ? We haven 't been able to determine that . But she 's compromised Buck 's position . - Do you think Zarina has Buck ? - We 're certain of it . Ardala has not returned to the Draconia . She probably has her , too . - What do we do ? - Proceed with our battle plan . - But if Buck is on the Zaad ship ... - We have to . We don 't have any choice . Take Twiki and Dr Theopolis to the vault . They can try to repair the damage . Colonel , go to the Draconia and coordinate with Kane . - He should be encouraged to take control . - I don 't think that 's going to be a problem . We 'll do everything we can , Chandar . He 'll be all right . This must be very hard on Chandar . Well , she 's dealing with it . How about you ? Well , I 'm alive . That 's something . Now they 've opened the shield , it 's only a matter of time ... That 's why I 'm here . Somehow , we 've got to get you home to repair it . Are you all right ? Yes , I 'm fine . Are you sure ? Yes . I said , I 'm fine . OK , I was just wondering . Buck ... I 'm not fine . I 'm terrible . I 'm just terrible . Captain Rogers . You sent for me , Zarina ? I wanted so much to talk with you . Were you thinking of a group discussion ? Wait outside . Well ? Please , Captain . Haste is so unbecoming . Here we are , man and woman . I wanted to explore the man who was so bold ... as to slip aboard my battle cruiser . That was stupid , but very courageous . - Well , you 've met me . - Careful , Captain . I could find you very irritating . And you would find things very unpleasant . You are allied with that Draconian princess , aren 't you ? I don 't know what you and Ardala discussed , but whatever she said ... We spent a great deal of time discussing you . She 's placed a great deal of value on you , and I wanted to know why . Why have the Pendarans brought you here ? To avert a war . If that proves impossible they expect me to fight it for them . It seems you won 't be able to do either . - It 's not over yet . - It will be , shortly . We have established a rift in the defence shield , and it 's getting wider . Soon Pendar will be part of my empire . The Pendarans are a peaceful people . What could you possibly hope to gain by conquering them ? I don 't have to justify myself to you or anyone . What I will is done . - May I go back now ? - If you wish . But you have a choice . You can stay here . You 're a very attractive man . But I could make you a great and powerful man . A great and powerful man ... does not wage war on innocent people . - Think twice about what you are saying . - There 's nothing to think about . Guards ! Take him to his cell . Captain Rogers , you will not die . After I 've destroyed the Pendarans , I will make you my personal slave . And you will wish you had died . Oh , no , Zarina . Then you will wish that you had killed me . ( Robot ) This circuitry is extraordinarily unusual . Bidibidibidi . No kidding ! - We 've got to find that hangar . - No problem . If your shuttle 's there , we can head for Pendar . - When do we go ? - They 'll come to take me upstairs soon . For more of Zarina 's special hospitality ? They 've broken the shield but there are other secrets she wants . Right . When those guards arrive , they won 't find you or anyone else here . - Are you up for this ? - Right by your side , Captain . - Want to hear something funny ? - What ? That doesn 't sound like a bad idea . As a matter of fact , it doesn 't . ( Robot ) The system is composed of modular synaptic antigens . Bidi . Bidibidi . Why don 't you make like a fuse and blow ? Now , Twiki , it 's only trying to be helpful . - I must caution you , Twiki Buster . - Bidibi . Do you mind ? You 're making my electrodes quiver . Deploy Hatchet squadrons Alpha and Gamma . Station them at coordinate 55-zeta-4 . Delta squadron will follow at approximately 1100 hours . The cannons won 't be aligned for 15 minutes . We do not have 15 minutes . I want those ships in position in seven minutes ! - Everything is going well , Commander . - As I knew it would . - If you 'll excuse me ... - I 'll be returning to Pendar immediately . Get me Captain Sven . His squadron should have left 45 seconds ago . ( Robot ) You are not correctly programmed for this , ambuquad . Bidibidibidi . Look , Buster , get out of my life . - Temper , temper , temper ! - Bidibidibidi . Quit talkin ' and start walkin ' . - Our ships are armed and ready for attack . - Excellent . Tell your pilots we attack at 13 : 50 . In the meanwhile , bring that dear Kodus to me . That is , if there 's anything left of him . Of course , Princess . More than enough . - Now I know how the underhalf lives . - Give us a hand . - What can I do to help ? - Take their clothes off . Oh . - Identification . - Zarina 's guard . And who is this pretty one ? - She 's a prisoner . - What a pity . And where are you taking her ? - To the fifth level . - Oh ... what a privilege ! Zarina has chosen to interrogate you herself . ( Chuckles ) Zarina . The prisoners have escaped . With Kodus . They 'll try for the flight bay . Alert the crews . Send all available personnel to stop them . ( Chandar ) They 're moving so fast . They must be free . - Get to your shuttle . Crank up your engines . - I don 't know how . Princesses don 't start engines . Great . Princesses don 't start engines . Go with her . Crank up the ignition on that shuttle . Give me your weapon . - What about you ? - I 'll keep these guys honest . I 'll join you as soon as I hear your ignition . This is so degrading . Nice of you to drop in . Go . The prisoners have escaped in Ardala 's shuttle . The guards that allowed this to happen , put them to death . It 's already been done . Escape is meaningless . The Pendarans can do nothing now . The shield is open to us . Launch the attack . Attention ! All pilots to combat stations . Prepare to launch . 'Prepare to launch ! ' - Buck ! - How are you , Dr Huer ? We were so worried . About all of you . Welcome , Kodus . I can 't tell you how grateful we are that you are back . Now , we need your services again . The defence shield . I 'll begin at once , Keeper . Come and help me ? ( Pinging alarm ) ( Keeper ) The war witch has begun her attack . Zaad squadrons are moving toward the defence shield . Report . The shield is still virtually useless . Zarina 's fighters can still enter . As can the cruiser . We are powerless against the cruiser . 72,000 soldiers . A strategic weapons arsenal without equal . - How long will it take to reach the shield ? - It will be there at 13 : 40 . That 's not much time . I have a plan . It 's risky , but it just might work . Go on , Captain . Keep Kodus and Twiki working on the shield . We can hold off the Zaad fighters long enough to mend it . If they do , when they do , don 't activate it . Don 't ? Why , Captain ? Zarina thinks it 's clear sailing to Pendar . If we lure her into the shield and activate it ... The radiation might destroy the entire cruiser . Exactly . That will demand split-second timing . And luck . But it 's the only chance we have to take on Zarina . - Zaad fighters are at the perimeter . - We have no choice . Go ahead . - Ready , Wilma ? - I 've put Wainwright and Daniels on alert . - Princess ? - Kane will coordinate with your pilots . Let 's get started . ( Zaad pilot ) ' Eric 30 to Zaad 1 . ' Zaad 1 . 'We are approaching initial attack mode on schedule . There is no response . ' Quarter speed , Spirot . - Connect me to my commander . - Of course . ( Kane ) ' Warriors of Draconia , this is your Supreme Commander ... 'addressing you on the eve of the most important engagement in our history . ' We are here in an unknown universe , fighting a strange foe , with unaccustomed allies . I will expect no less from you than I would give myself . 'Every shred of raw courage , every single iota ... ' - Kane ! - Princess ? Quiet , Kane . Yes , Princess . Convey my best wishes to the squadrons and launch them immediately . - I don 't want them to be late for the war . - Yes , Your Highness . He would talk the Zaads to death . This is 1314 to Apple 4 . This is Apple 4 . We should reach this side of the defence shield at 1650.26 . - You got that , Wilma ? - ( Wilma ) ' Roger . ' Here come the Draconians . - Careful , Twiki . - Bidibi . Circuit 8401 , testing . No , that 's not it , Twiki . Try , erm ... 15133 . Bidibidibi . I 'm bushed . We 're almost through , Twiki . If we can find the last damaged circuit , we can close the shield . ( Buck ) ' Earth Leader to Starfleet . - ' I 'm picking up a converging force . ' - I have the same reading . On this side of the defence shield . The fighters have come through . - How are you coming on the repairs ? - Movin ' along . Just one more damaged circuit . Only it 's a question of finding it . Roger . This is Earth Leader to fleet . Prepare to engage . Bidibidibidi . Don 't shoot until you see the whites of their eyes . ( Hatchet pilot ) ' 1267 , calling 1314 . Shark at two o 'clock . ' ( 2nd Hatchet pilot ) '3462 , approaching on vector 4 . 6092 . ' Behind you , Daniels . Hatchet leader , you got a Shark on your tail . Thank you , Earth Leader . ( Hatchet pilot ) ' 1123 , calling 54 . 'Alert . Enemy in range . ' Just thought you fellas ought to get to know each other better . - Apple 4 ? - ( Wilma ) ' Yes , Buck ? ' I 'm reading the cruiser closing on the shield . - ' Look at your estimated time . ' - I have the picture , too . I 'm going outside the shield to slow her down . Kodus ? - Yes , Buck ? - My digital readout is 1333.50 . We 're reading the same here . That 's your deadline . Call me when you 've got that computer mended . - Right . - Bidibidibi . Be real careful ! How far to the shield , Spirot ? Four trisecs . A lone Earth fighter is approaching from the field . That fool 's trying to engage my cruiser . Answer his fire . All stations . Open fire on the intruder . This is Earth Starfighter 1314 calling Zaad 1. is Zarina there ? You fool ! You won 't divert me from bringing my cruiser through the shield . Half speed more , Spirot . Mount the megacannon . Megacannon ? That 's used for destroying cities , not a fighter . Do as I say ! - Bidibidi . That 's the rascal . - Let 's see . Yes ... yes ... Yes , that 's it . Now to fix it . Deering to Hatchet fighter . I think that was our last Shark . Congratulations on our first joint victory . It felt real good , but we 'd better hope Buck 's plan works , or we 're gonna have Zarina 's cruiser on our hands . Megacannon is primed and loaded . Catch me if you can , Zarina . Kodus , Twiki , how are you doing down there ? The shield should be closing . Bidibidibidi . Buck , the eagle has landed . Great . Come on , Zarina . Where 's that big number you promised me ? He 's heading through the shield , and so are we . Fire ! The missile met an energy field . - They 've closed the shield . Full reverse ! - We are going too fast . ( Screams ) It has been a pleasure working with you , Twiki Buster . Bidibidibidi . Yeah . What would I have done without you ? Shake , Jake . I am not programmed with that information . Please rephrase your question . Oh , what the heck ! Gimme five , Clive ! " Five Clive " does not compute . Put her there , pal . " Put her there , pal , " computes . Bidibidibidi . Goodbye , pal . The Keeper . Thank you , Tora . My friends , Pendar , our universe itself is indebted to all of you . There is great hope and a bright future for your universe if life there has the attributes you 've shown us . On behalf of all Pendar , I salute you and wish you a safe journey home . - Princess , it 's been a pleasure . - For me as well , Captain . I got to see a different side of you in the last few days . - Really ? And ? - I like it . It wouldn 't hurt to see more of it . You can see any side of me you like , any time of the day or night . - All you have to do is ... - Whistle ? Whatever . I mean that , Buck . Well , until we meet again , Princess . - It can never be too soon , Captain Rogers . - I was afraid you were going to say that . Excuse me , Captain Rogers . ( Clears throat ) - Captain Rogers ... - Goodbye , Buck . Bye-bye . Chandar and I ... well , we owe you our lives . We 'll never forget you . Well , thank you both . Good luck to you . - Are you ready ? - Let 's . Bidibidibidi . I thought you 'd never ask . - Bidibidi . - What does " bidibidi " mean ? ( Buck ) ' Starfighters to Chicago Control . Request landing mode . ' ( Control ) ' Chicago Control to Starfighters . 'Approach on vector 4 , channel locks J and K . ' Bidibi . Bidibi . Now there 's a sight for sore eyes . You bet your transistors , partner ! ♫ Far beyond this world I 've known ♫ Far beyond my time ♫ What kind of world am I going to find ? ♫ Will it be real or just all in my mind ? ♫ What am I ? Who am I ? What will I be ? ♫ Where am I going and what will I see ? ♫
