 WAVELENGTH Shut up , Frank . There 's nothing out there . Frank ... Frank , get in the car . Hey , now , what is this ? Another day off ? Come on , Frank . Okay , you 're fired . Report to the head dog . / Any other time , Bobby might have realized / that something weird was happening . / I guess he had to many other problems in his life / to notice all the little things that didn 't fit . / For the past couple of years / he 'd been holed up in the canyon . / Burned out , beat up and over the hill at 27 . / But now he was writing again , / and now his old buddies were helping him / steal a little studio time . Jesus Christ ... A little early for you , Gordon ? I 'll take this . - Vince , give me the tape . - Glad to , kid . But first , let 's talk about the 32 grand you owe me for the last album . I told you before , I 'm telling you now , I 'm gonna pay that bill . - I 'm gonna pay everybody in talent . - Talk to my lawyer . / My problem is , / I can spot tormented souls / at a distance of about 500 yards . / I 've got ... I guess you could say , / sense about some things . Burt . Hey , maestro , how 're you doing ? - Hi , Marv . - Heard you 've been working out again . - Yeah . - Yeah ? That 's great . And who is this lovely young creature ? - Iris Longacre . - Hallo , Iris Longacre , I 'm Marvin Horn . Nice to meet you . Look , Bobby , I want you to call me tomorrow , ok ? - Yeah . - Here , this is my ... private number , - and , we 'll go to lunch or something , ok ? - Yeah . - Good seeing you . - Yeah , see you , Marv . Cheers . You can never escape the attention of your fellow artists . What makes you think I 'm an artist ? / He was an artist , alright . / We spent a weekend in Mexico / proving the point . Hey , Dan , how are you doing ? - Iris , this is Dan . - Hello , Dan . Oh , what 's the matter , pup ? He 's decided he doesn 't like you anymore . - You got 50 dollars ? - What is this , a stick-up ? - I need a new rock drill . - Why , you going back out to the desert ? - Let 's say we cut out the small talk . - The small talks are what I live for . Hey , where you been lately ? I ain 't seen you around . You know that shack of yours just a little ways out . Consider it a loan . You know , if you are dumb enough to loan a prospector money , you 're a lot worse off than you think . What is that down there ? Well , that place belongs to Government . Come on . Frank , what 're you looking at ? Quiet , Frank . Anything like this ever happened to you before ? Look Bobby , I 'm not crazy , and I don 't normally hear the cry of bats . Don 't look at me like that . Maybe it 's a radio signal . I 've read about a guy who used to pick up broadcast in the filling of his tooth . If that was the radio broadcast , that was coming from the out of Mongolia . Was there ... more than one voice ? They weren 't voices . They were more like ... thoughts . - You mean , in foreign language ? - Not language . Just thoughts . Look ... If you could imagine a whale crying for help ? You 'd be way off . ... But that 's the best I can do . Do you feel anything ? It doesn 't happen all the time . Every once in a while . I don 't get anything now . - Let 's go up here . - No . Come on Iris , for Christ sake . Warning , controlled area . Entry prohibited without the permission of the Commander or lookout man of Air Force Station . Personnel Entering this area agree to a search of the vehicle and / or person if directed by above Commander . - Bobby ... - What ? - Let 's go . - Listen ... The air force abandoned this place 15 years ago . - Bobby , I 'm starting to feel that again . - There is nobody here . What are you feeling ? Iris , tell me . This place was abandoned 15 years ago . Why are all the fences still in perfect condition ? And in the guardhouse , in the window , did you see it ? There is a plant in the window . Plants need to be watered . Look , Iris , there 's just probably some real simple explanation for this . All I know is I get this . Whatever it is I get what I get close to it . It 's like trying to eat lunch while someone 's drowning . What if that 's a creature from " The Black Lagoon " and it comes up here some night and eats me up ? How you 're gonna handle that ? - Don 't make fun of Mother Nature . - I 'm not making fun ! You come around here . You tell me that you hear a whale crying for help and then you get insulted when I ask you a couple of questions . You 're not even willing to hang around and check it out . I thought I told you to never come down here with no strangers . Did you bring water ? I brought whiskey instead . Big deal . Nice view . - Not for sale . - Relax , Dan , I won 't bite . That is the least of my worries . I don 't know what you 're after , but it can 't be very important . Did you see anything unusual round here , Dan ? Did I see anything unusual ? Well , there is Beverly Hills , and there are The Hollywood Hills , and right down at the bottom of this hill is Sunset Boulevard . Have I seen anything unusual ... I made my own tea . If you don 't like it , don 't drink it . Hey Dan , how long has that place been here ? 1942 , after Pearl Harbor . That was the headquarters of Western Defence . Why did they put it up there ? I mean , up in the canyon . In 1942 , we didn 't know how to kill ourselves with atomic radiation . If you want to drop a regular bomb on that building you had to have a heading to the South . They had to land right in middle of building do any damage at all . Walls are 5-6 feet thick , and they went right down through the whole mountain . - You mean , the place goes underground ? - Five or six storeys . But why did they go all that trouble ? Secrecy . Nobody knew it was there , nobody bothered to look . Can you imagine looking for a military base in the middle of Hollywood Hills ? - How come you know so much about this place ? - I helped build it . I was working a claim on the Anza-Borrego and this fellow came along . He 's looking for mining engineers . That 's the first time I knew there was a war on . And of course , after a while we found out I knew a hell of a lot more about mining operations than those pissants from West Point . We dug out the whole inside of that mountain . We had tunnels going one way and the other way ... Tunnels ? The tunnels . Air shafts , ventilation . There are some of them still up at the mountain , right upon this side of the hill . Son of a bitch ... This go all the way to the underground complex ? Well , it wouldn 't make much sense to build it halfway , would it ? Bobby ... I 'm hearing it again . You 're hearing what ? - Let me borrow your lantern . - Not on your life . You 're not going in there . - I just wanna go in the little ways . - But at least wait until daylight . Iris , it doesn 't matter if it 's night or day , it 's underground . Well , you 're not going to borrow my lantern . What if you fell in the hole or something ? What would I do for a lantern ? I got a lantern back at the house . You determined little bastard . How long have you been hearing them ? About two weeks . That 's not a through street . Well , let 's just go on until we see some reason to turn back , ok ? this looks like a good reason . Oh , God . - Wait here . - No . Hey , stay close . I guess once they got the stuff in here , they couldn 't get it out . / DO NOT OPEN CASE Bobby ... What ? It 's coming from somewhere in there . - What is it ? - It 's horrible , Bobby . Let 's get out of here . Look , maybe somebody got trapped down here . Come on . - Are you feeling something ? - Quiet ! Oh , shit ... - Oh , God . - What ? - Oh god ! - What is it , Iris ? No ! What the hell was that ? We 're checking , captain . Everything rolling ? - Anytime . - Alright . Here we go . Proceeding at 21-19 . / I 'm making the initial incision along the line / that would normally be from the sternal notch / to the synthesis pubes . / The texture of the skin surface is smooth / but extremely resistant to the scalpel . Freeze ! The viscera is partially translucent , generally green in colour . Appears that there is no digestive tract whatsoever . - In the upper torso ... - Look . I see it . There appears to be two separate sets of lungs . What we would normally call the abdominal cavity is divided into four compartments . Jesus ... Each seems to contain identical organs . In the mid section about 20 centimeters above the crotch is a bulbous , sinewy organ laced with veins like a human placenta . Doctor Cottrell to 7 , Doctor Cottrell to 7 . Apparently they gained access to level 2 which was not reactivated . One of the old ventilation shafts hadn 't been sealed . - And how the hell did that happen ? - It wasn 't on the blueprint , sir . Jesus Christ ... What now ? Well , what we got on these people ? Robert Sinclair , 25 , musician , divorced , living alone , and Iris Aisley Longacre , 22 , single , artist , living alone in Silver Lake . It sounds made to order . One problem ... The girl comes from a great deal of money . There is a possibility of private investigators . I don 't give a damn if she 's the Queen of Sheba . She 's living alone , she disappeared , right ? Yes , sir . I 'll contact Hurm and tell him we got two more . Milt , why are you taking this kind of risk ? We got enough bodies already . Are they fit to travel ? We had to give the girl a sedative , but the guy is ok . Alright , let 's get on it . - Anything else ? - Yes . How were these people finally discovered ? Approximately 21 : 20 Sergeant Coney and Corporal Hewitt heard a woman 's scream in the vicinity of E-Quarter , level 4 . They sounded the alarm , proceeded to investigate . The screams led them to the cable spreading room . It means she screamed before they found her . - Yes , sir . - Why ? We don 't know , sir . Open it up . Get away from me ! Get away ! Hey , steady ! Get out ! Go on , you two get out ! Go on ! - Don 't be afraid . - Goddamn it , where is Iris ? She is a few rooms down the hall . Ok , put it down . I need to ask you about a couple of things . Answer one question , and I 'll arrange for you to see her , as soon as you accept , alright ? Robert , listen to me . Why did Iris scream ? Was she frightened by the soldiers ? Then what frightened her ? I don 't know . Hey , how are you , Frank ? What 's the matter , Frank , eh ? What 's the matter , baby ? What 's the matter ? Why don 't we take a look ? Come on , we take a look . Wait a minute , Frank . Those tunnels have been plugged . We are all set . Alright , bring her in . Look , Milt , I don 't know what it is exactly , but I 'm convinced that she knows something . Well , you better be right , Vern . Once you bring her in here , she 's all ours . - I know . - And her boyfriend too . That 's right . What are we gonna do ? We 've got to know . Doctor ! Breathe . Breathe . Go on , breathe ! Pick her up , lift her into the chair . You 're alright ? They want to know what you 've done with their friend . The one you call Alpha . Oh , my God . Mr. Secretary ! Mr. Secretary , Colonel Udorn has been trying to reach you ! Who ? - Colonel Udorn , Sir . / Hi , Charlie , this is Gimbel . / We have a top priority scramble for the Eagle . / Keep sight up , Gimbel , we 'll get back to you . / Negative , macho , this is the war emergency . / We copy , stand by . / Switch up to step 2-9 hundred Copy-Tango . / Mr. President ? / Go ahead , we 're clear . / This is Colonel Udorn , sir , / Air Force Special Studies Group . / General Ward had asked me to inform you / that the visitors have recovered . / - What ? / - The Visitors have recovered , sir . - Shouldn 't have brought your briefcase . - Why not ? You 'll see . I made a mistake of taking my briefcase with me into Los Alamos in 1943 . Still there . In July of this year United States Army was conducting top secret tests of the MB-2 tank mounted laser at Hundredlegged Military Reservation . During the third series of tests on July 23 , and approximately 22 : 30 G.M.T. several military and civilian employees present noted a luminous object hovering over Nacimiento Pass at a distance of about 6000 yards . The event was also noted by the O.C. ( Observer Controller ) , who then directed the civilian test crew to fire the laser of the object . This was done . There were several blinding flashes , then the object wavered and fell nearly perpendicular . The area was immediately cordoned off . Radiation and health physics teams were flown in and the D.I.A. ( Defense Intelligence Agency ) notified . Upon inspection the object appeared to be an alien craft built by inteligent beings with an unknown source of power . More significantly it contained the remains of four humanoid creatures who were apparently operating the craft . They 're in a dormant state . That 's the best characterization I have for , gentlemen . How did you manage to miss this ? I don 't know . Rudi Pavich did the complete set of autoencephalographs on Delta and Gamma to determine the structure their nervous system . It was absolutely nothing in the range associated with human brainwaves . However , after the incident with the girl he looked elsewhere in the spectrum . He found long wave signals emanating from the brains of all three creatures . - Have you been able to translate any of these signals ? - No . We couldn 't use the signal core or the C.I.A. cryptographic people , so , we brought Dr. Sidey here from Langley . He is setting up now . Do you have anything yet , Arthur ? It 's an interesting pattern . They seem to generate these signals in bunches , like satellite transmissions . We just started to break down . - How soon will we have something ? - Who knows ? Never seen anything like this before . Well , the one thing that bothers me about all this great deal is why is it , that they only communicate with this girl ? Well , apparently they 'll communicate with anyone , Milt . She 's the only one who hears them . - Why is she so receptive to these things ? - She is a twin for one thing . What the Dr. means is that there have been numerous studies that suggest some kind of thought reception or ... telepathic phenomena between twins . What about the boy ? I don 't think he has anything to do with it . He seems to be along for the ride . But with the girl , there are number of curious things . First of all , she 's almost always in a meditated state . Her brain doesn 't have any background noise . What do you mean , background noise ? Well , you see , with most of us there is always some kind of thought pattern rattling around inside of our heads even if we are asleep . Look at this . When she 's actually not talking , her mind slips automatically into the Alpha state . Yeah , yeah . So what ? I don 't know . It 's possible she 's just a unique human being with an unusually quiet mind . There 's also the possibility that she 's ... one of them . Not one of them . Maybe in league with them , Wittingly or unwittingly . They need light . They need light . Do you understand anything else ? No . Is that all they 're saying or is that all you can understand ? They need light . Ben ... They 're photosynthetic . All they need is sunlight , that 's all . Disconnect her . Well , that is it for today , you must be tired . You bastards ! Ten hut ! Look , Vern , morality doesn 't even enter into this . These things aren 't even human . Morality aside , we don 't have any choice but revive these things . Do you understand that ? Do you realize that we have three incredible databanks down there just waiting to be heated up ? And once we heat them up , what makes you so sure we will be the ones asking questions ? Ok , gentlemen , President wants the recommendation on this thing one way or the other . He 's also gonna want your personal judgements . Now we set up a scrambler conversation for ... what time ? 04 : 30 . It 's about thirty minutes from now . Well , gentlemen , before you talk to the President I got something what I want to show you . Jim . Gentlemen , this is a report from the crash site at Hundredlegged . Got here yesterday , but because of security foul-up , we just got it an hour ago . Lights . Slide one is the crash site on 24 July , after remove of their vehicle . For distance of 200 meters from Ground Zero all vegetation died immediately . As of three days ago the area of desolation has increased 70 percent . Was there any evidence of mutation in new plant growth ? There was no new plant growth . Certain experiments were conducted on the soil itself , which now seems to have a lethal quality . The soil sample seemed quite normal in all respects , - ... but everything planted died immediately . - Is the soil radioactive ? Slightly , but not enough to account for all of this . Lights . Milt ... I think we should consider moving the little bastards out of here . What would we gonna do ? Put them on the truck and drive them through central Los Angeles ? Well , that 's how we got them in here . Yeah , but when we brought them in , we didn 't know they were alive . My guess is ... he 's an unemployed rock musician . / CODE OF CONDUCT / IF I AM CAPTURED I WILL CONTINUE / TO RESIST BY ALL MEANS AVAILABLE . / I WILL MAKE EVERY EFFORT TO ESCAPE / AND AID OTHERS TO ESCAPE . / I WILL ACCEPT NEITHER PAROLE / NOR SPECIAL FAVORS FROM THE ENEMY . The Dodgers are ahead by three . Can you show me anything in the regulations that allows a duty officer to be listening to the ball game ? Sorry , sir . - Code this . - Yes , sir . Attention , Udorn , Air Force Special Studies Group , Unakleet . Request one way passage for Sinclair , Robert , as early as possible . - I want confirmation of that . - Oh , sir , are you returning to Level 6 ? - What is it ? - This just came in for General Ward . That 's an eyes only message for the General . I 'm the Chief of Intelligence here , sergeant . Here I decide who sees what , if it 's all the same ... This came in thirty minutes ago ! - I have waiting to see if there is anything else to go down - Son of a bitch ! We just got a report from the crash site . Of the 34 whitnesses that we isolated 11 already died and the rest are sick . - Hinsdale , let 's seal off the base . - Yes , sir . MacGruder , assemble a list of everybody that 's been down on the Level 7 . - Milt , that includes almost all of us . - Yeah , I know . Stern , let 's go . My God , General Hunt . Did you see his face ? / Attention ! Attention ! / The base has been sealed . / This is precautionary measure . / No vertical traffic . / Repeat : no vertical traffic . / The base has been sealed . / This is a precautionary measure . Let 's assume for the moment that these creatures are some kind of advanced guard . If that 's the case , then we let ourselves in for an incredible trap . He 's right . If they 're reading our minds , then they have access to our most sensitive security information . - They know everything . - What are you talking about ? They are the space travelers , remember ? Some civilization we can 't even dream of . Wherever they came from , they certainly didn 't come down here to steal our ideas . Where do you think the girl fits in ? Think she 's just a bright girl they happened to pay attention . I suppose you think these creatures are here for their health . - Possible . - What 's the matter with you , Sidey ? You 'd pass anyone by their language , you forgot about all those corpses ? - Sir , we 're under alert , sir . - Come on , open the door . Lip print , sir . Alright , we know they are lethal , but maybe it 's not their fault . You 're worse than Cattrell . Anything for an experiment . - Where is Cattrell ? - He 's not here , General . He is ill . Ill ? He said he wasn 't felling well and went up to sick bay about an hour ago . Stern , secure this area , clear all these people out . - Seal the lab . - Yes , sir . All right , men , you heard him , everybody out , now ! You too , soldier . Out . General , we may not have very much time . The autopsy was preformed by now for less than 72 hours on . There were six men in an operating room . Five of them are already dead . - What can we do about it ? - I don 't know what it is . It 's not airborne that autopsy was performed in a anaerobic chamber . It has nothing to do with proximity . Bob first was observing from the ... from the gallery , on the other side of the glass . He died 45 minutes ago . Jesus Christ . How can I have been so stupid ? Have those ventilator shafts been shut ? 15 minutes ago . We are on emergency oxygen now . Now we got about 6 hours left . From the looks of things it wouldn 't make any difference anyway . Listen , sealing the base isn 't the answer . We gotta make sure those things stay down in there . I want that goddamn lab to become a tomb . We got construction equipment upon 4 . We could fill the bottom of the elevator shafts with rubble , and cover it with concrete . Good . Let 's go on . What 's going on ? - what are those alarms ? - Nothing , it 's just routine . Now , come on Iris , we 're taking you some place safer . Safer to what ? What is happening ? Where is Cottrell ? Dr. Cottrell is tied up , Iris . I want to see Bobby . Where are you taking me ? I 'm not going anywhere till I see the son of a bitch that runs this cave . Take her , sergeant . God damn it ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Iris ! Bobby ! Iris ! Alright ! Alright ! Alright ! What difference does it make ? Get the boy . - Honey ! - Alright . Alright . / All section 3 personnel / report to the cryo Lab . - What did they to to you ? - Are you ok , Bobby ? You son of a bitch ! Hey , pal , you can 't do this ! You think you deal with some goddamn hippie , right ? I got connections , buddy . - I 'll see your ass in court . - Ok . Look , I 've arranged for the two of you to be together from now on . - Move them out . - Come on . Hey , lay off me , man . - Iris , what 's going on here ? - You mean the alarms ? I don 't know . No , I mean what 's going on in this place ? What is this place ? - Do you know about the Aliens ? - The what ? Hey ! Hey ! Goddamn it ! Hey , what the hell is going on ? ! They look like children . They are lot older than we are . This is what you were hearing ? - You can get that second pod cat into operation . Go . - Right , Sir . Bring it on in . You two . Get under the junction box 4-2-7 . Get it open , bridge those cable , get those doors open . - Let 's go , move ! - Yes , sir ! What they afraid of ? They 're afraid people would freak out if they found out about this . Yeah , and the goverment can handle it but we can 't , right ? They ought to take them out of those freezers . The Air Force is afraid that ... they might take over the planet . Will they ? If you could go anywhere in the universe would you come to this loony bin to set up a plantation ? There 's gotta be a reason , Iris . The Air Force doesn 't do this kind of thing for nothing . You , musicians never read the newspapers , do you ? Iris , come on . There 's gotta be a reason ... Jesus Christ , Bobby ! Don 't you understand what 's happening here ? What the hell was that ? We can 't wait ! Iris ! We got intruders on 6 . What ? I get no response from security on level 6 . General . Ward here . Generel , we got the 15 degree temperature drop in here in the last couple of minutes . They must have broken out . Get down here right away . Bring your men , and round up everybody you can , cover the main exit to anything that moves . Yes , sir . OK , you guys . Let 's get the hell out of here . Dan . Frank ... How are you doing ? Hey , where 's Dan ? Where is Dan ? Dan ! Right here . - Dan ... - Thank God . - Dan , you gotta help us , man . - That all depends . Don 't touch them ! This is Delta , Gamma and Beta . - They are not from around here . - Is that a fact ... Look out ! Generel ... If this autopsy is right , we should be able to kill them with ordinary weapons . They have vital organs here , here and the head . - They 'll succumb to gunshot or shrapnel . - We gotta find them first . General , it 's Clayborn . He 's got the Governor on the line . What can we tell him ? Here , I got something . How about this ? The kidnapped children were undergoing treatment for a highly contagious and possibly fatal disease . I can 't put that out , MacGruder . You 're gonna have a stampede . It 's gotta be something like that . Governor , General Ward . Look out , will you , Frank ? You got a dime ? - Police ! - You goddamn weenie-waggers . Do you believe this , Rick ? Messing with the children ? Flemming , at last . When the hell are you gonna get rid of that answering machine ? Well , I ... Will you listen to me ? ! I need help ! Look what I found . I don 't think they 're gonna wear anything , Bobby . Iris , they gotta put something on . We can 't run around with a three naked kids , not even in Hollywood . No , they won 't cover their skin . God ... Damn it , baby , they 've got to . Watch it , Bobby . Don 't threaten them . Flemming , let 's go to my dig in the Mojave . And stay off the freeways . - Whose truck ? - Do you remember Warren ? We worked together on that clay mover by El Paso mountain . Where is your truck ? Broken axle . It 's up in Inyo . Listen , Flemming , we don 't wanna talk to nobody . - What 's the matter ? - I don 't know . What is it ? I don 't feel so good . Well , you should lay down , for God 's sake . You have to rest . / Temperature in Hollywood is 74 degrees , / going down to an overnight low of 68 . / Now here 's more on that kidnapping / from Laur McColl in Mobile 14 . Well , Charlie , we don 't know any more specifics about three children who were kidnapped , nor the young couple who allegedly kidnap them . But I can tell you I haven 't seen anything like this / since the SLA shoot out . / The police have completely cordoned off the area / of Laurel Canyon , West of Coldwater . / So , if you 're traveling in that area / I 'd suggest you plan to take alternative route . / Live from Hollywood , Mobile 14 . Bring the light over here ! Hey ! Bobby is sick ! We have to do something . No ! I wish I had my harmonica . You 're such a traditionalist . Hey , Iris ... can you ... can you tell what I 'm thinking right now ? I think I can figure it out . No , I mean , can you read my mind . No . How can you hear them ? Well , their thoughts are focused . They have tremendous concentration . Well , I can 't hear them . You 're not listening . Water ! You stay here , ok ? I 'm ok . Water ! Where the hell have you been ? Here . - Three swallows apiece . - Are we short on water ? No , we 're not short on water , and that 's the way I want to keep it . Dunno how long we 're gonna be able to stay here . Sure isn 't okay to go anyplace else . - How long have they been gone ? - An hour . Take them that long to get out there . Why 'd they go to the middle of the valley ? To get a much better view of the Panamint Mountains . Besides , they said they can 't think straight , when they were around us . If they get all their energy from the sun , how 'd they stay alive in the freezers ? Well , they suck the energy from everything around them . The walls , the wires , the buildings ... And the people . Yes . Where is MacGruder ? Colonel ? - Where is General Ward ? - He 's asleep . What is it ? NASA thinks they got a lead . Damn it . Tell them to let us know when it happens . No , sir . This seems fairly hot . One of our scanning stellites picked up some unexpected signals out of the Mojave Desert . Hang on . Do they have names ? Not like we do . Their names are their whole history . You mean , they say " Hello " , and you get their whole life in one lump ? Like that . They save a lot of time on dates . - Do they eat ? - No , they don 't eat . They absorb all their nutrients through their skin and their lungs . If they don 't eat , and they don 't talk how can they still have mouths ? Vestigial organs . Leftovers from the good old days . Now they just use their mouths for sex . You 're kidding , right ? What you see here is a copy of a satellite photograph taken at eighteen hundred . This is the copy of an infra-red scanner . It just came in . Here and here . These are definitely live forms . Thank God . It couldn 't be better . Right out in the middle of the goddamned desert . Yeah , maybe luck is on our side for a change . General ? Authorization protect orders . Should I give the word ? - Alright , we 'll attack at first light . - Oh Milt , why wait ? No , I want absolute confirmation . I don 't want to go in there and blow up a lot of sand to find out there 's nobody there . How about this ? We got Army Units at Fort Irwin . We chopper them in the other side of the mountain . By dawn , they can be in the position to spot for an airstrike . General , I think this is a terrible mistake . For supposing Cottrell will right , supposing they are friendly . Or if they were friendly , why is Cottrell dead ? ALERT , BRIG GEN CC BOGARDUS COMMANDING USA PT IRWIN ALERT ALL AVAILABLE UNITS 502 BRIGADE FOR IMMEDIATE NIGHT ACTION CODED MESSAGE FOLLOWS They are surprised we 've lasted as long as we have . So , you mean , we have a chance ? - They 're still kicking . They 've got a chance . - Well , can 't they do something ? What ? I mean , don 't they got to report to somebody ? They 're just tourists . Can you see the star they came from ? They like your music , by the way . What do you mean ? The munchkins . They never heard my music . - Why , you think about music , don 't you ? - All the time . Well , they hear it . And they like your music . Well ... So do I. I like your music . - They 've been there for a while . - Oh God , Iris ... Well , they 've seen us at our worst . Why can 't they see us at our best ? This is embarrassing . They say that 's half our problem . They are leaving ! They are saying good bye . - Where are they going ? - I don 't know . They say we should stay here . May the Force be with you ! Oh , Jesus , Bobby ... / 6-Gun and Gavlin , this is Johnny Control . / We have a specified target / along the Eastern slope of the / Panamint mountains in Death Valley . / As soon as we get the light on the subject / the target will be indicated by ground spotters . / We want maximum impact , / you 'll be using everything you 've got . / Johnny Control , this is 6-Gun , / hold at 1-5 West to Death Valley at flight level 2-1 . / 6-Gun , this is Gavlin . I 'm closing on you , / two miles and trailing . / You got any idea what this is all about ? / Not a clue , Gavlin . We have three flights of 1-16 at 30,000 at Palmdale there . The advance units of the 500 and second , are in position along this ridge , the backup units are airborne out of Edwards and it will be done in 28 minutes . My God , General , this is madness . / This is 6-Gun lead . / Gavlin Flight , arm your weapon . / Roger . Real out boys . / Two copy , Three 's hot . / 6-Gun will take the leave with fragmentation . / Gavlin Fly , fall on into the heavy stuff . This is Coon Dog , in position at the ridge . / We copy , Coon Dog . / This is 6-Gun , old station old factor . / You should have the light / in a couple of minutes . / 6-Gun , this is Gavlin , / I got problem with my radar . / I 'm picking out something strange / over the target area . What the hell is this ? / Coon dog , this is 6-Gun , / let 's take a look . Ok , Leighton . 6-Gun , this is 1-Gun . You 're no match for this thing . Abort your run , pull out , pull out ! / Jesus Christ ! / Look at that son of a bitch ! / It must be two miles across ! / - Goddamn , Gavlin Fly ! Hold formation ! / - What is it ? ! Get a grip on yourself ! Describe it ! / Where the hell did it come from ? Holy shit ! That 's close enough . Break away ! Break away ! Well , don 't be ridiculous . They wouldn 't be out there in the middle of the desert unless they had some sort of countermeasures . But he 's right . If we fire missiles at them , they 're gonna blow up right in our faces . But we just can 't surrender , for Christ sake . 6-Gun , what do you say we get the hell out of here ? / Johnny Control , this is 6-Gun . / We 're gonna run off around the mountain / and give this sucker a little room . - You got any idea , Sidey ? - The girl , of course . She 's got to be out there . We 've got to get word to her that the Secretary of Defence or somebody like that is willing to talk to them personally . Milt ? - That 's the joint chiefs . - Do it , Milt . Goddamn it ! If we go belly up without firing a shot they 'll chew us to pieces . / Mayday , it 's Reno . What are we seeing ! / Gangway ! Gangway ! / This bulletin just in to the " KMPC " newsroom . / Unscheduled military maneuvers ... / took place this morning in the Mojave Desert / as part of a training exercise . / According to Air Force spokesman / Colonel James MacGruder / reports of seismic activity of power blackouts / in the desert region could be attributed / at the testing a new equipment in conjunction / with these maneuvers . Headhunters ! That 's what those little guys should mark on their maps about this place . Beware headhunters ! Well , at least they ain 't gonna be sending us any missionaries . What do you think they 're gonna do to us ? Not a damn thing . Right now , Iris , all they want us to do is to keep our mouths shut . / Bobby was right . / For the Air Force it was back / to business as usual , / and the whole thing would could done in the books / as just another unconfirmed UFO sighting . / But for the rest of us ... / well , we all spend a lot of time these days / looking up at the night sky . / Bobby is afraid we 'll never see them again ... / but I 'm not so sure . / Like I said , / I have a sense about some things . fansubbed by Orion1 Dave Kuba nocnytygrys
