 How would you like to see your father ? Huh ? Come on . I know they taught you English before they shut down the orphanage . And I speak lousy Vietnamese . [ laughs ] You are Ho Minh Truong , right ? Huh ? My father is in America . He 's a pilot . He 's gone . My mother , too . Answer my question . How would you like to see your father ? [ plane engine running ] Want to try it again , Dom ? What would you do if I was paid overtime ? [ engine revving powerfully ] ( Hawke ) Nine-eight . Mach point nine-nine . Mach 1 . Prepare to retrograde in 10 seconds . ( Dominic ) Do I have a choice ? Eight seconds . Six . Why can 't we hover like regular helicopter people ? Four seconds . This is a hell of a way to stop a- - Two . Now . ( Dominic ) Turbos off . [ helicopter decelerating ] I need more power . Engaging rotors . [ continues decelerating ] I need more power . You 've got it all . Abort ! Give me back the turbos . [ engines revving ] I was lousy , huh ? We 're alive . Yeah , but I was lousy . Need a little more practice . Yeah , maybe tomorrow , String . I 'll be on straight time then . [ screeching ] ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ cello playing ] ( Archangel ) lt shouldn 't take more than a couple of weeks . It 's not like you 'd be missing anything . Well , maybe some cello music and the mellow mating tones of the red-tipped sparrow , but I can always send you a cassette of that . You can 't send me pure , fresh air . You 'll be flying radar officer on a high-altitude recon jet . You 'll be on oxygen most of the time . What 's purer than oxygen ? Forget the view . Forget fresh air . I 'm talking about an American pilot who 's going to steal our hottest tactical aircraft and deliver it to the Russians . Somebody 's got to stop him . We don 't know who he is . We only know that the plan is to steal one when we deploy the first planes next week . He could be any one of those pilots . Replace them . We can 't . The ferry pilots are also the training officers after delivery . Replacing them could slow everything down by at least six months . [ stops playing ] What a shame . A multi-million dollar plane is about to be handed over to the Russians and your classification of the problem is " shame . " I compliment you . Your mastery of silence is exceeded only by your facility at understatement . But measuring this with the word " shame " surpasses all your previous achievements in articulation . Why , thank you . Since you seem to be removed from the problems of the world today , perhaps we should bring you up-to-date . You see , there are these bad guys . They 're called the Russians . I think I 've heard of them . And then there 's us . What do they call us ? It varies in different parts of the world , but for the sake of this conversation , we 'll call ourselves the " good guys . " So how do you tell them from us ? That 's easy . We wear white hats . You 'd look good in a white hat , Mr. Hawke . Very good . Well , I guess we 'd better get one for Dominic , too . ( Archangel ) Dominic will never pass as a military pilot . We 'll work somethin ' out . [ airplane engines whirring ] They 're great , huh ? Yeah . Sure glad they 're ours . ( Winner ) Hey , if you 're going for a tan , I 'd suggest you slip out of that flight suit . What are you starin ' at ? You remember an Army captain in Nam by the name of Stringfellow Hawke ? Yeah . Flew Hueys . He pulled me out of Indian territory once . Good reason to remember . Who could forget a name like Stringfellow Hawke ? Said he was gonna fly civilian . Been assigned here . On the Army exchange program . ( Winner ) No kiddin ' . He probably couldn 't make it on the outside . Some of us just make lousy civilians , you know what I mean ? [ laughing ] See you later , chief . Do you still expect people to read your silences ? Only if I don 't know what to say . It 's been 10 years , Nhi Huong . A little over 1 1 . Did you look for me ? By the time I got out of the hospital , Saigon had fallen . Did you try ? Does it matter ? No . What are you doing here ? Trying to bring my family together . ( Dominic ) I 've been hanging around here waiting for you for 10 minutes . You know what they call guys that hang around men 's rooms ? What do you want ? A tip ? Look , I said I 'd be your cover , but you could have made me a pilot or a mechanic , but no . I told you , I need you on and off the base . Nobody notices a guy with a mop . They do in a room like this . Ah , just a minute , we want privacy . Hold the- - hold the flying pattern for a minute , will you ? Uh , we 're changin ' the ice in the head . We 've got privacy . There 's a Nhi Huong Truong on the base . I want to know her status and reason for being here . Personal or business ? Personal . Don 't press it . What did you learn from those guys out there ? That their capacity for alcohol hasn 't diminished . You better duck in a stall before I let this guy in or you 're gonna get some funny looks . For what ? I 'm an officer ... and a gentlemen . [ Quoc speaking Vietnamese ] ( Ho Minh ) Nhi Huong Truong . If his mother was still in Vietnam , you think he 'd tell you where ? [ speaking Vietnamese ] [ speaking Vietnamese ] ( Zimmer ) He 's never even seen his father . Uh , um , all this is unnecessary . Look , you 're supposed to be helping me , not holding an interrogation . Would you please just sign the visa form ? Mr. Zimmer , this is my country , not yours . I decide what is necessary here or not . As long as it doesn 't take more than 20 minutes . My country runs on a precise schedule . Hmm . [ Quoc continues speaking Vietnamese ] His father is whoever I say he is . Now you just sign the visa and say goodbye , because I know what your orders are . ( Roper ) We 're on our fifth bottle here and we have yet to have a legitimate toast . ( Simms ) Not enough booze in us to get that silly . It 's not silly , it 's a responsibility to the champagne . It 's a- - it 's a formality . It 's not like we 're drinkin a case of beer here . Okay , okay , that 's enough . Who has anything nice to say about Stringfellow Hawke ? He 's quiet . That 's good . He 's quiet . That 's good . He 's pretty . [ chuckling ] He 's pretty . That 's good . ( Roper ) He looks nice in that new uniform , too . Uh , not that nice . I think you 're right about that . Maybe we ought to stick with , uh , " He 's pretty quiet . " Here 's to Hawke . Welcome home . Wait a minute . Hold it . There 's more to the ceremony . You 've got to make a speech , Hawke . Stand up and be a fool , or all this don 't count . [ laughs ] I got to go to the bathroom . [ all laughing ] ( Roper ) Okay , Josh , my boy , why don 't you give me a little port rudder and pull your nose up about 5 degrees . Can 't you just say take a left turn and don 't fall ? That wouldn 't be military , would it ? Right . Right . And we 're not fit for the world of civilians and humans , right ? It 's different . Different . Different . You know , for guys like us , it 's like a , it 's a ballpark with no fences . There 's no way to hit a home run . But if you don 't get a hit once in a while , they 're--they 're just waiting to beat on you and tell you you 're not fit for anything besides burning ' out villages . Tried his luck as a civilian a couple of years ago . It kicked him around pretty good . Don 't talk for me , Sam . You know , I 've been wearing blue uniforms since--since my first shave . Yeah , I , I 've been into this wave the flag and go for broke business since I , since I traded in my virginity for a pair of wings and a , and a fancy football helmet with a microphone in it . And you want to know something ? Huh ? You want to know something ? You know , it all don 't mean nothin outside of this prefabricated world that we live in here . [ laughs ] [ airplane engines running ] Could be bull ! It is . Uh , uh , l--l went out into the world of worsteds and attache cases and I was introduced around as the resident freak . Oh , I mean , they--they treat you nice and all that kind of social puke and then they , they wanted to see my medals . And then they asked me how many people I figured l--l burned to death at 4,000 feet . 'Cause they don 't know . They don 't care . I spent three years of my life in hell . And they don 't give a damn . It don 't have nothing to do with them . Then who the hell are we doing it for ? I do it for myself . Let go of me , Sam . I can stagger without any help at all ... How long has he been like that ? Since they passed him over for promotion . When was that ? Over a year ago . And before ? What in the hell are you up to ? My job . Which is ? Working with you as an exchange pilot . That 's what your orders say . You have as much business doing that as I do shuttlin ' a Huey . They brought you back , recalled you for this one mission . How do you know ? My wife is Gen. Masello 's secretary . I also know your orders didn 't come from Air Force HQ . They came from Washington . Langley , to be exact . She can lose her job digging into things like that . I don 't think so . You and Nhi Huong were too close for you to do something like that to her . You 've got a check ride at 07 : 00 hours . Be on time . I understand your ip is real tough . [ airplane taking off ] You 'll have to move that jeep . You can 't leave it there , I 'm sorry . Hey , you know where l can find a Capt. Hawke ? What 'd he do , make a mess in the officers ' club , or something ? [ laughs ] He 's the Army exchange pilot . Who 's he up with ? An instructor pilot . Does he have a name ? Maj. Roper . Oh . ( Roper ) High-frequency recorders ? ( Hawke ) Functioning . High-speed surveillance ? I can 't reach it . Loosen your shoulder straps and check the negative displacer . MiGs on our six . Something just ain 't right up there . I got both of ' em . ( Hawke ) And me . [ engine decelerating ] [ tires screeching ] You 're grounded . What are you talking about ? You can 't ground me . The hell I can 't . I was right ! You 're not here as an exchange pilot , are you ? Hawke , I have to make that ferry flight . Why ? 'Cause it 's my job ! All right , there 's more . What ? I can 't tell you , Hawke . Then you 're grounded . I 'm callin ' in all favors . Whatever you figure , you owe me for old times ' sake . I think you 're askin ' me to overpay . If you won 't do it for me , do it for Nhi Huong . ( Archangel ) I asked for a meeting , but why here ? ( Dominic ) I thought you 'd like my office . [ chuckling ] You assigned me . I 'm sorry I don 't have time to discuss your choice of furnishings . It 's not my choice . Watch your feet . What did you want to tell me ? That now we both know Roper is our man . Don 't tell me what I know . How about telling me something I don 't know ? Will you have your gladiator sheath his sword first ? ( Archangel ) Thank you . Roper is married to a Vietnamese national . Not out of the ordinary . But when you requested information on her through your janitor , I had her checked into more thoroughly . I guess that means I talked too much . Rare , but a fact . Mrs. Roper has a child , an Amerasian son . She 's been trying to get him to the States ever since you first arrived here . Mothers have been known to do that . So I 've heard . We checked and found that the boy ... [ coughs ] The kid got a name ? Ho Minh . He was housed at an orphanage till the government closed it . Then he managed to survive in the streets for a while . The kid doesn 't have half a chance . Can 't you get him out of there ? It seems he is now a ward of the U.S.S.R. With the cooperation of the VC government . Ho Minh has been transported to a Russian air base at Omrylkot , Russia . ( Dominic ) So what ? Omrylkot is only 180 miles from Alaska . One of the planes is scheduled to be delivered to Shemya Air Force Base in Alaska . And Roper is the pilot ? Not yet . But since he 's the commander , he makes out the duty chart . You 've done quite well , Hawke . By intuition , you 've managed to open the latch that opened the door for us . What about Roper ? He 's a traitor . Not yet , he 's not . Well , the Firm is not going to wait till he is . And the boy ? A 1 2-year-old waif is no trade for a newly designed , multi-million dollar plane . Depends on who does the trading , doesn 't it ? I do . When is Ho Minh 's birthday ? He 's 1 2 years old . Don 't let your imagination run away with you . I don 't want you to do anything about Roper . Let him be . You expect me to just sit back and let him- - l 'll guarantee no plane will be turned over to the Russians . You 're not co-signing an auto loan . Your guarantee is not enough . It 'll have to be . And if it 's not ? [ sighs ] I 'll trade Airwolf for the boy . [ tires screeching ] [ birds chirping ] What do you want ? You knew that was comin ' . I know I deserved it , too . Get up . [ grunts ] What was that one for , interest ? That was instead of a firing ' squad . They don 't shoot you for makin ' a fool of yourself on a check ride . They do for turnin ' aircraft over to the Russians . I don 't know what you 're talking about . You 'd better start remembering ' . Because I 'm the only thing standing between you and a blindfold . [ Zimmer speaking Russian ] [ speaking Russian ] [ jeep engine running ] [ speaking Russian ] [ people chattering in Russian ] [ phone ringing ] Hey , mister , could you tell me something ? Are you hungry again ? Yeah , that , too . But it 's about this picture . Yeah . What about it ? Could you tell me which one is my father ? Which one would you like it to be ? Any one of them is okay . [ sighs ] Damn it , Sam . You 're too smart to think you could get away with this . I 'm not a traitor . Before I 'd turn that plane over to anybody , I 'd ditch with it in the Bering Sea . Yeah , and freeze to death in 1 1 minutes . It 'd be worth the gamble . You 've never been an idiot before . I 've never been a father before either . I have a son , Hawke . A son I 've never seen before . A son who doesn 't even know who I am . Why didn 't he come out with Nhi Huong ? They were separated . He was in the Swiss Hospital there . He was due to come on the next flight , but he never made it . Nhi wanted to stay . I convinced her he 'd be all right . That was the only way . How did the Russians contact you ? Hanoi contacted Nhi first . They strung us out for over a year , finally turned us over to a Russian . You really think you can pull this off ? I figured I 'd make a navigational error and be forced down in their territory . In time I 'd be exchanged . You said you 'd ditch the plane before you 'd turn it over . That 's exactly what I was going to do . Call an emergency and ditch before I get to the island . I figured they 'd give me my boy just for tryin ' . You really believe that ? ( Nhi ) lt will work . If you 'd just stay out of it , Hawke . ( Hawke ) I can 't stay out of it . What would you do if it was your son ? You owe it to Sam . He saved your life when it still meant something to you . I never told you that . What about it , Hawke ? Pay Sam back . A man has a right to see his son . ( Dominic ) No ! Not a chance ! ( Hawke ) Just hold on , Dom . I can 't have an excitable man making precision adjustments on it . You see what I mean ? You 're not even thinking straight . Look , you can 't say a thing about it on the phone . Archangel probably has it tapped . That only saves me from havin ' to make a direct call to Michael . Just don 't you pick up a tail . Me ? Nobody tails me . Then I can trust you to handle everything . Doesn 't my saying no mean anything to you ? Only when you mean it . See you later . [ sighs ] [ airplane engines whirring ] Oh , Michael , you 'll find that if you add some pine-scented detergent to your scrub water , you 'll give your bathrooms that fresh outdoor aroma . [ laughing ] All , right , we 're takin ' off in three sections . Winner and Jones to Corpus Christi , Simms and Lewis to Orlando , and I 'm taking the Alaska run with Hawke . These flight plans and re-fueling points read like a crossword puzzle , Sam . That 's how they read the foreign satellite radar . I want to use low-level flying whenever possible . Desert and water . Let 's make this as difficult as we can . For who ? I didn 't think this was still a secret . Maybe not , we 're not advertising ' either . Any further questions ? All right then , good luck to you all . Hawke , I 'd like to see you for a second . [ sighs ] Everything going the way you want it so far ? Uh , well , the flight plan ought to put enough gaps in radar to keep Air Defense busy . Unless we messed them up too much and they call the flight back . Once you take off , there 's no turnin ' back . You just go deaf and dumb and you do just what I tell you . Thank you . You want to tell me now how you 're going to do it ? With a helicopter . Eagle flight , you 're cleared for take off . ( Roper ) Eagle flight rolling . ( Hawke ) We 've just passed the point of no return . Roger . [ tires skidding ] ( controller ) Sir , I 've lost contact with Eagle Three . Give him a call . It could be atmospheric . [ airplane engine turning off ] You 're a janitor . You see how clean that desert is ? [ laughs ] You 'll get a radio signal when it 's time to take off . Resume your present flight plan . How am I gonna explain you 're not with me ? You won 't have to . ( Hawke ) Sure is cold out here . ( Dominic ) Cold ? You call this cold ? Ha . I remember the time your dad and me were ferrying planes from Thule to England . We had to stop over in Iceland . It got so cold on that one flight that the engines froze right in the middle of the air and we couldn 't come down . [ laughing ] [ both laughing ] Ah . That ought to warm you up . Yeah . [ clanging ] [ beeping ] [ ignition blasting ] [ engine accelerating ] [ Airwolf revving ] 2,000 . 4,000 . 8,000 . 12,000 . There he is . Eagle Three . Base . ( Hawke ) Eagle Three to Base . Three , we 've have been unable to read you for the past 20 minutes . Over . Sorry , Base . I had a pressurization leak indicated , I dropped to below Angel 's ten to check it out . 3 are you declaring an emergency ? Negative . Negative . It 's a malfunctioning light . I 'm climbing back to Angel 's thirty . Roger , Eagle Three . Cleared 300 . Keep an eye on him , if he drops off again , I want to know . Yes , sir . We got away with it so far . ( Dominic ) Sure . Now all we have to do is attack Russia , steal a kid , and try not to get caught by our own government . In the meantime , I still don 't know what all these knobs and--and--and buttons are for . I wouldn 't sweat it , Dom . If you touch that eject button , you 'll be the first to know . Oh . [ beeping ] Hey , what 's that ? Put on the descrambler . Oh , sure . That 's not the one . Okay , which one is it ? Upper left . Right next to the Shrike missile . Be careful . ( Archangel ) Good afternoon , Stringfellow . I don 't suppose you 'd consider giving me your coordinates ? Dom 's the navigator here . Oh , good . Then at least the cockpit has been freshly scrubbed . ( Hawke ) How long did it take you to figure out what I was going to do ? ( Archangel ) When you disappeared on the radar screen . Hawke , I 'd like to see you bring the boy back . But we 've got to keep the plane . Amazing ! Behind that impeccable white suit beats a heart- - of recyclable plastic . That 's very good , Dominic . Hawke , please give him a sugar cube and a pat on the neck for me . ( Archangel ) I may not be accurate about your location , but I can sure make an educated guess as to your destination . Can I assist ? Yeah , you can feed my dog . [ laughs ] How did you know I was ... Sometimes , Hawke , you amaze even me . Good luck . [ phone beeping ] ( Dominic ) How come Archangel 's " good luck " always sounds like " goodbye ? " Turn on the radar scanner . Um , do I guess , or will you give me a hint ? It 's the green light next to the chain gun power . ( Dominic ) Oh . Says here we 're 2.5 miles from Nome , Alaska . Whatever happened to that " flying by the seat of your pants " stuff ? Oh , it went out when designers started to write their names on your behind . Ferry Three to Control . Eagle Three . Go . Ferry Three . I 'll be dropping altitude and altering directions . This is not an emergency . I repeat , this is not an emergency . Negative Eagle Three ! Maintain your present heading and altitude . You are not authorized to deviate from the flight plan . Over . Strap her down , Dom . Why not let those people mow their own lawns , huh ? Increasing speed . [ accelerating ] I can 't think of any way to help him . ( Archangel ) Short of an invasion of Russia , all we can do is be restrained spectators . Too bad . He 's a very capable man . Hawke or Dominic ? I never met Dominic Santini . Well , he 's not nearly as attractive as Stringfellow . Well , I hope both of them make it . For professional reasons , I 'm sure . Of course . [ speaking Russian ] [ speaking Russian ] String , it 's time for some serious thoughts on religion . We just crossed our protective zone . We 're approaching foreign territory . I 'm slowing . I 'm going to match Ferry Three 's air speed . Hey , you invite anyone else on this trip ? How many ? Four . The readout says MiG-23 , 20 miles away . Now will you act a little worried ? Check the ground scanner and see what 's at the airstrip . Three low buildings , some equipment , and a radar trailer . Which one shows the most heat on the scanner ? The one on the west end is giving off the hottest signals . That 's where Ho Minh will be . I 'll blind them , you make them deaf . You 're forgetting the MiGs . We 'll send ' em a decoy missile to chase . You ready ? Will you take no for an answer ? Sure . [ missile whizzing ] [ beeping ] [ static sound screeching ] [ grunting ] ( Dominic ) They 're deaf , but they 're not blind . ( Hawke ) We 're coming in like a jet . You know the procedure . I know we never did it right once ! There 's always a first time . [ beeping ] Targeting countdown . Yeah , yeah , all right , I 'm ready . You 've got all the firepower . Be ready to cut turbos . Come on , kid . We 're headin ' back for the land of hamburgers and heartburn . [ laughs ] Are you my father ? You 'll know him when you see him . ( Roper ) Get the ball now , boy . ( Archangel ) You 're going to receive a reprimand on your service record for not arriving in Alaska with Roper . Does that mean I 'm not gonna make General ? I certainly hope so . Have you considered a career in airplane theft ? I still haven 't quite figured out how you managed to keep switching planes and still keep our radar in the dark . You have to ask Dominic about that . Dominic 's not talking to me . I 'd like to keep it that way . Well , if you 'll excuse me , I think I 'll just go stare at the lake . Looking at them , I know it was all worth it . Maybe it 's about time for some truth about Ho Minh ? Ho Minh 's last name is Roper . It always has been . I guess I gotta live with that answer . It 's the only answer I 'll ever give . Fair enough . But if your son ever needs me , I 'll be there . You 'll have to be . We 're giving him an American name . What 's that ? Guess ? Stringfellow 's no name for a kid like that .
