 ( narrator ) This briefing is from File A56-7W . Classified . : top secret . Subject is Airwolf , a Mach 1-plus attack helicopter with the most advanced weapons system in the air today . It has been hidden somewhere in the western United States by its test pilot , Stringfellow Hawke . Hawke has promised to return Airwolf only if we can find his brother St. John , an MIA in Vietnam . We suspect that Archangel , deputy director of the agency that built Airwolf , is secretly helping Hawke in return for Hawke 's flying Airwolf on missions of national concern . Stringfellow Hawke is 34 , a brilliant combat pilot and a recluse since his brother 's disappearance . His only friend is Dominic Santini , whose air service is the cover for their government work . With Hawke and Santini flying as a team at speeds rivaling the fastest jets backed by unmatched firepower , Airwolf is too dangerous to be left in unenlightened hands . Finding it is your first priority . [ man speaking Spanish on radio ] [ speaking in Spanish ] [ seagulls crying ] [ helicopter whirring ] [ speaking in Spanish ] Uh-uh ! It 's show and tell time , buddy . You go first . [ speaking in Spanish ] [ men chattering ] Welcome to Cuba . Yeah . To tell you the truth , I 'll be happy when I leave here . [ speaking in Spanish ] Can I talk to them ? In a minute . Can you untie their hands and then--then take those guns out of their faces ? is it all here ? Yeah , it 's all there . All $ 2 million of it . Go ahead and count it if you want . I intend to . Those men could be in better shape . They are no longer young . Besides , we don 't baby our criminals here . Senor Santini , perhaps you don 't ... [ guns firing ] [ speaking in Spanish ] Did you think you could get away with this ? What do you mean ? I had nothing to do with that chopper . I delivered my end . Delivered what ? Bullet holes in the sand ? You delivered nothing . Look , I came to take those prisoners , and I 'm gonna take them back with me . I have executed men for less than what you have just done . Those prisoners cost you $ 2 million before . Now they cost $ 3 million . Take that message back to United States . And what if I tell you to go to hell ? Then you will die . Here , now . And I will find another way to deliver my message . Do you want to die for nothing ? Of course not . Get out of my country . Come on up , sweetheart . ( Hawke ) Well , just what do you mean , Santini is down ? One of our listening posts in southern Florida picked up a distress call yesterday at 1900 hours . He heard the words " Santini Air " and called it in . To the Coast Guard ? No , to me . Does that mean no search pattern has been started ? He was , uh , over land when he radioed in . We have a rough position . You know , anything can go wrong in a forced landing . Why the hell haven 't you called out the troops ? Because his course triangulates back to Cuba . He filed no flight plan and reported his altitude as 100 feet . If the authorities get to him first , the first thing they 'll do to him is hand him his Miranda . " You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be held against you . " What the hell is Santini doing in Cuba ? Why don 't you ask him ? I will . He 's a man who knows the location of Airwolf , and when he starts junketing off to the land of rum and fine cigars , I get a little concerned about him . I 'm goin ' after him . I 'll tell him how you care . Do that . There is another serious factor which might shorten your time . Who created this serious factor ? Only God can create a hurricane . [ thunder clapping ] [ electronic buzzing ] Get it said , Michael . I 'm a busy man . What 's your position , Hawke ? Where are you sitting it out ? ( Hawke ) At 500 feet . Are you out of your mind ? ( Hawke ) Well , Airwolf 's holding up fine , but I think there 's better designs for chasing hurricanes . ( Michael ) Set down immediately . That 's an order , do you hear ? ( Hawke ) You gotta be kiddin ' . All right , it 's not an order , it 's a request . Make it a plea for sanity . ( Hawke ) No to all three . ( Michael ) Hawke , the storm will be over in a couple of hours . Don 't let that angel title go to your head . ( Hawke ) Only God can make the weather . [ sighing ] [ whooshing ] [ dog barking ] ( Dominic ) Larry , let me have another . Hey , String , how 'd you find me ? Dom , you all right ? You 're not hurt ? Oh , I 'm fine. I 'm fine . I was just too down to want to see anybody , but you 're the exception . Sit down . Sit down . Hey , give him a drink , will you ? Aren 't you gonna drink those ? Well , no . You know I don 't like the taste of booze . [ chuckling ] Well , then why 'd you order them ? 'Cause in the movies when the , uh- - When the world crashes in , the hero goes down to the bar and orders drinks . I respect tradition . Does it work ? Not yet . Give him another drink . Have another drink ? Oh , sure , I don 't like the stuff , either . How was the weather in Cuba ? But how- - How did you know ? Oh ! Archangel . Yeah , one of his listening posts picked up your mayday . String , in the last 24 hours , I 've been shot at , ripped off , forced down , and stuck in the middle of a hurricane . Uh , let me have another drink , will you ? Him , too . See , back in 1960 , I was a member of a unit that was sent down to Central America to train Cuban nationals for the invasion . Oh , yeah , that set up for the Bay of Pigs . You told me about that once . Yeah . String , those Cuban people were the greatest . I mean , they weren 't mercenaries or killers . These were the best teachers , doctors , lawyers , even priests . They were patriots . A bunch of anti-Castro patriots got together , raised enough money to buy a couple of old-timers from a corrupt colonel . You know that some of them have been down there for over 20 years ? String , I knew those men , and I almost had them out . Almost is not good enough , Mr. Santini . You must tell me where the money is . I told you . We were ripped off . Don 't you understand ? We were robbed . So that Col. Fernandez wouldn 't turn the men loose . I don 't believe it . You stole it . $ 2 million can take someone a long way . Then why did I come back at all ? This money is the very soul of this community . Widows and children sent nickels and dimes to free those people . This house has more mortgages then roof tiles . Dominic didn 't steal your money . One lies for the other . I suggest we lower our voices . Uh , volume is not going to bring any truth into this . [ sighing ] Dom , why don 't you take a walk ? Let me try and talk to these people . Yeah , I 'd better before I knock somebody on her $ 2 million fanny . In the old days , we didn 't argue amongst ourselves . Come on . Why 'd you choose Dom in the first place ? These are the men he was after . Father Gomez , who spoke against Castro on the steps of the cathedral in Havana . Ramon Collarzo , publisher , writer , and my father . Dominic trained these men . When he called them friends , he meant it . We chose Mr. Santini because he could recognize them , regardless of their physical condition . If Mr. Santini stole the money , he has condemned my son to die in Cuba . Look , that collection was no secret . The money was headed for Cuba . All a thief would have to know is when and where . lmpossible . Our people would never do it . Your people are so pure there 's none you worry about ? Not even the Marielitos ? They are not our people . They 're Cubans . You have no idea what you 're talking about . The Marielitos are too busy fighting among themselves to plan or organize . Sanchez is organized . What are you saying , Grandfather ? Something I should have told you , but didn 't . Come here . You must know the truth . We needed $ 2 million to save these people . And we raised it . We raised $ 1 million . $ 1 million I borrowed from Sanchez . What ? How could you do this ? Do you know what you 've made us ? My granddaughter burns with a bright flame . There 's a generation of Cubans who have never known Cuba , Mr. Hawke . For them , it is the old country . But now , with our heroes back from Castro 's jails , our cause could grow young again , and flourish . We could easily raise and pay back $ 1 million . This was my plan . You know , politics is a hard game . A game for old men ... not bright flames . He has no idea what he 's done . I think he does . I have a great deal of respect for the man . But to deal with Sanchez , a ruthless killer , drug smuggler , God knows what else . There isn 't a man that works for him that doesn 't have marks . Marks ? Tattoos. inside the lip , near the thumb . It 's a code from the Cuban prisons . Three dots is a robber , four is a killer . And what is one dot ? A political prisoner . I put it there in sympathy . It 's what my father wears . [ sighing ] Where would one find this Sanchez ? He has a camp on an island in the Keys . He has his own private army , arms , and training . Things that we would love to have , but can 't afford . Helicopters ? Yes , probably . But why would Sanchez rob Mr. Santini ? Half the money was his . Half wasn 't . You 'll do anything to save your friend , won 't you ? I 'm still not sure Santini didn 't make up this whole story . If you knew him like I do , you 'd believe him . It gets harder and harder to believe in anything , except someday , my father will be set free . You just have to keep trying . The only thing I can offer is that I understand . I really do . [ sighing ] Stella told me the approximate location of the camp , but I still think some pointed questions are in order . You would go there unarmed ? Well , not exactly . And not alone , either . I need Mr. Santini . No . Stella , please . Mr. Santini has been involved in my life for almost as long as you . I 'm not convinced he 's a thief . ( Hawke ) Do you see anything yet ? Oh , yeah . Mansions , swimming pools , Jacuzzis . No unpopulated islands yet . ( Hawke ) I 'm gonna cover the east quadrant . Then I 'll swing around for a north-south scan . I 'll sure miss the view of expensive real estate . There 's one ahead of us . You see anything yet ? Sand and coral . No , hold it , String . [ electronic whooshing ] ( Dominic ) We have a couple of blips . ( Hawke ) You sure it 's not a heated pool ? I 'm sure because the lifeguard is carrying a .50 caliber on his dune buggy . Let 's go take a look . [ speaking in Spanish ] I am showing you the newest of hand-launched , heat-seeking missiles , and you want to know can it blow a bank vault ? Estupido . [ speaking in Spanish ] [ helicopter whirring ] [ men speaking in Spanish ] [ Hawke speaking Spanish ] [ men chattering ] That 's U.S. equipment they 're playing with . Is that supposed to make me feel better ? [ missiles firing ] [ shouting in Spanish ] [ men shouting ] [ speaking in Spanish ] Didn 't I say I came to talk ? What do you want ? Ivan Rivera and I would like some answers . From the looks of your equipment , I can see where $ 2 million would go . That 's not how I paid for these weapons . It is , till you prove different . Can I call that jeep here ? Yeah , just tell him to keep it in low gear . [ speaking in Spanish ] If you don 't know how to use one , I 'll be glad to show you . [ sighing ] [ beeping ] Archangel . Hawke ? What are you doing on this channel ? We spend months establishing Camp Freedom , and you and Airwolf waste it in 10 minutes . [ Hawke chuckling ] Camp Freedom . You really are amazing , Michael . You give a bunch of criminals sophisticated weaponry and you call it Camp Freedom ? Hawke , you 've got to tune into the bigger picture . These men were being trained to combat communist insurgents in Central American trouble spots . Well , I guess I 'm just not sophisticated enough to judge the morality of using a bunch of pirates to fight Uncle Sam 's battles . I 'm sure the newspapers will give you a better shake . You 're not serious ? And the White House doesn 't know anything about this , I 'll bet . They shouldn 't hold a grudge against the Firm for more than a couple of budget years . You 're talking about blackmail . Not until I ask for something . What are you asking for ? $ 3 million , cash . [ scoffing ] You 're insane . Anybody got the number of The Washington Post ? [ sighing ] Okay , you got it . It is still blackmail . But Marella , you 're just not seeing the bigger picture . [ laughing ] Red Star ? Red Star , this is Venus . Come in . Red Star ? This is Venus . Come in , please . Red Star , this is Venus . Come in . They 're not answering . Try it again . Red Star , this is Venus . Come in . ( Fernandez ) This is Red Star . Go ahead . Arrangements have been completed on this end . We are waiting for your instructions . We will be expecting shipment at 1 200 hours . Message confirmed . This is your last chance . Confirmed . Out . [ sighing ] [ laughing ] What 's that for ? For making it possible to bring my father home . He 's not home , yet . I 'll get Dom and we 'll make the transfer . You won 't be making the delivery . That 's a joke , right ? It is no joke . We want to make sure that nothing goes wrong this time . Meaning Dominic ? You can 't do that . You have no right to take the moment from him . We have every right . We want this to be an all-Cuban operation . This has nothing to do with you . Yes , it does . We can 't take the chance . What are you gonna trade for your father , an iou ? You 'd withhold the money ? No , I simply trade for trust . My apologies , Mr. Hawke , but the committee 's decision is final . We hired a pilot . Now , if you will just deliver the money . I don 't think so . You are forcing our hand . To do what ? Shoot me ? If that 's the case , you 'd better add three dots to your lower lip and go to work for Sanchez . If I 've got to gamble on people , I 'd just as soon it was you . You 're not killing anybody . You win , Mr. Hawke . No , you win , Mr. Rivera . Would you at least take one of us along to satisfy our people ? [ exhaling ] [ men chattering ] [ choking ] [ exclaiming ] Best bottle of wine in the house . You 'd think with $ 3 million on the seat between us , a vintage Bordeaux would be more appropriate . With $ 3 million on the seat between us , not advertising it would be appropriate . Well , they don 't look too dangerous to me . Only to some species of marine life . I suppose it would be pointless of me to ask to what end this exorbitant outlay of cash is intended . That 's right . Pointless . I figured . All set , String . Ah ! All we need now is the money . Here , let me help you . This is one kind of baggage I enjoy handling . Stringfellow , who are these people ? Why are they being so generous ? Good question . They , uh , represent a firm that makes covers to keep things under wraps . You 're enjoying this , aren 't you ? Uh , we 'll be back in about three hours . I think you 'll enjoy what your money brings back . [ chuckling ] You ready ? Come on . Listen , you take it easy . Hey . No kick the tires , lighting fires stuff . Milk run . Okay . He 's on his way back across the straits to Cuba , isn 't he ? You know , I think the next bottle of wine we buy better be a cheap one . I 'm broke . [ sighing ] ( Dominic ) We 're on our way back . You still think I 'm a thief ? We 've got about 100 miles to go , and I 'm watching the compass all the way . How much longer ? Michael , they just took off . Give them a little time . It 's been 30 minutes . You could 've been to Havana and back in Airwolf . Santini 's not flying Airwolf , is he ? Of course not , Michael . Thanks . Listen , will you excuse me just a moment ? [ dog barking ] [ car engine starting ] [ tires screeching ] Should we try and find him ? No . If he wants to play this without our help , we 'll just let him . [ exhaling ] Why don 't you say something ? What 's the matter with you ? There is nothing the matter with them . They are loyal to me , and I do the talking . I hope we 'll be able to talk as one military man to another . We do work for the same firm , after all . I work for myself . And you built that combat helicopter all by yourself out of , uh , old tractor parts ? I would like such a tractor myself . Sorry , I 'm fresh out . Then will you lend me the one you drive ? Just for a few years ? Long enough for you to overthrow the small country of your choice , huh ? We think alike . No chance . Your friend and , uh , the Rivera girl will soon be entering Cuban air space . I could let my colleague in Cuba go through with his original plan , and you will never see them again . Or , they can come home with the prisoners . What hold have you got over that Cuban colonel ? He needs me . What he is doing is against Cuban law . He needs my support , my helicopters . [ scoffing ] And to think at one time he was my jailer . Now we both work on the same side , as you and I will . I 'm afraid not . Then your friend will spend 20 years in a Cuban prison , and I assure you , it will be hell on earth . ( Dominic ) We 'll be in Cuba in 10 minutes . I hope you 're convinced now that I didn 't steal your $ 2 million . I guess so . Did you really know my father ? I did , and a braver man I never knew . I have met some daughters just as brave , though . [ man on radio speaking Spanish ] [ speaking in Spanish ] [ speaking in Spanish ] [ speaking in Spanish ] Now open the hatch if you please , Mr. Hawke . We are waiting , Mr. Hawke . The cabin 's pressurized . You have to back up a little . [ men shouting in Spanish ] Yeah , yeah , okay , Colonel , we 've been through this before . Now show us the men . [ speaking in Spanish ] [ speaking in Spanish ] So good to see you again , senor Santini . Likewise , I 'm sure . There . Go ahead , count it . I see you have brought a beautiful senorita with you this time . I 'm sorry I cannot do the same . All I have are ... [ speaking in Spanish ] You 're a slimy , lying piece of garbage ! [ laughing ] [ exclaiming ] [ men shouting ] [ shouting in Spanish ] Let 's go home . [ speaking in Spanish ] Ataque . ( Hawke ) Come on , move that donkey cart . Going to be a long 90 miles . You just cool your tail rotor there , hotshot . Besides , without me and that ship to keep you out of trouble , it 's you I 'm worried about . ( Dominic ) I take it back , String . It 's me I 'm worried about . [ speaking in Spanish ] ( Hawke ) He popped a Sidewinder . Radar guidance or infrared ? I don 't know . I can 't see it from here . [ explosion ] [ speaking in Spanish ] ( Dominic ) String , get this thing off my tail , will you ? ( Hawke ) Hang on , Dom . I 'll be your decoy . [ laughing ] Not bad , String . You wrote your own flight manual , there . [ laughing ] Ladies and gentlemen , the captain has put on the " no smoking " sign . Please fasten your seat belts as we prepare for our landing in los Estados Unidos , in Norteamerica . [ laughing ] [ speaking in Spanish ] No , not at all , Mr. Rivera . We at the Firm have always considered your organization to be a vital link in our Latin American effort . Then why did you arm Sanchez and not us ? [ stuttering ] Of course , now that our heroes are home , things have changed . Absolutely , and we would like to work with you a lot more closely . Perhaps . Let us examine your proposal . [ laughing ] Say , String , did I ever thank you for bucking that hurricane to find me ? Nope . Did I ever thank you for bailing me out with the Riveras , not to mention the MiG ? No . Well , hell , then I owe you about three more drinks . Larry , three more rounds . Attaboy . Well , these beers are going to end up costing us $ 30 each . Easy come , easy go . [ laughing ] [ inaudible ] [ inaudible ] [ inaudible ]
