 Subtitles downloaded from Podnapisi.NET 1990 : The Bronx Warriors What 'da mean she left on her own ? Where could she have gone ? Where the hell are her security guards ? If you have any news , call me immediately . The head mistress of the school said she didn 't sleep in her bed last night . Damn it ! This is all we need it ! Whatever is in her head , she sure timed it perfectly . Our hands are tied till we get her back here ! Contact Hammer for me ! Hammer ? Isn 't he a bit risky ? We got know choice . 1990 The Bronx is officially declared " No Man 's Land " The authoritie give up all attempts to retsore order . From then on the area is ruled by riders . Riders ! The Riders ! Where do you come from ? Manhattan ... Want me to take you back there ? No You know this is the Bronx ... I came here purposely . Anywhere away from them ... But nothin ' is worse than this hell hole ... That 's what you think ... We 're running a hell of a risk I hope you no that Fisher . I no it 's risky but ... let the operation continue Alright but nobodys to no about this ... understand I got it ... When you got some good news Call me I 'll be waiting ... Yes Sir Where 's the Ogre ? How you doin ' Trash ? I said where 's the Ogre ? He 's mighty pissed His generosity right on just the same .. ... giving Chris 's body back to ya . Brotherly love only the hearts missing He ate it Hi Trash long time no see Leech is a blood freak ... If it was up to him He would turn the Bronx into a cemetery Why 'd you do it Ogre ? We had a deal . You and the Riders had to stay in your own territory . Remember ? No trespassing Besides the sucker was caring a gizmo I did you a favor Trash ! Bullshit ! Oh Yeah ! What the hell do call this ? The wave length is the same as the Manhattan Police Think I 'm Jivin ' ? If I were you Trash I 'd be worried If I found one of my own men carrying a gizmo Now they no exactly where we 're based We 're in for a few surprises ! I 'd be on the look out ... Trash So glad you and the Ogre understand each other so well Be seeing you around Trash ... Leech ! Ice you no anything about this ? That son of a bitch almost fucked it up for all of us ! You think he was a spy ? Who knows ? Could of been It 's gone we lost the tracing signal . Tell Farley there 's no sign of the girl And we lost contact with are informer Fisher should be here in a half hour If anything gives get in touch with me on the reserved code This whole operation is hush hush Not a word understand ! If it were up to me I 'd clean the whole borough with napalm sizzle them out of excistence ! Just thank your lucky stars We don 't have to go down there I 'm just fine as long as we keep flying above those creeps ! Jesus , look at em ' scum of the earth The lousy cockroaches think they own the whole fuckin ' borough ! Look at em ' ! Enough to make you vomit ! What I think I think it was a set up ... Right ! This gizmo and your still thinking about . Come on turn your attention to something more important Trash ... Like the Ogre See the way he and the Tigers came strutting in like they were hot shit ! You seen it Rat ! Those fuckers need straighten ' ! We gotta put em ' in there place once and for all ! The way I see it Ogre did us a favor by tellin ' us Chris was a spy A favor ! He did us a favor ? Maybe we should send him a thank you note ! Blade do something you haven 't done in a long while like think ! Would you mind asking Blade here to put his gray matter in motion ? What 's this spy shit ! And who was he a spy for ? Tigers ? No Way ! It wasn 't his style He stood to gain nothin But the Ogre and Hotdog you no what ... The fact is I wouldn 't at all be surprised if it was them who sold him the fuckin ' gizmo in the first place I think it 's time we got even ! What do you think Trash ? Maybe ? I was the one he was spying ' on Yeah who knows ? Shit ... Since he 's hooked up with that Manhattan pussy All his blood has rushed to his cock ! How did she end up in the Bronx ? She apparently went their on her own initiative . Her own initiative ? Yeah That 's insane The wealthest and affluent girl in the world Runs away and hides in the Bronx That 's shear insanity ! Samuel Fisher ID Code Level 1 : Top priority authorize comunication : Please Begin Farley it 's Sam I 'm in Manhattan I 'm sure Fred has informed you already that we lost contact ... Yes Do you think Hammer will acomplish the mission just the same ? Affirmitive Ann must be brought back at any cost ! Calling Patrol Van 8 We receive , approaching the 12th District no action 10-4 What 's botherin ' you ? Nothing Got somebody back there ? No ... It 's not what you think Maybe you don 't like it here ? No I 'm happy with you here I 'd like to believe you ... It 's true This is the first time I really feel I belong to someone That I 'm truly part of something that 's all mine I feel safe with you Trash Don 't you ever let them take me away from you Who ? Nobody Nobody ! Just hold me tight ! You see what I see ? It stinks like the fuzz ! The cops in the Bronx ! down right heroic What ya say man ? Come on and play ? There 's four punks down at the end of the street Don 't forget the Lieutenant said try to avoid contact . Yeah , but he didn 't say we couldn 't defend ourselves . They gotta be crazy in the head ! Silly ass fuckers ... I wonder what they 're after ? Check it out ! Whatever you say man ! Go on step on it ... Make em ' shit in there pants ! Man , They should get a metal ... Shall we ? Will be there welcoming commity Were 'd they go ? I don 't see them anywhere now . Ran .. I don 't no Tough looking bunch of guys SHIT Hey mail man ! You got a letter for my friend here ? He 's expecting a love letter ! Oh It 's been so long ... THIS SHIT HEAP IS RIDERS HOME Hey ! One more step and your dead Try and leave us and your dead Just stay where you are and your dead Wait here Outside ! Outside fast ! Fuckin ' Bastard ! Drop That Fucker ! Hey where 's that fuckin ' love letter ... uhh ha ha uh ya You Little Honky ! Those things make to much noise ! This is a respectful neighborhood ! There he is ! Where you goin ' Hotdog ? You mother fucker ! I love you like brother I outta unscrew that leg of yours ... and shove it down your throat Calm down Let 's hear it Hotdog ... What are you in such a hurry for ? I have an appointment with the President of the United States ... Very Funny ! Was trying to cover up for the guy that shot at us He don 't trust no one Ice ! Mind I take a little look around in there ? Help yourself Take a look around you guys ... Right You never met your Mother did ya ? Just kinda popped you into the sewer and split ! And let you blossom into the asshole you are today . Just keep talkin ' fag face ... and I 'll tear your fuckin ' lid off ! Yeah Find what you looking for pisshead ? Satisfied ? You sell that gizmo to Chris ? I haven 't sold nothin ' to nobody . I don 't even no what the hell a gizmo is ! And you dirtballs ... You come chasing me all over town asking me some stupid question about a gizmo ? You guys are gettin ' on my nerves ! Be careful or I 'll knock your block off ! Well ? Nothin ' and nobody .. Blade not a trace You stay here ! Let 's go Did you get them ? No Bastard got away There to clever Clever what ya mean ? You now what I mean I found this at the top of the stairs if it means anything ? Impossible ! First let 's honor our dead Maybe they 'd still be alive ... If I hadn 't come here in the first place . Stop blaming ' yourself ... The Bronx is No Mans Land Where the worst things happen by themself Hello ? Yes ? Pass it on the intercom ... Hammer on the phone Yes ? Fisher ? Now listen to me you Bastard ! We didn 't invest a million dollars in you ... Just to give you the pleasure of wearing a uniform . I have to do it my way ... That 's why I take such great pleasure in my work . However if your not satisfied ... you could always have me terminated . That 's right terminated Your record is really bad . Enough of this loosing time ! I can 't send out ever cop to look for your bag you don 't even no what bar you left it in Do you no how many bags are lost or ripped off in this city everyday ? Damn Fool ! I still say we 'd be better off sending in a special squad . We don 't want any negative publicity . Let it be Hammer he 's the only guy who can handle it . He was born in the Bronx ... he is one of them . That 's the point ... He has his own axe to grind . And he 's a killer at heart ! No ... He 's just an asshole who thinks he 's God . I hope you 're right . My only concern is that he brings the girl back safe and sound . This ring was found very close to Sandy and Speedy 's bodies . Tigers I knew it ! I knew it goddamn it ! First Chris then Sandy and Speedy Those pricks are rubbing ' us out one by one ! What the fuck is this waiting let 's go to war ! He 's right let 's go to war ! WAR WAR WAR ! Kill those motherfuckers ! The Tigers want war that 's what they 'll get ! Yeah ! Yeah ! I 'll take those bastards ! we 'll kill the motherfuckers and we cut there ass ! Kill those sons a bitches ! Kill those motherfuckers ! War ! War ! You found the ring ! Then what the fuck are we waitin ' for ? I don 't know ? Did you hear what I heard ? That guys off his rocker ... Trash what you sayin ' ? You don 't no Trash ? what do you mean you don 't know ? I 'm not convinced . You got the proof in your hand ! What about the guy killer that took out Speedy and Sandy he fled through the tunnel Ice ! That means he knows the Bronx and very well . I agree with Trash it could just as easly be a trick . Bullshit ! Bullshit ! They 're trying to rub us out one by one ! And we sit here shooting the breeze ... Yes let 's wipe em ' out ! Kill the bastards ! This here 's our territory ! You gotta fight to live ! Kill the sons a bitches ! I say attack ! Look you fuck ! It could be a pile off shit .. Outta somebodies asshole ! Your talking about the Gizmo right ? The tracker ? Let me tell you that 's Ogre 's way of trying to kill us . Look will you please listen it was Ann ! Where is she ? She said she wanted to think . Hotdog ... How you doin ' Hotdog ? Uh great ! great ! The stupid motorcyle pricks are trying to cut me open that 's all ! What 's a matter with you ? You worried about something ? Hey look ... I owed you a favor . I just wanna no what your gettin ' me into ? This girl ... She 's very important ... very important . She 's gonna be the future President of the Manhattan Corporation . She 's somewhere in the Bronx but I don 't nowhere ? I gotta find her and get her across the river . That 's where you come in . How much you gonna pay me ? Don 't talk to me that way ... Don 't talk to me that way ever One more thing ... What 's that ? Arrange a meeting between me and Ice . Between you and Ice ? Yeah Ice Uh ? You know Ice is ambitious he wants to be head of the Riders Gang . Exactly Your playing with fire ... I no And I love it ! I love it ! Ann you wanted to leave me ? Yes . Why ? Why Ann ? Because now I 'm sure . I 'm the cause of all these killings . And if I stay there will be a lot more . Nonsense . We were born dead ... Life means nothin We live with death every single day Death walks with us .. Death rides and sleeps with us We carry it 's smell under our skins So don 't go blaming yourself What 's the real reason you wanna leave ? There are millions and millions of reasons You see Trash soon I 'll be 18 And of age to inherit the Manhattan Corporation Which controls over 60 % of the worlds arms production . Which means ... I 'd be a mere puppit on a string Manipulated by greedy power crazed hands There unscrupulis Trash ! And I don 't want any part of it ! And without me they are powerless ! So now you understand why they 'll act at any cost . Use any means to get there filthy hands on me No Trash ! These killings were not a coincidence If this was true you 'd be runnin ' right back into the arms I know ... But I prefer this Too seeing you killed ! Stay Ann ... It least ... Dying for you ... Would give my life a meaning ... Trash ! Trash ! We gotta burn them out before they get a chance to burn us out You gotta be kiddin you got your gray matter in your butt Ogre picks up the telephone and calls his pals it 's our ass It 's Trash Did you see Ann ? The Zombies caught her That 's war ... I trust Trash that this has finally made you see things clear You got one option war against the Tigers I ain 't talking options my plan is to visit the Ogre Talk to the Ogre ? Are you outta your fuckin ' mind man ? Shut your mouth and listen asshole ! I think those Manhattan bigshots are trying to trap us because of Ann , we can never take them on alone we need allies ! and that means every Rider in the Bronx ! And only the Ogre could deliver them ! How the hell you gonna get to the Ogre alone ? You realize that 's No Mans Land ? You gotta get through the territories of the Jackels the Scavengers the Sharks ... Blade 's right Trash you 'd never make it alone .. Then I 'll have to bring some men with me You Hole and Hawk .. Hey can I go ? You better keep your eye on that one So you are Trash 's lay ? You shouldn 't of done this ! He 'll kill you ! Let 's have some fun ... Go on Hold It ! Your trespassing Trash I said your trespassing Trash ! You don 't say Did you come looking for trouble ? Gotta get to the other side of the Bronx Fast ! What 's the rush ? Planning on going to a meeting ? Or something ? Yeah Right ! Between me and the Ogre Your lucky Trash ... You see ... I gotta soft spot in my heart for you And they say you got a iron heart Beat it ! Before I change my mind ... Ok Baby , I owe you one Hey looky , looky Hotdog 's down the street in his truck flicking ' the lights on and off . Hot diggity dog ! I wonder what the bastards up too ? Hey , where you going ? I got me a little score to settle with that son of a bitch And this time Trash won 't be around to help him . Welcome General .. Let me introduce myself I 'm the one they call Hammer This is Scavenger territory so be on guard I don 't like this strange silence Maybe it 's a trap Trash ! Trash ! Let 's go I don 't no how to break this to you Hammer , but the bird has flown the coop . Your to late ! The bird has flown the coop Meaning ? That little red riding hood was caught by the big bad seven dwarves . Where is she ? The Zombies got her . You bullshittin ' me ? Hey man ... Don 't you no it 's against the law to bullshit a cop . What about Trash ? That son of bitch went to the Ogre to beg for help . Trash and the Ogre ? I 'll tell you what will do . Deliver the girl to me by tonight ! And I 'll clean up your Trash for ya ! You better take this you might need it , now that your switching ' sides . Anyway it goes good with the uniform General . Two birds with one stone ... Ogre and Trash ! That would leave me with a nice slice of the Bronx You no what I need ? I need something that belongs to Trash . Something that 's his . I think I got just the thing for you . What you say ? Will this do ? Perfect ! Three 's a crowd four means trouble ... enough of this peace talk .. we got a visitor I 'll take care of him ! Trash and the Ogre together ... Let 's Go Trash ! Hotdog ... I spotted them Contact ya later ... Where in Tiger territory ... Ah shit myself How we gonna break in there ? I got an idea . Yeah ? How you doing there ? Just fine ! Looks like your having fun I am . Come on in . No , I just like to watch Food supplies : Los Seneca Heights Gasoline : Melrose Electrical Supplies : Sunset Heights Hippo ! Snake ! Prepare the supplies for delivery . These goods are for the people of the Bronx ! Kindley bestowed on them by their generous King ! There on the west side ... Leech take care of it ! Let 's pick the music up ... More lively Trash ? What the hell you doing here ? Take me to the Ogre ? Ha Ha AhHa ! I could send you to hell ! I said take me to the Ogre ! Sound the alarm ! Trash ! Sorry I can 't hang around when the Ogre blames you for killin ' one of his men You bastard ! You work for the Manhattan Corporation I work for nobody ... I don 't care about the Manhattan Corporation ! I don 't care about the girl ! I don 't care about politics ! I don 't care about anything ! I believe in nothin ' ! I 'm Hammer ... Exterminator ! Your the biggest son of a bitch in the world ! You afraid somebody might remeber you were born in the Bronx ? No your wrong ... I wanna make sure that nobody ever forgets . Just stay where you are . You bastards ! You let him get away ! Hi Trash ... You no the Ogre doesn 't like any unexpected visitors . Come on ! Move ! Hotdog ? Hotdog ? Hotdog ? Yeah this is Hotdog ... This is Hammer ... I should make it back there in 15mins . 15 minutes and I 'm outta here Hammer ... I need some money Don 't make me repeat myself You do what I tell you ... You stay there and wait for me ! You here me ! I don 't like to repeat myself ... Stay there and wait ... Punks ! Nobody can take Hammer from the Bronx ! You come sneaking into my kingdom like a thief ... You kill one of my best men ... You say you didn 't do it ! You hear that Witch ? Trash tells lies Somebody else was pointing a gun at Trash , really ! Really ? Who ? That scum Hammer ! You brought Hammer into my territory ? He works for the Manhattan Corporation His job is to get my girl and bring her back to them . Yeah , I heard there was a rich broad hangin ' out in the Bronx ... But I never imagined she 'd be stayin ' with the likes of you , Trash ! Very funny ! Look , Hammers turning us against each other ... Yeah That 's his style all right Just so he could get off his sadistic rocks ... Could explain why the Zombies kidnapped my girl . What you say , Golem ? I say your toys in the attic ! Alright ! There may be toys in the attic And that girl may have been yours when you first got her , but now she 's Trash 's girl ! And if he finds out you got her here he 's gonna kill ya ! You don 't no Trash , He 's Crazy ! But if we get together on this we could come out smelling ' like a rose ! Let me think about it . For christ sakes man we don 't have time to think ! Tough shit ... If you want an answer you must wait ! Your the King of the Bronx ... but if you don 't want Hammer to screw ya ... You gotta give me a hand ! Oh yeah ? The moment I move it 's war ! Shit 's gonna hit the fan ... Maybe not We can free the girl and screw up Hammer 's scheme Go On ... Me and you can take on the Zombies and a ... . And if we win have less trouble after Now I no why you really came . To get your chick back . Okay ! I 'm with you I owe Hammer one anyway I 'm coming with you , good . You can cover .. My back just in case he 's lying . I want out . You don 't have any out . What are you worried about ? Pretty soon they 'll be rippin ' each other apart ! Come On .. Drop me off .. I want ya to watch Ice Let 's go ! Alrighht Be careful Trash What happened ? It was the ... Scavengers ... I was coming to warn you that Ice ... you no ... Ice was paid off and double crossed you ... He was paid off by Hammer Hotdog too ! Save your breath I 'm in pain Trash Ah Trash ... I can 't take it ... Trash ? Thanks ... Don 't thank me now I have a feelin ' that before this is over We 're gonna owe each other a whole shitload of favors . Been using your whip again ? Just like you taught me . Let 's go ... I don 't trust Hammer that much either , but he 's the only chance we got . All we gotta do is take him that girl over there ... make a deal with him and we got it made ! Trash is out of the way . Ogre 's out of the way . It 's all ours ... got that ? Okay Man ... It 's a deal Hammer if you don 't get the girl by 11 : 00 tomorrow ... I 'll have your head Hammer here ? I saw the girl Ice is making a deal Should be back here in a half an hour ... right She 'll be here in a half hour . I don 't want anybody to see her . Nobody 's to know anything about it . Shh ... we 'll fly her in , in a helicopter ... Shh Witch you go that way ... Trash that way ... Lay into each other , man That 's it ! Well if it isn 't the great Ogre This really is a surprise Foiled at the last minute ... how could you think you 'd get away with it ? Well Ogre ? What makes you leave your Kingdom ... ... to honor us with a visit ? I was merely making a tour To see if my subjects were still loyal to there King By way of the sewers ? There should be no doubt man , about my loyalty . I 'm not so sure ? Who 's that ? Why is she chained up like that ? Respect for the King ... Doesn 't mean I have to tell you my business You hear that men ? You hear that men ? The great Ogre doesn 't trust us . Look ... Your surrounded by your loyal subjects That 's true Golem . but they are there and you are here ... in front of me Is the Genereal leaving the field of battle just before the fun starts ? Trash ain 't gonna like that . Are you threatin ' me peg leg ? Yep I 'm threat to you ! Cause you messed everything up ... I won 't get any money or nothin For once your right . Ice ! Trash check it out ! I 'll take care of this . Are you through ? Nope ... Ice ! Ice ! I no your here ! Come out ! Hey , You got it all wrong I 'm ashamed of you , Man Are you really gonna listen to what this twat has to say ? Wait a minute ! What does she know with her fancy dresses and her cocktail parties , this rich bitch from Manhattan . We are like brothers ... we come from the gutter ... the real gutter You talk to much Ice . I bet she told you I made a deal with Golem ... and a deal with Hammer and all that crap ! But what you don 't no is ... I did it for you ! You wanna be a leader ... be realistic it 's the only way there 's no realism left in this fuckin ' world . But what do I know ? What do you Know ? We 're just a couple of do gooders in a world that doesn 't know nothin ' ! So ... Your the rich chick who 's gonna inherit the Manhattan Corporation ? Why ? Is it a sin ? A sin ? Ha ha ha ... Hardly ... Baby I think it 's fantastic Attention all units ... attention all units commence operation ... this is command post Zebra ... do you read me ? Over command post Zebra ... Bumblebee commencing phase one , commencing phase one There 's still no sign of a fire fight Hush Hush calling Hammer , answer please Tell them on on my way Hammer ... I don 't want any evidence or witnesses left behind . Ashes ... Just ashes ... Just think You 've become a member of the boards worlds largest corporation . You ! the baddest dumbest and poorest mother in the Bronx Start next phase Look whatever you got in mind ... forget it Really ... That 's to bad ... cause I prepared a surprise for you Trash . Wonderful ! Actually the surprise is for you Ann . Happy Birthday to you ... Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday to you ... Happy Birthday Dear Ann ... Happy Birthday to you Let the enemy have no survivors this day Horsemen ! Horsemen ! Spread out take cover ! Charge ! That Bastard Hammer ! Everyone take shelter ... Snake take out the guns and pass out the weapons ! Close the gate ! Hahaha ... . No ! Remember breath in the Bronx live with death ... Men ... No survivors ! Hammer ! Hammer is god ! Hammer ! Uh Obrada-Goran Begeni \ ' 9ai \ uc0 \ u263 2011
