 Mt . Mihara , Izu Oshima - Are you OK ? Err on the side of safety ! - Dr. Kawazu ! That was an intensity of about 4 . Lower the rope . - Hurry and let me down . - Lower the rope ! All 's normal at the measurement site . 10-4 . Horizontal angle : 74 degrees , 11 minutes , 35 seconds . Loud and clear . Last month it was 74 degrees , 6 minutes and 25 seconds , making a difference ... in the horizontal angle of 5 minutes and 10 seconds . Over . 5 minutes and 10 seconds ? That 's significant . Make a quick calculation . 10-4 . The level of the lava has risen by 3.1 meters . Over . 10-4 . 3.1 meters in a single month . DEATHQUAKE It 's been 50 years since Tokyo experienced an earthquake of an intensity of 5 or more . Everyone has forgotten that Japan is an earthquake-prone nation . Japan Meteorological Agency Develop them as soon as you can . Dr. Kawazu , everyone is assembled . What do you make of this ? We placed an angle meter in the deep well in Iwatsuki at a depth of 3,000 meters . It 's given us a handle on changes in the earth 's crust and the angle of the ground . - Is it this morning 's data ? - 4 : 00am . It may not have anything to do with the Tokai region , but it 's slightly unusual . Earthquake Prediction Council Monthly Meeting Anyone have any thoughts ? There haven 't been any significant changes in the last month . - I don 't see anything worth mentioning either . - Nothing . - No remarks . Dr. Kawazu ? I agree about the Tokai region , but I just received data from Dr. Hayashi that bears mentioning . The deep well in Iwatsuki , Saitama prefecture has revealed some noteworthy data . I would like the council to address this issue now . Council Chairman Marumo What do you have to say ? I believe the swelling of the ground level is abnormal . According to checks performed last night at 8 : 00 and 12 : 00 , no changes were observed . This phenomenon was reported this morning at 4 : 00 . What do you think ? Certain changes can be seen , but I don 't think that we can draw any conclusions from a single angle meter in Iwatsuki . The most reliable method of earthquake prediction is the volumetric strainmeter and the seismograph . Observation Department Director I still believe that the situation warrants caution . With regard to what ? An earthquake directly below Tokyo . That 's a reckless statement . How can you connect the change in a single angle meter with an earthquake directly below Tokyo ? We don 't know that they 're not related . You 're a scientist . Act like one . With regard to an earthquake directly under Tokyo , we have no clear knowledge of it . But it 's irresponsible to try to use this data alone as evidence of a Tokyo earthquake . In terms of accumulated energy , it 's difficult to imagine ... a magnitude 8 earthquake for at least the next 10 years in the Kanto Plain . - Difficult , but not impossible . - Look at the data ! Right now , the Tokai region is under the most imminent threat . We 're responsible for predicting the timing . I am certainly not indifferent to the threat to the Tokai region . But the Tokai region isn 't our only responsibility . If all we look at is Tokai , we could easily overlook dangers in other regions . A major earthquake in Tokai would be a disaster for Tokyo , Nagoya , and Yokohama . Nevertheless , these cities haven 't been designated as areas of risk . Tokyo in particular is an incredibly congested city . An earthquake underneath Tokyo would plunge the nation into chaos . This isn 't actually news to us . We should designate Tokyo as a risk area and implement ... thorough preventative measures . We 've heard this speech from you more than once . We need greater spacing between houses and wider roads . We also need reservoirs for firefighting in every ward of the city . Disaster prevention is the responsibility of the government - not academics . Wasn 't this ad-hoc committee created for the purpose of spurring the government to action ? No . The government must make up its own mind on how to respond to our opinions . That 's bald rhetoric . If we don 't pressure them to take action , they won 't have any reason to . Are you accusing this council of doing nothing ? I didn 't say that . But the council has not prompted the government to action . We 're just serving their interests . It 's not that easy to influence the government . It 's our job to try . What if there were a major earthquake in Tokyo ? I wonder if there ever will be an earthquake in Tokyo . There will be . When ? When ! ? Within 30 days . Japan Meteorological Agency , Director General You want me to remove him from the council ? That seems to be the consensus . But his opinions have merit . Nowadays , Japanese people are too rank and file . They 're scared to stand out . We need men who are capable of bold declarations . I certainly see your point , sir , but his views are quite extreme . If his views are leaked out of context , it could put our necks on the line . An earthquake will most certainly come at some point . And yet we still build glass skyscrapers and underground structures . Highways are flooded with cars . Neon and other signage is hung unregulated . Even if we issued an accurate prediction , precautions would be wholly inadequate . Dr. Kawazu is risking everything to get the government to act . These are not extreme views - they 're the truth . We can 't censor him for saying the truth . Dr. Marumo has the discretion of how to handle Dr. Kawazu . How will he decide ? You can 't establish a new generation unless you nurture the young . Look around ! If Japan fails to evolve , the world will leave it behind . Give me the Chief Cabinet Secretary . We just got them developed . This is last month . The lava level has risen more than 3.1 meters , and it 's redder overall . All within a month . How can we convince the council of the risk of this phenomenon ? We need another piece of conclusive evidence . Do you have anything ? I 'm not sure yet . Dr. Kawazu , I 'd like to have a word with you . These people are my staff . They should hear what you have to say . What came over you today ? Predicting an earthquake in 30 days was nonsense . The council re-examined the angle meter data just in case , but we concluded that your comments were out of order . It was a gamble . I don 't actually believe it 's true . A rash comment was needed , and I made it . Have you forgotten that you 're an academic ? We can 't have scholars blurting out inflammatory opinions . You 'll scare the public and cause panic . Panic is exactly what we need ! Balderdash ! Are you out of your mind ? ! Isn 't the government 's half-hearted commitment to disaster prevention in a city this congested ... the result of an absence of a major earthquake here in over 50 years ? The longer Tokyo goes without an earthquake , the more complacent people will become . We have to tell people that an earthquake is coming . That it could be tomorrow . We have to kickstart disaster prevention . - You have to obey council protocol when you speak ! - No one would listen . You have a certain responsibility as a member of the council . If it leaks to the media that you said an earthquake will occur in 30 days , it will mean the end of your career . Retract your statement . I knew what I was saying . I refuse . Have you forgotten why you 're able to run this laboratory ? You married the daughter of Munechika Kawazu . That 's the only reason that academic societies and other professors tolerate your selfish behavior . You could say the same for me . I can 't believe that you would turn your back on the academic community this way . I assume you 're prepared for the consequences . What 're you doin ' there ? Oh , you must be Mr. Shozo Sukegawa . Who wants to know ? My name is Hashizume . I 'm a reporter . You were mentioned in a newspaper article , and I wanted to speak with you . Yer full o ' prunes , mister . Them newspapers print nuthin ' but lies ! Lies , you say ? You can 't even tell the difference between a catfish and a pheasant . It 's an outrage . A catfish can tell when there 's going to be an earthquake . You said that people who raise catfish can predict earthquakes ? You nincompoop ! How the hell are they going to know ? ! - So , can pheasants tell ? - Of course . In my father 's father 's generation , they could tell ... when an earthquake was coming just by the pheasant 's call . This little fella has saved me from a 3 intensity earthquake that caused an avalanche . What about the Shimoda Earthquake in Izu ? He chirped up a storm ! As soon as he started chirping , there was a wild rumbling . - Can pheasants predict earthquakes ? - Of course they can . Those seismologists with their high-falootin ' ideas . They don 't know a doggone thing . The Japan Meteorological Agency should just start raising pheasants . - Is an earthquake coming ? - Oh , yeah . Real soon . The pheasant 's been a-chirpin ' , real strange-like . Strange , you say ? What does it sound like ? I 'll tell ya ... This is going to cost you 3,000 yen . 3,000 yen ... That 's expensive . The price of feed has gone up recently . I reckon you got it . That 's the ticket . I 'll show you . He goes like this ... - You want a beer ? - Please . You 're just courting trouble , taking on Dr. Marumo . It 's the only way . You disagree ? You 're right . It was a relief to get it off my chest . What will happen to the research center ? So long as you all stick by me , I don 't think they 'll close us down . Today was a real wakeup call for me . " Time to take a stand , Yoichi Kawazu . " " Make your move , " and all that . If you don 't take a stand , you become indecisive . What 's wrong ? You should go . I 'm happy that you came , but it just complicates things later . Who is it ? Hashizume . - Hey . - Come in . Really ? I have a request . You can 't ask me not to write this . I have to , if a member of the Earthquake Prediction Council says an earthquake is imminent in Tokyo . And he specified in the next 30 days . I 'm not asking you not to write about it ... I just want to ask you not to say that his comments are impulsive . I want you to record Dr. Kawazu 's true intentions . He 's risking his career . I want you to risk yours . I don 't know whether Yoichi Kawazu is risking his career , but I know I 'm risking mine . The mystical power of an earthquake ... Its senseless destruction . It 's the perfect metaphor for modern life . Scholars and politicians all act like they 're ... caught in a spider 's web and can 't move . He 's going to change all of that . The doctor is desperate . Professors that doubt earthquake prediction are ... forced to make pseudo-prophetical statements . It 's absurd . Nobody understands him . When an earthquake comes , it 'll be too late . Do you love him ? The doctor and I ... It 's not like you think . Then how is it ? Different . Ryuichi , are you home ? I 'm coming in . Where 's your mother ? Did something happen ? She went to the hospital . I saw an ambulance . Grandma fell and hit her head . How ? She 's a pest ! She makes me take medicine , even though I 'm not sick . She tells me it 's cold and tries to put a blanket on me . So when I threw the blanket off , it knocked her over ! Was she injured ? Grandma doesn 't understand me at all ! - What happened ? - It 's nothing . A mild concussion . I 'm afraid it was her own fault . She 's always doing things to push that little boy 's buttons . - He 's a sweet little boy . - She goes too far . You 're smothering Ryuichi , too . You 're always pushing him to study . You 're a fine one to tell me what to do . All wrapped up in your job with no time for your home or your son . I don 't want you to disgrace the name of Munechika Kawazu . I heard all about your tomfoolery . We got a call from Dr. Marumo . He said that you 're dangerously close to being expelled from the council . What did you pull this time ? Mother says that my father made a mistake in making you his successor . Do you agree ? So you think that my actions have been inappropriate ? Recently , you 've lost perspective as a scholar . Earthquakes are not an issue that can be solved entirely by research . I don 't remember you being a politician or a social activist . Why don 't you limit yourself to being a scholar ? I always find myself standing between you and my mother . I can 't always protect you . I understand your mother for blaming me . For her , her family is everything . She was the wife of a distinguished professor . I want to do away with all of that . I can best serve as his successor , by serving my field of research . - Try again . - Car 2 , start . Shimizu , check the other side . I wonder if a car can be invented that doesn 't go up in flames . Ridiculous . Mr. Kawazu , what 's the purpose of a car that doesn 't catch fire on impact ? Who are you ? Hashizume , I 'm a reporter . In the event of an earthquake , the first thing to catch fire will be cars . I thought your job was prediction , not disaster prevention . There isn 't much point predicting an earthquake if you don 't have measures in place to cope with it . I hear an earthquake 's coming in less than 30 days . Ignite it ! Shimizu , ramp it up a notch ! Tachibana , turn to the wall ! Smoke ! Get back ! Water ! - Were you researching escape routes ? - Yes . It looked dangerous . You can 't determine the risk unless you try it . There 's someone watching you . So it seems . In the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923 , much of the old town was utterly destroyed . But Izumi and Sakuma in Kanda were miraculously spared from the fires . The reason is elegant and simple : The residents banded together to fight the fire . All they had was buckets and well water . You might not see the relevance , but it holds the key to disaster prevention . But disaster prevention is the job of the administrative branch of government . It should be left to politicians and bureaucrats . What do you expect to accomplish ? You can scream yourself hoarse , but if no one listens , what 's the point ? No , if I chip away at it long enough , something will come of it . You 're tilting at windmills . Like Don Quixote . Like a long shot gambler . I ain 't nuthin ' but a man . I just want to be honest with myself . So what does that make you ? You 've been on me like a leech , but you don 't write a word . I 'm dedicated to the truth as well . I don 't write anything until I can get the real picture . Haven 't you nailed me down yet ? I know someone will be hurt if I say you 're acting heedlessly . Who are you ? A childhood friend of Tomiko Ashida . She loves you . She 's a gentle flower . But you have a wife and a son . I hear that there 's a nice convalescent home with a hot spring bath in Suwa . For people with tuberculosis . I hear it works wonders . I don 't have that kind of money . Is Kawazu doing well ? Yes . Isn 't his area of study geophysics ? He 's done well for such a young man . He 's taking on the entire world . He 's a man of ambition . Why don 't you ask him ? I 'm sure he could do something . Doesn 't he take care of your apartment for you ? Dad , it 's not like that between him and me . Tomiko , marry him . What are you saying ? ! He 's already married ! If you can 't marry him , get him to support you . - You know what I mean . - Dad ! Stop ! I plan to change the way I live . I 'm going to say goodbye to Dr. Kawazu . Prime Minister Nice shot ! He 's got chutzpah ! I want him running like a wild boar ! I certainly want to live up to your expectations , - and I hope I can count on your support . - Of course . You don 't need to consider every single word the opposition party mutters . - The Prime Minister recently quit smoking . - Excuse me . The Boar Association evidently has members here and there . - Sir . - What do you want ? - We need to talk . - But ... Can 't it wait ? ! Mr. Prime Minister , I have several proposals I would like you to hear . Director General of the National Land Agency Things are all right , aren 't they ? That 's how it 's been , but nobody 's ever peeked beneath the earth 's crust . What would happen if Tokyo were hit by a level 7 earthquake ? Complete destruction . Who are you ? ! Sir , Dr. Yoichi Kawazu is a geophysicist who works under me . He is the successor of Munechika Kawazu . Munechika Kawazu is the scientist who accurately predicted the Great Kanto Earthquake . Chief Cabinet Secretary I see . If an earthquake of similar intensity to the 1923 one were to hit Tokyo now , I believe it would cost more than 3 million lives . This figure represents 1.5 times the number of deaths in WWII . It would raze the subways , the highways , and the bullet trains in the wink of an eye . The highways and subways are both designed to resist earthquakes , and our disaster prevention measures are complete and thorough . - Tokyo is the most vulnerable city in the world . - Who the hell are you ? ! Do you have any reason to believe that a major earthquake could strike Tokyo any time soon ? No , we see no immediate danger . I see immediate danger . Does anyone have any idea about this ? ! - Stop making wild claims ! - Excuse me . Sir . Prime Minister ! Sorry to bother you ! A member of your Cabinet has been implicated in a scandal ! You 're being rude ! Prime Minister ! Prime Minister ! Dr. Marumo is here . She said that she would like to see the Kawazu Research Institute closed for the time being . Once Ryuichi graduates university , he will be fit to succeed Munechika Kawazu . Then , we can reopen the institute . When I see how you 've behaved , I haven 't the strength to go on . I 've done nothing wrong . What about today ? ! You were rude to the Prime Minister himself ! I wasn 't rude . The man had a question he wanted answered , and I answered him . There 's a proper way of handling these things . That 's why we have the council in the first place . You have to observe certain rules . You made me look a fool in front of the Prime Minister . Yuko , don 't you have something you want to say ? ! Yuko wants a divorce . Yuko , you have to say it yourself ! I think it 's for the best that we split up . There 's a wide rift between us . Since you 've defiled the Kawazu name , please go your own way . Yuko ! Don 't be so indirect ! Speak your mind ! Say you want him out of the house ! Good morning . Prime Minister , have you heard that a US Naval Nuclear Submarine ... has reportedly gone missing last week ? Yes , the Foreign Minister informed me last week . Yesterday , the US State Department requested that we tell the Prime Minister that they 'd like to borrow a seismologist . I wonder why . Sir , why torture yourself ? Have a cigarette . Is it so wrong to desire something ? I 've held out for a month . I 'll never smoke again . I think I can manage to see it through . That fellow that you met the other day - the scholar named Kawazu - do you remember him ? Kawazu ... ? Yes , he was a feisty whippersnapper . He 's currently staging something of a coup in the Earthquake Prediction Council . His tactics are quite intriguing . He went as far as to claim that a major earthquake will strike Tokyo within 30 days . 30 days ? It was almost certainly a political comment . Don 't worry , it hasn 't been leaked to the press . Would you like to meet with him ? What for ? He 's unconventional . He 's risked his career by challenging the government . Excuse me . Mister Secretary . - This is bad . - What is it ? Kawazu is to appear on TV today . An earthquake has occurred in the Kanto Plain . The epicenter was at the ocean floor 10km out to sea from Nojimazaki in the Boso Peninsula . The intensity was 3 in Chiba , 2 in Tokyo and Saitama ... The timing is good . It 's like a run up to the big one . When I talked to my producer , he jumped at the story . He says he 'll give you plenty of air time . We have 20 minutes for current affairs . He said you could have it all . You can say anything you want - tell the whole truth ! I think you want to see me destroyed . Isn 't destruction what you 're after ? - What 's wrong ? - What do you mean ? - Sir , is anything wrong ? - I don 't know what you 're talking about . I was told that you wouldn 't be able to make it for the show . - Who told you ? - Dr. Kawazu , please . What ? What are you doing ? ! Who are you ? ! Stop ! ? Damn ! Hurry ! There 's no need to be alarmed . We mean you no harm . You 've taken me by force ! Bastards ! The second basement is the Disaster Countermeasures Headquarters . Just exactly why did you bring me here ? You intended to make some provocative remarks on TV today . I abducted you in the interest of saving your career . I 've been your protector of sorts recently . Have the strange men watching me been your goons ? Don 't you want to meet with the Prime Minister ? About earthquakes ? Sorry to keep you waiting . No Prime Minister has ever wanted to use this room . Is this where you 'll watch Tokyo be destroyed ? I hope not . You have prophesied that a major earthquake will strike Tokyo in less than 30 days . This is the footage I planned to show on the broadcast today . Now do you see why earthquakes are scary ? Because the ground shakes ? With a massive destructive power . No , they 're scary because they can strike at any time , without warning . An inexplicable force of nature ... Aren 't you all conducting research so that you can predict these things ? The government 's been making generous outlays for your work . Accurate prediction of an earthquake would cost 10 billion yen a year for at least 10 years . And even if we could predict it , we couldn 't stop it . That 's why we formulate disaster prevention measures . What would you recommend ? The width of all roads - and I mean every road in Japan - has to be doubled . Impossible ! The extra road space would only be permitted to be used in the case of emergency . The costs of procuring the land alone would be astronomical ! And what would you do if it started shaking ? The total damage of the Great Kanto Earthquake was 5 billion yen . The national budget for that year was just 1.5 billion - that 's three times the budget . What is the budget for this year ? If you put it at 43 trillion , then three times comes to around 130 trillion . Kawazu ... A nation is defined by stability based on state administration . The power of the administrative branch of government is limited , and rules must be obeyed . Performing one 's utmost within these constraints is the realistic course of action . I understand your feelings . As the Prime Minister , I will do what I can . You 're an academic . You should start by shaking up the world of academia . I want you to observe all rules in applying your counsel to government administration . Hey there . Let 's go to dinner . What happened to the broadcast today ? The TV station canceled it . They 'll reschedule . Let 's go . Just a second . - It 's a gift . - What is it ? A lighter . Thank you . I 'll get you something in return . I don 't want anything . Shall we ? I can 't see you anymore . We can 't meet each other like this . Knowing that I 'll never see you again is painful , but I don 't want to end up chasing after you . I don 't know how you feel . During our time together , I 've fallen in love with you . When I think of your wife and son ... Let 's just make it tonight . That 's why ... I gave you a small gift . I feel that I 've mistreated you . But I 've already made up my mind ... I want you to be my partner for the rest of my life . I would only hold you back . I think it would be the other way around . I have a father ... Everyone does ! I want you at my side . You plan to marry Tomiko Ashida ? Yes . I 'll meet this Yuko just once and then sign the divorce papers ! This is absurd ! I see no reason that you have to meet this woman ! No , I want to get one good look at her ! Major Eruption on Ocean Floor of Mariana Trench Dr. Marumo ! There 've been two eruptions : last year , off the coast of Mexico , and yesterday in the Mariana Trench . Do you see any danger to the Japanese archipelago ? Let 's see ... I looked over the data for the Tokai region and saw no abnormalities . Now stop pestering me . Who else can I talk to ? The Oshima lava level rose 3 meters in one month . Tokyo ground water levels have risen 5-6 cm . I have data that gives some idea of the conditions beneath Tokyo . Please , take a look at it ! You don 't trust my opinion anyway . Therefore , there 's no reason for me to look at it . Dr. Marumo ! This is where the explosion occurred in the Mariana Trench . This is where the deep sea vessel got into trouble last year in Mexican waters . The mantle convection from the exit along South America flows out , and into the floor of the Pacific Ocean traveling toward Japan . Then , it enters the Mariana Trench and the Japan Trench . That is how the Pacific Ocean plates are moving , and this is the cause . Crust Mantle This chart shows the Earth 's interior . The mantle is always moving slowly . At a rate of about 2-3cm a year . It flows up at this mountain range on the ocean floor . The mantle convection always travels laterally , and when it comes to a trench , it sinks back into the interior of the mantle . At that point , the tip of the peninsula is pulled in . And when the force reaches a certain level , it retracts like the snap of a rubber band . That 's when you have an earthquake . This is the mechanism for an earthquake at sea ? How does an earthquake directly underground work ? It 's not yet fully understood by science . - I 'll take a look at it . - Thank you . What happened to your family ? I left my wife . I suppose you felt you had no choice . You 'd have been a blot on the name of the Muchika Kawazu family . We 're going to get a divorce . Yuko is going to meet with Tomiko Ashida . I 'd like you to be there . I 'm going to Osaka for a talk , but I 'll be back tomorrow afternoon . I 'll be available then . I 'm sorry for the trouble . This isn 't wasn 't what I signed up for when I arranged your marriage . Yuko wants to meet you . Will you see her ? Yes ... I 'll meet her . It will be tomorrow afternoon . Dr. Marumo will be there , too . I wanted to see her , too . I spoke with Dr. Marumo . He said he would be present when you meet with Tomiko . We 'll meet at a restaurant called Matsunoie , near Omotesando Station at 4 : 00 . That 's fine . I 'll meet you on the Akasakamitsuke Station platform at 3 : 30 . Ryuichi . Dad ... Why are you leaving us ? I 'm sorry . I don 't want to make you sad . You 'll understand when you 're older . Dad ... When I 'm big , I 'm going to be a scholar just like you . Will I ever see you again ? Of course . Anytime you want . You knew how I felt ! I came to Tokyo to be near you . I planned to propose once my career was on track . Now I find out that you 're hooked up with Yoichi Kawazu . Tomiko , do you really have to marry him ? Can 't you just work together ? I won 't give up so easily ! Dr. Kawazu ? The Iwatsuki Deep Well angle meter has started to show significant motion again . I told Dr. Marumo in Osaka , but he said to tell you . He said to tell me ? Yes , he said it was urgent . I 'll be right there . Call Dr. Marumo . Kawazu speaking . The Iwatsuki angle meter shows a significant rise . I think the Earthquake Prediction Council should be convened . The Director of the Earthquake Division agrees . I see . We 'll convene tomorrow at 10 : 00 . Please inform Mr. Hayashi . Matsunoie is at 4 : 00 , right ? Bring the data with you , just in case . Yuko ! Don 't go ! You don 't need to get divorced . You 're just playing into his hands . Stop , I say . Mother , you are possessed with the ghost of Munechika Kawazu . Hello . I 'm sorry about last night . I 'll never forget how you feel ... But I belong with Dr. Kawazu . I 'm going to meet with Yuko now . Don 't go ! I 'm on my way there now ! - Goodbye . - Tomiko ! Japan Meteorological Agency - It 's been a busy trip . - For you as well . Ryuichi ! Ryuichi ! Run for your lives ! Help me ! - Run to Akasaka ! It 's the closest ! - Get out of my way ! Honey ! Open the doors ! Hurry ! Let 's go ! We have to get on the tracks ! - The platform is there ! - Hurry ! Hurry ! Wait ! Get out of here ! Wait for me ! Grandma , are you all right ? ! Ryuichi ! Ryuichi ! Ryuichi ! Help me ! Grandma , hurry ! Hurry up ! Just a little more , grandma ! Ryuichi ! Let 's get out of here ! Hurry ! Climb up ! Stop dawdling ! Somebody help me ! Let 's go ! Don 't push ! We can 't get out here ! The exit is blocked ! We have to get through ! Please everyone keep calm ! We 're checking to see if there 's a way to get out ! Please stay calm ! - Can 't you contact anyone on the outside ? ! - What in the hell are you doing ? ! We haven 't established contact with the outside yet . Please stay calm ! We 're preparing to lead you to the next station . Please return to the platform . How long are we going to have to be down here ? ! Please , everyone remain calm ! What 's that sound ? - It 's water ! - Water ? ! Get out of here ! It 's been almost two hours since the first earthquake struck . Nothing but smoke and fire are visible from the roof of the radio station building . Tokyo has turned into a raging inferno ! We have no information on the size of the earthquake or its epicenter . The sounds of helicopters can be heard from the sky , but they cannot be seen through the smoke . It 's beginning to shake again ! Have communications been restored ? The Earthquake Countermeasures Headquarters can 't fulfill its duties like this . We 'll be able to send an emergency message via wireless in a moment . The first priority is to save lives and rescue the injured . What are the Tokyo Metropolitan Police and the Fire and Disaster Management Agency doing ? Minister of Internal Affairs Even if the FDMA could dispatch fire trucks and ambulances , they don 't have enough to respond to an emergency of this scale . Supposing the vehicles are still intact , there are fissures , collapsed buildings , exploding cars , fallen overhead highways and walkways , Joint Staff Council Chairman roads that are flooded and otherwise impassable ... So , ground-based rescue operations are virtually impossible . Then we 'll use air-based operations . How 's the Self-defense Forces ? We 've already sent a division into the city center . The Narashino Airborne Brigade should 've already arrived in Eto Ward . The radio announcer said that he could hear the helicopters , but he couldn 't see them . The entire city is engulfed in flames . Their view is either obscured by smoke , or blasts of hot air , which is preventing them from landing . If both ground and air are untenable , what other choices do we have ? The radio 's working again . - Go on screen . - Yes , sir ! This is most unfortunate ! How is it back there ? ! It 's no good ! Same as here ! The epicenter of the earthquake was the Uraga Channel in Tokyo Bay . The magnitude was 7.9 . The fault is huge beyond imagination . The Marunouchi Building is a shambles and people are trapped inside . Over half of Tokyo is flooded . Dammit ! What 's going to happen to us ? ! This area is around 5-6 meters above sea level . I don 't think the water will rise much higher . No , judging from the water level , the water isn 't just from Sumida River , it 's from Tokyo Bay . The pressure of the water flow tells us as much as that . It 's dangerous here ! Isn 't that a ventilation duct ? Maybe we can escape from there . I found it ! Hit it harder ! Almost got it ! It 's an aftershock ! Hold on to the train ! Don 't push ! Daddy , I 'm scared ! Kawazu ! Tomiko ! Tomiko ! Tomiko ! Tomiko ! Tomiko ! Tomiko ! - Hashizume . - Get a hold of yourself ! - I can 't make it ... - Tomiko ! Tomiko ! Poison gas alert ! Poison gas alert ! Chemicals from industrial complexes , hospitals , pharmacies , schools , factories , and research facilities are exploding ! Synthetic construction materials are going up in flames and releasing massive amounts of toxic gas . People , deprived of oxygen , are dropping like flies ! How 're the Maritime Self-Defense Forces doing ? The storm surge and the heavy fuel leak have left them unable to move . So , we 've no other option other than to sit on our thumbs and bear witness to this lake of fire ? ! We 're helpless ! The government is simply not equipped to handle an earthquake of this magnitude ! Shut up ! Saying such things at a time like this ! The point is , we need dramatic disaster measures ! Mommy ! Mommy ! - Mommy ! - Tokiko ! The water level 's getting higher ! Everyone will drown if we stay here ! Hey , maybe some of you on top can swap places with people on the side for a while ! Hey ! What are you doing ? ! Let 's trade places ! Don 't you know how many people are down there in the water ! - Get down there ! - Leave me alone ! Be reasonable about this ! I want you to trade places ! I 'll take your place in the water ! - Is she your wife ? ! - Yes , she is . We 're all gonna die ! DIE ! - Shut up , suckhole ! - We 're dead , I tell ya ! You bastard son of 1,000 fathers ! Shut up ! Shut up ! Shut up ! Stop it ! Everyone 's scared ! Dammit ! I have to go ... To be with Dr. Kawazu ! Tomiko ! Dr. Kawazu ! Tomiko ! Leave me ... I can 't make it . You escape . What 're you saying ? ! You 're going to live ! You 're going to live ! You 'll live for Yoichi Kawazu ! I 'll take your place for a while . - No , I 'm fine . - But ... I said that I 'm all right . The water 's flowing that way , so maybe , if we follow the current , we can survive ! You might be right ! There 's more water flowing in than there is flowing out . That 's why the water level is rising . If we follow the water in the direction it 's flowing , we could find a way out ! Even if there is a way out , how will you get there ? Shut up , shit stain ! I 'm still figuring that out ! You can stay here if you like ! Everyone will drown within the hour ! I hope someone can swim ! We need to swim down a piece and see what we can find ! Can 't anyone swim ? ! Can 't anyone swim ? ! Can 't anyone swim ? ! Why don 't you go ? If I could swim , I would 've been outta here long before now ! Hey , can you swim ? ! Hey , can 't any of you guys swim ? ! I can swim . Then go ! All of our lives depend on it ! I 'll go . Dr. Kawazu ! Doctor ! Are you all right ? ! Stay with me ! Tomiko , stay with me ! He 's not coming back ! He 's dead ! He 's dead ! He 's dead ! He 's dead ! I should 've gone ! It should 've been me ! I 'll go take a look ! Stop ! Stop ! You 'll die ! Don 't die for nothing ! You 're better off staying here ! I 'll go with you ! Yuko , what are you saying ! ? You stay here ! Take this ! Gas ! 50,000 members of the Ground Self-defense Forces have assembled at Rokugo Bridge in Yokohama , but the bridge is badly damaged and impassable by vehicle ! They are formulating a strategy to ford the river on foot ! They are working on dropping supplies by helicopter , but the situation on the ground is so chaotic that people can 't reach them ! Thick black smoke is hampering vision , and helicopters are crashing into each other ! 36 years after WWII ... The capital of this glorious nation that we have worked to build through diligent efforts - gone in a flash ! He said it would cost three times the national budget , or 130 trillion yen . Sir ? That scholar ... Yoichi Kawazu ! Hey , scholar ! There 's a train car up ahead . The roof has collapsed on the car , holding it down and trapping us in . Water is flowing through the gap , but if we could smash down the wall , the water could flow out freely . A wall ! How can we get it out of the way ? ! If we leverage the incline that the train is on to get it moving , it might smash through the wall ! If the ceiling has collapsed and trapped us in here , I don 't see how we can get the train to move ! He 's right . How in the world could we possibly move this train ? ! The rails are covered in rubble ... There 's no way a car could ride on them . What 's on the other side of that wall ? ! It 's filled with gas . What if we ignite the gas ? How ? One of us will have to do it . Blowing up the gas ... is the only way to save everyone . I 'll go back and see whether it can be done . Darling ! I 'll go with you ! You must stay here . I want to help you ! I can ! Yuko ! This is something I have to do ! Only me ! - Darling ! Take me with you ! - I can do it myself ! Darling ! Forgive me ! You have to live ! This is crucial information about the earthquake . Deliver it to the research institute . I need you to do this . And to take care of Ryuichi . Darling ! I 'll go , too . Take me with you ! You should stay here and help . Darling ! Darling ! Screenplay : Kaneto Shindo Subtitles translated by Scannon and timed by lordretsudo Starring : Hiroshi Katsuno Toshiyuki Nagashima Yumi Takigawa Kayo Matsuo Directed by Kenjiro Omori THE END
