 I have it . - AVON : Sector Eight ? - Sector Eight . That 's the asteroid ? That asteroid is our passport into the Altern system , and out again when we 've finished , right under the noses of the Federation . TARRANT : Converging velocity , standard by 1 . DAYNA : Avon , what 's the mass of that asteroid ? About two billion tons , I would say . Range 100,000 and closing . - Well , then I say the whole scheme 's crazy . - Why ? Two billion ? Training manual rule one : Never play with asteroids . - They 're what Murphy 's Law 's all about . - DAYNA : Murphy 's Law ? Anything that can go wrong will go wrong . The crews of any Federation patrols will have been taught the same lesson . Range 90,000 . SLAVE : I don 't wish to speak out of turn , but we 're on a converging collision course - with a large ... - We know . - I 'm sorry , Master , but as asteroids go ... - Don 't be sorry , be quiet . If we want to keep this heap of ironmongery operational , we have to visit Altern Five in order to recover selsium ore to make fuel crystals . Hitching a ride into the Altern system on that asteroid is the only way we 're going to get past any Federation patrols and within teleport distance of Altern Five . Now , if anyone has a better idea , I 'd like to hear it . - I wish I 'd kept my mouth shut . - Range 60,000 . Thirty seconds thrust at maximum power , vectored at 370 will match our course and velocity through the Altern system with the asteroid . Thrust vector 6 . Stand by and override monitor . Standing by . Just how close are you planning to get to that thing , Avon ? Fifty yards . Fifty yards ? Come on , Avon ... Near enough to be in its radar shadow without the risk of being damaged by its spin . Slave , we shall need the precision guidance subsystems on-line for the final approach . Yes , Master . Precision guidance on-line and standby . Main drive thrust condition green for activation on your command . Do we have to go that near ? That spin won 't just damage us , it 'll tear the ship apart . Vila 's right . We need a safer standoff distance ... The closer we get , the less risk there is of our being detected by a Federation patrol . - Range ? - Five thousand . There won 't be anything left of us to detect unless we match velocity and course now . Sit down ! 30 seconds . We can 't risk leaving it that long . Maximum thrust will wreck the main drive . We can 't risk a patrol detecting plasma radiation from sustained thrust . There are times when even the most cynical must trust in luck . Now ! Precision guidance lost . Slave , initiate the backup system . I 'm very sorry about this , but that was the backup system . - Avon , I told you ! - The control panel 's exploded . TARRANT : The flight level redundancy programs are blown , there 's nothing left . Slave , damage report . Main drive lost . We know that . What about the outer hull ? I know I suggested it , but I told you it wouldn 't work , not under these conditions ... No external or internal sensors are functioning in the main drive plasma chamber or the main thrust tube , therefore , damage to the ship 's stern must be considerable . - I 'm sorry , Master . - He 's sorry ! Check the dark side . Chances are we 've wrecked the main drive 's focusing core . - We carry a spare . - What use will that be ? The main drive chamber can 't be pressurised . How do you carry out a delicate repair operation wearing a spacesuit and gauntlets ? - I don 't . - Nobody does . It 's impossible . It 's like using an asteroid as cover to enter the Altern planetary system . Maybe next time you 'll listen to reason , if there is a next time , which seems unlikely . Slave , what is our life support capability ? One hundred and fifty-five hours , Master . SOOLIN : Oh , by the time the oxygen runs out , we 'll be bored as well as dead . - VILA : Look , Tarrant , I told him ... - Be quiet ! Let us check all the systems . I would prefer to be sure that dying is the best option we have . Hello , there ! Anyone for a party ? I 'm afraid you 'll have to bring your own booze 'cause I 've nearly drunk mine . Anyone got any booze ? Huh ? And how about my cold , calculating Soolin ? I 'd like to see you unbend just a little before we 're all , all ... Sometimes , Vila , you can be quite disgusting . Not so , my lovely . I can be disgusting all the time . It 's easy . Easy as colliding with an asteroid , eh , Avon ? You know , they say all your life passes in front of you when you 're about to , about to , you know . It 's what 's happening to me now . All my past life . That 's one misfortune we don 't have to share . Fourteen , I was , when I was first sent to a penal colony . Ship was hit in the main drive by a meteoroid . Bang ! You know what they did to repair it ? Activated the force wall , and generated an atmosphere inside the force wall so the repair team could work in a vacuum without spacesuits , 'cause it wasn 't a vacuum any more , if you see what I mean . Very clever , those old prison hulk skippers . Slave , activate force wall . Pressurise it with our air reserve . That would be most inadvisable , Master . I 'm terribly sorry but our force wall generator is in a poor condition . Slave 's right . We 'd lose the lot . It 's a great pity we didn 't bring Orac . But I could manage a small force wall , a blister force wall , around the damaged part of the hull . Then do it ! - Let 's go . - Hurray ! Out of the mouths of drunks ... - Drunk ? Who 's drunk ? - DAYNA : You are . Show me how to get drunk on plain water and I won 't waste time . Well , then why pretend ? Because , my lovely Dayna and Soolin , no one ever tells someone who 's drunk to volunteer . I don 't like working in main drive chambers , especially main drive chambers that are separated from space by one of Slave 's force walls . We 're in the main drive chamber . It 's going to take about an hour . SOOLIN : Right . We 'll stand watch . - See if you can sober up Vila . - SOOLIN : We 'll try . It 's weird . Like being in space without a spacesuit . Regeneration will take about 20 minutes , while we deal with the coil . SLAVE : I 'm very sorry to disturb you , but I think I 've detected a patrol . If they detect us , I have this feeling that the last thing they 'll do is surrender . SOOLIN : Avon , Tarrant , we 've got company . Three ships , possibly interceptors , range 200,000 and closing fast . Have they detected us ? It doesn 't look like it , they 're not on an interception course . AVON : What class are they ? That 's just it , none of us are sure . But they 're maintaining a standard Federation patrol pattern . We can 't leave what we 're doing . AVON : Make a recording of them . We 'll look at it later . DAYNA : Right . Hologram recorder rolling . Slave , keep the recorder sensors zeroed on those ships . - Soolin , Dayna , what 's happening ? - The three ships just exploded . - They what ? - I know it sounds crazy , but they just blew up by themselves . - Well , it should get us back to base , anyway . - Sounds good to me . AVON : Well , Orac , what do you think ? I think you have brought back a most fascinating recording . AVON : We are looking for conclusions , not critical acclaim . Two conclusions . First , the Federation have re-established their shipbuilding program ahead of my prediction . Second , the early design of the main drives indicates that they have lost their top designer . Orac , we 'd worked that out already . What we want to know is how three ships can suddenly blow up by themselves ? If that had happened I would want an answer to the same question . So what you 're trying to tell us , Orac , is that those ships did not blow up by themselves . I am not trying to tell you anything . I am simply not interested in attempting to compensate for your amazing lack of observation . All right , Dayna , play the recording again . This time at half-speed . VILA : So what 's that supposed to tell us ? That recording told Orac something . If we want to know what it is , we have to check every frame . What , at 10,000 frames per second ? It 'll take us hours . - So ? - So let 's at least patch through a link - to the crew room . - And do it in comfort . A waste of time and effort . We will do it here , and we will do it now . All of us ? We 'll take it in shifts . You may as well start , Dayna . Thanks a lot . Avon , I 've found something . Look , there , near the bottom of the screen . From its movement across the frames it 's possible to calculate its velocity . TARRANT : About standard by 12 , at a guess . In real time ? That 's not possible . ORAC : Standard by 12.6 to be precise . Well , as Vila says , nothing can travel at that speed in real time . It is impossible . Nothing could and it was impossible . It is necessary for your statement to be rephrased , using the past tense . So whatever it is , it fired three bolts at those ships before it passed in front of our sensors . And at standard by 12 they never knew what hit them . Just as well it left us alone . So what is it ? A single-seater space chopper . They were a teenagers ' craze two centuries back , until the Federation outlawed them . Not surprising if they could do standard by 12 . They couldn 't . Which means that that one has been fitted with a new form of main drive unit . ORAC : Which also means that the photonic space drive has been finally perfected by Dr Plaxton . Who ? But , Orac , Dr Plaxton was head of the Federation Space Drive Research Centre . At the time of the Federation 's collapse , the Doctor was developing a new space drive system that used light to exert thrust instead of plasma . The Photonic Drive or the Stardrive machine , as it 's known . Was the prototype small enough to be fitted into a space chopper ? - Certainly . - Hey , just think . If we can get one of those drives and swap it for the clapped-out unit on our ship ... That will be our immediate objective . Where is Dr Plaxton now ? Presumably with the owners of that space chopper . It 's all a matter of observation . Bring that thing into close-up . Closer . Concentrate on the pilot . I want a close-up of his helmet . - VILA : It 's a Space Rat ! - SOOLIN : Friends of yours ? Friends ? There 's no such thing as a friend of a Space Rat . They even hate each other . TARRANT : What else do you know about them ? They 're maniacs , psychopaths ! All they live for is sex and violence , booze and speed . And the fellas are just as bad . We had a couple in the penal colony . They were always trying to frighten me . They never succeeded , of course . What were they imprisoned for ? Breaking into transport museums . When the Federation banned all leisure transport , they went in for stealing anything on wheels or could fly . They were speed crazy , and I do mean crazy . Speed is the key . Find the Space Rats and we find Dr Plaxton . That 's exactly what we 're going to do . Now , look , I 've tangled with just about every ugly in the book since I got involved with you lot , - but I draw the line at Space Rats . - Go on . Well , they have no respect for life . They 're based on an ancient Earth sect of unbelievable viciousness . Orac , where can we find these Space Rats ? Their last known base was Caspar , an Earth-type planet in Sector Five . - Sector Five ? - We 'll never make it with the state the ship 's in . What are our chances , Orac ? 100 % better than your chances of getting anywhere else , if you don 't obtain a new space drive for the ship within three months . Thank you , Orac , that 's a great help . - It 'll take time to get the ship ready . - Better get on with it then . I 'll get the lights on for a start . Can 't we think about this ? As much as you like , once we 're underway . Slave , set a course for Caspar in Sector Five . Synchronous orbit around Caspar established and locked . Supposing they come at us with one of their space choppers ? There 's no point in worrying about that . No ? After what happened to those Federation ships ? Because we won 't know anything about it . Try again , Soolin . Caspar . Caspar , this is civilian freighter Scorpio calling Caspar . We are not hostile , repeat , not hostile . We wish to negotiate an alliance against the Federation . Caspar , Caspar , this is Scorpio . Do you copy ? You 're wasting your time . They won 't have radio . The only technology they 're interested in is on wheels or flies or goes bang . - You know what they 're up to right now ? - What ? Right now they 're trying to make up their minds which piece of nastiness they 're going to send up to zap us with . Oh , surely they won 't risk an attack without finding out first what it is they are going to attack . That 's the logical way of thinking . But those psychopaths down there are Space Rats . Their philosophy is simple , if it moves , zap it . As you know so much about their philosophy , you would seem to be the ideal person to teleport down to talk to them . Me ? But I 've just told you what they 're like . Get permission for us to land Scorpio . Dayna will go down with you , just to keep an eye on you . Yes , all right . You don 't seriously expect us to talk to them ? Just check the place out . Make sure we 're right . Scorpio 's in no condition to make unnecessary landings , Vila . AVON : Soolin , set the teleport coordinates . VILA : And set them properly . Not in the middle of a lake or something . SOOLIN : With the state the final guidance is in you 'll be lucky not to end up in space on a reciprocal coordinate . Ready . Vila ? Vila ! Dayna . I 'm stuck ! ( Vila groaning ) - I 'm stuck . - So am I , Vila . With you . Oh , my back , my back . Shut up ! Be quiet ! - DAYNA : What is it ? - VILA : How should I know ? - What are they ? - They are the Space Rats . - What are they riding ? - I don 't know . If it moves on wheels , they steal it , and if it doesn 't move on wheels , they zap it . They don 't like complications . - Seems like luck is on our side today . - Think so ? That 's one of the most ancient closed circuit television cameras I 've ever seen . Chances are it hasn 't been working for years . Descent from orbit begins in 45 seconds and counting . Check . You never intended to wait for Vila and Dayna to report back , did you ? You 're just using them . Vila and Dayna are useful diversions . - If they get caught . - Which is fairly likely . I wouldn 't count too heavily on that . Dayna 's sharp and she handles a gun quite well , considering her sheltered upbringing . Tune the detectors to the radio spectrum and you 'll discover about 50 radiation sources dotted around that area . Caused by leakages from badly maintained TV surveillance cameras . AVON : That is in addition to the radiation from the cliff face itself , which is at a level you would expect from a high energy research laboratory , or a test chamber for a new space drive . So , you 've let Dayna and Vila walk into a trap . We need the space drive . DR PLAXTON : Particle driver control ? NAPIER : Particle driver right . Well , you 'd better double check . I 'm going to take the drive up to 25 % today . - In here , Doctor ? - Don 't argue with me , Napier . Particle driver satisfactory , Dr Plaxton . Place the photon shield in position . Stop ! How many times do I have to tell you , you wear gloves in here ! We 're only moving a flagging shield , isn 't it ? I don 't care . I am not going to have 3,000 hours of work put at risk by a couple of freaks who never take a bath . Don 't need a bath . Sweats regular . Out ! - Now look ... - Go on , get out . I 'll do it . You 'd better go . - They 'll complain to Atlan . - What the hell do I care ? How I ever came to be mixed up with a bunch of psychopathic killers ... It was your decision , Dr Plaxton , and one you were happy enough to make at the time , as I recall . It was three years ago , Napier . Everything 's ready for the test . Do you fetch him or shall I ? I 'll go . We 've made a mistake . There 's nothing here . They must hope that everybody thinks as you do , including the Federation . Eh ? - Concealed entrances . - Right . Well , at least we 've got the advantage of surprise . ( Spitting ) Atlan , I 'm ready to begin the test on the Mark Two drive . Now . Brigg , watch that . Bomber . Bomber ! Two gooks outside . Fetch , but don 't bend , I might want to talk with them . Well ? What are you doing hanging around ? Do you wish to join us ? ( Whispering ) Vila . This place is like some kind of underground maze . We seem to have hit on some sort of a hangar . This is not a good place to be , Dayna . - See what 's under there . - Why ? Just do it ! I 'll cover for you . And very quickly . We haven 't much time . - This is a space chopper . - So is this . I think we 've seen enough . We 'll report back to the ship and then get out of here . - Avon . - Go ahead , Dayna . Orac was right . This is where the new space drives come from . We found two space choppers and we think the main workshop is in the west cliff . - We 're now ready for teleport . - Teleport is out of commission . - What ? - What do you mean " out of commission " ? Not working , Vila . Keep your heads down . We 'll be in touch . Out . There 's another one . Well , that 's useful . Save us having to find a marker for the grenade . TARRANT : Right . It 's primed . ( Electronic beeping ) Come on ! You 've got to find somewhere safe to wait . Well , perhaps we could hide under here . Wonder what this thing does ? Tell you what this does , gook . It goes bang . And you go splat . We 'll be attacking by the time Vila tells them we 're still on the ship . More . More ! Come on , more ! There 's no point in overloading the Mark Two prototype . Dr Plaxton . Out of my way , idiot ! Without my Space Rats scouring a dozen worlds for your raw materials there would be no Mark One or Mark Two . And without my brains you would have no ... Which I might decide I can now do without . So , let 's see what it can do , huh ? Now , more . ( Vila groans ) What 's the noise ? Nothing to the noise you gooks will soon be making . What is it now ? Seventy-five percent . We must close down now . Atlan , the shield 's melting . What was the simulated speed ? - Fifteen . - Fifteen ? Fifteen ! TD 15 in real time ! My Space Rats will be knocking out Federation heavy cruisers next . - If they 've any left . - Oh , yes , they have . But not for long . How soon can this be fitted to our space choppers ? DR PLAXTON : Napier . Well ? What 's wrong with the Mark One ? It gives your space choppers TD 12 . Not as good as 15 . No Space Rat likes to put up with second best . Speed and violence . That 's all you Space Rats think about . As you well know , I am not a Space Rat . But so long as I give them what they want , they accept me as their leader . Mindless destruction of Federation ships . It 's mindless . You don 't have a plan . Maybe the Space Rats haven 't got a plan , Dr Plaxton . But we could have . Total control over all the space trade routes . I want no part of that . - All I want to do is to develop my space drive . - Fine ! So how soon can this be fitted to our space choppers ? - It can 't . - Why not ? Because this is the only one . So build more . We 've provided you with enough raw material to build 500 . I am a scientist , not a production engineer . And the other reason why this can 't be fitted to your space choppers is quite simply , - it won 't fit . - Why not ? Because the only way to increase the power was to increase the size of the photon generator chambers . This drive was intended to be installed in a real spacecraft , not in toys driven by a bunch of murderous psychopaths . - Our agreement ... - Our agreement was that you provide me with the resources to continue with my work . Well , that 's exactly what I 've done . You will start modification work on the space drive now , Dr Plaxton . If you refuse , I will tell the Space Rats that you are depriving them of speed , and I will let them deal with you ... in their own fashion . If the readings are anything like accurate , this should be ... the connecting wall . You 'd better get on with it . ( Pulsing electronic hum ) Brigg , Bomber , Johns ! We 're going to the hills for some hunting . - What 's this ? - The gooks . - Gooks ? - Yeah . Don 't look like Federation to me . We 're not . Okay , bend them . - What does that mean ? - You 'll find out . ( Pulsing electronic hum ) Talk amongst yourselves . This could take some time . Wait ! Wait ! Before you kill us , you might let us see Dr Plaxton . Stop ! You know Dr Plaxton ? - Of course we do . - Old friend . - From where , gook ? - Oh , way back . - We were students of the Doctor 's , once . - Studying what ? Space drives , the photonic drive in particular . You too , gook ? Clever student ? In that case , we had better take you both to see the Doctor . Thank you . ( Pulsing electronic hum ) Bomber ! Dr Plaxton , how marvellous to see you again . Do you remember us , Dayna and Vila , your best students ? We thought we 'd never see you again after you left the academy . Is this some sort of trick ? I 've never seen these people before in my life . ( Dayna laughing ) Your memory hasn 't improved . Do you remember the time when you lost your ground car and reported it to the police as having been stolen ? - And this must be your new photonic space drive . - Look , I don 't know you . Well , it doesn 't look anything like as sophisticated as the prototype we were working on at the academy , but that 's only to be expected having to work under these conditions . I do not know these people . Do not or will not ? Could you two work on the development of the photonic drive ? - Of course . - This is my project . Not for much longer , it seems . How dare you take away my authority on this project ... I will do a lot more than that , Dr Plaxton , if you prove to be of no further use to me . I 'm sure we 'll be able to help you , Atlan , but first we 'd better see if this thing is up to standard . - How do I start it ? - Leave it alone . We have to see how it performs . Start it up . - VILA : We need more power . - Why ? Well , if we 're to make a proper assessment . Well , what do you think of it ? Very nice . It will be even nicer if you stand absolutely still . SOOLIN : Hold it ! - Is this it ? - Yes . We 'll take it with us . The door control . Tarrant , give Vila a hand . Space Rats ! We are under attack . Follow me . The door . I 've done it . Whoever you are , take me with you . I 'm dead if I stay here . We take you and your photonic drive . Let 's go . Let 's go . Over there . We 'll cover you . Take that . Come on ! Bomber ! There it is . There . Secure that and let 's get the hell out of here . Emergency lift stations . Check functions . - Dayna ? - Check . - Vila ? - Check . - Soolin ? - Check . - Tarrant ? - Check . All right , go ! Slave , activate all sensory systems . Set course 390 at maximum drive . We 'll give you a navigational program once we are clear of this planetary system . At once , Master . I 'm sorry to have to report , Master , that three Federation ships are approaching on an intercept course of 03007 . Dayna , put them on the rear screen . Range 200,000 . Their signals traffic indicates that they think we 're from Caspar . The state our main drive is in , we will be within their cannon range within an hour . - What 's the matter with your main drive ? - It 's a museum piece . - Standard fibre optic control connections ? - Very standard . Then why not let me install this now ? One burst from this and we 'd put a lot of distance between us and those ships . - How long will it take ? - Fifty minutes . - If it 's to be done , it 'll have to be done in 45 . - All right . You can pressurise your main drive tube so I can work in there ? - Yes . Come with me . - Fine . DAYNA : Forty-four minutes , 55 seconds , and counting . DAYNA : Two minutes , 10 seconds . Just the main ignition controls now . One minute precisely , Doctor . Two more connections . Not long now . They 're in range . - Time is up , Doctor . - Almost done . - Plasma bolt fired . - Thirty seconds to impact . One more connection to ... ( Electronic beeping ) - What are you doing ? - Programming in the main circuit drive . You can 't do that . That main drive will fire as soon as she makes the final connection . - SOOLIN : Fifteen seconds . - We can outrun that bolt . She 's dead either way . SOOLIN : Ten seconds and counting . 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 ... Good enough . At least now we can outrun the opposition . That should make you happy . What about Dr Plaxton ? Who ?
