 - Igin , is that right ? - Yes , sir . And you 're attached to the Fourth Column of freedom fighters , - commanded by Star Major Hunda ? - Yes , sir . Strange how you civilians give yourselves these impressive military ranks . What was Star Major Hunda before the occupation ? - A hairdresser ? - No , sir . - He was my first assistant at Liedenbrank . - Ah , a teacher . You know that Liedenbrank no longer exists . IGIN : Yes , we 'd heard that most of it had been destroyed . Together with 18,000 defenders , though they were given the chance to surrender . - What was your position at Liedenbrank ? - I was the Director of Geological Studies . Indeed . All right , Igin , I 'm going to let you rejoin your friends . - You 're releasing me ? - Of course , why not ? And you might tell Hunda that resistance is quite pointless . By the way , what was your mission ? We wanted to find out how far the flood level below the city had receded . Why ? Hunda thought it might be possible to tunnel under the Magnetrix terminal and lay explosive charges . Clever . Yes , that would have made a mess of things . - Is the scheme feasible ? - No , not at the moment . The water 's still too high . We should have to tunnel over 300 metres . Well , that 's something for you to report , isn 't it ? All right , Igin , off you go . Thank you , sir . Too easy , isn 't it ? Just like children , once they 've been adapted . I don 't know what the pacification police use , but I wish I could get hold of a shot of it . Why , sir ? Next time I go on leave . I could use it to get my entertainment for nothing . Check that he 's registering . Yes , we 've a clear signal . He 's heading out towards the refineries . Good . Call me when you think he 's made contact . Command Central . Avandir speaking . Post 3 . Tell Hunda that Igin is coming back . Hello , Post 3 , this is Hunda . Is Igin alone ? As far as I can see . Right . Hold him where he is . Tell him to take cover , and I 'll send an escort party for him as soon as it gets dark . - What is it , Orac ? - You asked me to report any extension of the Federation command network . Magnetrix terminal 406 is now programmed in . - What planet does the terminal serve ? - Helotrix . - Helotrix . - It is the main terminal for the planet Helotrix . The fact is checked and confirmed . That means the Helots are back in the empire . But they aren 't the sort to cave in so quickly . It took the Federation years to subdue them on the first expansion . They 've retaken Lubus and Porthia Major in the last few weeks . If Helotrix has gone , that means the Federation now control most of Sector 4 . If they keep expanding at this rate , Avon , we haven 't as much time as you thought . They 'll be knocking on the door in a couple of years . How are they doing it ? I don 't know , but maybe we should start running . I always thought your idea of having a combat base was crazy . Vila , I won 't run . We have to find out what it is they 're doing . Why the old colonies are being conquered so easily . Then perhaps we can do something about it . The five of us ? Oh , and Trooper Orac here . We need to know how they are doing it . It 's possible that the Federation have some new weapon , something we don 't know about . - All the more reason to start running now . - Oh , drop it , Vila . Avon 's right . If it is something new , how are we going to find out about it ? There 's only one way . AVON : We have to go to Helotrix . ( Rustling ) Our duty target 's nice and steady now , sir . Hasn 't moved for an hour . Then presumably Igin 's got back to base . All right , prepare for neutron strike . All launchers mobile , sir . Ready launchers 3 and 17 . Fifty-metre bracket pattern . - 3 and 17 locked on , now . - Primary relay open . Safety lock clear . Fire . Countdown . Four , three , two . They must have had some kind of marker on him . That should have been me . - It was my idea . - Igin volunteered . I should never have sent him . He was too old . But that 's why he volunteered , Hunda , don 't you see ? - He wanted to be of use . - Nevertheless , it was my idea , I should have gone ! Yes , sir , with any luck the rebel 's Fourth Column has just ceased to exist . - Well done . - Thank you , sir . Mind you , I have a sneaking respect for these Helots . I led a squadron of them once . Marvellous fighters , especially at close quarters . They love the hand-to-hand stuff . Not really necessary , of course , these days , sir . Don 't you believe it , Quute . You can 't do everything with your missiles . Bunkers , strong points , inner city combat . You 've got to winkle them out with cold steel . It 's the only way of clearing the ground . - Gas , sir ? - It 's not always effective . - Do you remember the Fletch expedition of ' 29 ? - No , I don 't think I do . Fletch used gas against the Wazis . Complete massacre , bodies everywhere . Took dinner with his officers that night , suddenly the Wazis came over the wall , butchered the whole expedition . It seems Wazis are gill-breathers , they can lie dormant for days . That 's very interesting , sir . - You 'll send out a patrol to do a body count ? - Of course , sir . Well , don 't use our own troops . We 've got some adapted Helots under training . Yes , I 've seen them . - What do you think of them ? - They seem like all Helots after adaptation . Suggestible , obedient and glad to follow orders . They should make excellent troops . I don 't know . Something missing , I think . - Fire in the belly , Quute . You can 't fight without it . - No , of course not , sir . - I 'm meeting the President-elect later on . - Yes , I 'd heard he 'd arrived . - He 's a Helot , they say . - Practor ? Oh , yes , born and bred . It 's a good idea getting one of their own to run the place . - Is he adapted , sir ? - It 's not necessary , Practor 's been on the Federation civil list for years . He knows all the ropes . So it shouldn 't take too long to hand over . Then we can get on to Wanta . - Wanta ? - That 's our next assignment . - Something to look forward to , eh ? - Yes , sir , I 'm looking forward to that no end . Where exactly is Wanta , sir ? - How long till we make planetfall ? - Just over two hours . You 'd better check out which gun kits you want . - Do you think I 'll pass for a Helot ? - No problem . When Helotrix was first settled , the old Stock Equalization Act was still in force . Every Earth race had to be represented . I didn 't know Helots were originally from Earth . Everyone came from Earth originally . That 's a well-known fact . It 's a well-known opinion , actually . - Most well-known facts are . - But not in this case . Helotrix is one of the oldest colonies and the first to gain independence from the empire . Until the Federation grabbed it back . - Come on , Dayna . - Right . That idiot 's looking forward to it . He can 't wait to go snooping around Helotrix . He 's good material , is Tarrant . One of the best . He 's not the man for the job . Tarrant has about as much subtlety as a Tarzian Warg Strangler . All I 'm saying is Tarrant 's going to walk straight into trouble , and get himself killed or captured . If he 's dead , he can 't talk . But if the Federation find out we 're hanging around , we won 't stand a chance . Not in this ship . At least in the Liberator we could always outrun them . Vila , if the Federation do have some new weapon , the Helots will know all about it . All Tarrant has to do is ask a few questions in the right places . Even your Tarzian Warg Strangler might manage that . You think so ? Well , you better give him a list of questions and then a map to find the right places . Doesn 't have much time for Tarrant , does he ? Oh , well , Tarrant is brave , young , handsome . There are three good reasons for anyone not to like him . He has a point , all the same . - About Tarrant ? - ( Chuckling ) About the ship . It was never designed to tangle with Federation cruisers . Oh , I 'm working on them . - You are ? - With Orac 's help . These old freighters are fitted with short-burn boosters to help get their payloads into orbit . Orac is figuring out a way to redesign them to give us extra in-flight speed . - I thought he was keeping unusually silent . - Probably sulking . One of the almost human things about Orac is that it does not like to work . - Orac . - Yes , Avon . - Any progress with the booster problem ? - There has been no reply yet . What do you mean , no reply ? I passed the programme to computers specialising in engineering design . - You mean you can 't handle it yourself ? - The art of leadership is delegation . They 'll push out a patrol to check our casualties , so you 'll have a chance to catch them in the open for once . Now , bait the ground well , and then deploy the rest of the column beyond Post 3 . - Any questions ? - We 'll be in the open , too . If they send in gunships we 'll be cut to pieces . Take them by surprise . Hit hard and they 'll have no time to call gunships . And then you get out again fast , all right ? - MAN : Prisoners ? - We don 't take prisoners . - You should be in command . - I 'm passing command to you , Hask . Take over the column till I get back . Hunda , why don 't you think again ? - Do you have to go ? - Yes . If I 'd have gone last time Igin would still be alive . - And you might be dead . - Look , we 're losing this war , but if we can destroy the Magnetrix terminal , we may still have a chance , and it 's our only chance . - There are plenty of others . I 'm willing to try . - You 're not a geologist . We need to know the exact point where we can start the shaft . How long it 's going to take , what sort of equipment will be required . And a dozen other questions that only an expert can decide . How are you going to get into the city ? We haven 't found an entrance yet that isn 't covered . That 's true . They probably got Igin on their detector screens before he got 50 yards . I 'm going to swim in under the reactors . - I doubt if they thought of that . - I doubt it , too . That 's an impossible swim , Hunda . Fifty metres underwater in almost total blackness . - You 'll never make it . - I think I can . There are two places along that cooling system where it 's possible to surface , and as long as I keep my face to the current , I should be heading in the right direction . All right , Hask , you take over now . Get the column moving . And if all goes well , I 'll be back tomorrow night . Good luck , Hunda . This is the high chamber , Excellency . It 's still furnished to the taste of your predecessor , but that 's easily changed . - Who are you ? - My name is Leitz , General . Commissioner Sleer sent me to act as His Excellency , President-elect Practor 's liaison officer . Good . Remarkable person , Sleer . Thinks of everything . They think highly of Sleer at Federation headquarters . So they should . So they should . If it wasn 't for Commissioner Sleer 's pacification programme , my task force would still be bogged down five star systems back . Adaptation programme , General . Tell me about it . How is it done ? - Some new wonder drug , isn 't it , Leitz ? - Yes , sir . The Commissioner controls its manufacture . It 's injected by medical laser , acts immediately and has no side effects . - It changes the personality , I believe ? - Not to any great extent , Excellency . It simply blocks the production of adrenalin . The result is that adapted natives no longer resist us . - They continue to work normally ? - Completely . - In fact , the work ethic is often reinforced . - Really ? Industrial production on Tarsius has risen 19 % since the natives were adapted . That 's very impressive . How many Helots have been adapted so far ? Do sit down , General . The majority , I should think . Commissioner Sleer doesn 't waste time . It 's simply that , as my craft came over this afternoon , I saw some explosions out to the east . It seemed that fighting was still going on . Isolated pockets of resistance . They 're being mopped up rapidly now . You actually saw the destruction of a rebel unit . Strange that I didn 't see any sign of life . They 're very skilled at using cover . So it would seem . We employed a live target for that particular strike . A live target , General ? Sleer 's people picked up a rebel who 'd been sent on an intelligence mission . He was adapted , given a tracer to swallow and sent back to rejoin his friends . When he reached their base , my missile commander just pressed the button . - That 's very ingenious , General . - And very effective . Well , Excellency , I 'll leave you now . We 'll meet tomorrow at the swearing-in ceremony . Thank you , General . I 'm grateful to you . We are now holding station 40 miles from the surface . I do hope this is satisfactory , Master . So , Tarrant , this is your big moment . - If the teleport works ... - It 's working perfectly now , I checked it myself . Yes , but would you use it yourself , Vila ? That 's the real test . Oh , get in there and disappear . Remember , Tarrant , we are only interested in whether or not the Federation have some new weapon . Whatever else is happening down there , even if they are executing the entire population , you are not to get involved . - All right ? - You know me , Avon . Report when you contact surface . Tarrant to Scorpio . We 're on surface . Scorpio to Tarrant . Message clear , report again in one hour . - Why aren 't they answering ? - I don 't know . Tarrant to Scorpio , are you receiving us ? He didn 't hear . I fear that sensors indicate audio malfunction . Tell us something we don 't know , Slave . I do apologise most profoundly if I have given offence . - I assure you that ... - All right , Slave , be quiet . You 'd better check the audio beam . It looks as if we 're stuck here , Tarrant . I knew I should have brought my night clothes . Hmm . Well , they 'll obviously be working on the fault . Nothing we can do about it . Let 's go . Then from your private suite back into the reception chamber . This is , of course , a communication centre which gives you video contact by satellite with any part of Helotrix . You also have a direct audio link via the Magnetrix terminal with Federation headquarters . Not quite direct , then , is it , Leitz ? No , sir , I meant that it 's private and priority coded . Years in the civil service have turned me into something of a pedant . You mustn 't let it worry you , Leitz . LEITZ : The Supreme Empress ? Servalan ? - Is your Excellency certain ? - Of course , I knew her well . Killed in the rearguard action at Gedden . I knew she was reported dead , sir . I never heard any details . There was a great deal of confusion when the High Council were restored to power . Most of the old guard were killed in the fighting . They remained loyal to Servalan right till the end . And a lot were executed later , weren 't they ? - All the leaders were purged . - The penalty for choosing the wrong side . I myself was under arrest for a short time . Well , I suppose it 's better to die bravely in the field than to face execution later . PA SYSTEM : Attention , citizens . Attention . This is a census call . Assemble in the concourse now . Use entrances 1 and 3 only . I repeat , entrances 1 and 3 only . Let 's try over there . - Ah . Any ideas ? - We 'll have to go through him . That 's what they 're expecting , friends . Follow me . If you want to stay alive . We 'll lie low till the check is over . - DAYNA : What 's the check for ? - Catching people like us . The unadapted . - Unadapted ? What do you mean ? - You 're off-worlders . - Who are you ? - You got us right the first time . We 're friends . Of anyone fighting the Federation . Now what 's this about people like us being " unadapted " ? ( Whistle blowing ) Avandir , behind you ! RADIO : Hello , Red Leader . This is Strike Control . What is your position ? Red Leader ? Are you receiving me ? Ow ! Sorry , sir . I think we just lost our Helots . - What ? - They went out with a bang . - You mean the patrol 's been ambushed ? - It reads that way , sir . That Hunda and his rabble are becoming more than just a nuisance . Well , the teleport audio system seems to be working all right . Orac , how do the sensors check ? The sensors are clear . - So what went wrong ? - Hard to say . What did you do ? What any skilled technician does with solid-state circuitry . He kicked the living quartz out of it . It 's probably one of the relay triggers . We 'll have to go over the whole system when we get back . All right , try and contact Tarrant now . SOOLIN : ( Over radio ) Tarrant . Tarrant , come in please . Avon certainly chooses his moments . Well , at least they 've fixed the teleport . And we 've had a demonstration of the Federation 's new weapon . - Isn 't there any defence against it ? - Only to shoot first . We can move out of here soon . They won 't run another census today . What did I say ? Didn 't I tell you Tarrant would blow it ? We don 't know that for certain . Right now , he 's probably strung up while they thread red hot filaments through his nerve centres , if he 's got any . It 'll be , " Where 'd you come from ? How 'd you get here ? Are there any more like you ? " For pity 's sake , Avon , get this ship moving while we still have a chance . Slave , I want an infrared surface sweep every 30 seconds . Immediate notification of any launchings . At once , Master . - That 'll be too late . - I don 't think so . We can 't be sure that anything has happened to them . Maybe it just wasn 't convenient for them to answer . Right , like their arms are being pulled out at the shoulders . Vila , until we are attacked , we are staying . Blake would have been proud of you , you know . I know . But then he never was very bright . ( Beeping ) House computer . You require ? You 've allowed access to my private lift , to whom ? A visitor . Top priority . What are you ... No sign of him ? In the first days of the occupation , this was always our meeting point , but maybe he stopped coming . Don 't you have any other way of contacting him ? I mean , you just turn up here at this time of day ? It seems a bit haphazard . We didn 't have time to get organised . What , so you 've no contact with other resistance units ? None . Maybe mine 's the only column still fighting . There 's Leitz now . These are friends . Dayna , Tarrant . They 're from Earth . Enemies of the Federation . - Have you any news of the other columns ? - Nothing good . Two has been practically wiped out . One and Three have suffered heavy casualties and pulled back into the White Mountains to regroup . So mine is the only unit still functioning . And you can expect to come under heavy attack in the next few days . The General is getting impatient . Yes , well , we beat off their last attack . Shot down two gunships . I heard . - How did you get into the city ? - I swam in under the reactors . Well , I 'm sorry you took such a risk to hear bad news . Well , that isn 't why I came . I wanted to see how far the flood level 's fallen . Why ? I had hoped we could tunnel in from the lower city and lay mines under the Magnetrix terminal , but the floodwater 's too high . In the early days of the fighting , we blew the reservoirs . The terminal is their communication centre ? If we could knock it out , they 'd be isolated . Couldn 't you infiltrate an assault group ? Or is it too heavily defended ? It 's not defended , but the city 's sealed off . - What is it ? - Sealed off . About 100 years ago they sealed off the old monorail . Hunda , if you could find it ... I know where it runs . It 's still shown on the plans . You could bring an army in through there right into the heart of the city . You 're right . We could destroy the terminal and their command HQ in one strike . We 'll win this war yet ! I must get back to my column . I don 't think we 'll meet again . I hope you get the information you need . - Oh , and , Leitz . - Yes ? Remember to keep your head down when we come in . What 's the information you need ? We 've come to learn what we can about the new drug the Federation 's using . Pylene-50 . What do you want to know ? ( Alarm beeping ) - So Pylene-50 is actually made here ? - It has to be . It only remains stable for a few days , and then the enzyme bonds break up and it 's no longer effective . If we could find a sample for analysis ... Where 's the synthesising plant ? You 're sitting on top of it , but it 's guarded night and day . It 's worth taking a look . - I wouldn 't leave without . - Well , be careful . I wish I could help you , but I can 't stay any longer . You 've been a great help already , Leitz . We 're very grateful . - Have you fixed its position ? - Not enough time , sir . But it 's above Roche 's limit , so it must be a spacecraft . Or a spy satellite . - What 's that thing called ? Orac ? - Yes , sir . - Means nothing to me . How was it detected ? - A one-in-a-thousand chance , General . The operator happened to pick it up while running a routine line scan . And what was this data it was taking from the terminal ? A study on freighter design modification . Information being relayed from Space Centre . Sounds like a bit of commercial jiggery-pokery , Quute . - I shouldn 't worry about it . - That 's not really the point , sir . These spaceship builders , they 're always at each other 's throats . - Underhanded bunch . - Yes , sir , but ... Most of them are Scalerians , you know . - Utter rogues . Corruption 's a way of life . - Yes , sir , but ... Can 't fight worth a damn , either . It 's a security problem , General . It means that whatever 's up there must be able to take information from databanks anywhere in the Federation . - Really ? - Yes , sir . What , you mean , troop movements , that sort of thing ? An open book , General . Then put a stop to it at once . Yes , sir , well , if you would authorise a search and destroy mission ... Absolutely . No , Commissioner , the video system 's been destroyed . All right , Leitz . - See nothing 's touched and inform the General . - I already have . He 's here . Good . Tell him I 'll take charge of the investigation . We need an arrest before Headquarters are told of Practor 's death . Somebody wanted to make very sure of him , eh ? Commissioner Sleer said to touch nothing , sir . - Sleer 's taking charge ? - Yes , sir . Well , it 's a police job , I suppose . - You searched the apartment ? - Yes , General . The computer must have let him in . So the killer is somebody Practor knew . I 'd say that limits the field a bit . - Where were you when he was killed ? - I had to meet somebody on the concourse . So the killer could have seen you leave and knew he was alone . It 's possible , sir . Of course , you can prove you had this meeting . That might be difficult . Why ? Because my meeting was with Hunda , General , and two off-worlders . Hunda is a rebel leader . Yes . He managed to get into the city . You see , since I arrived here , I 've been coordinating the resistance . I 've kept in contact with all the rebel columns . This is treason , Leitz . I could have you shot out of hand . No , I don 't think so . I was acting under Commissioner Sleer 's instructions to obtain advanced knowledge of their plans . You mean you 're a double spy . It was my information which led to the destruction of their second column . And Hunda 's column is about to walk into a similar trap . Go on . He 's planning a raid on the Magnetrix terminal . At dawn he 'll enter the city by the old monorail . Once his column 's inside the tunnel , all you have to do is blow it in , General . Blow it in . That 's all I have to do ? Yes , I suppose so . It 'll finish the resistance . You mentioned two off-worlders at this meeting . Yes . They 're interested in the adaptation drug . I sent them to the laboratory . I expect they 're dead now . TARRANT : It 's a photocell lock . Here 's a key . Tarrant , wait . Here 's another one . - What do you make of it ? - It 's a Tangran code . - That 's what I thought . - I wonder ... You just saved our lives . - That other one must have been booby-trapped . - Yeah , that was a trick , tiny diffusers . - Nerve gas ? - I expect so . Let 's just pray there isn 't a backup system . Ladies first . You 're so gallant . In my hand I have an electrical contact . If it closes , it will detonate 700 kilos of glycerol trinitrate . Put your guns away . Put them away ! Nitroglycerine ? It 's a bit outdated , isn 't it ? It was all I could make with my limited resources . And it is still a highly effective explosive . - You 're not from the Federation , I gather . - No . Your surreptitious entry told me as much . Who are you ? Where are you from ? Come now , I may be friendlier than you think . My name is Dayna . This is Tarrant . We 're Federation outlaws . Yes . Yes , I remember those names . There was a reward for your capture . You and your friends have a ship called the Liberator . - Am I right ? - We had a ship called the Liberator , it was destroyed fairly recently . Memory is one of the few faculties I have left that still functions perfectly . My name , by the way , is Forbus . The inventor of Pylene-50 . Forbus , you weren 't really going to press that contact , were you ? The explosion would have killed you , too . That would seem a waste at the present time . When I die , I should like Commissioner Sleer right beside me . But you work for Sleer , manufacturing Pylene-50 . I am compelled to work for Sleer . That inhuman devil is the cause of it . Sleer is responsible for what you see . And now , only Sleer keeps me alive . What happened , what do you mean ? Pylene-50 used homoeopathically is simply a muscle relaxant . Sleer discovered that 100 times normal dosage totally subverts the will , tried to force me to part with the formula . I refused . I didn 't understand Sleer 's nature then . Totally callous , savage ambition . There is a poison called Tincture of Pyrellic . - Perhaps you 've heard of it ? - No . It is the extract of Pamporanian fungi , it cripples and eventually kills . Death is agonising and there is no cure . I have Pyrellic poisoning . Sleer 's doing . There is an antidote that prevents the poison 's spreading . As long as I take it daily I get no worse , but Sleer , of course , controls my supply . - So long as you manufacture Pylene-50 . - That is the threat always over my head . To work for Sleer or to die in agony . But , from time to time , Commissioner Sleer comes in here to taunt me , to gloat . Now , thanks to my outdated nitroglycerine , Dayna , I am ready . I hope Leitz comes as well . He usually does . - Leitz . - Almost as vile a sadist as Sleer . Yes , I should like Leitz to be here . Is something wrong ? But Leitz told us he worked for the resistance . But he didn 't tell us about that booby-trap door , did he ? And he must have set Hunda up , too . That story about the monorail tunnel , it 's all a trap . We 've got to tell Hunda and warn him . Forbus , we came here to get a sample of Pylene-50 in the hope that someone can devise ... Somebody already has , Tarrant . These block the effects of Pylene-50 , but unfortunately can 't reverse them . And this is the written formula . - Forbus ... - Don 't waste time thanking me , my friends . You must hurry . - Flight commander wants clearance to launch , sir . - All right , go ahead . Strike leader , this is Control . You have clearance . - Just launching the search for that spy ship , sir . - Good . What 's the position regarding the monorail ? The sapper team have laid 18 charges in the tunnel . They can be detonated either simultaneously or independently . I suppose Leitz will expect a medal after this . Surface launch , Master . What did I say ? Slave , can you identify them ? The heat pattern indicates three B 19 cruisers . Oh , come on , Avon . Hit that button . That 's a search formation , Avon . They 're not aligned for an attack . So they 're searching . We 're going to wait here till they find us ? Let 's get out . They must have picked up Dayna and Tarrant , and realised we are up here somewhere . Slave , set the ship on an evasion pattern , maximum speed ! - That 's the first sensible ... - Just a minute . This is Scorpio . Come in , Tarrant . Hold that order , Slave . TARRANT : Soolin , we 're almost finished here . Tell him if he doesn 't get the hell out , we 're certainly finished here . SOOLIN : Tarrant , we think Scorpio has been spotted . Teleport up now . I 'm sorry , Soolin , we 're not receiving you very clearly . AVON : Tarrant ! Tarrant ! Listen ... Let 's go . - Tarrant ! Tarrant ! - It 's no use , he 's cut off . - Damn . - Well , that is it . With those ships out there , we can 't wait . They might not be looking for us . Are you crazy ? You said yourself that was a search formation . They haven 't picked up Tarrant , so why have they assumed a ship 's out here ? Just a minute . Orac , that message from Space Centre , how was it relayed here ? Through Terminal 4006 . - The terminal on Helotrix . - Of course , Avon . - That is the nearest terminal to our position . - That 's it . They must have intercepted the transmission . Computer logic . The nearest terminal . So Orac 's thick , we all know that . Let 's move ! - I 'm going in under them . - What ? We 'll go down to cloud level . If we stay between them and the planet , we may not show up on their scanners . Once we 're below them we 'll be cut off . We won 't stand a chance ! Slave , give me manual control . I 'm banking on them searching outwards , not inwards . - And if you 're wrong ? - If I 'm wrong you can say , " I told you so " , provided you speak loudly and quickly . The entrance to the old monorail must be somewhere in this area . Probably underneath all that rubble . Must be just beyond the next ridge , near where the armoury used to stand . Hunda , someone up there . Cover ! It 's all right . I know them . Right . The raid 's off . - Why ? - We 've been tricked . Leitz is a double agent . If you go into that monorail , you 're good as dead , but you could go in where we came out . We 'd be picked off before we got anywhere near the terminal . Hunda , if you issue your men with these , you 'll have a fighting chance . What are they ? Some new drug that counters the effects of their medical lasers . They should be entering the tunnel now . We 'll let them get well in , then blow every charge . Make it as easy as possible for the poor devils . - We have an entry signal , sir , square 4K . - Square 4K . Must be a feint to draw attention from their main attack . They look to be coming through in some strength for a feint , General . They 're moving towards the terminal . We 'll cut them off on the concourse . Tell Commissioner Sleer I 'll need a full troop of guards . I want to see this . You coming , Quute ? - What about the tunnel , sir ? - Blow every charge now . ( Beeping ) You were right , Tarrant . That was the monorail . Let 's move . Put down your guns . Servalan ! Now ! You see , I told you , Quute . They 're marvellous fighters , especially at close quarters . She got away . It was Servalan , wasn 't it ? Well , we both saw her , and she seemed to recognise us . Tarrant to Scorpio . We 're ready for teleport . About time . Stand by to teleport . Slave , where are those cruisers now ? Sector 12 , Master . You outmanoeuvred them with consummate skill . Thank you . Set a direct course for base , maximum speed . Teleport operating . What are you smirking about ? Do you realise we 've got half the Federation battle fleet looking for us ? The next time either of you pull a stunt like that , I warn you it may prove fatal . We 've just seen an old friend of yours . - An implacable old friend . - Servalan . - Servalan ? - I thought you said she was dead . - TARRANT : We did . - But she 's not . She 's very much alive . - You tricked me , Forbus . - No , Sleer , I assure you . You did something to that last batch of Pylene-50 . I did nothing . Nothing at all . Look , let me show you the test sample . I 'm going to cut off your drug supply for three days . - That means you 'll die about another 10 % . - Oh , no . Please , don 't do that . - Look , this is the test sample . - I told you ... ( Groans ) I 'm not interested . I 'll teach you to obey me , Forbus , if I have to destroy all your skinny little body . If you need a witness , Commissioner , I can swear it was self-defence . What are you doing here ? I followed you from the concourse . Those two off-worlders seemed very anxious to find you as well . They seemed to think they recognised you . Really ? And of course , Practor recognised you as well , didn 't he ? That 's why you killed him . - What do you want , Leitz ? - The Presidency . Anything is possible . Well , after all , somebody has to take Practor 's place . You could use your influence , I 'm sure . And of course , you 'd know your secret would be safe with me ... Servalan . I 'm sure it would . But I don 't submit to blackmail . There 's always a first time . And it 's better than being executed . After all , how many people have you killed to conceal your secret ? You mean now ? Twenty-six ... so far . You can 't afford not to believe me , Avon . - How the hell did she get off the Liberator ? - I don 't know . Look , we both saw her . It was Servalan . You 're just running away from the truth . All right , I believe you . I didn 't want her to die like that anyway . I need ... to kill her myself .
