 All main drives and boosters running . SLAVE : All explosive devices have functioned correctly , Master . The base complex has been totally destroyed . Thank you , Slave . - I never liked that place anyway . - Especially not once the wine ran out . You know , I still don 't think Zukan told the Federation . - About the wine ? - About the location of the base . Why not ? Wouldn 't you expect someone who 'd betray his own daughter to betray everything else ? And if he didn 't , one of the others will , sooner or later . Sooner , definitely . Your anti-Federation alliance wasn 't worth spit without Zukan . - A slight exaggeration . - You think so ? Nobody is indispensable . You needed a figurehead . He was it . Or am I wrong ? You are right . But then figureheads aren 't too difficult to come by . Any idiot can be one . On your feet , Vila . This could be your big moment . Any idiot within reason , that is . You going to tell us what we 've got planned , Avon ? We know what we 've got planned . Running away is what we 've got planned . A strategic withdrawal is what we 've got planned . There 's a difference ? Oh , yes . A strategic withdrawal is running away , but with dignity . So lay in a course and let 's get the dignified hell out of here . - That isn 't the plan anymore , though , is it , Avon ? - I think we can do better . Does that mean safer ? In the end winning is the only safety . It doesn 't mean safer . I didn 't think it would . So what does it mean ? I think we can find ourselves another figurehead . Someone we can use to unify and expand the Rebel Alliance . - Just like that . - More or less . He is strongly identified with rebels , you see ... and very popular with rabbles . They will follow him and he will fight to the last drop of their blood . Idealism is a wonderful thing . All you really need is someone rational to put it to proper use . - Someone like you . - So where do we find this useable idealist ? According to Orac , he is on a frontier planet called Gauda Prime . Gauda Prime ? AVON : You know it ? Yes , I know it . It 's a bad place to be . No self-respecting idealist would be found dead there . I imagine that is what he is trying to avoid . Being found dead anywhere . Look , are you going to stop playing games and tell us who it is , Avon ? It 's Blake , isn 't it ? You think you 've found Blake . ( Twig snapping ) Whoever you are , I 'll share the food . So long as you stop skulking about out there . ( Twig snapping ) You 're not exactly stealthy , are you ? I 've heard quieter troop transporters . ARLEN : You 're looking in the wrong direction . I know . But at least you 're out in the open now , aren 't you ? If this is a trap you won 't live to see it sprung . - Where 'd you get that gun ? - I won it in a lottery . - What do you care ? - I don 't , so long as it wasn 't issued to you . - It 's Federation . - That 's what I mean . Do I look like one of theirs ? I can 't really tell anymore . - You hungry ? - Yes . So am I. - But Servalan told us he was dead . - And you believed her ? She had no reason to lie . She doesn 't need one . It comes quite naturally to her . Like breathing . The last time you went after Blake it was a trap . We were lucky to get out . - Cally didn 't get out . - And Blake wasn 't even there . - Never had been . - Do you take me for a fool ? Only a fool would go to Gauda Prime without a very good reason . Orac , what proof do we have that Blake is on Gauda Prime ? ORAC : That is where his trail ends . What trail ? Explain . The chain of cause and effect amounts to a trail , if you can follow it . I can 't even follow you . Everything has an effect on everything else around it . It is not easy to trace one line through the pattern of infinity ... but in this case , I have . Blake is on Gauda Prime . How long have you known ? Long enough . - Before Zukan . - Oh , yes . And the answer to your next question is , yes ... I would have left Blake where he was and said nothing ... if things had gone according to plan . I must try and work that into the conversation when we meet him . - If we meet him . - Still not convinced ? You tell me what a line through the pattern of infinity is ... and I 'll tell you whether I 'm convinced or not . You sure they were bounty hunters ? Well , it 's not my irresistible charm that keeps them coming . - How long have they been tracking you ? - Long enough . You ask a lot of questions . Try answering one occasionally , maybe I 'll stop . I 've got a better idea . Thanks for the food . You can keep the Federation gun as payment . - There 's no charge . - Arlen pays her debts . I 'll keep the gun . Give me my gun and get down , quick . - I think there were four of them tracking me . - There were . And then there was one . You scum ! Don 't bother calling me names , girl . Not after the killing you 've done . There 's a premium for bringing you back alive , but I 'll kill you if I have to . The price for you dead isn 't bad . I 'm not a greedy man . VILA : I can 't see Blake doing anything like that . My interpretation of the data leaves little room for error . Hunting people for money ? Not him . Avon ? Why ask me ? DAYNA : Because you and Vila know him . We don 't . Could he be a bounty hunter , do you think ? - Does it matter ? - TARRANT : Well , it might . There 's still a price on our heads from the old days . - Not on GP , there isn 't . - GP ? I imagine that is what the locals call Gauda Prime , your home planet . I grew up there , yes . But for a home you need a family . And mine were murdered when the Federation declared Gauda Prime an open planet . A general suspension of the penal code . - That 's right . - DAYNA : You mean there 's no law at all ? It 's the fast way to get resources exploited . In this case , mineral resources . I don 't understand . Neither do I. How does junking the law speed up mining ? GP was an agricultural world . The settlers were sent there to grow crops , raise timber . They were farmers , my family among them . They were given title to the land . Then somebody discovered there was more profit under the ground than on top of it . Only the farmers were in the way and the law was on their side . Hence the open planet designation . What , get rid of the law you get rid of the problem ? You seem to know a lot about it . Orac is an excellent research tool . Do you imagine I would take us in blind ? You 've done it before . What happened to your family ? When the mining corporations moved in the farmers moved out . - Those that didn 't were murdered . - And it wasn 't even a crime . Oh , yes , it was a crime all right . It just wasn 't illegal . - That 's what I meant . - I hope so . The planet must have been a draw for every crook and killer in the quadrant . A lot of people made a lot of money . Some even lived to enjoy it . I imagine they are the ones who now want the planet returned to normal legal status . - You 're not serious . - Orac ? A formal application was laid before the High Council on Earth within the last 30 days . - I could get you the exact date . - SLAVE : I don 't wish to interrupt , Master ... - Then kindly don 't . - I wasn 't talking to you . You were attempting to override a superior system . Be silent . ... the exact date , if you wish . But the importance of the application lies not in its exact date , but in its general requirements . Which are ? That the citizens of Gauda Prime put their house in order . Law must be established before the benefits of law can be restored . It is the day of the bounty hunter . Thieves , killers , mercenaries ... psychopaths are as unwelcome now as the farmers once were . ( Alarm sounding ) - Slave , what 's wrong ? - Well , nothing is actually wrong , sir , yet . Explain the alarm , Slave . I had to get your attention , Master , and I was forbidden to speak unless spoken to . All right , you 're spoken to . What is it ? I beg to advise you , Master , that we are approaching the planet Gauda Prime . And Scorpio is under attack . How much further to your flyer ? - I can 't walk any further . - Yes , you can . Why don 't you just kill me ? I told you . You 're worth more alive . Get up , girl . Arlen . My name is Arlen . That 's the name they 're paying for . That 's right . I made them pay for it . So use it , scum . Blake . My name is Roj Blake . - Who the hell are they ? - Who the hell cares ? - They could be making a mistake . - It doesn 't seem to affect their aim . Burnout on drive two . Overall power loss is 32 % . Alignment on three and four is drifting . This won 't hold it for long . - Have we shaken any of them off ? - Not exactly . Not remotely . There 's four more coming on 023 . And two more on the reciprocal bearing . They 'll have us in strike range in 25 seconds . We 're running out of options . Power-dive the atmosphere . Fake it . Make it look as though we 're out of control . TARRANT : I may not have to fake that . Do it ! All right , everybody , stand by for a rather sudden visit to Gauda Prime . - They 're not following us down . - They 're breaking away , all of them . - They 're falling for it . - So are we . - It was a calculated risk . - What 's wrong ? There isn 't enough power to get us back out . Or enough control to land . - You mean we really are going to crash ? - No wonder they were convinced . - There must be something we can do ! - I 'll accept suggestions . - How does " abandon ship " grab you ? - Well , it 's a neat trick if you can do it . We can use the teleport . - He 's right . - DAYNA : What , at this speed ? Do you want to wait around until we hit something soft ? Come on , you 're wasting time . - Another calculated risk ? - Try and get the sums right this time . - Are you ready ? - No , but do it anyway ! Good luck . ( High-pitched roaring ) Orac , on my order , I want you to operate the teleport . Very well . But the previous coordinates can only be matched approximately . - Come on , Tarrant . - I can 't . What ? If I leave the controls for a second , she 'll flip over and break up . Slave , take over the flight controls . I am most humbly sorry , Master , but I can find no flight controls . It dropped below his tolerance a couple of minutes ago . It 's only a computer , Avon . It takes talent to fly a dead ship . Look , there 's nothing you can do . You 're not a good enough pilot . I can see that . So get the hell out of here , will you ? There 's no point in both of us dying . - Are you ready , Orac ? - Of course I am . Then do it . Goodbye , Tarrant . ( High-pitched roaring ) Slave , any crash systems still functioning put them online . Yes , sir . Am I to understand that you are going to try and ground the ship , sir ? I 'm going to turn it first . The ground is very close , sir . I know that ! ( High-pitched roaring ) ( Tarrant screaming ) All right , Orac , where is the nearest settlement and how do I get to it ? Checks are finished . She is who you say she is . I wouldn 't have brought her in if I hadn 't made sure . You 're good at this , aren 't you ? I 'm still alive . According to her three of your erstwhile colleagues no longer share that happy condition . Happy condition ? - She says you killed one of them . - So ? Was it necessary ? - Yes , Deva , it was necessary . - One bounty hunter killing another ? It 's a competitive profession . That isn 't funny . Neither was Tando . Tando ? Oh , it was Tando you killed . - Does it make a difference ? - Well , he 's worse than the people he hunted . - He didn 't have a price on him , though , did he ? - It was only a matter of time . Isn 't everything ? Who 's next on the list ? Thank you . ( Electronic beeping ) - Deva . - It 's Klyn . Yes , Klyn ? We 've been tracking a ship that tried to run the blockade . Did it get through ? There was a full squadron of gunships on its tail when it hit the atmosphere . - It didn 't , then . - Bits of it , maybe . What was it ? Do you know ? A planet-hopper from the scope reading . Might have been Wanderer class . We estimate it must have crashed somewhere in Plantation Five . - Do you want a search patrol sent out ? - No , just log it . Right . - Chalk up another one to law and order . - Smuggler , do you think ? Something like that . Do you know it 's getting so you can 't make a dishonest living on this planet anymore ? That is the object of the exercise . I wonder if those gunships challenged him before they opened fire . I doubt it . Um ... These two . - Plantation Five , did she say ? - Yes . I might just take a swing out in that direction , see if there 's anything left . You 'll be wasting time . I 'll bear that in mind . Last known locations and probable movements for both subjects , - and official authorization to hunt them . - Thank you . ( Electronic beeping ) You 've been given a temporary appointment as a law enforcement officer . That central computer doesn 't care who it makes respectable , does it ? It 's an inferior model , I 'm afraid . - I 'll be in touch if I find that ship . - Time really is getting short , you know . The representative from the Federation High Council could come at any moment . We can 't afford mistakes . I wasn 't intending to make any . The bounty hunter is on his way up . Make sure his flyer is fuelled and ready to leave , will you ? MAN : Right . I 'll check it . Arlen . Have you anything to say before I decide what to do with you ? - I have information . - What information ? - For my life . - What information ? It 's about the man who brought me here . What about him ? ( Distress beacon sounding ) - Is there a problem ? - Someone 's operating a distress beacon . - It 's on the official frequency . - Nothing in it for me , then . Outlaws tend not to use distress beacons . I assume you have given some thought to how you will explain your presence here . Not to mention my impersonation of an official distress beacon . Just keep sending , Orac . I don 't particularly want to spend the night out here . You may have to . There is very little daylight left . And search parties are unlikely to operate in this terrain at night . Stick to the distress beacon , Orac . When I want your impersonation of a pain , I will let you know . Oh , charming . - Really charming . - Oh , stop moaning , Vila . It 's better than spending a night in the open . Are you serious ? The state the roof 's in it 's the same as spending a night in the open . Well , if you 'd prefer the trees , feel free to go . Don 't let us stop you . I 'd prefer a city , but I 'd accept a town . In fact , I 'd settle for some indication we weren 't the only people left alive in this miserable tree sanctuary . Look , why don 't you go and collect some firewood ? Because it 's dark out there . - Surely you 're not afraid of the dark ? - Only when it 's unilluminated . - What 's that ? - All right , Vila , you 've made your point . No , listen . ( High-pitched whining ) - What is it ? - Flyer , coming fast . - Flyer , as in transport ? - As in transport . - Let 's get out there and attract their attention . - Wait a minute , Vila . That 's the sound of civilisation . - Not necessarily . - It 's got to be better than this ! I wouldn 't bet my life on it ! ( High-pitched whining fading ) - They might have been friendly . - They might have come to apologise ... for shooting down Scorpio , but it doesn 't seem likely , does it ? All right . So who do you think they were , Soolin ? I 've no idea , Vila . But one thing I do know , if you want to survive on this planet you have to assume that everyone is out to get you . I always assume that wherever I go . The difference is on Gauda Prime you 'll be right . Sir ? Are you still not awake , sir ? I would be most grateful if you could try to stir yourself and listen to my report . My emergency power cells are virtually exhausted , I 'm afraid . There is a flying vehicle approaching , sir . I 'm sorry , but I will have to close down now . Crash damage and power loss make it impossible for me to continue . May I express the humble hope that the same is not true for you , Tarrant . ( High-pitched whining ) BLAKE : Lie still . Who 's that ? Let them think you 're dead . Plasma ammunition is scarce . You 're lucky that you weren 't hit . They won 't want to waste any more . - Who are they ? - Gunrunners . Gunrunners ? - Why would gunrunners be shooting at me ? - They 're not . They 're shooting at me . ( High-pitched whining ) ( Explosion ) AVON : I wouldn 't do that , if I were you . What happened ? Avon ? The fire was stupid . Putting Vila on guard was suicidal . What 's the matter ? Is staying alive too complicated for you ? It 's beginning to look that way . How did you get here ? I teleported and I walked , just like you did . Is he dead ? No more than usual . He 'll recover . - What about them ? - They 're dead all right . What hit me ? Don 't worry , Vila , they went for your least vulnerable spot . - Oh , my head . - Exactly . So , who are they ? Bounty hunters . I did warn you there were a lot of them about . You didn 't say the woods were full of them . Do you know how they found us ? They have heat tracers in their flyer . At night the equipment is sensitive enough to pick up normal body heat within a radius of two miles . You can imagine what they made of that . Their inboard computer almost rejected the data as too gross to be correct . Did you find out what they were doing in this area , Orac ? They came to investigate my distress signals , naturally . Naturally . You wouldn 't have set us up , by any chance , would you , Avon ? Now that is an unattractive idea . I really could be quite annoyed , if I thought we 'd been the bait in a trap you 'd laid for them , Avon . Where 's Tarrant ? I had no idea it was you . And it shouldn 't have been . As a matter of interest , you 've been walking in the wrong direction if you want to get out of this forest . I asked where Tarrant was . Still , that 's no longer a problem . We just inherited a flyer . Avon , if you 're here and Orac 's here , how did Tarrant get off the ship ? ( Tarrant coughing ) You feeling better ? A little . Whose ship is this ? Why ? You thinking of making an offer for it ? - Want to tell me your name , then ? - Not particularly . I did just save your life . You just saved your life . It was you they wanted , if you remember . Actually , it was these they wanted . They had some quaint idea I was going to pay for a consignment of arms in advance . I had some quaint idea they were trying to cheat me . Yes , well , it 's difficult to tell who you can trust these days . But as tests go , isn 't that and this a bit obvious ? Maybe . It 's getting light . Shall we go ? Why did they land it so far away ? Presumably they thought the noise would alert someone . In your case they could have put it down on the roof without any trouble . ORAC : Avon , the other flyer has just lifted off . The other flyer ? What other flyer , Avon ? Our guide . Come on , we don 't want to lose him . So how far is this base of yours ? We 'll be there soon enough . We 'd be there a lot sooner if your computer stuck to direct line of flight . Is the constant change of direction for my benefit ? No . ORAC : The other flyer appears to be manoeuvring to conceal its true course . - Because of us ? - Not unless the pilot is clairvoyant . Well , why , then ? From the programming of the inboard computer , it is standard procedure . Just keep monitoring . - A random programme ? - It 's an old smuggler 's trick . Did you learn it from an old smuggler ? No , from a young one , actually . Her name was Jenna . - What happened to her ? - She tried to run the blockade once too often . Happens to all of them eventually . - You made the capture ? - Nobody made the capture . She hit the self-destruct . And when it blew , she took half a squadron of gunships with her . Brace yourself . - How does it feel to be home ? - I wouldn 't know . ORAC : The target flyer has entered an underground silo . Can you pinpoint it exactly ? I can do better than that . Aren 't you always ? My capacities are frequently underutilised , it 's true . Just tell us what you 're offering , Orac . When we reach the appropriate coordinates , I can simulate the necessary signals to open the silo and allow this flyer to enter . - Sounds good . - No , it isn 't . Sooner or later we 're going to drop into one of these holes in the ground and never come out . Sooner or later everyone does that , Vila . - You still on watch ? - I decided to stay on . There 's too much activity up there somehow . - Like what ? - I don 't know . It 's not something I can pin down precisely . One or two transports have crossed without clearance , some flyers that weren 't planned for the area , that sort of thing . Could be the Federation 's observers finally arrived , of course . Yes , that 's probably it . Gauda Prime seems to give law and order a certain priority . You could say that . Is that the main control centre ? Deva can tell you more about that than I can . Well , now , bounty hunter , that was a short trip , even by your standards . Short , but profitable . Even by my standards . Was it something I said ? - Who is he ? - His name is Tarrant . Your flight computer mentioned it whilst you were unconscious . Tarrant . I wouldn 't run it through the computer just yet , Deva . You see , this one has a very high Federation price on his head . Are you sure ? Give the man credit for knowing his trade , dirty though it is . He also has several associates with Federation prices , and one of them is particularly valuable . And all of them are particularly dead . In which case , that other flyer was merely a coincidence . A coincidence , however , that might just have analysed a random flight programme . And the significance of that is ? A very useful device called Orac . Why don 't you sit down , Tarrant ? BLAKE : If it is Avon we shouldn 't have much longer to wait . Doesn 't it occur to you to wonder where he 's got all this information from ? - Give the man credit for knowing his trade . - Oh , surely you 're not that naive . You 're wasting your breath , Tarrant . ( Electronic beeping ) - Yes ? - KLYN : There 's a flyer just put down in the silo . It had all the right signals , but it isn 't one of ours . Let them through . Let them through . Is that wise ? We don 't want them damaged , do we ? Get me one security guard . I 'll deal with it . Send a security guard to my office , will you ? What on earth happened to you ? Oh , most of it wasn 't on Earth , Tarrant . Not what happened to me . - Do you want him killed ? - No , of course not . When he knows as much about this as you do now , he 'll join us , like you did . - He passed the test , then . - I 'm satisfied . These stupid games you insist on playing , Blake , will get someone killed eventually . - I have to test each one myself . - No , you don 't have to ! I set up systems for that . I broke the security codes on their central computer . I got us access to official channels , information , everything we could possibly need ! You don 't need to be involved at all . All right , I find it difficult to trust . It 's a failing , I admit ! And any one of our people could select the people you 've collected . You don 't need to do the bounty hunter routine either . Indulge me . Do I have a choice ? Oh , there 's always a choice , Deva . Not for me , there isn 't . I 'd said I 'd follow you , and I will , until the Federation 's finally destroyed . But if you 're killed , where does that leave us ? With a base , the beginnings of an army . Yes , and all of it useless if you 're not there to lead it . You worry too much , Deva . Somebody has to . It might be an idea for somebody to start worrying about the one we just lost . Why ? He isn 't armed . I didn 't notice that slowing him up . That 's true . Relax , Deva . Nobody 's indispensable . Hey , you . Wait a minute . ( Alarm sounding ) I 'm glad you made it . So am I. Avon , I think he 's here . Security personnel to main tracking gallery . Security personnel to main tracking ... - Is it him ? - It 's him . He 's sold us , Avon . All of us . Even you . - Is it true ? - Avon , it 's me , Blake . Stand still ! Have you betrayed us ? Have you betrayed me ? - Tarrant doesn 't understand . - Neither do I , Blake . - I set all this up ! - Yes . Avon , I was waiting for you . Avon . Blake ! They 've found us . The base is under ... Arlen , what happened ? He happened . Be so kind as to drop your guns , all of you . You and this nest of rebels are now prisoners of the Federation . Your friend Blake said he couldn 't tell anymore who was Federation and who wasn 't . He was right . He couldn 't . - You 're a Federation agent ? - I 'm a Federation officer . Now , look , I 've never been against the Federation . I mean , I 've only ever been along for the ride . I 'm not even armed . You can 't kill me . I 'm completely harmless and armless . Sorry . Avon ! ( Alarm stops ) ( Guns firing )
