 SLAVE : We are now stationary , Master , 10 miles above the planet Malodar . What is the surface analysis , Slave ? Nitrogen , methane and argon predominate . Also traces of free ammonia and sulphur compounds . It is unsuitable for your illustrious life form , Master . He thinks it stinks , too . I make the surface temperature minus 90 to a 100 . - Cold at night then . - You can tell us when you get back . - The message was for you . - I get chilblains , Tarrant . Why not ? Shouldn 't he have some kind of backup , Avon ? That kind of environment ... I was hoping you would volunteer . ( Sighing ) All right , I 'm a volunteer . Do I hear three ? No , I didn 't think I would . You know I like to stick with you , Avon , where it 's safe . Egrorian ? Egrorian ? They 're here ! Come and see . I still think that message was a phoney . Egrorian hasn 't been heard of for 10 years . - I 've never heard of him ever . - Said to have been a genius . Scientists are still trying to understand the Egrorian theory of parallel matter . What happened to him ? He disappeared along with a few million credits from the Space Research Institute . So , he 's a criminal . Aren 't we all ? Except he pulled off a big one . Which is why he 's not sitting on Malodar . - It is a good hideaway . - Hideaway ? If I got my hands on that kind of money , I 'd have gone somewhere where I could enjoy it . What 's the point in having money if you exist on a lifeless hole like that ? You are forgetting , there is a big difference between you and Egrorian . - He has a brain . - Oh , yeah ? If you had one it might have occurred to you this could be a Federation trap . Well , of course it 's occurred to me . Why do you think I 'm sending Tarrant ? AVON : On the other hand the message could be genuine , in which case Egrorian may want to do a deal with us . And from a man like that , any kind of offer of a deal might be interesting . - Master ? - What is it , Slave ? My humble apology for interrupting your noble thoughts . Just get to the point . Some inferior person is attempting to communicate on the audio . EGRORIAN : Calling Scorpio . This is Egrorian in Malodar Command , calling Scorpio . Egrorian . Egrorian , this is Avon in the privateer Scorpio , calling Egrorian in Malodar Command . We are receiving you , Egrorian , go ahead . Thank you , Avon . I will now give you your instructions . Listen carefully . Failure to follow them to the letter will , I fear , have fatal consequences . That sounds unpleasantly like a threat . It is a threat . Like you , I have a price on my head . So having revealed my little sanctuary , I cannot allow you and your colleagues to leave . Not at any rate until we 've reached an agreement . AVON : The Federation gave up looking for you a long time ago , Egrorian . You are a forgotten man . Possibly . But I have not forgotten them . Now , your instructions . EGRORIAN : I am dispatching my auto shuttle . It will dock with your ship in six minutes . You will board the shuttle alone . It will bring you to my biodome . You will carry no arms . But we don 't need the shuttle . This ship is equipped with a teleport system . I 'm well aware of your ship 's capability , but I insist that you use the shuttle . - And if I don 't agree ? - You will agree , Avon . I 've explained the alternative . I cannot let you go . Besides , confess that you are intrigued . Otherwise you wouldn 't have traversed three star systems to be here . ( Switching off communicator ) He 's bluffing . Possibly , but somehow I don 't think so . And he 's quite right . We 've come rather a long way to find out what he has to offer . All right , Egrorian , I 'll take the shuttle , but I never travel alone . Alone and unarmed , those are my conditions . Are you alone , Egrorian ? Yes . Apart from my assistant . Then I shall bring my assistant to watch yours . That is my condition . You are in no position to make conditions , Avon . Egrorian , you sent me a message asking for this meeting . Therefore you want something from me . I believe that gives me some power . Very well . One colleague , unarmed . And remember , Avon , I designed the weapon-detection scan we have here . That means it 's infallible . I 'm sure it is . One other thing , Egrorian , have you also developed an infallible video-transmit ? Naturally . Then switch it on . I want to be certain you are who you say you are . You are a cautious man , Avon . Well , that 's a habit I 'm hoping to live with . I too am cautious . The Federation monitor video signals from all parts of the galaxy . The auto shuttle is leaving now . ( Communicator switching off ) - Pressurise the rest of the ship . - Right . - SOOLIN : All forward sections pressurised . - All right . - Vila , let 's get to the airlock . - Me ? Well , who else ? After all , you always say you feel safe with me . - I 'm not the type for this sort of thing , Avon . - Why not ? This Egrorian , you said he was some kind of genius . They said he was supposed to be some time back . That 's what I mean . Living alone all these years , you don 't know what he 's like now . - These super brains often go pop , don 't they ? - That 's true . - He could be dangerous , Avon . - There is a chance , I suppose . So he 's gonna need careful handling . You want someone with tact . - I mean , you know me . - Oh , yes , I think so . Blunt , always speaking my mind , I 'm just the sort to upset him . Well , you 'll just have to try not to , won 't you ? You should take one of the girls , Avon . Hey , why not ? A girl might , you know , interest him . He 's probably forgotten what they look like . Vila , if I didn 't know you better I would think you were trying to get out of this . VILA : I 'm only thinking of what 's best . Besides , if I stayed on Scorpio I could keep an eye on Tarrant . You need someone you can trust . What 's that ? That 's Tarrant following orders . Egrorian wants the ship to stand off in deep space . He didn 't waste much time ditching us , did he ? Anyway , I don 't see the point of it . Well , presumably Egrorian wants the ship out of teleport range . - He does not trust us . - That 's mutual . Yes , of course . But I have brought a little insurance . Get rid of that thing . You heard him say he 's got a weapons scan ! In the biodome , not in here . AVON : Just in case we need it . You really think things through , don 't you , Avon ? If we do need it , we won 't have time to get it . Well , then , let 's hope we don 't need it . Far enough , I think . Slave , shut down the drive and stabilise on these vectors . It will be my humble pleasure . I exist only to serve you , illustrious sir . Thank you . It doesn 't exist , it just functions . Still holding the shuttle , Soolin ? Yes . Not too easy at this range . Yeah , well , don 't lose it . We need to get a precise fix on Egrorian 's base . Why ? You think we might have to drop in on him ? Heavily . I did a course at the Space Institute not long after Egrorian disappeared . The rumour was that he 'd been helped in his getaway by someone at the very highest level . Servalan ? But why should she want to help Egrorian ? Why should Egrorian want to see Avon ? You think there could be a connection ? When Servalan does anyone a favour , she wants repaying with interest . I 'm just wondering if Avon 's the interest . Shuttle 's landed , Tarrant . I 've got the coordinates . Good . EGRORIAN : Stand in the cylinders , please . Well ? - It 's green . - Good . - I 've forgotten . - No , you haven 't forgotten , Pinder . Red is dead . - Green is ? - Clean ? There you are , you see , you haven 't forgotten . Come in , please . This is a great honour for us . Don 't we feel honoured , Pinder ? You see ? Pinder is quite overwhelmed . I fear he 's not adept at the social graces . Merely a gauche adolescent when I took him under my wing , weren 't you , Pinder ? Adolescent ? Just a callow youth , but with a mind of great promise . Truly original mathematicians , unhappily , soon burn themselves out on the anvil of creation . I 'm pleased to make your acquaintance , ma 'am . I think he 's talking to you . Thank you , Pinder , go back to your place . I fear language doesn 't come easily to him . He thinks mainly in symbols . - Doesn 't he have symbols for men and women ? - Apparently not . Can I offer you some refreshment ? Everything here is reconstituted , of course , but it remains palatable . We came here to talk , Egrorian . And so we shall . Do sit down . We 'll have to clear a place , I 'm afraid . There , now . Which one of you is Avon ? I am . That is Vila . Surprisingly , you don 't look like the ruthless desperados of legend . But you have , of course , killed a great many people . Only in the pursuit of liberty . " O Liberty ! O Liberty ! " What crimes are committed in your name ! " - Do you know the source ? - No . No , why should you ? Natural leaders are rarely encumbered with intelligence . Greed , egotism , animal cunning and viciousness are the important attributes . Qualities I detect in you in admirably full measure . I didn 't come here to be flattered . You came out of curiosity and because you scented there might be something in it for you . Am I right ? Close enough . Now , then , Avon , what would you say if I offered you mastery of the galaxy ? I would say thank you . For a whole galaxy ? Come on , Avon , show the man some gratitude . You think my mind is addled ? No , no , it 's just we don 't get offered galaxies every day of the week . Pinder , prepare the demonstration . Do you know anything about tachyons ? Theoretical particles that travel faster than the speed of light . They are not theoretical anymore . Come , I 'll show you . This is a tachyon funnel . I realised the potential of such a machine during my early research into the behaviour of parallel matter . It has taken me half a lifetime to build . - What does it do ? - It destroys things . Instantly and completely and at any range . It is the ultimate engine of destruction . EGRORIAN : You are now looking at a lunar satellite of Porthodos , which is in the next constellation to this one , some 17 light years distant . That is our target , and this is the destruct button . EGRORIAN : Now , Avon , what do you say ? Perhaps the idea of ruling the galaxy doesn 't seem quite so absurd . Why are you offering it to us ? Because I want to see the Federation crushed , Avon , and you would do it ruthlessly . With a weapon like that you can destroy it yourself . Simply destroying it is not enough . Nature abhors a vacuum . It must be replaced by another command structure . As leader of the anti-Federation alliance , you will be in a position to take over the channels of command , something of which I have no interest , let alone ability . Then what are you getting out of it ? Satisfaction . Revenge . Do you imagine I wanted to spend the prime of my years in this grinding desolation ? No , it was those jealous parvenus of the Science Board , resentful of my success and my achievement who forced me to abscond . They voted against funding my tachyon-funnel project , and so I want to see them brought low , I want to see them rot ! I can fix that . I 'll personally nail them to posts and send you the pictures . Thank you , Vila . EGRORIAN : But when the Federation is broken , I shall return to Earth to continue my work . Oh ! There 's one other thing I 'd like from you . - Yes ? - Orac . Sorry . That computer is a vital part of our defence . It keeps us one step ahead of the Federation . But with the tachyon funnel you won 't need a defence . Come now . The ultimate computer in exchange for the ultimate weapon . Why do you want Orac ? Because I have other projects under development . It would be an invaluable help . I 've no doubt I could design an Orac myself , but duplicating the work of others is a waste of time . I 've got much to do . - Avon , it 's got to be a good deal . - I know . Listen , all we have to do is point this thing at somebody 's head . We can have anything we want . Anything ! - Checkmate , Egrorian ! - How dare you ! Checkmate ! Checkmate ! Recall the last six moves . How can you tell the king from the queen ? What ? You miserable little cheat ! Can you feel your extensor muscle tearing ? Can you feel your humerus grating against your radius ? Just a little more , a little more . Now you 're feeling it , aren 't you ? All right , Egrorian , it 's a deal . I 'm so pleased . Tarrant , we 've got a heat flare on the ground observation screen . - It could be the shuttle . - Or a missile . Here , keep a scan on . Sir , your most illustrious colleague , Avon , wishes to communicate . Yes , Avon . Tarrant , we 're coming up . Bring the ship down to rendezvous with us at 300 miles . On our way . - It certainly takes some getting used to . - What does ? Knowing we 've finally cracked it . - All I want now is to find a way of living forever . - Hmm . All we have to do is knock out a few planets for target practice , then name our own terms . We can have whatever we want ! - Think of it . - Yes . I 'll have an imperial palace with solid diamond floors , and a bodyguard of a 1,000 handpicked virgins in red fur uniforms . Vila 's Royal Mounties . You 're dreaming again . A man has a right to dream . Anyway , what 's to stop us ? I suppose it will get boring after the first 50 years , eh ? What 's the matter with you ? I was thinking about Pinder , and the way he said , " Pleased to make your acquaintance , ma 'am . " Is that worrying you ? Listen , if it 'll set your mind at rest , I never thought you were a woman . He said it as though it were a phrase he had been taught . Maybe Egrorian gives him lessons in etiquette as well as judo . Or perhaps he has been taught that is the way to address a stranger . Servalan , for instance . Servalan ? She wouldn 't do any deals with Egrorian . He 's like us , outside the Federation . We know how much she would like to get her hands on Orac . Not enough to hand us a weapon like the tachyon funnel . No . That 's why this time , Vila , I think we have to play this one very cagily . - It went well , Highness . - It did not ! That fool of yours made Avon suspicious . He accepted it as a simple slip of the tongue . Any slip is dangerous when one is dealing with Avon . But he took the bait ! He 's bringing Orac here . - After that , my plan is infallible . - I hope so , Egrorian . I 've waited a long time for this . His death is a mathematical certainty . The product of a simple equation . It would be so easy now to train the tachyon funnel on Scorpio . They 'd be dead in a millisecond . But Orac would be destroyed , too . My scheme gives you possession of both the computer and the tachyon funnel . With both , no dream is impossible . Supreme ruler again , Highness , with me constantly by your side . Your most loyal and , dare I say it , loving consort . When I regain power you will be well rewarded . I shall appoint you my Chief Minister for Science . Servalan , my steel queen , my empress , the only reward I crave is a place in your affections . But you already have that , Egrorian ! Ten years ago I risked my position to help you continue your work . And not a day has passed since then that I have not yearned for the time when I would be able to repay your trust by laying all the world and the galaxy at your feet . Oh , get up ! All I wanted in return was a little kindness . So , you want to barter the tachyon funnel for a partnership . A connubial partnership , Servalan . Why not ? Alone you are formidable enough , but together we would stand like mountains . I have never shared power with anyone . The tachyon funnel is power , and I don 't have to share it with anyone , not even you . But I am a man of generous nature , especially in matters of the heart . It will be time enough to discuss the future , Egrorian , when you deliver both Orac and the tachyon funnel . I , too , can be generous . But just remember , I punish failure as quickly as I reward success . I could see Avon was out of his depth , so I said , " Tachyons are particles that travel faster than light . " - That shook him . - Oh , I can imagine . Oh , yes , once he realised he was dealing with someone who knew a bit about the subject his manner changed completely . How does this tachyon funnel actually work , Vila ? - How does it work ? - Yes . Unless you can grasp the laws of parallel physics , it 's not easy to explain . I see . Tell us about the laws of parallel physics , Vila . Soolin , the only thing you ever grasped was a gun . Do you want to get brain damage ? The way I see it , if you can understand parallel physics , anyone can . Unlike some people around here , I don 't boast about my abilities . - I keep them hidden . - You certainly do . Orac is loaded , Vila . We 're ready to go . Avon , is it really worth losing Orac for this new weapon ? I don 't see that we have a lot of choice . If we say no deal , Egrorian can destroy this ship faster than you can snap your fingers . And how do you guarantee he won 't anyway once you 've delivered Orac ? We have no guarantee . But if he tried that he must know that we would kill them . - But you 've no guns . - You haven 't seen those two . They are old and they are decrepit , especially Pinder . Vila could handle him on his own . - Pinder 's old ? - Late seventies . Why ? After you 'd gone , I got Orac to do us one last service . This is a printout from central records , all that 's known about Egrorian . - Interesting reading ? - Yeah , very interesting . After he vanished , they started finding the bodies . - He was never a simple scientist , Avon . - What was he ? Power mad from his earliest days . He was at the centre of a conspiracy to take over the Federation . This is the man who says he wants to spend the rest of his life in the advancement of science . - The other interesting thing is Pinder . - What about him ? He was a mathematical prodigy apparently . He was 18 when he disappeared with Egrorian , 10 years ago . Now I 'm not a mathematical prodigy , but it seems to me that makes him 28 . ( Communicator pinging ) Yes ? EGRORIAN : All is well , Highness . The shuttle has just separated from Scorpio . Good . I 'll be watching on the monitor when they arrive . - Is everything prepared ? - Everything . Including the loading-bay programme ? Has that been checked ? - Yes , Egrorian . - You 're sure , Pinder ? The automatics must work perfectly . Once they 've arrived we shall have no opportunity to make corrections . I am sure , Egrorian . Nothing can go wrong . Nothing can go wrong . Everything is planned to the last decimal place . Then why , suddenly , do I feel uneasy ? Somehow , some way , he is going to double-cross us . His whole history proves it . - Then let 's not give him the chance . - What 's in your mind ? Hit first . We carry Orac in , then jump them . We break their necks , grab the tachyon funnel , and out . He will have thought of that . We touch that thing before it 's disconnected , it is liable to blow up in our faces . - Do you have any better ideas ? - Not at the moment . Then start thinking . We touch down in four minutes . The last time we landed , we came in on the ancillary pad . The main pad is on the other side of the dome . So ? Nearly all these survival stations were designed with two pads . But the main pad is more convenient , especially when handling cargo . What are you getting at ? I 'm just wondering if the main pad is already occupied . That could account for the fact that we were directed to the ancillary . Well , if it is you won 't see much . These things kick up far too much dust . You 're thinking of Servalan again . She is never far from my thoughts . Tarrant ! There 's a second ship down there ! What ? Are you sure ? Yes , I just picked up a latent heat trace , and it wasn 't from the shuttle . Then Egrorian 's got company . - Company that arrived before we did . - The Federation ? Somehow I don 't feel that 's likely , not after reading his record . Look , was his connection with Servalan mentioned in there ? It was just a rumour at the time . If it ever got on the record , it 's been erased since . She 'd have seen to that . But you still think she could be behind Egrorian ? If she is , Avon 's walking into more trouble than he 's bargained for . Unarmed , Egrorian . Admit them . Hello , Pinder . How 's the arm ? Come in , my friends ! Pinder , answer the question . ( Stammering ) Well . Thank you for asking . Very good . Splendid . Yes , his arm knitted perfectly after a few minutes in the therapy chamber . Goes in there regularly , I suppose . Naughty boys must be punished , mustn 't they , Pinder ? - Is that Orac ? - It is . Smaller than I imagined . Nevertheless , you should have put it on the cargo loader . Come and put it over here . Now , you realise I must satisfy myself that it is the genuine machine . Before we do that , I should like to see the tachyon funnel disconnected . You really are an excessively cautious person , and so mistrustful . That is because Orac has read your security file on central records . Disconnect the funnel , Pinder . Lies ! All lies ! Base and perfidious slander ! I never conspired . I swear this is nothing but a tissue of falsehood and calumny designed by my enemies to blacken my reputation . - If Servalan has read this , I hope she ... - Why do you mention Servalan ? What ? Well , she was the head of Federation when these fabrications were compiled . - Didn 't you hear she was dead ? - Ah , yes . But then I was told she had assumed a new identity . One never knows what to believe these days . Anyway , this is ... This is a load of distortion and rubbish , and when I return to Earth - I shall hound down those responsible and ... - Break their arms ? I suggest we get on . Tachyon funnel is disconnected . Place Orac here . Orac . What was the subject of my degree thesis at Belhangria University ? ( Machine humming ) Orac , what was the subject of my degree thesis at Belhangria University ? Your paper E / 9 / 6044 was on particle physics and dealt specifically with the properties of rissions . It was marked Beta-plus , Egrorian . Only beta-plus , Egrorian ? Pinder , you 're to be seen and not heard , remember ? If Orac has a fault , it is the tendency to give more information than is requested . Or less information than requested . But seldom just the information that is requested . That degree was subsequently rescinded for gross misconduct ... That 's enough , Orac ! Have you heard enough or do you want to run another test ? No . No , I 'm satisfied that the computer does all that is claimed for it . Pinder , take the funnel down to the cargo loader . Give him a hand , Vila . Are you still suspicious , Avon ? A lesser man than myself might find that offensive . Pinder doesn 't look very strong . Is he really only 28 ? - Alas , yes . - What happened ? An unfortunate accident . - You 've heard of Hoffal 's radiation ? - No . Ah . Hoffal had a unique mind . Over a century ago he predicted most of the properties that would be found in neutron material . - Neutron material ? - Material from a neutron star . That is a giant sun which has collapsed and become so tightly compressed that its electrons and protons combine , making neutrons . I don 't need a lecture in astrophysics . When neutrons are subjected to intense magnetic force they form Hoffal 's radiation . Poor Pinder was subjected for less than a millionth of a second . He aged 50 years in as many seconds . And my golden-haired stripling ... became a silver-haired dotard . Sad , isn 't it ? But then one , one has to face such hazards when exploring new frontiers ! So neutrons are part of the tachyon funnel ? Eight of them form the core of the accelerator . Your shuttle should be ready by now , shall we see ? Pinder . VILA : He 's gone for a lie down . All that walking exhausted him . Is everything to your satisfaction , Vila ? Everything 's ready to go , including me . There you are , Avon . Everything is safely stowed aboard and under the guard of the estimable Vila . Little morbid sense of humour , hasn 't he ? One could become very fond of that young man . Oh , I 'll tell him that . Please do . When the Federation is broken , tell him I 'd like to renew our acquaintance in more pleasant surroundings . The shuttle 's leaving . Already ? Well , I 'll be damned . That means he 's got away with it . Got away with what ? - You mean the tachyon funnel ? - Not just the tachyon funnel . Mach six and rising . Damn it , Avon , we 've done it , we 've done it ! Yes , I really think we have . I 'd have given odds Egrorian would try to pull something . - What 's the escape velocity of this thing ? - I don 't know . Why don 't you ask Orac ? Orac . I want the names of all those who compiled central records file number 15 / 9 / 834 . That report was baseless , Highness . I 've asked Orac to identify my traducers . Don 't concern yourself , Egrorian . I encourage ambition . I never conspired against you , I swear it ! Orac , acknowledge my instructions . - I don 't understand . - Remove the key . You pathetic fool . That isn 't Orac ! - Highness , I asked ... - Look at it ! It 's just a box of flashing lights ! I warned you about Avon , and he still tricked you . I will kill you for this . - So what was that we gave to Egrorian ? - Orac , mark two . Just a replica I made a few months back . Contingency planning , Vila , and the contingency arose . - But the thing worked . - Well enough to fool Egrorian , anyway . It was fitted with a voice box and a relay station so that the real Orac could run it . You could have got us killed . Why didn 't you tell me ? I didn 't want to make you nervous , Vila . I was nervous enough for the both of us . ORAC : The escape velocity of this vehicle is now confirmed at Mach 15 . And unattainable . What do you mean , " unattainable " ? Mach 15 is unattainable on the present flight configuration . There seems to be some problem with the shuttle . What kind of problem ? The ellipse of the flight path is three degrees lower than it should be . - That 's something like a mile ! - Damn . Something 's gone wrong . That shuttle 's not going to make it . A short-range relay , now I see how they worked it . - A bit late in the day , Egrorian . - Not so . It means that Orac is still on board the shuttle . We 'll be able to recover it after the crash . - Damaged beyond repair , no doubt . - Dented possibly . But the lykenic plaques and tarriel cells are virtually indestructible . Fire is the only danger ... - and we 've assured that that won 't happen . - How ? The shuttle will run out of fuel in 20 minutes from now . It will hit the ground in a marshy area some 207 miles west of here . At the calculated impact speed of 390 knots it will bury itself completely . There won 't be a fire . And you say both Orac and the tachyon funnel can survive such a crash ? Yes , even the shuttle will be reusable after a few repairs . Avon and Vila won 't survive , of course . They 'll be jellified . - This had better work . - Have you cleared the governors ? I think so . Try it now . Switching to manual . Maximum power on all drives . Look , Egrorian . They 've broken the auto control and switched to manual . We 've allowed for that . So , they 've realised the danger they 're in . They 'd be poor space pilots if they hadn 't realised something was wrong by now . What a pity we haven 't a link with the shuttle . Yes , it is unfortunate . It 's never been necessary . PINDER : 12.5 minutes , Egrorian . I should like to be able to see Avon . What 's the position now , Orac ? Escape velocity still unattainable . Elapsed flight time ; 9 minutes . Remaining flight time ; 12 minutes . - Twelve minutes ? - Fuel . It 's no good . We 're not going to get out of this one . - Egrorian set us up . - Yes , but how ? How did he do it ? Avon , we 're going to die . Look , we 've got to help them , Tarrant , we must do something ! There 's nothing we can do , Dayna , nothing at all . Couldn 't we make an intercept ? In the atmosphere , with a shuttle at full drive ? We have to be stationary for a docking . Look , I 'll go down with the bracelets and we can teleport back . Between two fast moving points ? It 's not possible . You 'd slip out of the beam and be vaporised . Even assuming we could set up first-line coordinate , which we couldn 't . - But there must be something we can do . - Suggest something ! - Go back to close orbit . - And what will that achieve ? I don 't know . But it can 't be any less than we 'll achieve by sitting here . ORAC : Remaining flight time ; 10 minutes . And another five minutes before we hit . How do you spend your last 15 minutes ? Working . Working like we have never worked before , Vila . It 's gravity that is holding us , right ? We haven 't enough engine power to lift us free . We must lighten the load somehow . We 'll have to strip this shuttle down to its frame . Come on ! - Where do we start ? - You start in the cargo hold , I 'll start up here . We have to jettison every last nut and bolt . Now , Vila ! Where are you going , Pinder ? To check with the main computer , Egrorian . Well ? What do you say ? Please , may I be excused ? Very well , run along . Pinder worries too much . He 's always checking and re-checking the figures . They 're now 64 miles high and eight minutes flight left . Exactly as calculated . Egrorian , I 've been doing some calculations of my own . Now ... I came in a small L-type cruiser , which has a low fuel margin and is designed only for a crew of two . Two . I know the specification . There will be no room for Pinder . - You mean Pinder must be abandoned . - Exactly . So be it . After ten years , quel dommage . Egrorian . The shuttle has deviated from your predicted course by five degrees . What ? That 's impossible ! The main computer confirms the figures . - Do you have to get rid of that ? - What use is it to us now ? Stand back ! Now what ? There 's nothing left to throw out . Let 's check with Orac . Come on ! What 's the position now , Orac ? Remaining flight time ; five minutes and 40 seconds . How much more weight must we lose before we can achieve escape velocity ? - 70 kilos , Avon . - Only 70 kilos . Vila , strip off the insulation material in the cargo hold . Vila ! - But that 's plastic . It weighs nothing . - Get rid of it anyway . - A kilo and a half if we 're lucky . - Do it ! We 've got five minutes . Not enough . Not nearly enough . Damn it , what weighs seventy kilos ? Vila weighs 73 kilos , Avon . Vila . Vila ? Vila ? Vila ? Vila . Vila , are you here ? I need your help . Vila , I know you 're here . Come out . Vila , I know how they did it , but I need your help . Please help me . Plastic . High tensile plastic . Vila ? Couldn 't possibly be that heavy . Unless there 's something imbedded in it , and there isn 't . Unless it 's very tiny in which case it wouldn 't have ... the weight ! Vila , I really do know how they did it ! It 's a speck of neutron material , but I need your help to shift it . Vila , help me . Vila , you have got to help me , come on ! Vila ! Vila , where are you ? ( Grunting ) Remaining flight time ; two minutes and 30 seconds . I know . I know ! How ! How ! There was no way for them to escape ! But they have , Egrorian ! You and your foolproof plan ! - Highness . - You have failed me , Egrorian . I told you I punish failure . Highness , no . No . I 'll leave you to remember what might have been . No , no , no . Servalan , you can 't leave me . I served you well ! You can 't abandon me . You were ready to abandon me , Egrorian . You and Servalan , planning to leave me after 10 years , 60 of mine ! Pinder ? Red is dead , remember ? What are you doing ? I 've reversed the fields ! No , don 't be a fool ! Hoffal 's radiation , Egrorian ! Hoffal ! A neutron star ? A microscopic fragment of one . It 's the only possible explanation . It was unbelievably heavy . So how could Egrorian have planted it aboard ? He must have reprogrammed that automatic landing bay of his . And you moved it on your own ? - I couldn 't find Vila . - I 'm glad about that . - Pity about the tachyon funnel , though . - We had no choice . It 's a trip I won 't forget , Avon . Well , as you always say , Vila , you know you are safe with me .
