 I know a land beyond the heart of time . The sun never comes there . No moon ever shines . And man , a grain of sand , nameless and lost , blows with the dust . I apologise , HQ , but that 's what this place makes me think of . The sun never comes here . Just sand and mist . Virn , the green planet . Never rains here , either . There 's something strange . Not just the way the ship was affected when we came down , not just the way all the machinery plays up , not just the way we 're dying . You still listening , HQ ? This is Don Keller . Remember me ? On Virn , where we have a plague on our hands . On my hands . So when do I get something from you ? Running the tapes again ? Afraid you missed something ? Perhaps I like watching old films . Five years old and mostly static and interference . ... virus which has killed almost all of my team here at the base . No fever . No real symptoms . People just die . Some slowly , some so fast you wouldn 't believe . Twenty dead and another three sick . They 're not gonna pull through . We don 't know what it is , just that it kills . Only Gina hasn 't been affected yet , Gina and myself . We don 't know either why the two of us appear to be immune , or if we are . We can 't really run tests , can we , with the computers acting up the way they have been ever since we got here ? The electromagnetic disturbance or maybe there 's just sand in the panels . Sand gets into everything . ... fact . This planet has something unique . At least that 's what the machines said when they were still working . It 's a trace element . I don 't know what it is or what it does , but the reading showed it was something special . And it 's here . Maybe it 's connected to that first trace we picked up . The one that indicated there was life here . But we never ran it down . The Federation can use something unique , can 't it ? So , please , come and get us out of this place . Touching . It 's interesting . I don 't think those tapes ever reached the highest authority at the time they were sent . Or the Federation didn 't want to risk chasing into an unidentified viral plague . This mysterious trace element , it 's something that 's got to be looked into . No more than that . The way things stand , the Federation has to cover every possibility . But Keller , now he strikes me like a man who 's scared enough . They wrecked their ship on landing and he was virtually alone . He 'd say anything to save his skin . I 've seen that kind of stuff from dozens of people under torture . Of course you just happened to be passing the door when they said it . I get results . And I 'll get results on Virn , if there 's any to be got . At the end of those tapes Keller is obviously dying . He wasn 't immune after all . And he said the girl shot herself . They were the last . There won 't be much left of them after five years . Which makes you rather an odd choice for this mission . You think so ? Commissioner Sleer in charge of the pacification programme ? There 's nothing for you on Virn . Unless someone thought I 'd be lonely . I 'm sure you 're accustomed to loneliness , Investigator Reeve . You must be alone such a lot . ( Electronic beeping ) Investigator . - What ? - We 're approaching the planet , sir . That looks sick , too . Could that virus still be active ? - You got your broad spectrum shots , didn 't you ? - Yes , sir . - And what about you , Madam Brainwasher ? - Do you suppose I 'd be on this ship without them ? ( Alarm blaring ) Can 't you fly this thing , Chasgo ? Suddenly I think we must have hit some kind of multi-gravitational field . The instruments are going mad . Investigator , you and the others better get strapped in . It 's gonna be a hell of a bumpy ride down . Bang ! - Well , quite , if Scorpio crashes on Virn . - Keller 's ship did . And then there 's always the virus , which may not have died out . Yes , not to mention the untraced life Keller 's computers registered . A monster , perhaps . - Hello , Avon . Nice day , isn 't it ? - It 's getting to be a wasted one . I just don 't want to die . Is that unreasonable ? - Yes . - Yes . You do understand the problem , don 't you ? Orac has intercepted Federation transmissions . We know what happened to Keller , we know what happened on Virn five years ago . We now know that the Federation is interested enough to send an investigator to the planet . If there is the remotest chance of there being anything of value on Virn , do we want it for ourselves or are we prepared to let them get their hands on it ? - Put like that , I agree we go . - And so do I. Tarrant ? I don 't think you 're in any doubt about my reaction . All right . - Vila may stay at home and mind the store . - Oh , no . You 're not leaving me here alone . Orac , what 's the situation now ? The last interception was of a routine signal relayed from the transport . The ship was approaching Virn . Let 's get going . Fine landing , Chasgo . You certainly put the lady out of business . If there is anyone on this planet , you 'll have to leave them to me now . Everything 's in order here , sir , though the instruments are still acting up . We grazed our sides coming in . I 'd better check the engines . We 're supposed to be positioned half a mile from Keller 's base . Well ? You felt what happened to the ship . I barely held her . The base is about five miles to the north . Care to take a walk ? Can 't trust anything else with Virn 's electromagnetic record . Still , bullet can still make a mess of a man . I might save one for you , Chasgo , after that landing . ( Engine whirring ) ( Rumbling ) Try your communicator . Chasgo . Can you hear me ? I can hear you . Half the planet seems to have come down on me . You 've brought a sand slide down on top of the ship . Congratulations . I checked . The area seemed stable . - It shouldn 't have happened . - It did . What are you going to do about it ? It 's mostly sand , right ? I can run the motors again , quarter power . That might shake us loose . It had better . Meanwhile , we 'll make on for the base . We 've wasted enough time . TARRANT : It certainly doesn 't look very appealing . Yeah , it 's much too green . Why don 't you repaint it while you 're down there ? We shall all be close enough to repaint it . We need to get as close as we can . If Keller was right , the planet 's energies may affect the teleport . The shorter the distance it has to operate over , the better . Or we could attempt a landing , which would probably end all of our problems , permanently . We should be at the base by now , according to this . Of course we should . Yeah , well , obviously it 's not working . It 's getting dark . We 're not gonna find anything now . We 'll make camp over there . Come on then . Let 's go . You , make a fire . Nervous type , aren 't you ? There is supposed to be some form of life here , isn 't there ? Well , if there is , it probably won 't like fires . So make one . No moonlight . What a pity . - I have nothing to gain by tolerating you , Reeve . - You sure of that ? I suggest you go back to the fire . The alternative could be frostbite . I don 't believe that . A woman like you ? There is something you should realise . There are no women like me . I am unique . That makes me rather dangerous . Good night , Investigator . Sweet dreams . While we 're out here , I 'm setting a watch . Start watching . That pig , Reeve . " Yes , pig . " " No , pig . " I hate this planet . ( Rocks clattering ) I wish it wouldn 't do that . It could be ... You do know that this is a hell of a risk ? - It usually is anyway , isn 't it ? - Dayna ? Oh , I trust you , Avon . I must be slipping . SLAVE : Yes , indeed , I think I must be , too , master . - What ? - Slipping , master . - Soolin , take over . - Give me manual control , Slave . With great relief , madam . I am somewhat disoriented ... Confused . Sounds drunk to me . Sounds useless to me , which isn 't that unusual . We can manage without Slave . Descent to the troposphere underway . He 's quite dead . There 's no sign of an injury . - It could be the virus . - Or it might have been heart failure . Unless you want to perform an autopsy I suggest we move on . I haven 't used old-fashioned percussion bullets in a long time . At least we know they 'll work . - Well , as long as four of them do . - Four of them ? That 's all the Federation sent , isn 't it ? Assuming they got down in one piece . Afraid it won 't work , Investigator ? Afraid it will . You would be able to report , presumably , an excellent reason for killing me . One more casualty on Virn . You did kill the other one , didn 't you ? You might have had a motive . Something he found out . Reeve , you apparently think this is a new , exciting experience for me . It isn 't . - I 've confronted several maniacs with guns . - I 'm sure you have . Madam President . I 'm right , aren 't I , Servalan ? We never actually met , but I was at one of those official receptions for good and faithful servants that you occasionally graced with your presence . ( Rocks clattering ) There 's something on that ridge ! It 's a flesh wound . You were lucky . If I 'd been lucky , it wouldn 't have happened . - Avon . - What 's wrong ? Dayna 's just been kissed by a bullet . It 's not serious , but messy . Take her up . I didn 't say I agreed ! Apparently , however , you did . I never could stand the sight of blood . The feeling is probably mutual . Tarrant ! Tarrant ! - AVON : Tarrant . Answer , will you ? - What ? Do you want a replacement for Dayna ? No . No , I can handle it . Whatever it is . Come on , darling , shake yourself loose . ( Gun firing ) All right , don 't be scared . I 'm not gonna kill you . Let me introduce myself . Investigator Reeve . Perhaps you 've heard of me . And you must be one of Keller 's team , so I 'll just disable you to be going on with . Just so you know we can be friends . Better stand still , though . I 'll aim for your leg , but I 'm not the world 's greatest shot , so if you move ... ( Screaming ) ( Servalan snickering ) I hate to tell you this , Tarrant , but you just killed an enemy of mine . Everyone 's entitled to one really bad mistake . ( Thunder ) ( Thunder ) - Avon ! - No , Vila . We will stay this far down . The atmospheric conditions below don 't indicate storm weather . What 's causing it ? - I think we are causing it . - What ? There 's so much static charge , not to mention the mysterious chemicals that Keller picked up on his computers . Now we have introduced a brand-new alien substance - this ship . ( Thunder ) We are irritating the atmosphere and it 's scratching . Noisily . And Tarrant 's communicator appears to have packed up . He didn 't want anyone else down there . I wonder why not ? Well , you could always go down and find out . - Orac , teleport . - Teleport ? I am not programmed . Three squared to the principal ... - Oh , no . - I love you . - Orac ! - My emotions are deeper than the seas of space . One times one is only possible in the ultra dimensional . - Turn Orac off . - I love you . Off ! We will be lovers for a little while or maybe for a long while , who knows ? - I do . - What a thought . - Keller was right again . - Vila , try and bring Tarrant back up . VILA : Not operational . Well , now . None of us is going to faint with amazement at that , are we ? - What 's the next move ? - The usual one . We 'll wait . Avon . Avon , what are you waiting for ? What a shame . Yes , it is rather a pity . We could all have had a reunion . Instead , the reunion is limited to two . What is your particular grudge against me ? Let me see . You sat and watched my brother die . That doesn 't seem to make me like you very much . Aside from all the countless other reasons anyone might have for blowing your head off . What fascinating violence . I 'm also a fascinating shot . Particularly at a distance of three feet . Is that how close we are ? Something must be drawing us together . - We 're both looking for the same thing . - Are we ? Then I suggest we agree a truce . You mean I put the gun away and you and I trip hand in hand across the base until you brain me with some convenient blunt instrument ? You underestimate your usefulness , Tarrant . I said a truce . Or we can stand here until we die of sedentary collapse . Because you aren 't going to kill me , Tarrant , however much you think you want to . No ? At a distance of one inch , the shot should be even more efficient . Very neat , Servalan . You 've found my weakness . I prefer to shoot a moving target . In other words , be very careful . Sand everywhere . Keller was right about that , too . Something else ... It 's warm in here . Which means the life support systems must still be working . Then someone must still be alive here . - Were you expecting someone to be ? - No . It 's fairly standard equipment . If there 's power for the life supports , there will be for these . ( Beeping ) COMPUTER : Jam . Jamble . Scramble . Uncode . Declassify . Jargon . Love is the only reality . I don 't suppose this kind of machine would respond to a kick in the ear , would it ? Keller . Colour . Cooler . Killer . Calor . Choler . The computers here were affected by atmospheric static . He said that . It 's useless , then . I love you . I know a land where love ... Keller . Don . Don . Dun . Din . Dan . Den . Perhaps we will be lovers for a long while . Who knows ? Who know ... ( Computer switching off ) We 'll just have to hope he kept a diary . Ah ! Food . All right , let 's see you do it after five years . ( Electronic humming ) Don Keller , I presume ? Well , since you 're alive , how about giving me a good reason for letting you stay that way ? Don 't be such a fool , Tarrant ! Then he is dead . Yes , of course he is . If he 's dead , how come his body 's still in perfect condition after five years ? Servalan , his body 's still flexible . He 's still warm . Is he ? ( Rumbling ) There seems to be something out there . Shall I see if it wants to come in ? ( Thumping ) Interesting . Now we know why it went dark . This building 's been covered by a sand drift higher than the windows . ( Bell ringing ) I 'm hungry . Is that why I feel dizzy ? - Let 's play a mind game . - Lovely . Let 's imagine the three of you have come under a malign psychic influence . To use antiquated terminology , a curse . - Well , why us and not you ? - Before my time . What are you getting at ? I seem to recall you telling me of an alien trying to take over the Liberator through Cally . Avon killed it . Psi powers , a negative influence left behind . ( Thunder ) - Thunder , right on cue . This is silly . - Is it ? The indestructible Liberator was destroyed and Cally died . Why don 't you just shut up ! What the hell do you know about any of that ? Do you believe anything of what you 've just said ? Not one word . None of this makes sense anymore . Would this be the point at which we break down and tell each other the stories of our lives ? - To soulful music ? - Preferably . How did you get away from the Liberator ? - It was difficult . - It was impossible . - Manifestly not . - So how ? The teleport . A malfunction . A power surge . Suddenly I was back on a Federation world . - What a lucky little commissioner you are . - Aren 't I though ? What happened to the presidency ? It was stolen in my absence . I shall take it back eventually . - If the new boys don 't spot you first . - I 'm dead . And anyone who was ever directly involved with me has been purged . Well , it 's somewhat academic at the moment anyway while we 're prisoners here . - Prisoners ? - What else ? If anyone can find a way out of here , you will . - Will I ? - Naturally . You are both resourceful and decorative . Thank you . I might say the same about you . But then I 'd also say you 're possibly the most unscrupulously venomous woman in the galaxy . Being shut in here with you is rather like being locked in a cage with a panther , a black cat with large golden eyes and long silver talons . Oh , Tarrant . I 'm just the girl next door . If you were the girl next door , I 'd move . - Where would you move to , Tarrant ? - Next door . What on earth are you doing ? It 's called a probability square . You 've never heard of it ? No . Each square represents a piece of information , a fact , a reason for that fact , or a conclusion that might be drawn from that fact . You keep shifting the squares until you achieve a pattern that makes sense . The square represents Virn . Oh ! Playing Orac . - And getting some very interesting results . - Avon the machine . Oh , go away , Vila . - I thought I liked you . - You do like her . Now go and sit down . Funny , aren 't I ? If I died it 'd be a real joke . Who 'd care ? Who cared about Cally ? You know , I have a theory about all this . Keller 's base was wiped out by a mysterious virus that left the corpses supple and undecayed . I say corpses . If we were able to search the place we 'd find the others . I 'm sure of that . What else have we got ? A planet that registers a life reading , only nobody can figure out what the life form is . A planet with energies in the air that turn every piece of advanced machinery crazy , from a ship to a computer . And yet , somehow , Keller 's machines were able to put up this base , and the base and its life support systems have remained intact . This planet has one other thing , though , doesn 't it ? The thing we 're looking for . Some unique , unspecified element that could be incredibly useful if we knew what it was . I know what it is . - You don 't happen to be boring me . - Good , then I 'll go on . No , answer a question first . Before I killed him , something peculiar happened to Reeve . What happened to the other two in your party ? One died here . The pilot 's still on the ship . There was a sand slide . If he 's still inside the ship then he 's probably safe . Oh , you 're very clever , Servalan , why can 't you work it out ? Sand slides . Sand higher than the windows . - Are you serious ? - If you think about it , it 's the only explanation . - The sand ? - You 've seen the way it moves . - Blown in the wind . - There is no wind . Nonsense , it 's been blowing ... A sound like the wind , that 's all . You 're right . The air never stirred . There was no wind . The trace of life on Virn was the sand . Some emanation from it affects the atmosphere , even the magnetic fields of the planet , and causes the rest of the trouble . Ships crash , instruments fail , nobody can protect himself . And when the sand comes into contact with a human body , it sucks out the cellular energy , sometimes fast , sometimes slowly . I imagine that depends on how much sand is in the vicinity . But that 's what Keller 's plague was . Not a virus , a vampire . It killed all of them except the girl . And then the third element of Virn 's ecology took over . They were preserved . It appears the sand can nourish itself on the dead , too . So it makes sure the dead stay edible . And there 's the unique element we came here to find . A preservative that acts indefinitely without dehydration or freezing . It could be incredibly useful . It 's also completely un-get-at-able under Virn 's built-in conditions . A vampire ? It 's an imaginative theory , Tarrant , but it 's flawed . We 're still alive . I know ... and that 's the nastiest part of all . Well ? Suppose the sand can reason in some rudimentary but quite logical way . A food source here can last for years , but it seems reasonable to think that it would like more food available , fresh food . - Don Keller and the girl . - The last survivors here , apparently immune . Then the girl killed herself . She must have guessed . Once the girl died , Keller immediately got sick . Her death made him expendable . It 's breeding stock , Servalan . It was keeping them alive to breed a race of food animals for itself , a herd . And that 's our function , yours and mine . So we get a cosy pen and good food . Now I suppose I should be flattered . The vampire tested me and thinks I 'm superior stock to Reeve and the others . It reckoned it could afford to kill them if it saved me . And you , of course . Yes , any number of women would be safe . A herd . The label says , " Earth spring water . Bottled in glass . " You 'd better take it . I don 't think you 'll ever see Earth again . Don Keller , he was my lover . I was 18 . - He 's the reason you 're here . - He left me . I grew up . Power became my lover . Power is like a drug . It is beautiful . Shining . I could destroy a planet by pressing a button . - I loved him . - This isn 't going to help either of us . I don 't care about either of us . Hey . It doesn 't rain here , remember ? Avon . There 's sand all around him . It wasn 't there before . Sand ? - Vila , get up ! - Get lost . Oh . Thanks . I think I 'm dying . Avon , look . Of course . Water ! Since you 're awake , you 'd see better from here . You cry very beautifully , Servalan . And one of your tears did this to the sand on the floor . At first I thought it was just your destructive nature . Try to remember I have a gun . Actually , no . His pulse is very weak . Well , that should go very nicely with the rest of him . Well , there doesn 't seem to be any more sand . There wasn 't much but it was everywhere . All right , Avon , you 've told us your theory . It wasn 't a plague on Virn , it was the sand feeding off human energy . - Does that mean we reckon Tarrant is dead ? - Not necessarily . According to Orac 's earlier information , there 's probably a woman down there . It 's just possible that Tarrant was stronger and fitter than the three men in the Federation patrol , in which case he may have been kept alive as Keller was kept alive - and for the same reason . - New food supplies . Yes , but what about us ? Presumably , the sand up here has compared Vila 's wits and stamina with mine , and concluded that I am the dominant male . On the herd principle , therefore , it decided that Vila was superfluous and it could kill him . You two , of course , would have been allowed to live . SOOLIN : Don 't say it , Avon . I wasn 't going to say anything . ( Thunder ) How much more of this can the ship take ? Look , there must be some way to get Tarrant off that planet . Not unless we can do something about the sand on Virn . - One glass of water is not going to be enough . - A rainstorm might be . But it never rains on Virn . Maybe we can change that . It 's not perfect , but now that we have cleared the sand away from here , these instruments make some kind of sense . I believe that we can nurse this ship through a controlled nosedive . What ? Where we are now , we are causing massive atmospheric disturbance . Let us get closer . Let us make it worse . Eventually , there may be enough of a build-up to create some kind of rain . Or to knock us out of the sky ! This is not just a rescue mission for poor , gallant Tarrant ! While the sand remains active the planet will not let go of us . The instruments are unreliable . We have Virn hanging on our heels . How do you think we are going to get away ? I take it that means " yes " . Well , how could we refuse , Avon ? You are the dominant male , aren 't you ? Dayna ! Emergency lighting . You can 't kill me . If you do , your value to the sand is over . You 'd be dead in half an hour . You forget . My pilot is still alive on the ship . One man , one woman . I can kill you . It 's raining . The rain will destroy the sand outside . How soon before the sand in here realises we can escape and kills us ? Water . We 'll break the windows . Stand back . - What was that ? - Just some glass breaking . - What happened ? - You wouldn 't be any happier if I told you . Oh . - What happened to me ? - Not a lot . - There wasn 't enough of it to kill you . - Kill me ? - It didn 't . - I 'm not so sure . - Slave . - Yes , master . Nice to have you back . Put the automatics online . Check Orac . How are you feeling now , Orac ? " Feeling " is not a term which can under any circumstances be applied to me . Would you care to comment on the teleport ? The teleport is fully functional . You gambled , Avon , but you won . Do I get a prize ? This is working now . It should take me about an hour to reach the ship . You don 't have to see me home . What makes you think I 'll let you go at all ? I mean so much to you . - Tarrant ! Tarrant ! - Yes , Avon ? We 're bringing you up . Now . All right . Oh , by the way , I 've found out what the magic chemical is , but I can 't bring it back with me . Tell me when you get here . Thank you . - Servalan ... - Goodbye , Tarrant . Homeward bound . You know , we might just as well not have bothered to come . The whole thing 's been ridiculous . One consolation . Though we can 't get the preservative , neither can the Federation . You never said what the woman was like , Tarrant . - Didn 't I ? - Pretty ? Pretty familiar . Servalan . - Servalan ? - Yes . She explained her survival . And did she excuse it , too ? Presumably she was after the same thing as the Federation , but for private purposes . Don Keller was supposed to have been her lover . - She told you that ? - Yes . - You believed her ? - Not necessarily . I think it was a gambit to gain my sympathy in a nervous situation . And she got it , too , didn 't she ? Your sympathy , I mean . Yes , Avon . I 've said all I 'm going to . Orac has theorised that the planet makes its own sand . It 's probably cooking up a new batch right now . Servalan may not get off Virn alive , which would make you the last man in her life . That 's ironic , isn 't it ? The others are dead . We haven 't time to discuss it now . We 're in danger . Don 't ask what . Just take this ship up . - But the instruments won 't even respond ... - They will . Do as I say . All right , I 'll try . - Was there any sand in the ship ? - Yes . I didn 't like the look of it . After the rain had cleared us I threw it outside . Then I felt ... I must 've fallen asleep . - This is almost normal . What the hell has been ... - Stop talking and take this ship up . I have a negative report to prepare . Don Keller . You waited five years to show me you were dead . And Del Tarrant , I had the gun ... but I didn 't kill you , Tarrant . Yet .
