 Finally , Zondawl . Latest victim of the Federation 's Pacification and Control Programme . The drug is still Pylene-50 . The concentration has been stepped up , however . DISEMBODIED VOICES : You are cared for . You are loved . You are cared for . You are loved . You are loved . You are cared for . You are loved . You are cared for . You are loved . You are cared for . You are loved . ... cared for . ... cared for . You are loved . You are cared for . You are ... You ... You are cared for . You are loved . You are cared for . You are loved . You are cared for . You are cared for . You are ... That videocast was taken on Zondawl six weeks ago . What is happening there now will soon happen on Serrus , Herriol , Sentha , all the border systems , unless you resist . Resist ? With what ? We have no armies , Avon , no great battle fleets . - Zukan does . - But Zukan isn 't here . And why not ? Because he has his armies and his fleets , and is probably attacking Tarl or Serrus even now , while we all listen to a renegade , who has more reason than us to fear the Federation . I may be a renegade , Boorva , but you betray your people if you do not fear the Federation . - It 's going badly . - Hardly surprising . Avon 's idea of diplomacy is like breaking someone 's leg , then saying , " Lean on me . " Resistance means armies , Avon , whatever you say . And we haven 't got them . Well , neither has the Federation . At least not sufficient to indulge in widespread conventional conquest . Why else have they embarked upon drug control ? Defeat the drug and you buy yourselves time . I mention it in passing , since none of you seem to have noticed , but there are two craft registering on the detectors . SOOLIN : How near ? Orbit range in 17 minutes . - Visual scanners ? - Locking on to automatic . Originally the stuff was administered by medical laser , but now they have developed variants that can be fed into your reservoirs or even into the air that you breathe . You 're saying that we have no protection . On the contrary , I 'm offering you the best there is . Total immunity . I have the antitoxin . What I do not have is the necessary equipment to mass produce it , or the raw material from which to obtain the toxin extract . Zukan has the raw material , and you , gentlemen , you have the necessary equipment . Any such alliance would be futile as long as Zukan remained outside it . - And he has the armies . - And the war fleet . He 's a pirate . Zukan 's a pirate and he 's an outlaw . - Who are they , Orac ? - Why not ask them ? This is Xenon base . Identify yourselves . I repeat , identify yourselves . - You have 10 seconds or I 'll open fire . - With what ? Xenon base , this is Betafarl Commercial Freighter , Lodestar . Who 's with you ? I repeat , who 's that with you , Lodestar ? This is Zukan , President of Betafarl , come to attend the conference of the non-aligned planets . Gentlemen , the President of Betafarl , Zukan . You are welcome , Zukan . I apologise for my late arrival . Boorva , perhaps now you may care to revise your position ? Because Zukan has finally arrived ? That doesn 't necessarily change anything . Why can 't you accept that Zukan is here in good faith ? There is no history of trust between us , Avon . True , we know Zukan to harbour territorial ambitions against us all . Does he renounce them ? And even if he says he does , why should we believe him ? May I reply ? By all means . In so far as we on Betafarl have always sought to protect ourselves and our borders , there are some here who would not be unjustified in regarding us as aggressors . But if it is aggression to protect oneself by ensuring that the others remain weak , then we have been aggressors . But no more . Because now we face a true aggressor . The Federation does not seek merely to defend itself , but to subjugate all peoples to its will . And Betafarl is no more able to stand alone against the Federation than any of you . So if we cannot be friends , for the sake of all our peoples , let us be allies as from this day . Well , he spares us the hypocrisy of pretending that his motives are anything other than self-interest . Are our motives any different ? I welcome your words , Zukan . But words are no more than words . Zukan must forgive our mistrust , but he himself has fuelled it for far too long for words alone to be sufficient here today . Avon , show us your freight bay . Now , those are my technicians . The equipment is everything necessary to produce an antitoxin . This is Betafarl 's first contribution to our new alliance . So doubt my words if you will , but not the evidence of your own eyes . The power inlets are on the far side . I hope they 're not just going to dump it all and go . Unless you want to be the one who decides which bit fits where . I thought we could leave that to Vila . You should see the laboratories they 've got on Betafarl . Zukan gave Avon and me a tour when we were there trying to persuade him to attend today . Zeeona . - Someone you met while you were there ? - Zukan 's daughter . If all this is the result of your intercession , we 're grateful . My father required no intercession from me . Your own case was so strong that in the end he knew he couldn 't afford not to respond . Some response . In war or friendship , my father is never less than wholehearted . Zeeona , Soolin . Maybe you 'd like to take Zeeona to the crew room . Thank you , but I think it might be better if I stayed here to help . Zukan 's daughter carrying boxes ? I 'm a biogenetic engineer . I work with this kind of equipment all the time . I thought I could help to put it together . We 're unlikely to be ready for that today , so why not let Soolin show you to your father 's quarters ? He ... He doesn 't know I 'm here . I came aboard the freighter out of curiosity , I suppose . I hope to go back the same way , without him knowing I 've been here . - Would it matter if he did ? - I think he might be displeased . And no doubt he is as wholehearted in his displeasure as in everything else . You can 't stay here , there are video scanners that can be switched through to the conference chamber . Better come with me . We don 't want to upset our principal ally and benefactor now , do we ? Well , gentlemen , before we drink our toast are there any grievances that could , in the future , threaten our accord ? Yes . Shall we receive compensation for the crafts we have lost to Zukan 's war fleet ? Any such craft were legitimate targets being in the Betafarl sector . In that case , Betafarl sector extends for as far as your war fleet care to roam . - Not so . - Sectors are a thing of the past . I thought you 'd agreed . But Chalsa seems to want to make the agreement retroactive . Just how far back do you want to go ? We have lost craft , too , Chalsa . Shall Zukan recompense us all ? How could he ? May we not wipe out the past and start afresh ? I agree with Mida . When you talk of compensation , Chalsa , remember , Zukan has already pledged more to this alliance than anyone else ! All right . All right , I agree . I accept . Then are we all friends here , with one common enemy ? Tarl affirms . Let 's hope we 're never given cause to regret it . Lovus affirms . Herriol affirms . Komm affirms . Betafarl affirms . I don 't think my father ever believed a day like this could be possible . I 'm glad I 'm here to witness it . Why would he be so displeased if he found out you were here ? You know what fathers are like with their daughters . As it happens , I don 't . Mine was murdered when I was eight . I 'm sorry . So were the men who did it , eventually . So tell me , why doesn 't he want you here ? You may find it strange , in view of my father 's reputation as a fighter , but for some time now , he 's been trying to achieve a kind of respectability , through me . Yes , it may be politically expedient to be allied with us , but we 're hardly respectable . It could explain it , I suppose . - Is everything all right ? - Seems to be . A neutron bombarder . As long as the organic source has a molecular structure that 's reasonably close to that of the antitoxin , that 'll do the rest . - Any danger of radiation ? - As long as the installation is right . Well , the only problem now is where do we find enough raw material to keep this lot running ? That 's not such a problem , Avon . As I told you , we have a plant on Betafarl . It grows wild . In the outlying areas , it 's prolific . The sap has a molecular structure that 's close to that you need . We started harvesting it just before I came here . - How long before it can be shipped ? - That is up to you , my friend . We brought the equipment , we 're harvesting the crop . The freighting of it , we leave to you . Though don 't take too long . Indications are it degenerates fast , even under freezing . Any reason why you can 't take Scorpio and leave tomorrow ? - No , except ... - With Avon 's permission , I should myself like to stay to supervise the installation . Tomorrow , you go . Your father means to stay until the installation is complete . I thought you should know . Thank you , but I did already . I was watching the monitor . You must also have heard that I 'm going to Betafarl tomorrow . Perhaps it would be sensible for me to take you back . Perhaps it would , yes . Thank you . Right . Good . Well , we 'll sort out how to get you aboard in the morning . Would you like to know why I really came ? Oh , it 's true , I thought I could help with installing the equipment , and it 's true that I was curious about all of you , the kind of people you are , the way you live . But most of all ... But most of all , I ... So , you see , I shall be very happy to be going back to Betafarl with you . One per exit . Got some news for you . There was somebody on Lodestar you didn 't reckon on . Your daughter . - She is here ! - Not to my knowledge . She is here somewhere , and one of your people must know where ! Where is my daughter ? - I don 't know . - Nor me . - Where is the other one ? - What other one ? - That came with you to Betafarl . - Tarrant . Search the base . If she is here , presumably she wants to be . She 's not a child . She is my daughter . Where is she , Soolin ? And then , after you 'd gone , when you left Betafarl I felt as though I 'd lost something . I never felt that way about anyone before . Zeeona . I 'm sorry if all this is unwelcome to you . No . ( Bleeping ) Zeeona , your father wants to see you . Now , Tarrant . Your man , Tarrant . Now he is the reason why she should not be here . I mean this as no disrespect to you , Avon , or your group , but she is the daughter of Zukan . Let us give our guests some privacy . Just when it was getting interesting . The game , I mean . I 'm sorry , I don 't know how he found out . Excuse me . Now , let ... How dare you ? I 'm sorry I went against your word , but I 'm glad I came . - You cannot be both . - Truly . Then I wish for both our sakes it were not so . You shall not stay . I didn 't intend to . I go home tomorrow aboard their freighter . Tarrant will take me . My daughter will be a passenger on your freighter tomorrow . - I would like you to change its captain . - Whom would you prefer ? Yourself . I shall be honoured . - Good night . - Good night . What I care about is not antagonizing the most powerful ally we have . At her expense ! She is not a child . You said so yourself . She deserves better than having just you for company . Besides , I 'm surprised you 're prepared to risk leaving me alone with her father . I dislike him so much , there 's no knowing what I might do . All right , come along and hold her hand if you must , but in the meantime you can make yourself useful . There 's a fault on the inner-door alignment . - All launch checks complete . - AVON : Green on all systems . Betafarl has just confirmed full clearance on your flight plan . About time . - Goodbye . - Have a good trip . Your passenger 's on her way . Good . - Where is Tarrant ? - Drowning his sorrows ? Main drives running up . Thirty hours from now and you should be home . I 'm a bit worried about the inner-door alignment still . - Do you think you should take a look at it ? - I thought you had fixed it . I did , only I 'm not sure it will hold . I just thought while there 's still pressure on the freight deck you might want to take a look . Tell me quickly . Do you want to go back ? Where have you been ? She was looking for you to say goodbye . Didn 't see any point in saying goodbye , not when she 's coming back again . Coming back ? Yes , so long as Soolin can work it before they 're out of range . Yes or no ? Yes . Get a bracelet and stand in there . Scorpio to base , we 're teleporting now . - Welcome back . - Come to stay this time ? Thank you . I can 't see anything to worry about back there . Oh , thanks for checking anyway . Where is our passenger ? You 've sent her back , haven 't you ? - She wanted to go . - And you helped her . Zukan need never know . He saw her come aboard . And as far as he 's concerned , she still is . When he gets back to Betafarl , he 'll think she 's simply disappeared again . - We know nothing about it . - He 'll never believe that . But you lie so well . We 're going back . If we do , Zukan will know for certain . Almost there ? Another day . The programming will take longer . Will it be ready to test-run by the time Scorpio gets back ? I hope so . - Has Avon arrived yet ? - By this evening . Betafarl has perpetual day , did you know ? No . It never sleeps . Perpetual light . All that energy . There are times when I miss the darkness . It 's hard to live always in the light . I shall leave this evening . There 's little more I can contribute here . Well , won 't you stay for the test run ? My people will . I have confidence enough in them . Base to Scorpio . Scorpio , do you read ? Scorpio to base , we hear you , Dayna . Go ahead . Zukan to depart base for Betafarl in three hours . I say again , Zukan 32 hours behind you . Do you understand ? Only too well . Happy landings . Out . He 's going to get here and discover that his daughter is nowhere to be found before we 've even finished loading . Unless we get a move on . If it comes to a choice between the alliance and Zukan 's revenge don 't think that I won 't sacrifice you . - Up to power . - VILA : You 're clear for lift-off , Zukan . I salute you all . Glad I won 't be down there half an hour from now . You 're just in time . Thank you . When your father finds out , he 'll probably incinerate us all . Do you realise that ? ORAC : Someone would seem to have anticipated him . Orac ? Scans indicate a foreign object in the teleport bay . My calculations suggest that it is an explosive device . - A bomb ? - Precisely . I can 't see anything . Where ? Where , Orac ? It 's at floor level on the right-hand side . What 's happening ? Channel one , dead . Two , dead . Kill that alarm , somebody . Vila , switch it off ! We 've got channel five . Is that all ? It 's all the entrances and exits . - We 've been boxed in . - Yes , but ... Extent of damage , Orac ? Orac ? ( Orac expiring ) SERVALAN : Is it well-met , Zukan ? Well-met it is , Commissioner . This is Finn . Without him I couldn 't have done it . If you had only told me the whereabouts of their base , you needn 't have done anything . Are they dead ? Dying . Now . We don 't know how far it goes . We 're about 30 yards from the mouth of the tunnel . It can 't go any further than that . ( Rubble tumbling ) It could take us anything up to four days to dig that far . At least we 've got enough air . The ventilation system 's still functioning . Well , that doesn 't make sense either . Why should someone block us in , but leave us air to breathe ? DAYNA : Tarrant , get back here . Why ? Look ! ( Screaming ) ZEEONA : That was Jarder . VILA : What the hell is doing that ? Whatever it is , it 's coming towards us . It 's getting nearer all the time . - What is it , Tarrant ? - I don 't know . VILA : What 's causing it ? ZEEONA : I don 't know . - The explosions , something ... - The air . It 's in the air . That 's why the ventilation system 's been left working . Whatever it is , it 's being carried in the air . VILA : The air ? - Switch it off . - DAYNA : What ? Everything off . All life-support systems off . We 've got to stop the air circulating . Are we safe ? How do I know ? How much oxygen have we got down here ? How long can we last without fresh air ? Eighteen , twenty hours . And how long to dig our way out ? - Anything up to four days . - Oh , no . Oh , well , I was never very good at maths , but ... You don 't have to be . We 're dead . You know the composition of the antitoxin . You didn 't leave without obtaining that . That 's why you wouldn 't tell me the location of their base , so that you would have a chance to get it . Perhaps . Then immunise your people , if you do not trust me . And Komm , Herriol , Tarl ? And the rest . Yours to take , yours to keep . I gave you my word . Except I know how worthless words are . Too late . You can 't undo what you 've done , so you have little choice but to trust me . DAYNA : Base to Scorpio . Base to Scorpio . Avon , come in please . Base to Scorpio , do you copy ? Someone isn 't dead . They soon will be . That base is sealed like a tomb . What if Avon heard ? He 's been on Betafarl for three hours . He 'll have left Scorpio by now . Here ? According to Zukan 's coordinates , which were confirmed by flight control . There 's nothing here . No vegetation , no crop pickers , no harvesters . Nothing . We 've been tricked . But why ? Federation guards . - You know what that makes Zukan , don 't you ? - I know what it makes us . Drop your gun . Drop it . Don 't shoot . Don 't shoot . I am Zeeona , daughter of Zukan , and I give you Avon . It was a mistake to let Avon take your daughter . If he escapes , we 've achieved nothing . You do not trust your own men , Commissioner ? It isn 't a matter of trust , so much as matching ability . Against one man ? Against Avon . You make me wonder if I didn 't choose badly . You fear him . He and I , together we could have been invincible . Really ? CAPTAIN : Commissioner . Yes , Captain ? Signal from Betafarl . Avon 's been taken . Send me his corpse . - What about Zukan 's daughter ? - What about her ? There 's a woman with him who claims that 's who she is . Tell them to let her go . She will have to know sometime . Enjoy your new territories . How are they going to kill him ? Why don 't we try blasting through ? The roof 's already been weakened . Another blast could bring the lot down . - We 're never going to make it like this . - Shut up ! We haven 't got four days ! Maybe it 'll only take four hours , or fourteen . Now help me ! Oh , no . This machine is suggesting an airborne virus . Sorry ? A radioactive airborne virus . Radioactive airborne virus . But if that 's what it is , it 'll get through to us eventually no matter what we do . There was a research programme on Betafarl . Radioactive airborne virus . But that means there could be only one person responsible for all this . Look , there 's little point in speculating about that now ... It 's not speculation ! My father . We 've heard nothing for nearly three hours . From them . They 're all dead . Eleven good Betafarlians . Do you think you 'll see them in your dreams , Finn ? Not me . I will , if my dreams aren 't already overcrowded . You should take dream suppressants . They don 't help . I see my bad dreams in other people 's eyes . Get me a drink . Zukan . Get it off the wall ! No ! I can 't keep this up . Stop it then , shall we ? Go back to the others and tell them we 've decided to die . Well , why don 't they come and do some ? - When we need them , they will . - When ? I say we need them now . When I say so ! What is it ? Paraflame Five . It 's lethal . Get out ! We 're safe so long as the air seal on the door stays good . What is Paraflame Five ? It 's a coolant . There must have been a pipe running along the tunnel , and either the explosion or the roof fall fractured it . Odd , a coolant called Paraflame . It 's a contradiction in terms . Yes , isn 't it ? I wonder why . Perhaps we should devote our last few hours to fathoming that out . Why don 't you go and crawl into that bottle ? You don 't want to help , you don 't want to think , you 're useless . Thinking . This is it . Thanks to you and your father we 're all dead ! - You little runt ! - Don 't , Tarrant . Why hurt him for speaking the truth ? Come on . AVON : Scorpio to base . Scorpio to base . Come in , base . Base to Scorpio , we 're receiving you , come in . Emergency , mayday , mayday . Can anybody hear me ? Emergency , emergency , mayday . Can anybody hear me ? DAYNA : Enough oxygen for 12 more hours , at the most 13 . How soon can you get Scorpio within teleport range ? Wait , Dayna . We can 't do it . Scorpio to base . It will be at least 20 hours before we can lift you off , which means that you must reduce your oxygen intake or we must think of something else . DAYNA : Well , the opinion here is we 've exhausted all options . ( Signal wavering ) Zukan to Avon , to Avon , do you read me ? Wait , Dayna . Zukan to Avon , Zukan to Avon , do you read me ? Zukan to Avon . Do you read me ? I read you , Zukan . What do you want ? I can tell your people how to obtain fresh , clean air . But before I do , you 've got to help me . Help you how ? I 'm out of control , drifting . Short on oxygen . Pick me up and I 'll tell you how to save your people . Where are you , Zukan ? I don 't know . I 've lost all computer function , but my distress beacon 's on two-two-one . Find it , Slave . I think I have , Master . Of course , I could be wrong . - How near ? - Fifteen hours . Zukan , you are too far away , they will be dead before we reach you . Tell them how to get the fresh air , and we will rescue you . I give you my word . Your word ? Your word is not good enough , Avon . They will all be dead in 15 hours . If two of them volunteer to die , the oxygen they have left will last the rest of them . If just one of them dies , for any reason at all , so do you , Zukan . Father , it 's Zeeona , Father . I 'm here on the base with the others . No . No , no , you 're not there , you 're not there ! Father , if you leave us no choice , I shall volunteer to die . Tell us how to get fresh air , Father . No , no , you 're on Betafarl ! I was teleported back to the base , Father . No , no , you were seen on Betafarl ! That was Soolin . You are murdering your own daughter , Zukan . You 're trying to trick me , Avon . ZEEONA : I watched Jarder die ! No , you 're on Scorpio . You 're in league with Avon . I 'm on the base , Father , please ! I don 't believe you ! I don 't believe you ! I think we can do it without him . - Tarrant , are you there ? Tarrant ? - I 'm here . Good . If it is possible to get fresh air , as Zukan says , then not all the ventilators are contaminated , so which way did the virus come at you ? We think the first place affected was the freight chamber . Slave , show me the Xenon base ventilation system . At once , Master . Good . Now , what I would have done would have been to connect the neutron bombarder to the air ventilators and reverse the flow . Instead of pushing air , it is sucking air , and the virus , into the whole system . Simple . Tarrant , disconnect all north side ventilators and reverse the air flow . That way , you will get fresh air coming in against the contamination . You 're wrong , Avon . If your man does what you 've told him , you 've killed them all for sure . Father , Father , please ! No , no , you 're not there ! AVON : Do it , Tarrant . You 're wrong , Avon . I 'm the only one who can save them . Then tell us , Father . Tell us ! Do it , Tarrant ! Oh , get on with it . What difference does it make if he is wrong ? Power on , Dayna . I am on the base , Father . We have fresh air again now . All right , Zeeona . What 's it like down there ? Salvageable ? If we can get rid of the contamination . Which is a pretty big if . Perhaps we could reverse the process on the neutron bombarder and use it as a neutralizing filter . Is that feasible , do you think ? Risky , though . It 's not very stable . It could go critical . One person must go down . Volunteer ? Or shall we draw lots ? - I 'll go . - No . Why ? Because I 'm the only one who knows how to work it . - Seems reasonable . - Shut up , Vila . I want it to be me . It has to be me . Don 't you understand ? - Then I go with her . - No . She will go alone . Let her do it her own way , Tarrant . You 'd demand the same . I 'll get your suit . I shall be perfectly all right . I 'll work the teleport . It 's been too long . Could be a faulty communicator on the suit . Zeeona ? Zeeona ? I 'm going down . - Nothing can have happened to her . - How do you know ? Because she 's protected from everything by the suit . Radiation , poison gas , fire , wind , rain ... Oh , let him go down . It 's worked . The place is clear . Zeeona ! Zeeona ! She took her glove off .
