 Well , that 's one way of solving your energy crisis . It 's no joke , Avon . Thousands of people were killed . They would have died anyway . Agravo was a worked out planet . The Federation does not spend time and credits for nothing . It would have been uneconomic to transfer anyone but key personnel . - Do you think they planned that explosion ? - Not this time . This was just a happy accident . But now the Federation is aware of the potential of Feldon power systems . Orac . Federation plans currently include operations on nine planets previously considered uninhabitable . I 've finished those drive modifications . Do you want to take her up for a test drive ? - Later . - Preferably much later . I could do with some rest . We all could . Is the lecture over ? Feldon is the hardest known substance in the universe . And currently the most valuable . Go on , this is getting interesting . It 's extremely rare . Traces found in the asteroid belt and on a few insignificant planets . Invariably prized as a precious stone , until its commercial and industrial uses were discovered . Feldon concentrates energy . Well , so does a burning glass . So what ? That 's not a bad analogy , but given the right conditions , Feldon is infinitely more efficient . Infinitely more efficient ? - I use the word deliberately . - But did you use it accurately ? The Federation is investing 200 billion credits on the project . For unlimited energy , I would say that that was cheap at the price . - So would I. Where ? - Where what ? Where do we steal the Feldon crystals from ? GAMBIT : Alarm signal from Orbiter . Yes , I heard that . Thank you , Gambit . You really must try and learn that attack is the best method of defence . You 've got yourself into a hopeless tangle here again , you know . Unauthorised personnel have entered Orbiter . We have visual contact . I wish you 'd concentrate on the game . The security systems are quite capable of coping . In fact , Orbiter 's defence is a lot better than yours . Of course , if this stuff does blow up planets by mistake , we 're going to need to be a bit careful . I mean , do we really need money that badly , I ask myself . The crystals themselves are safe enough , I assume . The Federation 's mistake was to underestimate the system potential . So much energy built up that it became unstable . What you are now looking at is a blueprint of what the Mark II version will look like . It 's a tiny power station . Cheap to produce , small enough to transport in a cargo ship , and capable of developing enough power to make a minus 250 degree planet workable . What , using energy from fairly distant stars concentrated through the crystals ? - Could you run a ship on it ? - You could run anything on it in theory . That 's why the Federation is staking so heavily . The consignment we are after is worth approximately 900 million . Let 's get one thing straight . We want it to use , not to sell . We 've seen what it can do . - We can 't risk it getting back to the Federation . - Yes , agreed . Not by me , it 's not . You steal for your reasons , I 'll steal for mine . Why not get it first and quarrel about it later ? This is not going to be easy . For one thing , the consignment has already been stolen from the Federation . They are not going to be pleased about it when they find out . Secondly , it is protected by a security system that is supposed to be impassable . They 're all supposed to impassable . And thirdly ... ORAC : And thirdly , you may already have missed your chance . The following message has just come in from Sector 9 . Dayna . ( Beeping ) " Federation security may reveal target . Going in at once . " The fool ! Get the ship ready for launch . - What happened to that rest we all needed ? - It just got too damned expensive . Eureka ! I really will have to re-programme you again . You don 't last any time at all these days . Are you going to resign on this last one ? Or do we have to go through the motions ? There are 380 possible endings from this position . Defeat is by no means inevitable . Have it your own way . We both know you 've lost . ( Laughing ) COMPUTER : Next player , please . Obviously not a natural games player . Well , you 've either got it or you haven 't , I suppose . I suppose . COMPUTER : Next player , please . ( Beeping ) Oh , not bad . Not bad at all . You 're beginning to get sneaky . I like that . Do you want to resign now , or shall we go through the motions ? So , Avon , are you going to tell us what 's going on now ? I didn 't think we would have to move on this so soon . And that made it unnecessary to tell us ? And in the meantime , you were doing deals with outsiders . - There were no deals and there were no risks . - What about the message ? The man who sent that knows where the base is , and that 's a risk . He has no idea where the base is . All messages were beamed via an obsolete communications beacon in Sector 4 . So who is he , this partner we didn 't know we had ? His name is Gerren . Academician Gerren . GERREN : Seriously wounded , I need help . I repeat , Gerren calling Scorpio . Avon , if you 're coming to the rendezvous point , hurry ! He 's been shot . He looks bad . So , why should this middle-aged Federation professor want to help you , Avon ? Because apart from being a brilliant geologist and an expert in mining techniques , he is also greedy , avaricious , and a crook . - Has he got any faults ? - How do you know so much about him ? I got Orac to tap the Federation data banks for information concerning the Feldon project . - Gerren is part of the survey team . - It sounds respectable enough . He was working on a deep space project , searching out mining planets . If you run the relevant sets of figures together , you will see that he delayed his information just long enough to manipulate the commodities market . - That 's not really crooked . - You tell that to his Federation masters . Is that what you threatened to do ? I merely reminded him that since I got the information from the Federation computers , somebody else might also piece it together . In which case , he would find himself in a penal colony . - So you blackmailed him . - Naturally . He 's coming round . Gerren , that was a damn fool thing to do . You could have ruined everything . Didn 't have much choice . The Federation smelt a rat . I wanted to get the stuff out before their team arrived . - You should leave that sort of thing to us . - I told you , there was no time . Besides , from what I 've heard , she might be more than a match for you . Well , now . Just who are they sending ? Your move . Oh , I must greet our opponents , Gambit . I 'm glad to see they 're punctual at least . ( Beeping ) We 're honoured by your visit , Commissioner Sleer . I wouldn 't call it a visit , Belkov . That makes it sound like a holiday , which it isn 't . And I doubt whether you 'll feel honoured by the time I 'm finished with you . You 've been placed under house arrest , pending the results of my investigations . Yes , well , Mecron II is a very strange planet . You 'll find it difficult to investigate without my help . I could have you executed on the spot , you know . Yes , that is true . But that would guarantee you didn 't get the Feldon crystals , and that wouldn 't enhance your reputation with the Federation , would it ? By the way , what am I being arrested for ? Production has been consistently below target . Your excuses have been , to say the least , evasive . Accidents to members of the previous survey team for which we have yet to receive satisfactory explanations . What do you expect ? This is a strange place . We 're working under difficulties . This isn 't a game , Belkov . We want those crystals and we want them now . And I 'm the only one who can get them for you . It is a game , Commissioner , and I hold the winning hand . No hand is a winning hand until it 's played , Belkov . You should know that . We 've still got one advantage . She doesn 't know about the crystals Belkov 's hidden in the Orbiter . We do . It didn 't do Gerren and his friends much good , did it ? Well , no , but Soolin 's right though . Servalan will be more worried about the mining , the stuff they 're digging up now , won 't she ? Unfortunately they 're not digging up anything much . There 's virtually no Feldon left . Belkov has milked this planet for 12 good years . Now he knows the game 's up , he wants to use the crystals to buy his survival . - So he 'll do a deal . - With Servalan ? - He 'll certainly try . - I wish him luck . So do I. Why deal when you can steal isn 't just my motto . It 's not that easy . The ship 's stacked with booby traps . We couldn 't even get past the first one . - Master . - Yes , Slave ? There appears to be someone on Mecron II attempting to make contact with us , Master . But there shouldn 't be anyone there who knows we 're coming . - They seem to be getting impatient . - Who does ? I fear I 'm unable to identify them , Master . I regret this failure most bitterly . Orac ? The message is coming via a Federation-class Alpha-197 computer . It appears to have been modified in rather extraordinary ways . Spare us the technical details , just give us the message . It offers visual contact . Do we accept ? Well , since they obviously know us , and we don 't know them ... Quite . All right , Dayna . - Good day to you . - Belkov ! - Gerren ? - Yes . So you survived . Oh , well done ! But no points for you , I fear . I shall have to mark you down as " retired hurt " . - Can we get to the point ? - Yes , perhaps you 're right . It wouldn 't do either of us any good if that Federation squadron picked this up . I have jammed them on these frequencies , of course . Oh , considerate . - What exactly do you want ? - Rescue . - From whom ? - Well , I 've been placed under house arrest . There are a number of faceless Federation guards marching around my corridors . I want you to get me off this planet safely before things get worse . What 's in it for us ? Half the Feldon crystals in my ship Orbiter . What guarantee do we have that you 'll give them to us ? Well , I imagine you 'll kill me if I don 't . Well , we might kill you anyway and take them all . Well , I 'll just have to trust you , won 't I ? - He doesn 't usually trust anyone . - So what makes us so appealing ? Well , I do have one or two good cards to play , I suppose . For instance ? You 're on an approach which takes you below the Mecron moons and Orbiter . Yes . As you probably know , Orbiter is powered through Feldon crystals . By using them and reflectors on the moon , I could set up a series of force fields . You 'd find getting away from this planet a lot harder than getting to it . - Multiple traction beams . - Exactly . Powerful enough to stop a ship leaving orbit ? I don 't believe it . Your friend Avon does . ( Alarm beeping ) Oh , I have a visitor approaching . Don 't be too long . Well , what do you think ? - I wouldn 't trust him as far as I could throw him . - That wouldn 't be far . - As I see it , we don 't have much choice . - Which is exactly the way he wants you to see it . Four of my men have been murdered . Yes , I did try to warn you , but you didn 't give me much of an opportunity . What do you mean ? Well , the locals do have some rather nasty habits . Ritual murder is only one of them . You never mentioned this in your reports . You could have had backup forces . I didn 't need backup . I managed things for myself . I came to an agreement with the Mecronians . Did this agreement include the killing of my men ? - Of course not ! - Of course not . Look , do you realise the problems I had setting up this entire mining operation ? Theirs is a very ancient civilisation , you know . - I didn 't come here for a history lesson . - It is relevant . The Mecronian high priests use these as a symbol of their power . Now there is a legend about the Feldon necklaces . A chief once stole one , the gods became angry and struck him down . Of course , the Gods ' anger was merely an electrical storm in which a hunk of polished Feldon crystals that size would absorb enough energy to blow holes in any number of recalcitrant chiefs . How fascinating . You see , the priests have been cashing in on this piece of luck for generations . So I decided to join them . I said their Gods had sent me to collect the crystals . Well , not unnaturally , they weren 't particularly impressed . Well , not at first anyway . - I can imagine . - So I borrowed a necklace . All it needed then was a well-placed , remote-controlled laser rifle to ensure that only the chosen one could wear it . After six of them had died in the attempt , they found my survival quite miraculous . Your survival is becoming more miraculous by the moment . Just what sort of swindle are you working ? I beg your pardon . On your own original estimates , you 've delivered half the expected yield from this mine . Where 's the rest ? Either it never existed , which is fraud , or you 've stolen it . It 's a capital offence either way . - You 'd better lead the way . Are you up to it ? - I 'll be all right . - Have you been improving the guns again ? - Funny man . - It 's a Mecronian knife . - VILA : Not too keen on visitors then . Good shot though . If he hadn 't already been dead , you 'd have saved our lives for certain . - Oh , do I get the prize ? - Sorry , disqualified on a technicality . I 'd still rather not meet the owner of this , too soon . How long can Gerren stay on his feet ? There 's no telling . Until the drug wears off . - Get ready to leave orbit . - Leave orbit ? I don 't mind playing games , but I do object when the opposition makes up the rules and decides to be the referee as well . And I think we should try and even things up a bit . How ? Belkov trusts no one , which is a strength , because that means that no one can betray him . But it is also a weakness because it means that he is the only one who can defend what is his . So ? He makes everything self-protecting . The booby traps , the force fields . Exactly , everything automatic , and therefore predictable . And therefore vulnerable . - Slave . - Yes , Master ? I want you to compute a new orbit , so that from the planet 's surface , Scorpio is constantly eclipsed by the Orbiter . Yes , Master . He 'll be suspicious as soon as you move . If we leave our present orbit , as far as he is concerned , we 're pulling out , we 're cutting our losses and we 're running for it . He 'll turn his attention to more important matters and leave his automatics to track us . Once we have that moon between us and the scanner , we can start back down again . Since his automatics won 't be able to track us , they will merely inform him of what he thinks he already knows . We have gone . What happens to Tarrant and the others meantime ? Well ... During the manoeuvre , they are entirely on their own . But once we are in our new orbit , the teleport system should function quite normally . It 's a calculated risk . But at least you and I can be certain that we can get away when we want to . - What 's going on ? - High pressure reduction process . Yeah , but what 's going on ? That 's the pressure container . An electro-magnetic field produces such high pressure that everything except the Feldon crystals is reduced to a fine dust . Avon . Avon . Avon , come in . It 's no good , I still can 't raise him . Put down your weapons . Slowly . In front of you . - Well done , Vila . - Sorry . This is a restricted area . I am Academician Gerren , doing geological survey work for the Planetary Resources Commission . Papers ? That seems to be in order . - You ? - They are part of my survey team . I still need to see their papers . I seem to have left mine behind . Then I 'm sure you won 't object to being searched . Search him . Four of our men have been killed with a knife like that . You don 't think ... I mean , I 'm not the violent type , really I 'm not . - Then why do you carry that ? - I found it . - Where ? - It was stuck in one of your men . Vila , down ! Nasty way to go . All that dust , very bad for the chest . I really must object . I mean , it 's taken me years to get these things together . I mean , there 's no point in your destroying them . We asked for your co-operation , you wouldn 't give it . I 'd hardly be stupid enough to hide a consignment of stolen crystals in here now , would I ? No ? Where would you put them then ? ( Snickering ) - Try the computer . - I wouldn 't do that if I were you . Go ahead . ( Screaming ) I did warn him . You see , Gambit is programmed to defend itself . I really think cooperation would be the best idea for both of us . That 's what I 've been offering you all along . - Well , I didn 't find your terms very attractive . - What do you have in mind ? First , I think this gentleman should stop threatening me . Then I just want to get away from here safely to have enough capital to continue my researches in peace somewhere else . You mean you expect the Federation to pay you for something you 've already stolen from them . I think I 'll just turn you over to my interrogation team . You 'll give them what they want in the end . I could tell you where you could get your hands on some outlaws , just as a sign of good faith , of course . - I 'm listening . - Avon , Vila , Tarrant . I understand the Federation would like them put out of circulation . I don 't believe you could deliver . They 're already here on the planet . You 'd have them within 24 hours . - And the crystals ? - They 'd be part of the deal . Another triumph for Commissioner Sleer . - Perhaps , we can do business after all . - Good , then without appearing to be greedy , I 'd like to discuss the question of my payment first . The Federation 's been paying you for 12 years . - I 'd say you 're lucky to get out with your life . - I wouldn 't . I want Orac , my ship , and enough Feldon crystals to negotiate my way round the galaxy . You 're getting a bargain , and you know it . Guards ! Oh , well . I got blamed for one of their killings . Vila ! - Come on , as fast as you can , they won 't be long . - I realise that . - Right , I want you to get into cover and wait . - Out here , alone ? - Belkov may double-cross us . - I should think that 's highly likely . What do you expect me to do about it ? - Mount a one-man rescue ? - Something like that . They 're after blood . My blood . - Tell them you 've already given . - We need backup , Vila . I don 't like it any more than you do , but without Scorpio , you 're it . Now go . Avon . Come in , Avon . Avon , if you 're up there , please answer . This is not fun anymore . You have achieved the new orbit with consummate skill , Master . Thank you , Slave . I 'm releasing manual control . - Watch out for any deviation in the Orbiter . - Yes , Master . Well , that should keep Belkov guessing . Now let 's see if we can do anything about getting those crystals . - Orac . - Yes , Avon ? Tell me everything you know about Belkov 's 197 computer . You suggested I spared you the technical details . Oh , don 't sulk , Orac . I have a little more time now . The modifications are very extensive . It 's inaccurate to call it a 197 anymore . It 's really a sort of hybrid . For example , a whole section of its memory banks are from a PPC class unit . A pleasure planet computer . That means it plays games . The total effect is a system which responds in what I can only describe as an eccentric manner . What does that mean ? A computer must , by definition , be logical . But it can also mirror the logic of its creator . - You mean it 's an extension of his mind . - No , that is not what I mean . - His personality , then . - A better definition , but still not quite accurate . Would it know how the booby traps on the Orbiter are programmed ? As yet , I don 't have enough data to answer that question . If it knew , could you extract the information from it ? Come on ! That 's a simple enough question . - There might be problems . - Why ? You have extracted information from Federation computers before now . This is just a hodgepodge of three or four of them . You have already said that it is inferior to you . The difficulty is not technical . It 's more one of attitude . ( Exclaiming ) - You mean the logic of its creator . - Exactly . Let me remind you of ancient Earth mythology . The Delphic Oracle would answer questions truthfully without giving a true answer . So what we need is not the right answer , but the right question . And in circumstances where any mistake would prove fatal . Do come in . Your guns are quite unnecessary , unless you have some urgent reason for killing me , that is . Oh , that 's always a possibility . There are a lot of Federation troops about , as you might have noticed , and I did mention to Commissioner Sleer you might be dropping in . Well , that sounds like an urgent reason for killing you . Yes , but you see , if you did , Gambit is programmed to raise the alarm . Wouldn 't help me , I know , but it would ensure that you were captured and executed . Look , I don 't care if she gets the crystals or you do , I just want to get safely out of this place . - We 're not keen on staying here , either . - Oh , really ? Can you explain why your friend , Avon , has taken your ship out of orbit ? - That 's not true . - You couldn 't raise him on the communicator . - Avon wouldn 't run out on us . - I wish I had your faith in him . Still , whatever the reason , it calls for some slight change of plan . Are you still capable of piloting one of these Federation ships ? - It 's what I was trained for . - Good . - Gambit . - Yes , Belkov . Slow down . We 'd like to know exactly what you 're doing , so there can be no misunderstandings . I was going to instruct Gambit to contact Commissioner Sleer , give her your position and advise her to take her men and arrest you . You 'll be dead before you get the first sentence out . That would be a pity , you see , because the place I was going to send her is held to be sacred by the Mecronians . They 're a primitive bunch , but they do take their religion rather seriously . And if she goes marching in there with her men , she 'll have a fight on her hands . At least long enough for us to steal one of her ships . Avon . Avon , are you up there ? Avon , come in , please . Avon . Go ahead , Vila . We 've been trying to contact you for an hour . What the hell have you been doing , taking a nap ? I 've been doing what we came for . How about you ? Nothing much , I 've been shot at , trodden on , nearly captured twice . And now I think they 're trying to blow me up . A fairly average day , you know . - What the hell 's going on ? - They 're not aimed at you . I wish you 'd tell them that . Teleport me back up , will you ? Not yet , you 've still got work to do . They 're hiding somewhere here . Find out what they know . ( Singing solemnly ) - How long are we going to wait for those two ? - As long as it takes . If Orac is going to get any information out of that machine , this is the way he 's going to do it . - Who 's winning ? - We 've both made sacrifices . - He means that Gambit is . - A temporary advantage . - To an inferior computer ? - Which merely disguises my long-term strategy . Let 's forget your ego for the moment . Have you extracted any information that can be of use to us yet ? Gambit has evolved into its present form over a number of years . That 's true of all computers . You adapt them , you improve them . But these adaptations seem entirely haphazard . Some circuits have been added merely for amusement . Others , the defence mechanisms for instance , are surprisingly complex . But they all perform the same function . Belkov does not trust anyone except that machine . It is his bodyguard , his companion , his playmate ... his friend , Orac . No , that implies an emotional tie , which is no part of a computer 's function . These adaptations , if they went in haphazardly , could they be removed the same way ? A lot of them have been . There are circuits in the PPC section that serve no function at all now . It seems that games are added at a whim , and when the adaptor gets bored with them , taken out again . So every function can be isolated and removed . Exactly . ( Exclaiming ) Come on ! ( Communicator ringing ) AVON : Vila . Look , if you don 't teleport me soon , it 'll be too late . There are Federation guards everywhere , bombs going off ... That 's just Belkov tidying things before he leaves . I 'm going to bring you up . About time . As soon as you 've collected a circuit from his computer . Oh , no . Detonation series completed . Thank you , Gambit . It 's time we left . It is a bit longer this way , but it 's safer than going above ground . Oh , we 're right under the takeoff area . Here . Tarrant ! Forget it , Dayna , they 're blast protection doors , both jammed from the outside . Well , we walked into that with our eyes open . - Avon , this is Dayna ... - That won 't work either . Even if he 's there , he couldn 't hear us . We 're under the launch area , remember ? That 's what this emergency blast protection 's for . There 's so much shielding up there , he wouldn 't hear us if he was standing directly overhead . I don 't understand . If Belkov wanted to give us to Servalan , why didn 't he do it straight away ? I think I can answer that . I 've surveyed the whole of this planet and there 's no Feldon left . This new mining site was just another way of swindling credits out of the Federation . So those bombs weren 't just a diversion . No , he 's hoping to destroy the evidence . And when the dust settles , we 're here to take the blame for sabotage as well as everything else . ( Beeping ) Gambit ? Look , let 's get one thing straight from the start , I don 't mean you any harm , not personally . I 'm sure you 're a miracle of engineering and I bet you 're not as bad-tempered as Orac . I just want one of your circuits , that 's all . Now you 've got plenty to spare , so there 's no need for us to get into a fight about it . - Gambit . - Yes , Belkov ? - Give me a security scan . - Security scan operative . - Mining area ? - Three . - Main entrance ? - Eleven . - What 's Commissioner Sleer doing ? - Thirteen . - Tarrant and the others ? - Fourteen . - Orbiter ? - Twenty-one . - Good , that 's the lot . - Security scan completed . - Gambit . - Yes , Belkov ? I 'm leaving this planet . I have to . There 's nothing for me here now . Prepare Alpha Three for takeoff . Start countdown as soon as possible . Launching preparations underway . I can 't take you with me . I need you to finish off things here . When I 'm clear of Mecron atmosphere , go to Condition Red . When all other tasks have been performed ... ( Anxiously ) Yes ? Look , I can 't take you with me . You can see that , can 't you ? You 're needed here , but you can 't be left intact either . After all the trouble I 've been to destroy the evidence , I can hardly leave you with memory banks full of it , can I ? Is there some other function you wish me to carry out ? When all other tasks have been performed go to self-destruct sequence as programmed . - Gambit . - Yes , Belkov ? I shall miss you . I don 't suppose that concept could possibly mean anything to you . I just thought I 'd mention it . Look , you 'll probably say it 's none of my business , but if somebody told me to kill myself for them , they 'd get a short answer . Are you just programmed to respond to Belkov ? Can you hear me ? Can you talk to me ? Would you like to play something ? I 'm programmed for all games . That 's very kind of you , madam , but not at the moment , thanks . Look , if you 're programmed to defend yourself , surely you shouldn 't self-destruct . The self-destruct sequence overrides all others . That seems a bit of a waste . If you could let me have that circuit I mentioned , it 'd be a sort of way for you to live on , wouldn 't it ? That 'd be much better than being blanked out forever . I must complete all tasks set . Yes , of course , but if you could let me have that circuit and any chance of security scan fourteen again ? Security scan fourteen . Do you require voice contact ? That wouldn 't be a bad idea , and if you could open the door , that would be even better . VILA : Tarrant , this is your one-man backup team . I think it 's time we got out of here . - Where are you , Vila ? - Belkov 's living quarters . We 'll be right there . ( Vila whistling ) ( Alarm ringing ) Avon , can you hear me ? Avon ? I don 't believe this . - Gambit ! - Yes , Vila ? - Is there another way out of here ? - Scan seventeen . This leads to the mining area . There is some damage . It is extensive , but not impassable . We 'll risk it . Come on ! Avon , bring us up quick . Are you ready to explain why you betrayed your position of trust , Gerren ? It ... It was Belkov . He was the one that betrayed the Federation . I see . And you 've been associating with rebels in order to expose him , is that it ? He didn 't send back more than half of the Feldon that was mined . He kept it for himself . He 's been doing it for years . Odd how you never mentioned that before . All right , I admit I wanted to get in on it myself at first , but now ... Now you 're frightened and you need medical help . And you think information might save you . The crystals are in the Orbiter . But Belkov 's booby-trapped it , so he thinks they 're safe . There must be a billion in crystals up there . Maybe more . Anything else ? AVON : Dayna , we 're down safe in Orbiter and proceeding . GAMBIT : Countdown , 12 minutes , 20 seconds and running . What does that mean ? I imagine it means that if we 're not out of here by the time it hits zero , we might regret it . GAMBIT : Control system feedback is through the weapon . The game adjusts to meet , and on the last shot exceed the proficiency of the players . You have to outshoot yourself . - Stupid game . - Not really . Finally a game worth playing . Stand back . Yes , Slave ? Scan reveals several launchings from the planet 's surface . Initial launch , small cargo vessel , Alpha 3 . Subsequent launchings confirmed as Federation pursuit ships . Bearings indicate all ships heading in this direction . Thank you , Slave . Avon ! - Yes , Dayna ? - Keep it moving , company on its way . We 're doing our best . GAMBIT : Final shot . The machine will outdraw you . - No prize ? - The prize is survival . Orac , can you find out where we go from here ? Sensors indicate that all the other games are laid against the outside hull of the ship . Therefore , logic suggests that only Machine IV could give access to any inner chamber . - This is based on an old LFS . - LFS ? Yeah , Launch and Flight Simulator . I trained on one . You 've had some practice then . That 's a bit of luck . Well , not exactly . These things chuck the lot at you . Flying the real thing 's nothing after one of these . GAMBIT : Countdown , 8 minutes , still running . - Get on with it , Tarrant . - All right , all right , taking her up . Slave , what 's the position of those Federation ships now ? The leading ship will be within firing range in one minute , madam . Thank you . Do you wish me to begin evasive or defensive action ? - No , not yet . Avon ! - Yes , Dayna ? I know you 've got problems of your own , but those Federation ships could be firing on us in seconds . - Any suggestions ? - Just sit tight , Dayna . The Orbiter is between you and them . My guess is that they 're too interested in what 's inside to risk hitting it . Damage report . COMPUTER : Retro-stabilizers out of action , slight fracture to radiation skin , reduction in pressure . Damage to energy banks makes landing decision imperative . Successful landing will score 30 % more than stable orbit . Failure to achieve either , forfeits all scores . Decide . Orbit . Orbit achieved . Points score ... acceptable . GAMBIT : Countdown , 5 minutes , 10 seconds and running . - Vila , what do you make of this ? - It 's a fingerprint lock . When it recognises the print , it opens the door . Looks standard enough . - How long ? - Half an hour or so , and I could bypass it . We don 't have half an hour ! I know that , but unless you can cut off one of Belkov 's fingers for me ... Just a minute . - Vila , what are you doing ? - Dust . I need very fine dust . That 's probably half the guard you threw in that machine , Tarrant . In the old days , one of the ways of shifting suspicion , was by lifting fingerprints . There . Let 's hope one of these is Belkov 's . It worked ! How many more of these have we got to go through ? ORAC : Gambit 's circuits indicate that this is the final game . This is the Orbiter 's central guidance system . DAYNA : Avon , if I 'm supposed to be using you as a shield , I hope you realise you 're moving out of orbit . What ? Orac , what the hell is going on ? Guidance system control is not functioning . The Orbiter is pre-programmed . Flight power depends on the distance and intensity of each star the Feldon panels are locked into . The successful completion of a game continues the sequence . To regain control , you must complete the coded sequence of star sources . - What about the Feldon crystals ? - Gambit ? GAMBIT : This game will reveal the entrance . All we have to do is lock onto the right star . It is possible that we 've just received the right answer to the wrong question . I calculate that the next star in the sequence is Cygnus XL . - That 's a black hole . - GAMBIT : That is correct . Not exactly the entrance we were looking for . Dayna , we 're ready for teleport . - What about the crystals ? - There aren 't any damn crystals . There never were any damn crystals . They 're like everything else on this ship . A game . That 's why the last one has to be impassable . - We have got to get out of here ! - DAYNA : Stand by . Gambit . Can you hear me , Gambit ? Yes , Belkov . - Position , please . - Your orbit is stable . You 're approaching optimum departure co-ordinates . Fine . Sever guidance links , give me automatic control . - Beginning self-destruct sequence . - I need automatic control first . - Gambit . - I am not able to give it to you . - I 'll be killed if you don 't . - Not willing to give it to you . - Gambit ! - Self-destruct sequence in progress . - I 'm sorry . - Goodbye , Belkov . Gambit , this is no way to end our game . Lock my controls into Cygnus XL and Orbiter 's . - Please ! - Panels locked in . - GAMBIT : Belkov has opened the door . - Into the black hole . That is an infinite power source for the Feldon to draw upon . There is nothing that won 't be dragged in . Orac , if we pushed everything to the limit , could we raise enough power to pull away from it ? - Negative . - But a huge negative force a long way off could be balanced by a positive force close to the crystals . - A somewhat simplistic theory . - Slave , I need all the power we can muster . Sacrifice everything except life support . Blast those Feldon panels with everything we 've got . From this distance ? You 'll blow us up , too ! You 've done it . - Yes , but what have you done ? - Proved my somewhat simplistic theory , Orac . Apparently so . It would appear that positive and negative inputs were balanced by the Feldon crystals . Indeed , the balance was so perfect , that they simply ceased to exist along with everything in their immediate vicinity . I 'm glad we didn 't get too close . But , after all that , we go home empty-handed . Not entirely empty-handed . Well , I saw it lying about . Seemed a pity not to take it . After all , Belkov won 't be needing it where he 's gone . Let me see that . I 'd say the last game was mine , wouldn 't you ? I have bad news for you , Vila . It 's a fake . End game to Belkov .
