 Despite our bonded technology there are 24 rats for every man , woman , and child alive today . In our country alone , they will destroy over one billion dollars worth of property annually and consume one fifth of all the food crops planted in the world . So why is the war on the rat being lost ? Because of our total degradation of the environment and their presence serves to remind us of failures we 'd rather ignore . Oh yes , man has made the barren valleys bloom but now there are new deserts of his own creation . He 's learned to make the rivers run backwards and move mountains . But he has ruined the air and even threatened the oceans with destruction . This ecosystem that we live in is a bewildering complexity of action and reaction . A delicate balance of nature . We dare not alter without first understanding . Now in considering the environment and mankind 's relation to it here today . Let me conclude with an expression , familiar to all of you I think , Quite plainly , indeed " It isn 't nice to fool Mother Nature . " Thank you . I know we 're all grateful to Doctor Spencer for his time and for his insights today . While we 're waiting for the buses , I 'd urge you all to take a few minutes and look around the museum . Thank you . Well , they all seem to be paying attention , with the exception of a few I noticed . You know something ? Your lectures get better every year Lewis . Nonsense , you just didn 't listen to them when I had you in class , that 's all . No , that 's not true . Well , thanks again for letting me bring the kids here . It 's the only time I get to see you anymore . - I know . - How 's Nina ? Well , I don 't see her too much except to talk about lawyers and child support . Sorry about that . I was hoping you two would get things worked out together . Yeah , me too . - See you . - Thanks a lot . Bus is leaving . You better get moving Trudy . I 'll be right with you . So , where 's Liz today ? She was going to cut school while her parents were gone . Got to make him forget he 's a teacher by reminding him that he 's a man . Then something they call animal magnetism is supposed to take over . Mind if I sit here ? No , not at all Trudy . You and Trudy doing anything tonight ? I don 't know , she 's been acting really weird lately . Chicks can be weird . Yeah , I now but she 's up to something . I just haven 't figured out what it is yet . Okay , Charlie , we can go . I thought that that was a fascinating lecture Mr. Harris . Well , I 'm glad you liked it Trudy . Especially what he said about how civilized man has lost touch with his basic animal self . I mean , don 't you sometimes feel that there 's an animal inside you just waiting for a chance to escape ? Well , I suppose we all feel like that sometimes . George . Yeah . I want a department truck and two crews down here this afternoon . What are you going to do ? You 're in violation of at least six health department codes . I 'm going to half to condemn all of this corn . Come on . It 'll be shipped out of here in a couple of days . It 's a health hazard . It 's infested with rodents . It 's all going to have to be destroyed immediately . - All that stuff too ? - All of it . This corn 's going to Africa . It will help a lot of hungry people . Are you kidding ? This is animal feed . You can 't feed this to human beings . It 's full of steroids . - There are no steroids in this grain . - There are steroids in the grain . It 's not going to be shipped anywhere . We 'll see what my lawyers have to say about that . You may get all the lawyers that you like . This grain is a threat to public health . There isn 't a court in the country that 'll back you . Look , Miss Leonard , I 've got a lot of money tied up in this inventory . I could make it worth your while , if you give us a break . There will be a department truck here this afternoon . Well , guess we 'll get down . Would you mind turning down the stereo ? We can hear it all over the neighborhood . No problem . Thank you . Hey , when did Liz say her parents were going to be back ? I think she said in about a week . That 's good . The neighbors will be cooled off by then . Hey , are you off in the ozone again ? You 're not still hung up on that Mr. Harris are you ? I 'm not " hung up . " I just sometimes wonder whether if I 'm missing out on something by being with Matt . I mean , he can be so boring . Mr. Harris is really exciting . Exciting ? You have your own car , you 're a cheerleader . What else do you want ? But he 's so sophisticated . He 's been to Europe . He 's even been married . He really understands women . - Listen to this . - What are you doing ? Calling his answering machine . Hello , I 'm Paul Harris and I 'm sorry I missed your call . Is that a voice to die for or what ? At the tone , please leave your message and I 'll get back to you as quickly as possible . Thank you . Well ? Does Matt know about this ? No way . He 's old enough to be your father ! Oh , he is not . Besides , I bet it would be great with an older man . I bet it will never happen . How much ? A month 's allowance ? You 're on . Where are you going ? I 've got to feed the baby . Hi sweetie . Guys , could you turn it down please . Yeah , I 'll get right on it Liz . Yummy . Yum yum . One more . There we go . Let 's see if Caroline can eat by herself , okay ? While big sister makes sure her friends don 't completely destroy mommy and daddy 's house . You guys ! Turn it down ! Just my parents went away , not the whole neighborhood . Relax Liz . Yeah , c 'mon in . Hey Hose ! How ya doing ? Where you guys been ? Oh , we were down at the bowling alley . We stayed late and played a couple games of space invaders . And , of course , I beat the high score again . Well , what do you want to do now ? Let 's go upstairs . I think I 'll go . All right . What do the rest of you want to do then ? Well I 'm starved . I 'm stoned . Well , then , it 's time for a burger run . I got to stay here with Caroline . Come on , she 'll survive . Are you sure you don 't want to come along ? Go on . Besides , I haven 't even started my homework . Do you want us to bring you back anything ? No thanks . Caroline ! Caroline ? Caroline ! Caroline ! Caroline ! Caroline ! Caroline ! One of this days you 're going to get that pretty little ass of yours nailed to the wall . But Nell , the placed looked more like a wildlife refuge than a grainery . It was crawling with rats . I 'm telling you it was a disaster area . I 'm sure it was . But that didn 't mean you had to go rolling in there like a panther division . You know the financial crunch this city 's in ? Money 's tight . The Mayor doesn 't want to do anything to make the business community edgy . That doesn 't change the law . Do you know what they call that Grey area between the letter of the law and the spirit of the law ? Corruption . No , politics . It 's a concept I suggest you learn something about . Mayor 's kind of angry but you 'll be seeing him on Saturday so you can apologize in person . What ? The opening of the new subway spur . I am flying south to terrorize the bass population . So you represent the department . You don 't actually expect me to apologize to him for that ? I 'm on your side dear but after 15 years of running this department , you develop an instinct of when to keep your mouth shut . I can 't believe you 're eating three hamburgers before practice . It 's a perfect motivational food . C 'mon , let 's go . Here hold this for me . Okay , sure . What 's the matter ? My hand . Something bit my hand . Are you okay ? Let 's get the hell out of here . Okay , let 's do it again and this time ... We 're not talking to each other . - All right . - Five , six , seven , eight . Okay , that 's it for tonight . Well ? Well , what ? How 'd it go with Harris . Oh , he gave me a list of books to read because he thought I was so interested in the lecture . Well , you did lay it on pretty thick . I 'm just going to have to try a more direct approach . What are you going to do now ? I don 't know . Hi Mr. Harris , mind if we watch . Not at all . We could use a little encouragement . All right . Set up a 2-1-2 zone and let 's see a little defense . And I want to see you hustle , Matt . All right gentlemen . 20 laps . Hey , " Teach , " his hand . What happened . Kind of had an accident . Something bit me . That 's going to need some stitches . You two guys take him to the emergency room The rest of you clowns hit the showers . That 's it for tonight . Did you see that ? Right down to the bone . Hey . Hi Matt . I 'll see you guys later , okay . Was it something I did ? What ? Come on , this cold shoulder routine the last couple of days . If I did something wrong ... - You didn 't do anything wrong . - Then what 's your problem ? My problem ? Why is everything always my problem . Look , I just want to know what 's the matter ? You are my girlfriend . Oh , you make it sound like some goddamn honor . You don 't own me you know . Sometimes I wish you 'd just leave me alone . You want to be alone ? Huh ? Okay , that suites me fine then . Goodnight coach . Goodnight Steve . Good coverage out there . Mr. Harris ? I have to talk to you . I gather it 's something that can 't wait until third period ? No , it can 't . Mr. Harris I think I 'm falling in love with you . Trudy , I 'm flattered but I 'm not entirely sure you know what you 're talking about . I do , I do . I think about you a lot . Just because you think about somebody a lot doesn 't necessarily mean you love them . It 's the way I think about you . The things I imagine us doing together , like sometimes late at night Trudy , sometimes when you want someone very badly and you can 't have them , you want them even more but that 's not love . What do you call it then ? A crush . Can 't that turn into love ? Yes , if two people want it to . But you don 't ? Trudy , you 're very young . You have your whole life in front of you . What about you ? Call me in about 10 years , all right ? Good night Trudy . Trudy , good night . Good night Mr. Harris . Will power Harris . - Hello Bill . - Hi Paul . How 's Logan ? Well , anytime you 're dealing with an animal bite you 've got a tricky situation because of the threat of secondary infection . Now , since we don 't know what bit David , I 've started him on the Pasteur vaccine as a precaution against rabies . You have no idea at what got hold of him ? Well , the close set punctures would indicates some kind of rodent . But the bite itself is much larger than anything I 'm familiar with . Now , if I had to guess , I 'd say something in the order of a Great Dane , except that dogs don 't have the jaw pressure to snap through those metacarpels that cleanly . He 's in here . Hey , Hose . Hey coach . I can see you 're being very well taken care of here . - We were just talking about you . - You were ? How are you doing ? I 'm Paul Harris . - Hi , Kelly Leonard . - Nice to meet you . I hear our patient here is quite the basketball star . Yeah , he is when he shows up to practice . That 's from the guys . Hey , thanks . Kelly 's from the health department . She 's trying to answer that burning question , " Just what bit David Hoserman ? " So far we 're not having much luck . A lot of laughs , though . Well , I 'm sure you two have a little strategy you 'd like to talk over , so I 'll leave you to it . If either you or your friend think of anything that might help , - just give me a call at the office . - Okay . It 's nice to meet you . Yes , you too . Take care . Hey , Kelly . It 's been real . Good night Henry . Good night , Catharine . George . You 're a half an hour late . Aww , come on Kelly . The boss has been gone for a long weekend and when the cats away , the mice are supposed to play . You understand what I mean ? I understand what you mean . Since you 're such an authority on life , I have a job for you . Come look at this . The phone 's been ringing off the hook all morning with reports of rodent damage all through this area . 18th Street sewer line . That 's right , and it empties right there . The grill . Exactly . So you think they 're coming uptown through the sewer and you want me to go down there and check ' em out ? Right . Wrong . I 'm tired of crawling underground . That 's your job . You 're a field inspector . Well , maybe I should find me some other kind of work because it ain 't like the old days when I started in pest control . It 's gettin ' bad , and dangerous , and ugly down there Kelly . Would you believe that other day I saw a rat this big ? Are you through ? Naw , I mean it . He was this big . Well , while your checking into other career opportunities , perhaps you could go and check out the drain for me please . That sucker was this big ! Okay , buddy . Oh , c 'mon dad . - Hi . - Hi . Hope you 're not stopping on my account . No , we 've reached the end of the line , thank God . Can I go and play hide and seek ? All right . But don 't go too far . Do you come here a lot ? Well , this is our turf , you might say . Timmy lives with his mother , but I get him on weekends . He knows a lot of the kids here , so this is where we come to play . How old is he ? Well , if you ask him , he 's about five and three quarters . But he 's really about five and a half . He 's pretty tall for his age , It won 't be long before you have him out in the courts trying out for the pros . Oh , I don 't think so . He has his heart set on being a railroad engineer . He knows just about everything there is to know about trains . Really ? You a jogger ? A runner , please . A runner . No , actually , I 'm an ice cream addict . This is my penance . Mississippi one , Mississippi two , Mississippi three , Mississippi five , Mississippi six , Mississippi eight , Mississippi 10 . See you around . Take care . Nice to see you again . Tim ! You in for it now . Because I got some shit in my truck that 's going to get rid of all you asses . When I get through using this shit , you 're going to wish you never ran into the George Foskins . I bet there 's a nest of these bastards down here . Ain 't this a bitch . Tim ! Tim ! Damn , I could have sworn I heard somethin Son of a bitch . Sons of bitch ! Get back . I 'll get your ass . Let 's go pal . Gee Dad you 're pretty good at this game . You bet I am . C 'mon , let 's go home . Mrs. Trumbull , You look great . Did you do something different to your hair ? Thank you Kelly . Yes , I did as a matter of fact . I have a hot date tonight so I got a permanent . Like it ? Looks fabulous . It must be a serious romance . I don 't know about that . I just think at 75 I ought to be sewing my oats instead of sitting around my apartment . Looks don 't last forever you know . Well , that 's true . Well , enjoy yourself tonight . I 'll see you later . - Thank you . - Bye . Let 's see , preheat oven to 400 degrees . Pull back foil to expose dessert . Place frozen dinner in oven , for approximately 40 minutes . Harris , you 're a damn genius . Hello . Hi , Paul ? It 's Kelly Leonard calling . The woman you met this morning and can 't seem to get rid of . How you doin ' ? I 'm not sure how to ask you this . No , I don 't think you 're carrying any communicable diseases . I was wondering if you might have dinner with me tonight if you 're not doing anything else ? Well . Actually , I do have dinner plans for the evening but I believe that I can change them . As a mater of fact , I 'm sure that I can . I will pick you up at seven . Great , all right . Okay , bye bye . I 'm right in the middle . My oldest sister is a doctor . My younger sister 's a lawyer . You 'd think my mother would be pleased about this , yes ? No , no . My mother is deeply disappointed that none of her daughters are dental hygienists . It 's true . When my younger sister Lois went to Harvard Law school , my mother cried thinking she had deliberately disobeyed her . You don 't look as lonely as you did in the park today . Did I look lonely ? A little . You thought you 'd be my angel of mercy and rescue me . Absolutely . No , I saw the same look in my eyes . You sorry I called ? Not a bit . You want to come up . You bet . Why don 't you build a fire , there 's some kindling there . Great . Would you like a drink ? I 'd love a drink . What 'll you have ? Brandy if you 've got it . Well , you 've got it . Hello . What 's wrong ? What 's wrong ? Jesus , wha ... where ? Okay , I 'll be right there . Paul , Paul . The phone company guy found him this morning . We won 't have positive ID until the autopsy but , it 's definitely Foskins . What was the cause of death ? Hard to say . Rats got to the body before the coroner did , so there wasn 't much left . Come on , let 's go . Better ? I just keep thinking about something George said the other day . And I ... I thought he was joking . He told me that he had seen this colony of rats that were bigger than normal . Oh , come on . Well , what if he was telling the truth ? Do you think it 's possible they might of attacked him or something ? It 's hard to believe that rats , even sewer rats , would attack a grown man . They 're scavengers , not hunters . My guess is , that he just picked a very bad place to have a heart attack . That 's all . I suppose you 're right . I wish we could be sure about it though . Isn 't there somebody in your department that knows about this sort of stuff , an expert or something ? I 'm the expert . I know everything there is to know about cockroaches but I 'm completely over my head in something like this . Maybe I have somebody you should talk to . You can never eliminate a rat population , you can only manage it . Now , from everything you 've told me I 'd have to say that when those feed lots down at the harbor were burned , the colony was dispersed and went looking for another food supply . And the sewers became their new runway ? Exactly . Runway ? Do you go the same way to work every morning ? Most of the time , yes . Well , rats are much the same . The path they take between their nest and their food supply is called a runway . Do you think it 's possible that this steroid feed could have spawned a new strain of rat ? I mean what happened to George was incredibly brutal . You always hear stories about super rats . As far as I 'm concerned they 're just stories . None of which has never been supported with hard data . No , I 'm afraid that Mr. Foskins died , from whatever cause . Nature took it 's course and he became an unfortunate source of protein for a colony of very hungry scavangers . Brutal , yes . But not unusual . Well , at least you now know what you 're up against . Since you already know where the runway is , it shouldn 't be difficult to wipe them out . Well , we will probably use Rotenone , it 's a zinc phosphide compound . Very effective . But make sure you 've got that sewer line completely sealed because if there is a way out , the rats will certainly find it . Given enough time , they can chew through a quarter inch steel plate . Thanks again , Dr. Spencer . - Thanks Louis . - Glad to be of help . What are you doin ' down there ? All set . Well , this has been a hell of a first date . I hate to leave you but there 's a certain little boy who 's wondering why I haven 't taken him to the park yet . Oh , that reminds me . I 'm supposed to go to the opening of subway spur tonight . I thought maybe because Timmy 's so interested in trains , the two of you might like to come along ? Well , Timmy would love it and ... I believe I could be persuaded . Good . I 'll call you from the office . You 're back . I suppose you heard ? Oh yes , I heard . I certainly heard . The Mayor called , long distance for God 's sake . Told me to get my ass back here . He wanted to know why an emergency order had been issued to fumigate the sewers just when those Washington honcho 's were here for the subway opening ? Did you hear about George ? Yes , I heard . After the Mayor read me the riot act . He read me the report you wrote about George 's mysterious death . For Christ 's sake , what 's that suppose to mean ? What happened was ... I don 't care what happened . I just want to know why you had to call out everything but the Marines . I mean , how are we supposed to keep business here when you circulate reports making a heart attack sound like something out of the Twilight Zone . Are you through ? For now . After the ceremony , the mayor wants to see you in his office . And don 't think it 's for cocktails . All right pal , into the shower . But mom just made me take one this morning . It 's not going to kill you to take another one , you know ? I want to watch cartoons . I don 't like you sittin ' there watching television all the time . All right , I 'm going to grab a quick one before Kelly gets here but then you 're going to take one . What the hell are you doing here ? I had to see you . How 'd you get in here ? Landlord let me in . I told him I was your niece . Get your clothes on and get out of here . Right now . Close that door and get back in front of the television . But you said you didn 't want me to . Get back in front of that television right now . You didn 't come home last night . What the hell business is that of yours . Now , get out of here . But Paul , I love you . No . Oh , hi . Hi . Timmy , do you remember me ? You should be with someone your own age , Trudy . But you 're so much more sophisticated . So much more mature and ... Older , Trudy , older . It all comes with age along with worries and backaches and wrinkles . Is your daddy here ? He 's in there but he doesn 't want to be disturbed , he 's busy . Okay . I 'll sit and wait for him . It 's nothing magic about getting old , believe me . Come on . Paul ? I see why you didn 't want to be disturbed . I didn 't know you were here . Obviously . This is Trudy White , Trudy this is my friend Kelly . Your zipper is undone . Trudy is one of my students . I 'll bet . Believe me , you have this all wrong , Kelly . I know it looks bad , but there 's a very simple explanation . It doesn 't look bad , it looks like you were having a good time . Thanks for everything Paul . I mean , Mr. Harris . Maybe you should get dressed . Yes . Are we still going on the train ride ? I don 't see why not . C 'mon we have to hurry though . Get your scarf . Hey , where are you going ? I 'll bring him back after the dedication . Wait a second . " Hello , this is Paul Harris , " please leave your message " and I 'll get back to you shortly , thank you . " Paul , your lady friend was absolutely right about the rats . What about me ? Well , you 're hardly dressed for the occasion and I 'm late . Besides , you must be worn out , poor thing . I can explain . You don 't owe me an explanation . Just another good time . Come on ! Bye . " Paul , your lady friend was absolutely right about the rats . " " I found teeth marks in the basement of the museum " they were huge , bigger than anything I 've seen . " " Paul , they 've gotten into the subway . " " And with those tunnels as a runway , those rats can go anywhere . " Subway tunnels . Come on ! I don 't have to tell you what this subway extension means to the people of this city . Today , these tracks will take us to the new State Street station but more than that , they 'll carry us headlong into the future . Let 's all go aboard . Hang on your honor , just a couple more please . Thank you . Oh , sorry . Glad you could make it . Ladies and gentlemen . The mayor 's train has just left and will be arriving here in a few minutes . Your mom said I 'd find you here . What 's this for ? I 'm finished with older men , too much hassle . What happened ? I don 't want to talk about it . So , you 're here by yourself ? Here , hold this a sec . Skip asked me out . I mean sort of . He said I could tag along with him and Matt if I wanted to . Matt ? Matt 's going to be here ? God . What am I going to say ? What am I going to do ? Matt , I 'm sorry . You guys , you 're going to miss the beginning . We better get in there . Listen , Skip 's probably going to be late anyway . As usual . You guys go on ahead and I 'll wait here . One popcorn . Has the mayor 's train left yet ? It left five minutes ago . Do you have anything in a red ? These don 't match my uniform . Saw you coming . Here you go . Have a nice day . Before you go , take a look at number five . The pin setter is jammed . Listen , I was supposed to be out of her 10 minutes ago . Then you only owe me another 20 . You were a half hour late this morning . Okay . What the hell is that ? What the hell is this ? The investigation continues into the death of an elderly man found in Ranger Park early this morning . Police have cordoned off the area and aren 't commenting on the cause of ... Ladies and gentlemen . Excuse me , ladies and gentlemen could I have your attention please . We 're sorry for the delay but ... we 'll be getting underway in just a few moments . Thank you . What the hell is the matter ? Power 's out , there 's probably a short in the line somewhere . I don 't care what it is you have to do . Just get this train moving , understand ? Oh , Matt . Oh God , I missed you . All units . Emergency code three . Hutton bowling alley . Requesting all available medical personnel and facilities . Unit 's five and six responding at Foxhills shopping mall . All fire units and repeat , code three request for any additional medical personnel . Fire sections 10 and 12 respond to Crest Theater . Reporting many critical and dead . Ladies and gentlemen . We are sorry to announce that the Mayor 's train has been delayed due to mechanical difficulties . We ask that you please bear with us . Attention please everybody . Because of our power outage I 'm afraid we 'll be unable to to continue to our destination . We must , therefore , ask your cooperation in evacuating the train at this time . If you will please exit through the doors at this end of the car , Transit authority personnel will be there to escort you to State Street station . We apologize for this inconvenience . Hey ! I didn 't spend a hundred million dollars of taxpayers ' money to arrive at the ribbon cutting ceremony on foot . Now I warn you , get this train moving . I 'd like to help you , your honor , but I just talked to the people at headquarters and they don 't know how long it will take to switch this line over to another transformer . It could take 10 minutes ... could take 10 hours . Hey , Pete . You 're not going to hold us all hostage down here are you ? We 're going to get a chance to walk in the tunnel ? Sure are . You hold my hand when you get down there . Sorry sir , this is a private party . This station isn 't open to the public yet . I have to go in there , it 's important . Take it easy , pal . The train 's broken down so there isn 't anything to see anyway . Broken down where ? In between stations . They 're evacuating the passengers now . You don 't understand officer , I have to go in there . No , no , no . Hey , come here . Hey . Give it up buddy . C 'mon , give it up . In single file please . Kelly , I 'm kind of scared . This isn 't so much fun after all . We 're almost there . How much did you say this new line cost ? I 'll be lucky if it doesn 't cost me the election . Ha . Get back on the train . It 's not safe here . Daddy . Paul . Kelly , you were right . They 're down here . Who the hell are you ? Don 't argue , just get back in the train . Careful , he 's got a gun . Daddy . - Are you all right ? - Yeah . Quick , over here . Hurry , this way . Let 's try it . Now they turn the lights on . We can 't get through there . Oh , Lord , it 's their nest . Get in . We 'll be all right . They 're getting in down there . It won 't hold . What are these things ? Maybe that 'll work . Hold it for me . Let 's try to get out of here . C 'mon Tim . Stay behind me . Keep moving . Kelly , hold the torch I 've got an idea . Kelly watch the gasoline . I 'll help you daddy . Let 's go . - Tim ! - Keep going I 'll get him . Daddy ! Kelly move , he 'll be all right . Let 's go . They 're all dead . Nothing could have made it through that explosion . It 's all right . Timmy , you 're about to see how good an engineer your old man really is . Why the hell isn 't this thing moving ? You have to release the breaks . Here we go .
