 ( ♪ " Oceania , ' Tis for Thee " ) ( commentator ) This is our land . A land of peace and of plenty . A land of harmony and hope . This is our land . Oceania . These are our people . The workers . The striver 's . The builders . These are our people . The builders of our world , struggling , fighting , bleeding , dying . ( screaming ) On the streets of our cities and on the far-flung battlefields , fighting against the mutilation of our hopes and dreams . Who are they ? ( crowd chant ) Traitor ! Traitor ! Traitor ! Traitor ! They are the dark armies . The dark , murdering armies of Eurasia . In the barren deserts of Africa and India . On the oceans of Australasia , courage , strength and youth are sacrificed , sacrificed to barbarians whose only honour is atrocity . But even as we grasp at victory , there is a cancer , an evil tumour , growing , spreading in our midst . Shout ! Shout ! Shout out his name . ( crowd ) Goldstein ! Goldstein ! ( Goldstein 's voice drowned out by crowd ) ( crowd screams abuse ) Death ! Death ! Traitor ! Traitor ! Death ! Traitor ! Traitor ! Traitor ! No ! No ! ( " Oceania , ' Tis for Thee " ) ( crowd chant " BB . " ) ( announcer ) " Innuendo " deleted . " Intransigence " rendered as " Crime think " . " Inversion " ... ( dials telephone ) Ref Times , 14 / 2 / 84 , page three . Byline two should read " Mini prod forecast increase choco ration , April 1984 " , from 20g to 25g per week . " ( man ) I confess to spreading the rumour on orders from Goldstein that the war is not really with Eurasia , but with Eastasia . And that for years , in fact since the days of our glorious revolution , - I had no faith in our future . - ( coughs ) I forged government announcements and falsified figures quoted for agricultural and industrial production . As a result of mental disturbance dating from my experiences in the atomic wars , I was a willing subject of Goldstein 's influence . I was stubborn and egocentric . When own life thoughts occurred to me , I revelled in them . I went into the proletarian zones . I had sex with prostitutes . I deliberately contracted syphilis . It was at this time that I made contact with the Resistance . I was personally contacted by the arch-traitor Goldstein and ordered to assassinate Inner Party officials . - Bugger ! - This I did . My agents forged documents and gained entry to the Ministry of Truth ... ( Winston ) Thought crime is death . Thought crime does not entail death . Thought crime is death . I have committed , even before setting pen to paper , the essential crime that contains all others in itself . ( man ) ... encouraging my agents to deface party posters and announcements . I read and memorised Goldstein 's book . For 30 years , I have plotted to bring down the Party . I was sick in mind and body . Together with my colleagues , Aaronson and Rutherford , I did counterfeit important Party documents , including ex-London permits and travel passes . And that by use of these documents my agents travelled freely throughout Airstrip One , encouraging insurrection and organising a huge counter plot to destroy the innermost faction of the Oceanian leadership . Furthermore , I used my position of privilege within the Inner Party to pervert and betray the truth at all times and to suggest , wherever possible , that our traditional allies in Eastasia were , in fact , our deadly enemies ... ( Winston ) April 4th 1984 . I think . To the past , or to the future , to an age when thought is free . From the age of Big Brother , from the age of the Thought Police ... from a dead man , greetings . ( high-pitched whine ) ( whine becomes siren ) ( coughs and splutters ) 30-40 group , take your places , please . Right , let 's see which one of us can touch his toes . Right over from the hips , brothers and sisters , please . One , two . One , two . One , two . - One , two . - ( coughs and splutters ) Smith . 6079 Smith W. Yes , you . Bend lower . You 're not trying . Watch me . There , brother , that 's what I want . Anyone under 45 is perfectly capable of touching his toes . I 'm 39 and I 've had four children . We don 't all have the privilege of fighting . Remember our boys on the Malabar front . Just think what they have to put up with . ( coughing ) - Morning , Smith . - Parsons . - Heard the rumour ? - No . Good news , is it ? I should say so , yes . Choco rations going up . - Really ? - 25g next week . Double plus good , eh ? By the way , Smith , I seem to have run out of razor blades for some reason . You wouldn 't happen to have any spare ? I 'm sorry , brother , I 'm on the last one . ( announcer ) In 1983 , Oceania 's coal output reached 630 million tonnes . In 1976 , coal output was 605 million tonnes , an increase of 4 . 1 per cent . 5.3 million tractors were produced , an increase of 17.6 per cent . I wanted to ask you if you 've got any razor blades . I 've tried all over the place . I 've been using the same one for six weeks . Did you see the prisoners hanged yesterday ? No , I was working . But I shall see it on the screens . We 'll pick up a gin on the way . I 'll have two . Give me a gin . ( announcer ) 2.2 million 0.5 Victory recoil-operated heavy machine guns , 6 million rifle grenades , 9 million Perry pineapple pin grenades and 1.4 million lightweight spigot-launching antitank rocket projectors . Food production is also up ... - How 's the New speak Committee ? - Working overtime . The plus big wastage is in adjectives . Plus big problem is timing the language to scientific advance . Yes . It 's a beautiful thing , the destruction of words . You won 't have seen the dictionary tenth edition yet , Smith . It 's that thick . The 11th edition will be that thick . So the revolution will be complete when the language is perfect ? The secret is to move from translation to direct thought to automatic response . - Language coming from here not here . - Excuse me for intruding . We shall be rid of Goldstein ism when the language has been cleaned . I couldn 't be more in agreement with you , brother . Absolutely . ( applause ) Praise be to our leader and the Party workers . Other munitions production figures are as follows . 70,000 M-20 tank destroyers with 76 mm cannon ... Smith . Syme . ( Syme ) It 's encouraging that by 2050 not a single person could have a conversation like this . - Except the proles . - Proletariat don 't count . They 're animals . Did you see the hanging ? Missed it myself . Bloody committees ! ( announcer ) ... heavy Victory rocket bombs . 35,000 Black Eagle 500cc motorbicycles . 300,000 ... Double plus good , this . Do you know , I don 't think there is a single piece of meat in this stew . Looks like meat , tastes like meat . It isn 't meat at all . Double plus good . - Not like it , Smith ? - Yes . It 's too rich for me . D 'you mind if I ? Brothers and sisters , the battle for production has been won . Completed returns show that the standard of living has risen by 20 per cent over the last year . All over Oceania , spontaneous demonstrations of Party workers have been voicing their gratitude and joy . In honour of this massive over fulfillment of the ninth Three-Year Plan , it has been announced that the chocolate ration is to be increased to 25g per week . ( Winston ) If there is hope , it lies in the proles . If they were conscious of their strength , they would have no need to conspire . History does not matter to them . ( cheering ) It was three years ago , on a dark evening , easy to slip the patrols , and I 'd gone into the proletarian areas . There was no one else in the street and no telescreens . Two dollars . She said " Two dollars . " So I went with her . She had a young face , painted very thick . It was really the paint that appealed to me - the whiteness of it , like a mask , and the bright red lips . Come on . Come on . Come on . There were no preliminaries . Standing there with the scent of dead insects and cheap perfume , I went ahead and did it just the same . Rutherford Unperson , substitute Ogilvy . Ogilvy blog , details as follows . War hero , recently killed Malabar front . Today awarded posthumous Order of Conspicuous Merit 2nd class . ( man ) I accuse myself of sabotage , embezzlement of Party funds , sale of military secrets , of being in the pay of the government of Eurasia , of being a sexual pervert and a thought criminal . I exploited my position at the Ministry of Peace to mislead our allies in Eastasia , and also to corrupt youth by means of seditious literature and drugs . I am guilty on all counts . I stand here , a victim of the influence of Emmanuel ... ( Winston ) Under the spreading chestnut tree , I sold you , you sold me . And I ask only for you to accept my love of our leader . ( distant explosions ) ( chatter ) ( distant explosions ) Can I help you ? Anything special ? - I was here before . - Ah . - Razor blades . - Ah-hah . - You sold me the notebook . - Yes . Yes . Please , look round . Hm ? Ah . What 's this ? It 's a beautiful thing . It 's over a hundred years old . Cost you four dollars . There 's another room upstairs that you might like to see . Yes . There 's not much in it , just a few things . My woman 's dead . I 'm just trying to sell the furniture . It 's a beautiful bed , if you can get the bugs out of it . ( bomb dropping ) Interested in old prints at all ? The frame 's fixed to the wall but I could unscrew it . How did this escape ? I know what it is . It 's the museum in the street outside the Palace of Justice . Oranges and lemons say the bells of St Clement 's . What was that ? Something old . ( announcer ) War is peace . Freedom is slavery . Ignorance is strength . A triumph of willpower over the orgasm . At a rally of the Anti-Sex League in Victory Square held to celebrate a 50 per cent decrease in civil marriages , over 10,000 Party women took a vow of celibacy and pledged themselves as vessels ... I hate her . I should kill her before she denounces me . I have disliked her from the first moment of seeing her . ( announcer ) Sector 43 . 929 male , 753 female . Sector 44 . 437 male , 609 female . ( cries out ) - Are you hurt ? - Oh , it 's nothing . It 's my arm . I 'll be all right in a second . Brother , could you ? - Are you all right ? - It 's nothing . I only gave my wrist a bit of a bang . Thank you , brother . Who is she ? All I know is that she works in the Porno Section , probably on the proletarian novel-writing machines . ( cheering ) - Mrs Parsons , a spanner ? - Under the sink , beside you . ( coughs ) Thank you , brother . I wouldn 't have had to bother you , but my husband 's out late - committees . You know what us Parsons are like . You 're a thought criminal . They haven 't been out much . Thank you , brother . - ( fanfare ) - Attention . Your attention , please . A newsflash has arrived from the Malabar front . The forces of Oceania in south India have won a glorious victory . I am authorised to say that the war against Eurasia is within measurable distance of its end . 40,000 Eurasian soldiers have been killed or captured . Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! ( cheering ) ( gunfire / cheering ) Hate ! Hate ! Hate ! Hate ! Hate ! - Can you hear me ? - Yes . - Do you have an ex-London permit ? - Yes . Can you get Sunday afternoon off ? - Yes . - Take this . It 's quite precise . I rely on you to destroy it . Are you sure you can come ? Yes . On your own , brother ? No , I 'm joining the Vicmans Community Hiking Group . I was held up on urgent Minrec business . ( children ) ♪ Sing to the sailors on the floating fortress ♪ Sing to the soldiers on the battlefield ♪ Sing to the airmen in the burning azure ♪ Sing to the farmers ' rising yields ♪ We are the children Builders of the future ♪ And we the children swear to thee ♪ Loyal emotion , fearless devotion ♪ And to die with dignity ( announcer ) A daring and resourceful manoeuvre under the direction of BB ensuring the total annihilation of the Eurasian heavy-armoured division ... ( twig snaps ) Look . It 's a dream . I want you . Not here . Come back to the woods . It 's safer . - Have you done this before ? - Of course . Hundreds of times . - With Party members ? - Yes . - Inner Party members ? - Not with those bastards . Though there 's plenty who would . I hate purity . I hate goodness . I don 't want virtue to exist anywhere . - I want everyone corrupt . - I ought to suit you , then . - I 'm corrupt to the core . - Do you like doing this ? I don 't mean just me . I adore it . ( man ) Winston , we shall meet in the place where there is no darkness . ( announcer ) Adult literacy amongst the proletariat has risen by 56 per cent . The proletarian infant mortality rate has dropped by 12 per cent . Incidences of leukaemia , tuberculosis and meningitis have dropped considerably . Improved diet has been responsible for a dramatic decrease in rickets . Eye diseases show a steep drop . So too do deaths from pneumonia and smallpox . The improvement in sewerage and drainage has resulted in better health . State rodent operatives report a 50 per cent reduction in the number of vermin in the central proletarian zones . I just want to finish by saying a few words about the impact of this imminent neurological breakthrough . When the orgasm has been finally eradicated , the last remaining obstacle to the psychological acceptance of the principles of Ingsoc as applied to Artsem will be overcome . In other words , the unorthodox tendencies towards own life , which threaten the natural erosion of the family unit , will no longer have the biological support of the organism . As we all know , the stimulation of the family leads to private reflection outside Party needs and to the establishment of unorthodox loyalties which only lead to thought crime . But the introduction of Artsem , combined with the neutralisation of the orgasm , will effectively render obsolete the family until it is impossible to conceptualise . Thank you . Excuse me , brother . You dropped your ink pencil . Thank you , sister . ( announcer ) A pincer movement has developed involving the floating fortresses of the Eurasian 17 Th fleet ... Hmm ! - Not much . - No . Not much left at all these days . The wars . Police don 't like us much . That room . How much ? Four dollars a week . ( uproar ) Traitor ! Traitor ! Traitor ! Criminal ! No ! Criminal ! No ! No ! ( fanfare ) ( ♪ " Oceania , ' Tis for Thee " ) ( crowd chant " BB . " ) ( announcer ) A vast military build-up of armoured divisions and missiles accompanied by a fourfold increase in the number of rocket bombs , directed at the most densely populated areas of Airstrip One ... ( Winston ) It 's folly , as though deliberately we move one step nearer the grave . I can 't understand why she accepted the idea , she who is so careful . ( footsteps ) Hello . Hello . Let me show you what I 've brought . Look . What is it ? Real sugar . Not saccharine . And I 've got a loaf of bread , proper white bread . And jam . A real tin of milk . Look . Coffee . Real coffee . Inner Party . Half a kilo . How did you manage to get hold of all this ? There 's nothing those bastards don 't have . - Aren 't you pleased ? - Yes . Yes , of course . Real tea . There 's been a lot of tea about lately . They 've captured India , or something . - I want you . - I want you , too . Wait . Turn around and don 't look until I tell you . ( woman sings ) Listen to that . How can she make a song written by machines sound so beautiful ? You can turn round now . - I ... - Winston ... Do you like me ? More than ever . ( distant explosion ) Was there ever a time when this seemed ordinary ? ( announcer ) Attention ! Your attention , please . A vast military build-up has been reported in the Sahara desert , sectors 17 and 18 of the war zone . 14 heavy tank divisions ... ( Winston ) There 's truth and there is untruth . Freedom is the freedom to say two plus two equals four . If that is granted , all else follows . ( unintelligible New speak ) Re Times 31 / 10 / 81 ... Brother Tillotson wins mini chess . Request photo . Biog follows . ( announcer ) Attention ! Your attention , please . Will all Outer Party members of Ways And Means committees please attend their local community centres for discussions ... ( Winston ) Under the spreading chestnut tree , I sold you , you sold me . Smith . I have been reading your New speak articles in The Times . - Yes . - You write very elegantly . That is not my own opinion . I was talking to a friend of yours who is an expert . His name has slipped my memory for a moment . What I wanted to say was that there were one or two unwords . Only very recent . Have you seen the tenth edition of the New speak dictionary ? No , we are still using the ninth edition at Minrec . A few advance copies have been circulated . I have one myself . - You might be interested . - Yes . There are plus-skilful new developments . Let me give you my address . I 'm usually at home in the evenings . If not , my servant will give you the dictionary . 14,000 Victory Vampires , 6 , 700 Ingsoc cadets , 4,600 Ingsoc sea cadets , 12,300 Porteous piloted missiles , 31,000 Victory fighter bombers , 23,000 Big Brother heavy bombers . ( Winston ) It has happened at last . The call has come . It seems that all my life I have been waiting for it . ( announcer ) ... named after Sub lieutenant Ogilvy , hero of the state of Oceania , recently awarded posthumously the Order of Conspicuous Gallantry for his actions in the recent glorious victory over the forces of Eastasia on the Malabar front in south India . Half the water 's boiled away . What does the clock say ? It says 21.00 hours . What time do they cut the light in your flats ? - 23.30 . - At the hostel it 's 23.00 . - What is it ? - I don 't know . A little chunk of history that they 've forgotten to alter . A message from a hundred years ago . Oranges and lemons say the bells of St Clement 's . You owe me three farthings say the bells of St Martin 's . Who taught you that ? What is it ? I don 't know . I just know it . You know , the only thing to do is to walk out of here before it 's too late . Never see one another again . Yes . Our luck can 't last . You 're young , look normal . You 're innocent . If you keep clear of people like me then you might stay alive . What you do , I do . I 've thought it out . I 'm good at staying alive . - When shall we meet again ? - Not for several weeks , it 's not safe . Give me half an hour . I love you . Julia . Do you think the Resistance is real ? No , none of it 's real . Steamer ! Dead overhead ! Get down ! Get down ! ( screaming ) Round the clock plus a 153 set in eyes top a PMA Willmer ... Oceania is at war with Eastasia . Oceania has always been at war with Eastasia . Eurasia is our ally . Eurasia has always been our ally . Everything fades into mist . The past is erased , the erasure forgotten . The lie becomes truth and then becomes a lie again . What is it ? I dreamt ... about my mother . What , darling ? It was during the wars . Before the Party . ( mother ) Winston ! Winston ! I couldn 't help myself . I knew what I had done , and I couldn 't help myself . When I went back , hours later , my mother and sister were gone . I never saw them again . It 's not so much staying alive as staying human that 's important . What counts is that we don 't betray each other . If you mean confessing , we 're bound to do that . Everybody does . You can 't help it . I don 't mean confessing . Confessing isn 't betrayal . I mean feelings . If they can make me change my feelings , they can stop me from loving you . That would be real betrayal . They can 't do that . It 's the one thing they can 't do . They can torture you and make you say anything . But they can 't make you believe it . They can 't get inside you . They can 't get to your heart . I 'm going to see O 'Brien . I know . Outer Party member 53922 Hicks , Minirec , Proletarian Affairs Section . Outer Party member 22315 Howard , Miniprod , Hospital Section . Outer Party member 947743 Bolgar , Minitrue , Records Section . Outer Party member 5739 Brady , Minitrue , Records Section . Outer Party member 984213 Devereux , Minitrue , Records Section . Outer Party member 9106 Dodds , Minitrue , Porno Section . Outer Party 38091 Ware , Minitrue , Porno Section . Outer Party member 11792 Bigland , Minitrue , News Section . Items one , five , seven approved full wise , stop . Suggestion contained item six , double - plus ridiculous , verging crime think . Cancelled , stop . End message . Outer Party member 4392 Rosenblum , Miniprod , Light Industry Section . Outer Party member 66755 Davies , Miniprod , Women 's Section . That concludes the list of known agents of Goldstein actively engaged in the latest conspiracy ... Not much of this gets to the Outer Party , I 'm afraid . To our leader . Our eternal allies in Eurasia are turning against us . More nests of conspirators and saboteurs have been uncovered . Further arrests are expected shortly . - You can ? - Yes . We 're allowed that privilege . Some more of this ? It is called wine . There are thought criminals who maintain that the Resistance is not real . Believe me , Winston , it is very real . Perhaps you are not familiar with how it operates . I 'm attentive to the news . Indeed . Perhaps you imagine a huge network of conspirators prepared to commit any atrocity to demoralise and weaken our society . The reality is infinitely more subtle . If Goldstein himself fell into the hands of the Thought Police , he could not give them a list of his agents . Such a list does not exist . They are not an organisation in the sense we know . Nothing holds it together but an idea . There is no possibility of change in their lifetime . In the face of the Thought Police , they cannot act collectively . Individually , they cheat , forge , blackmail , corrupt children , spread disease and prostitution , in the name of spreading knowledge from generation to generation until in a thousand years ... You may find this of interest . Thank you . A rally in Victory Square at 21.30 hours . That is the end of the announcement . - Goodbye , brother . - Goodbye , brother . They have attacked an unarmed village with rocket bombs and murdered 4,000 defenceless , innocent and peaceful citizens of Oceania . This is no longer war . This is cold-blooded murder . Until now , the war has been conducted with honour and bravery , with the ideals of truth and justice in the best traditions of mankind , until this moment . Brothers and sisters , the endless catalogue of bestial atrocities which will ensue from this appalling act must , can and will be terminated . ( cheering ) The forces of darkness and the treasonable maggots who collaborate must , can and will be wiped from the face of the earth . We must crush them . We must smash them . We must stamp them out ! We , the people of Oceania , and our traditional allies , the people of Eurasia , will not rest until the final victory has been achieved . Death to the eternal enemy of Oceania . Death ! Death ! Death ! Brothers and sisters , one week from now , in this very square , we shall , as a demonstration of our resolve and as a sure sign to those who attempt to threaten our Party and our State , we shall execute publicly the same number of Eastasian prisoners by hanging , drawing and quartering . ( cheering ) ( crowd chant " BB . " ) ( ♪ " Oceania , ' Tis for Thee " ) ( Winston ) " In accordance with the principles of Doublethink " , it does not matter if the war is not real , or , when it is , that victory is not possible . " " The war is not meant to be won . It is meant to be continuous . " " The essential act of modern warfare is the destruction of the produce of human labour . " " A hierarchical society is only possible on the basis of poverty and ignorance . " " In principle , the war effort is planned to keep society on the brink of starvation . " " The war is waged by the ruling group against its own subjects . " " its object is not victory over Eurasia or Eastasia , but to keep the very structure of society intact . " Julia . Are you awake ? Julia . There is truth and there is untruth . To be in a minority of one doesn 't make you mad . Julia , my love . I understand how . But I don 't understand why . I 'm hungry . Let 's make some more coffee . ( woman sings ) The water 's cold . There 's no oil in it . That 's strange . I thought it was full . ♪ They say that time heals all things ♪ They say you can always forget ♪ But the smiles and the tears across the years ♪ They twist my heartstrings ... She 's beautiful . - She 's a metre across the hips , easily . - It 's her style of beauty . The future is hers . We are the dead . We are the dead . ( male voice ) You are the dead ! Remain exactly where you are ! Make no move until you are ordered . - Now they can see us . - Now we can see you . - Clasp your hands behind your heads . - ( helicopter ) Stand out in the middle of the room . Stand back to back . Do not touch one another . - The house is surrounded . - The house is surrounded . - I suppose we may as well say goodbye . - You may as well say goodbye . While we 're on the subject , here comes a candle to light you to bed , here comes a chopper to chop off your head . Pick that up . The Thought Police . 6079 Smith ! Open your eyes ! ( approaching footsteps ) Parsons ? Keep away from me , Smith . I 'm an agent of Goldstein . I didn 't know it myself . Thought crime is so insidious . It just creeps up on you . My daughter found it out . Very proud of her . Very grateful I 've been discovered before it 's too late . They won 't shoot me , will they , Smith ? I could be very useful in a labour camp . Room 101 ! ( unlocking ) No . Please , you don 't have to take me there . Why ? There 's nothing I won 't confess . Nothing . I 've told you everything already . What is it you want me to know ? Take him instead of me . He 's the thought criminal . It 's him you want . ( unlocking ) - They got you too ? - They got me a long time ago . You knew this would happen , Winston . Don 't deceive yourself . You 've always known it . The photos of you and the girl will be recycled for proletarian use . Do you know where you are , Winston ? I ... I don 't know . I can guess . In the Ministry of Love . Do you know how long you 've been here ? No . Weeks ? Months ? Do you know why you 're here ? Shall I tell you why we brought you here ? To cure you . To make you sane . Yes . ( rack turns ) ( screams ) No ! No ! No ! That was 40 . You can see that the numbers on this dial run up to 100 . Will you please remember that I have it in my power to inflict pain on you at any time , and in whatever degree I choose ? Yes . You know perfectly well what is the matter with you , Winston . You 've known it for years though you fought against the knowledge . You are mentally deranged . You suffer from a defective memory . You never tried to cure yourself because you did not choose to . It was a small effort of will which you were not ready to make . For example , which power is Oceania at war with ? Eastasia . Oceania is at war with Eastasia . Eastasia ? Good . And Oceania has always been at war with Eastasia , has it not ? Tell me what you think you remember . I remember ... that until only a week before I was arrested , we weren 't at war with Eastasia at all . It was Eurasia . - The last four years , I think . - Another example . A serious delusion . Photographs about which you 've had hallucinations , which you believed you held in your hand . They never existed . Say what you 're about to say , Winston . They exist . In memory . I remember . You remember . I do not remember . Only the disciplined mind can see reality , Winston . It needs an act of self-destruction , an effort of the will . Do you remember writing in your diary . " Freedom is the freedom to say two plus two equals four " ? Yes . - How many fingers am I holding up ? - Four . And if the Party says there are not four but five , then how many ? Five ? ( rack turns ) No . That 's no use . You 're lying . How many fingers , please ? Four ? What else can I say ? Five , four , anything you like , only please stop it . Stop the pain . How can I help it ? How can I help what I see in front of my eyes ? Two and two makes four . Sometimes , Winston , sometimes they 're five . Sometimes they 're three . Sometimes they are all of them at once . ( sobs ) Neither the past nor the present nor the future exists in its own right , Winston . Reality is in the human mind , not in the individual mind , which makes mistakes and soon perishes , but in the mind of the Party , which is collective and immortal . - Again . - No . How many fingers , Winston ? Four ... Four ? I suppose there are four , but I 'm trying to see five . - I wish I could . - Which do you wish ? To persuade me that you can see five or really to see them ? Really to see them . - Again . - ( rack turns ) How many , Winston ? I don 't know ... I don 't know . Better . ( rack turns ) ( O 'Brien ) No one escapes , Winston . There are no martyrs here . All the confessions made here are true . We do not destroy the heretic because he resists us . As long as he resists us , we never destroy him . We make him one of ourselves before we kill him . We make his brain perfect before we blow it out . And then , when there is nothing left but sorrow and love of Big Brother , we shall lift you clean out of history , we shall turn you into gas and pour you into the stratosphere . Nothing will remain of you . Not a name in a register , not a memory in a living brain . You will be annihilated in the past as well as in the future . 3,000 . This time it won 't hurt you . Before we bring this session to an end , I want you to ask me your questions . I want you to clear your mind . Julia . She betrayed you , Winston . Immediately . Unreservedly . All her rebellion , deceit , folly , dirty-mindedness has been turned out of her . Does Big Brother exist ? Of course . In the same way as me ? You do not exist . You have not asked me the question that is uppermost in your mind , Winston . You know what is in Room 101 . Everyone knows what 's in Room 101 . Now , fix your eyes on mine . ( electrical current ) ( O 'Brien ) What country is Oceania at war with ? ( Winston ) I ... I don 't remember . ( O 'Brien ) Oceania is at war with Eastasia . Do you remember that now ? Yes . How many fingers am I holding up ? Five . You see , at least , that it is possible . You 've understood the reality of the past and the present , Winston . Now , what of the future ? A question : How does one man assert power over another ? - By making him suffer . - Exactly . Obedience is not enough . Power is inflicting pain and humiliation , otherwise you cannot be sure . Power is tearing human minds apart , and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing . Power is not a means . It is an end . In our world , there will only be triumph and self-abasement . Everything else , we shall destroy . The past is forbidden . Why ? Because when we can cut man from his own past , then we can cut him from his family , his children , other men . There is no loyalty except loyalty to the Party . There is no love except love of Big Brother . All competing pleasures , we will destroy . If you want a vision of the future , imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever . Winston ... You are thinking that my face is old and tired , that while I talk of power , I am unable to prevent the decay of my own body . But the individual is only a cell , Winston . The weariness of the cell is the vigour of the organism . - You 'll fail . - Why ? It 's impossible . Hatred and fear have no life . Why is hate less vital than love ? I don 't know but somehow you 'll fail . Something will defeat you . - Life will defeat you . - We control life , at all levels . We create human nature . Men are infinitely malleable . Or perhaps you will return to your old idea that the proletarians will arise . Put it out of your mind . They are helpless animals . Humanity is the Party . I don 't care . In the end , they 'll beat you . Sooner or later , they 'll tear you to pieces . On what evidence ? Goldstein 's book . I wrote it . Or at least I collaborated in writing it . No book is individually produced , as you know . I just believe it . I know you 'll fail . There 's something in this world , some spirit that you will never overcome . What is it , this principle ? I don 't know . The spirit of man . Do you consider yourself a man ? Yes . If you 're a man , you 're the last man . Your kind is extinct . We are the inheritors . Do you understand that you 're alone ? You 're outside history . You unexist . Get up . Come here . ( gasps ) ( coughs ) Look at you . You 're rotting away . That is the last man . If you 're human , that is humanity . It won 't last forever . You can escape from it whenever you choose . Everything depends on you . You did it . You reduced me to this . No , Winston , you reduced yourself to it . When will you shoot me ? It might take a long time . But don 't give up hope . Everyone is cured sooner or later . And in the end we shall shoot you . The law of gravity is nonsense . No such law exists . If I think I float and you think I float , then it happens . - I love you . - You have the strength , the whole Party . You are the Party . You 're one of us . One of the chosen . - I love you . - I love you , too . ( gunshot ) Julia . Julia , my love . Julia ... Julia ! - Julia ! - ( O 'Brien ) Get up . Stand up straighter . Look me in the face . Tell me , Winston , and remember , no lies . What are your true feelings towards Big Brother ? - I hate him . - You must love him . It 's not enough to obey him . You must love him . Room 101 . You asked me once , Winston , what was in Room 101 . I told you that you knew already . Everyone knows . The thing that is in Room 101 ... is the worst thing in the world . It goes beyond fear of pain or death . It is unendurable and it varies from individual to individual . It may be burial alive or castration . Or many other things . In your case , it is rats . ( squeaking ) No . - Please . What do you want me to do ? - You will do what is required of you . What ? What is it ? How can I do it , if I don 't know what it is ? In the proletarian areas they will attack a baby and , within five minutes , strip it to the bone . They also attack the sick and dying . They show astonishing intelligence in knowing when a human being is helpless . Please ... The mask fits over your head , leaving no exit . I press the first lever and the rats move into the front compartment . I press the second and the door of the cage will slide up . These starving brutes will shoot at you like bullets . Have you ever seen a rat leap through the air ? They will leap onto your face and bore straight into it . Sometimes they attack the eyes first . Sometimes they burrow through the cheeks and devour the tongue . ( whimpers ) What do you want ? No , please . ( screams ) I love you . Do it to her . Do it to Julia . I don 't care what you do to her . Tear her face off . Do it to Julia not to me . Do it to Julia ! Do it to Julia ! Not me ! ( announcer ) A vast military build-up has been reported in the Sahara desert - sectors 17 and 18 of the war zone . That is the end of the announcement . Brother . On the house . Thank you for coming . ( fanfare ) You are warned to stand by for an important announcement at 15.30 . This is news of the gravest consequence concerning the war with Eurasia . 15.30 . I 'm very worried about the African front . The news is disquieting in the extreme . I 've been worrying about it all day . It 's not just a question of losing Africa . For the first time the territory of Oceania itself is threatened by invasion . It 's inconceivable . ( distant explosion ) It must have been possible to outflank them in some way . I have an instinct . There 's bad news on the way . I told them all about you . I 'm only thankful they got me before it was too late . Yes , I told them about you too . Thought crime . Sex crime , all your treachery . I have a meeting to go to . We must meet again . Yes . We must meet again . I accuse myself of the following crimes . I have seduced Party members of both sexes . I 've been to the proletarian areas . I contracted syphilis to spread the disease to my wife and other Party members . Together with other agents , I have counterfeited banknotes , wrecked industrial machinery , polluted the water supply and guided Eurasian bombs to targets on Airstrip One by means of coded radio signals . I stand here , a victim of the influence of Emmanuel Goldstein , guilty on all counts . I 'm glad I was caught . I was mentally deranged . Now I am cured . I ask only for you to accept my love of our leader . I ask only to be shot while my mind is still clean . - ( fanfare ) - A glorious victory . A vast strategic manoeuvre to outflank the Eurasian forces on the African front has been successful . Perfectly coordinated , it has resulted in the utter rout of the Eurasian army . There have been nearly a million prisoners . - It has been an utter rout ... - Waiter . This immense victory brings the war within measurable distance of its end . Wonderful news . ( distant cheering ) I love you . ( ♪ " Oceania , ' Tis for Thee " ) ( ♪ " Julia " by Eurythmics )
