 A beginning is a very delicate time . Know then , that it is the year 10191 . The Known Universe is ruled by the Padisha Emperor Shaddam IV , my father . In this time , the most precious substance in the Universe is the spice melange . The spice extends life . The spice expands consciousness . The spice is vital to space travel . The Spacing Guild and its navigators , who the spice has mutated over 4,000 years , use the orange spice gas , which gives them the ability to fold space . That is , travel to any part of the Universe without moving . Oh , yes . I forgot to tell you . The spice exists on only one planet in the entire Universe . A desolate , dry planet with vast deserts . Hidden away within the rocks of these deserts are a people known as the Fremen , who have long held a prophecy , that a man would come , a messiah , who would lead them to true freedom . The planet is Arrakis . Also known as Dune . ( WIND HOWLING ) MAN : A secret report within the Guild . Four planets have come to our attention regarding a plot which could jeopardize spice production . Planet Arrakis , source of the Spice . Planet Caladan , home of House Atreides . Planet Giedi Prime , home of House Harkonnen . Planet Kaitain , home of the Emperor of the Known Universe . Send a third-stage Guild Navigator to Kaitain to demand details from the Emperor . The spice must flow . ( RUMBLING ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) ( ALARM BUZZING ) Father ? Irulan , you must leave . ( WHIRRING ) A third-stage Guild Navigator will be here within minutes . We felt his presence . I shall want telepathy during his visit and a report when we 're finished . I am your Truthsayer , my lord . ( WHISPERING ) He 's here , my lord . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( SPEAKING ALIEN LANGUAGE ) TRANSLATING DEVICE : The Bene Gesserit witch must leave . Leave us . Yes , my lord . We are alone . ( CLAN KING ) We have just folded space from Ix . Yes ? How was your journey ? Many machines on Ix . New machines . Oh ? Yes . Better than those on Richese . You are transparent . I see many things . I see plans within plans . I see two great houses , House Atreides , House Harkonnen feuding . I see you behind it . Yes . You must share with us . The Atreides House is building a secret army using a technique unknown to us . A technique involving sound . The Duke is becoming more popular in the Landsraad . He could threaten me . I have ordered House Atreides to occupy Arrakis to mine the spice , thus replacing their enemies , the Harkonnens . House Atreides will not refuse because of the tremendous power they think they will gain . Then , at an appointed time , Baron Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and launch a sneak attack on House Atreides . I have promised the baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops . So the Harkonnens will rid you of House Atreides . Yes . GUILD NAVIGATOR : One small point . REVEREND MOTHER : Here it comes . GUILD NAVIGATOR : We , ourselves , foresee a slight problem within House Atreides . Paul . Paul Atreides . You mean , of course , Duke Leto Atreides , his father ? I mean Paul Atreides . We want him killed . I did not say this . I am not here . I understand . EMPEROR : Why would they want the Duke 's son killed ? We must have a look at Paul Atreides . On Caladan . PRINCESS IRULAN : The powerful Bene Gesserit sisterhood , for 90 generations , has been manipulating bloodlines to produce the Kwisatz Haderach . A super being . On Caladan , Jessica , a member of the sisterhood and the bound concubine of Duke Leto Atreides had been ordered to bear only daughters . Because of her love for the Duke , she disobeyed and gave birth to a son . Paul . Paul Atreides . PAUL : Here we are now . Caladan . And 19 light-years beyond . Beyond Bene Tleilax . MALE NARRATOR : The training planet of the Mentats , the human computers . Know a Mental' by his red-stained lips . PAUL : There , Arrakis . FEMALE NARRATOR : Spice Mining . Carryalls lower the harvester to the sand , and lift it off to safety when a worm attacks . Worms attack all rhythmic vibrations . ( COMPUTER CLICKS ) Weather . See storms ' . No Precipitation . PAUL : Never one drop of rain on Arrakis . And the Harkonnens are near . There . Giedi Prime and the Baron Harkonnen . The enemy . MALE NARRATOR : The Baron Harkonnen has sworn to destroy House Atreides , and steal the ducal signet ring for himself . I know , Thufir , I 'm sitting with my back to the door . I heard you , Doctor Yueh , and Gurney coming down the hall . Those sounds could be imitated ! I 'd know the difference . THUFIR : Yes . Perhaps he would at that . My father sent you to test me . Music , then ? No music . I 'm packing this for the crossing . Shield practice . Shield practice ? Gurney , we had practice this morning . I 'm not in the mood . Not in the mood ? Mood 's a thing for cattle and love play . Not fighting ! I 'm sorry , Gurney . Not sorry enough . ( BUZZING ) PAUL : What 's wrong with Gurney ? He 's not faking this . GURNEY : Now , guard yourself for true ! ( PAUL GRUNTING ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) Is this what you seek ? Good . The slow blade penetrates the shield . But , uh , look down . We 'd have joined each other in death . You did seem finally to get in the mood . Would you really have drawn my blood ? If you 'd have fought one whit below your abilities , I 'd have given you a good scar to remind you . ( SIGHING ) Things have been so serious here lately . Soon we 'll leave for Arrakis . Arrakis is real . The Harkonnens are real . Doctor Yueh . Do you have any information on the worms of Arrakis ? I 've obtained a filmbook of a small specimen . Only 125 meters long . Only ? There have been documented sightings of worms as large as 450 meters in the deep desert . That 's far from where we 'll be in Arrakeen . The desert belt and the south polar region are marked forbidden . How do the Fremen survive there ? We don 't know much about the Fremen . They live in the deep desert , some of them in the cities . They have blue-within-blue eyes . The eyes . Yes . Saturation of the blood by the spice melange . Could the spice affect us in other ways ? Many dangers exist on Arrakis . For one , the Harkonnens would not have given up their CHOAM Company contract so easily . The Harkonnens are our enemies , yes . But behind them , I suspect , is the Emperor . You 'll make a formidable duke . Now , remember , the first step in avoiding a trap is knowing of its existence . I know , but if it is a trap then why are we going ? We have our new army . Doctor Yueh , put the weirding module on him . Well . ( CHUCKLES ) Clear and lock the room ! GUARD : Detachment , stand down . Activate a fighter . Make the range two meters . ( BLEEPING ) ( BUZZING ) ( PAUL GRUNTS ) ( GRUNTING ) ( YELLING ) Precise control . Duncan ! Paul , I was just on my way to say goodbye to you . I have to go on ahead , alone , I won 't be seeing you for a while . I wish you were coming with us . Why ? It 's something for your father . He wants to talk to you . I 'll see you on Arrakis . May the hand of God be with you . May the hand of God be with us all , Duncan . Father . Thank you for joining me , Paul . Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides three generations . He swears you are the finest student he has ever taught . Yueh , Gurney , and Duncan say the same . Makes me feel very proud . I want you to be proud of me . I 'll miss the sea . But a person needs new experiences . They jar something deep inside allowing him to grow . Without change , something sleeps inside us , and seldom awakens . The sleeper must awaken . ( INHALING ) Arrakis , Dune . Desert Planet . FE YD . ' I Will kill you . ( FEYD LAUGHING ) PAUL : The second moon . Tell me of your home world , Usul . JESSICA : I know she has come to test him . No man has ever been tested with the box . Tonight , I may lose my son . Jessica , you were told to bear only daughters to the Atreides . Jessica ! It meant so much to him . You thought only of a Duke 's desire for a son ? Desires don 't come into this . An Atreides daughter could have been wed to a Harkonnen heir and sealed the breach . We may lose both bloodlines now . I vowed never to regret my decision . I 'll pay for all my own mistakes . And your son will pay with you . Arrakis , Dune , Desert Planet . Moving . Moving . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) REVEREND MOTHER : We 'll salvage what we can . But I can tell you , dear God , for the father , nothing . For the father , nothing ? Did you really think you could bear the Kwisatz Haderach ? The Universe 's super being ? How dare you ! My greatest student . And my greatest disappointment . He 's awake . He 's listening to us . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) Good ! Ready yourself , young Paul Atreides . I want to see you in your mother 's chambers in one-quarter of an hour . Paul . This is very important . PAUL : Kwisatz Haderach ? The super being ? For the father , nothing ? Vas . ( EXPLOSION ) ( RUMBLING ) This is the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam . She 's going to observe you . Please . Jessica , you know it must be done . Your Reverence . PAUL : What does she fear ? What about my father ? Paul , listen to the Reverend Mother and do what she tells you . ( RASPING ) Now , you , come here . PAUL : She 's using the Voice . No . REVEREND MOTHER : Some strength there . Surprising . Come here ! ( REVEREND MOTHER ECHOING ) Here . Come here . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) Do you see this ? ( CLAN KING ) Put your right hand in the box . What 's in the box ? Pain . Stop . Put your hand in the box . I hold at your neck the gom jabbar . This one kills only animals . Are you suggesting the Duke 's son is an animal ? Let us say , I suggest you may be human . Your awareness may be powerful enough to control your instincts . Your instinct will be to remove your hand from the box . If you do so , you die . You will feel an itching there . Now , the itching becomes burning . Heat upon heat upon heat . It burns . Silence ! Silence ! PAUL : I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration . I will face my fear . I will permit it to pass over me and through me . I must not fear . You feel the flesh crisping . Fear is the mind killer . Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration . I will face my fear . Flesh dropping off . Fear is the little death . I must not fear . Fear is the little death . I 'm ... The pain ! No ! Enough ! ( GASPING ) Kull wahad ! No woman child ever withstood that much . Take your hand out of the box and look at it , young human . Do it ! Pain by nerve induction . A human can resist any pain . Our test is crisis and observation . I see the truth of it . REVEREND MOTHER : Could he be the one ? Maybe . But will he be ours to control ? Tell me of your home world , Usul . Do you know of the Water of Life ? The bile from the newborn worms of Arrakis ? I have heard of it . It is very dangerous . The Bene Gesserit sisterhood use it to see within . There is a place terrifying to us , to women . It is said a man will come . The Kwisatz Haderach . He will go where we cannot . Many men have tried . They tried and failed ? They tried and died . Jessica . JESSICA : My son lives ! I sense your teachings in him . Ignore the regular order of training . His safety requires the Voice . I 've heard enough of my safety . What about my father ? I heard your talking . You speak as if he were dead . Well , he 's not ! Paul . Well , he 's not . And he won 't die . Tell me he won 't die . What can be done has been done . Mother , tell me ! ( RUMBLING ) MESSENGER ON SPEAKER : Mental ' Piter De Vries . Message for Mental ' Piter De Vries . The Baron is impatient for Leto 's reply . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed , that lips acquire stains , that stains become a warning . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed , that lips acquire stains , that stains become a warning . It is by will alone I set my mind in motion . ( GURGLING ) My lord . Piter ! The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon , Baron , and I have here your answer from Duke Leto . What does Leto say , Piter ? He wishes to inform you that vendetta , as he puts it , using the ancient tongue , the art of kanly , is still alive . He does not wish to meet or speak with you . I 've made my peace gesture . The forms of kanly have been obeyed . Bring in Feyd and Rabban . ( RINGING ) As you instructed me , I have enlightened your nephews concerning my plan ... My plan . The plan to crush the Atreides . Feyd , Rabban , 90 quietly . No other great house of the Landsraad must ever know of the Emperor 's aid to the Baron . The entire Landsraad would turn against the Baron and the Emperor . Put the pick in there , Pete , and turn it round real neat . ( SQUISHING ) ( SLURPING ) ( SIGHING ) ( LAUGHING ) You are so beautiful , my Baron . Your skin , love to me . Your diseases lovingly cared for , for all eternity . ( GASPS ) ( GRUNTS ) BARON : I will have Arrakis back for myself ! He who controls the spice , controls the Universe ! And what Piter did not tell you is we have control of someone who is very close , very dose to Duke Lets . This person , this traitor will be worth more to us than 10 legions of Sardaukar . And who is this traitor ? ( LAUGHING ) I won 't tell you who the traitor is , or when we 'll attack . However , the Duke will die before these eyes and he 'll know ... He 'll know that it is I , Baron Vladimir Harkonnen , who encompasses his doom ! ( LAUGHING ) ( WHOOPS ) ( LAUGHING ) ( RUMBLING ) ( GASPING ) BARON : This is what I 'll do to the Duke and his family . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) Oh , I 'll miss Caladan so much . ( RUMBLING ) PAUL : Caladan . Soon they will begin to fold space . PAUL : Far off in the control rooms of spice gas . Traveling without moving . ( GROWLING ) ( WIND HOWLING ) RAMALLO : And now , the prophecy . One will come . The voice from the outer world . Bringing the Holy War , the Jihad , which will cleanse the Universe , and bring us out of darkness . ( RUMBLING ) ( PATROLLERS YELLING ) PRINCESS IRULAN : House Atreides took control of Arrakis 63 standard days into the year 10191 . It was known that the Harkonnens , the former rulers of Arrakis would leave many suicide troops behind . Atreides ' patrols were doubled . Duncan ! What have you discovered about the Fremen , Duncan ? Tell me . Why haven 't we heard from you ? My lord , I suspect so much . I think they are the allies we seek . They are strong , fierce . They do not give their loyalty easily or quickly . As you know , the Imperium has never been able to take a census of the Fremen . Everyone thinks that there are but few wandering here and there in the desert . My lord , I suspect an incredible secret has been kept on this planet . That the Fremen exist in vast numbers . Vast . And it is they who control Arrakis . ( PATROLLERS CHATTERING ) MAN ON PA SYSTEM : Each trooper will be charged with responsibility for preserving water . Our existence as an operating army depends on these following water-saving procedures . Remember , water is life . Why is the shield not yet up ? Sir , we found and removed another sabotage device . I think it 'll go up now , sir . ( ANNOUNCER CHATTERING ON RADIO ) They 're finding these sabotage devices too easily . MAN ON PA SYSTEM : House shields activated . Duke Leto is now here . Spice mining inspection to start immediately . So you are Doctor Kynes . The Judge of the Change . And the Imperial Ecologist , Sire . DUKE LETO : Our intelligence informs us that there 's still a strong Harkonnen presence . The process of removal continues . This is my son , Paul . Are you a Fremen ? I 've been on Arrakis in the service of the Emperor long enough for my eyes to change . PAUL : In the service of the Emperor . DUKE LETO : We are in your hands , Doctor . Your gift of the stillsuits is much appreciated . Will you give us an explanation of their workings ? Well , this is a still suit of Fremen manufacture , the most efficient type on Arrakis . Basically ... ( GURNEY GRUNTS ) DUKE LETO : It 's all right , Gurney . ( GUNS COCKING ) GURNEY : Yes , Sire . Basically , it 's a high-efficiency filter , and heat exchange system . Perspiration passes through the first layer and is gathered in the second . The salt is separated . Breathing and walking provide the pumping action . The reclaimed water circulates to catch pockets from which you can drink through this tube around your neck . Urine and feces are processed in the thigh pads . Should you be in the open desert , remember to breathe in through your mouth and out through this nose tube . With a Fremen suit in good working condition , life can be sustained for weeks , even in the deep desert , Sire . My thanks . With your permission . You 've worn a stillsuit before . No . Your suit is fitted desert fashion . Who told you how to do that ? No one . It seemed the proper way . That it is . DOCTOR KYNES : He shall know your ways as if born to them . We 're wasting time , Sire . ( VOICE SPEAKING ALIEN LANGUAGE ) That language ? Translate it . Very faint . Harkonnen ! AIR CONTROLLER : Air speed , zero-five . Ambient temperature , 300 degrees Kelvin . Air speed , three-zero . ... 35 % percent efficiency . That 's where I told your sandmaster to concentrate the harvesting today . Southeast , over the Shield Wall . AIR CONTROLLER : Ambient temperature , 350 degrees Kelvin . Air speed , one-three-zero . Caution . You 've now cleared protective Shield Wall and entered open desert . Will we see a worm ? Where there is spice and spice mining , there are always worms . Always ? Always . Why do they come ? To protect their territory . Vibrations attract them . PAUL : He must be a Fremen or in with them . He 's studying us . He 's hiding something about the spice . ls there a relationship between the worms and the spice ? As I said , they defend the spice sands . As to their relationship with the spice , who knows ? ( BUZZING ) DOCTOR YUEH : My message , it 's here . There are more enemy bodies coming in for your inspection , Doctor Yueh . Are you all right ? Yes , I 'm fine . Thank you , Thufir . Dust cloud ahead , Sire . That 's it . Spice mining . No other cloud quite like it . Wormsign ? Is it wormsign ? DOCTOR KYNES : Yes . Worm . Big one . You 've got sharp eyes . May I ? Calling Harvester Pad Nine . Wormsign . MAN ON RADIO : Who calls Pad Nine ? Don 't mention the Duke . This is an un-coded channel . Unlisted flight northeast of you . Wormsign on intercept course . Estimated contact , 15 minutes . MAN ON RADIO : Have sighting confirmed . Stand by for a fix . Contact in 16 minutes minus . Very precise estimate . Who 's on that unlisted flight ? What happens now ? The carryall will come and liftoff the spice harvester . Try to get in close over the harvester . You 'll find this interesting , Sire . They work until the very last minute . Spotter control , there 's no sign of the carryall . It isn 't answering . The worm is eight minutes away , Sire . MINER 1 : Spotter control , give me a report by the numbers . Report One . MINER 2 : No contact . Report two . MINER 3 : Negative . Report Three . MINER 4 : Negative , Sire . Report four . MINER 5 : No contact . Repeat , no contact . I think they 've got our carryall . Damn it ! Harkonnens . We 're coming down to take you off the harvester . All spotters are ordered to comply . Ordered by whom ? Duke Leto Atreides . MINER 1 : Yes . Yes , Sire . How many men do you have ? Full crew , 26 men . But , Sire , we can 't leave all this spice . Damn the spice ! Get out of there ! ( RUMBLING ) Two men in each of the spotters ! You , over here ! Run ! Run ! I can 't see him yet , but he is very close now . Damn sloppy . Really damn sloppy . Come on , boys . Come on . We 're going to be heavy , Sire . PAUL : Spice . Pure unrefined spice . Here he is ! We 've got to go ! Bless the Maker and his water . Bless the coming and going of Him . May His passing cleanse the world . What 's that you 're saying ? Nothing . ( MONSTER GROWLING ) Gods , what a monster . Someone is going to pay for this , I promise . DOCTOR KYNES : He 's more concerned over his men than the spice . I must admit , against all better judgment , I like this Duke . ( BUZZING ) My lady , the local people , the maids and servants , await your inspection . Hawat has cleared them . Excuse me , my lady . The Harkonnens may have tampered with them medically . ( BUZZING ) When you said Harkonnens , I didn 't know you had so much reason to hate them . ( SIGHING ) Well , my wife ... But , of course , you ... You didn 't know my wife . The Hat ... Forgive me . They must have killed her . Please excuse me if I can 't talk about it . He 's holding something back . Yet . There 's the Imperial conditioning . Assurance of trust . SHADOUT MAPES : The Bene Gesserit mother , the legend . Where is your son ? I must warn you . You are in great danger . ( BEEPING ) WOMAN : Safe . PAUL : Spice . What is it doing to me ? Second moon . DUKE LE TO : The sleeper must awaken . PAUL : Am I the one ? ( BUZZING ) A hunter-seeker ! It can 't get me if I don 't move . It 's too dark in here for it to see clearly . I 've got to try to grab it . The suspensor field will make it slippery on the bottom . I must grip it tightly . Who is operating that thing ? It has to be someone in the palace . I could shout for help , but it would kill whoever opened the door . ( BUZZING ) Hold still . ( PANTING ) It would have killed me . I was its target . It went to the motion . Who are you ? I am the Shadout Mapes , the housekeeper . I must cleanse the way between us . You saved my life , and we Fremen pay our debts . A Fremen . It is known to us that you 've a traitor in your midst . Who it is , we cannot say . But we are certain of it . A traitor . ( ALARM BLARING ) ( MEN CHATTERING ) Set up a sonar probe immediately . ATREIDES TROOPSMAN : Harkonnen . They 've tried to take the life of my son . Sector 6 through 80 progress reports , Sire . Take it , Thufir . Sector 680 , copy the 6th , the summit , the 8th , quadrant over , the 9th plus 84 circles , weave the 80 and call the 4th . Copy . ( WHIRRING ) 8 . Thufir Tawat , Mentat , Master of assassins . Uh , the palace is now secure . The city of Arrakeen is under martial law . We have troops here headquartered underground on sub-floors 6 through 10 . The rest of the troops are stationed in Arrakeen , and we have some on the airfield . Our new army is still in training , but everything , everything is shielded . And with this shielding we are impenetrable . Sleep well , my son . Um , Father , drugged . DUKE LE TO : Jessica , what is wrong ? Forgive me , my beloved concubine . I should have married you . Why hold a dream to ascend to the throne through a political marriage ? I should have married you . ( WOMAN SNIFFLING ) ( WOMAN PANTING ) ( GROANING ) What happened ? ( GRUNTING ) Yueh ! He sabotaged the house generators . We are wide open ! MAN ON PA SYSTEM : House shield deactivating . I 've destroyed the new army 's weirding modules . I 've brought House Atreides down . Why ? I wish to kill a man . Not you , my dear Duke . You were already dead . But you 'll get close to the Baron before you die . You 'll be tied and drugged , but you can still attack . You can still attack ! When you see the Baron , you 'll have a new poison gas tooth . He 'll want you close , so he can gloat over you . One bite on this tooth and a strong exhale ... Refuse . No ! You mustn 't ! Because , in return , I 'll save the lives of your Paul and Jessica . For Paul . Ahhh ! ( GRUNTING ) When you see the Baron , remember the tooth . The tooth ! The tooth ! The shield is down ! The shield is down ! Open the doors ! Signals ! Get that shield up ! The shield ! The shield ! ( TROOPS CHATTERING ) THUFIR : The weirding modules ! Destroyed ! Long live Duke Leto ! ( TROOPS CHEERING ) The drug was timed . Dr. Yueh has been very valuable to us . What a pity you must remain gagged . We can 't let ourselves be swayed by your witch 's voice , now , can we ? Leto , where are you ? How simple to subdue us . ( sesame ) Goodbye , Jessica . And goodbye to your sweet son . I want to spit once on your head . Just some spittle in your face . What a luxury ! We were ordered to kill them . So kill them ! ( GASPING ) I wish this was Paul . I knew Yueh 's wife . I was the one who broke his Imperial conditioning . I 've thought of many pleasures with you . It is perhaps better that you die in the innards of a worm . ( SCREAMING ) What are your orders , Piter ? Take them to the desert , as the traitor suggested . The worms will destroy the evidence . Their bodies must never be found . They 're down on this floor somewhere . Down there . Duncan ! ( TROOPS CHATTERING ) Get off ! You wish now to join your wife ? Is that it , traitor ? She lives ? You wish to join her ? Join her , then . ( DR. YUEH GRUNTING ) You think you 've defeated me ? You think I don 't know what I 've gained , for my wife ! Take him away . JESSICA : Yueh 's sign . He 's left us stillsuits . ( CHUCKLING ) ( RASPING ) Don 't touch my mother ! He 's trying the Voice . The Reverend Mother said it could save him . Did you hear a noise from the little one , huh ? No , I didn 't hear anything . ( GRUNTING ) The little one . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) ( RASPING ) Remove her gag . Excellent ! ( SIGHING ) ( RASPING ) There 's no need to fight over me . ( GROANING ) A poisoned blade . ( RASPING ) First cut my son 's bonds . That 's it . ( GRUNTING ) Oh , my God . ( GRUNTING ) It 's under control . Duke Leto Atreides . ( SNIFFLING ) Where is the ducal signet ring ? I must have his ring . The ring ! He was brought to us as is , my lord Baron . ( PANTING ) You killed the doctor too soon , you fool ! DUKE LETO : The doctor , Yueh , what did he say ? Paul and Jessica safe . Yes . The tooth ! He 's coming around , Baron . Where 's your ring ? Huh ? You do not answer ? Wait ! Wait ! You must come closer . The water of my life for Paul . He 's crying . He 's crying ! What does that mean , Piter ? Come closer , Baron . No ! Jessica ! Lew . ! Leto , he 's dead ! No , he 's dead ! I know . ( sesame ) Am I alive ? I 'm alive ? Yes , you 're alive , my Baron . I 'm alive , eh ? I 'm alive ! I 'm alive ! I 'm alive ! ( GUFFAWING ) PAUL : I can 't maintain any altitude . We 'll never reach the safety of rock ! Maybe that small rock . Where are we , do you think ? The south polar regions . The forbidden area . Hold on . ( SCREECHING ) Hurry ! Take the stillsuits ! PAUL : Hurry ! This crash might bring a worm . ( GRUNTING ) The signet . A million deaths are not enough for Yueh ! ( PANTING ) ( CRYING ) Where are my feelings ? I feel for no one . The second moon . GUILD NAVIGATOR : I mean Paul Atreides . We want him killed . PAUL : Why ? Why do they want me killed ? It has to be something to do with the spice . But what ? BARON : He who controls the spice , controls the Universe ! PAUL : This moon holds my future . Never one drop of rain on Arrakis . DUKE LE TO : The sleeper must awaken . They will call me , Muad 'Dib . Listen to me . Listen ! You wanted to know about my dreams . Well , I 've just had a waking dream . Do you know why ? The spice ! It 's in everything here . Calm yourself . Like the Truthsayer drug . It 's a poison . You knew the spice would change me . But thanks to your teachings , it 's changing my consciousness . I see it ! I can see it ! Is he the one ? You carry my unborn sister in your womb . He knows . ( PANTING ) Father ! Father , I promise , one day the sleeper will awaken . And I will avenge your death . I will not stop until I destroy the Emperor and the Baron . Father . ( GROANING ) Go now . Take him to his desert to die . Go . ( LAUGHING ) PAUL : Yueh 's left the plan for the weirding modules . We have to get to that mountain of rock . We have entered the time when all will turn against us and seek our lives . ( BUZZING ) It 's further than I thought . A worm is sure to come . I 'll plant this thumper . That should divert it . ( BUZZING ) Remember , walk without rhythm , and we won 't attract a worm . It will go to the thumper . I 'm ready . Faster ! It 's deafening ! ( ROARING ) ( ROARING ) Ooh ! The spice ! Do you smell it ? Yes ! Paul ! ( ROARING ) A thumper . The worm ! Spice ! Is there a relationship ? What 's happened ? Why did it leave ? Someone started another thumper . ( PANTING ) We 're not alone . ( GRUNTING ) Man-carved steps . Yes . ( THUNDER CLAPPING ) JESSICA : Such stealth . I didn 't hear them . STILGAR : Perhaps these are the ones the Shadout Mapes told us of . I will take the boy-man . He shall have sanctuary in my tribe . ( GUNS FIRING ) Get back ! She has the weirding way . Great Gods ! If you can do this to the strongest of us , you 're worth 10 times your weight of water . As the leader of my people , I give you my bond . Teach us this weirding way , and you both shall have sanctuary . Your water shall mingle with our water . Then I will teach you our way of battle . ( SIGHING ) I give you the word bond of a Bene Gesserit . It is the legend . I am Chani , daughter of Liet . I would not have permitted you to harm my tribe . From my dreams . So beautiful . Come with me . I 'll show you an easier way down . You have strength . You shall be known as Usul , which is the strength of the base of the pillar . This is your secret name in our troop . But you must choose the name of manhood , which we will call you openly . What do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon ? We call that one Muad 'Dib . Could I be known as Paul Muad 'Dib ? You are Paul Muad 'Dib . And your mother shall be a Sayyadina among us . We welcome you . The dream unfolds . ( SIGHING ) Moisture ! Wind traps . Huge ones . Water . Millions of decaliters . A treasure . Greater than treasure , Usul . We have thousands of such caches , and only a few of us know them all . And when we have enough , we shall change the face of Arrakis . Tell me of your home world , Usul . PAUL : Tell me of your home world , Usul . ( BARON LAUGHING ) BARON : Arrakis ! Rabban ! Rabban ! We 're knee-deep in Atreides blood ! We 've gutted them ! We 've gutted them ! Rabban ! Rabban ! I place you in charge of Arrakis . It 's yours to squeeze , as I promised . I want you to squeeze and squeeze and squeeze ! Give me spice ! Drive them ! Drive them into utter submission ! Do not show the slightest pity or mercy ! Never stop ! Go ! Go ! Show no mercy ! Yes , Baron ! ( LAUGHING ) ( GROANING ) Feyd . And when we 've crushed these people enough , I 'll send you . Feyd . Lovely Feyd . ( PANTING ) Where 's my doctor ? STILGAR : Jessica , our Reverend Mother is too old . She has been calling through space and time , for you to come and let her rest . She asks that you pass within , and become our Reverend Mother . MONK : If you be a Reverend Mother , let Shai-Hulud judge now ! The Water of Life . But what of my unborn child ? One day , I will have to do this . ( SCREAMING ) PRINCESS IRULAN : Following the Bene Gesserit tradition , the old Reverend Mother surrendered her life as she surrendered her knowledge . Jessica had successfully transmuted the poisonous Water of Life . PAUL : Every man who has tried has died . Am I the one ? DUKE LE TO : The sleeper must awaken . PRINCESS IRULAN : The tremendous power of the Water of Life caused the premature birth of Jessica 's daughter , Alia . Alia was born with all the knowledge and powers of a Reverend Mother . BARON : Feyd , even though he 's aging , Thufir is one of the finest Mentats in the Universe . And he 's mine , Feyd , all mine . Try it now . I will . Come . ( MEOWING ) Oh , Thufir ! I see they 've installed your heart plug already . Don 't be angry . Everyone gets one here . But this is not why we 're here . We 've brought you a little cat , Thufir . You must care for it if you wish to live . ( PURRING ) A poison has been introduced into your body , Thufir Hawat . By milking this , this smooth , little cat body , you receive your antidote . It must be done each day . All I can see is an Atreides that I want to kill . Feyd , no , no . Thufir 's a Harkonnen now . Aren 't you , Thufir ? My Duke , how I 've failed you . Chani , I love you . I 've always loved you . PAUL : The Holy Warriors . No one ever dreamed there were so many . lam Usul . Paul Muad 'Dib . Our shared enemy , the Harkonnens , are once again in control of Arrakis , Stilgar , your leader , has asked me and my mother to teach you the weirding way to crush the Harkonnens . We must do more than this . We must totally destroy all spice production on Arrakis . The Guild and the entire Universe depends on spice . He who can destroy a thing , controls a thing . I will take 100 of your warriors and train them . This 100 will train the thousands that remain . When the spice flow stops , all eyes will turn to Arrakis . The Baron and the Emperor himself will be forced to deal with us . Arrakis will become the center of the Universe . Orato ! This obelisk is of your hardest stone . Kick it . Hit it . Yell at it . ( ALL CHUCKLING ) Break ! Korba , cut it . Move back . ( BUZZING ) ( CHANTING ) ( ALL EXCLAIMING ) This is part of the weirding way that we will teach you . Some thoughts have a certain sound , that being the equivalent to a form . Through sound and motion , you will be able to paralyze nerves , shatter bones , set fires , suffocate an enemy , or burst his organs . We Will kill until no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air . ALL : Muad 'Dib ! Chaaksa . ( METAL CLANGING ) Stilgar . FREMEN WARRIOR : Muad 'Dib . Hmm ? VOICE ON WEIRDING MODULE : Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . My name is a killing word . They are ready to fight . Yet in order to lead them , I must conquer the worm , conquer Shai-Hulud . Take the kiswa maker hook of our sietch , and ride as a leader of men . ( ALL DRONING ) Shai-Hulud . ( BEATING RHYTHMICALLY ) I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . Only the very strong ones travel this deep . Usul has called a big one ! Again , it is the legend . ALL : Muad 'Dib ! STILGAR : Usul , these are 15 of our finest warriors to serve you as your guard . The Fedaykin . Now . ( GRUNTING ) When the spice flow stops , all eyes will turn to Arrakis . The Baron and the Emperor himself will be forced to deal with us . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . Muad 'Dib . What happened ? Muad 'Dib . What happened to you and your men ? Muad 'Dib ! What are you saying ? What are you saying ? Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! Muad 'Dib ! He 's been repeating that name ever since we found him . Who is this Muad 'Dib ? PRINCESS IRULAN : In the two standard years that followed , Muad 'Dib and the Fremen brought spice production to a standstill . Fearing for his life , Rabban did his best to hide this fact from his uncle , the Baron . Paul 's sister Alia matured at a frightening rate . Her small body harbored tremendous powers . Paul and Chani 's love grew . We surprised a band of smugglers . Too bad . I thought they were Harkonnen . ( SCREAMING ) Gurney ! You 've no need of your weapons with me , Gurney Halleek . Paul . GURNEYI Paul ! Don 't you trust your own eyes ? They said you were dead . They " . They said ... Gurney ! Gurney ! Gurney ! You young pup ! Gurney ! You young PUP ! ( GUILDSMAN OVER TRANSLATING DEVICE ) Emperor Shaddam IV , you have one last chance to take matters into your own hands , and bring the situation under control on Arrakis . What do you mean , one last ... Silence . Do not speak . Listen . You do not have more than this one chance . I represent the entire Guild in this matter . Our navigators warn you that spice production is in great danger . A new Fremen leader , Muad 'Dib , has stopped spice mining on Arrakis . Our navigators suggest he is not of Arrakis . No one on the outside world has been able to see him . We do not know who he is . The Harkonnens cannot stop him . Remedy this situation , restore spice production , or you 'll live out your life in a pain amplifier . GUILDSMAN : The Emperor will stop him . He won 't take the Water of Life . PAUL : That 's why they want me killed . They 're afraid I 'll take the Water of Life . I want 50 legions of Sardaukar on Arrakis at once ! 50 legions ? That 's our entire reserves as well . This is genocide , the deliberate and systematic destruction of all life on Arrakis ! PAUL : The Emperor is coming ! Chani ! Chani ! ( PANTING ) You were calling my name . It frightened me . Oh , Char " . All the images of my future are gone . I have to drink the Water of Life . No , Paul , please . I 've seen the men who have tried . I 've seen how they died . I 'm dead to everyone unless I try to become what I may be . Only the Water of Life will free what can save us . ( BOTH PANTING ) I must drink the sacred water . PAUL : I must go now . ( SIGHING ) Hurry . All I see is darkness . Paul . I will love you forever . You are my life . You are my life . REVEREND MOTHER : Many men have tried . PAUL : They tried and failed ? They tried and died . The worm is the spice . The spice is the worm . ( SCREAMING ) PAUL : The worms . CHANI : They 're not attacking . Why ? Alia . Mother . It 's Paul . He 's taken the Water of Life . ( BOTH SIGHING ) REVEREND MOTHER : There is a place , terrifying to us , to women . PAUL : This is the place they cannot look . Traveling without moving . Now I truly control the worm and the spice . And I have the power to destroy the spice forever ! Paul . Paul . Father ! Father ! The sleeper has awakened ! ALL : ( CHANTING ) Muad 'Dib . Arrakis , Dune , Desert Planet . Your time has come . A storm is coming . Our storm . And when it arrives , it will shake the Universe . Emperor , we come for you ! We come for you ! Long live the fighters ! ALL : Long live the fighters ! MAN ON RADIO : Suspicion confirmed . The Emperor 's had Rabban seized . Gurney , when the storm hits , set off the atomics . I want an opening through the entire shield wall . Stilgar , do we have wormsign ? Usul , we have wormsign , the likes of which even God has never seen . ( WIND HOWLING ) Bring in that floating fat man , the Baron . ( BARON GASPING ) Why have you brought me here ? Your Highness , there must be some mistake . I never requested your presence . Ah . But your lack of action demanded it . Your dreadful mismanagement , your bad judgment in assigning to Rabban the governorship . You 've forced me to come here and set things straight , personally . ALIA : I am a messenger from Muad 'Dib . Poor Emperor . I 'm afraid my brother won 't be very pleased with you . Silence ! Kill this child . She 's an abomination . Kill her . Kill her . Get out of my mind ! ( RASPING ) Not until you tell them both who I really am . Alia , daughter of Duke Leto the Just , and the royal Lady Jessica . Sister of Paul Muad 'Dib . Paul 's sister ? Paul is Muad 'Dib ? ( GASPING ) ( BARON SCREAMING ) Alia keeps pace with the storm . PAUL : With the storm , their air power will be useless . On Arrakis , it 's desert power . Gurney . Now ! Atomics ! ( EXPLOSION ) My brother is coming with many Fremen warriors . Impossible ! Not impossible . I told you . He is here now . Father , today I will avenge your death . ( WIND HOWLING ) SARDAUKAR OFFICER : Emperor , an impassable storm has descended . The Shield Wall has been penetrated by atomics . Release the Sardaukar . Baron , give this little abomination to the storm . Wait for my brother , Baron . ( SOLDIERS CHATTING ON RADIO ) Chaa ! ( LASER GUNS FIRING ) ( EXCLAIMS ) Cha . ( LASER GUN FIRING ) Wait for my brother . ( SCREAMING ) Cha ! Cha ! Muad 'Dib ! ( ROARING ) Eee-sah ! Eee-sah ! Cha ! Alia , now . Come to me , Baron . ( CHUCKUNG ) ( SCREAMING ) ALL : Muad 'Dib ! PAUL : Feyd Rautha . Emperor Shaddam IV , there are Guild Heighliners above us , containing many Great Houses of the Landsraad . Send them back . How dare you speak to me in ... Stop your speaking . You have some idea of what I could do . ( GROWLING ) Don 't try your powers on me . Try looking into that place where you dare not look . You 'll find me there staring back at you . You mustn 't speak ... Silence ! ( SCREAMING ) I remember your gom jabbar . Now you 'll remember mine . I can kill with a word . ( GROANING ) And his word shall carry death eternal to those who stand against the righteous . The righteous ? There is a Harkonnen among you . Give the Harkonnen a blade , and let him stand forth . If Feyd wishes , he can meet you with my blade in his hand . I Wish it . This is a Harkonnen animal . Let me . Please , my lord . The Emperor 's blade . ( DRUMS BEATING RHYTHMICALLY ) ( GRUNTING ) Why prolong the inevitable ? ( SIGHING ) I Will kill you . ( GRUNTING ) ( LAUGHING ) ( GRUNTING ) I will kill him ! ( GRUNTING ) Paul ! I will kill him ! ( LAUGHING ) Who is the little one ? A pet , perhaps ? Will she deserve my special attentions ? ( GROANING ) PAUL : Poisoned . You see your death . My blade will finish you . I will bend like a reed in the wind . ( SCREAMING ) ( FEYD GROANING ) Chaaksa ! Muad 'Dib . Usul no longer needs the weirding module . PRINCESS IRULAN : Muad 'Dib had become the hand of God , fulfilling the Fremen prophecy . Where there was war , Muad 'Dib would now bring peace . Where there was hatred , Muad 'Dib would bring love , to lead the people to true freedom , and to change the face of Arrakis . We Fremen have a saying . God created Arrakis to train the faithful . One cannot go against the word of God . And how can this be ? For he is the Kwisatz Haderach . ( THUNDER CLAPPING )
