 Keep your chin up ! Chin up ! Had enough ? - I haven 't even started yet . - Come on . MAN : It 's the 12th minute for the last 400 feet . Nick will pace you . Henry , take them ! Well done , Henry . 6.75 , Carlo . Excellent ! Where is jean-Paul ? Ah , Beanpole sends his apologies . He 's detained in the laboratory . We must train according to the schedule . He say 's he 'll do it after the final study period tonight . Then you can inform him he 's forfeited his chance of selection . So you see , if you drop a stone into a pond , the waves spread out from the point of impact . What the ancestors discovered was that there are waves in light , just as there are waves in water . But the great difference between water waves and light waves is their speed . If you drop a rock into the narrowest part of our lake , it takes the first wave about six seconds to reach the other side . In that same time , a light wave could travel to the moon and back , twice . In one second , it can travel 300,000 kilometres . Now , once the ancestors understood that , they found that they could use light to do some very remarkable things . And some of those will be the subject of our next lesson . I hear your athletic achievements threaten to take you away from your studies . I ... Well , actually , I 'm very much in two minds about it . Don 't be , my boy . A chance to look closely at Tripod technology in their own city ? Oh , I wish my old limbs would give me such a chance . When the Tripod arrives , the farm will be deserted and the sound from the stream will mask any noise . Don 't cry . Just think of the honour . Dear friends , we are here today to give thanks to the Tripods , who , for over a hundred years , have brought peace and tranquillity to our world . Through the miracle of the cap , which is given to us all as we cross the threshold into adult life , the violence of our emotions is held in check and all youthful thoughts of rebellion are taken away . Today , the Tripod comes amongst us once again to perform that miracle on our daughter Brigitte and our sons Philippe and jack . We give thanks for this great gift and pray that through it they may know the joy of Lifelong peace . ( SQUEALING ) ( WHIMPERING ) ( BRIGITTE SCREAMING ) How can they do it ? To their own children ? Because the Tripod has them in its power through the cap . - Julius . - Shall we walk ? What I 'd like to know is since we have weapons which can kill a Tripod , why can 't we use them ? When we let anger rule our heads , as you did earlier when you were sparring with Kurt , then we lose control . But Henry did it . He destroyed a Tripod . Will , there have been Free Men hiding in these mountains for nearly a hundred years , deluding themselves that they were strong enough to defeat the Tripods using the weapons which you admire so much . But the Tripods had only to wait , and let them exhaust themselves in futile anger . I felt that success could never come that way . So under my leadership , we are trying to let our heads rule our hearts . What we are attempting now is to find out the Tripods ' weaknesses . That 's why we need young men like you , to be taken as champions into the Tripod city . To discover the secrets of their power and to bring those secrets back to us . Then we can plan to attack them where they 're most vulnerable . Anne , we must be quick . Bandits ! Anne ! We must create a diversion . Take care of the others . ( SCREAMING ) Pierre ! Hi , Beanpole . Did you make it ? Oh , hello . - How did it go ? - Ellie , I made the jump . - Seven ? - Yes Well , then , you are the best . You must be selected . Herr Krull does not like me . - Drink ? - Yeah . Mmm . It doesn 't matter a bit what Krull thinks , I know what Julius thinks . - You 've spoken to him ? - This afternoon . Which is why I know he won 't send me . - Ellie , you 've won all your bouts . - No , I bet we all go . Really . Provided they judge on our results . You 're all so keen on suicide . None of you have seen the Tripod City of Gold , have you ? Not from the inside but ... It 's vast . Another world . Its power is ... Well , you can 't imagine . - It 's beyond imagination . - You 've seen it , then ? Oh , yes . And the Tripods are 20 years more powerful now then they were then . What 's in your minds , I wonder ? Scaling the walls of an old castle , perhaps ? Climbing up the battlements to slit the throat of a dozing guard ... Everyone who goes will be accurately briefed . How can you be so sure of that ? When we went raiding for food , we came back with mule trains laden with victuals . Now what do we get ? A mangy cow and a bag of hens . In exchange for one of our best fighters . Well , what would you do now , Schenker , if you were our leader ? It 's too late . One really hard winter and we shall all starve to death . And that will be an end of it . If you have nothing positive to offer ... Come on . Positive ? To send mere boys to the city ? What happened to last year 's ? They , too , were brave and full of hope . Where are they now ? However , we 've had scouts on reconnaissance , and we 've selected three possible routes . One by Lake Constance . Another by Basel . And a third through urethra . We have experienced guides for all three parties . And the Basel party would complete their journey by barge . Uh , that 's right . The Erlkonig is due to leave for Koblenz on the 29th of September . - The skipper 's already been briefed . - Excellent , Kieran . I 'd just like to record our thanks to the reconnaissance parties . Clearly , excellent work has been done . ALL : Here , here . Has anybody any questions ? - Henry ? - During our recce we discovered a point where the Tripods exercise , high up in the hillside . No doubt preparing for an assault on us . Somewhere near here . They regularly tramp through the edge of the forest . There 's a perfect spot where with just a few men we could prepare a trap to capture a Tripod . And what new purpose would that serve , do you think ? Well , we could prove that they are not gods , as the capped believe . We could show they are just machines with men inside them . Then surely we can convince more of the capped that they 've been fooled . I wish a solution to the problem could be found that way . But the history of the Tripods that has been handed down to us and as we have researched it over the years is ... Well , it 's more complex . And more disturbing than you think . But we 've seen the ancient city . We know they were capable of making such machines . Indeed they were . Kieran , please explain the theory of artificial intelligence to Henry . What we learn from studying the remains of the ancestor civilisation is that about 150 years ago , they began to make machines that were capable of doing calculations much more quickly than we can in our heads . - JULIUS : Like crude mechanical brains . - They called them computers . Very quickly these machines became more and more sophisticated , till eventually by means of a process called bio-engineering , computers could be grown from human tissue . Now , not only did they look more like the human brain in form , they began to be superior in performance . What we believe then happened was that the artificial intelligences became discontented with the illogical behaviour and the violence of their human creators . They began to communicate secretly with each other . And when the ancestors began yet another war , the brains devised the Tripods and began the capping process to strip our ancestors of the power to destroy themselves . What we have to do now is to recover control over our own destiny , which our ancestors had forfeited by their own stupidity . Free friends , this meal is to celebrate the selection of our candidates for the games . But first , sadly , we offer our condolences to Anne , whose brother Pierre has sacrificed his own life to save others . Pierre 's loss is one that this community can ill afford . And we all extend our sympathies to Anne in her personal grief . But Pierre 's death underlines the seriousness of the occasion which we are here to celebrate . The six young people chosen to compete in the games will face the same dangers as Pierre . But the future of all of us , indeed the future of human freedom , may well depend on them . So now ... Fritz Eger . - Julius . - We have selected you to compete in the 100 and 200 metres . Maria Sag on . Maria , we have chosen you for the javelin . Gianni Mannotti , I think we can say that you have chosen yourself for the 3,000 metres . Jean-Paul Deliet , better known as Beanpole ... Yaw . ! ... you are chosen for the long jump . Kip Earhart . You will compete for us in the 400 metres . But before I come to the last name , I must try to stem what I know will be a flood of disappointment from one who has trained so hard . And whose athletic achievements have been so great that he must have felt himself to be an automatic choice . Henry Parker . Your development at new tactics for combating the Tripods has ensured for you a key role in the vital defence of our stronghold . After long deliberation , we have decided to keep you here to play what we know will be an invaluable part in ensuring that when your companions return from the City of Gold , we shall still be here to receive them . Do you accept the task ? Yes , I do . ( APPLAUSE ) Then finally , we come to the last athlete to be chosen . In the lightweight division of the boxing , we shall be represented by Will Parker . Let us begin by raising our goblets to the success of our champions in the games , and in the vital task of bringing back to us the secrets of the Tripod city . - To the games ! - ALL : To the games ! I was so sure you would be going . - Do you mind very much ? - Of course I mind . But I respect the decision . Thanks , Henry . You have Eloise inside the city . Julius knows that . An extra spur . I hope you find her . Thanks , Henry . It 's a great relief to know you don 't resent the choice ... I resent it like hell . What 's he up to now ? ( CHUCKLES ) Oh ! Making a star chart . In case we get lost . Everyone in the world will know the way to the City of Gold . You try telling him that . Don 't worry , Kate , it 'll all have grown back before we leave . Mark and Henry will provide an escort for the third pair , Will and Fritz . You 'll make your way to the ancestors ' port of Basel . There you 'll find a river barge called the Reckoner . The captain 's name is Ulf . The Erlkonig will take you downriver to the site of the games . The stadium is between Koblenz and the City of Gold . If you win your events , the Tripods themselves will carry you into their city . ( MEN SHOUTING ) WILL : Look ! - Beanpole 's lot . - They must be crazy . - In open country like that ? - But where 's Beanpole , though ? In the woods , probably . He knows this area is full of Tripods . ( TRIPOD THUDDING ) ( WILL SHUSHING ) - They 're coming through the trees ! - I told you so . Spread out ! Stand each at the base of a tree . Kate ! josh ! Look out ! - Lillian ! - I must find Beanpole . WILL : Beanpole ! Beanpole ! It would be better for Beanpole to travel with you two now , even though barge skipper won 't like it . What is he like ? Ulf 's a bad-tempered fellow . But it 's his boat , and he knows the river and he knows the Black Guards , so you do as he says . You 'll see the river in daylight , follow it downstream and you 'll come to the ancient city of Basel . In the harbor there is where you 'll find the Reckoner . Come on , Henry . We must be in position by dawn if we 're to observe more of these Tripod manoeuvres . - Good luck . - Good bye , WI ll . So , we come to the parting of the Parkers , yes ? - Ellie , good bye , Fritz . - Goodbye . Goodbye . - And good luck . - To you , too . Imagine what it must have been like before the Tripods came , hundreds of boats passing up and down here each day . From here , we travel by day . Like official athletes on our way to the Games , we must accustom ourselves to living the normal life of the capped . We leave now . We 're a two-man barge . One extra boy is fair enough . We start apprentices that way , but any more would draw notice and I 'm not having that . So , when we 're tied up and in view of the Black Guards , you 'll take it in turns to work on deck . And when I say work , I mean work . Eh ? And the other two must stay below and not come up for anything , is that clear ? Yes , Captain . - Hmm ? - Yes , sir . Good . So , I won 't think twice about dropping somebody off who is out of line . WOMAN : ( GROANING ) Ulf ! - His wife . - But ... - She 's sick . - It sounds like agony . The cap is supposed to protect from sickness , is that not so ? She 's not capped , is she ? Precisely , and neither are we , which means we could be open to infection . ( SHUSHING ) Is she very ill ? She has the plague . And what treatment does she have ? If she goes to a doctor , he 'll call for an examination of the cap . When they find it to be false , the Tripods will cap her , and then discover the secrets of the network . Yeah , that 's what the Captain fears . - He should not have allowed us on board . - Shut up , Fritz . This is a danger to our mission . - We should leave the boat . - And how will we get to the Games ? Walk ? Perhaps we can help her . - And risk infection ? - She 's one of us , man . If she 's in need of help and we can give it , it 's a reasonable return for putting their lives on the line to get us to the Games . ( GROANING ) ( SHUSHING ) In Wurttemburg , I 'll find something to ease your pain . Please don 't make me sleep . - I need to fight it . - To do that , you need strength . You must relax . Take a little food or drink , and if possible , you must sleep . - It is not possible . - I know . I know . I was trained for the Games myself last year . - Oh ? What event ? - javelin , but I wasn 't chosen . So you were in the White Mountains , too ? Yeah . But after the selection , I was sent down here as part of the network . Ulf , too , of course , and Petra . They met in the White Mountains . PETRA : Ulf , please ! Water ! Ulf , water ! No , Will , we must fetch Ulf . The problem with you is you have no discipline of any kind . You 're impetuous and dangerous . Get out of my way . You seem to have no idea what 's at stake here , the enormity of the task that Julius has entrusted to us . - Get out of my way ! - No ! - Come on , Fritz , leave it ! - Let go of me ! - Leave it ! - ULF : All hands , we 've lost power ! Where 's the other boy ? Take us far forward , see what water we 've got . On deck ! All hands on deck ! No , that 's not the problem . We have too much steam . Get away from there , boy ! What are you doing ? Please , Captain . He knows more than I. Power us down ! Full ahead . - Know about that contraption , do you ? - A little , malfeasance . Then you spend the rest of the journey teaching that nincompoop , who knows nothing . ( KNOCKING LIGHTLY ) - I told you to ... - Don 't send us away . Look , we 've been discussing amongst ourselves . Beanpole thinks if he can ... Know all about the body as well , do you ? WILL : He has a great interest in all the sciences , as the ancestors called them . I think , from what I 've heard , that you really have nothing to fear . BEANPOLE : Come . Your wife , how long has she been ill ? - The sores and fever together ? - Mmm . - About 10 days . - And the sores spread ? - Mmm . - But you have no symptoms yourself ? - No sore throat , temperature ? - No . - Only exhaustion . - Oh , please , allow me to examine her . - No ! Absolutely not . - But 10 days already . If it was the plague , by now you would be showing . It may be impetigo , with a high fever . If so , there are herbs and berries we can pick and prepare . In Wurttemburg , there 's an apothecary . I hope to bribe him for something to ease the pain . Go on , boys . Boys , you 're good . But Petra , she 's my responsibility . ( ULF SHOUTING ORDERS ) - Oh , fantastic ! - Vraiment fantastique ! And look at this . Look , it 's the work of your ancestors . It must be more than 150 years old . It won 't have been used like this for all of that time , but they 've certainly made it well . Do you understand how it works ? The basic principles I understand , but the details ... Boys . I 'm going ashore , and I 'll be back by noon . Now , Wurttemburgers are very suspicious of strangers from the South and very keen to uphold the laws of the Tripods . Fritz will be allowed on deck as the official apprentice , but you two must stay out of sight below until we 're clear . - Is that understood ? - Yes , sir . - Lillian ? - Yes , yes . There 's danger enough in what I have to do . OFFICER : Erlkonig , anyone aboard ? ( SHUSHING ) Stay very quiet . PETRA : Ulf ! Ulf ! ( GROANING ) She 'll bring the Black Guard on board , you fool ! ( SHUSHING ) Black Guard . We have a cargo of clocks from Basel for Cologne . The captain 's name is Ulf Reinhart . - Tell him to report to my office . - Ellie , he shouldn 't be too long , sir . I expect him . - PETRA : You should not be here . - Nor should the Tripods . Ulf has told me about you . You are from England . Yes , and jean-Paul here 's from France . - Is there anything we can get you ? - No . No , thank you . You must go now . I 'm sorry . When I wake , I don 't know where I am . Madame , please , may I examine your hand ? - You must not touch me ! - I have some knowledge . If a doctor could not touch his patients , how could healing begin ? WILL : These okay ? That 's perfect . Excellent , Will . - No sign of Ulf ? - No . - Fritz thinks he 's in trouble . - He would . This is arnica to soothe your pain . Thank you . This is calendula for the sores . I will put that on . - It is not very pretty . - But you will do it ? I will . Thank you . Both of you . We should go and search . It is already well past noon . If he 's not back in one hour , I shall commandeer the boat . What ? Our orders from Julius are to win the Games by getting to the Tripod city . Ulf is subject to orders from Julius also . I do not intend to let anything get in the way of that . Are you in this ? I am determined to carry out my orders . I do not intend to be delayed any longer . - Is he serious ? - Never more so in my life . - Then you 're out of your mind ! - Keep away ! Look ! Instead of getting at each other 's throats , why don 't we go and find out what 's happened to Ulf ? Give us an hour . In spite of this , it 'll be better for all of us if we can go on together . In my judgement , you are now a liability to the mission . That was not julius 's opinion . If you leave the boat , that is your affair . If you are not back by dusk , I shall go on without you . What 's the boy done ? He 's been found guilty of stealing two apples from a store , and he 's been condemned to the pit for seven days . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) What 's the matter ? The company not good enough for you , eh , boy ? I 'm looking for someone . Oh , yeah ? Well , there 's plenty of good people here . But then , you 're a foreigner , aren 't you , eh ? - From the Tyrol . - Ah , I thought so . And on your way to cheat at the Games again , no doubt , eh , boy ? Hey , Heinrich ! This is Heinrich Trautwein . Here is the boy who should have been champion of the Games last year . ( PATRONS AGREEING ) But he was felled in the final by a weighted punch from a Tyroler . ( PATRONS GRUMBLING ) How 'd you like to redeem that dishonour now , eh , boy ? PATRONS : Yeah . Yeah . By drinking the health of our Heinrich Trautwein , the uncrowned champion of the Games ! ( PATRONS CHEERING ) Heinrich Trautwein ! ALL : Drink ! Drink ! Drink ! Drink ! Drink ! A champion . We have a champion . Good night , sir . ( PATRONS EXCLAIMING ) Heinrich ! Heinrich ! Oh , you want a fair fight , eh ? Well , here in Wurttemburg , we will supply you with a fair fight . ( LAUGHING ) - Where are the others ? - They went to Look for you . - What ? - I told them we would leave without them if they were not back by dusk . - You did , did you ? - I did , sir . And I insist that we do . You think you 're the captain now , do you ? ( PATRONS CHEERING ) Do you think you can beat me without cheating ? You Tyroler cheat ! Well done , Heinrich . Well done . ( PATRONS EXCLAIMING ) ( SHOUTING ) Why , you ! You little cheat ! You , you cheating ... - BOY : Too bad you woke up . - Eh ? Best not to know what 's coming . What ? The Black Guards reckon it good sport to start the day by stoning to death anybody they find in here . ( GROANS ) You 're better ? It 's Beanpole 's herbal medicine . It 's beginning to work . ( CHUCKLING ) And the fever , it 's down , isn 't it ? Ulf , for the first time I 've woken believing that I might get better . Will and Beanpole haven 't returned ? I 've searched all night . All I 've heard is of a fight in a tavern involving a boy who sounds very like young Will . If he 's been arrested , it 's only a matter of time before the Black Guards come to search our boat . Beanpole won 't return without his friend . No . - I have to leave without them , Petra . - Ulf ! I 've no alternative . If Will and Beanpole are caught , they 'll be capped . Who knows what they 'll reveal about us then ? - I am the cause of all this . - It 's not your fault . Look . I 'm grateful for what they 've done for you . But little as I like him , I 'm afraid Fritz is right . Effectively , he 's the only survivor . We have to preserve his chance of getting to the Tripod city . Will ? Will ! Beanpole ! Your turn next , all right ? Hurry up ! There 's no time . - Where ' s ULf ? - Come on ! The rope 's yours . Good luck . ( LAUGHING ) Close the gates ! Seal the town ! ( GRUNT $ 3 GUARD : Get them ! Close the gate ! Over here . Quick ! Leave them , follow me ! Close the gates ! Close the gates ! Close the gates ! Fool ! Oh , no ! Ulf must have thought we 'd been arrested . I wonder if he 'll wait at the next staging post ? Not if Fritz has his way . Better start walking , then . Even walking our fastest , it 'll take us five days to get to the stadium . We must find a better way . Will , look ! They didn 't wait . Still , it looks friendlier than Wurttemburg . I 'll go and see what 's up . You must not stay long . Where have you come from ? Urn , we are athletes on our way to the Games . In that ? Well , we left our boat to go ashore in Wurttemburg , and we stayed longer than we should have done , and the captain sailed without us . The barge went by this morning . - You all right ? - All right , but very hungry . - Are you having a festival ? - A wedding . The mayor 's daughter . - We arrived on a good day , then . - A very good day . This is Papagena and I 'm Zerlina . My name is Will . Willy Sachs . And this is jean-Paul . As a matter of fact , we 're starving . Is there anywhere we could get some food ? At the hotel . I 'm sure Frau Heinitz will be delighted . Thank you . In my opinion , the Games are a symptom of our decadence . You 've only to jump five or six metres and they make you a hero . But what about training in the basic necessities of life , huh ? Like dishwashing , for example . That 's where character building lies . I get a very rapid turnover of young people in here , I can tell you . I believe it . Oh ! Too much for you already , is it ? Frau Heinitz , each plate I wipe is another brick in the foundation of my moral development . ( LAUGHING ) - You are not mocking me , Willy ? - How could you think such a thing ? But I would work much faster with just one of those delicious-looking rolls inside me . Uh-uh . We have made a bargain , Willy . Think of it as an exercise in self-discipline , of civilised mind over the coarse demands of the animal flesh . ( BEANPOLE SNICKERING ) ( SLAMS HEAD ) What are you doing down there ? I , uh , I ... I dropped a teaspoon . May we have our food now , please ? When that lot is done will be soon enough . Were you not taught that bread must be earned ? That you must work before you can eat ? " Arrived on a good day , " says he . How is it you say in English ... Appearances ... Can be deceptive ? You 're not kidding . What an old trout , eh ? Everyone else in this town is enjoying themselves today , except us . - We could just grab some food and run . - No , we did that once before , remember ? - But I 'm starving . - HEINITZ : Boys ! I shall have to take you away from this task for a moment , please . There 's a call for room service . This one is for Room 24 , Willy . And this one is for 25 . You know how to uncork the bottles , yes ? I think we will be able , madame . Good , but please resist the temptation to touch anything . Each item has been particularly ordered . How I 'm to arrange a banquet for this afternoon when all the guests seem determined to be feasting all day , I don 't know . Please be back as quick as you can . ( SIGHING ) ( LAUGHING ) ( GIRLS GIGGLING ) So , you were hungry , yes ? Fantastic ! But first , I think you must say grace . ( BELLS TOLLING ) Could 've been my son 's wedding , you know . I would 've been very proud to see my son marry the mayor 's daughter . And what does your son do , Frau Heinitz ? I never had a son . Oh . But you have daughters , surely ? No children . My husband was the Black Guard here . - But he ... - Yes . These 18 years , he 's been dead . But he was a highly respected man . There 's no doubt a son of his would 've married the mayor 's daughter . - Of course . - So what happened to your husband , Frau Heinitz ? He was a man of great integrity , very energetic in his pursuit of vagrants and subversives . Quite unswerving in his loyalty to the Tripods . - All hail to the Tripods . - All hail to the Tripods . He applauded the end of the moral decadence , and greed and war , which tainted the lives of our ancestors . I 'm proud . Still proud to be able to tell you that he ... sacrificed his life to the service of the Tripods . It is an honour to have known of such a man . It is . And it is a great pain to see others less worthy reaping the rewards that should have been his . Ladies and gentlemen ! I crave your indulgence in a mark of respect and appreciation for our host and hostess , the father and mother of the bride , Herr Viktor Krummel and Frau Krummel ! Ladies and gentlemen , the father and mother of the groom , all the way from Wurttemburg , we welcome Herr Kommandant Konrad Goetz and Frau Goetz . ( GUESTS APPLAUDING ) Where has the other waiter got to ? ( SPEAKING FRENCH ) In the kitchen , perhaps ? I will check . Ladies and gentlemen , finally , the groom and his lovely bride , Herr Johann Goetz and Frau Goetz . ( KONRAD EXCLAIMING ) Frau Heinitz , has Willy come in here ? I thought he was with you . You didn 't tell me the groom 's from Wurttemburg . Does that make a difference ? It 's just that Willy isn 't very popular there at the moment . Particularly with Kommandant Goetz . My dear . Waiter ! - Where is Willy ? - I don 't know . But wherever he is , we must keep him out of sight of Goetz . Friends ! This feast has been sumptuously prepared to celebrate the marriage of Johann and Gretel . Let us also dedicate it to the greater glorification of our lords and masters , the Tripods ! ALL : Tripods ! ( GASPING ) Can you get me out of here without him seeing me ? Life and death , honest . My dear . Get Beanpole to tell him there 's a message for him in the lobby . Oh , I beg your pardon . My dear , might I say how ravishing you looked in church today ? - Thank you . - Not to mention delicious . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Tell Goetz there 's a message for him in the lobby . Excuse me , Herr Kommandant . - What is it , boy ? - I 'm sorry to disturb you , sir , but there 's a message for you in reception , about a young prisoner that escaped . I am off duty , I 've left a deputy in charge and I do not wish to be disturbed . Understood ? Of course , sir . ( GROANS ) Please excuse me one moment , Herr Kommandant . Oh , my dear , do hurry back . ( GUESTS EXCLAIMING ) Trouble with men in my position is that people never believe we 're off duty . Business has followed you even to Bachara ? Subversives . We captured one a couple of days ago , but during the night , an accomplice released him from the pit . No sign of any strangers in Bachara during the last couple of days , I suppose , Krummel ? Frau Heinitz , we have a serious problem , Willy and I. If I could explain a little ... A young Tyroler was trying to pass himself off as an athlete on the way to the Games . We never got a good description of his accomplice . Did they ... Had they been long in Wurttemburg ? No subversive stays long in Wurttemburg , Krummel , and if security were tighter in neighbouring towns and villages , we would soon eliminate the problem once and for all . And despite continual unfair intervention from Goetz , Willy finally knocked him out cold . - Willy knocked out Heinrich Trautwein ? - Do you know him ? He used to come here courting with Johann . Goetz may be a dishonour to the good name of the Black Guards , but nevertheless ... ZERLINA : But he picked on an innocent athlete . - If it is true , as you say ... - In the name of the Tripods , - Frau Heinitz , I promise you . - I will see what can be done . Where is Willy now ? ( GASPING ) ( CLEARING THROAT ) But must you leave so soon ? Zerlina , thank you for all your help , you 've been marvellous , - but we have to get to the Games . - But how can you do it in time ? - We shall have to take our Little boat . - But the Games start tomorrow . A great deal depends on our getting there . - YOU 'LL never make it . - We must try . - Subversives ? - They actually escaped from the pit . And I believed their story ! If they have not been properly capped , of course they will lie and deceive . - They seemed so young and innocent . - That is immaterial . As mayor of this town , it is my responsibility to apprehend the two suspects immediately . And I shall be able to hand over to Goetz the two who escaped from his custody . You know I don 't like to do Goetz any favors . You will be doing our town the favour . Then I 'll tell you . I know where they are . I shall lock the room and bring you the key . What a climax to the feast this will be , eh ? Ah , Krummel . Where 's that pretty young bridesmaid got to ? The dress she was wearing was unusually provocative . She will return shortly . I may not have much time for Goetz , but the last thing I tolerate is people who will not obey the laws of the Tripods and the authority of the Black Guard . We explained to you . He framed me . I have heard the full story now . How you passed yourselves off as athletes , - as you did here , but in reality ... - Howell has told you this ? His Lordship , the mayor , knows all about you . - But surely , Frau Heinitz ... - Zerlina ! Back to the reception . These two I shall keep under lock and key . Is this the Kommandants story you now believe ? Well , what has suddenly happened that you trust him over these boys , who wish only to serve the Tripods in their city ? I am ordering you . Frau Heinitz , I 'm shocked you should - suddenly disbelieve us . - Does Goetz know we 're here ? If he did , he 'd be here himself . Now , I should think he 's told this story and the mayor 's jumped to the conclusion we 're the subversives . - You fit the description . - But ... There 's also a suspicion that your caps are not in order . The mayor 's idea is to curry favour with Goetz . Mine is to settle the matter by calling for the Tripod . Frau Heinitz , I beg you . We have trained hard for these Games . For a whole year , we have given up our lives to become fit in mind and body , for one purpose only , to compete in the Games for the supreme prize , the chance of serving the Tripods in the City of Gold . Please , this man Goetz has already put us in danger of being too late . I beg you , do as you said you would and help us on our way . It is we who tell the truth . It is Goetz who lies . Ah , my dear , where have you been ? I do beg your pardon , Herr Kommandant . You know , you 've missed the best of a most magnificent meal . - Oh , but the best is yet to come . - Really ? You should see the cake . Frau Heinitz has excelled herself . ( BANGING ) MAN : Ladies and gentlemen , the cake ! ( ALL GASPING ) Is everything to your satisfaction , Herr Krummel ? With respect to the feast , Frau Heinitz , everything is magnificent . Careful , you clumsy oafs . The bride won 't thank you if her trousseau falls in the river . ( BANGING ) Ladies and gentlemen , the happy couple will now depart . ( GUESTS EXCLAIMING ) - Where are the boys ? - They 're Locked in the bedroom . You sure Frau Heinitz won 't hand them over to Goetz ? Why hasn 't she let them go yet ? They 'd never make it to the Games in time in that , anyway . I 'd like to have gone with them . Me , too . Ah ! Oh , you ... You fool ! It 's all clear . - Where are we ? - On a boat . And a fast one . Let 's hope it 's going downstream . Goodbye , Frau Heinitz , goodbye ! Thank you ! We wouldn 't have got by without the girls . Yes , they were wonderful . - Willy ! jean-Paul ! ( BAND PLAYS MARCHING TUNE ) Friends , fellow officials , competing athletes and spectators all , all of us loyal servants of the Tripods , may I say , welcome to the annual Games . And may I ask you all to observe reverent silence for the arrival of those in whose honour we hold the Games , our masters , the Tripods . Over there . GAMES CAPTAIN : May I remind you all of the highest honour for which these , our young men and women , are competing here , is the pride of being chosen to serve the Tripods in their fabulous City of Gold . So , masters , I call upon you now to do us the honour of opening these Games which we hold to honour you . ( CHEERING ) WILL : Fritz . - So , you are here after all . - Yeah , no thanks to you . BEANPOLE : Did you , uh ... Did you come all the way with Ulf ? - Yes . - Oh , and Petra ? She recovered and was grateful for your help . Good job we didn 't let you drop her in the river , then . I have not seen your names , nor Maria and Gianni 's . Are you entered ? - Where do we do that ? - The secretary 's office . The lists are closing . You 'll have to hurry . Excuse me , I must prepare for my first heat . - Huh ! Very nice . - Self-righteous pig . Come on , we 'd better get a move on . - Ellie , what about you two ? - We can take care of ourselves . You go and prepare and we 'll see you later . - All right . - Good luck . PAPAGENA : To you both . What about Fritz , eh ? You know , sometimes I think he 'd make a really good Black Guard . He 'd have loved Goetz , don 't you think ? - Good news about Petra . - And he choked on it though , didn 't he ? I wonder what happened to Maria and Gianni ? Maybe the Tripods found them too . just like Kate . ( CROWD CHEERING ) Come on . We won 't have time to warm up . Stéphane Baule . Six metres 20 . Next to jump , please , jean-Paul Deliet . Jean-Paul ! Quick , you must jump ! JUDGE : jean-Paul Deliet . Third and final call for Mr JP ... jean-Paul Deliet is just inside the qualifying distance . - You did it . - And just in time . Yes , but if you can qualify that easily , you 've got a great chance of winning . ( CROWD CHEERING ) Box . One , and two , and three ... ALL : Four , five , six ... seven , eight , nine and out . Doesn 't like us much , your Fritz , does he ? Doesn 't like us much , either . For him it is all discipline and application . He can 't bear the idea that success might be easy . Or that you can have fun while achieving it . He looks very good . 200 metres is his distance . Oh , out of all of us , he has the best chance of becoming champion without doubt . Get to your marks . Get set . - Hardhat 's up ? - Fritz , Fritz ! ( CURSES IN FRENCH ) Maybe he strained a muscle . If you ask me , he 's so tight with discipline , his body seized . Sorry about the 200 . Are you all right ? Everything is perfectly good , thank you . Then what happened ? I failed to qualify . But normally you 'd have walked that . Looked almost as though you deliberately threw it . This is stealing , I think . I 'll make my confession to the Tripod . It is dangerous that you have these girls with you . They may learn too much . Also , their behaviour attracts attention . It puts us in danger . You 're jealous . Look , what is the point of trying to rid the world of the Tripods for the sake of humanity , if you have no humanity ? - Lillian . - No . He 's going to hear it . You didn 't have a thought for Ulf 's wife when she was sick , and as soon as he was delayed buying medicine for her , you were all for leaving her behind . ( BEANPOLE SHUSHING ) And I 've no doubt at all that you were the first to pull up the anchor when I got into a spot of bother . We have a purpose here . Well , you might have remembered that on the track . I know what I want to achieve . And I know how to achieve it . BEANPOLE : Come on ! ZERLINA : Willy , come on ! He has too much to win this one . Come on , Willy . Hit him , Willy . Come on . Come on , Willy . ( ALL CHEERING ) ( GONG RINGING ) And the winner , in the blue corner , Willy Sachs . Two of us in the finals . - Congratulations , Will . - Thanks . - You did very well . - Thank you . Oh , but look what he 's done to your face . - It 's not cut . - I know , but ... You 're very good , aren 't you ? Very nearly not good enough . These training camps where you 've learn such skills , they 've taught you very well . And made us train very hard . The 100 metres . Fritz 's last chance . Come on . So , you 're in the finals now , yes ? Thanks to my supporters . But if you win the championship , I shall never see you again . I know it 's an honour to serve the Tripods in their city but ... Well , I would miss you , Will . I stole a look . She 's very pretty . If you go to the City , you may never see her again , either . I think we 'd better get to Fritz 's other race . Unless she is already there ? Thank you . Fritz , I know there have been bad feelings between you and Will . But the City is more important . We need you there . We want you to win . I know you can . Please , don 't be so angry that you 'd give yourself a disadvantage . Did he win ? Good . What I don 't understand is why is it so important for all three of you to be champions ? Everybody wants to be a champion . Yes , but you want to be together , yet you do not even like this Fritz . Come on , Fritz ! Come on , Fritz ! He 's made it ! ( SLOW INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING ) ZERLINA : Do you think that capping makes some people more devoted to the Tripods than others ? I don 't know . I never thought about it much . Well , I have . And I know I shouldn 't say it but ... well , I find all that religious stuff a real bore , don 't you ? Well , different people think about the Tripods in different ways . Well , that 's it . I mean , take your friend , Fritz . - He 's not my friend . - Ellie , whatever he is , then . But I 'll bet he stands at the foot of his bed night and morning saluting the Tripods ' image without turning a hair . Oh , yes , he 's a great disciplinarian , is our Fritz . Well , I can 't see you doing that . Uh , no . No . I 'm going to want something to eat after this . - You 're always hungry . - Am I ? Look at Papagena and Beanpole . Getting along pretty well . Exactly . So what are they supposed to feel if he wins the championship ? Zerlina . Or has he got another girl in the City , too ? Will , we must talk . - But ... - It is important . Excuse me . Jean-Paul . BEANPOLE : Excuse me , please . One moment . Can you make out what they 're up to ? He is wonderful , jean-Paul. just like I 've always heard of the French . Yes , well , I 'd make the most of it , girl . ( CLEARING THROAT ) Um , I 'm sorry , but something important has cropped up . - What do you mean ? - We have to leave , I 'm afraid . You what ? Well , that 's really great , isn 't it ? Well , what do you expect us to do ? Twiddle our toes in a tent all night ? Zerlina , I 'm very sorry . Well , don 't you worry about us . We can take care of ourselves . - Beanpole ? - We won 't be long . WILL : I wish you 'd told us about this before . FRITZ : I only just found it . There . I 'm sorry for spoiling your party , but I thought it valuable to examine it from the outside first . BEANPOLE : I wonder why they built it over a river ? Because they need water ? How do they produce such light ? - Electricity . Beanpole ? - Maybe . We 've seen Paris dead . Imagine what it was like as a living city . Tomorrow , with luck , we shall begin to know the answers . The ancestors built some weird houses . ( SCREAMING ) ( LAUGHING ) You are very stupid ! Can 't you take a joke ? Oh , he 's overwrought about the championships . Then why isn 't he getting his beauty sleep ? I think I need some help . - Hardhat 's the matter ? - I 've twisted my ankle . - I hope you ... - Do not even think it . - Oh , I 'm sorry . - It 's all right . I could as easily have done it dancing . ( HORNS PLAYING FANFARE ) Today is the Day of Champions and once again I ask you to join with me in dedicating our best endeavours to the service of the Tripods . First events of the morning are the finals of the sprints , beginning with the men 's 100 metres . ( INAUDIBLE ) Good luck . Get to your marks . Get set . - Congratulations . - I 've done what I came to do . You were a different runner . Yesterday I didn 't want anybody to regard me as a serious threat . He 's the only one I want to win . Poor Beanpole . And long jump is next . - Are you sure you should ? - Yes . - I can 't bear to look . - He certainly has courage . ( GROANING ) Thank you but don 't . ( ECHOING ) Get up ! Will , you must not fail . REFEREE : Six , seven , eight , nine ... Come on ! Will , you must win ! You must knock him out ! He 's well behind on points . Come on , come on . Come on , Willy . Come on , hit him harder ! Harder ! One , two , three , four , five ... ALL : Six , seven , eight , nine , and out ! Yes ! Perhaps it 's just as well one of us remains outside the City . I could find somewhere to live near here , where I can see the river and watch the movements of the Tripods . Observe the materials they bring to the City , the things they need . Yes , there 's a lot I can learn to add to the discoveries you and Fritz will make inside . Yes . Yes , that 's good . And you 'll know where to find me when you get out . I shall stay here until the snows come . And if you haven 't escaped by then , I shall return to the White Mountains with what I 've found out . Well boxed , WI ll . - Perhaps it 's for the best after all . - Yeah . ( CROWD CHEERING ) Now is the great moment when we offer the best of our young men and women , the champions of the Games , to the even greater privilege of lifelong service to the Tripods . I offer the champion of the 100 metres , Fritz Eger . Next , I offer to our lords the Tripods Renata Louble , winner of the ladies ' 200 metre hurdles . Renata comes from those lands to the east once called Napier . Only the second girl from that country to receive the honour of service to the Tripods . And after her , we have Renee Condé , who has established a new record in ... ( VOICE FADES OUT ) But what if ? We shall be represented by ... GAMES CAPTAIN : Willy Sachs from Tyrol . ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( CROWD CHEERING ) See ? They are driven by other humans , super-intelligent humans . - Did you hear me ? - So did everyone else . Beanpole would have loved to see this . You 're impressed . Does it show ? Wait till you see the City . Follow me . Congratulations on your selection for service in the City . You 'll find that the temperatures are hotter than you 're used to and these are the clothes you must wear . Please change . Our Masters breathe a form of air which is poisonous to us . We would die within moments of breathing it . So , we have to wear these whenever we enter the masters ' areas . You 'll find that pools of perspiration collect here , inside the helmets . Now , this may feel uncomfortable . But don 't , on any account , attempt to remove the helmets while you 're in the Masters ' atmosphere . You would die instantly . There are recreation areas where we can breathe human air . In these areas , you can remove your helmets and relax in safety . This is an air lock , where the atmosphere will change before we enter the Masters ' city . It 's changing now . You 'll notice that the light is also changing to green , the colour of the Masters ' air . Follow me , please . ALL : Hail to the Tripods . Is it possible that men could have built all this ? This is fantastic . That huge building over there , along with the other one . - Hardhat 's it all made of ? - Careful . The others simply accept with admiration . He was getting suspicious of your questions . How else are we going to get answers ? Scientifically , by observation and deduction . GUIDE : Follow me , please , to the choosing place . ( co UGH ING ) A little claustrophobic in these , eh ? All praise to the Tripods . Steady ! ( co UGH ING ) GUIDE : Everyone stand under a beam of light . The Masters will shortly make their choice . ( co UGH ING ) - Sir , sir , Charles is in real trouble . - No , I 'm all right . GUIDE : Stay . ( CHARLES COUGHING ) Go back , please . We regret he is unable to serve the Masters . To serve the Masters is the greatest privilege on Earth . Fear of their strangeness will only cause of fence . - Yes , but ... - Shh . MASTER 1 : Boy , you will be with me . MASTER 2 : Come with me , boy . MASTER 3 : Come with me . MASTER 4 : Come with me , boys . Follow me , boy . MASTER 5 : You two , follow me . You have offended . - You mean , I 'm not chosen ? - You insulted a Master . - I was just surprised , I ... - Your mind was not filled with joy ? Yes , but I ... Boy , you 're a strange one . In what sport did you win a championship ? Boxing , Master . - And do you wish to serve ? - Yes , oh , yes , Master . It appeared you were more interested in your fellows than in being chosen . I was just distracted by Charles . He was ... Hmm . Not all can adapt successfully . You may leave us now . You have chosen , then , Master ? I have . I hope you will give good service . MASTER : Come . Now , let me examine you . Hmm . - Hmm , a fine specimen . - Thank you , Master . And what about the cap ? Hmm ? Has that been successful ? Oh , yes , yes , Master . Only ... Well ... - Go on , boy . - Before the capping , I ... ( CLEARING THROAT ) Well , I had a reputation for asking questions . Nosey Parker , they used to call me , because I always wanted to know how and why and , well , just why everything is the way it is . It was this curiosity that attracted me to you , boy . We shall exploit it to advantage . Now , before you ask me , I 'll tell you my name . I am West Avenue 4 , Sector 6 , Level 8 . West 468 , for short . This is me . My identity . - In your terms , my name . - Master 468 . - And you , boy ? - Lillian , Master . - Lillian what ? - Willy Sachs . - But ... - But Will for short . ( MASTER 468 CHUCKLES ) Very apt . For after 100 years , I 'm delighted to have found at last a slave with a mind of his own . Where do you come from ? The Tyrol , Master . A little village called Marienkirchen . Ah , the Austrian Alps . Very beautiful . But enough questions . You are tired and must rest . This happens with new slaves . Ah , here is Georg . Georg comes from Flanders . Georg , this is your successor . Willy Sachs , from the Tyrol . Georg will show you your quarters and will introduce you to the facilities provided for slaves . - Thank you , Georg . - Master . You have served well . I wish you a happy release . - Thank you , Master . - Rest well , boy . And don 't let questions keep you awake . We have work to do . ( YAWNING ) Let 's get that off . Stand aside . GUARD : Gang , halt . This area is being made ready to receive a new marvel of the Masters ' creation . It 's your privilege to make way for a great miracle . Long live the Masters . Hail to the Tripods . Hail . How wonderful to be here . It 's very impressive . Ah , you 're just a cold , unemotional German , Fritz . Doesn 't you 're heart burst with pride ? I do sometimes find it difficult to express the emotion I feel . Come , observe the tasks . Take him away . ( SIREN WAILING ) Right , you 've seen the work . Now show the quality of your dedication to the Masters by the amounts you shift ! Move ! Used clothing must be disposed of here . Your helmet must be recharged here after use . And should you require one in a hurry , there is the spare one on the shelf below , fully charged . Who sleeps over there ? A new slave for Master West 458 . He was chosen from the Champions . Retiring to the country , are you ? Country ? " Happy release " , I expect a chalet by a beach somewhere . ( CHUCKLING ) ( SIGHING ) Any girls in the City ? They do the cleaning , and the cooking and the nursing . Where do they live ? Ah , girls . I , urn ... I have this friend of mine , she came to the City last year . She 's very beautiful , but I can 't say that I 've seen her . In the City , the desire to serve the Masters transcends all . You 'll find your interest in girls will fade , fast . - Because of the cap . - Because of the Masters . Of course , of course . Urn , tell me , how long have you been with 468 ? One loses all track of time as we know it in the world outside . - All right , is he ? - All Masters are good . Yes , it 's been a particular privilege to serve this Master . You 're very fortunate to be replacing me . If he can 't do better than that , he 's no good to the Masters . His strength will increase . I thought you were all supposed to be champs . Strength comes in short bursts . He needs time to adapt . ( SIREN WAILING ) I 'll carry him back . Just so long as he 's ready for the next shift , right ? Come , it 's time for my happy release . You must accompany me . No further , Will . The Masters take care of me from here . I see no Masters . This is my reward for four long years of service . May your turn come as joyously . Four years ? What else have you been doing in the City ? You 're confused about my age because of my appearance . I remember how long our human lives used to be . But here in the City , life is hastened by this strange atmosphere . My old age is quite remarkable . Last week I celebrated my 21 st birthday . I ... Congratulations . This is yours now . The Master can summon you at any time with it . Be worthy of it , for my sake . Honour to the Tripods . Honour to the Masters . Hail ! Hail ! Hail ! ( BEEPING ) ( cow MOOING ) ( ROOSTER CROWING ) ( cow BELLS JINGLING ) Good morning . I thought you would like to feel at home . - I was surprised , Master . - Pleasantly , I hope . Of course , but ... Are we not still in the City of Gold ? ( CHUCKLING ) Questions , questions . I thought for a moment that you had sent me home , that I was not worthy to serve you . We are still in the City . You are still in my service . I found the Tyrolean scene in our picture library . But it was so real . Didn 't the cows move ? You have a lot to learn , Will . And so short a time in which to learn it . Now , wash and eat . We must not waste the little time we have . How are you feeling now ? ( REPLIES IN FRENCH ) Without your help , I would not have survived the first day . Fully recovered ? The thing is to pace oneself more . I was so keen to please the Masters , I forgot to do that . - Providing their Guards will let you . - Oh , they are very encouraging . On your move ! So you want to join the Power Elite , eh ? Sorry , I ... Come on . - Hello . - I 'm Katrina . - My roommate ? - just clean-up . I 'm Will . - Enjoying your breakfast ? - Yes , yes . It 's wonderful . You 're the first girl I 've seen in the City . When they segregated us at the Games , I began to wonder . There are quite a few of us . But we 're only second-class slaves . - Oh , how come ? - You 're privileged . You 've been chosen to serve the Masters face-to-face . We only glimpse them from a distance . Wish I 'd been a boy . I don 't . You 're doing what you told me not to do . - I have offended the Guards . - But you 'll kill yourself ! I must prove my love for the Masters . What you said to me was that none of us could serve them dead . Please , don 't stop me . So , how long have you been here ? Since summer . I was taken at my capping . I still can 't get over it . - No . No , no , of course . - You don 't seem so pleased about it . Oh , I am , yes . It 's wonderful . Tell me , did you know the old man who was here before me ? Dear Georg . He has won a happy release at last . Yes , I was there . What a wonderful servant he was . Four years . - Hope I can serve as well . - You will . I worry about it a bit . I mean , does it ever happen that a ... Well , that a slave proves unworthy ? That would mean the Master has made a bad choice , and that 's impossible ! Don 't worry about it . You 'll be fine . ( BEEPING ) Go on . That 's your Master calling . This girl in a neighbouring village to mine , she was queen of the summer tournament , and was taken by a Tripod last year . - I wonder if you 've ... - I haven 't seen her . But perhaps she serves in the Hall of Beauty . ( BEEPING ) You must go . Long live the Masters . A well-regulated life of dedication is what 's required . Now , get up and take it a bit easier ! That 's the one who tried to sneak into the control room . Been going like a madman ever since to make up . - I 've been watching him . He 's unstable . - He saved my life ! Yeah , well , I say we dump him . - Yeah . - Take the arms . MASTER 468 : You have a very inefficient single-star system . Your planet Earth spins on its axis only once in 24 hours . So for roughly a third of its cycle , any point on the surface is in darkness , starved of the life-giving energy of the sun . That is why you have to sleep . WILL : And Masters don 't ? MASTER 468 : We were born under a different system . Our world , called Trion , is fixed at a point between three suns . - So you never have darkness ? - A ceaseless supply of sunlight . On Earth , you depend on the conversion of solar energy to food , which you then have to cook and eat three times a day . You mean you don 't need food , either ? Mmm . Then how do you get your energy ? Through perpetual transfusion from our three suns . And from water . Trion is a water world . Is that why the City is built on a river ? It was essential . You say you 've already been here for over 100 years . WILL : Then how long do you live ? In comparison with the brief , butterfly lifespan of you poor humans , we live for , well ... Can you understand eternity ? Immortal ? ( MASTER 468 CHUCKLES ) Well , relatively speaking . ( SHOWER RUNNING ) MASTER 468 : Do you recognise this ? It 's a daisy . MASTER 468 : Bellis perennis . The flower that opens in the morning . The day 's eye . Utterly a creature of its diurnal world . What do you know about it , Will ? Well , it , uh ... It grows wild pretty well everywhere , Master , even in places where people don 't want it to grow . - What is its purpose ? - Purpose ? - Ellie , apart from looking pretty ... - Is it pretty ? Even when it is so undisciplined as to grow in places where it 's not wanted ? Well , that would be a matter of opinion , wouldn 't it ? MASTER 468 : What is your opinion ? I think it 's one of the prettiest flowers there is . I like its simplicity . MASTER 468 : Who designed it ? WILL : No one designed it , Master . It just grows . MASTER 468 : You 're not so good at answering my questions as I am yours . WILL : No , Master . MASTER 468 : It 's not surprising . The process by which you gain knowledge is so very primitive , and your lives are so astonishingly brief , I 'm surprised you know anything at all . - I do ask questions . - Indeed you do . But for my purpose , I need more precise knowledge . I require you to bring me a daisy . From outside the City ? ( CHUCKLING ) Okay . Okay . Okay . Hey ! - Me ? - Weren 't you ... Yes , I came off shift about 10 minutes ago , but as soon as I got out of the shower , I realised I 'd forgotten my notes . Okay . Excuse me , sir . - One of the new trainees ? - Yes . I mean , that is , I 'd like to be . Were you not chosen ? I wish to serve the Masters to the best of my ability . I know I can do much better in here than in the slave camp . There 's lots who think that , my boy . They all think we have an easy life in here . It 's not the privileges I 'm after , except to serve the Masters . It might be as well to give the boy a trial . Recent intake is poorer than ever . We could do with new blood . I don 't want to upset the Guards by appearing to encourage defection . He only wants to serve the Masters at a higher level . Who can complain about that ? Mine ? He 's an anthropologist , making a detailed study of the Earth . Mine 's a dreamer , I think . He does nothing all day but sit in his steam bath , calling for gallons of water and gas bubbles . Mine hasn 't had one of those yet . What do they do ? I understand they expand their powers of perception . And the water they drink so much ! My Master they come from a water world . Certainly with tentacles outstretched , he does tend to look a bit like a squid . - Lillian . - What ? Don 't say another word . That 's blasphemy . BOLL : We 're talking of a people who can build all this , about a race who can master the universe ! And all you can think of is ... - Squid . - I don 't wish to hear it . - I think my Master would be amused . - Don 't try it , Will . An insult like that , and we could all be punished . What do you think that is ? BOLL : My predecessor called it the Pool of Fire . This place was built by the ancestors to produce a power called electricity . It 's called a fission reactor , and it was once capable of supplying electric power to much of northern Europe . Now the Masters have taken it over . They have built their city round it , and the reactor now supplies them with the power they need . And your job is to keep it working for them ? What a wonderful privilege , to provide such a real service for the Masters . Excuse me . Come on down . - What a wonderful place ! - This must be your first visit . Yes , I 'm a new slave . I was chosen by Master 468 in place of Georg . Ah , dear Georg . He used to love to come here and look at the tulips . - My name 's Jeanne . - I 'm Will . You 're very welcome . Now , what can I get you for Master this time ? He wants a daisy . A daisy ? He 'll want the whole root , I expect . He 's always wanting to get to the bottom of things . Excuse me while I fetch a container . Thanks . I like it here . Bye . Come with me . So you think there is a chance I might be accepted ? The Power Master will almost certainly consider you . I could give you some basic training before he interviews you . - I think that would help . - I 'd be very grateful . Okay . We 'll see what we can do . - You have a problem , Captain ? - You have a skiver in here . Stole a uniform , got in under false pretences . - No objection if we flush him out ? - Go ahead , Captain . Identify the culprit . CAPTAIN : Right . Speak , Captain . Master , the accused is a new slave chosen for the slave camp . This is the second time he has tried to defect . POWER MASTER : The boy must certainly be punished . But I will speak to the Slave Master about a possible transfer . By the time I 'm finished with you , boy , the only bits left for transfer will be bacon rind . Squad , march . Master ? Master ? Ah , the daisy . Hmm . I agree it does have a beguiling simplicity . But as with so many Earthly species , appearances will almost certainly be deceptive . Ah , you 're tired . How did the journey go ? The City is fantastic , amazing . It is a hybrid of Earth and of Trion . You would be even more amazed by Trion itself . - I 'd like to see it . - We shall see . We shall see . Now , place the specimen for examination and take yourself off for a rest . I sense the beginning of a fruitful relationship . Thank you , Master . The Slave Master did well to pick you at the choosing . I only wish to serve the Masters , sir . The Power Elite are over-privileged and under-worked . When the Masters' own power plant is installed , they 'll be for the scrapheap . - And when will that be ? - Never mind when . Your first loyalty is to the Slave Master who chose you . I understand that now , sir . Between you and me , you 've got potential . You want advancement ? join the Guards . Thank you , sir . If you survive the punishment . ( DOOR OPENS ) Hi . You look all in . He suddenly had me running errands all over the City . What an incredible place , though . Hey , your friend Fritz Eger , the 100 metres champion ... - Not my friend . - You know him , though . Go on . Called in at the Recreation Centre on the way back . The buzz is the Guards have flogged him to death . I thought you said he wasn 't your friend . Come in . - Hello . - What happens to people who are ... - From the Punishment Room ? - Fritz Eger ? If they survive , they 're brought here to recover . - If not ... - Is he here ? He offended the Slave Master . Fritz .
