 WILL : I was sent here on an errand , to pick daisies . FRITZ : Daisies ? WILL : My Master 's studying plant life . FRITZ : You could almost forget where you really are . WILL : Until you remember why it 's here . Tell me what you found . Beneath the City is a huge machine generating electricity . It 's incredible . It 's the powerhouse of the whole place . It gives the Masters the energy they need . Yet it 's run by slaves . An Elite . Special uniforms and special privileges . Special training ? It 's beyond even Beanpole 's knowledge of electrical power . But they 're still capped ? And the most amazing thing is that it was originally built not by the Masters , but by our ancestors . - For the convalescent . - Oh , thanks . Is the sun warm enough for you ? I could turn it up if you wish . You 'd forgotten already ? We 're much more efficient at climate control than chaotic old nature outside . Mmm . - Thanks again . - You 're welcome . - Go on . - Further below ground , underneath the generating machine is a vast cavern being dug out by the slave gangs . It is intended for some other machinery of the Masters ' own design . I wonder what that will be ? Site preparation is all I 've seen . But other work could be going on elsewhere in the City . What do you think we should do next ? I have a chance of being transferred from the slave gangs to the control room - to join the Elite . - You must be joking . There is a man there , he seems quite influential , he took a particular interest in me . - Ah , nurse . - Oh , hello . How are you keeping ? - You look a bit flushed again . - No , no , I 'm fine , thanks . - But I 'm looking for ... - I 'm not doling out any more pills until you promise to go on that diet . - It 's not that . - You have it far too easy . Too much to eat and too little exercise . - The Power Elite ... - Nurse ! I 'm looking for a young slave . I believe he was brought in after he was punished by the Guards . Oh , I see . - That 's not ... - No , it could quite easily have been . What on Earth did he do to deserve such a beating ? Simply asked to work in the power station . Ah . - May I see him , please ? - He 's not here . " Just a little convalescent stroll , " he said . I wouldn 't be surprised if he hasn 't collapsed somewhere . You should have seen the state he was in . Did he say where he was going ? He went off with a friend . One of the new Masters ' boys . I told them no more than a half an hour but ... Please tell him I came to see him . You could do worse than take a jog around the City yourself , you know , Pierre . Get some of that weight off your heart . Where have you been ? Out . How can you serve your Master if you don 't rest ? - That 's my problem . - Not if you fail to please . - Oh , shut up , will you ? - There you are , tired and irritable . - And soon time for service . - Listen , Boll . You run your life and I 'll run mine . Don 't forget , Will , that our lives are as nothing for ourselves . We 're the property of our Masters now . Where have you been ? - I got fresh air and exercise . - You fool . Half an hour at the most , I said , and now look at you . I don 't know what kind of a reputation you 're trying to make for yourself . But if you 're trying to impress , you 're going a funny way about it . Anyway , you missed another visitor while you were out . One of the bigwigs from the Power Elite . Not Pierre ! Under your tongue , with your mouth shut . He 's another fool bent on destroying himself . Spends far too much time at the Pink Parrot . Is that what you have in common ? A mutual interest in self-destruction ? ( CHUCKLING ) Normal . Well , that 's more than you deserve , young man . Hey , come back ! Fritz ! ( INSTRUMENTAL POP MUSIC PLAYING ) Ah , you have recovered . ( BEEPING ) And boy , two glasses with the juice , please . Yes , sir . We don 't eat like this . A privilege of office in the Power Elite . Which you are so desperately anxious to join . Unless , of course , a taste of the Guards ' punishment - has changed your mind . - Oh , no , sir . At least , I mean , I 'm willing to do whatever the Masters wish . Did Borman try to persuade you to join the Guards ? - Yes . - I 'm not surprised . He 's noticed you have a mind of your own , all right . I wonder if he , like me , suspects there may be a defect in your capping ? What do you mean ? Although you say you want to serve the Masters , your actions show that what you really want is to please yourself . - Sir , that 's just not true . - Sit down ! Contrary to what you think , you 're not the only one here with that complaint . I miss the wines more than anything . There 's not a drop of alcohol to be had in the whole City . To Julius . So , you 've been exploring the City . - What new wonders have you seen ? - I went again to the garden , Master . My companion 's been sick , and I thought the fresh air and sunlight would do him good . - What was the matter with him ? - He had angered the Guards . He may be an athlete , but he 's also very bright , and reckons he could do much better service with his brain than in the slave gang . His mind has an independent cast similar to your own . Are you attached to this boy ? We met on our way to the games and we just got along . Is he what you might describe as a ... a friend ? - Yes . - Interesting . We do not have such relationships any more . I envy the concern you have for him . Would you be my friend , Will ? I was a student at Gottingen University . Never heard of it ? Well , it was one of those cradles of nuclear physics in the 20th century . Now the Masters use it as a training ground for the Power Elite . A kind of intellectual equivalent of the Games , where the best brains are selected for the City . I was sent there by julius in the hope that I would qualify . You still don 't know what I 'm talking about ? Oh , come on , Fritz . I 've been on my own in here for nearly five years . Look at me , I 'm cracking up ! I 've got a dicky heart . And I don 't have time to play games . You 're the first uncapped athlete to make it . - What makes you say I 'm uncapped ? - The way you behave . Hmm . A later model than mine . But both bear the features of Dr Herschel 's work in the White Mountain . I have no doubt of your loyalty , Will , or of your desire to serve me and my colleagues . I have no doubt the fundamental requirements of the capping process have been achieved in you , else your behaviour would be more that of a vagrant . But you are the kind of slave that excites my interest , because the capping process has not destroyed your individuality . It bodes well for our future relationship . I 'm deeply honoured , Master . You think I 'm really here for the Masters , don 't you ? To trap you . You think they already know about Julius and the Free Men . I don 't know what you are talking about . I 'm going to call the Guards . Fritz ! No . Leave him . - Leave us . - Sir . I appreciate you keeping your guard up . You 've been well-trained . But time is not on our side . I 'm not joking when I say I 've got a dicky heart . You 'd better sit down . Thanks . I 've looked for someone at every intake of new slaves . But I 'd really given up hope . Which is why you find me like this . We , too , had given up hope . Julius told us of you . But only as history . I can 't believe ... That I look like this ? And I 'm only 20 years old ? ( CHUCKLING ) This place takes a terrible toll on you , Fritz . We have no time to lose . You mentioned a future relationship between Earth people and Trion , Master . I would very much like to know what that future will be . First you must understand the present . And that in turn requires an understanding of the past . Life on Earth began 4 billion years ago . At first the pace was slow . But it quickened to produce an infinite variety of species , until only a few million years ago , the first of your human ancestors emerged . These are the ancestors ? From 10,000 years ago . They look more like apes . ( CHUCKLING ) So they were . But although the universe teems with life and intelligence , Will , biological species similar to our own are depressingly rare . I know there are striking differences . But humans are the closest relatives we Masters have found in space . I 've got so much information for you to take back to Julius . I don 't know how you 'll remember it . I 'm not alone . I have a colleague . He 's servant to Master 468 . Good . Good . One of the thinkers . Not like your dumb-witted Slave Master . He 's learning a lot about their history and their plans for our future . Invaluable . And stuff I 've never been able to get my hands on . We also have another companion waiting outside the city . Have you given any thought to how we might get out ? Yes . Come on . I 've got plenty to show you yet . You set the pace . Fritz , this is wonderful . You 've given me a new lease of life . Come on . And the ancestors built all of this ? And more . MASTER 468 : Towards the end of the 20th century your ancestors overcame two factors which had limited the pace of development : the tiny size of the human brain and the incredible shortness of the human lifespan . An early cybernetic form of life was born , and with it the possibility of a human interstellar civilisation as great and glittering , perhaps , as our own . But where is all this now ? I 've seen ruins of the ancestors ' cities on my way to the Games . But this ... Where 's it all gone ? What happened ? This . PIERRE : Each of these weighs over a hundred tons . They are necessary to close off water which flows through these pipes at the rate of millions of gallons a minute . From here the water goes where ? Into the reactor vessel itself , where it gets very hot . From there it drops into an underground culvert to rejoin the river outside . Good . That 's what I want to see next . Not now , Fritz . I 've done enough walking for one day . From here we take the lift . And I 'll show you something else . MASTER 468 : You can see why we could no longer stand by , waiting for your species to grow up . The peace of space was being threatened . You make me ashamed of my own people . It was why we developed the Tripods , to carry us about in the poisonous atmosphere of Earth , so we could neutralise your sick minds through the implantation of the cap . There now . You feel better ? Don 't be too ashamed of your humanity , Will . There is much about your world to admire . It 's my job to collect , to analyse and to assess aspects of the human world which may be of interest to the wider society of space . I was impressed with your high regard for the daisy . You gave me a new point of view . And I have given instructions for it to be preserved , as a result of your recommendation . In the Hall of Beauty ? You have heard of it ? From the girl who cleans my room . What is it , Master ? ( CHUCKLING ) Questions again ? You must be feeling better . We are preparing to send back to Trion the most appealing artefacts and organisms of the human Earth . Perhaps you would like to see some of the selections we have made . I would be honoured , Master . That 's more the way I like to travel . Now , over there , we get a good view of it . This is what we call the Pool of Fire . It 's built directly on top of the nuclear reactor . - What is its purpose ? - I don 't know for sure . Because as far as humans are concerned , it 's absolutely forbidden . Will must ask his Master . Logically , it must be a kind of database , a fantastic central store of knowledge . But looking down on it , don 't you find it difficult to suppress second thoughts ? About destroying it ? Whatever it is , it 's pretty amazing . We certainly face a difficult task . But what worries me is if that is some kind of brain down there , some kind of Masters ' computer , then it 's probably a billion times more intelligent than all of the brains of all of us Free Men put together . I don 't care how great their achievements are . The City is run by slaves ! Our whole world is enslaved by the cap ! All right . I know . I haven 't entirely forgotten why I 'm here . It 's just that in comparison with all of this , our intentions begin to seem rather crude . However , if we go back to my room , I 'll tell you the plans I 've worked out , how we could first escape , and then make a successful attack on the City . ( GASPING ) I 'm late for my shift ! Hey ! Are you all right ? This is one of my favourite rooms . Somehow , the very shortness of their lives enhances the beauty of their appearance . ( CHUCKLING ) Sometimes I wonder if brevity and beauty go hand in hand and that the penalty for longevity is ugliness . Do you think I 'm ugly , Will ? No . No , Master . Well ... I think that you 're unfamiliar to me . Hmm . The cap is supposed to prevent dissembling , Will . But I 'm afraid I don 't believe you . Still , how wonderful it would be if we were able to provide these with a longer lifespan without impairing their beauty . Are they dead ? Quick , help me get him to the hospital . Is it not a stirring thought that a few hundred years from now these beautiful women will step out into the new world we will have created for them on Trion ? ( WHISPERING ) Eloise . MASTER 468 : Is it not a joyous thought , that she should live long and please the Masters so ? Yes , Master ! It is a joyous thought . I wouldn 't have been surprised if you had been brought in like this . - I 'm pretty fit . - Not for long , if you go on like this . - How 's he doing ? - All right . But don 't you ignore what I say , Fritz . This place is tough on us humans . Look what it 's done to him . And he had it easy . ( PIERRE BREATHING WITH DIFFICULTY ) So much to tell you . Ea ? ! - ( MUMBLING ) What is it , Pierre ? Tell me . What is it ? Pierre . ( CHOKING ) I 've made you an offer which 99 % of slaves would jump at , boy . The privilege of joining the Guard . Not to be sneezed at , is it ? No , sir . Well , yet it would seem that you have refused it . I shall be honoured to accept the decision of the Masters . Hmm , but you want to join the Power Elite . If it were a question of my own choice , that is what I would prefer to do . Is that why you killed the chief engineer ? Why should I want to kill him ? He was the one who spoke on my behalf when I asked to join the Elite . He was late for his shift in the control room . Where had you been ? He was educating me in the energy systems of the City . He wanted me to join . He said they were looking for new blood . He certainly had a more persuasive tongue than I. Unless , of course , you were persuading him . What are you doing ? I 'm just writing a letter home . What do you mean ? Well , it would be nice to be able to do that , don 't you think ? But home , it doesn 't mean anything now . We 're in service to the Masters . Don 't you ever think about your mother and father ? They 'd be very proud to know I 'm here . And that they 'll never see you again ? Or your little sister ? Do you think she 's stopped asking when you 're going to come home to tease her ? After all , she 's not capped yet , is she ? I 've never thought of them like that . Well , I do ! And I don 't see why we shouldn 't be able to send the odd letter home . Tell them all about it . I mean , why does it have to be so secret ? - But we 're with the Masters . - We are . But what about the majority of people in here ? Being kicked around by Guards all the time . Most of them hardly get to glimpse the Masters . How proud do you think their families would be of them ? - I don 't like to talk ... - It 's true , though , isn 't it ? - Maybe ... - If the Masters and the Tripods are all they 're cracked up to be , do you think they 'd be afraid of the truth ? You must be sick , Will . ( BEEPING ) Try to put these terrible thoughts from your mind , for your own sake . For all our sakes . There . A bunch of home truths dispatched to the only place that can take them in this City , the rubbish tip . Does that make you happy ? Your mind must be pure and free from evil whilst you offer service to your Master . The funny thing is , Boll , my Master likes me just the way I am . Damn it , boy ! It won 't do you any good to go on maintaining your innocence . You mean , I 'm going to be punished anyway ? You 'll be sent back to the slave gang , put to work on the rock face until you drop . What 's the point of the interrogation , then , if I 'm already condemned ? It would please the Slave Master if you confessed . To what ? I have done nothing . You 're lying , DOV ! And the Slave Master knows that you lie . And that means that your cap must be defective . So , unless you confess , you will be taken to the capping hall , where your head will be opened for examination . If you confess , the Slave Master does have it in his power to forgive you . Well , if he is convinced that you are sincere , he may find use for you as a member of the Guard . What do you want ? The Power Master has concluded negotiations with the Slave Master . Fritz Eger is to be transferred to the Power Elite . Come . This friendship is an appealing thing . Yes , I 've been fortunate that you chose me . Would one friend scratch another 's back ? Ah . Mmm . ( GRUNTING ) That 's no good ! Bring me a gas bubble , boy . I 'm afraid I didn 't please you , Master . We are from different worlds . Friendship is also a deeply disturbing thing , is it not ? Sometimes it can be quite emotional . Was the girl in the Hall of Beauty your friend also ? Answer me , boy . This was a different kind of friendship , Master . What you would call " love " ? Master , please ! It gives you so much pain . It hurt seeing Eloise dead . She is not dead . Her life is merely suspended . So you say . But what chance have I of seeing her alive on Trion ? And the thought of her pleasing the Masters there , does that do nothing to assuage your pain ? To be truthful , Master , it doesn 't help at all . Would you , if you were able ... Would you like me to arrange for your life also to be suspended ? So you could travel to Trion with her ? And in a few hundred years ' time , revive with her and resume your lives together ? Master , is that really possible ? Is it what you really want ? Fritz Eger , welcome to your new status . Thank you , Master . I expect you to justify the confidence I have placed in you . It 's an honour to serve . It 's rare to be chosen for the Elite from the slave gangs . People will be very curious about your background . You mean , my qualifications ? And experience . I have little of either , but I 'm anxious to learn . I am very grateful to you for acting on Pierre 's recommendation . He recognised a kindred spirit . It 's a shame he 's no longer here for you to learn from him . I very much regret that , too . You have conflicting loyalties , Will . I 'm afraid I do , Master . But my first loyalty is to you . But you don 't like me as much as the girl . It 's not the same , Master . You mean , you don 't love me as much ? As much as your friend , Fritz , then . Master , you chose me . I have absolute loyalty to you . And I honour you and the Masters of the City above any beings I know . I 'm grateful to you for your interest in me and for your overwhelming offer to send me with Eloise . But I remain absolutely your servant . Another bubble ? Mmm . ( SCREAMING ) Are you all right ? It was ... It was pure reflex , instinctive and defensive . - I was careless . - No , I should have explained first . The spot is extremely sensitive . I 'm lucky ... I could have been badly hurt , even killed by such a blow . MASTER 468 : You will want to know what a Cognosc is . WILL : Yes , Master . MASTER 468 : The City , Will , is a brain . At the top of each of these pyramids is a separate cell of intelligence connected with the Pool of Fire at the center . Each of these cells is a Cognosc , a being so much more advanced than we Masters , that it has no physical presence at all . WILL : So , you 're not the ultimate authority in this City ? MASTER 468 : We Masters merely provide the physical environment in which the brain can function . WILL : But where do the Cognoscs come from ? MASTER 468 : Some , originally , were Masters like me . Long ago , they were selected for their superior intelligence . Their minds were translated away from their physical bodies into the very structure of the universe itself . In all my years , I 've never yet had an audience . Now , it is to happen . And all , apparently , because of you . So , does the Cognosc know everything that 's in your mind ? Yes . ( CHUCKLING ) Perhaps he wants to discuss the daisy with us . So , will he know everything that 's in my mind ? He will do very soon . Through the cap , the Cognosc can know all . You are the one who is summoned to the presence . My humble task has been merely to ... to lead you here . COGGY : Si ? down . And take your helmet off . Welcome , my dear Will . No , my name 's Willy . Willy Sachs . ( COGGY LAUGHING ) No . No , you 're Will Parker from Wharton . I don 't know what you 're talking about or who you are , but my name is Willy Sachs . I come from Marienkirchen in the Tyrol . That is the name you have assumed for the purpose of deceiving the Masters . - Why should I want to deceive ? - But in truth , you are Will Parker of Wharton , near Winchester in England . Where are you ? 1 am all around you . 1 am the space in which you breathe . And what is your name ? ( CHUCKLING ) How you humans love to name things . 1 am , as your Master told you , one of the brains of the City . You can call me Coggy if you like . Think of it as a term of endearment . For it is time you and I had a chat . How 's your friend Beanpole , 1 wonder ? I don 't know anyone of that name . I don 't know what you 're talking about . - I 'm here to ... - Or your cousin Henry ? Or prickly Fritz , here in the City with you ? I do have a friend called Fritz , yes . Fritz Eger . We were both champions at the Games . How do you know about him ? It has been a little more difficult for me to know you than most of the slaves because your cap is false . That intrigued me . " Why , " I asked myself , 'Why should a young lad go to such trouble " when he has only to call on the Tripods to be given the real thing ? " I wish you would show your face . But now , I know all the answers . 1 know that you rebelled against the imposition of the cap . 1 know why you travelled all the way from England to the White Mountain rejoinder Julius and the Free Men . You hate the Tripods and all they stand for . You deceive and despise the Masters . And your ambition is to destroy every vestige of the Trion occupation of Earth . Dear Will , I know the entire contents of your mind . And I ' : amuses me no end . ( LAUGHING ) ( LAUGHING CONTINUES ) ( KNOCKING AT DOOR ) You 're not paying attention to me , Will . You 're thinking about your arrangement to meet Fritz in the Pink Parrot . Can you really read my mind ? How does I ' : feel ? You should know the answer to that . Very good . Plucky little duo , you and Fritz , aren 't you ? We face tough odds . Bu ' : 1 admire your resourcefulness . Look at the way you deceived your Master . And Fritz . Clever , the way he worked himself into the Power Elite , wasn 't it ? Oh . But what 's this 1 find lurking in your mind now ? [ s if possible , you wonder , that even now Fritz may be down in the cellar at the City laying the fuse from a magazine of powder kegs which will blast open the bowels of the reactor , cut off the power to all us poor Coggies , and crack the dome of the City to poison all Masters with human air ? So allowing our two heroes , bloody but unbowed , to scamper into the freedom of the night air . ( LAUGHING ) In all this wonderful universe , Will , I 've found nowhere so rich in fantasy as the depths of human desperation . 1 have to tell you , Will , 1 like you . For a hundred years I 've watched slaves troop into the City like lambs to the slaughter and I 've had nothing but contempt for them . Now 1 learn there 's a band of Free Men plotting to get rid of the Masters . Great ! 1 like the whole idea of resistance to capping . 1 don 't suppose you 've had a decent meal since you left home . Si ' : down and tuck in . Mmm . Tastes as good as it looks . Good . Pour yourself a glass of wine . And while you 're at it , pour me a drop , too . 1 have no physical existence any more , just pulses of energy in the great brain of space . Highly organised , mind you , but sadly lacking in sensuality . ( GULPING ) Urn ... My Master says you were originally one of them . Arrogant amoeba ! No , I was born into a civilisation old enough to have bred the Masters in fish farms . We certainly had longer lives than you . Bu ' : we grew up , we grew old , and eventually those of us who were allowed to , died . 1 wasn 't so lucky , though . Like you , 1 was bright and independent . The talent scouts latched onto me and decided I was a suitable candidate for immortality as a new cell in the Space Brain . Come on ! Oh , if 1 had a heart , it would bleed to see a good not dinner going cold . Eloise ... ( WALTZ PLAYING ) ( CLOCK CHIMING ) Eloise ! Eloise ! Eloise ! Eloise ! If you 're going to be any use to us here , you must acquire a working knowledge of how all this technology functions . Pierre explained quite a lot but ... ( LAUGHING ) At that rate , you 'll take a decade to catch up . But this will astonish you . Please , sit down . When you recall the arduous process of your book learning at school , you will find this experience quite out of this world . - Uh , let 's put on the helmet . - hardhat 's going to happen ? The learning computer will first examine your mind to find out what knowledge you already possess . And then it will implant in you a working knowledge of all the science and technology of the ancestors which enabled them to build this reactor . I don 't think I should do this . It 's a privilege only we in the Elite can enjoy . - That may be , but ... - Nobody refuses it , Fritz . It 's the learning experience of a lifetime . But Pierre , he told me the reason he was valuable here was because he had acquired all of his knowledge in his own way . It gave him a different point of view . But poor Pierre had to work so hard , and look what it did for him . If the Master would regard it as useful , I am prepared to take up the burden which Pierre laid down at his death . Master ? The boy has a point . Let us see what progress he makes on his own . If he is too slow , then the learning computer can be used later . ( DOOR OPENING ) FRITZ : ( WHISPERING ) Will ! I have important things to tell you . Me , too . I have had the most incredible experience . - I 'm still not sure how real it was . - Where were you yesterday ? Boll was worried you 'd run out of oxygen . Does that make you hallucinate ? I think I 've heard that . Why ? Well , it turns out that the Masters don 't really run the show here after all . Those taller pyramids over there link to the Pool of Fire . Pierre thought they were some kind of information network . Well , he wasn 't far wrong . Each one turns out to be a cell of intelligence . And together , they make up a kind of a brain , linked to billions of others scattered around the universe . - Coggy calls it the Space Brain . - Who 's Coggy ? He 's one of them . Over there . My Master was ordered to take me . - What does he Look Like ? - Nothing . He doesn 't exist . He 's just this bundle of Light and energy . Are you sure this is true ? It sounds unbelievable , I know . But , yes , I am sure . But how can you talk to something that does not exist ? I know it 's crazy , but it wasn 't a dream , either . My Master confirmed it . He told me all about the Cognoscs . To begin with , he thought he was being summoned himself because of the good relationship he 'd established with me . But when it turned out to be me the Cognosc wanted , he wasn 't very happy . And what did the Cognosc want ? He knows the entire contents of my mind . He knows about Julius , the Free Men , and he knows exactly what we 're up to here . Will ... All he has to do is send the information through the network via the Pool of Fire , and all the other Cognoscs get the message , and then the Masters . Then we have no choice , we must leave right away . We must warn Julius , so they move camp , or the Tripods will attack without warning . - Lillian , this is disastrous ! - Hold on . On the face of it , it is , yes . But the one thing I got really clear is that Coggy doesn 't even like the Masters . The idea of us having a go at them appealed to him , even if we don 't stand a cat in hell 's chance of winning . ( cow MOOING ) What 's that ? It 's my Master 's idea of making me feel at home . I don 't know how he does it . It means he 'll be calling me soon . I 'll get back . Going to be caught up all day with Masters asking questions . It 's a fantastic privilege to be summoned by a Cognosc . And for a human , it 's never been ... heard of . Take care , Will . I have a lot to tell you , too . I also have narrowly escaped an examination of my mind . ( BEEPING ) We 'll meet tonight in the Pink Parrot . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) Morning . Is there a problem ? An unprecedented demand for power . What about the reserve turbines ? - It 's a long time since we 've used them . - Ellie , get all the men you can on them . At this rate , we 'll need them in a matter of hours . Sir ! - Where 's the demand coming from ? - Through the Pool of Fire . But the center of demand seems to be one of the Cognoscs . Ah , good morning , Master . Ah , Will . You were up very early , for one who had such an exhausting day . My friend was looking for me yesterday . He was worried that I might have fallen ill . Mmm . Your friend . Mmm . Come . My colleagues are anxious to hear about your visit to the Cognosc . - I 'm honoured , Master . - Not intimidated ? Huh . But then you always were a remarkable boy . Tell me , then , did the Cognosc make any reference to ... ( CHUCKLING ) Did he have anything in particular to say about me ? He was full of admiration for your perception of my unusualness , Master , and for allowing it to develop freely in your service . ( GLOATING ) ( LAUGHING ) I told you we would do great things together . ( MASTERS MURMURING ) Brothers , I am pleased to present to you the human slave who has found favour in the sight of the Cognosc . Do you realise what happened to you is an experience none of us has been privileged to enjoy ? I do , Master . And I 'm overwhelmed by the honour . Can you tell us why the Cognosc has shown this unique interest in you ? What he appears to like about me , in comparison with most of the capped , is that somehow I have retained imagination , creativity and initiative . How can we trust this slave ? Imagination is a licence to tell lies , creativity is but fabrication , and initiative is merely another word for unilateral action . You have been inadequately capped . In my opinion , the condition requires immediate correction . Are you suggesting that the boy has successfully deceived the Cognosc ? No . But he may well be deceiving us . I see you 've got the first reserve running . Well done . Just about . I don 't like to push the reds up too much , though . It 's crying out for maintenance . Isn 't that done regularly ? Never need ed . Not normally , of course . But this is an emergency . Exactly what stand-by facilities are for . What about that one ? Master , the demand is still rising , and we can no longer meet it . Cognoscs must have priority . - But the slaves ' quarters ... - Lillian have to run on reduced power . But if the demand continues to rise ... Then supplies to the slaves ' quarters must be shut off . Master , without light , without oxygen ... The Cognosc comes first . ( INSTRUMENTAL POP MUSIC PLAYING ) ( EXCLAIMING ) But , sir , with no air-conditioning , no power to operate air locks and lifts ... I know the consequences . But we must carry out the orders of the Masters . Then what ? And if even then we can 't meet the demand , do we start cutting Masters ' areas , too ? And if so , is he going to tell us which ones first ? The Cognosc will do what is right , and will guide us in our decisions . Look , I have my job to do and you have yours . Please go and do it . Does the Power Master know why there 's this unusual demand for power ? ( SCREAMING ) Ahhh ! Nurse ! ( co UGH ING ) Nurse , nurse . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) ( INAUDIBLE ) - hardhat 's going on ? - I was hoping you 'd tell me . I have no idea . Except this is about the only place left with any air . What have you done ? Thrown a spanner in the works already ? - It 's your Cognosc . - What do you mean ? He 's making an unprecedented demand for energy . The power station just can 't supply any more . Wonder why he 's doing that ? You said he was sympathetic . Do you think he 's trying to help ? By suffocating us all ? Maybe it 's a chance to escape in all the confusion . - Have you found the way out ? - I 've had an idea . Indirectly , it comes from the Cognosc . His demand for more energy has made a huge increase in the need for cooling water . To get more volumes filled , they 've decided to bypass the filters . There is a long culvert under the wall . I 'm not sure we could survive that long underwater , but with the current moving as fast as it is , we might make it . Let 's give it a try . If we stay here much longer , we 'll all be dead . I 'll work on it . But there is one thing you could do . - Hardhat 's that ? - Find out what Coggy is up to . Ah , boy . I 've been calling my own slave , and he does not come . I apologise for his behaviour , Master , but I don 't know where he is . Come and sit down , boy . Tell me about him . What is this writing he does ? - What are you doing ? Taking on fuel . But you 're killing the City . You and Fritz are all right , aren 't you ? What do you care about the rest ? They 're all capped , and on the side of the enemy . I 'm leaving you to help yourselves . 1 don 't suppose you 'll succeed , but how it amuses me to think you have an outside chance . Where are you off to ? Talking to you yesterday shook me up a bit . 1 liked your hopeless idealism , your foolhardy spirit of adventure . And I ' : got me thinking . What else can brains do but think ? Don 't mock me . I 've got bad news for you . How could it be worse ? You 're in for a shock . At this very moment , there is a gigantic spaceship transporting equipment to Earth from Trion , to be housed in the caverns you slaves have been preparing . - From Trion ? - Right . I 've been advising them to stay at home , but I 'm in the minority here . All the other Cognoscs think it 's a good idea . The Masters intend to colonise the Earth . But our atmosphere is poisonous to them . This equipment is intended to reconstitute the atmosphere here , to make it compatible with Masters ' needs . It will mean the total annihilation of the human race , with the exception of those few specimens selected to survive in glass houses , like a human zoo . - But that 's ... - Monstrous , absolutely I agree . But 1 thought it would sharpen the resolve of your Fritz and your friend Julius to do something about it . Is it even possible for us to do anything ? Where there 's a will ... ( LAUGHING ) Oops ! You take it all very lightly . What right have they got to do that ? What right have they got to be here at all ? Why should they take away our freedom ? Why should they be allowed to destroy our civilisation ? Because your civilised ancestors were threatening the peace of space , remember ? Well , even if that was true then , that certainly isn 't the case now . The Masters have destroyed our technology . They 've set us back hundreds of years . What possible excuse do they have now for poisoning the whole planet ? I agree . The worst kind of space imperialism , absolutely inexcusable . But look , Will , the situation is not as bad as it appears . See the state the Masters are in now , just because I 'm depriving them of a little power ? They have no experience of darkness , because they come from a world with three suns . It 's a weakness you might bear in mind . If you think they 're so morally wrong , why don 't you stop them ? Every species to its own survival . Besides , as 1 said , I 'm leaving . Where ? Who knows ? Somewhere out on the fringe . Every minute , a billion new stars are being born out there . 1 should find one able to support me . ( SCOFFING ) It sounds romantic , like looking for a desert island . - Just as much of an illusion . - How could I stay here ? When they discover what I 've told you ... You could join forces with us , against them . Just to even the odds a bit . Don 't underestimate yourself . You 're in with a chance . And 1 wish you luck . Its stopped . The power drain has eased . Switch supplies back to human quarters . ( APPLAUDING ) ( POP MUSIC RESUMES ) ( co UGH ING ) Where have you been ? Your Master 's been trying to call you . I 've been talking to the Cognosc . Second time . Then perhaps he 'll forgive you . Forgive me ? He was angry when you didn 't answer his call . ( BEEPING ) There . You must go now . Ah ! I must apologise , Master . I was summoned again by the Cognosc . And now you have driven him away ! No , no ! He will return . - He told you that ? - Mmm . What else ? He told me of the Masters ' plan to poison our planet with their own atmosphere . And what did you think of that ? I 'm surprised you didn 't tell me about it , Master . I can 't believe you have agreed to this plan . Does the Cognosc agree ? No . He thought it was wrong , but that he 's in a minority here . He said he was going to seek wiser counsel from the Great Brain of Space . He has taken you deep into his confidence , boy . As you have , too , Master . And yet you deceived me , boy ! It was this deception that the cap was designed to prevent . And yet you have deceived me ! In what way , Master ? Where did you obtain this paper , boy ? From the garden , Master . - You stole it ? - No , no ! See how quick the lie springs to your lip . Tell me why you have secretly drawn plans of the city . It is in my nature . I like to know , I like to ask questions . But you write here of the danger of the Cognosc , because he knows your mind . How can there be danger in that , boy ? You were called to the Cognosc , and you offended him . How could he stay in a City where a mere slave was plotting to destroy it ? The time has come to examine your cap . No , Master . You 'll break the seal . ( SCREAMING ) ( DOOR OPENING ) Will ? What have you done , Will ? They say you have driven away one of their Cognoscs . The Cognosc went of his own free will because he thinks the Masters here are such dumb-wits ! Will ! Why did you show my Master my notes ? How can we have any secrets from the Masters when they ... You 've brought dishonour to us all , Will . Where are you ... What is the situation in the slaves ' quarters ? Some oxygen starvation , a half a dozen fatalities discovered so far . But it looks as though power was restored just in time . I understand one of the Cognoscs has departed . - Mmm-hmm . - The news is all over the City . One of our brethren claims that the Cognosc summoned his slave to an audience . I want to know what really happened at that meeting , and I want you to mobilise the Guards and arrest this slave . ( KNOCKING AT DOOR ) - Howell is it ? - It 's me , Will . We 've got to get out . I 've been working on that . I found this map in Pierre 's room . I now know the only way out . The Guards are out to arrest me . They hold me responsible for the desertion of Coggy . That makes it difficult . What about your Master ? They 'll be looking for him , too , but they won 't find him for a while . Oh ? He 's dead . I killed him . I had to ! It was either me or him . All right . Does anyone know yet ? No . Sooner or later , they 'll find him . Does it look like ... I mean , are there any outward signs of your attack ? I don 't think so . It was horrible ! I think it was mostly shock that killed him . Then we have to make it look like an accident before they search his room . - I 'm not going back there ! - Or suicide . After all ... - No ! - We have to ! If they discover you 've killed him , all hell will break loose . That 's precisely why we can 't waste any time getting out of here . Now , come on , let 's go . I 've put all the notes in here to protect them from water on the way out . There 's room for yours , too . What 's up ? How could I be so stupid ? Look , my Master had my notes in his hand . Boll gave them to him . - That 's why I ... - Then we have to go back . Wait . I 'd check first for Boll . - I congratulate you . - Huh ! It 's good . You have discovered a way of killing them . - Hardhat 's this ? - It 's a gas bubble . A drug he took to help him relax when he got wound up . Perhaps if we made it look as though he 'd overdone it . - You seen him , slave ? - We 're looking for him . Have you seen him anywhere ? - Have you seen him ? - Seen this boy ? Seen him ? ( CHATTERING ) ( SCREAMING ) That was close . What will be their verdict ? Suicide or murder ? Either way , they 'll want to question me . Where 's your roommate , slave ? I don 't know . You must know . Come on , boy , when did you last see him ? This morning . But he left in a hurry without saying where he was going . He must have said . Don 't lie to me , boy . ( CHATTERING ) ( BOLL GROANING ) All right , take him away . Come on , let 's go . - I don 't think we 'll make it . - No ? I know the route we must take . We can 't get through if there 's a full-scale search for you . - There already is . - Then we 'll have to stop it by laying a false trail , like we 've done with the Master . Let them trace you to the Chapel of Happy Release . - There 's no time for that . - It makes sense . Loyal slave deeply ashamed at his Master 's suicide takes himself away to do the honourable thing . ( BEEPING ) Has he recovered ? They must be using his code to call you . - No . - It 'll attract attention . It 's a perfect excuse to run , for urgent service . Come on . ( POP MUSIC PLAYING ) Seen this man ? MASTER : Chief . Master . We are looking for the slave who came to visit Fritz Eger . - I remember him . A Master 's servant . - That 's right . There 's a chance he might come looking for Eger again . If he does , the Guards are to be informed . We 'll watch out for him . Fritz is due back on shift in 15 minutes . I 'll see what he has to say . - No . - Go on . Come on ! - Have you seen this slave ? - No . - Just a minute . - I haven 't got a minute . I think ... Yes , I 'm sure . He was the one who came looking for the slave who was beaten . - Him ? - Yes , that 's him . But I haven 't seen them for a while . ( TALKING SOFTLY ) Come on ! Shh ! - Damn . - Let him run his course . What happens if I 'm in there when the Guards arrive ? Have you thought of that ? If they catch me , I 'll be capped , then they 'll discover everything . I 'll have to go through with it . Let 's find some cover until the old guy 's through . Honour to the Tripods . Honour to the Masters . Hail ! Hail ! Hail ! Come on . ( SNIFFING ) It 's all straightforward from here . No one has ever escaped from the City in a hundred years . No one has ever wanted to . Better commit this to memory , in case we get separated . I have to square my absence with Speyer . Don 't answer the door . And if I 'm not back in half an hour , you 'll have to make your own way out . Ah , Fritz . My apologies , sir . I 'm afraid I overslept a little . Well , we all deserved to do that after the emergency . It was good to have your help . I don 't suppose you 've heard about the new flap ? One of the Masters is dead , and it 's all linked , apparently , with the departure of the Cognosc . And the Masters believe that all these events are connected with one of the slaves . Isn 't he the one that came here to visit you ? I had my suspicions he would turn out to be a troublemaker . Well , not any longer . He 's taken himself off prematurely to Happy Release . Fritz . It 's me . I thought you 'd gone on . They think you 're dead . Borman 's visited him , and they 're now after evidence to get me . It 's now or never . Let 's go . Why do you think Speyer was so keen to have Eger on the staff ? I don 't know , Captain , and that 's the truth . He 's got no qualifications . All he 's done so far is ask questions . What kind of questions ? Don 't look now , but Borman is below . The catwalk ! Stay and hide here . Let them follow me . Then you can come up from behind . ( GASPING IN PAIN ) Quick , Will , into the water . Should be enough oxygen here for you to survive the tunnel . Come on . What about you ? - I 'm staying . - What ? I have far too good a position here , provided they don 't associate me with the disappearance of these three . Look , you 're supposed to be dead . It 'll be dangerous for you now . Yes , but the advantage of having someone on the inside until you come back with help , that far outweighs the danger . I don 't envy you staying behind . Take care on your way back to Julius . Thanks , Fritz . Bring help as fast as you can . ( GROANS WEAKLY ) ( co UGH ING ) ( co UGH ING ) ( GASPING ) You 're very late . I was going to leave . Fan { as fig us . - I have things to tell you . - Later . - Things that ... - Later . ( BATS SQUEAKING ) Marvellous . This is marvellous , Will . Julius will be ... This is just what we need . - You have done a brilliant job . - Fritz , mostly . Are you feeling stronger now ? I can 't believe it . I ... Just can 't believe it , that I 'm actually out . You know , when I saved you from the river , there were two others . They didn 't have helmets . I couldn 't see their faces . Neither of them was Fritz. just Guards . He got himself into such a good position , sort of an assistant to a power station superintendent . - But he decided to stay . - So he 's still ... I used to think Fritz was such a pain , but he 's been quite fantastic . Yeah , he 's certainly made a most useful assessment of the mechanics of the City . Are you sure he 'll escape suspicion ? We were careful to lay a false trail for me . - How are you feeling ? - Better . It 's the fresh air . It comes as quite a shock to you after the poisonous atmosphere of the city . Well , we must leave here as soon as you 're able . ( TRIPOD TRUMPETING ) Will ! Shh . Shh . - Wait ! - Let me go ! If you 're not capped , they can 't find you . They 'll search for a thousand kilometres ! - But you 're already hidden ! - You don 't understand ! Look , even the Tripods can 't see everywhere . - They know everything . - Only if you run will they find you . Listen to me . Only then will they find you uncapped . ( TRIPOD TRUMPETING ) Look , I know your instinct is to run , but that 's just what the Tripods want . Will , I know I 'm right . You 're safest here , where they least expect to find you . You see ? - Ow ! Ooh ! - hardhat 's up ? Oh , caught the cap . When it was first put in , I never thought I 'd ever forget it was there . It 'll be good to get rid of them when we get back . Mmm . I suppose that is why the Tripods can 't find me . Mmm . Clearly , a real cap gives off some sort of a signal which ours do not . In the City , my Master was suspicious that I might not be capped , or at least that I might not have been capped properly . He liked me because of that . But he couldn 't really tell . Only in the Capping Hall would he have been able to discover the truth . And we only just managed to avoid that . A few of the Masters , the more intelligent ones , actually believed capping made us dull and unimaginative . But the rest don 't care about that , of course . All they want is to make use of our labour until they 're ready to poison us all . And that is what we must prevent . ( SIGHS ) Will , with all this amazing information you 've discovered , it 'll help us to do it . If we can get it back to the Free Men in time . We must . Are you strong enough , then , for another journey ? If it is safe . ( WILL CLEARING THROAT LOUDLY ) Excuse me . Ah ! - How much ? - Three marks . One each ? ( LAUGHING ) You 've come at the right time . Travellers , eh ? We 're athletes , monsieur , returning from the Games . Oh ! You 've taken your time , haven 't you ? We 've been to many places on the way , but now we 've run out of money . Ah ! Mmm . But we do have something here . Perhaps we could exchange , for the two loaves . Where did you get this ? We camped in the ruins of this big old house . There was a hidden cupboard in the wall . I 've enjoyed playing with these . But now , food is more important than play . A whole set ? In exchange for two loaves of bread ? Please , monsieur . But this is solid gold and silver . No , I cannot do this . - They 're worth more than 50,000 . - Fifty thousand ? Hey ! Oh , my ... Dear , dear ! ( WOMAN SCREAMING ) ( WHISTLING ) ( WHISTLE BLOWING ) Over there . ( WHISTLE BLOWING ) Come on ! Get a move on ! We 'll never get to Geneva at this rate ! I want the whole show wrapped and on the road by noon ! ( WHIP CRACKING ) ( WHIP CRACKING ) - Which way did they go ? - Howell ? Right . Two each way . Cover the exits . At the double ! Here , you . Two fugitives . Did you see them ? They ran into the tent . ( SCORNFULLY ) We haven 't seen anything , Captain . Just you wait till you 've been capped . Then you 'll have a greater respect for the truth . ( CLATTERING ) _ I _ ley ! - Shh ! Are they here ? Good morning , Captain . A thousand welcomes . But to what do we owe the honour of this visit ? Two fugitives . One tall , long dark hair , glasses , the other medium height , good-looking , with a fresh complexion . - They entered my tent ? - I saw them , just a moment ago . Is this true ? I swear by the Tripods , Captain , I saw nothing . Perhaps they went out the way they came ? I have Guards surrounding the tent . Ooh ! If they have the trick of disappearance , perhaps I should offer them employment . This is no laughing matter , Pasha . You are welcome , of course , to search the rest of my circus . ( DOOR OPENING ) Excuse me , madam , some fugitives have taken refuge in the circus . I am well able to take care of intruders . You must pardon , but the Captain 's orders were to check . ( GROWLING ) ( LAUGHING ) ( CHUCKLING ) You won 't find them in there . Vagrant scum ! Perhaps they 're after Kajik and Sigmund . They were talking about trying to sneak into the town . They 'll be back by now . At least , I saw Siggy carrying benches . Oh . Maybe some of their own precious children will run away to join us . Five Guards and the Captain himself . They 'd not take so much trouble unless he was a son of a mayor . Come on , then . Where have you hidden them ? Under the beds ? ( ALL LAUGHING ) - Anyone else in here ? - just us . - Who 're you looking for ? - Fugitives . Two . We 'd have , urn , noticed if anyone came in . Wrought havoc in the town , those two . So there will be a ... price on their heads ? Four or five hundred marks each , I should think . Nothing , Captain . just a couple of clowns making up . They must have gone straight through the tent and out the other side . Take my men . See if you can pick up their trail . I 'll return with horses . Come on ! Come on ! Hey , they 're leaving . ( SIGHS ) Thanks to that boy who kept his mouth shut . - They are all uncapped . - Except that old Turk with the whip . I wonder if we could persuade them to let us hide for a bit ? - They 're obviously about to move out . - I 'm still starving . Well , that shouldn 't be so much of a problem now , with a fortune in your pocket . The problem is converting them into usable cash . So ! I have two new clowns . Urn , we apologise for this intrusion ... Oh , it is both my pleasure and my profit , for I hear there is a very high price on your heads . The next will be in your back . ( SIGHS ) Add at least a thousand to the takings , Fatima . The runaways ? And when I 've discovered why they are such wanted criminals ... ( SNIFFING ) I shall certainly double the price . ( BOTH LAUGHING RAUCOUSLY ) Listen to me , Will . If this man is only interested in money , we may be able to offer a higher price than the Guards . BOY : I have bread and water . - Merci . ' . - My friend ! Whenever did you last eat ? WILL : I 'm sorry to appear so greedy , but ... BEANPOLE : This is the best meal I 've ever had . Thank you , and for trying to help . We 're not so fond of the Guards either . We 're tolerated only because the circus is so popular . - Were you trying to steal in the town ? - No . No , we wanted to exchange goods for food , but they assumed we 'd stolen the goods . - And you had not ? - No . Just some things we found in a ruined house . And where are you from ? WILL : Our homes are in the mountains in the south . What about you ? Different places . We 're all orphans . Most of us are the children of vagrants . - What ? - Abandoned . Others have run away from home to escape the capping . He trains us , and we perform for him . - Sounds fun . - But he exploits us . And he has contacts in every town with the Black Guards . They find him useful , keeping us out of trouble . - But he 's a tyrant . - Certainly fond of his whip . Mmm . From outside , many children think it looks a wonderful life . Some even run away from good homes to join the circus . If they show a talent he can use , he 'll allow them to stay . Otherwise he 'll just hand them back to the Guards for money . Like us , when we finish the season in Geneva . That 's what he plans to do with us . Unless we have talents he can use . Well ? - They look older than us . - A year , maybe even two . So they must be capped . Unless that 's why the Black Guards are after them . Well , they say they 've been to the Games , but they 'd have to be capped for that , too . Yet the capped would never run away from the Guards as they have done , nor spend weeks just wandering around like vagrants . Maybe that 's what they are . - Maybe . - Yeah . Here 's Geneva . It 's perfect . Straight up the valley to the White Mountain . - You mean ... - Yes , if we can persuade him to let us join the circus . Ah , but we 're supposed to be capped already . Oh ? Well , who knows that ? - I like the tall one in the glasses . - Me , too ! He looks very studious . ( ALL LAUGHING ) But they 're both real adventurers ! I like anyone who 'll stand up to the Black Guards . - And they want to join the circus . - Great . Let 's hope they can . - Yeah ! - Yes ! ( GASPING ) Sorry . ( GROANING ) ( GROANING ) It may only be false , but it 's good to be free of it . A false cap , a false sense of freedom . Come on , before anyone comes . - Hey , what 's your name ? - Raquel . Mine 's Will , this is jean-Paul . Thanks for your help . I wish I could do more , but he 'll be out soon . - There is a way you can . - What ? Do more . Solid gold . Sixteen pieces of gold , and 16 of silver . But the rest of the set is still hidden ? In a ruined house near Geneva . Ah . Could others find it ? Well , I only found it by accident because a stone was loose . - I think only I could find it again . - Oh , very good . So , when we set out on the road this afternoon , you will have become members of my circus troupe ! Then after the final performance in Geneva , we shall go together to the ruined palace . ( WHISPERING ) But I must ask you to keep it a secret from the others . And I shall keep this as a guarantee of your good faith . Oh , please , take some snuff with me ? To seal the deal ? A most fortuitous meeting , and one I hope that will prove great profit to us all . ( GRUNTING ) ( SNEEZE BUILDING ) ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Oh , there will be time enough for you to master the art . ( STIFLING SNEEZE ) I glad we 've been ... able to do business with you . And we have been delighted to have you here with us . Now I must go and supervise my rabble and get the show on the road . I will send Casimir to the black caravan to sort out some accommodation for you . Merci , madame . Fresh air will help . Casimir ! Hey , you two . Make yourselves useful . There have been many opportunities for them to escape . Why have they never taken them ? They will go when it suits them , if you 're foolish enough to leave them free . We still have more than the Guards would have paid for turning them in . But why not take the reward , too ? Unless you believe this story of hidden treasure ? I would still like to hear an explanation of this . What do you call him ? This one ? Granada , for the place where I was born . Do you think you 'll ever return there when the circus is over ? How ? Why have you stayed with us ? It 's convenient . I like your company . But why so secret ? And how have you and your friend avoided capping ? You see ... When I first helped you , it was because you were in trouble with the Guards . - I didn 't think you 'd stay . - You do not want us with you ? Some are happy , but I think you 've done a deal with Ali . - What , to spy on you ? - Perhaps . No , it is strictly a financial arrangement . Look , we were able to offer him more than the Guards would pay , as a reward . So now you 're out of town , away from the Guards . Well , Geneva is close to where we want to go , and we 'd be less conspicuous traveling with you . All right . But watch Ali . He might just grab you again and claim the reward as well . - You don 't trust him . - Do you ? You should have been capped a year now . - We also ran away . - You said you were going home . We found a place where the elders aren 't quite so strict about capping . Why ? Don 't you want to be capped ? To honour the Tripods ? - Do you ? - Yes , of course . Well , like most children , I 'm a little nervous . ( SCREAMING ) How can you hope to see the line of the knife when it comes if your eyes are full of fear ? Stupid girl ! - Stop that ! - What ? ( LAUGHING ) - Poor girl 's terrified ! - Why , you insolent boy ... Never use it again on a human being ! I 'm a trainer , boy ! How do you think they 're gonna learn ? Certainly not by fear . Look ! You 've terrified her . Do you think she 'll ever be able to do that act ? - It 's the strongest one in the show . - Because it 's most likely to draw blood ? First you should teach poor Gino here how to throw . And when they respect his skill enough , someone might volunteer . - What , this lot ? Volunteer ? - Perhaps even me . On one condition . He must throw at least 100 consecutive knives into the practice board without a single touch on the human shape . ( LAUGHING ) ( ALL CHATTERING APPRECIATIVELY ) GIRL 1 : Thanks . GIRL 2 : Thank you . It is insane to risk your life in this way . Do you want to take my place ? For either of us , it is ridiculous . I mean , think what you 've been through . I mean , the Games , the City ... And it will all have been for nothing if we can 't get that information back to Julius . - Think of Fritz ! - I do ! All the time . He chose to stay . - Ellie , you don 't have to play the hero . - What do you suggest ? We leave now ? We sneak away ? And what will happen when we don 't show up for the performance ? Ali , the Black Guards , the whole town will be after us . I got into this . It 's done us some good with the children . I have to go through with it . We must plan when and how to leave . You 've got the map . Geneva 's perfect . It 's maybe three days ' walk to the White Mountain , but the question is when to leave . - Before or after the last performance ? - After , in darkness . You just want to see me shredded . What about the others ? It 's too risky , Will . It is vital to get ourselves back , with the information about the City . Yes , but imagine , though , a dozen uncapped children as well . Will ! Will ! Where are you ? - I 've done the hundred ! - Oh ! Well-done . GIRL : It 's really good ! - I threw a hundred knives ! - Oh , congratulations . And I hope you 've got the courage of your tongue when it comes to the performance . Well , I hope so , too . Come and drink wine with me to end our quarrel ? We have things to talk about . One minute for Ali , the next minute against him . - And now friends again . - What are you saying ? There 's something about those two I cannot trust . But look what he did for Mimi . Even so , there is something secretive . Perhaps he has shared these secrets with you . - I like him , Kajik . - Yeah . Please , don 't be jealous . Look , they 've run away from home , too . So then why does the Turk protect them ? After the show he 'll just hand them back to the Guards and claim his reward . Well , then I can 't see why they stay . ( SOFTLY ) Listen . Will told me of a place not too far away from here , in the mountains , where the elders , they 're not so strict on capping , and the Tripods seldom visit . This is where we are now , and here , on the edge of this hill , is the ruined house . Mmm-hmm . Good , lets see . Approximately 150 kilometres . Unencumbered with wagons and children , about ... two days ' journey . What about the children ? Well , they 'll be happy to stay here in Geneva . You think so ? Many of them wish to return to their own countries . We have ways of changing their minds . Come . Let us drink to a richly rewarding future for us all . ( TRIPOD TRUMPETING ) Do not attempt to escape , my friend , or the Guards shall be informed of this . Either you have robbed the grave of a nobleman or you have used this to avoid capping , both crimes that call for the ultimate penalty . That is the penalty you will suffer if you fail to lead me to the treasure house . Is this the way you will change their minds ? Why do you think the Tripod is here ? Not come to watch the performance , is it ? - What do you mean ? - It 's obvious , isn 't it ? It 's here to cap us all . But Ali told me we were going to Alexandria for the winter . ( CHUCKLES ) Well , now he won 't have to buy our fares , will he ? How wonderful to be back home , my friends ! Well , if a wandering circus ever has a home , I assure you we think of Geneva as ours . But now , without no more ados , let me introduce you once again to Ali Pasha 's Famous Circus ! ( CIRCUS MUSIC PLAYING ) - What is this , a Black Guard benefit ? - You might have warned us . Oh , you would have been too nervous . It was most effective , truly spontaneous . - Are they here for the capping ? - They 're here to make their choices . - Choices of what ? - Of servants . When the children are capped tomorrow , they shall be taken into the service of the Guards . Come on . Come on ! ( GASPING ) ( ALL GASPING ) Well , not everyone 's with us . Casimir , for instance . He 's jealous of your friendship with Raquel . Look , the more people who know , the greater the risk that Ali will find out . Ali 's entertaining the Guards , Fatima is preparing a spread . Which means the Guards will be on hand if there 's even a hint of trouble . Will ! Are you ready ? ( DISTANT APPLAUSE ) ( DRUM ROLL PLAYING ) ( GASPING ) ( PEOPLE GASPING ) ( AUDIENCE GASPS ) ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) ( DRUM ROLL PLAYING ) ( AUDIENCE CHEERING ) ( INAUDIBLE ) ( CHILDREN LAUGHING ) AUDIENCE : Ah ! Now , my friends , let us discuss business . - To business . - GUARDS : To business . ( SOFTLY ) We 're not likely to be disturbed . - Good . I 'll call the others . - All right . I know some of you have mistrusted us , but only now can we take you fully into our confidence . We can 't force you to do as we ask , but please think carefully about what you hear . Your life with the circus is over . The Tripod is here because tomorrow you will all be capped . Capped ? - Did Ali tell you this ? - Yes . And afterwards , the Black Guards will choose you for their servants . Even now , they are bargaining for you with Ali . - Why did he tell you ? - Because he 's corrupt . And he believes we can lead him to a pot of gold , but we can be of much more help to you . Tell us how , and leave us to judge . But worst of all , we discovered that even the slavery of the cap will not last more than three years , because on its way from the Masters ' own planet is a huge ship carrying machines to make the whole of the Earth 's atmosphere suitable for the Masters to breathe . And that means that it will be poisonous to all of us ... ( ALL EXCLAIMING ) ... to all our animals and plants . This is the news we are taking back to the Free Men in the mountain . Now , before you are capped in the morning , I beg you to come with us , all of you , to help fight for a future that will be free of the Tripods . ( FATIMA LAUGHING ) ( WHISPERING ) Come on . Now . Shh ! ( HORSE WHINNYING ) ( GROANING ) Can 't we rest a while ? No . We must go as far as we can and as fast as possible before they find out what 's happened . Come on , I can hear the river , the road 'll run beside it . Come on . It 'll be easier now . Can you see the ... - Follow us . Run ! - Come on , run ! Quick ! ( TRIPODS SCREECHING ) This is the last valley . Behind that ridge is the lake . Will , you are right ! Only a few more minutes . Let 's give them the good news . Well , we know where we are . The Free Men 's hideout is just over that ridge . - I don 't believe anybody lives up there . - I hope there 's enough food . - I 'm starving . - BEANPOLE : You 'll eat soon . We 'll go on ahead , check with the guards it 's okay for us to bring you all . - await here . - she 'll be back very soon . Oh , Will . WILL : ( SOBBING ) I don 't believe it . Has it all been for nothing ?
