 Control to unit 68B , come in please . Control to unit 68B , come in please . Unit 68B , you have been deactivated , return to base . Repeat , you have been deactivated , return to base . Repeat , you have been deact- - Fuck ' em , we ain 't taking orders from an integrated circuit . Deactivated my ass ! 68B is gonna keep right on administering law and order in this shit-hole until the bitter end . We 'll show those pricks at Defcon what a couple of real cops can do . - Right , Phil ? - Mhm . Goddamn Francis , the freaks . They can go yodeling in Silicon Canyon as far as I 'm concerned . Is this how they taught you to park , Mn ? Okay , let 's have a look at your license and registration . Hey , you fucking deaf or something ? Wow , this couple is going to a fancy dress ball . I think they 're drunk , Bill , better give them a breath test . Jesus . I 'd say there 's one running from the police . Sure thing , an obvious law-breaker . Dammit ! Move it , back to the car ! You can thank your lucky stars , piggy . That might have been your head . He 's got to come sooner or later , JoJo . He 's just got to come . There he is ! Tommy ! Hey , we 're going to ride our bicycles . Why don 't you join us today , huh ? No , I don 't feel like it . It 's no good sitting here . Your pa won 't ever come back . Yes , he will and he 'll bring all the water we need . Well , I bet he just ran away and any water he found he drank himself . You try and say that one more time and I 'll break your face ! It 's common talk . It 's not true , it 's not true . They 're all saying he 's a coward and a traitor ! It 's not true ! Your dad 's a coward . A coward , a coward . It 's not true , it 's not true ! - He 's a coward , a coward . - It 's not true ! It 's not true ! Mommy ! Mommy ! The temperature is at 20 degrees . And humidity reads 12 % - - Mommy ! What is it , son , what 's wrong ? Is it true that daddy 's a traitor ? Who said that ? The other boys ! No , it 's not true . Your pa made that journey risking his life to save all of us , and to give a future to the human race . Then why did they say that ? Because they 're getting scared now . Scared and worried . But it 's not right . They 're making a scapegoat out of Fred . And it makes me angry that he 's risking his life for them . Pa 'll come back , won 't he ? Yes , of course he will , Tommy . And he 'll bring all the water that we need . What is the humidity reading ? 12 % , Senator , down nearly 20 in seven days . It 's a steady decline . If Fred doesn 't get here with the water soon , then I 'm afraid all the work we 've done to date 'll be ruined . Don 't worry , Senator , he 'll be back . I hope and pray that you 're right . Still , I 'm very worried , my dear . He should have been back by now . After all , you know he 's been gone a whole week . Senator , why don 't you let me- - Oh , John , forget it , we 've already been through that . I am not risking any more men or materials . And what if Fred doesn 't come back ? Have you thought about that , Senator ? That 's a possibility I 'd rather not consider . Listen , Linda , don 't get me wrong . Fred 's my best friend and I trust him completely . But it 's a trip of over 180 miles across dangerous and hostile territory . There are bands and marauders in that desert hunting for water day and night . And he left without an armed guard . Senator , I know the road to that water as well as Fred . No , John , you 're to stay here . Senator , Senator ? What 's the trouble ? Look at this , there 's no water in the water hole , just mud . The moment that I have feared is here , it 's here . But we must not despair . We must keep our faith and keep praying . And hope for what , Senator ? That God puts back the ozone belt we destroyed with nuclear bombs ? Hope for what , for the clouds to come back ? Nothing 's impossible with faith and prayer , including miracles . Fred could be on his way here right this minute . You 're just kidding yourself , Senator , and you know you are . The fact is that the plants and animals we 've managed to save are now dying . If we wait for your miracle , Senator , we won 't even be here to see it ! We 've got to do something before it 's too late ! Please , Senator , may I try ? Well ? Yes , you may - At this stage of the game , we may as well just risk everything . What do you need for the trip ? A tanker and two armed cars to escort us . I 'll have Taylor call his men , they 'll prepare them . Hey John , good luck , you 'll need it . John , I want to come with you . Tommy , you can 't ! I want to look for pa ! I can 't take you along with me , Tommy . It 's gonna be rough , it 's just too risky . Hey , don 't worry , I 'll come back with your father and the water , okay ? Okay , this is where we are now . After the stone quarry , we drive north for 30 miles until we reach the oasis , then we head west for 20 , 25 miles until we reach this area . The underground spring lies just here , right next to an old station . What 's that ? I don 't know . Tommy ! What the hell you doing here ? I just got to know what happened to my father . That 's all we need , now what ? It 's too late to go back . Just have to take him along . Do you realize- - I 'll be as good as anything . And you won 't even know I 'm here . If this were a picnic I 'd be happy to have you along , but it 's not ! The Exterminators will attack at any moment . I brought my mascot . I hope it works , we 're gonna need it . Yep , we 're gonna need it now . Hal , it 's Crazy Bull 's bunch and they 're the worst . They believe there 's water in this friggin ' thing . That 's what we want them to believe . If they find out we 're on our way to get it , they 'll want to know where it is and that 'll be the end of it . The one thing they mustn 't get is a tanker . Charge , once more into the breech , you mother-grubbers ! Let 's purloin that water ! Cover our rear , we 'll try going ahead . Hit their plank , you lousy splot of aberration . You go , it 's their turn . Look out ! We 've lost the others , step on it ! All right , mother-grubbers , come on ! Tommy , you take the map of the water and keep hidden , huh ? Water , water , water ! Empty , it 's empty ! By the beard of the prophet ! No , Shadow , I want him alive . Is the nice pretty little birdie gonna sing a pretty song and tell me exactly where the water is ? Go jump in the lake ! Humorist , huh ? Then let 's have a few laughs . Come on little honey parrot . Sing Crazy Bull a pretty song . You are trying my patience . Now , I 'll give you just one more chance . Where is the water ? Go to hell , you ball-headed slob . You think that other poor fool who went out with the tanker is gonna get back ? Well , he 's not , he 's a pile of bones in the desert ! And that 's what you 'll be if you don 't talk . Here 's your water . Have a good day , you turkey ! All right , make haste you mother-grubbers . Mount thy steed . We 'll follow their heading and we 'll find the water . Your pa made that journey , risking his life to save all of us , And to give a future to the human race . Let 's hope he gets back with that water soon before it 's too late . Don 't worry , Senator , he 'll be back . You like that , huh , JoJo ? Did you hear that ? What do you think it is ? It 's not good for you to drink it all at once . A sip , just a sip . And what will you give me in return ? In return ? Sure , I don 't go around handing out my water . Listen , kid- - My name 's Tommy . Okay , Tommy , keep the water if you like . But hand me that jack over there , behind the wheel . I want to get out of here . What will you give me in return ? I promise not to kill ya right away . That 's not much of a deal . Have you got a tanker ? No , but I have a car . The most powerful in all the forbidden lands . The Exterminator , have you heard of it ? I need a tanker . What do you need a tanker for ? I need to carry water . I know where it is . If there was any water to be had , I 'd know it too . Well , have you got a tanker or not ? No . But I can get one . You give me that jack over there and I 'll take you to it . That 's a deal ! Well then , where is this place ? Hey ! That wasn 't in our deal ! Alien doesn 't do deals with anyone . You owe me your life ! There you are , now we 're quits ! Listen , kid , stop following me . I 'm not following you . We took the same road and you started first . Which way are you going ? East . That 's fine , I 'm going west . That took you long enough . Weren 't you meant to be heading east ? I changed my mind , anything against that ? Nothing against it , but it might be dangerous . Listen kid , do you really know where to find water ? Where , is it far ? Not very . To the west , is that right ? No . To the east then ? Maybe . What 's the matter , you don 't trust me ? Are you afraid I 'll drink it all ? My father died for that water . I 've got to get them filled tankers somehow . 'Cause a lot of people are gonna die if I don 't . Okay . But if I take you , what 's in it for me besides a day 's outing ? Perhaps they 're able to blossom again one day , thanks to our water . And that 'll be thanks to you too . Isn 't that enough ? No , not for me . You 're a barbarian , that 's the difference between you and me . Yeah , well in this shit of a world , barbarians have to be around . And seeing that without me , you 'd never get there and back alive , you should offer me something . I 'll see when we get there . All right , we 'll leave it at that . Damn you and the moment I met you ! Now , let 's get going , come on . Okay . How now , Alien ! How now to you , Crazy Bull . What 's this walking shit ? You stole my car from me , where is it , Alien ? Well , you 'll never believe this but someone stole it from me . The only think I really cared about in this entire world is my Exterminator , the only thing ! I can believe that , it 's a fantastic machine . Is that all she was to you ? You know what , methinks you really are crazy to show your dirty fuzz face in this territory after what you did ! This is my home , I was born around here . Then I imagine you came back intent on dying around here . Not exactly . Take them ! Chain the infidel Alien between two iron steeds . Let 's see what splitting the mother in two does to his ego . Move it ! If you let me go and give me any old kind of vehicle to get out of here , I 'll , I 'll let you in on a golden secret . What secret ? Well , will you give me what I asked you ? Here he is on the brink of death and he has the audacity to try to make bargains . Be prudent , this golden secret , what is it ? Water , water , Crazy Bull . So much of it , it 'll make you rich . You are making me angry , Alien . You don 't joke about the element that 's most important in life , that 's life itself ! I know that , Crazy Bull , I 'm not joking . I know where there 's water . Speak . Hold it . I 'll tell you where the water is only when my ass is sitting on something that 'll take me as far as possible from you . You 'll get it . Right now . What 's wrong , no faith in me ? Would you trust a snake ? There you are , it 's all yours . Where 's the water ? Ask the kid where the water is . Stop him ! Let go ! Let go ! Where 's the water ? I don 't know anything . Alien lied to save his own skin . None of it was true ! Yeah , well the main point is kid , it could just as easily be you who 's lying . Tough little brat , go on , break his arm , he 'll talk . Kid , tell me about that secret water or he 'll break your arm in two . It won 't break . You asked for it , kid ! Ball breakers , get him ! Hold on , Tommy . On the back , quick ! Come on you mothers , I want those bastards . My arm , don 't forget my arm ! What the hell you made of anyway ? I 'll tell you later . Hold tight , kid . Well , Senator , the tap has run dry . There 's nothing more we can do . I know , I know . Our only hope is that John gets back real soon , and that they 've got water with them . Who knows if they 're still alive . Tommy ! Come on now , Linda , stop it ! We have to keep faith , my dear . We have to keep on hoping , otherwise we have nothing . Now , get back to work , it 'll keep your mind off things . Why don 't you go see to what 's needed for the next few days ? I 'll do it at once . Edward , I want you to prepare the toughest rationing program possible . A program that 'll keep us alive for at least a week or two . Right , Senator . There , now let 's get going . Are you sure the tank is empty ? Yeah , come on , we 'll just have to walk to Papeon 's . There 's nothing else we can do . Is this Papeon a mechanic ? Something of the kind . In any case , he 's the only one around here who knows something about mechanics . Just pray that he 's still alive . You think he 'll be able to fix my arm ? We can only ask him , bionics are a bit more complicated than mechanics . What 's the matter ? What 's wrong with you ? My arm , it hurts terribly . Come on then , up you go . If it weren 't for that water , you would have left me to die a long time ago . Isn 't that so ? You know something , kid , I get tired of listening to you . That 's what you always say . Shut up ! Let me down , Alien , we 're never gonna make it like this . Just shut up will ya ' , we 're almost there . Another step and you 're dead . Hey Papeon , it 's me , Alien ! Keep away from me , Alien . I thought we were friends ? I have no friends and I haven 't got any water for you . What I got left is only just enough for me . I don 't need your water . In fact , I was gonna ask if you wanted some , in return for your help . Okay , come on out . But don 't try anything smart , eh ? What do you want ? Quit pointing that rifle at me and we 'll talk . All right , start talking . I need ... Hey , what 's my car doing here ? That hunk of junk belong to you ? What are you calling junk , it 's the Exterminator ! Call it what you want , but if I hadn 't put my hands on it , it would still be a hunk of junk . Do you know what I 've done to this wreck ? Do you know , I 've added twin turbo compressors and four valve heads , 32 valves ! Changed the carburetors . Do you know many carburetors it has now ? Well , do you know ? Do you- - I don 't give a damn what you 've done , I just want to know why you 've got my machine . So , you 've come all this way to pick a fight , have you ? No , I 've come for him . Now , what 's his problem ? They tore his arm off . His arm ? It 's biomechanical . I tried to put it back together but it doesn 't work right . You 're the only one I know that can possibly straighten it out . Are you crazy ? You know perfectly well I 'm not capable of doing anything like that . And this arm is not factory made . This is an imitation . Shit , weren 't you meant to be an astronaut ? That was so long ago , I can 't even remember how to get to the moon . And anyway , what the hell does the fact that I was a Space Rover got to do with biomechanics ? Don 't you know it would take me at least two months and a couple of top engineers to put that arm right again ! You 're almost making me cry . Let 's do a deal , his arm for yours . You know what I like about you ? You always say " please . " All right , my boy , we better get in the truck . I 'll bet you fix it in two minutes . Come on , it 's not that different from a carburetor . Yes , it 's true , all we need to know now is how this carburetor works . Now then , pass me that pincer , the screwdriver and those wires . And bring me that old television . Biomechanics , what shit ! Hey , what do you need this dynamite for ? You never know . With all the oddballs that roam this desert . Where the freak are the pincers ? Just a sec . You got beer . Go easy on that , that 's a vintage year . You can 't find it anymore . Anyhow , I need it as an anesthetic . Give it to the boy to drink . Sit down , boy , come on . This won 't hurt him , will it ? How the hell should I know ? - What 's your name ? - Tommy . Listen to me , Tommy , drink . To be honest , I don 't know exactly what I have to do but if I hurt you , you tell me , drink some more . Did I hurt you ? No , you were tickling me . Hey , were you really an astronaut ? Sorry . Was I really an astronaut ? Sure , one of the best . And you went up into space ? I 've even been to Mars and Venus . But that was before the ozone disappeared , and the Earth turned into a hot potato . There were clouds in the sky and the rain would come down . You 've seen rain ? Sure I have . The Earth was green and lush . There was grass and trees and enough water for everyone . We even used to take baths in water . I 'm nearly through . - That 's not too good . - What isn 't ? There are two joints and a couple of transistors missing . So , get some replacements . Where am I supposed to get them from ? Can 't you find what you need in all this junk ? Wait a minute . You don 't mind it I modify it a little , do you ? So long as it works . You better go outside . When I 'm working I can 't stand people around . Okay , I 'll go out and get a breath of fresh air . Yeah . How come you 're with a guy like Alien ? We 're partners . You 'd be safer with a snake as a partner than someone like Alien . I know , that 's why I chose him . Go on , drink some more , kid . Don 't turn around , get your hands up ! Now get out , slowly . Who are you ? Shut up and walk ! I didn 't tell you to stop . There 's a snake in front of me . Come on , not that old trick . Maybe it 's an old snake . Trash ? That 's so you don 't get the wrong idea . I should have let the snake bite you . A snake bite is better than a kiss from you . " I 'll be back in a few minutes , " you said . And you leave me alone in the middle of the desert with the barbarians ! Nevertheless , I see you 're alive . So , if you don 't mind , I 'll take my car . You 're welcome . The old man sure changed things around here . If you 're looking for the starter , it 's that knob there . Well , you know one has to take care , especially with all these thugs around . There . What 's the matter , did I hurt you ? No , I 'm just fine . Fine ? I 've never felt so fine in all my born days . Tastes okay . Is he your son ? Good God , do I look like a father ? No , we 're partners . Partners ? What does he have so important that you want ? Water , so much water , we can all get rich . We can own all the forbidden lands . How 's the kid ? Well , he 's drunk . - Drunk ? - Ran out of anesthetic . Tommy ? Hi there , partner ! How 's the arm ? The arm ? Just fine , look . Come on now , not that arm . The other arm , the biomechanical one . Oh , this . I haven 't quite figured out how to work it . Jesus , what the hell did he fix it with ? Lots of beer . Hey ! Tommy , don 't , that 's dynamite . Did you see that ? I can control everything now . Sure smells good . Yeah , everyone knows that my snake stew seasoned with cactus is the best in the forbidden lands , taste it . It 's delicious . Hey , Tommy , after we 've eaten , we 'll be off again . This time in the comfort of the Exterminator . I 'm not coming . What ? You heard , I 'm not coming . Papeon is gonna give me his tanker , and you and Trash will go get the water . Me , with her ? Do you have something against that ? Yeah ! Until I 'm sure the arm works , Tommy cannot move . We 'll catch up later . What 's all this about ? What the hell does she have to do with it ? I told her where the water is . She 'll take you to it . But you wouldn 't tell me . - I trust her . - You mean that- - Tommy told us why he needs the water . Trash and I are on his side . I 'm on his side too . You have a rotten reputation , Alien . Why should anyone take your word , huh ? You mean you trust her , a common car thief ? - Yes . - Yes . After that peak , we 've got to bear to the right , and then straight on until we reach the old station . You mean , that 's where the water is ? At the old central ? That 's what Tommy told me . Listen , I have no intention of getting that water for the kid , how about you ? You go on ahead . We load it now , then you and I go out and sell it to the highest bidder . What do you think ? Huh ? Well , what do you think ? I think you 're a bastard . You don 't agree ? No . Well then , I 'm real sorry . Because your trip ends right here . You 're rotten , Alien , rotten to the guts . Don 't go moralizing with me , especially a common thief like yourself . Tommy and his people are the only hope for the future . God , don 't you really care ? No . You 've got the feelings of a fossil . Listen baby , I don 't care about the future . I won 't be there . I 'm here right now and the world 's like it is right now . If you want to survive , you 've got to play rough . All I 'm doing is going by the rules . That 's a hell of a life . I didn 't choose it . I 'll be back this way later . If you change your mind , just whistle . I wouldn 't count on it . Farewell , then . I don 't think you 'll get very far . We 'll see about that . I told you that you wouldn 't get far by yourself . All right , Trash , what 's the next move ? Now , you 'd better untie me , and we 'll continue our trip , and go get the water for Tommy . So , that 's what you think , huh ? Why ? I 'll be able to take the Exterminator and continue the trip to where I want . To do what , Alien ? In this period , the world doesn 't offer us too many choices . Tommy should be given his water , believe me . Ready ? That is more like it , kid . Now , see if you can throw . Great heavens ! Listen to me , I wouldn 't arm wrestle with you even if you gave me a whole truck load of ice cold beer . Good , good . Listen Papeon , tell me again when the grass was green . It was marvelous , full of life , color . Lovely flowers , birds and bees . And the women , the women were gentle . Doesn 't sound like Trash . Trash is a modern woman . So , you 're not worried about the deal then ? Not for us , no . But I 'm not sure about Alien . It seems deserted . I don 't like it , it smells . Are you sure that 's where the water is ? That 's what the kid said . He said it was underground inside , a reservoir , a tank , supposedly under one of the warehouses . The problem is , who will we find inside of it ? Right , how do we do it ? Come on , I 'll show you . It really does seem to be deserted . Let 's check down this alley . Yeah , come on . Listen . Come on . Sounds like a big engine . We need something to get in . I 'm your girl . What is that ? An ultrasonic key . That 's it . Be careful . Hey , look ! I 'll be damned , it 's a below well . We won 't have any problems getting the water . And as much as we want . Right from the bowels of the earth . The door ! I don 't want to frighten you , but I think we have trouble . Look out ! Who ever it is , I don 't think they like us too much . I wonder how we 're gonna get out of here alive ? There must be some way to get out . - Don 't move ! - Where are you going ? I just want to turn the lights on . I don 't want to die in the dark . Hear me , you stirless infidels ! You have profaned our secret temple , entered the forbidden shrine . And what 's more to the point , you have found out about the water ! And thus , you will die ! Wait ! Watch out , Alien . - You okay ? - Yeah . Come on then , let 's go ! Okay ! Get down ! My God ! Stay right here . Alien , water , Alien , it 's water ! I 've forgotten what it was like . Water to wash ourselves . Water to cultivate the earth . We 're rich , we 're rich ! We can sell it to people as if it were gold . Don 't try to stop me , you won 't make it . Not this time . I 'm not hassled about it . Good girl , because we 've got a fortune here . It 'll be like crude oil before the Holocaust . I was just a little boy and I remember that this crude oil made many men rich . Don 't you want a bit of relaxation before you get rich ? Son of a bitch ! That sneaky little beaver . All right , to hell with you , Trash . If you 're coming back for me , you needn 't . As you can see , I 'm all right . This is no time to joke , Alien . I have Crazy Bull right on my back ! Okay , honey , if you really want the water , step on the gas and go , I 'll take care of Crazy Bull . You ? Yeah , even a son of a bitch has a soul . Go on , Trash , don 't hang around here . Do I see Alien and my borrowed Exterminator ? Make weapons ready for battle . Alien , the Ides of March are upon you , you mother ! Take your time , Crazy Bull . I 'll take care of the tanker . Go back the other way , to the shortcut . Section one ! Into battle my merry mother-grubbers . Unleash the Dogs of War . Turn around ! There 's no one here . Nothing , she can 't have got far ! I 'll check along the rocks . Right ! She 's here ! Come on , move your ass ! Don 't let her get away ! It 's the end of the road , baby , at least for you ! So long , Trash . Good boy . We got here just in time . Hold it , throw it down , go on , kiddo or I 'll kill her . Do as she says . Now then , just don 't do nothing . Stay right where you are till I 'm a long way away . And don 't try following me neither ! Go , Trash ! Papeon ! Papeon ! Bitch ! I 'm finished , Trash , finished . Shut up , old astronauts never die . Alien ? Where 's Alien ? About a mile down the canyon from here . Crazy Bull was after me and the water , and Alien stayed to fight him , so I could get away . Tell him that he 's a big son of a bitch ! But I love him like a son , as if he were my- - Come on now , Tommy , we 've got to change the wheel on the tanker , and get that water to safety fast ! And Alien ? Alien has his own war with Crazy Bull . Let 's go , we don 't have too much time . Hey , move it , Tommy , come on ! We can 't leave Alien alone . Men like him prefer to go it alone . Don 't you worry about a chauvinist like Alien . I don 't know if you 're right or not , but the point is he saved my life . And I have to return the favor . So ? So , let 's take Papeon 's truck . We 'll get there a lot quicker , come on . If we cut over the hills , Trash , it might be a lot faster . Will this old machine be able to climb them ? Let 's try . Okay . Thy end is nigh ! Blow the mother-grubber into bits and pieces ! Come on , surround the bastard , you got him , let 's go ! Retreat ! Let 's get out of here . That was a good throw ! Go on , throw another one ! Okay . Come on , fall in ! Alien , I 'm gonna make you wish you 'd never been born . Die , unspeakable varmint ! Bastard ! Oh no . All the water is gone . What if we go back for another load ? It 's the only choice , we have to , let 's go . - Christ ! - Oh ! I don 't believe it . I never thought I 'd ever see you cry . Who 's crying ? Don 't tell me that those aren 't tears . It 's water ! This is water . Water , it really is- - Water , water , yes , water ! Water , water ! I can 't believe it ! Yes !
