 ( LANDLORD ) You out there ! - Hold on ! Hold on ! - ( PANTING ) ( TWO GUNSHOTS ) - ( GUNSHOT ) - Aah ! ( GASPING ) Aahhh ! ( WHIMPERS WITH PAIN ) ( BREATHING STEADIES ) ( KNOCKING ) ( KNOCKING CONTINUES ) ( TUTS ) Not again ! I 'll have the dogs set on you ! - Snotty Little brats . - Thank you , Lucy . - What was there ? - It wasn 't nothing , sir . One of them village Lads , if you ask me , playing runaway rings again . At this time ? Mm . Lucy ? ( CLATTERING ) Who 's there ? Who 's in there ? My God ! Keep your nerve , Kemp . I need help , badly . This is nonsense . Some sort of trick . How do you know my name ? - What are you ? - Steady , man . Lie still , you fool ! I don 't want to hurt you . By heaven , you 'll madden me , lie still ! Now , that 's better . But if you shout , I 'll beat your head . I shan 't shout . Let me sit up . - Will you Listen to reason ? - ( GASPING FOR BREATH ) just let me sit quietly for a moment . Oh ! ( PANTING ) This is no foolishness or magic . I am invisible . Then it 's true . - True ? - The newspapers . Who are you ? Why have you come here ? - It 's Griffin , man ! You remember me ! - Griffin ? University College , a year below you . - Griffin ? - I 've made myself invisible . Griffin , Griffin ... - You won a medal at chemistry ! - Invisible , Kemp . - Invisible . - Oh , my brain 's rioting . This is horrible . ( GRIFFIN ) It is horrible enough . ( CHAIR SHIP-TING ) ( GRIFFIN sums ) Great God , I 'm tired . - Have you any whiskey ? - It 's hypnotism , isn 't it ? I need food and drink , Kemp . I 'm near dead with exhaustion . Kemp ! Whisky . Yes , I 'll give you mine . It 's in my study next door . No tricks , Kemp . I could kill you with the greatest of ease . Kemp ! Be patient . This is the insanest thing that ever happened . ( SLURPING ) ( SWALLOWING AND SIGHING ) But you can 't be invisible ! It was demonstrated only last ... Never mind what 's been demonstrated . I 'm starving hungry and cold . Have you a dressing gown ? Yes . - Your arm . - It 's a gunshot wound . It 's trivial . - It 's still bleeding . - You 'll just have to put up with that . - Are you married ? - No . Are you alone in the house ? - You know I 'm not . - Apart from the servants . For the moment , yes . Don 't worry , you 're quite safe up here . The sen / ants won 't disturb me while I 'm working . Good . ( GRIFFIN sums ) Sit down , Kemp , sit down . We have to talk . You haven 't changed much . - I wish I could say the same for you . - ( LAUGHS ) Good , you 've calmed down at last . Who shot you ? I had a confederate , a fool of a man . He stole ... money from me and other things . - Is he invisible , too ? - No . He shot you ? No , some imbecile I 've never seen before fired at random . - I am fortunate that it 's only a flesh wound . - You should let me attend to it . Later . Damn this blood . It gets visible as it coagulates . What devilry is it that makes a man invisible ? It 's not devilry , it 's a process , quite sane and intelligible . ( SCOFFS ) But ... good God , man , how is it done ? Tell me how you come to be like this . You understand , of course , my corning here was no coincidence ? I made a terrible mistake , trying to carry this thing through alone . I 've wasted so much strength and time , so many opportunities . One man alone can do so little . I saw your name recently in a scientific journal , an article on optical density . Seeing that changed all my plans . I realised I was no longer alone . You , of all people , would understand and help . We worked together once before . We could do so again . - Boys at college . - You were always cool and methodical , the ideal confederate . I was on my way here when that cur stole my notebooks and gave me the slip . What a fool I was to trust him . I can be trusted . What I want , Kemp , is a hiding place , somewhere I can eat and sleep . - Together , we could do great things . - Griffin ... With food and rest and a companion , anything is possible . - Listen ... - Please hear my story out . Very well . ( SIGHS ) It was all so simple to begin with , so credible . The Light hurts my eyes . It began at Chesilstowe College , about a year after I Left London . L gave up medicine in ' 84 , took up physics instead . The whole subject of Light , of optical density , fascinated me , and I flung myself into research in whatever spare moments I had . I was working under frightful disadvantages . I was just a shabby , poverty-stricken demonstrator , hemmed in by a lot of silly , gaping students and a professor called Hobbema , the sort of scientific bounder who is always prying , thieving ideas . Ah , Griffin ! Stewart and I wondered if you 'd join us for lunch in town . - Thank you but I 'm not hungry . - You must take some nourishment . Stewart tells me that you missed breakfast again this morning . Stuart , like others , should learn to mind his own business . - His concern was well-meant . - Perhaps . Well , I have no wish to interrupt your work . Tell me , are you any nearer to testing your hypothesis experimentally ? Oh , I 'm sorry . Of course , you must keep it to yourself . I 'm just naturally curious to know when you 'll publish your findings . Of course , if you don 't wish to discuss it ... Professor Hobbema . What do you know of optical density ? Oh , I know the whole subject 's a network of riddles . I 've discovered a general principle on pigments and refraction . A formula , you mean ? A geometrical expression in four dimensions . - Go on . - A method by which it will be possible , without changing any other property of matter , except colour in some instances , to lower the refraction index of a substance to that of air . - A liquid . - Solid or liquid . Extraordinary . No doubt you know molecular physics , but let me put the elementary facts to you as if you didn 't , to make my meaning clearer . Any schoolboy knows that if an object neither reflects nor refracts nor absorbs light , - it cannot be visible . - That 's plain sailing . A transparent thing becomes practically invisible in a medium of the same refractive index . If I put this piece of common glass into water thus , it almost vanishes , because Light passing from water to glass is only slightly affected . It is almost as invisible as a jet of gas in air for the same reason . If I were to smash the glass and beat it into a powder , it would become much more visible in the air . The powdered glass has many surfaces . But put back into water , the powdered glass vanishes again . Forgive me , but as you say , this is very elementary . Think of all the things that are transparent and seem not to be . This paper , for instance . Soaked in oil , it would become as transparent as glass . Is this what 's been occupying all your spare time this term ? Not only paper , Professor Hobbema . Cotton fibre , wood fibre , bone . Bone , Professor . And flesh , Professor . And hair and nails and nerves . Now do you begin to understand what 's been occupying my time ? The whole fabric of man except the red of his blood and the dark pigment of his hair is made up of transparent , colourless tissue . You and I , Professor Hobbema , are as transparent as a sheet of glass . But ... if a man were made of glass he would still be visible . Imbecile ! Really , Griffin , I am trying to understand . You are saying , then , that there is no such thing as an invisible animal ? - I suppose that 's what I 'm saying . - In the sea , there are thousands , millions . - All the larvae , all the Little naupliae ... - Yes , yes , in water , perhaps , but not in air . - I need money , Hobbema . - I beg your pardon ? Money ? - To continue . - Oh ! Hmm . Just how far have you got with your experiments on physiology ? On pigments to make blood colourless and yet remain with all the functions that it has . - You 'll publish . - Of course . And when I publish , no one will share my credit . This is in cipher . Well ! We must talk again . Very soon . Oh ! Stewart will never forgive me . No doubt I shall see you in the common room at tea time . Fool ! I left the college , took a place in London , - an attic room near Tower Bridge . - ( GAS ENGINE HAMMERING ) I worked there as I had never worked before , immersing myself in research . Infinite detail , Kemp , the exasperation . You 've no idea . Month after month , every mountain of difficulty I toiled over showed another from its summit . And then , suddenly , one afternoon last June , I found myself with scarcely a difficulty left beyond the planning of details . ( ENGINE CONTINUES HAMMERING ) Invisible . I have transcended magic . L was like a man emerging from a thicket , Kemp . I could scarcely believe I 'd done it - and in the nick of time , my money was exhausted . ( KEMP ) What money was that ? - Griffin ? - Must you interrupt ? To be of help , I must understand everything . - Have you a benefactor who sponsors you ? - No . Then where did you find the money for your lodgings and your equipment ? How did you survive for three years , Griffin ? You Left Chesilstowe with no money . My father . The money came from my father . I see . No , you do not see . I robbed him . - What ? - I stole from him . I found out too late the money was not his . He shot himself . My God ! I am sorry . You must have felt very badly about it . Not in the least . He was a stupid man , the victim of his own foolishness . The current cant required my attendance at his funeral , but I really felt as if it were not my affair at all . All those shabby , black , bent old men with sniveling colds . A cheap funeral . Cheap hearse , scant ceremony . Couldn 't you speak out to save his character ? Why ? It mattered Little to me , less to him . Poor fool . - You think me callous ? - Well ... - For God 's sake ! - Don 't you understand ? - Your wound ! - The power , Kemp ! The incredible power of invisibility ... mine ! Ours ! A weakling like my father means nothing . He was a means to an end . This is the reality , the hands that hold you to this chair . Domination , Kemp . Invisible power . - Terror ! - Terror ? Yes , yes , yes ! A reign of terror . Against whom ? Weaklings , enemies , the world . You and I , Kemp . Think of what we might achieve . A thousand things are possible . Together we 'll strike them down , the enemies . Judicious slaying . So simple . Kill to terrify . To dominate , to rule . - Kill , if necessary , again and again and again . - Why must there be killing ? Don 't you understand ? How else am I to achieve the power my invisibility bestows ? Not wanton killing . Judicious slaying , Kemp . A reign of terror . All who disobey my orders I must kill , and kill all who would defend them . - ( SIGHS ) - You 're worn out , Griffin . I can hear it in your voice . And you 're still losing blood . I 've had very Little sleep in the last three days . Why don 't you rest here until morning ? We can talk again tomorrow . I need drink and food . Of course you do . Are you mad ? I 'm sorry . That was stupid of me . I 'll fetch it myself . Understand , Kemp . You 'll be sorry if you make any attempt to hamper or trick me . To have worked for years , to have planned and plotted and then to have every conceivable sort of silly creature sent to cross me ... If I have much more of it , Kemp , I shall go mad . I give you my word . Men of your stamp , Samuel Kemp , don 't know what real rage is . Nothing is going to stop me now , nothing . If you betray me , I shall kill you .
