 Seven seconds before the chopper . Contact , set control room . Ready ! Steady ! Second chopper , go ! Camera Three ! To the left , for God 's sake ! To the left ! To the left ! Chopper camera ! Chopper camera , close up on him , damn you ! Yes , my friends , he is dead . In spite of his heroic courage , Roederer couldn 't escape the five ruthless killers chasing him . And how , dear viewers , how we all wished for his victory . Unfortunately , this is the relentless and grand rule of our show , a fortune or death . What a spectacle ! What an emotion . This third episode of " The Prize of Danger " attained ... such heights . Roederer ! In the name of the hundred million viewers .. who admired you throughout Europe ... words fail me to tell you ... my admiration , my emotion ... and to congratulate you . You were a candidate of exceptional valour ... What a pity . To fail so close to the goal . Ten minutes more , ten minutes , and you would have won the bounty of one million dollars . But you didn 't lose everything . In order to show its admiration , the management of our channel , CTV , offers you the exceptional bounty , of ten thousand dollars . Ten thousand dollars ! That I have the pleasure to hand over to the very nice Mrs Roederer , the wife of our unfortunate candidate . Come , Mrs Roederer , come . And look , oh my friends , how moved she is ... Madam .. Come and receive the check that is offered to your husband . May I be so bold as to ask you to say a few words ? She 's really awed ... terribly upset . And I am as much as she is . A huge applause ! Yesterday , what with unemployment and the recession , Mrs Roederer and her three children lived in poverty . And today , thanks to your husband ... the unfortunate candidate in " The Prize of Danger " ... You are , madam , free from want and rich of these ten thousand dollars . Here ... After ... so cruel a tragedy , I 'm loath to tell you about our forthcoming holidays , but ... life goes on ! Where shall we go next summer ? If I were you , I would rush to a " Tourism for All " agency . " Tourism for All " puts the world ... within the reach of any purse , even the smallest one . - Tahiti . Bora-Bora . - Send the dancers on number four . The spellbinding nights in Polynesia . Desert beaches . A limpid sea . And girls as beautiful as the sun ! - Here you are . - Thank you . - Me , please . - No , please , that 's enough now . You are a murderer , Mallaire . You and all the CTV . You earn millions with your show but you are murderers ! I 'll have your show banned ! Mallaire , murderer ! Mallaire , murderer ! Two possible theories . Either this Elizabeth Worms is an idealist or she 's an opportunist . In the second case , she succeeded , two months ago , she was completely unknown , - today everybody talks about her . - Thanks to us . Put the previous picture back on , please . - You studied with her all the way , Laurence , didn 't you ? - Yes , Sir . What do you think of her ? Did she use our show to start a career ? Is she manipulated by political movements ? Neither . She 's just honest and also remarkably intelligent . - Are you sure she can 't be bought ? - Positive . If she 's honest and intelligent , which are usually incompatible , we 'll have to be very vigilant . She reported us to the Citizen Rights Commission . We control several of their members anyway . I think we can also rely on the discreet support of the Government . The interest of the nation is at stake . I was just emphasizing the other day for the minister of Unemployment the diverting effect our first two shows had . While they 're enthralled by the Prize of Danger , our five million unemployed forget to go down in the street . Of course , but in our ill-conceived democracy , counsellor Worms could very well find an awkward judge who will put justice above the interest of the nation . Meanwhile , Laurence , you 'll take care of the next candidates with Mallaire . We 're making a melodrama , we need actors who smell of the masses . Are you all ready ? Get set , we 're going to begin . Move further apart from each other . Number 12 , move over . careful not to hide your neighbour . - Tell me , what must we do now ? - Nothing special at the moment . Just look as natural as you can . Stay well behind the line . You see it , don 't you ? This line , here ! Stay behind it . Eleven ! Straighten you back . Thirty-one ! Suck your gut in . Please do a pan on every face . One at a time . Thank you . Say , what with this herd of morons , it won 't be easy . This one is without any interest . Next . Next ! A redhead . No , no redheads , they 're bad luck . - Well , what ' you think of this one ? - Not bad ... He 's got a nice face . A real smile . He would deserve to be happy . Could you ask him to say something ? Lets see if this one can talk . - Eighteen , can you say something ? - Sure , what must I say ? Great . He has a quick wit . Put him aside , okay ? Next . Next . Are they kidding ? A nigger . Look , we can live with being called criminals , but racists , nobody would forgive us . Come on , next . Oh , no , not this one . This one is too handsome . Way too handsome . And also sexy . He 's much too sexy . Look at this , will you , it would be very bad for family audiences . Oh no . Jealous husbands would prevent their wives from watching the show . Oh , little one ... Bah , how ugly ! Out of the question , women wouldn 't give a damn about what might happen to him . Make up your mind , the previous one was just the opposite . It 's a matter of proportions . Forty-two again , please ? Forty-two . Show us Forty-two . I think he 's got something . I even think this Forty-two is quite good . He 's handsome and has personality . You 're right , he 's got personality . What the fuck ! Forty-two back , quick ! Forty-two , what you 're doing ? Keeping me or throwing me out ? Go back to your place . Right . We 've been waiting for one hour . - How many of us are there ? - Take up your sign ! Sweep the floor as well ? You dummy . Make up your minds , guys . I 'm unemployed , I 've got lots of things to do . Here a recent picture of Richard Vallon . Taken ... two years ago . Since then , our candidate is unemployed . And his wife here , is very , very ill . She 's got cancer . Oh ... Unemployment plus cancer might be too much , don 't you think ? - IQ ? - Low . Oh , that 's a good point . If everybody agrees , I 'll keep him . François Jacquemard , now . Age 32 . Elevator repairman . Modest origins , his father was a mailman . The myth of the mailman is enduring . You warm to the guy at once , don 't you ? An uneventful childhood , grade school , First communion , technical high school . First communion is great . It 'll draw all the grannies . First job at eighteen . First love . Here it is . Broken at nineteen by his dramatic departure for military service . - And in the army ? - He was a noncom when discharged . Good marks ... But on his return , he consorts with left wing activists . - What ? - He 's even arrested by the Police . A picture from the criminal records . I don 't like that . The army really is the crucible of all vices . Nothing serious . He was soon back in line . Since then an ordinary life as a specialized technician . With his football team . He 's been employed for four years and worked satisfactory ... Until last week . - What happened ? - Redundancy . - His private life ? - Uneventful . Marianne Marcel , his girlfriend for three years . Works for a hauling company . She 's a lovely girl . She looks healthy , smiling , well ... healthy . Working-class , ok . - And the morality investigation ? - Very positive . Hardworking , pleasant , nice are words common to all testimonies . The girl 's the reason why ... I 'm in favour of Jacquemard 's candidacy . - So am I. - Agreed . - Something 's bothering you , Mallaire ? - No , no , but ... I don 't know ... It 's in his eyes , or in his expression . Something arrogant , don 't you think ? What 's his IQ ? Very much above average . That may be why you think he looks arrogant . Well ... I yield to your argument , but I 'm warning you , I can feel it , let me tell you , this guy is a pain in the arse . - The lobster , madam . - The lobster , madam ... I don 't like that money , François . Aren 't we feeling good here ? I do feel good , but what is that money ? Why do you need to know where the money 's from ? Can 't you just enjoy it ? Is that impossible ? It 's miracle money . Is that answer acceptable ? And what does " miracle money " mean ? I signed a contract with CTV . Do you know them ? On Sunday , I 'm on the Somersault show , if I win , I 'm on for The Prize of Danger . They gave me $ 3000 in advance , that 's the miracle . It 's not true ? Is this a joke or have you gone completely mad ? $ 20.000 on Sunday and one million eight days later . Soon we 'll sit under palm trees . How do we go there ? In a coffin ? You have no chance making it alive , François . Just look at the others , none of them finished the show . Once , you said you love me because I 'm different . So , did you lie ? I thought about it , all or nothing . No more living like rats . We 've been working for ten years and what ? Why do some people make it and not we ? Explain it to me ! - Don 't you like the sun ? Have kids ... - Of course I do . Trust me , then . I 'm tired of getting a tan in front of the posters . I agree , François . But not like this . I 'm willing to take a risk , but I want to take them with you ! Do you know another other way to earn that much money ? Well , tell me ? But if you get killed , my life is over too ! - I don 't give a damn about their million ! - Marianne , I need you . If you 're not here on Sunday , I can 't win . Dear friends , dear viewers , good morning ! CTV and myself have gathered today on this superb air field ... you can hear behind me the roaring power of those engines ... we 've gathered here today in order to open , with Somersault , the wonderful cycle of our fourth edition of The Prize of Danger . Let 's not wait anymore and get acquainted with our three , oh so likeable candidates . These three candidates will today vie with each other in courage , in order to be the participant , next Sunday , in our great show , The Prize of Danger , of which he might become the hero . Mr Ascona , should you win this fortune ... and a genuine fortune it is - what will you do ? - With my wife , - we thought we could buy a shop . - A shop ? - Yes , a grocery store . - Wonderful . Mr Ascona is so right , there are never enough grocers . Mr Vallon ? Well , I always liked engines . - Well ... I told myself , I could buy ... - Speak louder . That I could buy a garage ... but a very small garage . Wonderful , wonderful . If I 've got car trouble , I 'll now know whom to call . And we 're now , dear friends , dear viewers , going to see our third and last candidate , Mr Jacquemard . Mr Jacquemard , what are your plans ? - Well ... I intend to specialize in napping . - What do you mean ? Resting . I mean , not doing anything anymore . Mr Jacquemard is a wise man . And now ! Our three candidates , each of them in the company of a qualified pilot , will get in these wonderful planes , kindly lent by the firm of Sourat . And these Sourat planes will climb to an altitude of 800 m . And there , our courageous current candidates , whom , I must remind you , never piloted a plane in their lives , will be abandoned by their pilot . Yes , the pilots , at that time , will make a parachute jump , leaving our candidates alone at the controls ... in their planes . So , if you don 't mind , dear candidates , dear friends , get in your planes . Mr Jacquemard , the first plane there . Beware ! Mind the propeller , please . - Mr Vallon , your plane . Mr Ascona ... - I 'm going , I 'm going ... Please take your seat at the controls of your plane . All right ! All our candidates are now ready to take off . Yes ! Well , Mr Vallon ? What is it , Mr Vallon ? - Excuse me , but I ... - We must understand him , emotion . - I can 't do it . I can 't do it - It is indeed a very grave moment . - Mr Vallon , please , this is nothing . - No , I won 't be able to do it . Dear friends , dear viewers . It 's just emotion . Mr Vallon . Please . - No , no , I don 't want to ... - Of course , not everybody is worthy of being a hero or an Louis Blériot But , look ! Here is Mr Ascona , already at the controls of his plane . Please close the cockpit . Thank you ! Bravo ! Bravo , bravo , Mr Ascona . Mr Jacquemard , can you hear me ? No , Mr Jacquemard has already started , he can 't hear us anymore . The great moment is finally here . We can only wish the best of luck to our two reckless candidates and tell them , may the best man win ! Good luck , my friends . 200 million viewers will thrill with you . Oh , what an admirable sight ! What harmony , beauty ! It 's a genuine ballet . A ballet these planes will dance in the sky , under the sun . A ballet that our helicopter will watch from above , carrying a bold cameraman who will keep filming our candidates . And hail the beautiful CTV Airship where our final controls are housed . My dear friends , dear viewers , the planes are about to take off . They 're taking off ! Alea jacta est . But I remind you that our candidates have the freedom to choose their fate till the very end . Should fear take over , they can switch to autopilot , to the red handle of the autopilot which will bring them back safe and sound . - Is this it ? - Yeah . That 's it . Oh , the flares ! The flares ! Dear viewers , you just saw as I did the two flares , red and blue , the signal of the great jump into space . All right ! The pilots are now taking leave of our candidates who , I repeat , know nothing about flying a plane . Well , good luck . Here they are ! You can see them as I can . Two flower-men in the sky , what a beauty . I think a lot of our female viewers would be happy to come and kiss them when they land . But let 's go back to our heroes , Mr Ascona and Mr Jacquemard . They 're now alone in their planes . Can you imagine those men , with their joystick , staring at the runway ... Let me remind you that their tanks hold fuel for only five minutes ... Then comes the terrible accident , the accident ... the accident ... But what 's that ? One plane 's trying to land . Who is this ? Of course , this is brave Mr Ascona ! He 's so right ! If he lands first , he 'll qualify . But what is happening ? Mr Ascona 's plane seems to go down like a stone . you must pull on the joystick , Mr Ascona ! Is he going to crash ? Camera One , on Mr Ascona , quick ! Quick , quick , there must still be something to do , quick quick quick ! This ... is the hard law of sports . But already our rescue team is on the spot , they 'll try anything to save Mr Ascona , but unfortunately , unfortunately , the fire forces them to stay away ... God bless Mr Ascona ! But ... fortunately we still have our last candidate , Mr Jacquemard , who is flying like a real pro , straight ahead , in a perfect movement ... but you must hurry Mr Jacquemard , there are only three minutes worth of fuel left in your tank . Try to land , Jacquemard ! That 's it ! He is preparing to land . Here he is ! François Jacquemard 's plane is here ! But our candidates seem dogged by bad luck today ... Look , Mr Jacquemard 's plane , is dangerously losing altitude , it seems out of control ... Is it going to crash too ? He 's falling . Mr Jacquemard , you alone can pull on the red handle . The autopilot . Don 't hesitate . Everybody understands , come back safe , François . Is he going to give up or will he have the courage .. .. to face it to the end ? François doesn 't give up . He 's controlling his plane again . He brushed the tree tops . Branches crashing . Will François accomplish the impossible ? The plane 's rushing toward the runway , getting closer at breathtaking speed . This is admirable ! This is uncanny ! François just landed . Let 's applaud him ! What a man ! And he refused radio control in order to come to us . Safe and sound . I 'm losing my voice on account of my emotion , dear viewers , as you can well imagine . Where is his fiancée ? Miss ? Where is she ? Bravo ! Bravo , François , Bravo ! Can the camera follow me now , please ? Miss ! Come , Miss ! We would so much love , our dear viewers and myself , for you to appear on the air , so that everybody can see your smile and your joy . This is François Jacquemard 's fiancée ! Let 's give her a big round of applause . But what 's that ? François isn 't in control of his plane . Stop ! Do something , François ! François . Stop your plane . Stop , stop . François ! No , no , don 't panic , please ! No , calm down , calm down , François , calm down , I beseech you ! Be careful ! You 're going to hurt him . François . Speak to me . Dear friends , dear viewers , wouldn 't it be too absurd and too unfair ? We will stay in touch with the hospital where François is brought now , and I promise in the name of CTV , to inform you of our winner 's health as soon as we get information . CTV is always on the spot , have confidence , dear viewers . Thank you . This guy is a marvel . He 's giving us more than we could ask . Look at him . That 's not determination but rage . Wonderful . He could have killed someone . - What 's wrong , Laurence ? - This show is beginning to frighten me . But it was your brainchild , wasn 't it ? And I congratulate you for it . We were on the verge of bankruptcy . Thanks to you and the Prize of Danger , we jumped eleven points ahead . I had no idea it 'd turn out like this . I didn 't expect such a scope . If we could stop the Prize of Danger tomorrow , I 'd be almost relieved . After an invest of five million dollars ? No , Laurence , our purpose is to make money , period . You know , I too , when I get home ... - my wife and children barely talk to me . - Why ? More or less because they agree with Elizabeth Worms and ... the people from the League . Violence ... human respect ... We must learn to accept things . The only important thing to us is CTV 's success . Today , yes . But , it 's funny , not long ago , when I was in college with Elizabeth Worms , I had other dreams . Of another kind of journalism , of an independent and powerful television . - And even of money . - But that Worms of yours , when she sends her demonstrators on to the streets , in front of our cameras , isn 't she doing the same job as we are ? - She 's organizing a show too . - It figures . In a society where everything 's a show , protest is just another show . No , I 'm joking , but the day when a revolution is taken care of by a publicist or show-business people , we 'll obtain a kind of total show . It 's scary , isn 't it ? You 're very good , Laurence , but .. if you ask yourself such questions , you ruin your career . We 're living in a crazy world the Prize of Danger is exactly the crazy show for our crazy world .. You and I aren 't responsible for the world we live in . You 're certainly right . But who 's responsible then ? We 're cut from the same cloth , Laurence . One day , you 'll succeed me in this office , but ... if you change course , I 'll have to let you go . - Is that clear ? - Quite clear , Sir . More flowers for you . Aren 't they beautiful ? The doc said you 'll be discharged in the afternoon , Mr Jacquemard . - Great . - They still talk about you on TV . - Put it on ? - Yes , please . Thank you . " ... crashed in the trees , I was so stressed . Especially since that boy is really likeable . He resembles my nephew who works in insurances , so ... Thank you . And you , sir ? Your opinion about Jacquemard ? Yes , he 's fine , but I especially like the girl who 's with him . - I can 't remember her name . - You mean Marianne Larsen , - Jacquemard 's fiancée ? - Right . She 's a beautiful girl , isn 't she ? Just my type . Good for you . And you , Miss ? Great . He looks like a singer but ... too bad they 'll kill him on Saturday . Just when we learned to know him . - I think the show should be longer ... - Well , we 're ... " Is she crazy ? I won 't die on a Saturday . - You like being a star , huh ? - You 're a star too . Didn 't you hear that guy ? Well ? " Unlike previous candidates , François Jacquemard has a kind of grandeur . Real grandeur comes from the crowds . " - That 's it . - I prefer this . " Taking part in this farce , Jacquemard is an involuntary and naïve accomplice for the crooks from CTV . Strange is the fate of this poor devil , an accessory to his own murder . " - So what ? - Fortunately , he 's wrong . - Why ? - You may not like it , but do you remember Elizabeth Worms' so-called justice commission ? Well , she might win . In that case , no show on Saturday . I accuse ... the CTV channel of trying to circumvent the law on willing suicide in order to justify by legal arguments the existence of its show , The Prize of Danger . The intentions of the legislator were indeed quite clear . " any citizen over 18 years old , man or woman , of sound mind and disposing memory , may ask a third party to help him or her to die , if they 're unable to commit suicide themselves . " Accurate . Article 14 , October the 7th of last year , paragraph 2 . The Prize of Danger totally contradicts this text of law . The candidates do not participate with the intention of dying , but on the contrary , they hope to live and win a substantial prize . I emphasize that our candidates before the show , all of them volunteers , sign a contract specifying that they agree to be killed . I do insist that the CTV channel circumvents the law on willing suicide . A man who commits suicide chooses in what precise way he will die . The candidates in The Prize of Danger don 't know how they 'll meet their death . The first one was thrown down from the top of a fifteen stories building . The second one was butchered by a motorcycle , and the third one killed with boat oars . Inadmissible argument , counsellor Worms . Should the legislator intend to , he would have specified it in the law . I nonetheless accuse the CTV channel of voluntary manslaughter . While the public authorities by all means are trying to fight the increase in violence , I accuse CTV of exploiting for mercenary reasons , the lowest instincts of the audience . You 're wrong , Miss . Efficient ways to fight violence are not nice humanitarian sentences such as yours . We should rather increase the number of shows like The Prize of Danger , in order to help people exorcise their violence . It 's outrageous to speak of exorcism about a show which is merely a vile display - of brutality and sadism . - Of course . When they see someone committing a crime for them , lots of viewers feel liberated of the need to act on their impulses . There is less delinquency during wars than in times of peace . In fact , the day our show is on , it is statistically proven that delinquency rates go down in significant proportions . So I dare say that our show is a public health enterprise . Do you have anything to add , counsellor ? I trust the wisdom of the court not to confuse commercial demagogy and civic spirit , legal quibble ... and justice . I 'm sorry , counsellor , but the elements you provided certainly do not allow this Commission to recommend that the public authorities ban the show . Please allow me to add that , on a personal level , I regret it , but you 're dismissed . Get ready ! 1 minute 15 before going on the air . Camera ! One minute before going on the air . Helicopter crew , get ready . Helicopter crew ready ? Helicopter crew ready . Airship crew , are you ready ? Airship crew , are you ready ? - Airship ready ! - Thank you . - Satellite transmission ready ? - Satellite transmission okay . Thank you . Go ! Thank you , dear friends . Thank you , dear viewers , thank you . So we begin our fourth edition of The Prize of Danger . And now , dear friends , dear viewers , look closely , you 're about to discover those who , in a few moments , are going to start chasing François Jacquemard . They 're going to come down from the heavens , or rather from Hell . 2500 , dear friends , dear viewers , 2500 people applied to be the killers of the candidate on The Prize of Danger , and you 'll see only five today , this is the draconian law of this show . Five candidates ... handpicked ... people like you and I who never killed anybody but are dying to , if you 'll forgive the pun . I 'll now introduce them to you , Bertrand ! Hello , Bertrand . Bertrand is an overseer in the building trade , is that right ? - That 's right . - And you were ... well , you are an ex-paratrooper . - Yes I am . - Well , ladies and gentlemen , I think this is one bloke you don 't want to mess with . Arnaud ! Arnaud ... our friend Arnaud is a professor of technical drawing and he 's got a ... - very peculiar hobby . Haven 't you ? - Yes . Arnaud is a taxidermist . Yes , that 's it , a taxidermist , which means that he spends his free time stuffing animals . That 's it , Arnaud ? Yes . - Alexandre . Alexandre , you are ... ? - An electrical appliances salesman . I think you 've got a passion . When you 've time to kill , you 're ... - football referee . - Right . - Football fan . - Football fan . - What about you , Edouard ? - I 'm an insurance salesman . Insurance salesman , and Edouard has two passions . - Yes , hunting . Fishing . - Hunting , fishing ... And here is our fifth hunter ... Yes , dear friends , dear viewers , a woman . And gorgeous to boot . Her name is Jacqueline . We 've always been accused of misogyny since the beginning of this show , we always refused female candidacies , well , we don 't anymore . Jacqueline , may I ask you a favour , introduce yourself to our friends , to our dear viewers , they 'll be so happy . Well ... I 'm a sports champion . Combat sports . A regional champion . And a ticket controller on a toll motorway . What a nice job . What a wonderful job ! You give some joy , some happiness , to all the people going on holidays . But there 's an answer that you should give to all our friends here , and to all our viewers , who all wonder the same thing , Why ? What was your motivation for accepting , for wanting to kill our friend François Jacquemard in front of our cameras . - Bertrand , for instance . - Do I have to answer ? Certainly not . You 're completely free to keep your motivation a secret , but , but ... I noticed sometimes ... I 'm not ashamed ... Sometimes I 'm going out in the street with my pistol in my pocket , like this , I walk telling myself that the first guy who 'd mess with me ... I 'd shoot him point blank . That is lovely . We all have our little fantasies . - Arnaud ... - It 's the same for me . Almost every night , I dream that I 'm killing someone with a knife . I 'd never do it , mind you , because of jail . They say horrible things happen in jail . What about you , Alexandre ? Well , it 's about the same thing ... I 'd like to ... And since you even pay us , well , we would be wrong not to try . Of course . Edouard ? I do think that we 're not worse than the others anyway . I mean , for instance , take soldiers ... they kill people in wars , they don 't even know why . We do know why , it 's for money . And besides , we 're not alone . There 's also the government , the trade unions and all of their schemes ... What about you , Jacqueline ? I never thought of it before , but the other afternoon , when I saw him on TV . What with his looks , I understood that he made women suffer . So there 's no doubt ? No mercy ? You 're really determined to kill François Jacquemard ? - Yes , you bet ... - Nothing will soften you up ? - Certainly not . - No . Why 'd we be here ? Wonderful ! They are wonderful ! Applause ! Be on the set in two minutes , mister Jacquemard . Stop it , François . Let the bastards end up alone with their show . That 'd be so cool . Everybody would agree with you . Marianne ... we need the money . But they 'll kill you first . - Can 't you see you 're already dead ? - I 'm going to win . No you 're not . And I don 't want you to do this show . I 'll do anything to prevent you from doing it . What do you want ? Go home , is that it ? Resume our shitty little life , wait for pay day , holidays at your godmother 's ... Her place is okay . Just 25 metres to the pool . Now that we dreamed to be millionaires . Can you imagine stepping back ? We went too far , Marianne . I can 't back off now . 90 seconds , Mr Jacquemard . It 's over then , François . I don 't trust you anymore . Do what you want but without me ! May I come in ? I wanted to wish you luck as the show producer and in the name of all CTV . Good luck . - Not very nice to think I 'm a fool . - But ... I fail to see how I ... We 're two players . If I win you lose a million dollars . And you say good luck ? I 'm a good loser . Don 't be ashamed . I know the rules of your show . If anything happens to me , don 't blame yourself . The only responsible party will be myself . And did come to wish luck to the others too , like this ? - No . - Why me then ? I don 't know . It 's different . Sincerely , I hope you make it . You 're very kind . Well , prepare your check , cause I 'll be back . And here is now the one you 've all been waiting for . Our hero ! Thanks to his charm , to his unpretentiousness , he managed to become exceptionally popular ... Come in , François . François ... François Jacquemard ! - François , how are you ? - I 'm okay . Stage fright ? Feeling good ? - Unbeatable . - That 's beautiful . Ambition . Looking at him , I see myself at the same age . But firstly , François , you 're going to sportingly shake the hand of your adversaries ... An admirable sight , worthy of the ancient gladiators , when they congratulated each other in the arena ... Oh ... Even in such circumstances , François didn 't forget to salute grace and beauty . Bravo , François , a knight ... a knight of modern times who knows how to add today 's courage to yesterday 's courtesy . And the fateful moment has now come , the instant François , when you depart for adventure . François ... all of our friends here , all of our viewers love you and wish for your victory . Let 's applaud him ! François ! Goodbye , François . Cocoa , cocoa , there 's only one cocoa it 's Angelo cocoa . Angelo cocoa . Natural vitamins , the sun from the bush country ... Angelo cocoa instantly gives you the necessary strength to succeed in your endeavours . But François has already crossed our wings , " ... he 's now reached the studio roof , surrounded by our technicians . Oh , my God ! What energy ! What enthusiasm ! To get to the CTV helicopter which , in a few moments , under your very eyes , will take him towards his destiny . He 's now strapped to the cable which pulls him up ... Will you look at the ease ! François is a genuine sportsman . And the helicopter now takes its flight in order to get ... " François to the town 's highest tower , two kilometres from here . From this tower , François will have to reach by his own means a place that only he knows , and he will have to reach it before four hours have elapsed . That 's the duration of our show . Will François succeed in this feat ? Will François succeed in this feat , what with our pack of hunters in hot pursuit ? Hunters who are stimulated by the prize waiting for them . - Bastards ! Scum ! - No , my friends , no . No , these hunters are our friends . They 're courageous boys . Applause ! And while François will be constantly filmed by our satellite crew , our hunters will always know his whereabouts thanks to a pocket TV set , that they took with them , and which is equipped with a radio-transmitter ... so they can stay in permanent touch with us . A Toller TV set , of course . And now François ' helicopter has arrived . Pay attention now , As soon as he sets foot on the tower , you may go . " Three metres to go ! Two metres ! One metre ! " Get ready . His foot is on the tower ... Go ! You must win , François . I put your picture up in my room . No fireproof vest ? Good luck anyway . I told everybody you 'll beat them all . I bet on you , so don 't make me lose my money , okay ? Could we take a picture ? I want to send it to my aunt . Step aside , you poor sods ! Get the hell away ! Wait for me ! No . Learn to make it on your own ... if you want to be on TV ! The bastard , the bastard ... Go that way ! This way ! Run in the tunnel ! In the tunnel ! I 'll have your hide ! - Wait , I 'll call you back . - Shit ! Bad luck ! What a shame . It started so well . No problem . The insurance will cover it . " Control room ? Can you replay this extraordinary image ? In slow-motion , please ? " He 's out of the subway . But what is ... what is this subway station ? The subway station , quick ! The name of the subway station ? Think what you will of Mallaire but he 's a great professional . Are you sure ? - I 've got the results of the last poll . - Well ? Of 10 % viewers who watched another channel , - only 5 % switched to us . - Well , you see . We have maximum audience . " He enters a bar ! Bravo , François . But mind the rules . " Quick , another exit ! " You may stay in any public building for only five minutes . Just five little minutes during which your pursuers must respect a truce . " You haven 't got the right ! " Bertrand , stop ! The rules are clear , you do not have a right to endanger innocents . " I don 't give a damn ! Our pal died because of him . You haven 't got the right ! You have no right , damn you ! " Stop ! It 's a common law offence . You can be sentenced to ten years . " Stop , we 'll get him when he gets out . " Thank you , Jacqueline . Thank you , Jacqueline . Only you won 't be penalized . As for you , Bertrand , Edouard and Alexandre , I fine you one thousand dollars that will be taken out of your prize . François ! François ! You may go freely . You have one minute and thirty seconds in order to flee , François . One and a half minutes . " Right ! I 've got one and a half minutes ! A drink for my friends , they deserve it . - You 're not allowed talk to him ! - Beware of the fine . Professionals and executives , 16,5 . Artisans and shopkeepers , 17,2 . Workers and employees , 17,9 . Jacquemard 's popularity has reached unexpected heights . I 'd even say no other star , political or celebrity has ever come so high . 17,9 is an absolute record . Wonderful . A man who 's able to hold such a fascination is priceless . What do you mean exactly ? She means having such a star and let them kill him is somewhat absurd , don 't you think ? Laurence is right . The others were killed at the end of the show , but Jacquemard has now got such fame , such impact ... True , we might gain more if he wins . We 'll sign him up , and our advertisers will pay big money to get him . I don 't agree . These are short term calculations . Our intention is to continue The Prize of Danger , and people will watch us as long as the candidates get butchered . Should one of them win , who can tell what would happen exactly ? Such a risk is out of question . On reflection , you 're right , Sir . It 's out of the question to take such a risk . Extraordinary . How efficient ! You 've noticed , my dear friends , the exceptional impact force of projectiles fired by Saada weapons . A Saada in your home means no more anguish during your week-end . A Saada kills loneliness . But what 's happening ? Is our friend François in trouble again ? Hey , look at him , he 's the guy from the TV ! So you 're their fearless champion , ain 't you ? Move ! get out of my way ! Move ! Where are you going , handsome ? - Move ! - What is he ? Crazy ? Where 's he going ? Is this an emergency ? Hey , what 's your problem ? Hey , François . Beware , the bad guys are in the neighbourhood . - I just saw them on TV . - Do you know where they are ? You must hide . They are everywhere ... Hey , François . You must watch TV . They 're saying something for you . There 's a set in your room . " Hurry , Sir , hurry . Of course , Sir , you 've got a right to phone us to help François but hurry up , Sir . When I owned this hotel with my wife , it was an honest house . Honest , of course , I 'm sure it was , but hurry up , Sir . In the small room , there 's a cupboard . It 's possible to go through the wall because it 's false . A false wall ! François ! His wife had a false wall built , François , a false wall ! Sir , we thank you for calling , and CTV is happy to offer you a Delorme washing machine . Thank you , Sir , for your call . " Are you crazy ? Don 't you care that people are trying to sleep ? Come quick , François ! " My dear friends , my dear friends ... this is one of the most moving moments of my career . A good Samaritan just saved François , and who is this good Samaritan ? A charming , a lovely seven year old little girl . " I 'm going to win the show ! Me ! - Who is he ? - The guy from TV . But he 's bleeding ! He asked for it . After all , he does it for money . What 's your problem ? Fuck you ! Fuck you , your whores and your dough ! Get it altogether ! Are you crazy ? Damn ! What a masterpiece ! What a series of twists and turns ! But who just threw those smoke bombs ? Who 's the good Samaritan who just saved François again ? Madam , Sir , good Samaritan , whoever you are , let me remind you , you may hide François for only five minutes . Five minutes during which CTV will once again give proof of its exceptional generosity because ... our great popular celebration must not let us forget that there are in the world , on our threshold , sometimes less than 2000 kilometres away , countries in which people live in abject poverty ... and need us . As always , CTV offers free advertising help to all those who fight for the well-being of mankind . Tonight , I 'm proud to announce , that IAHW , the International Association against Hunger in the World , benefits from those two minutes on the air . Dear friends , in front of such images , decency and human respect can only lead us to meditation and silence ... Maybe you can tell me now , what are you doing here ? Somebody has to help you or you won 't last more than thirty minutes . Don 't worry , I don 't need anybody . Stop playing the hero , Jacquemard , we 're not on air . Without our smoke bombs you 'd be dead now . The smoke bombs were yours too ? - I mean CTV . - What 's wrong with you ? We have 200 million viewers tonight . We help you as long as possible . - What 's " as long as possible " ? - Four hours of the show . Four hours , so you 've enough time to send your ads , right ? Will I meet Samaritans like you each time I 'm in trouble ? Yes . That means the whole show is set up beforehand ? Yes ! And in the last fifteen minutes the killers kill me . So you avoid to pay me . - And I was too dumb to guess it ... - Yes . The problem is , with me you made a very bad choice . Tell CTV I 'll cash my check . And will you do that as dead ? No ! I won 't die . That 's not what I 'm here for ! You cheat , you don 't respect the rules , Laurence Ballard . I 'll go on , but now I 'll make the rules . We 'll see if your 200 million viewers are disappointed ! Bravo ! We congratulate François who stayed for only five minutes with his good Samaritan . - How nice to come and see us . - Good idea to come this way . I also wanted to do the show . But the TV guys thought I 'd look too nice . Attack ! No ! Scram ! Scram ! Hold him off ! Call him back , damn you ! Scram ! Scram ! You bastards ! Sit ! He 's inside , hurry up ! - You 'll never get me . - We 'll see about that . Just you wait , Buster ! " Bertrand ? Can you hear me , Bertrand ? " Yes , Mr Mallaire . " What 're you doing , Bertrand ? " What do you think ? Smash him down . " It 's horrible . This is not worthy of a soldier . François is wounded , unarmed , and you have a gun . " My little cousin 's bothering you ? All right ! I 'll get him with this ! With this , can you hear me ? Man to Man ! If you are a man . Hey ! Are you showing me your arse because you don 't like your face ? What now , big mouthed champion ? Don 't come closer ! Don 't come closer ! Don 't come closer ! Shit ! Unacceptable , François . You didn 't have a right to kill Bertrand , not even to protect yourself . In no way must you make an attempt on your pursuers ' life . - Where is he ? - Up there . He killed your pal . He 's coming down . Hey , you bastard ! You won 't be so cocky now . No ! Stop ! Don 't shoot ! No ! No , don 't shoot ! No . I don 't want anymore . This is too much . I didn 't know . Don 't hurt me . Oh , my God ! " François ! I solemnly implore you to stop . You 're committing severe crimes . For the last time , François , stop ! " François ! François , here ! Here ! Look ! I got you . The game is over ! Hey ! Don 't do anything stupid , I 'm out of bullets . Hey , you have no right . Don 't fuck it up ! You didn 't you make mistakes ? No , it was your choice ! Have you seen where your pals are now ? Look ! 200 million people are watching you , how you cry and crap in your pants . Your wife and kids . Look at them ! Smile ! Show them your balls ! You don 't even deserve that I kill you . You sissy ! A pathetic sissy ! Smile at them ! Asshole ! - The lorry ! - The lorry ... " François , I solemnly implored you to stop . You didn 't listen to me . You cheated . And what 's worse , you killed four men . Dear viewers , I don 't know anymore , if François is a criminal or a hero , if CTV must congratulate him or disqualify him for cheating . " Please ! No , really ! Ladies ... ladies and gentlemen , dear friends , dear viewers , I 'm just like you . I 'm just like you , full of admiration for François and , at the same time , outraged by his behaviour . This went beyond our intentions . Nonetheless , how could we not be moved by the Shakespearian grandeur of this drama ? François keeps running towards his destiny ! Of course would François be faster with a Mondale , A Mondale isn 't a rolling motorbike , but a flying one . Chirex , please . Bravo , François ! You cheated but you were right ! Their whole show is rigged ! - What will happen now ? - Go away ! CTV are the cheaters ! I 'll say it on TV , they 're the cheaters ! Audience 83 % . If he talks , we won 't survive . We must interrupt . Impossible . If you pull the plug , people get furious . As if you tore off the last pages of their crime novel . And he 'd explain tomorrow why we stopped it . And rightly so . But Jacquemard has gone completely mad . Exactly . That 's what 's going to save us . Even if he kills somebody , we 're in the clear , now . Precisely because he 's mad . - What do you mean ? - He 's mad . Don 't you understand ? Thirty psychiatrists will confirm it . He can say whatever he wants now , it 's no more important . " What shall we do ? Yes , but we risking a riot . I don 't know if I can manage . " You must , Mallaire . People will follow your mood . If you 're outraged , they 'll cause a scandal . If you show enthusiasm and awe , the crowd will be awed . Yes , Sir . Easy to say ... " Mr Mallaire ! Jacquemard will be on the set in thirty seconds . " The Mondale motorbike . The flying motorbike . Dear friends , dear viewers , what a show ! What unforgettable moments we just lived through ! In a few seconds , François , for the first time in the history of The Prize of Danger , François will cross the finishing line as a winner ! And here he is ! François , we are happy to welcome you as the winner ... You said I cheated . But you cheated too , didn 't you ? Ladies and gentlemen ... Take a good look at him ! He tricked you . He tricked you all over ! - He 's hosting a fully rigged show . - No , François . I want my check . Where 's my check ? Where 's my check ? Ladies and gentlemen , please calm down . Our friend François is ... Now he 'll explain us why his show is rigged and how it 's rigged . Tell them the show is rigged . François , this is absurd . You 'll pay for it . - Tell them that everything is rigged ! - No ! No ... No , I beseech you . Tell them that the Samaritans are CTV people . - Come on ! - Ladies and gentlemen ... - The Samaritans are ... - CTV people ! Listen to me ... The woman who picked me up in her car in the tunnel was from CTV . And not the least of them , it was the producer of the show herself ! Yes , the producer of the show ! Let her tell us herself if it 's not true . Let her come and tell us ! - François , pull yourself together ! - Look at your Mallaire ! Can you see your idol ? The condition he 's in ! Look at him . He doesn 't even dare to speak ! So now you 're going to tell them the truth . Why ? Tell your 200 million viewers . Or I blow your brains out ! " So why doesn 't Laurence Ballard come ? Does she fear the truth ? - I beseech you ! - We want Laurence Ballard here ! - We want Laurence Ballard ! - Relax . - We want Laurence Ballard ! " This is awful , a disaster . But look at them , they have fun . They 've watched an exceptional show and now they even participate . Without taking any risk . They 're allowed to play keepers of justice . " The truth ! The truth ! " Laurence Ballard ! Laurence ! So they want the truth ? After all they 're right ! What truth , Laurence ? Ours or Jacquemard 's ? Well , is she coming or not ? We want her here ! Let her come ! Laurence Ballard , we want her here ! That 's enough now ! Intervene ! No ! Quiet , please . Please , get a hold of yourselves . Get a hold of yourselves . François is not himself . - It 's a lie . - It 's stress . - It 's a lie . - The terrible stress . Calm down . - I beseech you , calm down . - Leave him be ! I am Laurence Ballard . I 'm the show 's producer for CTV . François . You want me to say that I was in that car with you ? Yes . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'm going to tell you the truth . - I never left the CTV office during ... - Damn you ! Damn you ! - It 's a lie ! A lie ! - Several persons can certify it . She 's a liar . It 's a lie ... Let go of me ! How sad ... How sad ... But François ' condition is certainly just to blame on this ... this great stress , and I can assure you that we 're going to do all that is necessary to have him cured , immediately ... And CTV ... promises ... to hire the most qualified doctors to give you very soon , a François back in great shape . Let me add , if he wants , François Jacquemard has proven so exceptional , he will be allowed , to participate a second time in this show . Better than any opinion poll , your response tells me how you care for The Prize of Danger , and I thank you all . Some people blame us and denounce us for producing this kind of show ... just tell them that you demand shows like The Prize of Danger . CTV is here to serve you . We give you the shows you want . I know you like good shows , I know you want more blood , more violence and gore ... that 's what we give you ! The next Prize of Danger will be even more spectacular . I promise you that ! The rules will be even harder still , and more violent . And this time , the chase will last a whole day ! No ! No ! Damn you , I 'm not crazy , damn you ! Let go of me ! " Dear friends , dear viewers , the next Prize of Danger , in four weeks , even more violent , even more cruel . What you 've never seen , what you never dared to hope ... " Original subtitles : Goupil66 , May 2011 Timing improved translation : TheHugeAnimalFromTheNorth
