 MORK : Na-no , na-no . Ripped By mstoll Well , I gotta go , Mork . Keep your fingers crossed for me . Or whatever you Orkans do for luck . Oh , look at all the flowers . Mork , the room looks beautiful . MORK : I know , Mind , and not a single Medfly in the bunch . Oh , Mork . - Titter , titter , blush , blush , blush . - Oh , Mork . Hi . Ha , ha . Oh , Mork , this is so sweet of you to do this for me . But you 're a little premature . I 'm not gonna know about the newscaster job till this afternoon . But thanks . [ LAUGHS ] Oh , down , boy . Mork , down , boy , down , boy . Mind , Mind , Mind ... Go ahead tell her . No , I can 't . Oh , tell her . Tell her . I can 't . Oh , come on , tell her . Oh , I 'm cramping up emotionally . Just tell her . You can do it . Tell her , tell her ... Mork , I 'm gonna have to wait later . Sorry , wait . I 'm ... Oh , wait . Just tell her . Tell her . It 's okay . [ PANTING ] It 's all right . Mindy , you hold my three hearts in your two hands . Basically , what I 'd like to say is , will you marry me , Mind ? Mind ? The shiksa split . Make a small mental note : It 's always better to propose while she 's in the room . MINDY : Mork ? - Mind , oh , you say the magic words . Roast . Don 't forget to put it in the oven . Bye . All that love for a hunk of meat . I blew my big moment . I was there . I blew it . MAN : Fore ! MORK : This is not the American embassy ! Mind if I play through ? Exidor , is that you ? That 's what it says on my scorecard . Try a five iron ? Pepe , that 's why you 're a caddy and I 'm on the tour . I always like playing this course . So well-tended . Those are for Mindy . I tried to propose to her . - What did she say ? - Put the roast in the oven . So that 's where it goes . Mork , you can join me on my crusade . I 'm going to take golf from the rich and give it to the poor . We 'll play in the streets with real hazards , like gang violence and mopeds . Exidor , you 've got to help me , please . I mean , you know everything . I mean , you even know the color of Ronald Reagan 's real hair . Please , please , how do ... ? How do I propose to Mindy ? Ditch the skirt , Mork . Yes , but I love Mindy . Isn 't marriage the ultimate commitment , the eternal bond , besides a wicked tax break ? It 's a sham . - It 's a blessing . - It 's barbaric . - It 's fulfilling . - It 's a candy mint . - It 's a breath mint . - Oh , stop . We 're both right . Exidor , please , please , pull out your putter and drive me out of this sand trap of life into the fairway of love . Mork , there 's only two ways to propose . B , the old-fashioned way . You charge into her life on a fiery white stallion , toss the tomato on the back of the saddle and ride off into the sunset . I guess the old-fashioned way is always best unless you 're having a heart transplant , but ... Well , then you 're stuck with C. - I don 't mean to pry , but what 's C ? - Hmm ? - C ? - Oh , C. [ LAUGHING ] Well , Mork , I must say that it 's a boring choice , but it worked for Prince Charles . I look a lot less like Howdy Doody than he does . Mork . This may shock and even nauseate you . That 's all right . I subscribe to the National Enquirer . Bunny , I may not be the handsomest man , or the brightest , or the wealthiest man in the world , but I 've got his phone number . Okay , okay . Okay . Let 's see . Did she come in yet ? Okay . On your mark , get set , propose . - Mindy , I ... - You know , sometimes I wish I was the garbage man , when they wake up in the morning , they expect the world to stink . Mind , although we 've only known each other now for 26,802 hours , I feel basically ... Well , I didn 't get the newscaster job . But am I bitter ? No . Mr. Sternhagen said it had nothing to do with my being a woman , it 's just that he needed a shortstop for the station 's softball team . Mind ... It 's hard to propose to a moving target . Mind . - Mindy ... - Oh , I gotta get my mind off this . I know , let 's go do something fun . You wanna play tennis ? - Oh , I ... - Or we 'll do anything . I 'd love to play " Space Invaders . " Go for some pizza , maybe get married . No , we had Italian food last night . Cute , but not the greatest attention span . Eenie , meenie , minie , mo , you die . - Thanks . - Mind , you know , I 've traveled all around the galaxy , and I never thought I 'd fall for an Earthling . Oh , Mork . You know , I don 't think I know a nicer or kinder being than you . I love you very much , and will you marry me ? Mind ? Hon , don 't check out without the baggage . Mind . Mind . Mind . Little Pooter . Heh . Mind . [ SQUEAKING ] Hello , everybody . - What 's wrong with Mindy ? - I don 't know , Grams . All I did was ask her to marry me and , boom , she 's got the personality of lint . - Marry ? - Yes , sir , I think ... Marry my daughter ? Oh , yes , thank you for your blessing . Blessing ? I 'll give you a blessing . Wouldn 't hit a man standing behind a woman wearing glasses , would you ? CORA : Married . You know , I think that we three should have a talk right now . - Come on . - Okay . I don 't think we should neglect Mindy like this . - Honey , come on . - Hi , Dad . You know , Pops , wherever Mindy goes , I go , because basically we 're a unit , right ? Okay , but since we 're almost family , I can make one exception . Now , honey , let me see if I can ... I can say this tactfully . Mork is an alien . He 's an extraterrestrial being . A UFO with legs . CORA : Oh , pipe down , Fredzo . You don 't mind having that alien sit on your television so you can bring in 20 extra channels . A television antenna is one thing , a son-in-law is another . Don 't talk to me about a son-in-law . Come on , you two . All right . Technically , we all know Mork isn 't exactly human , but he has a lot more humanity in him than anyone I 've ever met . He 's sweet , he 's charming , he 's sensitive , and I love him . Uh , Mindy , you loved Oliver too , but you got over him . Oliver was a goldfish . And he went belly-up . Will you talk some sense into him , please ? Oh , Mindy dear , we all love Mork . Yes , and we don 't mind if he still likes to chase cars or sit on his face , but you see , you mustn 't let love spoil your judgment . Mindy , any mixed marriage is rough . Yes , but I 'm afraid this one is impossible . Mindy , look at the facts . Mork can never support you . So I 'll be the breadwinner . I want a career . What happens to your career if he 's transferred to another planet ? I 'll commute . Mindy , think . Mork is an Orkan and he 's aging backwards . You 'll be on Medicare , he 'll be on pablum . Dear , you will never be able to have a normal life . And what about having a family ? The chances are , you can 't . Oh , Mindy , we don 't like to see you cheated out of having something as precious as children . Honey , it 's your decision , and we just want you to be realistic . And sometimes that 's the hardest thing in the world . I always thought my life would be like a Doris Day movie , not Barbarella . How do I weigh what I feel against what I know is logical ? Honey , I think you know exactly what has to be done . MORK : Will you folks talk a little louder ? I can 't hear a word you 're saying ! This is gonna be a lot harder than it was to flush Oliver down the toilet . Mind , you 've been in there all night . Are you gonna come out ? MINDY : Yes . Yes . She said , " Yes . " [ SHOUTING ] Mind , Mind , Mind . Oh , yes , Mind , Mind , Mind , look . [ HUMMING ] Oh , Mork . Wait , wait , wait . Oh , Mork , it 's a beautiful ring . - Look at the jewels , they 're sparkling . - Uh-huh . - They 're glittering . - Mm-hm . - They 're moving . - Yeah . Those are his eyes . He 's blinking . - Him ? He 's alive ? - Yep . Oh , don 't do that . You 'll give him whiplash . See , the nice thing about it is , if you drop it , he 'll follow you home . It 's a very nice ring , but I can 't accept it . You don 't want the engagement ring ? - Oh , Mork . - Mind ? It 's not the ring . See , Mork , sometimes in life , no matter how much you dream or you wish for something , it just can 't be . I guess what I 'm really trying to say is , I can 't marry you . Pshaw , Mind , it 's a joke , right , like the volunteer Army ? [ LAUGHING ] Rejection . Okay . You don 't wanna be Mrs. Mork ? Mind , Mind , Mind , but ... Mind , will you give me one reason why we can 't get married , bicker , and learn to play canasta for the rest of our lives ? I can 't lie to you , and it really hurts me to have to say this . - It 's because you 're an alien . - And ? And ? And that 's it . Don 't you see ? We 're from two completely different worlds . Oh , Mind , Mind , that never affected , like , Grace Kelly and Prince Rainier . I mean , Pocahontas and John Smith , or Mickey Rooney and pick-a-number . Mind , come on now . Mind , I 'm not gonna give up . - No way , like glue , I 'm stuck on you . - Oh , come on . Deep down inside , you know there 's probably a barrier that shouldn 't be crossed . Yeah , but you said you loved me , you know , love me . You know , L-O-V-V . Mork , I said that and I meant it , but I 'm sorry , my mind is made up . Oh , but , Mind , you took more time to make up your mind about your bathroom wallpaper . I mean more to you than that , don 't I ? You do . Well , just ... Well , just take some time , you know ? I mean , just 24 hours . Please , Mind , Mind , Mind , please . [ SINGING ] Please , oh , please , oh , please All right . Tell you what , tell you what . It 's 11 : 59 now . Because I like what you stand for even when you 're sitting , I 'll give you the extra minute and make it midnight tomorrow night . Okay , but I can 't promise anything . - Right . - All right . Good night . Good night . Remember , you changed your mind about the wallpaper . [ HUMS ] MORK [ ON RECORDING ] : Mork promo , take one . You will marry Mork . You love Mork . Mork loves you . Mork is great . He 's a today kind of guy . JAKE : Lock up when you leave . - Jake ? - Hmm ? Let 's have a heart-to-heart talk . You and I haven 't had one for a long time . We never had one . Well , then I guess we 're overdue . See , I have this really important decision that I have to make in about two hours . Now , logically , I know what the answer should be , but emotionally , I feel exactly the opposite . You 've been around for a while . What do you usually do ? Do you think with your head or with your heart ? Mindy , a lot of people think of me as just old Jake the cameraman , that I care about nothing except staying in focus and going home early . They think I don 't care about anybody else 's problems because nobody cares about mine . Well , you know something ? They 're right . Never did like Old Jake . Mork , what are you doing ? Mind , I 've come to sweep you off your feet . - Oh , my God . - Give me your foot . Here we go . Ugh . Big lunch , Mind ? This is ridiculous . No , it 's romantic . We 're gonna ride off into the sunset . The sun set four hours ago . I guess we better haul it then . - Mork ... - Mind , Mind , Mind . Mork ! That 's all right , Mind . I 'll catch the next one . Well , you really topped yourself that time , Mork . Yeah , I guess you 've never ridden a pony through a car wash before , huh ? Boy , he scampered when he hit that hot wax . You haven 't had a date like that with an earthman . You 're right there . Mork , it 's almost midnight . I think we should sit down and talk . Mind , there 's enough time for the grand finale . Oh , Mork , you don 't need a finale . Oh , I sure do , and you 'll love this . Put the tape in the tape recorder down there , please . - This one marked Last Ditch Effort ? MORK : That 's it . Oh , Mork , you 've given me flowers and perfume and horses . What 's left ? Broadway ! Hit it , Mind . [ BROADWAY MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] [ SINGING ] Got my top hat Got my vest pressed All I need now is the girl Got my striped tie Got my hopes high Got the time and the place And I 've got rhythm All I need now is the girl to go with [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Hey . Hey , ho . Boy , they really screwed this game up when they added the ball , Mind . - Oh , no , Mork . - Mind . [ SINGING ] You see this guy This guy 's in love with you [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Seriously , where are you from ? [ SINGING ] Yes , I 'm in love What do I do to make you mine ? [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] You know it . [ SINGING ] Tell me now Is it so ? Don 't let me be the last to know Because ... I want to be happy But I won 't be happy Till I make you happy too [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Oh , no , Mindy , no . [ SINGING ] Life 's really worth living When you are mirth givin' Why can 't I give some to you ? [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] You know it 's true , baby . Oh , Mork . Did I close out of town ? Oh , Mork . Before I met you , the biggest choice I had to make in my life was whether to have my hair permed or fix the cat . This is the hardest decision I 've ever had to make . Maybe the decision 's been made for you , Mind . I mean , think about it . I crossed five galaxies , came to this little tiny planet and out of all those people in the world , you found me and we fell in love . Coincidence ? I say nay . Maybe some infinite intelligence in this cosmos as we peer out , realizes that we were meant to be married and all mankind . I wish I could believe that . I wish you could believe that too , Mind . I 'll send by Exidor to pick up my clothes . Why ? You don 't have to go . I don 't want you to go . You could go , but the lease is in your name . Just because we can 't be married doesn 't mean we have to end our relationship . I mean , why can 't we just go on being the way we are ? I love you . I couldn 't stay here knowing that you 'll never be mine . But it doesn 't have to be like that . If it were the other way around , could you stay ? No . Well , big kiss . I know how easily you run down , so don 't skip breakfast . And don 't forget to take your Femiron . MINDY : Mork . - Yeah ? Goodbye . Mork . You don 't want me to go , do you ? You can read minds too ? No , but I can read your face . Oh , Mork , if I married you , I 'd be giving up any chance I might have to have a normal life . But if I lost you ... - Will you marry me ? - What ? Will you marry me ? This is so sudden . I 'll need some time . MORK : Mork calling Orson . Come in , Orson . Mork calling Orson . Come in , Orson . Mork calling Orson . Come in , Your Battle of the Bulgeness . ORSON : Mork . - Sir . ORSON : Do you always have to report when I 'm eating ? Well , sir , I could wait , but the Earth 's sun does have a limited lifespan . ORSON : After that comment , you 'd better have an interesting report . Well , sir , you 're gonna decorate me for this one . You see , Mindy and I have signed up for a full lifetime term in the most noble of all institutions , marriage . ORSON : What ? Sir ? Do I detect a note of jealousy or are you coughing on a bone ? ORSON : Mork , no Orkan has entered into a marriage since our dark ages . You 've broken one of our most fundamental Orkan laws . Correct the matter at once . All right , sir . I 'll correct the problem . I quit . I abdicate my post for the woman I love . ORSON : Mork , you can 't abdicate . I 'm giving you an order . - Carry it out or else . - Oh , yeah ? I 'm marrying Mindy and you just try and stop me . [ ELECTRICITY CRACKLING AND MORK GRUNTING ] That 's a nice try there , sir . Don 't you understand though ? On Earth when man and woman love each other ... ORSON : Silence ! - Sir . ORSON : The matter is closed . Until next week , Mork . Na-no . Yeah , all right . Uh-huh . The old silent treatment , eh ? I am staying right on this spot until you let me marry Mindy . I have patience . I can wait . I once sat through an entire Bobby Vinton concert . Right . [ HUMMING ] Ripped By mstoll
