 MORK : Na-no , na-no . Ripped By mstoll Here , Grandma . Put this on your forehead . No , dear . I 'm feeling better now . All I want is a glass of water and a small Scotch . It 's 9 : 00 in the morning . I 'm not gonna serve you Scotch . Yes , yes . You 're right , dear . You 're right . Got any tequila ? Oh , Mindy , I 'll be all right . It 's just that I was so shocked at your changing your mind and deciding to marry Mork . But , dear , if that is what you want , then we are going to give you a most beautiful wedding . Well , thanks , Grandma . I just want a small wedding . You know , just family . CORA : Mm-hm . Uh , you 're gonna stay around while I break the news to Dad , aren 't you ? No . No , no , no . You don 't need me . Your father is a kind , loving , compassionate man . And , uh , he 'll understand . Well , that helps . Besides , I don 't wanna be here when he freaks . I feel like a hamster without a wheel . I mean , I feel like a scuff mark on the loafer of life . Would you mind if I broke every dish ? No ! Don 't break my dishes . - What about this tacky lamp then ? - Mork . - What happened to nonviolence ? - Mind , wake up . The ' 60s are over . Mork , why are you carrying on like this ? It 's really no big deal , except Orson forbids us to get married . Oh , he does , does he ? Since when can Orson tell us whether we can get married or not ? Since 2 million years ago when they outlawed marriage on Ork . Well , I hope you told him it 's legal here on Earth . You bet . - Then what happened ? - He lit me up like Times Square . Aah ! Oh , baby , what 's happening ? You know , things like that , Mind . Mork , you just can 't accept his decision . That really makes me mad . We 're getting married . We don 't have to get anyone 's permission . - Hi , everybody . - Permission for what ? Oh , uh , to tear the tags off the pillows . Ah . Why don 't you sit down ? And I 'll fix you a nice breakfast . - Eggs , Danish ... - Son-in-law . I 'll have a Danish . A son-in-law ? [ CHUCKLES ] Yeah . It 's not exactly the way I had planned to break it to you . But , uh , yeah , uh , Mork and I have decided to get married . Over my dead body . That 'll trip us , Pop , but it won 't stop us . Fred , that 's terrible . Oh , Mindy . I 'm so happy for you and Mork . You know what ? I wanna throw you a shower . No , no . No happy and no shower . Mindy , I can 't believe after our discussion that you would turn around and do anything this ... Stupid ? - Thank you , Mork . - You got it . Now , get out of her life . Dad , this isn 't your orchestra . You just can 't wave your baton and tell us what to do . Fred , pumpkin , why are you so against their getting married ? It 's obvious they 're in love . Cathy , sweet potato , I know what I 'm doing . Heh . Fred , poodle , that 's what you said just before you put the garage door on backwards . Look , Cathy , angel face , trust me . They can 't get married because Mork is from ... Uh ... He ... Uh , they 're from two different worlds . Fred , there 's no reason for us to get upset . I understand this is a talk between you and your daughter . I 'll go run some errands . You two discuss it calmly , and I 'll abide by your decision . Mindy , the shower is Saturday . Oh . Oh . Oh . [ LAUGHING ] Oh , idiot moi . Hey , obviously you and your dad , like , need some space here , okay ? And , uh , who am I to intrude upon your privacy ? That 's what makes me different from Allen Funt . I 'll just be up here knitting a Volkswagen . Upstairs . Remember Broadway ? [ SINGING ] Have great rhythm Now , look , Mindy , let 's just get one thing straight here . Yes , Dad , lets . Look , I love you very much and we sure would like to have your blessing . But we don 't need anyone 's permission to get married . You know something , Mindy ? You were a stubborn little girl and you 've grown into a stubborn woman . But I 'll tell you something . You 've got a lot of ... You got a lot of moxie . As a matter of fact , I 'd really be proud of you if you weren 't making such a tragic mistake . Okay , Dad . I 'm sorry you feel that way . This is gonna hurt me more than anything I 've had to do before , but if I have to , I 'll walk down that aisle alone . You will over my dead body . You have my blessing . Thank you , soft touch . Oh , thank you , thank you , thank you ! Oh , mon cher Papa ! [ MORK LAUGHING ] Oh , I love tweed . I love ... I 'm gonna be your son-in-law , and you can just call me Meathead . You can count on it . I better get back and turn that garage door around or Cathy will never forgive me . What have I done ? Well , Mork , I 've taken care of my half of the galaxy . The rest is up to you . You 've gotta talk to Orson . Mm-mm . Oh . No , no , Mind . No way I 'm gonna go one on one with the big O. If you deal with Orson the way I just dealt with my father , you can get him to change his mind . Mind , I 'd rather join the Libyan Air Force . Look , Mork , come on . You just gotta confront Orson . - And you 've gotta do it right away . - Mind . Look , Mork , our future is in your hands . Oh . You 're right , Mind . We have an industrial-strength love . I 'm gonna stand up to him ! [ SQUEAKING ] Mork calling Orson . Come in , your Winnebagoship . Be nice . Come on , Mind . Ors and I go back a long way . He was my Little League coach and the team bus . Mork calling Orson , come in , Orson . Mork calling Orson , come in , Orson . Come on out . Show your face . No one here ? Well , it 's always cheaper to call after 11 anyway . ORSON : What do you want , Mork ? I 'm in a hurry . I was just on my way to the Intergalactic Wine and Cheese Festival . Well , sir , this will only take a second . Remember what you said when I asked if I could marry the marvelous , mercurial Midwestern Mindy ? ORSON : Yes . I said no Orkan shall enter into marriage , especially to a lower life-form , one that still chews their food . I was hoping you 'd forgotten , sir , but ... I never really wanted to challenge your authority , and I hate to pooh-pooh your will , but there is nothing that you can do to stop me from marrying Mindy . ORSON : In that case , I 'm going to miss our little chats . Heh . Oh , just kidding , sir . You know , I don 't know what gets into my head sometimes . You know , I don 't really need to marry Mindy . Besides , her cooking tastes like insulation . ORSON : I 'm glad to hear you say that , Mork . But just remember , if you defy me , a hideous fate will befall you . For example ? ORSON : I will alter your molecular structure into a life-form that will be more obedient . Oh , ho . You want obedience ? Obedience are us . You say jump , I say how high ? You say run , I say how fast ? You say " Camptown , " I say " doo-dah . " ORSON : I 've heard enough , Mork . Hold your tongue . Yes , sir . You 've got it . [ MUFFLED ] [ GASPS ] Did I startle you ? Not as much as if you 'd been Ethel Merman , but ... What happened ? You told Orson , right ? You confronted him and told him that we were gonna be married ? Well ... He backed down , right ? Because you 're strong and brave with the courage of your convictions . Well ... And no force exists that can prevent us from being married , right , Mork ? Well , those were my words exactly , Mind . Um , you know , I told him I ... I really let him have it . I leveled him . - You did ? - I made him feel lower than the price of pork in Tel Aviv . Let 's just break out the champagne right now . Let 's celebrate . Let 's pop our corks . The shampoo is champagne ! You 're kidding , Mork ? We 're really getting married ? - Oh , yes . - Aah ! I can 't believe it ! I 'm so proud of you . ORSON : Mork has committed a flagrant violation of Orkan law . He will be severely punished . FRED : This is the big day . MINDY : Yeah . You want me to help you with that ? No , I can get it . I 'm not one of those nervous brides-to-be . Right . Honey . Honey , take it easy . Oh , honey , come on , sweetie . Come on , sit down , sit down , sit down . All right , now just take it easy , honey , and relax . Here , I have something for you . I gave this to your mother on our wedding day , and I know she 'd want you to have it . Oh , Dad , her gold four-leaf clover . Yeah . I hope Mork doesn 't replant it . It always brought us a lot of luck . Look who we got as a daughter . Aw , Dad , it 's beautiful . Thanks . And thanks for always being there when I needed you . And I always will be . - Just like that . - Just like that . Well , I guess I 'd better get to the chapel . Just think , in a little while you 'll be Mrs. Mindy ... Mork doesn 't have a last name . Uh , what are you gonna call yourselves ? Well , we 've been talking about last names . He 's torn between Travolta and Pittsburgh . But I think I can talk him into McConnell or Phoenix . Work on Phoenix . I 'll see you there . Mork , we 'd better get going . What are you doing in there ? MORK : Oh , I 'm just trying to work on my hair to achieve that John Davidson look . You can do that at the church . We really should have been there five minutes ago . Okay , you 're right . We don 't wanna be late , do we ? There 'd be 100 rabid bingo fans out there eating our smorgasbord . Can you give me a hand with the , uh ... Ah ! Oh , yeah , you 're probably gonna need some help with that , won 't you ? MINDY : What is that ? What ? Oh , this . Oh , it 's my morning coat . Remember the guy with the accent and the pins in his mouth . - No ! I 'm talking about the hair ! - Mind , I told you I was working on it . Not just the hair , the ears and the nose . Oh , that . Well , Orson 's just turning me into a dog . Come on , let 's go . Orson 's turning you into a dog ? Yeah . You 'll have to drive , Mind . I wanna stick my head out the window . Orson 's turning you into a dog ? Um , yup . Level time , isn 't it ? Well , Mind , um , I lied to you . He really didn 't give his permission for me to marry you . I made my bed , now I have to lie in it , if I 'm still allowed on the furniture . Mork , we are getting married in one hour . This is no time for jokes . Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! LBJ ! LBJ ! - They 're real ! - Of course , Mind . You don 't get this kind of quality from a novelty shop . I can 't believe it . This is happening . This is really happening ! Mork , we gotta do something . What can we do ? Well , I 'm doing it right now , Mind . Listen , I 'm using all my will to reverse the process . It 's simply a case of mind over matter . [ GROWLING ] Listen , we 're gonna have the wedding just as planned . I mean , he can 't turn me into a dog . [ DOORBELL RINGS , THEN MORK BARKING ] MAN : Telegram for Mindy McConnell . MINDY : Stop it . Sit ! Sit ! Leave them in the hall . Oh , Mork , it 's getting worse . Your hair 's getting longer and you were barking . I was ? Oh , Mork , I think you 're losing control of this . I think you 're losing the battle . Look at it this way , Mind . It might be just a bad cough . Could be worse . He might have turned me into a blowfish or a Stridex pad or a lounge singer . Mork , come on , you 've gotta fight . Try and stand up like a human . I can 't , Mind , but I can do this . How could Orson do this to us ? Quick , Mork , we 've gotta call him . Plug me into your mind with you and I 'll talk him into changing you back . Off ! What you have to do is stick your finger in my ear and with your other hand scratch my head . - I didn 't have to do that the last time . - But it sure will make me happy . Just call him . Mork calling Orson , come in . Mork calling Orson , come in . Where is Orson ? How can he keep us on hold like this ? Call him again , Mork . [ BARKING ] I guess I 'm in this by myself . Mindy calling Orson . Come in , Orson . Where are you ? This is an emergency ! ORSON : I 'm here , Earthling . What 's the problem ? Don 't they allow pets in your building ? [ SNARLS ] Down , boy . Mork , sit ! Out ! Out ! ORSON : Ah , you 've kept his name . I thought Scruffy would be more appropriate . How can you be so cruel ? You 've stripped him of his dignity ! You just can 't go around turning people into ... [ BARKS ] Mork , I 'm trying to make a point . Fetch , Mork ! I called the house . They don 't answer . I called the police , the hospitals . Nothing . They were behind me when I left them . I don 't know what happened . Oh , dear , I 'm getting worried . [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ] That 's gotta be Mork . Nobody knocks on a church door . It 's about time you answered . I was getting a headache . - Was he invited ? FRED : Unfortunately he 's the best man . I would have been here sooner , but it 's a little tough hitchhiking in this outfit . Interesting jacket . It 's a suit . I lost the pants crawling over the wall . Excuse me , did you see Mork and Mindy when you came in ? Not unless they 're wearing little red jackets and parking cars . You mean they 're not here yet ? Well , lucky for you I 'm an emcee . You were about to lose your crowd . Dear friends we are gathered here in this house of worship , just two blocks south of the House of Pies . And speaking of pies , would someone please explain to me what is meant by Black Forest cake ? Where is the Black Forest ? Do they have cakes hanging from trees in the Black Forest ? But most important , Padre , whatever happened to Forrest Tucker ? Orson , I 'm pleading with you . How can you do this ? If you give Mork back to me , he 'll show you the values of being human . ORSON : If I had emotions , I 'd probably be very touched right now . Then you 're not gonna change him back ? ORSON : He broke the law . Orson , we came here ... Mork . Mork ? Here boy ! [ BARKING ] All right , Orson . I just want you to know one thing . You may have changed Mork physically , but underneath all this fur , he 's still Mork . He risked everything for me so we could be married , and your little punishment isn 't gonna change my plans . I still love him and I 'm going through with this ceremony . ORSON : You 're going to marry a dog ? No , I 'm marrying Mork . [ GROWLING ] [ MINDY WHISTLES ] ORSON : We 'll see , but she sure is a spunky little alien . [ ORGAN PLAYING ] If you 're not busy after the reception , would you like to catch a white sale ? - I don 't think so . - I see . How about washing my hair ? Where 's the groom ? Who invited a dog ? Phillipe , you 're not supposed to be here . You 're supposed to be home taping the Ram game . Oh , forget it . Sit in the pew . [ WHIMPERS ] Hello . Uncle Ernie , you 're out on parole , good to see you . Aunt Tilly , bleached your mustache . Wonderful . [ PLAYING MENDELSSOHN 'S " WEDDING MARCH " ] Dearly beloved , we are gathered here today to join this man and this woman in the holy bond of matrimony . Be there anyone here who opposes this union , let them speak now or forever remain silent . Phew . The rings , please . Psst . The rings . Talk to one another . I 'll be right with you . I hope your next wedding 's casual . And now , instead of reciting the traditional vows , Mork and Mindy have a few words to say to one another . Mindy . Mork , when you entered my life , you brought me happiness , joy and laughter . My love for you transcends time and space . Grow with me , the best is yet to be . [ CLEARS THROAT ] Mind , you 're my friend , my love , you 're my life . Supposed to be more but the lady in the card shop said , " Buy or get out . " I don 't know the right words . Besides , I don 't think there are enough to describe how I really feel about you . " Love " is a small word but I think it covers so much . I love you . PREACHER : By the power vested in me , by the state of Colorado , I now pronounce you husband and wife . You may kiss the bride . Welcome to my world , Mrs. Pittsburgh . [ ORGAN PLAYING ] MINDY : I can 't believe it . We really got married . Just think , Mork . In 24 hours , we 'll be on a plane to Acapulco . MORK : Oh , Acapulco is tres passé , Mind , that 's for bottled water salesmen . We 're gonna spend 25 days and one beautiful night on Ork . MINDY : Ork ? MORK : Mind , Mind , Mind ... MINDY : I 've never been in outer space before . Will I even be able to breathe on Ork ? Beats me , Mind , but we 'll find out . Ripped By mstoll
