 A Toho Production GODZILLA " Daikoku Island , southern tip of the Izu Island Chain " " Three months after the Daikoku eruption " Hey . You all right ? I 'm fine . It 's no good , Captain . The helm won 't budge . Something 's strange about this tide . What ? Don 't be dumb . These waves aren 't enough to ... We 're heading to the islet ! This is the Yahata-Maru . I repeat , the Yahata-Maru . Our ship ... is in danger of wrecking ! Current position : west of Diakoku Island . This is a news update . Turbulent waves from a low-pressure system last night caused several vessels to run aground , Hey ! And an investigation by the Japan Coast Guard revealed that the number is expected to increase . Is anyone on board ? One of the suspected missing is a 77-ton fishing vessel Yahata-Maru , registered in the Misaki harbor . " Yahata-Maru " The vessel lost radio contact while sailing near Daikoku Island . Its whereabouts is currently unknown . He 's alive . He 's still alive ! Student ID Dept. of Science Electrical Engineering Division Hiroshi Okumura It was ... a monster . The island suddenly rose up ... like an enormous rock ... Except it was alive . Hold on a minute . Was it like that sea louse just now ? Or something else ? I saw something else ... The monster was shimmering in blue light . And it roared ... Did you get a good look at it ? It was so huge ... I couldn 't see all of it from the bridge . This is Maritime Security ! We 're saved ! This is Maritime Security ! Hey ! We will now initiate rescue procedures . Hey ! Please do as you are instructed by our crew . " Oshima , Izu " " Tohto Times " Do you think I made it up ? Stop kidding me ! Listen to me , Editor , that 's what the survivor told me ! He saw a gigantic monster a monster sea louse as well as nine mummified bodies . They are the evidence ! Editor , this is headline news ! Please understand how serious this is . Okay , fine . I 'll be there with the negatives soon . Okay . He doesn 't trust me at all . I wouldn 't believe in some " giant creature " either . Honesty , neither did I at first . Okay , take care . " Kanto No. 2 Police Hospital " Professor Hayashida ! Okumura-kun . You saw a monster ? Yes , I did . Professor ... , since being rescued , I 've told the Maritime Security , the police , and the people here over and over again . Why does nobody believe me ? Naturally . No one would believe it . The entire crew was killed ... and I 'm the only one left . This " monster " that he saw was ... Godzilla . Godzilla ? I know Okumura-kun well . He 's a trustworthy man . Head of the Cabinet Research Office Noboru Watanabe Having said that , even I couldn 't believe it . Besides , how can we explain the corpses found on the Yahata-Maru ? Their blood and bodily fluids were drained by a giant sea louse . As for why an insect that should only be a few centimeters was that big ... it 's because it fed on Godzilla . It probably reached that size by being continually bathed in the radiation that Godzilla emits from within . Why do you think Godzilla would suddenly appeared ? Three months ago , there was a large-scale volcanic eruption on Daikoku Island causing a series of violent tectonic activity awakening Godzilla to rise to the surface . " Official Residence of the Prime Minister " Godzilla ? Cabinet Prime Minister Seiki Mitamura I was hoping to finish out my term without incident . But , Mr. Prime Minister , Chief Cabinet Secretary Hirotaka Takegami Just because Godzilla is still out there , it doesn 't mean that Japan will be under threat . This is true , but ... Takegami-kun . Sir ? We 'd better treat this as strictly confidential . " Tohto Times " - They say it 's pretty popular now . - Your noodles are ready . - Thank you . - Where shall I put it ? Sir . Thank you . Appreciate it . Huh ? What gives , Maki-chan ? This is unexpected . Maki-ch ... Huh ? Editor . Why was this story dropped ? I want to hear a reason . Something 's come up . Let 's go see the Editor-in-Chief . " Editor-in-Chief 's Office " The official line of the Maritime Security Agency and the police ... is that the Yahata-Maru , with Okumura-kun and nine others aboard , is still missing . What does that mean ? The government is well aware the monster exists . But why keep it a secret ? The monster is ... Godzilla . Godzilla ? I knew it . Let 's suppose , Maki-kun , we do print your story , it would plunge the whole country into uncontrollable panic . The stock market would collapse . The cabinet would be out of power . For better or worse , just you keep it to yourself . I see . The government orders and you just obey . It 's a question of time and now 's not the time . Chief Cabinet Secretary Takegami has given us permission to reach out to Makoto Hayashida , a professor of bioscience . Hayashida ? Excuse me . Are you Professor Hayashida ? Who are you ? I 'm Maki from the Tohto Times . You , huh ? I heard about your story . What are you researching ? Genetic recombination of the common vinegar fly . Flies ... Genetic combination ... What does that have to do with Godzilla ? I understand you lost your parents in Godzilla 's attack thirty years ago . So then , your initial motive in studying Godzilla was out of hatred or revenge ? At first , yes , but now ... Professor , is Godzilla an animal ? A beast created through radiation ? A monster ? That seems to be the general consensus . It was man that created that " monster . " Mankind is far more monstrous . Godzilla could be said to be a nuclear weapon . Nuclear weapon ? A living one . It does as it pleases and continually destroys . What 's more , rumor has it Godzilla is immortal . So then , we just give up ? I didn 't say that . Godzilla is an animal . That much is certain . Excuse me . Do you know her ? Um , yes . What is she to Okumura-kun ? His younger sister . His sister ? Has she seen Okumura , then ? No , not yet . She hasn 't even been told he 's been rescued . Government 's orders . By the way , Professor , you 've seen Okumura-kun , haven 't you ? Is he still in the hospital ? Ah , thank you for earlier . How do you happen to know Professor Hayashida ? I 'm his student in the university . I 'm a part-time assistant in this research institute . So ... are you Okumura 's sister ? Yes . Are you a friend of his ? That 's right . Sorry , but what 's your name ? Naoko . Naoko-san , you must be worried about your brother . Do you have any other family ? He 's the only family I have . He works a few months a year on a fishing boat , knowing it will set him back in school . He does it to pay for my tuition and part of my living expenses . It 's unforgivable that the government ... shouldn 't even let his sister know ... that he 's alive . My brother is alive ? He 's being confined somewhere . Confined ... ? Why ? Because he saw Godzilla . The government fears a panic , so they 're keeping your brother confined . They 've imposed a media blackout . They ignore the feelings of Okumura 's family for the sake of national security . That 's why I have to tell you the truth . Maki-san ! He 's at No. 2 Police Hospital . Thank you . Please ! Let me see him ! - No visitors allowed . - I don 't care ! - Hey , wait ! - Please ! Wait there ! - Let go ! - You can 't ! - Let go of me ! - Wait right there ! - Naoko ! - Wait ! Brother ! I 'm sorry for making you worry . Thank goodness . Naoko . Stop it ! - Hey ! - I missed it . This is a scoop ! Just one more shot ! It 's a moving scene , right ? Please smile ! - Stop it ! - That hurts ! Let go ! We have permission from the Cabinet . See ? Jeez , come on ! All right , that 's good . Okay . Got it . We won 't publish this . Not now , at least . " Soviet Nuclear-Powered Ballistic Missile Submarine " Depth : 300 meters . Distance : 3 nautical miles Course : 12 degrees . It 's coming at increased speed ! It 's nearly to our depth and approaching from the starboard bow ! This is an attack ! Run an acoustic signature analysis , now ! It 's not one of ours , but not an enemy ! There 's no propeller noise . We do not detect any engine noise . Distance : 2.5 nautical miles . Speed : 40 knots . The enemy is emitting active sonar ! I don 't get it . Is it a whale ? Whales don 't have active sonar . Then it must be an American nuclear attack submarine , a Los Angeles-class . Distance : 2 nautical miles . Course : 12 degrees . We are going to crash ! Prepare torpedoes for launch ! Fire torpedo No. 1 ! Fire torpedo No. 2 ! Emergency dive ! Take us down to 400 meters ! Torpedo 1 was a direct hit ! Torpedo 2 was a direct hit ! The enemy isn 't returning torpedo fire . If this enemy wants to sink our sub , he should be prepared for all-out nuclear conflict . Captain ! The enemy is heading towards us ! Distance : 100 meters . It 's right above us ! Keep diving ! " Depth " The enemy ... it 's still above us . We 've got a leak on the starboard side ! Both propellers , full speed ahead ! Full speed ahead ! Foreign Minister Seiichi Emori Prime Minister , we have a problem . The Soviet Foreign Embassy has reported that one of its nuclear subs was sunk , south of Hachijo Island and fifty kilometers north of Aogashima . They 're asserting it was an attack by an American nuclear vessel . The Americans ? Have they admitted to the attack ? The State Department is denying it . We received an emergency message from our Embassy in Moscow The Soviets have have entered a full-scale red alert against America and NATO . According to Eastern European news sources , the entire Soviet military has already been ordered to a state of alertness alongside the Warsaw Pact armies , so that it can move to combat status at any time . Meanwhile , both the American military and the NATO Armed Forces have responded by moving to a clear state of high alert , with the situation becoming increasingly strained . This is ... Five minutes after the mayday call , a P-3C anti-submarine patrol aircraft took there photographs near this this spot where the russian submarine sank . I couldn 't believe it at first either . Mr. Chief Cabinet Secretary . Call the U.S. and Soviet ambassadors at once . Sir . Also ... we 're going to release everything we know about Godzilla . Recently , tensions between the U.S. and the Soviets exculated , but the results of our investigation have proved that America had no involvement at all with the sinking of the Soviet nuclear submarine . Thus , we 've managed to avoid conflict between U.S. and Soviet armed forces . The Soviet nuclear sub was sunk after having been attacked by Godzilla . This fact was learned via a Japanese P-3C anti-submarine patrol aircraft ... and confirmed through photos revealing beneath the ocean 's surface . Hey , what the heck ? ! It 's confirmed . Godzilla still exists . This was also confirmed through the testimony of Hiroshi Okumura , who miraculously survived despite being aboard the fishing boat Yahata-Maru , with which we lost contact on the 19th of this month in the waters around Daikoku Island . As a survivor ... the one thing I can do for my crewmates is ... to continue to vent my rage and hatred toward Godzilla . There 's no way I can forgive that creature for what it 's done . It 's unforgivable ! Hey ! Hold it ! " Godzilla Lives ! " " Godzilla Sinks Nuclear Submarine ! " " Will Godzilla Attack Japan ? " " Godzilla Has Returned ! " " A Miraculous Return , A Tearful Reunion ! " " I Always Believed my Brother was Alive ! He Alone Escaped Godzilla " Professor . Where 's Naoko-san ? Dammit ! Everyone is crazy because of Godzilla ! You might be a good journalist ... But ... I was wrong about you . " Godzilla Emergency Countermeasures HQ " Assemble the navy , the army and the air force and launch the counterattack against Godzilla . This concludes the explanation . Mr. Chairman . Does the JSDF currently have enough firepower to beat that creature ? I believe we do . Still , is there a weapon that can stand up to its heat ray ? We Do . The Super-X . " Super-X " ? It was developed in secret , for national defense . Armored with titanium . Its integrated circuitry makes extensive use of rare platinum . It was designed to withstand extremely high temperatures . What 's more , as part of our Godzilla countermeasures , we 're rushing to equip it with cadmium cannons . Cadmium can control nuclear reactions within atomic reactors . We 're certain it will be effective against Godzilla . Simply put , it 's a flying fortress . This giant outline is Godzilla . It 's probably eighty meters tall . Will it come to Japan ? That 's the problem . Godzilla seeks out radioactive material as an energy source . That 's why it attacked the nuclear sub . This is the island where you spotted Godzilla ... And this is where the sub was attacked . That 's pretty far from the mainland , huh ? But it will return . There 's no doubt about it . We have what it needs here . In a collective effort , the entire country prepares itself against Godzilla Godzilla ... Go-Godzilla ! " Shizuoka Prefecture - Ihama Nuclear Power Plant " It 's Godzilla ! Hurry ! " Ground Self-Defense Force " Mr. Prime Minister , due to the dense fog , we failed to detect Godzilla in time . - Keep filming . - Okay ! That 's the core of the nuclear reactor . " Radioactivity Indicator " Godzilla has absorbed the core 's energy . That monster ! " Godzilla Breaks through Defense Net , Attacks Ihama Nuclear Plant ! " " Dark Terror within the Dense Fog ! Nuclear Facility Destroyed " " Godzilla Absorbs Radiation and Returns to the Sea " " Fears Mount of a Return to Japanese Soil " Ah , thanks . Maki-kun . Okumura-kun . I 've theorized that the ancient dinosaurs had a homing instinct ... and now we finally have proof . So , Godzilla has that same instinct ? This area is magnetic . It 's like a radar that responds to the axis of the earth . It 's the same as with migratory birds . Birds ? I 'm sorry ... I 've been thinking about why Godzilla suddenly went back to the ocean after that incident at the nuclear plant . He drank up all that radiation till he 'd had his fill , right ? Sir . Migratory birds ... It was right when that noisy flock of birds headed for the ocean that Godzilla acted as if he was following them . That 's how it seemed to me . I 'm sure you 're right . Godzilla was chasing after that flock . Godzilla 's " magnetic area " reacted to those birds . Great . We can figure a way to use it against it . Okumura-kun . Sir ! I have an old friend , a geologist named Minami . Please meet with him and go to Mount Mihara . Sir . " Mount Mihara , Oshima " Hello , Hayashida Bioscience Institute . Oh , Okumura-kun ? It 's Maki . Yeah , okay . Sir ! It 's Okumura-kun . Okumura ... what did Minami say ? Really ? Is that possible ? As you can see , with a little pressure , the core will erupt . In theory , the principle is the same as with this liquid . Put simply , it is entirely possible to induce Mount Mihara to erupt . The problem is how to lure Godzilla to Mount Mihara . As has been made clear in the documents you 've been handed , we 're certain we can come up with an answer soon . I just don 't get it ... You 're saying you 'll use Godzilla 's " homing instinct " and some " magnetic area " and come up with a synthetic soundwave that will lure it in ? What 's more , even if it were possible to make Mount Mihara erupt , what about the problem of what happens to the people of Oshima ? There have been no incidents of magma crossing the volcano 's mouth and extending to its base . I think it 'd be best to leave Godzilla to the Self-Defense Forces . Let 's ask the JSDF for help , but also move forward with Hayashida-san 's plan . As for securing the people 's safety , we will ask the local , related agencies for their utmost support . That is all . Still , using a volcanic eruption to kill Godzilla for good ... I never would 've thought of it . There 's no way we can kill it . So , what do you plan to do with it ? Didn 't you sense it at the nuclear plant ? When it appeared 30 years ago , Godzilla was spoken of as a legendary monster - We 'll be leaving now . - Excuse us . When the world is in chaos , monsters appear . Many cultures have similar legends . The return of Godzilla means the world is going to be in turmoil . All I want to do is send Godzilla back to where it came from . That 's all . " Tehski , Special Envoy for the USSR " " Rosenburg , Special Envoy for the USA " The Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR is also resolved to using nuclear weapons to attack Godzilla . Mr. Prime Minister , here 's no alternative against Godzilla other than through the use of tactical nuclear weaponry . We ask for your nation 's consent ! Do we have permission ? The nuclear blast would be contained to a small area , and with the right inertial guidance , we could kill this monster . Are we in agreement ? If Godzilla should attack Japan , its next target could be any of us or the Pacific fleet base at Vladivostok ! Mr. Prime Minister , we need your answer ! Mr. Secretary of Defense ... The tactical nuclear weapons mentioned by the two nations , what scale are we talking about ? Well , they have ten kilograms combined between the two . I understand that 's approximately half of what was used on Hiroshima . Mr. Director General , should Godzilla reach Tokyo , how extensive do you think the damage would be ? It 's impossible to estimate . As a scientist , what would you say if nuclear weapons were used ? The area within three square kilometers would be obliterated . However , should the locals be successfully evacuated ... Put simply , the use of nuclear weapons would result in fewer casualties . At this point , I don 't think there 's any other option . Prime Minister Okura , I 'd ask that you not make this decision lightly . If we use nuclear weapons , how can we deal with the radioactive fall-out ? What 's more , do we even know that nuclear weapons will even work against Godzilla ? Should the capital be destroyed , Japan would fall into a state of semi-paralysis . It would seem you haven 't grasped that fact , Minister . What I 'm saying is , if we use nuclear weapons against Godzilla , would they really - ? No one can know . Not until we try . - May I say something ? - Please , go ahead . Tactical nuclear weapons work only in small-scale combat . The US and the Soviet Union have hesitated to use them in real combat . That 's why - You think they want to experiment on us ? Exactly . I see . So that 's why they 've agreed to be a part of this ? Mr. Prime Minister , should we decline their offer , Japan could face diplomatic isolation ... I thank you all for your input . Our country adheres to the Three Non-Nuclear Principles : the non-possession , non-production , and non-introduction of nuclear weaponry . It is my wish to preserve that policy in this situation as well . That shows the egotism of your country ! WE are the ones who had one of our subs sunk by Godzilla . We have the right to seek vengeance . It is the right time when principles are at stake . There is no such thing as " safe " nuclear weaponry . Besides , we have no proof nuclear weapons are going to work . But once we use them , who can say when they 'll be used again . If you would call Japan 's Three Non-Nuclear Principles " egotism , " then so be it . However , is not the Soviets ' and the Americans' desire to use nuclear weapons also egotism ? Well , gentlemen ? Then we 're out of options . I will speak with the leaders of your countries and serve as the final authority . " Soviet Nuclear Space Weapon " " American Nuclear Space Weapon " Mr. Prime Minister ... What did you say to their leaders ? " Should Godzilla appear in your countries , either America or the Soviet Union , should it threaten the capitals of Washington or Moscow , would you have the courage to use nuclear weapons ? " Both leaders saw my point . " Colonel Kasirin , Soviet Political Operative " Soviet Cargo Ship " Barashevo " Comrade Polkovnik , what are you doing ? After the meeting , the government called off the nuclear missile launch so this is no longer needed . We 've spotted Godzilla ! It 's moving underwater towards Tokyo Bay ! It seems certain Godzilla will land somewhere along Tokyo Bay . The JSDF plans an all-or-nothing attack against Godzilla , huh ? There 's talk of trying to get Godzilla to absorb a liquid cadmium solution . Would that even do anything ? I don 't consider Godzilla a nuclear reactor . I have no interest in that line of thought . - Pull up the new data . - Sir . We 're running out of time . No matter what , we have to finish this ASAP " Ground Self-Defense Force " Squadron 2 , commence operation . Copy that . Southeast Team , commence operation . Move it ! How is it ? Squadron 1 is a go . Nothing out of the norm so far . This is mobile command . Repeat , mobile command . Anti-sub choppers still have nothing on sonar , over . Mobile command to HQ . Repeat , mobile command to HQ . Godzilla still shows no sign of having entered Tokyo Bay . Colonel , we have to leave now ! It 's dangerous ! Run if you 're afraid ! I have to remove the control device for the nuclear missiles . I must stop it ! Let me find the strength ! Mr. Chief of Staff , what about the Super-X ? ! Sir . It 's currently being loaded with cadmium artillery . It will be airborne soon . Godzilla is heading to Kasumigaseki . It will pass through Nagatacho , Akiosaka and Aoyama . Residents should be alerted ... Godzilla is now heading for the Yotsuya and Shinjuku districts ! Any nearby residents , please evacuate immediately ! Sir , is it still not done yet ? Ah , Grab that data there for me . Okay . Godzilla is directly above us ! We have received word from the Godzilla Emergency Countermeasures group . Having reached land , Godzilla is currently in the Nagata area and headed toward Shinjuku . All inhabitants must evacuate to the designated shelter immediately ! This is Shinjuku mobile command unit calling HQ , over . This is HQ , over . We will now attempt to lure Godzilla per mission parameters , over . Mobile command , please transmit the location of your vehicles , over . Unit No. 1 is in front of the Sumitomo building . Unit No. 2 is to the rear of Chuo Park . Unit 1 , roger . Unit 2 , roger ! " Ground Self-Defense Force " Well , I guess this 'll do . So , no one 's around , huh ? Is this " I love Tokyo " ? Or " Welcome , Godzilla " ? Well , let 's see ... What 's this like ? The heck am I doing ? This ain 't some singles ' party like back in my college days . If I 'm gonna drink , nothing but Camus cognac will do . Don 't go walkin ' around like you own the place , you bastard ! Just ' cause you 're in Shinjuku doesn 't make you a big shot ! - Adjust it down minus one . - All right . Yes . We 've done it ! Sir ! A JSDF helicopter should be landing on the rooftop soon . - Okay . - Let 's hurry . - You okay ? - Yes . Naoko-san ! You all right ? - Yes . - It 's no good . The elevator 's not working . What ? Let 's take the stairs . Okay . Come on . Let 's go . " No Entry " Hello ? That tremor just now triggered the automatic locks . Damn ! Great ! Where 's the Super-X ? ! It 's just launched . Municipal Air Defense Fighter - Super-X Good . I 'll help . Cadmium rounds are ready to fire . Roger that . Launch the flare . Launching ! - Fire a cadmium round ! - Firing ! Fire ! Launch another flare . Fire ! " Time Remaining " " Min . Sec . " Hello , get me Foreign Minister Emori ! Sir ! We just got an emergency call from Ambassador Zasimov ! An unexpected incident caused one of their satellites to launch a nuclear warhead at Godzilla ! At this rate , it will strike Godzilla in about thirty minutes . In other words , a nuclear explosion in the heart of Shinjuku ! Thirty minutes ... How did this happen ? The warhead 's control mechanism was aboard a Soviet cargo ship in Tokyo Bay . When Godzilla destroyed the vessel , it apparently went off automatically . They had something like that on board ? So , the Soviets can 't control it ? They can 't destroy it in space ? They said that due to the trajectory , their missiles can 't strike it . That 's not enough time ! There 's no way we can evacuate the entire Shinjuku area in thirty minutes ! What are you talking about ? We 'll use the subways and underground complexes . Move as many people as you can ! Sir ! Mr. Foreign Minister . Sir ? Issue an emergency signal , request the US to shoot down the missile . Understood . Mr. Prime Minister ! We were able to plot the Soviet missile 's trajectory . This is the orbit of the Soviet nuclear attack satellite . The warhead was launched almost 200 kilometers above the Gulf of Mexico . Next , the warhead will make a half-orbit along its trajectory and enter the stratosphere , making a direct hit on the Shinjuku region where Godzilla is located . We did it . Yes sir , we did ! You 've all done well . Thank you . Please stay back ! Stay back ! It 's dangerous ! Please stay back ! Please don 't come near . It 's dangerous . You 're in danger ! Please stay back ! Stay back ! Sir ! Godzilla is ... ! It 's not dead . It couldn 't be . I wish I was at Mount Mihara ... This is an emergency broadcast . According to an announcement by the Godzilla Emergency Countermeasures Headquarters , a Soviet satellite has accidentally launched a nuclear warhead that is expected to detonate in the airspace above Shinjuku . Sir . a Soviet satellite has accidentally launched a nuclear warhead that is expected to detonate in the airspace above Shinjuku . a Soviet satellite has accidentally launched a nuclear warhead that is expected to detonate in the airspace above Shinjuku . All residents , please follow the instructions of your local authorities and evacuate as directed . Time is of the essence ! Please evacuate at once . Take shelter on the underground platform of the Marunouchi or the Shinjuku Lines , as well as the tracks themselves . I repeat : All residents ... America has arranged to launch an intercept missile . " Kadena Air Base , U.S. Air Force " The intercept missile has just been launched ! Six minutes until it reaches the nuclear warhead . They 'll strike in the stratosphere , approximately 70 kilometers above Tokyo . You all right ? ! Yes . I 'm fine . Dammit . Look , there they are ! It 's Okumura ! Brother ! Brother ! Brother ! Okay ! Brother ! Naoko . Okumura-kun , is that nuclear warhead really going to detonate ? The Americans launched an intercept missile to blow it up in the air . Don 't worry . I 'm sure they 'll destroy it . The turbulence is really bad . Hurry ! Go on , Naoko-kun . No sir , you first . Sir ! Hurry , here . Sir ! Sir ! Sir ! Are you alright ? I 'm fine . Naoko-san . You go , Brother . Give this to the professor . Okumura , we 're running out of time ! Go ! Maki-san , look after my sister . Brother ! Okumura-kun ! You okay ? ! The wind is too strong ! The chopper isn 't steady ! Mr. Prime Minister . The evacuation is underway ! Two minutes and counting . A missile has been launched to detonate the nuclear warhead in the stratosphere . However , there is still danger of a nuclear explosion occurring . Please continue with the evacuation . Professor Hayashida said we 'd be alright , but ... a nuclear warhead is flying right toward us . And I 'm sure Godzilla will awaken soon . Who knows if the helicopter can even make it to Oshima ? We 're going to die here . The warhead won 't go off , and I 'm sure the helicopter will make it . What 's going on ? This isn 't like you ! I 'm scared . I will keep you safe . Direct hit ! Mr. Prime Minister ! That outage just now was from the nuclear explosion in the stratosphere , creating a powerful electromagnetic shockwave . The rotors have stopped ! Commander ! The injector nozzles aren 't working ! - Just keep us stable ! - Sir ! Can we launch ? - Sir ! - Good . Commander ! We 're out of cadmium rounds . All we have is conventional weaponry . So be it ! We take off at once . Take off ! Hey ! HEY ! Excuse me ! Could you please hold the end of this hose ? Yeah , sure . Here we come ! - Go on . - No ! Do it ! Hurry ! And don 't look down . You okay ? Hold position ! Hold position ! You bastard ! Pretending to be dead ! Run ! You okay ? You all right ? Don 't think of this as a disaster . Think of it as an opportunity ! This one 's nice and light . Ow ... Hey , big fella ! Why are you messing around here ? You dumb bastard ! Dumb bastard ... Ow . Ow ... Get down ! Professor . Do you think it 's working ? It 's headed for Mount Mihara , isn 't it ? The professor did it ! I have to go , too . Let 's go together . Connections have been restored ! Godzilla is heading toward Oshima . " Caldera Base , Mount Mihara " Professor . Godzilla is headed this way . Fin
