 On July 20th , 1976 , the first unmanned spacecraft landed on the planet Mars . Mankind waited with intense expectation for the answer to the question that had puzzled him for centuries- - ls there life on Mars ? Those who had never believed the Red Planet was inhabited shook their heads knowingly , as if to say , " We told you so . " But believers pointed out that the instruments could only scan as far as the horizon . If the Martians had sent a space probe to Earth , they argued , they could have landed in even less promising terrain ... the middle of the Sahara desert , for example . On the whole , the nonbelievers won the day . However , if the spacecraft had only landed a few miles further on , things might have been different . It is January , 1999 , 23 years later , and preparations are almost complete for the first manned expedition to Mars . - Missile and internal D.C. ? - Affirmative . - Pressurization complete ? - Affirmative . Status check- - brain safety arm light on ? Affirmative . - Range ready ? - Ready . Minus-7 hours to liftoff of Expedition One . This mission is for unmanned main pad vehicle launch in departing orbit , to await crew mission linkup tomorrow . All rocket stage systems checks completed . Switching command to internal . Umbilical tubes separated and clear . Liftoff . Global motion . We have good movement . All systems go . Vehicle clearing tower . Trajectory within limits and okay . Main stage burn satisfactory . Completion level two reached now . - Here they come . - Any comments , Colonel ? Look this way , please , gentlemen . Easy does it , Burt . Where 's Spender ? I feel less worried about the launch than about confronting them . You won 't have to say too much . Just give them a nice enigmatic smile . They 'll be happy . Good afternoon . Any questions , please ? Yes ? Colonel , you 've been working on this project for 10 years now . How does it feel on the eve of the first mission ? I think you 'd better ask that after they 've made a successful landing . Yes . All our evidence points to the fact there is no life on Mars . Do you expect to find it any different ? No , but then we won 't be sure until we get there . Where 's York ? Captain York will be along any moment . As you all know , this is just the beginning of a major effort on the part of NATO alliance to explore the outer planets . Yes . Any last-minute changes , Colonel ? Yes , we have decided that Major Spender 's efforts would be of greater service here during the first trip to Mars . In the meantime , let me introduce Captain Conover , who is in charge of the scientific end of this expedition . Captain ? - Thank you , Colonel Wilder . - Keep smiling . When did you get news on the change , Spender ? This morning from Wilder . Well , don 't sweat it . It 's just internal politics . - You 'll make the next trip . - l 'd better , I 'll tell you that . The atmosphere on Mars , although thin by our standards , is certainly capable of supporting life . Oh , Captain York . I would like to conclude that the British have always endeavored to broaden the frontiers of human civilization by joining in these efforts . Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to introduce Captain York . How are you doing ? Don 't worry , John. I won 't spoil the moment for you . How many flights does this make , Captain ? This one will make my 24th liftoff . Tracking shows parking orbit established satisfactorily . John , I 'd like you to have a look at these when you 've got a minute . Oh , yeah . Right . Don 't forget brunch Sunday . Ruth and I are expecting you . That a military command , sir ? No , just an order from your elder brother . Be there . Yes , sir . Status check- - command on internal ? Affirmative . - Telemetry and launch conditions ? - Affirmative . Well , I wish I were going with you . If I know you , Colonel , you 'll be up there in a year 's time . Maybe we 'll all be up there someday . - Good luck . - Thank you , sir . And our prayers go with you . Test telephone switch to arm . Arm light on . - Pressurization complete ? - Affirmative . Switching command to internal . Launch tank is secured ? Launch tank is secured . All recorders and oscillographs to fast . Bernier start . Fore tank pressurized . Spent fuel contact pressurized . Ten ... nine ... eight ... lgnition ! Main stage . ... four ... three ... two ... one ... zero . Clearing tower . Have global liftoff . Yo , honey ! Keep going , baby ! Burn looking good . We 're on our way . - Turnover initiated . - We have it . One thousand feet . Looking good . You confirm you have telemetry . Online light indicating ? Affirmative . We have green telemetry . Roger . We have it back now . We have green , all systems . Burn normal . Some vibration during Mach-1 transition . We copy . Roger . Downrange tracking good . You are go for standard injection engine and good rendezvous input status . Roger . We have lock-on for automatic docking sequence . Roger . Forty feet , green . Twenty feet , green . Closing , one foot per second . lncreasing . Final sequence . Probe contact engaging ... Locked . Preparing transfer to main craft . They live in a house of crystal pillars on the planet Mars , by the edge of an empty sea . In the evenings , when the fossil sea is warm and motionless , Mr. Kay sits in his room listening to his book . York . York ? I 'm so sorry . I heard you cry out . Tell me what did you encounter ? I had a- - l had a dream about a man . He is not from our world . I have never encountered a thought like it before . He came down from the sky and spoke to me . He said , " We are from the third planet . " My name is Nathaniel York . There are two of us in this ship . " Go on . He said , " We come from Earth . That is the name of our planet . " He used another language , but my mind was able to translate it . is it possible that there are people on the third planet ? Our scientists have made it abundantly clear that there is too much oxygen in the atmosphere to sustain life . Wouldn 't it be fascinating if there were people ? Injection looking good . Do you have vibration ? Negative . Smooth burn . We are nominal on all systems here . Confirmed . Transfer to descent stage . Affirmative . Counting down for separation . We read you . - Undocked . - Roger . Separation normal , moving away . Five feet . We have clear view of the main craft . Looks in pretty good shape after that trip . We copy . We 're right on track , sir . If everything is go , we 'll be on the surface at 0400 . Everything is a go from our end , Captain . This will be our last transmission until we pass around the back side and regain direct control . Over . We read you . Have a safe landing . Thank you , sir . Yes . York . York . You 've been dreaming again . The same dream ? Yes . The ship coming down from the sky again . The tall man York stepping out to speak to me . He said ... He said I was beautiful . It was only a dream . Was it ? is that all there was to it ? No . What else ? He told me he would lure me away in his ship back to his planet . Even kill for me if he had to . - lt 's a sign . - A sign ? There really is a ship from the third planet . But you said- - lt will land in Green Valley , won 't it ? You don 't have to tell me . I heard every word you spoke in your sleep . Even the time . Forgive me . I 'm sorry . It was only a dream . Of course . We 're about to set down . Carefully . Don 't worry. lf we meet any hostile Martians , I 'm ready for them . Don 't start any wars up there . Actually , sir , I think there 's less chance of that up here than down on Earth . Touché . You 're very interested in the sky tonight . It 's very beautiful . Are you going to town ? It 's the night you usually go . No. I have other , more pressing matters to attend to . I 'll be back soon . Where are you going ? To Paya 's . She invited me . She lives in Green Valley , doesn 't she ? You know where she lives . I 'm sorry , Eila , but you can 't go . I 'm sorry but you must stay here tonight . I have an important mission to perform . You must stay here and inform Tria in case I don 't return . Will you stay ? If you want me to . Please , don 't use that . is there not some other way ? One is justified in killing when it is essential . When one is protecting . Protecting ? One 's home , one 's ... land . One 's world , perhaps . From what ? From whatever endangers it . Furthermore , this weapon is clean . By releasing these bees I merely speed them on their way . But someone ... things can get destroyed in the process . Naturally . And it could be you . That also ? The mask of conflict ? Stay here . She cannot look at him . She thinks only of the tall stranger from another world , but outside is only the empty desert , and the bright stars coming out on the black sky , and far away , the sound of water stirring cold in long canals . Expedition One , this is Mission Control . Do you read me ? Come in , please , Expedition One . Expedition One , come in , please . Expedition One , do you read me ? Expedition One , this is Mission Control . Come in , please . Expedition One , come in , please . This is Mission Control . Expedition One , come in , please . Do you read me , Expedition One ? This is Mission Control . Come in , please . I 'm considering a recommendation of discontinuance , John . Discontinuance ? General , we 're committed to this project . We may just have lost York and Conover . And maybe not . It could be their equipment . It could be interference from the Martian atmosphere . Do you think such a recommendation would be accepted ? I don 't know . My guess is , we 'll be expected to send up an expedition within the year . And you feel comfortable about that ? It doesn 't matter whether I feel comfortable with it or not . We can 't stop now . We 're talking about an entire planet that might be colonized . Maybe . The way things are going here on Earth , maybe it ought to be given consideration . That 's why I want to lead the second expedition . Out of the question . You know what I mean , John ? Your importance as project director rules out any question of your going to Mars . Oh , Colonel , may I talk to you about the next expedition ? Sure . I know there was a reason why I wasn 't on the first . Don 't look for a special reason . There wasn 't any . I 'll do everything I can to get you on it , provided there is one . You think there might not be ? I fear there might not be . Why fear ? is it so important ? You know it is . Personally , I think we should hold off . However , if the project does go , I want to be a part of it , yes . You know there 's always a risk of losing lives . Sure I know that , but that 's not what bothers me . What is it , then ? Hey . John , what if , despite all that we believe there really is life on Mars ? Have we the right to invade their world ? invade ? Should I say colonize ? What 's wrong with colonization ? Of course if there were life on Mars , that would change everything . I doubt very much if there is , though . Not life as we know it . Anyway , let 's hope we get a chance to find out . The ship comes down from space without Wilder , without Spender . It has traversed the black velocities , encountering ancient moons like a pale Leviathan slipping through an otherwise empty sea . It has come down from the stars , in the shining movements , in the silent gulfs of space . It is a new ship . It has fire in its body and three young men in its metal cells . The second expedition to Mars has arrived . God in heaven . I 'll be damned . I 'll be damned ! Hold it . Let 's examine this before we move any closer . Now , is it feasible that two planets could evolve the same way ? Clapboard houses ... a church steeple ... ? Elm trees ? Maples ? York and Conover- - maybe that explains it . Explains what ? This ? The last radio transmission from York and Conover came in on the day they reached Mars . If they were still alive , they would have made some effort to contact Earth , and even if they were alive and had decided for some unknown reason to build a town like this , how could they do it so soon ? Look at those trees . Some of them are a century old . No . No , this is something different . This is something completely different . Let me tell you something . I was born in a town called Green Bluff , Illinois . And that town looks so much like Green Bluff it frightens me . Sir , maybe Mars has evolved in the same way as Earth . Maybe there are identical civilization graphs on every planet in the solar system . This could be the greatest discovery of the age . No , that just couldn 't be so . Whatever it is , we can 't just stand here and speculate . We 've got to analyze it on the spot . Listen . Let 's go . Let 's try that house . It looks as though an entire town from Earth has been transported to Mars . There 's only one way this could have happened . Sir , it has to be that space travel began before the first World War . No , that 's just not possible . What if there were people in 1905 , say , who hated war and got together with some scientists in secret ? Such a thing could never stay secret . What other explanation is there ? They 've just cut the grass . Sir ? Nothing , Hinkston . I don 't believe this . Can I help you ? You 're speaking English . Are you selling something ? What town is this ? Green Bluff , Illinois , of course . And the year ? 1979 . That 's over 20 years ago . Are you census takers ? That why you 're in uniform ? We are from Earth , and this is Mars . Young man , this is Green Bluff , Illinois . - lf you 'll excuse me now . - Wait . I 'm sorry. I have things to do . But I don 't understand . How ... ? Sir is it possible we went through a space warp or something and landed on Earth as it was 21 years ago ? We 're not on Earth . The air 's too thin . You 're right . It 's got to be that space travel started long before we think it did . The people built this town to look like the one they 'd left . She called it Green Bluff , Illinois , where l was born . What if Sam is right , sir ? What if there was space travel a long time ago , and the people that came here became so homesick for Earth it resulted in some sort of mass psychosis ? And what if the woman in this house just thinks she 's on Earth ? That could be it . Hypnosis , passed through generations . - No , no . - What else could it be ? This is Green Bluff . I know this town . And I think ... I think I know ... What is it , sir ? - l think ... - What is it , Captain ? I know that man . Arthur ! Edward ! It 's you , Arthur ! You ! Edward ? Yes , Edward . But you died when I was only 19 . Mom 's at home . - Mom ? - Dad , too . They 're alive ? No , that 's not possible . Why fight it ? Here we are . That 's all that 's important . We 're alive again no questions asked . Mars is heaven ? Who knows ? As mom always says , who are we to question ? We have a second chance . Right back in that house on old Oak Knoll Avenue . Bet I can beat you to the front porch ! Oh , yeah ? Wait a minute , Captain ! You can 't go off like that ! - David ! - Grandma ! Lustig ! Sam ! Sam Hinkston ! Aunt Thelma ! I beat you ! It 's this thin air . Mom ? Mom ! It 's all right , dear . It 's all right . You 're home now . You 're home . Arthur ! In the darkness of Mission Control , the fate of the second expedition is in doubt . There 's been no transmission from Mars for over 12 hours . - Do you want some ? - Yes , please . Dad . I know. lt 's my favorite . Mom , would you ... ? I know you 'll want some . I knew you 'd like it . How is it , son ? Fantastic . I still don 't believe it 's true . I 'm gonna wake up in the morning and be on my ship in space , and all this will be gone . Don 't think like that , son . Let 's just be happy . Okay , Mom. I 'm sorry . But I do have to go back to the ship , just for a little while . Oh , not tonight , Arthur . Not if you want the surprise that 's coming by later . - Surprise ? - Mm-hmm . Gets in from Chicago in ... in less than an hour ! Marilyn ! Do you mean Marilyn Becker ? Well , if I answered that , it wouldn 't be a surprise . But how can that be ? They sent her away just to forget about me . I know . If you go back to your ship tonight , you 'll never know what the surprise was . Well , I really think I ought to check up on it . I don 't think anybody else is there . No one will touch it , my son . Do it in the morning , pal . Why not ! Good ! Oh , Mom , you look so tired . Guess I am . It 's been quite a day . It sure has . And your bed 's still there whenever you 're tired . After your surprise . Good night . I just can 't believe it , Marilyn . But you have to believe it , Arthur , because it 's true . But how could you arrange it with your folks ? By telling them I didn 't care about getting my allowance cut off . It 's incredible . Or not being able to go to Europe with them next summer . How could you do that ? It was easy , because the one thing I got out of college was finding out what I don 't want . Like rooting at a football game with some freshman when I could be here with you . You 're not sorry , are you ? That I 'm here ? Sorry ? My God , no . It 's just that ... I 'm surprised your father hasn 't had me locked up . I 'm just plain old Arthur Black from the wrong side of town . You 're my Arthur Black . And I 'm going to see to it we both stand up to him . All I ever needed was a little encouragement . You 're getting it now , Arthur . It is . It 's just the way I remember it . It feels so good . Get your pajamas on . It feels fantastic . Boy , am I tired . Marilyn Becker . Good night , Arthur . Good night , Edward . Edward , I was just thinking . Thinking is bad for you . What if ... What if we actually have landed on Mars , okay ? So this small Illinois town is not really an Illinois town . And ? And these people are not my friends not my family . They 're Martians disguised to look like Earth people . And my mother is not- - ls not our mother ? Then what about me ? Then you 're not my brother Edward . No , Arthur , I 'm not . Suppose there were Martians . And they saw a rocket ship landing and had no defense against its weapons . Suppose they used the only real defense they had . Telepathy . Suppose they picked up the childhood memory of a town from the captain of the ship . What ? Suppose the town was deliberately populated with the most loved people from the memories of all the ship 's crew . People like Marilyn Becker . All the men seeing mothers , aunts , uncles , fathers , sweethearts , dead ten , twenty , thirty years ago abandoning their ship . Would there be any other way to divide and overcome invaders ? You couldn 't disguise the air . No , we couldn 't disguise the air . I can 't move . The chocolate pudding was drugged . Except , of course , you only thought that it was chocolate pudding . Your death will be painless , Captain . Why ? A proper question , Captain . We are not a violent people . The members of your first expedition were destroyed by a husband who convinced himself the jealousy of his wife was actually concern for his planet 's welfare . This is different . We are joining forces to destroy three lives . Why ? Because we fear for our existence . We have seen your weapons . More , we have looked into your minds and seen the violence there . We have witnessed in your minds what your kind have done to Earth how your society trembles on the verge of self-destruction , seeking to find a solution to its own troubles on other worlds , rather than solve them on its own . We cannot permit that on our world . Forgive us , Captain Black . Once we were an honorable people . Now see the depth to which we have inexorably fallen . To murder out of fear . Forgive us . The Martians , still under the influence of the thoughts and memories they have taken from the minds of the Earthmen , dig three neat holes , and perform an alien ceremony from a strange and distant world . " He restoreth my soul . " He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness " for His name 's sake . " Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , " l will fear no evil , " for Thou art with me . " Thy rod and Thy staff , they comfort me . " Thou preparest a table before me " in the presence of mine enemies . " Thou anointest my head with oil . " My cup runneth over . " Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me " all the days of my life , and I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever . " But slowly , very slowly , the thoughts and memories fade away like a long , dying echo . The Martians go back to their own city of crystal windows and fragile towers , shedding their human forms as nightmares fade into a new dawn . - Here 's your margarita , Bill . - Thanks , John . Cheers . Listen , I don 't suppose you 'd reconsider heading up this mission . I reconsider every time you ask . There 's no alternative- - unless you want to take my place . Not this time . It 's too damned dangerous . That 's enough , you two . Let 's not discuss business tonight , okay ? Here 's your drink . - Hey , look who 's here . - lt 's Sam and Jeff . I can 't seem to shake you two . You 'd better get used to it , Colonel . Well , how are you , lovely lady ? I 'm not the only one who knows about this place , I see . - Join us for dinner ? - No , wouldn 't think of it . - Elma 's cooking tonight . - How about you , Jeff ? I 'd love to--if you ladies don 't mind , that is . - No . - Not a bit . We won 't be seeing you for quite a while , I guess . - Colonel . - Then it 's settled . - Can I get you a drink , Sam ? - That 's what I came here for . I want you to know I went over the final checklist today . Everything 's in order and all set to go . You tested the gyroscope ? Sure did . Double-checked it . Good . How about a drink ? Yeah , I 'll have a ... tomato juice . Tomato juice ? Come on , it 's your last night . - Tomato juice is fine . - All right . Okay . It really doesn 't bother you , the thought of flying all the way to Mars ? No , not at all . No . Excuse me . One of these days , you 'll all be making the trip . Sam . Not Bill . He 'd never leave without me . - Would you ? - l might . No , she 's right , Sam . I 'm strictly a Mission Control pilot . I never had my brother 's instinct for defying gravity . Well , he won 't have to leave without you . Once we find our way there , it 'll be a family scene . You don 't think I 'd be any good for more than a few weeks without my Elma , do you ? No . Do you really feel that way , Jeff ? Yes , I do . Do you think it 's right that we should move in on any planet , whether or not it 's populated ? We wouldn 't be moving in as conquerors . Wouldn 't we ? Haven 't we always ? I 'm not qualified to answer that , but I do know that John doesn 't think of himself as anyone 's conqueror . Only yours , honey . - And no one else 's . - l should hope not . I think I 'll join that argument over there . Thanks for the drink . - How you doing ? - Okay ... considering . These hors d 'oeuvres are delicious . I 'm going to have to hire that chef for my restaurant . - You have a restaurant ? - No , not yet but I plan to open one as soon as I finish my tour of duty . Nothing spectacular , you understand . Just ordinary food--French fries , hamburgers , hot dogs . I didn 't know you were into gourmet food , Sam . Gourmet food , Jeff ! I think our table 's ready . Now , look , hold it . Before we start , I 'd like to make a little speech . I want to wish you three guys the safest of journeys . May God watch over you and protect you on your mission . - l 'll drink to that . - Thank you . - Amen . - Thank you , Bill . Aren 't you coming to bed ? In a while . Hey . It 's all right . It 's going to be all right . I wish it were . I 'm not going to ask you not to go . I know you have to . I know you do . But two expeditions have failed , John . Why another ? Why ? I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't have asked that . I know it doesn 't help . We 're not going to fail this time . I promise you . This time ... This time we 're going to make it . There was an eerie stillness when they first set up camp in the dry cold of a Martian night . Now they stand around the fire waiting and wondering . I wonder how long this city 's been deserted ? We don 't know it is deserted . Well , just look at it . Check it out ? Not yet . Wonder what happened to the other two expeditions ? Looks peaceful enough down here . We don 't know that , either . Wait a minute . What 's with all the gloomy talk here ? We made it . We 're safe . We should be celebrating . How about if I break out the liquor rations now , sir ? Let 's wait till Spender gets back and we know it 's safe . It looks safe enough to me . Wonder if it 's possible there 's still living Martians there ? Looks to me as though this civilization died a long time ago . But who knows ? Yeah , who knows ? Who the hell knows ? What happened to the other expeditions ? Hey , Cookie , come on , where 's that coffee , huh ? Right , okay . Coffee , let 's go . Here we go . Okay . Cookie , Cookie , Cookie . You know , if Mars is ever colonized a man could make himself a fortune here . A fortune ! What , build himself a restaurant ? Why the hell not ? People got to eat . Well , I 'm not building anything . If that don 't work , and I get home in one piece , maybe they 'll throw a big parade for me . Maybe I 'll star in their TV commercials . Hell , I can be sincere as the next fella . I cashed in on this here trip . - Sam , you 're all heart . - You betcha . Hey , that 's Spender . Well ? That city there 's been dead for about a thousand years . Same applies to three other cities in the hills . But a fifth one about 70 miles from here ... Yes ? There were Martians living in it last week . What do you mean last week ? Where are they now ? Well , they 're dead . Dead ? I went into a house there thinking the city had been empty for a thousand years or more . Inside , there were bodies like piles of autumn leaves , like dry sticks or stacks of burnt newspaper . I would say dead ten days at the outside . Then I went into towns and cities within a hundred-mile radius , and four out of five had been empty for a thousand years or more , but the fifth one always contained the same things- - bodies . Can you tell what they died of ? You won 't believe this , but as near as I could figure , they probably died of chicken pox . Chicken pox ? Only it did things to the Martians it never did to people on Earth . We may not know what happened to those first two expeditions , but we know now what they unintentionally did to the Martians . - And you saw no sign of life ? - No , sir , I didn 't . I suppose it 's possible that some escaped to the hills , but I doubt it , though . And if that were true , there wouldn 't be enough of them left to make any difference . I would say as far as the Martians are concerned this planet is finished . You know , a race creates itself for a million years , refines itself , does everything it can to give itself respect and beauty , and then it dies- - part in its own time , with dignity , as it should be , but the other part ... Does it perish of some majestic affliction ? No , it doesn 't . It dies of a disease that does not kill the youngest child on Earth . It 's like saying the Greeks died of mumps . Or the Roman Empire was decimated by athlete 's foot . All right . Why don 't you get yourself some food , Jeff ? Some food ? Yeah , that 's right , Spend . Food . Drink . Come on , relax a little , huh ? Get out of here , Briggs ! This guy . How about those drinks now , sir ? Maybe you 'd better . Hey , Cookie , come on , gimme . Let me tell you about New York City . Last I was in New York City , I had this terrific blonde- - no , a redhead . The blonde was New Jersey . That 's exactly what I 've always said about you , Briggs . You don 't know your armpit from that hole in your face . Oh , yeah ? Jenny , Jenny , Jenny . - Whiskey , whiskey , whiskey . - Oh , yeah ? Hold it , fellas . You ready for this ? Come on , boys , get to it . Come on , kick ' em up there . That 's it . That 's it , a little more of that . Up higher . That 's it . Get ' em up higher . Come on , girls . Let 's have a little dance here . You look terrific . What a pair ! Come on , girls , a little more . Come on , higher , higher . Come on , let 's go here . Whoo , boy . A little more to drink I think , huh ? Come on , girls , higher , higher . Come on , I get you a drink , you kick higher . I love it. lt works . Hey , come on , we need a little more of that . Got a garbage detail going out here . Hey , where you going , Briggs ? Come on , boys . A garbage detail going out here . Come on , get ' em together . Are you coming or what ? Let 's go . I christen thee Briggs Canal . Briggs Canal . Hey , boys , Briggs Canal . Briggs , you 're polluting the river ! Jeff ! Hey , Spender , come here ! Spender , you son of a- - - You son of a- - - All right , all right . I 'll take care of it . Get him some dry clothes on . I 'll take you back to the ship . Suppose you explain yourself . I don 't know . I don 't know . I was ... ashamed . Ashamed ? Of Briggs . Of all of them . It 's been a long trip . A long trip , and it might well have been fatal . Do you begrudge them some release from that ? After what I said about the Martians ? A civilization dying ? They didn 't see what you saw . You can 't expect them to feel the same way you feel . Where is their respect , sir ? Their sense of what is right ? I don 't follow you . Something horrible has happened here , and we are responsible . We are ? We sent up those expeditions . - Oh , Jeff ! - Well , didn 't we ? Of course we did , but what happened was unforeseen . You really think we would have sent up those expeditions if we 'd known ? Yes , I do . Absolutely . And they know it . Doesn 't it bother you , the idea of them watching us make fools of ourselves ? - Who ? - The Martians ! You said they were dead . But doesn 't an old thing know when a new thing arrives ? What are you talking about ? Ghosts ? I just believe in things that were done . And there were so many things done here . Streets and houses and books and big canals and clocks and places with names- - things that were used and touched for centuries ! I don 't see how we can ever use them without feeling uncomfortable . We can change the names but the old names will still be there . So no matter how we touch Mars , We won 't be able to really touch it . That 'll make us angry . We 'll get mad at that and just rip it up . We 'll change it to suit ourselves . And ruin it . Like we 've ruined Earth . We 're not going to ruin it . - No ? - No . Us Earthmen have a talent for ruining things . If there are any Martians alive in those hills they 're going to grow to hate us . No , you 're wrong . There 's no hatred here . Looking at that city , they were a graceful , philosophical people . They wouldn 't mind our being here any more than they would mind children playing on their lawns , knowing and understanding children for what they are . Looking at all this we 'll know we 're not so marvelous . And we are children . We 'll learn from Mars . - Will we ? - Oh , yes . I won 't report what happened just now . Don 't let it happen again . Yes , sir . Thank you . Let 's take a look at that city . This is beautiful . It 's just beautiful . Briggs is obviously moved . Hello ! Anybody home ? - Briggs . - Sir . Shut up . Yes , sir . Who were they , I wonder . How did they live ? And who were their kings ? Think I 'm gonna be sick . I 'll be back . - Where are you going ? - l 'll be back ! Don 't be gone long . We 're heading back to the ship ! - Any sign of him ? - No . If he 's there , he must be hiding , although why he 'd want to hide , I have no idea . I don 't think he 's going to be coming back , sir . How do you mean ? Well , I don 't know exactly why . It 's just a feeling I got . The way he acted tonight . The way he looked in that city . How ? Different . A way he never looked before . Spender . Where the hell have you been for the last week , huh ? I 'm the last Martian . You 're the- - Hey , Spender ! Where you been ? I found a Martian . Where ? I 've been living in a Martian city in the hills , learning to read their books , understand their art forms . What are you talking about ? One day a Martian appeared and said , " Give me your boots , " and I did . And then he said , " Give me your uniform , " and I did . I offered him my weapon , but he said he had his own . Are you crazy ? And then he said to follow him and see what happened . And he walked across the desert and he 's here right now . I don 't see any Martians . Don 't you ? Sam . What in hell could have done this ? This wasn 't done by our weapons . Had to be a Martian weapon . Spender ? Or a Martian . My God . Three of them dead . It had to be Spender . It couldn 't be anybody else . Can 't be . He probably went off his rocker . He always was in his own little world . Right . Let 's arm ourselves , go get him . Yeah , right now . What the hell was that ? ! Must be the same weapon he used to kill Briggs and the others . Okay , what do we do now ? Drop ' em ! A truce ! Don 't believe it , Colonel . I could have killed you just now . I didn 't . I just want to talk to you . I 'm putting my weapon down . You carry yours . If I go for my weapon , then kill me . Don 't you believe it , Colonel . It 's a trick . A truce , Colonel . Let 's talk . - Let 's go . - No . No . Just Colonel Wilder . Don 't do it . Why , Jeff ? Because I have found that what the Martians had was just as good as anything man could ever hope to achieve . I 'm also concerned as to what we might bring to this planet to contaminate it on every level until we blow it up . Just the way we 're bound to blow ourselves up on Earth . How will killing us stop that ? It will delay the next expedition . If you return , there 'll be a wholesale invasion of Mars , won 't there ? If we don 't return , they 'll still come . Yes , probably . But with luck , I 'll live to be 60 or 70 years old and every expedition that comes to Mars will be met by me befriended by me destroyed by me . And Mars will remain untouched for the next half century , at least . And maybe they 'll give up by then . Maybe the war will start , and space travel will be finished . You 've got it all planned , haven 't you ? Yes , I have , John . It 's not going to work that way . Within an hour , you 'll be dead . I found some underground passages and a place to live you 'll never find . I can hide there until you 're off guard and just pick you off . I can 't believe it 's you saying these things , Jeff . I can 't believe it 's you doing these things . Murdering innocent ... men . Let me show you how they lived . For half an hour . It 's all I ask , John . Then you can come after me . Parkhill ! Colonel ! I 'll be back in 30 minutes . Where you going ? - With Spender . - Don 't you trust him ! Here ? The answer 's all here , Colonel . I don 't know what you 're talking about . The secret to Martian life is that they discovered the secret of cooperating with nature . Knowing that the reason for living is simply life itself , no more than that . The enjoyment of pure being . And yet they killed . With two expeditions vanishing , do you really think the Martians had nothing to do with it ? If they did , it was only to defend their way of life . The way you 're defending it ? Yes . Yes . Because it 's a way of life worth defending , Colonel . A way of life that blends religion with art and science while realizing in essence that science is only an attempt to investigate the miracle of life , and art an attempt to explain it . I 'm sure their way of life was wonderful . But that doesn 't- - Then stay here . Stay here , and listen to music like you 've never heard in your entire life . There 's a patio near here with a tape reel of Martian music on it that is at least 50,000 years old . There are Martian books that date back dozens of centuries . An entire history of their planet , their life , their culture , their art , their philosophy . Why go back to the others ? You 're not at all like them . Stay here , and come to appreciate the perfect simplicity of Martian life . Stay , John . It 's a shame there 's no Martians left . There are a few . Where ? Where are the Martians ? You may never know , but perhaps I 'll show them to you if you if you stay . You know I can 't do that . Well . I suppose you had better start back then , huh ? But do me a favor . You want a favor ? Yes . If you win , will you do whatever you can to keep them from tearing this planet apart ? Well , I 'll do everything I can , of course , but I 'm afraid that 'll be damn little . And if it 'll help you to accept this any easier , just think of me as a man who went berserk one summer day and was never right again . Turn around . Turn around , Colonel . Now walk . Stop . Jeff , l- - He won 't come down . Make it a clean shot . Get it over with . - With pleasure . - Through the heart . - After what he did ? - You heard what I said . Take a look . Who could be dressed like that ? Must be some kind of a trick , Colonel . I don 't think so . Let 's split . Dear God . is this the way it 's going to be ? It was only then that Colonel Wilder fully realized what was going to happen . Men would come to the new frontier . They would come because they were afraid or unafraid , because they were happy or unhappy . They would come with small dreams or large dreams or no dreams at all . But they would come . And then what would happen to Mars ?
