 Since the nuclear holocaust , 20 years have passed . The leader of the Eurac monarchy , the powerful Euro , Afro , Asian unity , who pressed the fatal button claims to have won the conflict but planet Earth has been reduced to a garbage-strewn radioactive desert , inhabited by humans devoid of all hope for a future . Radiation could not have been worse . A few deformed creatures developed in the immediate post-war period then nothing . For nearly 15 years now , not one human child has been born . New York City , a huge pile of waste and rubble is under the control of the Eurac military force . With the help of mercenary hunters , the Euracs are with deadly efficiency steadily exterminating the locals , and using the healthy ones for every conceivable kind of genetic experiment in a desperate attempt to kind the key to survival to the continuance of the human race . Listen , and listen carefully . The deadline in this sector for voluntary presentation at the experimental center is six o 'clock . In exactly 30 seconds , the hunters and exterminators will begin total dis-infestation . The hunt is open . They 're in there . Through the door . There they are . No . . Hey - No . Don 't kill me . All engines are running . Drivers are both ready . On the right is the Exterminator driven by Parsifal , who is the reigning champion for his team , and is on the right . On my left , the challenger , the four pirates from New Orleans and the invincible Killer Racer . The rules of the race champion , whoever hits the metal flag first , first place . The tournament continues until one of the cars is destroyed and its occupants dead . Get ready . Five , four , three , two , one , go ! Parsifal . Take me to bed . Take me to bed . Remember what I promise you once you 've won . You 're victor of life and happiness . You 're victor of life and happiness . You 're victor of life and happiness . He 's your winning file card . You 're victor of life and happiness . You 're victor of life and happiness . Life answer kill number 122 . Twenty ounce of the gold . - My name is Flower . I will share your life . Flirtation of your next life slave called Flower and right of life and death . You are the greatest , Parsifal . The man that beat you has yet to be born . What am I saying , he 'll never be born . Not now he won 't ? Right champ ? The guy will never be born . - That thing back there was a cyborg , half man , half robot . I knew one once . I didn 't know what he was until I had made love with him . I know the creep who built them . We request a meeting with Parsifal . Do you read ? Over . Who are you ? I 'll explain later . Then forget it , I don 't have time to jaw with anyone who won 't identify himself . You 're too much , master , and you 're going to make great love . Can you ride ? Certainly not . Why did you do that ? They must have drank radioactive water . Awful . - They 'd been dead in a couple of hours anyhow . Here , these are licenses to kill . They 're right over there if you want to use them . It 's all legal . Gives you the right to their things , and freedom . Thank you , master . Thank you . - That 'll keep him out for a couple of hours . Leave us alone . I had hope you were dead . - On the contrary . I 'm still very much alive . So is the Pan-American Confederacy . This is what you call alive huh ? - Listen , we are secretly reorganizing the state with the advantage the Euracs know nothing of our existence . Alaska 's one of the least contaminated territories . We 're in a definite position to make a comeback . The enemies ' in for a surprise . And after you 've won ? What do you have to offer your men ? Besides this sterile planet ? - The memory banks in our genetic robots tell us there 's a fertile woman hidden in New York . We have got to find her before the Euracs do . Before they start using her for their insane experiments . - One fertile woman is not enough to recreate the entire human race . That 's where you 're wrong . If she 's young , she 'll have at least 500 eggs in her ovaries . That 's 500 uncontaminated human beings . But why me ? Can 't your genetic robot come up with another name ? Someone else to go and get this woman ? What about your cyborgs ? They can do anything - Oh , stop talking nonsense . The cyborgs have all been eliminated . Anyway , they didn 't have man 's adaptability . - Yeah , well they certainly looked like men , and they were just as evil . On top of that , they were stupidly loyal . Especially when it came time for them to play rough . - Enough , you are the only man capable of carrying out this mission successfully . In exchange for what ? - There 's an inter-planetary rocket sitting on the subterranean launchpad . Somewhere in what was once the United States of America . If you go to New York and bring us back that woman , I 'll guarantee you a seat for the journey . What journey ? - To Alpha Centauri , where there are several planets capable of supporting life . As we know it , the continuation of the human race . Without that woman , the trip is pointless . Only a select few will make up the crew , and you could be one of ' em . Why should I believe you ? I stopped working for you when I found out what your promises were worth , remember ? You don 't want to believe rne . No problem then . Refuse the mission , and you won 't leave here alive , I promise you . You never change , do you ? I presume that that means yes . You 'll have to do without your laser pistol to avoid identification . All you 'll take with you are your wits and these two gentlemen . This is Bronx . His mind is a veritable map of New York City , and he has an additional motive for hating the Euracs . They massacred his family and made him watch . That 's Ratchet , the strongest man in the new Confederacy . He will help you in every possible way . Both men would die to save our country . They have reserved seats too ? - Naturally , that 's the prize for going on this mission . One of our helicopters will set you down a short distance from the Eurac 's military security perimeter . You 'll be given the necessary equipment to reach New York . Ratchet has a transmitter and on your return , once out of the city , you 'll be able to contact us . How do we get into Manhattan ? Getting in will be easy . It 's getting out that 's impossible . It 's up to you to prove the contrary . You see that ? They baked the Big Apple . - He had a wife and kids there when they did it . Can you still get in ? - You want to get into Manhattan ? You 're crazy . You better take my advice man and look at it from here . We don 't want your advice . Just answer the question . The only road worthwhile is the one past the Eurac headquarters . But if you guys ain 't hunters , they 'll blow your fucking heads oh ' . We 're not hunters . Well , there 's a tunnel for power trains , if ain 't flooded yet . But if you guys get through , you better watch out for the hollum hunters because they don 't dig people trespassing on their territory . You know where that tunnel is ? Yeah . Thanks . - Two hours , we 've been wading in this crap . I know . Let 's not all drown at once . I 'll go first . You wait here . Good point . Who said getting in would be easy ? Come on . We 're there but it 's daylight . Come on . Ratchet . There they are . Thanks . Come on . - We gotta beat it before reinforcements get here but which way ? That way . Euracs . Follow me . Get off you little mother . These damn rats . Kill the rats . Kill the rat . A little boy . Get him . Don 't let him get away . Get him . There he is , there he is . Go . Don 't let him get away . Let rne go . Let go of me . - He 's not a boy . He 's one of the tiny people . He should be killed . Bad , bad luck . - Get him . Let me go . Don 't kill me , please . - Let 's slice the dirty little bastard in two . It 's not his fault he isn 't a child . Okay , rat . Come on . Okay , who 's next ? Give up . Stop it . Stop or I 'll kill him . 36 , 37 . 38 , 39 . 40 , 41 . 42 , 43 . 44 , 45 . 46 , 47 . 48 , 49 . 50 . Drag , you 're the winner . You get the first choice . Guava . She 's yours . Come on . Come on . No . No . Deed of God . The people . Yeah , please grow fertile so that we can give birth . Go to it , brothers . Go to it . - Take the first person for the experiment center . Wail a minute , these two don 't look like they belong here . They 're prisoners , I think . They don 't smell so bad which is unusual around here . Who are you ? Well , speak up . Tell rne who you are or I 'll kill ya . He isn 't one of us , and neither is he . Look at you . Growing up in this infected shouldn 't be bad . Come on , move it , move it . Oh , huff ) ' " P - Euriki reporting from West 122 Street . We captured two men on the island without authorization . We have ways of making you talk but before resorting to them , I thought you might like the opportunity to volunteer the information I want . A little spontaneous collaboration never hurt anyone . Life is more precious today than ever before as you well know . - No , I see that ceriain cultures never die . - Are you referring to the Picasso painting ? Or to the genocide it depicts ? Is there a difference ? Beauty and ugliness , good and evil . It might make sense if future generations learn of all the horrors we 've done to one another . - We have fused Asia and Europe , and Africa into a single race , a world civilization . I believe that God will give us the Euracs , His chosen people , the opportunity and ability to create new humans again . - After He allowed you to almost wipe them out . That makes sense . - It 's inevitable that an over-developed society eventually will come to the point of its own destruction . Our robots and your cyborgs were good example of that . - Before being destroyed , my nation eliminated the cyborgs . Your people .. We must choose every means possible to save the human race . Or perhaps you hate it so strongly , you 'll rather see it die out completely . - Yeah , from what I 've seen in the past 20 years , mankind should be banished from the universe . - Even though you belong to a highly developed society , I can see that you 're sensitive and knowledgeable . - I taught pre-industrial revolution history here , in this city , before your bombers destroyed it . - I see . Well professor , may I know your name ? My name no longer exists . Anymore than my nation . - L shall now get lo the point of this little discussion . We have reasons to believe that your nation is reorganizing . We want you to tell us where and how , and what brought you to New York . I 'll tell you why I came to New York . To dig out the eyes of a worm like you . Don 't kill him . Don 't kill him , I want him alive . I want to talk to the prisoner alone . I don 't believe we 've met . Do you know me now ? Certainly no in the Biblical sense . You 've been condemned to death . You 're my last cigarette , huh ? No , if you 're willing and cooperative , and tell me what I want to know , I might be your petition for mercy . I think I 'll sign it . - You 're a SPY , a spy for the Pan-American Confederacy . We know you 're reorganizing . So what ? Do you think it 'll do any good ? Why are you here ? To find a woman . Explain . - The only fertile woman on the face of the Earth . And have you found her ? - Yeah . She 's with the group that captured me . Beautiful blonde . Her name 's Giara . Come , and point her out to me . Well , which one ? Her . Take that woman to genetic research . If she is fertile , you 've save your life . If not , you 'll wish you haven 't been born . Miss Anya 's orders is to watch . - It is futile to put yourself through all this pain . Tell us all about your mission for the Pan-American Confederacy . You have five seconds to start . Five , four , three , two , one . You are determined to kill island . In this case , instance of death will be carried out by me in 10 seconds . 10 , nine , eight , seven , six , five . Four . Four , four . Four , four , four . Thanks . Can you walk ? Yeah , I can . When are they to operate on Fed ? They 're doing the operation now . And the girl ? - I can show you the specifics of the test here on the monitor . Here we are . As you can plainly see this comparison with other women tested , the results indicate that she 's totally sterile . Healthy but sterile . Repeat the test . All right , Miss Anya . But what if the data we have now on her is confirmed ? What are we supposed to do with her ? Send her back to Vivo section . Stairway , over there . Let 's go . Wait , with her first . Hey , take cover . Quick , come on . Come on , hurry . Have you localized them ? Not yet , sir . We have to catch them . Red alert . Red alert . Targets are at sector four . They 've localized them . Come on . What are you waiting for ? Good luck , friend . Come on , bastards . Bastards . Bastards . I want the other two alive . Halt , drop your gun . Drop it . Walk this way , and get your hands up . . Stop - Go to the wall . Quick , after them . No , I want them alive . Use the stun guns . Stun guns . This way . You go that area . . Hum ' - Get them . My legs . Here , hurry . Hurry . Help the girl . Can you make it ? Yeah . - They haven 't a hope of surviving in the sewers . Is that you Anya ? They got away with the help of a dwarf and another infiltrator . - We 've got to recapture them especially the girl . Her fertility tests proved negative . It was just a trick to give that spy a chance to escape . Perhaps but he is not escaping alone . I 'm convinced he belongs to the new Confederacy , and he took the girl , which can only mean she passed the test . You better get her back , my dear . Your very life depends on it . - I swear , I 'll have them back before you see the light of day again . And alive , at least the girl . Hey , hey Parsifal . You 're back in the land of the living . Where 's Giara ? Here . Over there . She 's still out of it but don 't worry . She 'll be back with us in a minute . Where are we ? Below the ruins of the United Nations . It 's pretty safe down here . There 's an exit to the street through a bunch of sewers . What 's your name ? Shorty , what else ? He and his people helped me get you out of Eurac headquarters . How did you know I was there ? I have a body scent receiver . I hooked into your frequency , and there you were , along with Bronx . Thanks . You better eat now . Here . We 're grateful . Thanks . I owed you a favor . Just returning it . Well ? - Not a sign of ' em but we found their motorcycles on the other side of the tunnel , the sector controlled by the hollum hunters . - Then see that they double up on the patrol in that area . They must be prevented from leaving the island . Oh we flooded the tunnel . They 'll never leave by that route . They 're still down in the sewers . They must be forced into the open again so force them . - I 'm really routing for you to bring this mission off . - You think it 's worth it , trying to save a future for ruins like us . Yeah , I felt the same way . She gave me back an older feeling , hope . - I know what they say you 're here to get Parsifal . You know where she is ? Of course . What do you want to tell us ? - I want you to promise that when you leave here , you put me in your suitcase . - What makes you think it 's any better where we 're going ? Be in some place else . It 's the illusion it gives . That 's all it counts . You got a deal . You can leave with us . It 's okay , you can take the wax out now . Let 's get out of here . We can 't let them get away . Don 't worry , they won 't , Miss Anya . The bridges were never rebuilt , and the tunnels are blocked except the Lincoln , and we have that covered . What about if they use a boat ? We have eight subs on patrol . They 'll sink anything that 's not ours . - Have them double the guard at the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel , and send six monk squads to comb the area between 34th and 48th street . I want them to check every rooftop , every hole , every inch of rubble , every damn thing they come across . - Careful , there 's something weird about this . Ifs them . Hold your fire . Let me go . Let me go . I haven 't done anything . Let go of me . Drop it or he 's dead . What do I do with this one , Big Ape ? He says he 's not one of them . Right , but I 'm their friend . I 'm the one who saved them from the Euracs . If it hadn 't been for me , they wouldn 't be alive now . Ratchet please , don 't let them kill me . Tell them I helped you . Tell them . That 's right , he did . - They 've been combing this city for you guys . Like you were bunches of bananas . Why ? Because we 're from the new Confederacy , and they want to find it . - There is no Confederacy , no more , no where . Wrong . Wrong ? So what are you doing in town ? The president sent us . He says there 's a woman here who can make babies . We 're here to find her and take her back . Make babies ? I couldn 't make babies . There 's two of us that are still uncontaminated , two . If there 's a woman who can produce , where is this woman who makes babies ? Her ? No . We 're still looking for her . I 'm one of the Needle people , You 're Big Ape , right ? I heard a lot about you down in the sewers . This is my town . And those kings come here from across the ocean . I assume gonna find that out . That woman 's begging for a man like me . If you like her , you take her . Hold it . She 's my woman . You don 't have belongings . Just be glad you 're alive . Take your hands off her . You come and get her if you can . Stay out of it . It 's between them . - Wo , okay , I 'm on but you gotta explain to me the house rules for one to one fight . To crap about rules . We fight to the death . That 's it . Okay , Big APB - When do we get the green light to start ? You got it . Go on . She 's yours , enjoy her . All right . Leave ' em alone . You like blonde women huh ? Do you mind ? I knew right away when I first saw you . - Giara , if love had any meaning in this world , you 'd be the one I love . Love me now . Love me , yes . As if this was the last day of our lives . You lousy punk , you lied . She 's the fertile woman . We met one of the hunters ' call . You son of a bitch . I 'll kill you . Don 't . It 's not her , Big Ape . She 's not the one . I know where the only fertile woman in the world is hidden . Parsifal was telling the truth . He just wanted to save this one from the Euracs . She 's not fertile . I 've seen the one who is . I used to see her every day in the place where she 's been hidden , She 's sort of like sleeping beauty . Know that story ? - No , but I hope there 's a happy ending for your sake . Take me to her . I want to live on through my children . Come on . - Try anything you dirty runt , you 're gonna be cut . Oh for Pete 's sake , Big Ape . If you want to see that woman , come on and follow me . Wait a minute . We can walk in now . What 's the matter ' ? You never seen rats having lunch before ? They were his people , So what ? If we don 't find that woman , the rats are all that are gonna be left . - Hey , now where the hell are you taking us ? Where do you think ? To where the girl is hidden . This way . Let 's go . Professor , it 's Shorty , open the door . Don 't let him see ya ' til I explain . He becomes suspicious of everybody . Professor , it 's Shorty . Professor , are you there ' ? He 's gotta be . It 's me , Shorty . The girl is inside there . I swear to ya . Let 's try to force it . Impossible . I couldn 't it . Give up , Big Ape ? I can 't do it . Get back . Step aside . I 'll do it . Come on . Professor ? Professor . I 'm sorry . She can make a baby ? But she 's dead . No , she 's in hibernation . That 's all . She has been almost her whole life , ever since the nuclear war . Who is she ? - Her name 's Melissa . She 's the professor 's daughter . He knew what would happen to women exposed to radiation . So he hibernated her . She was to breed a new race but there was never a place to take her . How do you plan to escape ? Get her in that life support system off the island ? You wanna see ? Come on . An old car ' ? It runs beautifully and the tank 's full . Just down there is a wall . The side of the Lincoln Tunnel . Now it 's the only way left out of New York . Breaking through the wall will be easy . What about the Euracs ? They 're the big problem . There are three systems of barriers in the tunnel , and a lot of it is mine , and the men are armed with lasers . - The gorilla 's love . Beauty and the beast . At least beast have warm blood . Yeah , it should be fast enough . Yeah , but what about the cannon ? It 's one of the far end of the tunnel . It bores through steel as much as 30 millimeters thick . With the right shield , we can make it . Yeah , we need some thick steel or lead . - I know an old junkyard , where there 's plenty of steel . It 's crawling with Euracs though . It 's not a place I advise going into . We have to risk it . Hey , Big Ape , you heard what we were talking about ? I heard but you go . I 'll stay here to look after her . You understand , Big Ape . She 's the only hope mankind has for the future . They 'll have to kill me first before they lay a hand on her . Okay , come on . Wait . Giara , stay with her . You 'll make me a mortal carrying my seed . How about this ? I don 't know . It looks okay . We need more though . Uh oh , Euracs . How are we gonna get out of here ? With all that stuff ? I don 't know . Pray . No . Get back in hiding for Pete 's sake . Bastards . It 's that damn dwarf . Get him . He 's attracting their attention . So we can find what we want right here . Now come on , let 's get on with it . Hey , you sneaky little bug . Now you 're going to tell us where your friends are hiding . - All right , just don 't hurt me , huh , and I 'll tell you . I 'll tell you where they are . Well ? Stupid bastards . Where is Shorty ? Euracs got him . He did it to help us escape . Everything okay here ? Everything 's fine . Hey Big Ape , come and help me . This will protect the front but we 'll be driving damn near blind in the tunnel . So we have to protect Melissa . Nothing else matters . I was just explaining . Okay , let 's give it a try . They won 't be expecting us in daylight . No time like the present . Shorty might have talked . - He wouldn 't . He 'd never say anything to them about her . Okay , check it out . I think we can make it . Hang on . We managed to get rid of him . Now let 's move . We need all the friends we can get . Come on . Get in . - If you were trying to trick me , you almost made it . Hang on . Alert ! Alert ! Unidentified vehicle . Lower barricade . The checkpoint . Stop ! Get out of your car . Watch it . Look out . A great ride , friend . But I have a feeling it 's about over . Look . Fire . We did it . We 're safe . - You let them escape , get out of the city . You know what happens to those who failed in their duty . We can still catch them . There are 10 squads combing the desert around New York . - Perhaps , but you did promise to bring them to me before I saw the light of day again . No . Now , I 've all the time I need . - Confederacy air units wiped out Eurac headquarters . We have only three hours for a total preemptive strike before they reorganize . - Now I know why you wanted Big Ape with us . You knew he 'd protect that woman with his life . Have you asked yourself why ? Love at first sight . I just hope his seed is fertile as you both said it was . You figured that out as well , huh ? - I 've established contact with the Confederacy helicopter . It should be here in a minute . Mission completed . Almost . Why did you stop ? You know when I caught on Ratchet ? Caught on to what ? That you 're not a man . What makes you think that ? - When the Euracs hit us with that ultrasound , we were all on the point of lying on the floor except you . It didn 't affect you a bit . You are a cyborg , Ratchet . No . No . Don 't . Me too for you . Like Big Ape . No , not you Giara . A helicopter 's coming . You 'll see , you 'll make it . I already have . Like Big Ape . Remember , long ago , a small step for man , a giant leap for mankind . Do you know what that leap is ? Love , for you , for us . For mankind . It has to live on . Why Giara ? Why ? We destroyed the world . Two billions of people , and we still do . Kiss me now . Kiss me with love . Life is love , then love . All right , my love . You win . Man somehow get it together again . It 's because you 're in love with it . All right , my cold beauty . Now , it 's up to you . But you 're in for a big surprise , Mr. President . If you want to give the order to have me killed , you can do it just as easily sitting down , can 't ya ? I wasn 't sure about you , Parsifal . And that woman is imperative to the journey . Without her , it will be senseless . That 's why I sent the cyborg . I knew I could trust him . Yeah , same old trip again huh . You were right though . Alone I wouldn 't have brought her back . But too many good people died to keep her alive . Yeah . A necessary sacrifice . What 's important is she 's with us . You and the others will remove the eggs as she ovulates . You will fertilize them on the glass , and the human race ought to be saved . We 'll remove ? You decided that you 're bowing out ' ? - You were never slated for a seat on that spaceship . You are giving me yours ? - I should 've like to taken a look out there . Even presidents were kids once , and dreamed of becoming astronauts . But the doctors have given me three months . I don 't think I could withstand the G-force during launch . So you see , no gifts . To each , its own little piece of history . Mine is finished . Yours is just beginning . Good luck . Man . As soon as the girl awakens , somebody would have to explain everything to her . She knows nothing about the disasters of the last 20 years , and what she now represents . She must be told the whole story . The right man to tell her is you . Come . Coming out on X minus one minute . 20,19,18,17,16 , 15,14,13,12,11 , 10 , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one , zero .
