 He is Colonel Helmut Kruger who ran an extermination squad at Dachau . I wonder what Archangel would want for such a weapon . It 's not getting Kruger out of here into Israel alive that 's troubling you , is it ? It 's going up against Archangel . Fire the missiles ! There 's no way to escape . We got a pair on our tail , closing ' fast . File A56-7W . Subject : Airwolf . Top secret . A Mach 1-plus attack helicopter with the most advanced weapons arsenal in the air . Sought by governments friendly and foreign , Airwolf is hidden somewhere in the western wilderness by its test pilot , Stringfellow Hawke , to be returned to the US government only if his brother , Sin Jin , an MIA in Vietnam , can be found . The Deputy Director of the Intelligence Agency that developed Airwolf , is Michael Goldsmith Briggs III , codename , Archangel . Believed to covertly provide classified information and support to Hawke in exchange for flying the chopper on missions of national interest . Stringfellow Hawke is 34 , reclusive , sensitive , and a loner . Known to associate with his only friend and mentor , Dominic Santini . Together , Santini and Hawke fly Airwolf , capable of speeds rivaling the fastest jets and backed by unmatched firepower , Airwolf is a weapon too dangerous to be left in unenlightened hands . Finding Airwolf is your 1st priority . End of file . Bonjour , mademoiselle . We could have survived for a week on a square of chocolate as rich as those , Colonel . What ? You remember Dachau , don 't you , Kruger ? My name is Hans Dauber . Keep your hands by your sides . I intend to return you to Israel for trial . But if I must , I will kill you here and now . You are making a terrible mistake . If so , I will apologize . And the State of Israel will buy you a new bag of chocolate . Who are you ? Lebow . Harry Lebow . But perhaps you know me better as The Dove . Check oxygen and pressurization . We 're at 4,000 feet . What have you got against regular air ? We 're goin ' up . Oh , how far ? We 'll find out . Oh ... oh . Oxygen and pressure , okay . Goin ' up . 10 ... 15 ... 25 ... We 're at 30,000 already . I need full power . Turbos . 50,000 ... 55 ... 60 ... Am I at full power ? 103 % 80 ... 84,000 ... Look , it 's night-time out . I need full turbo power . This thing 's almost a spaceship . She wasn 't built to be a spaceship . We 're gonna flounder . 86,000 ... 84,000 ... 80 ... 75 ... We gotta get back down to some thicker air . This cockpit is lit up like Broadway . Call out when we get to 40,000 . Why ? We use the turbos again then . Is that the only way to get back control ? Yep , it 's the only way . Comin ' down . 50 ... 48 ... 45 ... comin ' in on 40 . 40,000 . - Turbos . - Turbos . 30 ... 20 ... 10 ... We 're going in , String . 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... Re-engage rotors . Re-engage rotors . Now would you like to tell me why we did that ? We just wanted to see if it could be done . Yeah , you beauty . You hit the heights today , didn 't you , sweetheart ? Hey , quiet . What is it ? Somebody 's here . Your senses are even more acute than they 're reported to be , Mr. Hawke . So is my aim . Step into the light . Of course . Just please remember , we are in the Valley of the Gods , not the Valley of Death . I 'm alone . I 'm not armed , and I 'm really not very dangerous . Search her . Fine . Uh , well ... Where would you like to begin , Mr. Santini ? Well ... Yes ? Uh , come on . Who are you ? I 'm Sarah Lebow . How did you get here ? I flew in like a dove . Well , what is it you want ? I want justice . Whose ? The Bible 's . Excuse me , my hands are cold . I 've never been big on meting out biblical justice . That 's all right . The State of Israel will do that for you . But I need you , and your machine here , to bring a sadistic killer to trial . Oh , and you too , of course , Mr. Santini , I ... I 'd be most happy if you would also come along . Oh , thank you . And just where is it that you are welcoming me to go along to ? To Paraguay . That 's where Helmut Kruger is hiding . Never heard of him . Perhaps the name Hans Dauber ? Yeah , I heard of him . He supplies half the Third World with arms . Yes , but he is also Colonel Helmut Kruger who ran an extermination squad at Dachau . Whoever he is , kidnapping a man from a neutral country is not my normal line of business . It was my Father 's line of business until Helmut Kruger killed him . Sorry . That 's all right . I 'm not here for your sympathy . Excuse me , but , why us ? I mean , there are hundreds of bounty hunters out there you could use . Look , Kruger literally lives in a fortress . He is well-armed , he is well-protected , and the government does nothing . I need Airwolf . I need Airwolf to get me in there and to bring him out . How do you even know about it ? I guess I am my Father 's daughter . I 've been his researcher ever since he discovered that I could type . Together we brought ... we brought 23 Nazi war criminals to trial . And how many of them did you personally capture ? None . That 's what I thought . Come on , we 'll go get Airwolf another lair . No , please wait . Look , I found Airwolf . Perhaps I can help you find your brother , Sin Jin . Yeah , I knew Harry Lebow , codename , The Dove . I liked him . He was , killed in Paris 3 months ago . What killed him ? A 6-inch blade and a lifestyle . He was very charming , very effective , Unlike some creatures I know . So , you knew Lebow too ? Everybody in the business knew him . I never heard of him . Well , that 's because you 're not really in the business . So , you call flying Airwolf for the Firm not in the business . Of course , you 're very effective in the field . I 'd trust you with anything , once the action starts . I don 't need a testimonial . You know me . I always start out nice . So , what 's your point ? You 're unbending , Hawke , unswerving . You think there 's a right and wrong , and that the right should always win . Not so . There 's gray and beige . There 's a lot of almost and compromise , political maneuvering and intrigue . The people who do that are in the business . You still haven 't made your point . Forget about helping Sarah Lebow . Let this Kruger thing go . She knows where Airwolf is . Doesn 't that concern you ? We 'll arrange a new hiding place for Airwolf . Then you 'll know where Airwolf is . Yes . No , thanks . Hawke , I don 't want you to go after Kruger . Why ? It could ... create difficulties . Are you tied in with him ? Like I said , not everything is black-and-white . I go after Kruger , I go against you . Nothing personal . Yeah . Never is . This wine is very good . We 're all ready , sir . Good . Gentlemen , if you glance into the courtyard here , you will see the latest American surface-to-air missile system , codename , Thor . It is unique , in that its 4 simultaneously fired missiles have both heat-seeking as well as radar-targeting systems . 2 missiles cover the higher altitude and 2 the lower . The penetrating aircraft might be able to evade one , or 2 , or even 3 missiles , but , never 4 . Which makes Thor the ultimate defense weapon at $ 10 million only a unit . I 've heard such claims before . I 'm not going to invest millions in claims . We 're not expecting you to . I 've prepared a demonstration . Yes , a pleasant lunch , excellent wine , and now we watch as you blow up a radio-controlled drone . I would never insult your intelligence or your purchasing power with drones . Prepare to fire the missiles . 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... fire . Are you trying to tell me there is a pilot in that plane ? One of the very best of the West German Luftwaffe . Why would a man do such a thing ? Obviously , because he feels he can win against Thor . And if he can , I will give him $ 1 million . He 's evaded the upper missiles . Now he 's simply being forced into the track of the lower . He 's evaded the 3rd . Yes , but ... Well , gentlemen , if you would care to start your bidding , Mr. Minter will be happy to record your offers . Please , gentlemen , step right over this way . Why so glum , Mr. Hawke ? I 'm just not big on carrying passengers . But , Mr. Hawke , I 'm excellent company . I sing , I play the guitar . I can show you points of interest during the flight . Thank you . Such as ? There are 2 munitions centers right here , in your own country . In Texas , to be exact . Now , the deed holders have American names but the real owner is Kruger . Yeah , I heard a TV commentator do about an hour on that guy . He 's got quite an operation . He could create a war , and then supply both sides with weapons . So , is it Kruger you really want or the weapons he 's storing ? No , only Kruger . Why doesn 't your government just send in a commando team to take him out ? Because we cannot afford an international incident . You 'll probably get blamed anyway . Finger-pointing , that 's normal . All our flights are monitored . And they won 't be able to prove anything . Hey , you 've worked this out pretty well , but what if we fail ? Well , if we fail , then no one will know , will they ? That 's your answer ? That 's my answer . Well , I figured we might as well look on the bright side of things , eh ? How come I don 't like what you 're doin ' , but I 'm enjoying it ? Because , very much like my Father , you have a zest for laughter , Mr. Santini . Tet 's still here . Doesn 't mean anything . Hawke leaves him alone for weeks at a time . Oh , who feeds him ? He feeds himself . He 's gonna do it , isn 't he ? I 'm afraid so . Damn it . Kruger is sitting on one of the most sophisticated weapons systems in the world . And Hawke is gonna go up against it . We could warn him . No , we can 't . Maybe just a little ? This is the most amazing flight I 've ever been on . A squadron of these could rule the Middle East . Well , she 's one of a kind . I know . That 's why we 're here together . How 's our course ? Still south . We 'll be off the coast of Baja , Mexico , in about , 20 minutes . We 'll fly low till we turn inland for that fuel pickup . $ 100 , I know who that is . No bet . Morning , Michael . How 's the fishing ? I advised you to stay clear of this thing . You headed for Paraguay ? I 'll listen , you talk . It 's not too late to turn back and let me handle this thing . How ? It 's on a need-to-know basis . I can 't run a finder beam on a one-word response . You 're forcing my hand . I don 't wanna line up against you . I think you know that . Yeah . Then turn back . There 's too much involved . You 're headed into an international incident that I won 't be able to help you with . Well , maybe if you 'd fill me in . You have no need to know . Take care , Michael . You , too . This is Priority 1 . We need an F-15 immediately and a series of mid-air refuels . Want to thank you . For what ? I haven 't done anything yet . But you kept your word . expect you will . Do you know anything about my family , I mean , other than what Archangel told you ? Not much . I don 't wanna know any more than I do . Why ? Are you afraid that someday you might weep at my funeral ? No , I wasn 't planning on it . Well , are you planning on smiling anytime in the near future ? Because if so , I 'll have any medical attention you should need in case your skin should crack , or your ears should fall off . Excuse me , was that static or , should I get the bandages ready ? He laughed , Dominic . His lips moved and , yes , I even saw some teeth . Oh , and Dominic , I believe that he has a dimple . You 're sitting in the ejection seat . Don 't tempt me . Don 't let him bluff you , Sarah . You haven 't got any intention at all of letting me have any peace , do you ? Absolutely not . This El Salvador group wants to know if we 'll accept English pounds instead of US currency . Discount it at 10 % below the lowest money exchange quotes . I already told them 15 % . We 're negotiating right now at the 12 % level . Then you can have half of everything above 12 % , a bonus . Right this way , gentlemen . As I was telling you , this compound goes back to 1879 , originally constructed by the Paloma family , when they immigrated from Spain . This , at one time , was the wine cellar , but as you see , it 's been converted to an ordinance supply facility . Do you know what you are seeing here ? Your stockpile . Not quite a stockpile . The ability to determine the future of the world . Colonel , your ego is amazing . Certainly , you have an extensive arsenal here , one of the largest and the most sophisticated I 've ever seen , But you cannot compete with the major powers of the world . I don 't compete with them . They compete with each other . I 'm a middleman , an arranger . They develop , I sell , and collect a percentage . I still do not see your point . What if I did not sell this defense system to you ? What if I sold it to your cousins on your eastern borders instead ? You see , I determine which side gains the advantage , which side wins . Look at what 6 Exocet missiles nearly did to the British Navy in the Falklands . If I had sold Argentina a dozen ... How close are we , Dom ? Less than 10 miles . Let 's go in for a low-level scan . How much can you spot with your scanners ? Weapons , personnel , general building locations . Start the scan , forward area , left to right . Got it . We 're approaching some buildings . Hey ! Our beams are coming back scrambled . Nobody knows our frequencies , except ... I 'm going in for a closer look . You want the searchlights ? When I call for them . Now . That 's Kruger . And Archangel . Flare . Go back . I can 't . I 'd have to fight him . But he 's fighting you . Dom , give me turbos . Turbos . Check to see if we 're being radar scanned . Checking . Hawke , we could 've got him . I can 't shoot Archangel . I could have . This is insanity . You are giving Kruger time to prepare . We should be attacking that fortress instead of staying here sipping tea . Coffee . Whatever . I thought you wanted Kruger to stand trial for his crimes . You know I do . Well , going in with Airwolf 's guns blazing is not the way to accomplish that . It 's not getting Kruger out of here into Israel alive that 's troubling you , is it ? It 's going up against Archangel . What is it ? What 's this hold he has over you ? I thought it was the other way around . Look , I know that Airwolf belonged to the Firm before you took it . But whatever Archangel has going with Kruger is far more important than even Airwolf , or he wouldn 't have given Kruger our scanning frequencies . Look , we could have been blown out of the sky last night . Those weapons they fired at Airwolf last night wouldn 't penetrate it . Archangel knew that . Perhaps . But Archangel would kill you if he had to . So would you . Nobody 's dead , and nobody has to die . You are naive , Dominic . Oh , no , I am not . Really ? What ? You have a plan ? No . But I am sure the " spotless wonder " has . Obviously , to keep Kruger out of my hands . Oh , at one time maybe , but not now . See , Archangel knows that String is here . He also knows that our boy doesn 't give up once he sets his mind onto something . Well , then what do we do ? Exactly what we have been doing . Wait for Archangel to call . Why didn 't you tell me ? You didn 't ask . You could have warned me about that helicopter . I gave you their scanning frequencies . You didn 't tell me that it was as fast as a jet and armor-plated . Must have slipped my mind . Don 't you get smart with me . Nor you with me . Airwolf is important to the Firm . I won 't have it shot down . And me ? You are important , too . You seem to have forgotten that . If I had , you would be on Airwolf right now on your way to Israel . I could kill you . Of course . But then , where would you get Thor missiles to sell ? You are not the only supplier of missiles in the world , Archangel . No , but I am the only one who can supply you with systems as sophisticated as Thor . What do you propose ? I 'll need a vehicle . To do what ? Rendezvous with Airwolf . Call them off . Very well . But if you can 't , I shall have to seek them out and destroy it . Give me 24 hours . Not one minute more , hmm ? He looks disturbed . He has good reason to be . He is trying to call off that helicopter . Can he do that ? I don 't know . But it doesn 't matter . I will use him to lead our air force friends to it . Have a beacon installed in his jeep , and be sure that it 's on a frequency that the helicopter can 't detect . Yes , sir . And , Minter , hold back a Thor unit on tomorrow 's shipment . That 's a loss of $ 10 million , Colonel . 3 of it , pure profit . My dear friend , money is useless if you are dead . Yes , sir . Hawke , give me a location . It 's time for us to have a face-to-face . Hawke , do you read me ? Hawke ? Do you read me ? See anything ? Nothing for 10 klicks . He 's alone , String . You stay on the scope . I 'm not going anywhere . Well , I have not seen you since I was a little girl . A very beautiful little girl . I was sorry to hear about your Father . Thank you . The wars have not been gentle with you . I can do the last half of my life on one eye . The eye patch is most charming , after all , it is almost a national symbol in my country . But the cane , the cane makes you look as if you are asking for sympathy . You are as stubborn as Hawke . Go home , Sarah , and take Sir Galahad here with you . Kruger killed my Father . I am not going back to Israel without him . You said he would come with a plan . He did . Didn 't you , Michael ? The only plan I have , you all are ruining . What is more important than bringing a butcher like Kruger to justice ? Saving lives , many lives . Most of them in your country . We got company , coming in fast from the north . I knew I couldn 't trust that Nazi . You keep her here . Wait ! I got a pair of Phantoms 20 miles out , closing fast . What 's their armament ? Sparrows . I sure hate going against American-built planes and missiles . Well , that might be just what saves us . They 're on the deck and coming fast . Check the frequency our Sparrows are set to and jam them . Yeah , but what if theirs are set on a different frequency ? Then we 're in trouble . They 've launched their missiles . Jamming , I hope . They are still closing . Vary the frequency slightly . Hey , String , I think these missiles are locked on each other . It 's funny . If those missiles hadn 't been American , we 'd have had it . Nice goin ' , String . Yep ? So , he destroyed the Interceptor , huh ? Yes , sir . Incredible . I wonder what Archangel would want for such a weapon ? Archangel , he is obviously running with them now . Yes , you 're quite right . I could never trust him . That helicopter , it will come back now , won 't it ? I certainly hope so . Even in little pieces I could find something of value . You can 't go zooming into a foreign country and attack the residence of one of their nationals , no matter who he is . Unless , I 'm on a mission for the Firm . Damn it , Hawke , there are innocent people in there . In the middle of a munitions bunker ? You will all be killed . Ah , he cares . What 's gonna kill us , Michael ? Kruger has Thor missiles . Why , that 's the hottest air-missile system in the US arsenal . The government doesn 't even allow its allies to have them . How could Kruger get a hold of such weapons ? Michael arranged it . Didn 't you , Michael ? Yeah , sort of . You put a weapon system like that in the hands of a man like Kruger ? Who are his buyers ? Iranians . I don 't think he deserved that . He deserves to be shot . I 've got an idea he deserves a medal for ingenuity . If they didn 't buy it from Kruger , they 'd have to buy it from the Russians . And Russian missiles would be a whole lot harder to defend against . I don 't understand . There is no defense against a Thor system . There is , if you know its operating frequencies . Thor operates on randomly selected , constantly changing frequencies . There 's no way on earth to jam them . So , you built in a self-destruct system . Since you 've figured it out , there 's no loss in telling . It 's an integral part of the guidance system . All an American or Israeli plane has to do is punch a button on a little black box . You put the hottest missile system in the world into the hands of people who can 't use ' em . They won 't know that until it 's too late . I 've gotta hand it to you , Mike . Now that 's brilliant . Thank you . So , we can go in after Kruger . He cannot stop us . He 'd be a fool if he didn 't hold back at least one Thor unit to defend himself against you . So what ? All you have to do is push the button on that little black box . Which we don 't have . We just might not need it . The money has been transferred to your Swiss account , $ 100 million . That 's very good . Colonel , you told me yourself , money is no good if you 're dead . Please , let 's leave now . Let 's get out of here before the helicopter comes back . Aren 't you in the least bit curious how he defends himself against the indefensible ? No . You are a coward ? Yes . At least you are honest . I like that quality about you . Well , then you will let me go ? No . Look , I have to go in after Kruger . Archangel will do that . Kruger didn 't kill Archangel 's Father . He killed mine . I thought you wanted him to stand trial . I do . You want revenge . You want to kill him face-to-face . How would you know ? Because I 've been there . I 've done it . I wouldn 't want you to live with that or die trying . I 'm not going to die . Don 't ever say that . And don 't promise what you can 't keep . What woman did ? All of them . He 's coming . We 're a little ahead of schedule . Well , do you intend to park here and take up sunbathing ? Yes . For about 3 minutes . You 're beginning to sound like Hawke . No one has ever accused me of that before . I am not sure whether that 's a curse or a compliment . I don 't know either . I 'll have to think about that . No , don 't . You 'd only be wasting more of your time and you 've already wasted the most wonderful part of your life . What about my Father ? Did he waste his life , too ? He had his cause . He had his purpose . Yes , he did . But things occurred that gave him no choice . Hawke has no choice , either . Until he finds his brother . Then , uh , it 's all over . Maybe . You are not going any further . This is where you get out . Sure . You 're not going . Isn 't that a bit ridiculous ? You 're not going to shoot me . You shot me ! I just nicked you . But if you don 't hand over those keys , I 'll nick something more vital . You actually shot me ! The keys , please . From right there . Thank you . He makes it too easy . Fire at will . Fire the missiles ! Here they come , all 4 at once . 20,000 . Give me 2 Sun Bursts . He 's got 2 down . But the 2 most deadly to go . We got a pair on our tail , closing ' fast . You got ' em . I got 1 . There 's only 1 left ! But there is no way to escape it . We got 10 seconds , String . 7 seconds . 5 seconds . 2 ... Kruger . Don 't do it , Sarah . Don 't do it . If it doesn 't heal by the trial , you can tell everyone it was a dueling scar . If you keep this up , sir , the Firm 's gonna have to clone parts of you . You like your job , Marella ? I ... I still can 't figure out how it happened . I mean , by the time you got to the fortress the shooting had stopped . Well , you see it was like this . We were , I ... Well , Dominic , it ... it was my fault . You see , he asked me to get out and I wouldn 't go and ... it gave a sniper enough time to get a shot at us . A sniper ? I could have sworn these are powder burns . Would anybody like another drink ? Hey , for once , you 're talking my language . Thank you . Hello , boy . You shot his ear ? He just wouldn 't take me seriously . What 's so funny ?
