 So I 'm supposed to land on a truck going 60 miles an hour ? No , I 'm going to . ( Hawke ) He 's a killer and a thief . His movie stunt is probably a cover for another caper . Then we no longer need you , Mr. Hawke . There 's no way that I 'm going to undercut Dominic . Even if you could save his life ? Come on . Won 't you even fight me like I 'm still a man ? He 's crazy ! He 's going to kill us . Do something . [ machine gun firing ] [ helicopter blades humming ] ( narrator ) File A56-7W . Top secret . Subject : Airwolf . A Mach 1-plus attack helicopter , sought by governments friendly and foreign , Airwolf has been hidden by test pilot Stringfellow Hawke to be returned to the government only if his brother Sin Jin , an MIA in Vietnam , can be found . Michael Goldsmith-Briggs III , code name Archangel , Deputy Director of the intelligence agency that developed Airwolf , believed to covertly provide logistical support to Hawke in exchange for flying Airwolf on missions of national interest . Hawke is 34 , reclusive , sensitive , a loner , known to associate with his only friend and mentor , Dominic Santini . Together , Hawke and Santini fly Airwolf at speeds rivaling the fastest jets . Backed by unmatched firepower , Airwolf is a weapon too dangerous to be left in un-enlightened hands . Finding Airwolf is your number 1 priority . End of file . ( Sayes ) Hold that truck at 60 ! That idiot is going to run out of road . Vinnie , you 're running out of time . Vinnie . Vinnie , are you all right ? [ people chattering ] ( man # 1 ) He dropped right here . ( man # 2 ) Come on , guys , let 's go see if he 's all right . Hey ! Hey ! Vinnie , are you all right ? Vinnie ! Yeah . At least I 'm in one piece . This thing can 't be done . Come on . Help him out . Come on . [ Vinnie coughing ] Hello , Simon . I see you have succeeded in failing again . I 'm sorry , Mr. Maurice , but I don 't really think that stunt can be done . The script was approved and budgeted . You agreed to it , Simon . There 'll be no changes . Vinnie is one of the best pilots in the business . He did the flying in the Green Cloudburst film . Who 's the best , Simon ? Santini Air , but that won 't be easy . I 'll only deal with legitimate organizations . Well , they 're legitimate , all right . It 's , just that they 're a lot more expensive . Mr. Sayes , I discovered you at the bottom of the barrel of used-to-be Directors . I 've given you the opportunity to become a wealthy man if this film is successful . Do not pinch pennies on my behalf or yours . Now , do you understand ? I think so . No , don 't think , Sayes . Just listen and do . Yes , sir . [ screeching ] ( Dominic ) What have you got against rich ? ( Hawke ) I don 't know . I never did it . " Rich " ain 't an " it , " it 's an " is . " That 's lousy English . Well , I 'm talkin ' money , not pronunciation . I don 't need any right now . But I do . [ classical music playing on stereo ] So , I 'm supposed to land on a truck going 60 miles an hour ? No . I 'm going to . I need you to work ground control . You want me to work ground ? Yeah , you . Why , what 's the matter ? Nothin ' , Dom . Is the money really all that important ? What are you trying to say ? Come on , spit it out , String . You 're chewing ' on something and not swallowing ' . I don 't think you ought to do this stunt . What , are you sayin ' I can 't do it ? You think I 'm washed up ? Dom , I can 't run the 100 in 10 seconds anymore . And I can 't stay up for 3 days and bounce back with 4 hours ' sleep . And sometimes , when it 's real damp and cold , the man-made cracks in these bones of mine ache like hell . I try to remember that when I take one of these jobs . Well , maybe you 're the one that 's gettin ' old . But I 'm not ready to retire yet . I 'm flyin ' this stunt with or without you . ( Maurice ) Stringfellow Hawke ? Is the name for real ? ( Dominic ) It 's for real . Only he won 't be doin ' the flying ' . I will . Great stuff , huh ? I just might consider investing in an orchard . Hey , Simon ? ( Maurice ) Gentlemen . To the test run late this afternoon . There 'll be no test run . I believe I 'm covering the cost of the test in the overall deal . Look , Mr. Santini , I just want to make sure that you can do it , that 's all . Oh , I 'm sure . Because I 'm not plannin ' on killin ' myself . Well , then why not do the practice run just to satisfy me ? Mister , I 've got 30 years of practicing under my belt . I don 't think I need any more . Besides , it 's gonna take me a couple of days just to rig the helicopter , do some figuring ' on the weights . And he said there wasn 't much time . From what I hear , this ... [ laughs ] this Stringfellow Hawke does most of the flying . I 'm Santini Air . I decide who flies my equipment , or who uses my equipment . I 'll deliver , or you don 't have to pay a red cent . Without this stunt my film doesn 't work . Are you willing to pick up the cost if you fail ? You could lose your whole business . It 's my business to lose , isn 't it ? Mr. Santini , you 've got yourself a deal . Welcome aboard . Oh , by the way , Mr. Sayes will handle everything . Gentlemen . What if he doesn 't pull it off ? The man is betting everything he owns on his ability . He could still be wrong . I know . That 's why I want you to contact this ... Stringfellow . Whatever . [ laughs ] [ car honking ] Good morning , Edward . Morning . I can 't drink coffee anymore . Gets my nerves raggedy . I know that . Take it . It 's orange juice . [ Maurice chuckles ] If I didn 't know you better , Mr. Maurice , I 'd swear my Mother sent you . God rest her soul . What do you say we hold the services for later , all right ? Sorry , Mr. Maurice . I 'm just a little nervous . I think this should calm you down . I ... I won 't be able to have the final schedule until tomorrow . Tomorrow will be fine . What if I 'm not on duty ? Make sure you 're there . Yeah , but you see , it doesn 't work that way , Mr. Maurice . Mr. Stoner , you telling me that you might be unable to deliver ? No . No . I 'll come through . I 'm sure you will . You don 't have to worry about me , Mr. Maurice . I have to worry about everything , Ed . You only have to worry about your health . [ music playing on stereo ] ( Hawke ) You seem to have gone to an awful lot of trouble contacting me by radio just to see if Dominic Santini can fly . Well , I know he can fly , Mr. Hawke , but can he do it as well as you ? He taught me . How long ago ? Dominic is one of the best chopper pilots in the business . [ laughing ] I hear that you 're the best . Mr. Santini has given us a completion guarantee that will either make him a great deal of money or lose him his business . What 's important is that if he fails , my film fails . What 's important is that if he fails , he could lose his life . Yes . It would be a shame . Naturally . And apparently , it concerns you as much as it does me . The only thing that seems to concern you is your film . Well , I believe we can satisfy all our purposes if you fly the stunt for me . It 's Dominic 's company . I can 't tell him what to do . What is it ? The money ? I 'm sure I can sway your thinking . It 's not the money . Of course . I 'm sure you 'd like to keep him hale and hearty . Here 's my offer . I 'll disregard the completion guarantee if you 'll fly the stunt sequence . And , win or lose , your friend Mr. Santini gets the best of it . His health and a sizable profit . I can 't tell Dominic what to do . He 's his own man . Think about it . But I want an answer by tomorrow noon . I can give you one right now . There 's no way that I 'm going to undercut Dominic . Even if you could save his life ? [ sighing ] [ airplane engine whirring ] ( Hawke ) You know , junk food will kill you . What , you think my stomach 's too old to take it ? You 're going to tell me how to eat now , too ? I didn 't mean it like that . I was just kiddin ' . Some things aren 't funny . Sorry , Dom . Okay . Accepted . What are you doin ' here at this hour ? I changed my mind . About what ? The stunt ? [ airplane hovering ] I 'd like to do it with you . [ laughs ] I knew you 'd come around . Now , now , String , this stunt is not as tough as it seems . All we need is a quarter-mile of straight road and for the truck to go a steady 60 , right ? Now , I 'll make a flying approach lined up on the road . The critical part is the last 6 inches . You 'll call them up from the camera ship . Huh ? Once I touch down , we 're rich . [ laughing ] What 's the matter ? Oh . Oh , I forgot . You don 't know from rich , huh ? Dom , I meant I 'd fly the stunt for you . Hey , come on , Dom , why are you bein ' so stubborn ? Because I 'm not an old man ready for the rocking chair ! I 'm a pilot and a good one . I taught you , remember ? Yeah . You taught me how to survive , too . Evidently , I didn 't teach you well enough . Because you 're still standin ' there . Hey , Dom ... I mean it , String ! ( Archangel ) I was on my way to an international conference on terrorism and you get me here for this ? Dominic means a lot more to me than a " this . " Okay . Grounding his entire operation just so that he won 't fly a stunt could be considered overkill . Yeah , and if he crashes , you call it underkill ? You sure you 're not bein ' overprotective ? No . Listen , at his age , his reflexes have slowed enough that a stunt like this just could kill him . I could get the FAA to pull his license . [ clock dinging ] That would kill him a whole lot quicker . Do you want my help or don 't you ? Yeah , I want your help , but not by pulling ' his ticket . There 's got to be some other way . You sure don 't make it easy . Well , that 's why I called for the best . [ chuckling ] Please , Hawke , don 't try flattery . You do it so badly . Maybe , maybe I could get the State to pull the film permit just long enough for Dominic to calm down . That 's a good idea . Thanks . Don 't be grateful until you find out what it 's gonna cost you . What is it going to cost me ? I 'll think of something . What 's the name of that production company ? Bear Trap Productions . Some guy named Philip Maurice . What 's the matter ? Why don 't you fly this stunt ? I told you , Dominic won 't let me . It 's the production company 's decision , not Dominic 's . If I fly it , I 'd lose a friend . You 'd be saving his life . You said you 'd help . Now you 're crawfishin ' on me . How come ? [ grunting ] Philip Maurice . He 's one of those brilliant minds that has the ability to function totally without conscience in a deadly manner . He masterminded a raid on a diamond mine in South Africa . Hijacked uranium from a defense plant in England . He stole a MiG-21 from Red China . You name it , Mr. Maurice has done it . Then every law enforcement agency in the world ought to be after him . Why don 't you just grab him and save us both a problem ? It 's not that simple . What he 's done and what he can be charged with are 2 different things . Michael , there 's something you 're not telling me . 1978 , he offered a KGB decoder to the highest bidder . I take it that wasn 't you . No , the Russians bought it back . You got outbid , eh ? You remember Sonia ? No . She 'd only been with me about a year when she went to East Berlin to bid on that decoder . When the Russians picked it up , they also got her . I can 't prove that Maurice turned her over to them , but I know he did . Just as sure as I know the sun will rise in the morning . I want him , Hawke . And this movie he 's making is probably a front for somethin ' I can nail him on . You know what you 're asking me ? If her name were Gabrielle instead of Sonia , what would you do then ? I 'll let you know . ( Dominic ) What , are you sayin ' I can 't do it ? You think I 'm washed up ? ( Hawke ) At his age , his reflexes have slowed enough that a stunt like this just could kill him . ( Dominic ) I 'm flyin ' this stunt with or without you . I 'm not an old man ready for the rockin ' chair ! I 'm a pilot and a good one . ( Hawke ) There 's no way I 'm going to undercut Dominic . ( Maurice ) Even if you could save his life ? ( Sayes ) You 'll fly the stunt ? ( Hawke ) That 's what I said . Mr. Maurice will be very pleased . I 'd like to see him . He 's out of town right now , but I can sign the agreement . There 's nothin ' to sign . I 'll do the flying ' , you pay Santini Air . [ laughing ] Why do I get the feeling Mr. Santini knows nothing about this ? I don 't know , but whatever the reason , it 's none of your business . Okay , no problem . So when and where are we gonna shoot this stunt ? We 'll be filming on several locations around the world . Your sequence will be shot in Northern California within 5 days . When and where , exactly ? What difference does it make ? Wind , weather , atmospheric conditions , fuel supply , spare parts . Not your problem , we 'll handle it . I 'd like to know exactly how you 're handling that . This isn 't our first production . Mine , either . I 'll get you a copy of your action sequence and I 'll get in touch with you about the rest of the details in the morning , okay ? Yeah . Mr. Santini , this is Sayes from Bear Trap Productions . [ Classical music playing on stereo ] I didn 't expect it from you . Not you . [ sighing ] I 'm sorry , Dom , I had to do it . To make me feel like a useless old man ? Well , that 's not why I 'm doin ' it . Oh , you got a better reason ? Yeah , if you 'll listen . Oh , I 'm all ears . Archangel knows Maurice . He 's a killer and a thief . He 's pulled off dozens of hi-tech robberies all over the world . His movie stunt is probably a cover for another caper . Archangel wants to nail him . He asked if I 'd help . [ sighs ] I 'm supposed to believe this fairy tale ? Dom , it 's the truth . Okay , supposing it is , then why are you still flying this stunt instead of me ? I told you . Archangel asked me to help . Then do it from the ground . Probably give you a better position , anyway . Damn it , we 've been through this . Yes , we have . You think I 'm over the hill , ready for the boneyard . No , I just think this one particular stunt might be just a little too risky . And if I can 't cut it , then I want to know . Even if it kills you ? Yeah , kid . Even if it kills me . Look , Dom ... [ grunts ] Come on . Come on . Won 't you even fight me like I 'm still a man ? [ screeching ] ( Archangel ) So now you 're to land a raiding party on the boxcar of a moving train , cut a hole in the roof , rescue the girl , and then take off to the strains of a symphony orchestra ? Yeah , I know . Sounds like a bad TV movie to me , too . Or the perfect cover for The Great Train Robbery . What is it that could be shipped by a train that would be worth all Maurice 's efforts ? Well , not everything goes by plane , Hawke . There 's still a whole world out there in constant contact with the ground . Precious metals , computer parts , weapons , cash transfers , art . It could be any one of a thousand things . So , what you 're sayin ' is it could be somethin ' shipped by a train in the next 5 days through the San Joaquin valley . I 'm afraid so . I could run a computer check on all government shipments , but that would still leave out corporate transfers and private citizens . It 's a start . And what 's wrong now ? I can 't use the Firm 's computers . The committee would find out what I 'm up to and want to take over the operation . Maybe that 's not such a bad idea . No , for 2 reasons . In the past , Maurice has always been able to catch on to our operations . I think he has a tap inside the Firm . You said 2 reasons . I want him personally . Besides , I 've thought of another way to get the information . A little risky , perhaps , but I 'm sure it will work . You know , you blow this , the committee is gonna bust your butt . There 's not much use for ex-deputy directors on the street these days . Well , I can always buy an ice-cream truck with one headlight . [ cars honking ] Here 's the final schedule . I 've done it all , sweetheart . I 've shot film in every part of this world , under every possible condition . Did you direct any of the famous stars ? All of them , at one time or another . Like who ? Flynn . Wayne . Fonda . [ both laugh ] All of them . That 's wonderful . Who 's in the picture you 're making now ? Unknowns . I 'm creating new ones . Into stars ? [ laughing ] Into millionaires . [ both laughing ] Oh , you 're just fabulous , Mr. Sayes . Hey , hey ... Call me Simon . [ chuckles ] Tell me some more about the picture you 're making now . ( Archangel ) Tons of it . The treasury department transfers it every year at this time from regional depositories to Fort Knox . By train ? Train , plane , truck , whatever . It 's low-profile versus show-of-force . Different type of security , but it works . Government 's been using it for years . They 've got it down to an effective system . Obviously , so does Maurice . ( Archangel ) I told you he was good . There are 6 train shipments scheduled out in the next 4 days that touch on that 500-mile fuel radius you specified , Mr. Hawke . Now Sayes dropped the name Stoner , we 're checking him out . If he works on one of those runs or is a dispatcher , he 's their inside man . It might tell us which train Maurice is planning to hit . 209 out of Bakersfield . They 're all possibilities , Mr. Hawke . I mean , that is , unless you possess some sort of ESP . No , I possess a 4 : 00am call . That 's the only gold train out of Bakersfield . I 'll arrange for air surveillance and a strike force . No , every time I 've set a trap for Maurice , he 's managed to slip it . I have to limit knowledge of this operation to the people in this room , at least until he hits the train . We 'll fly cover . No offense . I 've got someone else in mind . Who ? ( Hawke ) You 're up late . That 's what it takes to run a business . What 's wrong with it ? Anything over 120 knots , she starts to vibrate like a Hotel Street chippie . Hotel Street ? Honolulu . Where I once flew combat with your Father . In World War II , remember ? Yeah , I remember . What do you want ? I want to talk , not duck punches . Are you gonna listen ? To what , a list of old age homes ? I need your help . To gas your chopper , wash your windows ? To back me up on this job . I 'm not gonna follow you around with a fuel truck either . How about an Airwolf ? ( Sayes ) All set ? Yeah . As soon as your little army here unloads their weapons . They 're blanks . If one goes off , it 'll still start a fire . They got ' em on safety . Good . Unload ' em . [ guns unloading ] [ eagle screeching ] Oh , thanks . We could fly cover , too , sir . Hawke wouldn 't know until it was over . No . He risked losing his only friend to do this job for me . I 've got to let him play it out on his terms . I thought you and Hawke were friends . Hawke and I ? [ chuckles ] No , we just use each other . I wouldn 't call us friends . No , sir . [ chuckles ] Is that the track our train 's on ? [ laughing ] Yeah , that 's it . [ wind blowing ] Okay , baby . It 's just you and me . [ beeping ] [ engine starting ] [ engine accelerating ] There 's a train about 10 miles down there . Is that the one ? [ laughing ] That 's the one . Where 's the camera ship ? [ laughing ] " Where 's the camera ship ? " What 's so funny ? [ Sayes continues laughing ] Mr. Sayes has a very juvenile sense of humor , Mr. Hawke . Drop down 50 feet and fly a heading of 180 . Now , Mr. Hawke . ( Archangel ) Dominic , do you read me ? Loud and clear . You didn 't report on station . I 'm sorry . I didn 't know I was still in the military . Do you have them in sight ? Negative . But I got the train spotted . They should be there by now . Well , they ' re not . Are you sure it 's the right train ? Did he really call you that ? There it is . Right on time . ( Sayes ) That 's your target , Mr. Hawke . ( Hawke ) If he slows down or speeds up , we 'll all be dead . Then let 's hope he doesn 't . ( Stoner ) Express 1 , this is Stoner . You still on schedule ? That 's a 10-4 . Just entered the Mojave straightaway . ( Stoner ) I wasn 't sure . Our speedometer here shows you 're down to 42 . You know your alarm goes off at 40 miles an hour . ( driver ) Something 's wrong . My speedometer is reading 55 . Probably needs recalibration . I 'll tell you what . Why don 't you nail it to 60 for the next couple of minutes and hold it steady ? That 's a 10-4 . Okay , boys ... They 've got to be there . ( Dominic ) Well , come up here and see for yourself . Sir , Stoner isn 't with any railroad . Meryl , we 've got a slightly larger problem than locating Maurice 's inside man . But , sir , he is a dispatcher with Hi-Desert Trucking . They ship gold for the government , too . Got her , Mr. Maurice . Then we no longer need you , Mr. Hawke . [ firing ] He 's got to be dead . Don 't worry . I can fly her off of here . I 'm bettin ' our lives on that , Vinnie . ( Archangel ) You 've got to get there faster . I 'm flying her as fast as I can . What 's your air speed , Dominic ? ( Dominic ) 250 knots . He 's not using the turbo thrusters . He can 't , he 'd never be able to control Airwolf . Oh , what the hell , you only live once . Well , you sure took your sweet time getting here . Sweet time ? You 're lucky I got here at all . You were supposed to be robbin ' a railroad , remember ? If Archangel hadn 't found out about some guy named Stoner working for Hi-Desert Trucking Company , I 'd still be followin ' a train to Bakersfield . Hey , Dom . Yeah ? Nice landing . Give me full power , both turbos . We got some catching up to do . [ beeping ] You got it . ( Vinnie ) That 's it , Mr. Maurice . We can 't lift off with any more . Vinnie , how much do Sayes and Miller weigh ? About 8 to 10 bars . Let 's make it 10 . Got a blip 5 miles ahead . Just a few more minutes , guys and you can pull over to the side of the road of the road and throw up if you want to . [ laughing ] Hey ! Hey , you can 't leave me here ! [ screaming ] I believe Mr. Sayes had an accident , Vinnie . [ laughing ] [ beeping ] Aren 't you gonna notify the authorities , Mr. Stoner ? 2 minutes ahead of schedule . Very nice . Very nice , indeed . What the hell was that ? You want chain guns ? No . Vinnie ! [ firing ] He 's crazy ! He 's going to kill us . Do something . Sure , I will . I 've had enough . Give me the chain guns , now ! Hawke , you can 't . Chain guns . You got it . Come on ! String , don 't do it . No ! Please don 't ! That 's enough ! Michael , I 've got Maurice and a friend , packaged and ready for you . ( Archangel ) Good job . Shall I pick ' em up , or will you bring ' em in ? We only gift-wrap . We don 't deliver . What 's the rush ? Too much for you ? Supposed to be exercise . We already had the war . Come on , come on , this old man ain 't done yet . Did I ever call you that ? No , but you made me feel like it . Now , Dom , you made yourself feel like that . What , are you quitting ' on me ? Maybe . And maybe not . [ laughing ] You know , Dominic , you 've always been younger than me .
