 THE MAN WHO SAVED THE WORLD ( TURKISH STAR WARS ) " By going into space and landing on the moon , " " ... the space age begins . " " The space age is an era of progression for man . " " Thousands years they lived this way . " " Space age had been passed , now began the galaxy age . " " Thousands of years passed and earth 's planet system ... " " ... turned into the galaxy system . " " Civilizations and history had become past . " " Man adopted a simple life as in primitive ages . " " And with all their power they initiated ... " " ... relentless struggle to find immortality . " " Earth nations , civilizations , race ... " " ... and religions became one . " " There was only one human life form and tribe ... " " ... in the galaxy age . " " Earth was facing the danger of extinction ... " " ... as a result of a crazy nuclear armament . " " Earth had avoided such dangers a couple of times before ; " " ... not a single force had been able to destroy the earth . " " However , in some cases , earth had been disintegrated into parts . " " Parts which fragmented off the earth had become meteor in space . " " On some planets life was still going on . " " However the nuclear war gained momentum . " " For the sake of the rulers becoming more powerful ... " " ... while the beautiful and happy world was madly destroyed ... " " ... suddenly Earth came across a mysterious , strong enemy . " " Our world , formed into matter from rays and energy ... " " ... five billion years ago ; " " got fragmented into dust by laser rays in the galaxy age .. " " Who was this enemy ? From which galaxy was he ? " " Humans used one single weapon against this danger . " " They started to resist with a shield welded ... " ... with human brain and willpower . " " A coating formed by ... " " Earth was turning into dust under every attack ... " " ... and was hiding behind the protecting shield . " " A weapon to breach this shield could only be constructed ... " " ... with human brain and will power . " " But however strong their weapons , " " ... the enemies of the earth did not have brains . " " The value of the world and the humans in infinity ... " ... was the greatest weapon . " " Not a single human warrior ... " " ... sent to find this unknown enemy returned . " " Human tribes united and tried to find a solution . " " The only solution was to find the enemy and fight with it . " " Two strongest and greatest Turkish warriors ... " " ... and others , sailed into space ... " " ... and declared war to the unknown enemy . " " Some humans did not get involved in this war . " " But every human able to combine imagination with reasoning ... " " ... was determined to join and win this war . " We caught the earth in its weakest state and now it is easy to conquer . But they still resist . This I can 't understand . What I understand is the power of human brain . If I can get hold of a human brain I can conquer the world . It is time to attack the earth ! Battleships , wait for my assault command ! To the base : I 'm ascending . I 'm ascending too , Murat . Be cautious , they are approaching . I 'm dropping altitude . On your back , coming ! Thanks pal . They 're coming be careful ! Nice shot . Well done . We must breach the layer protecting the earth . Destroy the earth ! As if humans use magic . There is just no end to them . They come in masses . Let 's go over them . This is what suits us . We must cross over the space speed . Be prepared to counter the incoming enemies . Those ones are too sour faced . I 'd prefer some chicks with mini skirts . They 've learned to use their brain as energy . If I capture a human brain I can capture the world as well . An unknown force is attracting us towards itself . We got far from earth . The displays do not function . I don 't know what this force is . This is a very dangerous situation , be careful ! Earth , to be unable to reach you does not mean to lose . We are getting away from the earth . We couldn 't get free from the unknown force . Tayfun 2 come back ! Tayfun 2 ! Tayfun 2 ! Come back ! Once again you escaped from me , earth . No force can save you next time . Then I 'll be the most powerful one in space . Where are we ? I don 't know . We must know where we are . Otherwise we may die of famine and thirst . I am tired like a dead man . Let 's rest a while . This is what they want . Once we drop down we are done . Would you condemn me if I told you I 'm afraid ? Be afraid but don 't show it . Why ? Maybe we crashed on a planet inhabited only by women . They could be testing us to check which one is more courageous . Then I take the lead . But don 't forget to inflate your chest . " Here they saw documents of all nations , ages and civilizations . " " Millions of years ago they too had faced ... " " ... an unstoppable force and enemy . " " But what was the end of it ? " It was a big war . One explosion and the rest I can 't remember . How did we crash on here ? We have no ship , no weapon , nothing at all . We did not crash on here . They made us crash . I told you that a mysterious force is drawing us upon itself . Yes , here we are . But our end is unknown . " These pictures were made as signs of evil and death ; " " They were similar to nuclear weapons of today . " " This meant that they lived in a most developed atomic age . " " Maybe they got extinct by an atomic war . " " Would Earth be destroyed once again by this mad nuclear war ? " Could what you have told be true ? What ? A planet inhabited only by women . Why not ? I wish we had our music and a bottle of champagne . Then start your famous whistle that no woman can resist . You whistled wrong . Why ? Instead of women , skeletons came . What are these ? Who are they ? What strange things they are . Probably not your darlings on earth . I think we have been captured . You 're very smart . I admire your intelligence . If you win your life will be excused . This is a game of death . Losers , when you die our master becomes happy . Your blood supplies youth and happiness to our master . Prepare to fight . I suppose we have come to the circus . I am having a bad dream . I want to wake up . I 'm afraid they are taking us to a place of eternal sleep without lullaby . The feeble ones are dying . The galaxy era is my immortality era . I want my child back ! Take my life ! Leave my child ! - What are we waiting for ? - Let 's do whatever you want . Fight against injustice ! Catch them . Catch the humans . Human Blood . Humans ... Humans I was waiting for . Humans ! Humans ! Humans ! Don 't let them escape . Catch them . This way master . Be quick . Get inside . They 'll come back . Their wish to see me will bring them back . They fear something but they take good care of us . They don 't want your good looks bring any harm . Can 't you be serious at all ? You know why the atomic war , ... which made our world nearly extinct , started ? Why ? Humans were too serious . Much of it annoys . Had they known a little about laughing , ... they 'd have chosen peace instead of war . Then let me laugh some , so this hell turns into heaven . Nothing has changed . It will ... At this time they shun us . When they become sure of us they contact us . They 're in , master . Unless those humans are a trick of the Wizard , ... this may be a chance of salvation . Let 's go . Who are you ? An old man . An old and faithful wise man . Combine what you have seen with what you will see . The secret of space is here . You carry weapon , I carry knowledge . We are alike . Because we are humans . Did you find what were you looking for ? You know what are we looking for ? Yes . You were the mechanized humans of a developed technology . On this planet you found your history , the happy civilization of your ancestors . Yes we have seen those traces . But it seems their civilization was much more developed than ours . And they were using that technology to make all humans happy , not to destroy . They had their beliefs , their hopes . And they were all brothers . Because they were all from the same tribe ! The 13th tribe ! The 13th tribe , is the tribe of our ancestors . So which part of Earth is it here ? Here is the land of infinity full of darkness . Thousands of years ago , ... Earth was shattered by the first atomic war . Everything turned into rocks , spread to the void . So one of those parts of the Earth is this place ... and its owner , the Wizard , is about to conquer the Earth . After you arrived he won 't let us in peace . These people 's lives are in danger . Our enemy is here . Then we stay . The Armageddon has just begun . I did not forget you , earth . Now I am luckier than you . I 've waited 1000 space years to destroy you . You can not find me . But I can find you anytime . You 'll be mine pretty soon . There you are facing me . You 'll be destroyed ! Waiting is a terrible thing . Let happen whatever is going to happen . Actually , we must know what is going to happen . How are we gonna know it ? We 'll understand it . Come with me . Come on , be quick ! This way ! Get in ! Don 't forget . You are human . A human should only use his force to destroy evil . I 'm so hungry ... The lunch is ready . My sister has prepared it . What is the menu ? Fried insect and boiled snake . Yuck ! I won 't eat . If you don 't eat , your good looks would go bad . You helped humans , you will be punished ... You will become dead-alive ! We will meet again . I liked you much . I 'll be back . She has fallen in love with you . No , she just realized the beauty of feeling . She realized she 's a human . Leave me ! Let me go ! I say leave me ! Don 't you ever get close to me . You can 't reach me . I am the one . If needed I can get multiplied infinitely . I am here . I am everywhere . Or I don 't even exist . I am immortal . I signify mankind 's anger , hatred and desire for revenge . My power has no limit . I possess every force that has accumulated since the life begun . You humans did not die . Your battleships were been destroyed in flight . Annihilated . But you are now on this planet as living ones . I 'm the one who brought you to this planet . To make use of you . I will beat the earth using you . For thousands of years no one could escape my infinite power . What I want is always under my possession . The world will be mine too . As they are . You are humans . You can 't resist your feelings , your conscience . That beautiful girl and that poor child made your hearts ache . And this is my weapon against you . I will make use of your mercy , your affection , your sympathy , your humanity ! They are my guests for the time being . I invite you humans to my palace as well . I hope that our encounter , ... which started with fighting , concludes in friendship . It would be a shame if we didn 't accept this kind invitation . Let 's go . I liked this place so much . They 're so hospitable . They even gave us festival suits . Let 's wait for the end of this . We wanted to come here , so we came . But let 's look if we are going to see what we want . I can break this resistance with the secret of those two humans ' brain power . We must break their willpower . It is you who will succeed this , queen . Our master wants to see the man from earth . Our master wants to see you , man from earth . Me ? Yes , you . Look at my luck , I always meet the tin men . I guess you 'll get the girls . Stop talking . Walk . Kid , be careful , you are hurting me . Stop talking . Walk . I am the queen of this planet . I wanted to stay alone with you . Well thought . At the end I can see a beautiful woman . Women on earth should be more beautiful . Your mind is occupied with earth like the Wizard 's . Why do you want the world ? We must solve the secret of human brain 's willpower . Together , we could be the most powerful in the world . Where from come the power and resistance of the human brain ? You want to steal information with your beauty . I want to know you better . Only women on earth can know me better . Forget the earth from now on ... Welcome to the land of darkness , mystery and infinity . You have seen my unbeatable power . Be with me , then may the earth and all stars be ours . No . I won 't be in league with you . We will beat you . I have invincible powers beyond the mind . You will be defeated . Because you fear . The civilization and faith of our ancestors are here . When we combine our powers with them , ... you will be left on your own . With your darkness and mysteries in the middle of an infinite void . You are evil . You are plague . The evil has always been beaten by goodness . How are you going to defeat me ? I have seen the invincible power of your mysteries . We will fight . You have only seen what is rational . All the civilization and power of your ancestors , here they are ! My power is invisible . Once I take your brains as well , ... the world and the universe will be mine . Here , this is my mystery ! Time will show Here , there is no time . We passed beyond time . There is immortality . I am 1000 years old . But I own a physical immortality , not spiritual . They too will become immortal . Bring them ! Take them away . I said take them away ! I told you to take them away ! Leave us ! Leave them ! You can 't stop . You made too much noise . The woman 's husbands have come . I wonder how you could leave those women and come ... Warp them ! I have captured them . Now it is my turn . You mean they resist ! ? The soil gives the rest to the dead . The worst torment to living kind is to bury them alive . No human can endure this torture . Set free from your body and live only by your mind and soul . Then you will be able to breathe under ground . They won 't be able to endure this torture . How strong they be , they will perish under ground . They bared the torture . Take them to arena and disgrace them . When they lose their self confidence , ... their brain will become just as I want . Nobody can stand against me in space . This is a war of intelligence . I could not break the willpower of the human . You failed against him , queen . They are powerful beyond immortality , ... more powerful than you . Only their brain . You could not bring me the brain of the man from earth , queen . - Forgive me . - You will be destroyed . Catch them . Show no mercy . I will seize his brain and increase my power . The arrest of Ali will let me gain time . This is the last chance to beat the Wizard . Son , here is the tomb of Hz . Haci Bektasi Veli . A shrine which broke off the world 1000 space years ago . Being the most rooted society , ... Islam , your religion , is the sign of the civilization . Islam has begun with the last prophet Hz . Muhammed and has been the guide of righteousness and humanity for centuries . Each Muslim is the messenger of Islam and defender of the religions . As the villains got away from their god and religions , ... the wars begun and the world has been the target of all evil in space . Your holy book Koran , embraced by the Muslims and read for centuries , ... is a book that told about the world , the space , ... and the phases which will be faced by the human civilization and all creatures that ever existed since the creation of the world and till doomsday . The book says that human should believe in his death as he believes in his birth . Death and immortality ... World was destroyed . Then around a bronze mountain came the 13th tribe . Those high bronze mountains protected from radiation . They melted the mountain , ... and made a sword with the mountain 's power in it . And they got out to the plains . Wise men gathered , they unified the brain power , ... goodness and wisdom of mankind that had been extinct for 1000 years , ... inside one brain . This sword and brain stayed on this planet which is a part of the world . Those who remained of the 13th tribe were us , ... the Wizard and the immortals . My daughter has been mute since the day ... I hid the sword and the brain . She will take you to the sword , son . You must pass all obstacles and reach to the sword and the brain . " When blasphemers started killing those believing in god , " " ... the ones with religion and belief did flee away . " " They built cities seven layers beneath the ground ... " " ... and fought with blasphemers . " " Jesus Christ was leading them . " " The cities they built below the ground were ... " " ... of the most modern technology . " " They lived and reproduced . " " Hundreds of immigrants passed through their country . " " They met them and then they understood that there is one god " " Although Christianity is a religion with one god , " " ... the search for immortality ... " " The most powerful human of reign and potency was the Wizard . " " The Wizard found immortality in the end . " " For him immortality was the greatest power . " " The Wizard has added physical power ... " " ... to his immortality by killing humans ... " " ... with his intelligence , " " ... and by sucking their blood with his tortures and atrocity . " " The Wizard and his followers become older and uglier ... " " ... but they would not die . " " This is the truth . " " The Wizard wants to take revenge on the world . " " This is the only thing he wants . " You succeeded ! You are speaking for the first time . I could not speak until the sword and the brain were seized by a mortal man . Because it was only me who was keeping this secret . Ali ! My dear friend . I am glad you have been rescued . A trick of the Wizard . He would take your friend 's brain now . Actually the Wizard pursuits me . I don 't want to make him wait any longer . Human , using your brain power I will be the most powerful one . We are unable to perform brain transfer on the human . His brain is not free . By means of thinking , willpower and brain power , ... it is linked to the other human . He is tied to his friend with all his personality . We can 't seize his brain power . This can 't be ! We can 't seize his brain power . His brain is not free . His thinking , willpower and brain power is linked to the other human . He deceived me , he tricked me , that man from earth . He made his friend to be caugh knowingly and left him to us . This is an alert ! The humans escaped . Catch them . The humans escaped . Catch them . Give the sword to me . I will tear all of them into pieces . They are only puppets . We must reach that devil called the Wizard . That 's what you think . I will use my power . I am afraid your power will put you in trouble as your good looks do . If you were smart you would have preferred champagne and the woman . So , I am not angel . Always you loose time . The world is in our hands . We make a mistake , we would cause its destruction . Do you think you are the man who saves the world ? As much as you think you are a womanizer . If the world is destroyed , all the women will die . What would you do without them ? Women who are here are enough for me . Only a fool would choose women whose husbands are monsters . I know what to choose . Give me the sword ! You did well by coming to me . Teach me the secret of unifying these two powers . I will destroy the Wizard . You will do it , son . The mystery of these ... The Wizard touched the sword and the brain . At last what he wanted happened . Now he has the power to destroy the earth . Save the world . Save the world . Save the world . O ! mortal humans ! I touched the sword and the brain . I took the power of the old wise man who died . You can no more stand against me . I will prison you in here eternally . There exists no time for me . But you won 't last for much . Your willpower shall finish . You shall drain ! You are blaming me . I know . I gave the power to the Wizard . The old man died because of me . I will take his revenge ! Stop ! Ali ! I think I am a fool . If you were , so many girls would not be chasing you . You are very kind . I love you so much . I wish my darling in my world would have loved me too . Women don 't tell about their love . Tell them , I love them all . You tell it yourself , when you get back to your world . I think I ... I won 't be able to get back . Don 't play " I 'm dying " . I don 't take it you know . You don 't take every trick easily , I know . For your sake , I won 't die ... This tear is the only happiness of the mortal man , ... his love , his hope , his faithfulness , his belief . Because the evil don 't know about tears . And they can 't know what has to come after the tears . Catch them . Take them away . The time I was waiting for . All our computers are awaiting your orders master . I am the most powerful . Starting countdown ... 10 ... 9 ... The world will be destroyed . 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... Destroy the world . To all humans : The danger is approaching . Annihilate ! Destroy ! Destroy the earth ! Kill the humans . Leave us ! I am invincible . To save the world the man from earth should destroy me . The world will be destroyed . The world will be mine . Attack the world ! May the humans suffer the pains I suffered for a thousand years . The human won 't be able to defeat me . I will take the life of the man from earth no matter how strong he is . Good bye man from earth ! I love you so much . Will you leave ? Yes . I am going back to my world , ... where no evil will dwell from now on . Good bye man from earth ! " There can 't be a human without the world ... " " ... and a world without human . " " Because human is the greatest value in the universe . " " Protect your future . Because the future is in the peace . " " The one who is going to make peace live , " ... without a doubt is human . "
