 Good morning , ladies and gentlemen . Trans European TV and Stabilelite Trust - the company of your choice welcome you on the last day of the Millions Game . Tune in to the great finale this evening with our candidate trying to reach the finishing line . Should the candidate find premature death , we 've prepared an alternative program featuring lots of popular artists . The rules of our game are in accordance with the law of " progressive recreational activity " dating from the 7th of January 1973 and published in part 2 of the " Bundesgesetzblatt " on page 964 . Yes ? Yes . Yes ! Coffee . In the name of Stabilelite I bid you welcome . The Millions Game starts on the first Friday of the month . It ends seven days later , also on a Friday . The candidate has to register at one out of ten checkpoints every day . The bonus scheme follows a value and time principle based on the duration of the game and the difficulty of the killings . If the hunters take on the risk of killing the candidate in the last three hours of the game the bonus , in case of success , amounts to 120 ' 000 DM . The bonus for the candidate , in case of survival , amounts to 1 ' 000 ' 000 DM . His survival will be confirmed by two doctors of the United Hospitals of the Stabilelite Trust . They are subject to notarial supervision . The hunters are instructed not to harm or damage any things or persons during the game . If the candidate quits the game prematurely either by his own free will or by death the full amount of his bonus will go to the foundation of progressive recreational activity an institution of the Stabilelite Trust . Who 's there ? Breakfast . Damage of things results in 5 , harming people in 10 punishing points . Their monetary value is to be decided by an impartial jury . You should let me in , if you are Bernhard Lotz . There , on the bed . How do you know my name ? The chambermaid has recognized you . Impossible . Maybe while you were on your way to the toilet . So ? What do you mean ? Did she phone anybody ? No idea . But I 'd be careful if I were you . ... it will increase by 10 ' 000 DM with each following day . Using this strategy the hunters must announce at least 6 hours before the end that they want to make use of their joker . Now , ladies and gentlemen , we wish you ... There 's the elevator . Go into the corridor behind it . And then ? If you get cut off hide there , there 's no other exit . It will be over soon . Maybe too soon . You 'll be a Millionaire . Or dead . You stay here . You come with me . Go that way . Move away for Christ 's sake ! Good evening , ladies and gentlemen . Welcome to the 15th edition of the Millions Game . The Millions Dancers , ladies and gentlemen . What you have seen here was the situation at 7am . We are spending the last hours of the Millions Game in one of the biggest cities of Germany . Don 't worry , I 'm not going to have you for a city quiz . It 's right between the Wiehen mountains and the Teutoburger forest . It 's an old bishop 's town and to you , my dear sport friends , well known by way of the VFL . Osnabrück . Let me introduce the mayor ... News : In West Anatolia the earth is still trembling . Every day the towns are shaken by new earthquakes . - Listen to them ! - What about the other stations ? Only A7 is of any interest , but it 's out of order right now . The 24th episode ! Turn up the volume on Thilo , will you ? And turn that one off . With other words , he 's been running into the line of fire of the Köhler gang . May I present my two young assistants , well known to most of you . On the right side we have ... Oh , the crap he 's talking . The viewers like it . I 'm sure you 'll understand that right now I can 't give away anything , I just can 't . I can 't tell you how Lotz spent the last few hours , what happened or what is happening right now . Maybe the Köhler gang got him already ? Did he suffer the fate of eight of his predecessors and pay for his courage with his life ? That , ladies and gentlemen , I can 't tell you , it 's just not possible . However , we 'd like to offer you a good showdown in the course of this evening . You know it , I don 't have to explain it , the end is guaranteed . That 's what happened this morning , Lots was on the run . To all of you who say to themselves : one million is a lot of money , I will participate . Think twice . It 's not that easy . Armed villains breathing down on your neck ... I don 't think that 's such a good feeling . Once ... OUCH ! ... every three months and you will be able to make love for 90 days . Oh ! Love without sorrow is guaranteed to you by Evila the birth control syringe from the Stabilelite research laboratories . Let 's pray , ladies and gentlemen , that he survives this adventure . In which , and let me stress this for your , he 's got the chance to win 1 Million DM . Let 's pray that he gets out of there in one piece . We have a guest for you . A man who has the courage to say , in spite of the last 7 days ... Köhler ... Lotz ... I want to be the next candidate in the 16th episode of the Millions Game . Thank you . That 's Ulla , I haven 't introduced her yet . Thank you , Ulla . Mr. Kowalski . Let me say hello to you . Judging from your handshake I can say that you have a lot of strength in you . Mr. Kowalski , have you seen the show , fifteen episodes so far ? All of them . The weekly specials ? I 've seen them all . And you still want to participate ? Of course . That 's quite something . What 's your profession ? I 'm a barkeeper . And your strength comes from tapping beer ? From lifting kegs . All kidding aside , what kind of sport do you do in order to keep yourself in good shape to be able to run away from the Köhlers ? You 're aware that they will be joining us again in the 16th episode ? Yes , I 'm aware of that . What 's your sport ? Everything . Running , soccer , handball , swimming , cycling , judo . Cycling ? Not on the bar , I suppose ? No , not there . Judo too ? Yes . Show us some ... With you ? What do you mean ? You think that I can 't withstand you ? I wanna see how good you are . I 'll throw you on your back . My oh my , you are not shy . Well , go ahead . I see . That 's enough . Thank you . What 's that throw called ? Hip throw . And with the hip throw you think that you 'll be able to throw the Köhler gang on their hips ? It 's a question of training . Right . Have you ever done something similar to the Millions Game ? Yes , I was in " Guessing and Risking " on Saturday evening . Oh well , third program , nobody is watching that stuff anyway . Dear Mr. Kowalsky , I wish you good luck . I hope that you 'll win . The same luck that we wish Mr. Lotz today we wish you for the 16th edition . Me too . Mr. Kowalsky , all the best to you and goodbye . Those men have sensational courage , haven 't they ? At this point let me say that there are many helpers there are so many good Samaritans in this country who at the right moment say to themselves : I 've got to help here and now . That 's why the hunted is often not as much in trouble as it seems . But don 't forget , as we have just seen in the trailer , there are also people who are helping the Köhlers giving them clues on the whereabouts of our candidate Lotz . But the majority , ladies and gentlemen , simply fears for the life of Bernhard Lotz . Will he survive ? There 's no easy answer , because that 's the nature of the game . Do you know Mr. Lotz ? Yes , he 's the hunted from the Millions Game . Are you regularly watching the show ? Yes . I 've seen all the episodes so far and I 'm very curious . Sure . Everybody 's talking about it . But not even a Million justifies such a show . I haven 't watched it from the beginning , but it 's highly interesting . It could be your son . Well , I don 't know . As far as that is concerned he 's not my type , I 've got other preferences . What do you think about the show ? Is it tasteless , is it humane ? It 's very modern . Marvelous , magnificent . Modern ? You mean shooting people ? Well , not only that , but to experience the meaning of life . I 've been staying away from the TV for the last few times . Since it 's not right to tempt somebody into risking his life . So that the audience can have its spectacle . It 's questionable , what do you wanna do about it , it 's television after all . I don 't care at all . As long as it is entertaining . It 's quite a thrill . One feels tempted to participate . You 'd like to join yourself ? How will it end ? I thought he was already dead . I hope that he wins . He 's sympathetic and courageous . I very much hope that he wins . He has certain advantages compared to those three men . He 's not that brutal , he 's more intelligent , and he 's got instinct . Would you like to have a husband who risks his life for a Million ? Oh yes ! Very risky . Your thoughts ? What shall I say ? It 's entertaining and exciting . Is that your ideal of a man ? Not an ideal , but I sympathize with him . I don 't think that he will get through . They will catch him and finish him somehow . Do you think he could quit without losing face ? Hardly , not after such a long time , now he 's got to stay with it . Thank you very much . The Hearts of Souls . Ladies and gentlemen , as you know , or as you should know Bernhard Lotz rented a room last night in the Hotel Terminal under false name , of course . As seen in the last clip he has been discovered there . The chambermaid Cornelia Zinn has told on Lotz . We 've asked her the question that you would have asked her yourself . Why did you do it ? Justice ! Everybody is helping the hunted , the hunters are always on their own . They are only doing their job . I 've gotta work as well , I know what it 's like . Are you sorry for what you did , Ms. Zinn ? No , I 'm not sorry . Or maybe you are angry that Lotz has escaped ? No , that neither . Are you relieved ? No . Why ? You 've heard it yourself , what can I say , that 's the way it is . Surly you remember this man , the waiter of the Hotel Terminal who in the last moment helped Lotz escape . A brave Samaritan , Egon Freitag . Say whatever you want , but interviewing is not his strong point . It depends . You 've said that before . The early birds among you have watched the live transmission have seen how Lots escaped into this house , Gerberstrasse 134 . He was probably not to sure about the security of this place himself . Have the hunters stayed on his heels , or could he shake them off ? Or maybe it turned into a mortal trap . We will found out in the next few minutes and hopefully know more . Lotz here , do you hear me ? Of course we do , we can see you too . Stay calm . Our camera teams are with you . On the rooftops on the other side . At least you 'll get good pictures if they shoot me down now . Get a grip on yourself . What 's gotten into you ? Do you think you are doing us a favour by getting killed now ? Listen to me , you ... You have signed a contract . Has anyone called ? Anyone ? - Start the music , right now ! - Music is playing . We will take it off the air . Are you ready ? We are ready . I just wanted to ask if maybe someone called for me ? Just somebody ? I 've said to Thilo that this guy will get us into trouble . But nobody is listening to me . It 's bordering on ignorance . I talk and talk and talk but nobody is listening . They will make me responsible for it , but I won 't have it . I have written a memo , may I ? That 's all you can do . Has nobody called yet ? Don 't you think we 'd have told you that ? Is Mr. Uhlenhorst there ? No , he 's still sleeping . Camera team number 3 is still not in the corridor . What if he tries to escape and gets shot , we won 't have any useful footage . Why is team number 3 not in the corridor ? We 'd be right in the line of fire . What a mess . 7.6 % That 's what I 've thought . 7.6 % is quite a lot for this time of day . Save your wisdom for Dr. Brackmeyer . What will become of you when tonight instead of the finish we 'll have to broadcast a funeral . Hello , Lotz ? What will the men from Stabilelite say ? Whatever . Lotz ? Do you hear me , Lotz ? Yes . Yes . I can still get you out of here . Not through the cellar , no cameras there . If he 's gotta die at least make him go to the windows . Remember the contract , Lotz . I 'm supposed to jump out the window ? From this height ? If he goes to the window it 's over , he 'll be shot . Yeah , but at least he 'll be in the frame . Thilo has hired this guy , I won 't be held responsible , that 's for sure . Samaritan service , how can I help you ? My name 's Gustaf Franke , I once lived in that apartment . Put him through . Stay on I will connect you further . We are ready . Heads up ! This is Gunther Moulian , can you help Lotz ? I hope so , yes . Do you hear , Lotz ? Yes . Please hurry . The door . What 's your name ? Gustaf Franke . I once lived in the same apartment . The apartment that has been hit by gunshots . Speak slowly and clearly . I see them standing in front of the entrance door . What can you tell us ? I 'm not sure , this was 12 or 13 years ago there was a window that we covered up with cardboard and only provisional it 's in the bathroom . We sealed that room off , and once the wall paper was there ... The window leads to the backyard . Below the window is a shed , you can 't see it right now in the TV . If it 's still there Lotz should be able to jump on it . It was such a long time ago . There ! You see ? Just as I have told you . Well , if the shed is still here , Lotz could jump on it . You see , it 's such a long time ago ... Well , ladies and gentlemen , as you witnessed the Köhlers once more didn 't succeed . Still it was very close this time . I 'd like to ... it 's always difficult to read what 's on such a small piece of paper . The good Samaritan who called was Gustaf Franke we 've all heard him speak . The good Samaritan who sent smoke-bombs and hired a man to throw them that was Gabrielle Steinfurt , from Delmenhorst , Schrimmweg 14 . I believe she 's here with us tonight . Dear Mrs. Steinfurt , come to the stage , just take your bag with you . I know you will feel more comfortable with it . Mrs. Steinfurt ... You see , the audience is on your side , my compliments . It was nothing . Don 't be modest . Everybody would have ... it 's like a duty , I mean ... Most people think that way , I know , but there 's a few who think : What 's it to me ? I won 't win the Million . I don 't think so . There are so many nice people . But you have decided to act . I 'd like to know , Mrs. Steinfurt , I told the audience that you had sent five smoke-bombs and you had hired a man who threw them . Who was it ? We should thank him for his bravery , shouldn 't we ? He has risked his life after all . That was a friend of mine ... a neighbour who ... Would you tell us his name ? I 'd rather not , I think he 'd get into trouble if I told you because he 's freshly married and ... So what ? ... and he 's done it for me . It was a good deed , his wife will be proud of him , I 'm sure of that . No , I ... You don 't want to ? Fine , let 's forget about it . Another question . Did you pay him or did he do it voluntarily ? No , it 's because he 's a good friend of mine , actually it 's a harmless little story and I really don 't know how I should ... Mrs. Steinfurt , don 't worry . I 'd like to thank you and your mysterious friend , should he be watching us right now . Thank you , Mrs. Steinfurt , for your initiative . By the way , those smoke-bombs , where did you get them ? Well , it 's my profession . I see , the smoke-bomb industry ? Or rather the firework industry as a whole ? No , it 's because , well , my husband 's a pyrotechnician . I see , a fire workman . We have a factory at home . My parents they have a factory where they produce fireworks . I don 't know ... Look at the tears in her eyes , how wonderful . Dear Mrs. Steinfurt , let me thank you again . And thanks to the man who threw the bomb , thank you in the name of TETV . This is your applause , take it with you home tonight . Here are some flowers for you . Dear Mrs. Steinfurt , thank you . What else ? May I ask a little favour of you ? Sure . My children are watching , could I say hello to them ? Of course , there 's the camera . Well , good evening Lilly , Ecki and Tilly . Thank you very much . This mother has just become a TV announcer , with tears in her eyes , I think that was sweet . Thank you , Mrs. Steinfurt . Before we continue with our program here 's a message from the Stabilelite Trust concerning your health and well being . Bring the wild and adventurous life of Monte Carlo to your home . It 's captured in " Quell Monte Carlo " . An exquisite refreshment from the springs of the Stabilelite Trust . Revitalizes not only the men but the women too . Instantaneous results . For many beautiful hours . What do you want ? I 'm hungry . You 're the one who is supposed to be murdered , right ? I haven 't eaten for two days . We are closed until noon . You are him , aren 't you ? Lotz . Aren 't you ? Yes , that 's me . Come in . Did you know that I 'd come ? I don 't have time to watch television in the morning . Does it taste good ? Maybe they 'll shoot him here . Shut your mouth . Will he get compote too ? Go away . What time is it ? A few minutes past 10 . 11 hours left . You will never last through this . I don 't understand guys like you . I don 't get to sleep anymore . I 'm slowly losing my focus . In the beginning you were in better shape . Did you see how I escaped from the glass factory on Tuesday ? The way they shot the mirrors . I 've placed them there deliberately . But I 'm getting more and more tired . Last night I should have slept , three hours would have been enough . In the beginning nobody recognized me . Only during the first few hours . I have recognized you in a second . Everybody knows that show . Most people are helping me . I don 't know . You mean the chambermaid ? Are you expecting someone ? Do you have a second exit ? No . Only through the hall . I don 't want a shoot out in here . Don 't open it . Of course not . He could use the freight elevator . I 'm from TETV , could I have a look around ? Ladies and gentlemen , we are now standing in the kitchen in which Bernhard Lotz is hiding . He doesn 't seem to be around but there are many hideouts in this place . Maybe this employee can help us out , excuse me . Is Mr. Lotz still here ? No . Has he been here ? No . All right , we 'll have a look around in the adjoining rooms . Lotz had to go through his most dangerous adventure today after being on the run for seven days . The Köhler gang was close to catching him . Indeed , he looks very tired now . Mr. Lotz , how do you feel ? " Good " would be an exaggeration . You 've got a hand injury , do you think this will handicap you ? That 's nothing . If it doesn 't get any worse ... Judging from today 's events one gets the impression that you are lucky rather than smart . That 's a good sign , isn 't it ? On the other hand , if I could rest for an hour I 'd feel even more optimistic . I don 't think that would be very prudent , since we found you here I 'm sure that the Köhler gang will find you as well . Well , ladies and gentlemen , whether he should take a nap or not , only Lotz himself can make this decision . 11 / 2 hour later , Lotz didn 't lie down , although he believed that he had left his pursuers behind . That was a misjudgment , as you can see in our next clip . One last time we have been flying very close towards Lotz . In the background there you see the hunters . Lotz himself hasn 't noticed them yet . Köhler is ready , but he falls , he holds the others back . Lotz has seen them , he runs across the field towards the nearby woods . That 's his only chance to escape . He falls to the ground and then runs on . He 's getting slower . He 's probably hurt himself in the fall . It 's questionable whether he will reach the forest . Yes , he comes closer and disappears in the bushes . The hunters have no more chance of shooting him down . Zero pill ... zero pill ... zero pill ... eight ... nine ... Ten zero pills every day and you can get as slim as you want . Buy your dream figure . Buy zero pills . A new success of the Stabilelite research laboratories . Falls on the ground ... this guy is really worthless . He should have gone to the left . That wouldn 't have made any difference . Are you going to write another memorandum ? I 'm just saying that if he 'd gone to the left we 'd have had a better view of him . With less luck the show would have been over after 24 hours . We do our best and your candidate acts like a retired circus boxer . My candidate ? I 've told you that I 'm not responsible . Do you read me ? What 's going on ? Any helpers standing by ? I 'll find out . Hurry for Christ 's sake . Let me tell you , Moulian , I won 't be responsible if the show flops . We are all sitting in the same boat . If something goes wrong we are all going down . If the show is boring , or ending too early ... Are you telling me that that 's never happened to you ? I mean ... Boss ? Yes ? These helpers are available : Granny Wegner , Claudia Müller and Karlheinz Fockner . Shit . Who 's closest ? According to my files Ms. Müller . Very good . Put her through . I 'll try . Boss ? Yes ? I 've got her . Okay . According to new intelligence Lotz is 11 / 2 miles away from here . Okay . Show me the index . This is the last time that we are helping your guy out . Go over there . How do you know that he will come from this direction ? Because that 's the direction he 's been taking before . So what ? Go over there ! Why do we wait here ? It 's gonna take forever ... Don 't talk , just go . Hurry ! Are you sure that he 'll come from that direction ? Shut your mouth ! Not too soon . He doesn 't suspect us . Shit ! Hurry , get in the car ! Are you waiting for an invitation ? Wasn 't that exciting , ladies and gentlemen ? Right here on the big screen . Claudia von Hohenheim , that 's her name , that 's her applause . Simply spectacular ! You 'll agree with me , ladies and gentlemen , at home in front of your TV , that felt so good to see this courageous young woman say to herself : Here 's someone in danger , I 've got to help him . With cleverness she told herself : Now I 've got to get into my car , he 's got to be somewhere in my area . Right then , she has been ready , exactly in the moment when Lotz needed her help . This , ladies and gentlemen , was another situation that could have gone wrong . We have told ourselves , like in the case of Gabrielle Steinfurt let her come here , we 'll go and pick her up , we want to show her to our viewers and say that 's the woman who has helped , that 's Claudia von Hohenheim . But she said , no , I 've done something for which I don 't deserve any applause . I 've done it out of solidarity . You have applauded her , and I 'm sure that everyone here and at home thinks this way , this is something that one has to do . Something , let me tell you , which encourages us . It 's so much fun to see how millions of people try to help our candidate to get away from his pursuers . At this point , I have a confession to make , Bernhard Lotz has escaped us . He 's escaped our cameras . We have just received confirmation that he has been injured . Let 's hope that he doesn 't have to give up , it 'd be a real pity , since he 's such a courageous fellow . I 'll get back to you as soon as there 's any news , as soon as our cameras have found him . I 'll keep you informed . For now , I 'd like to announce a show to you . With courtesy of the Parisian Opera I 'd like to present Chantal to you . This time with her new partner , Dumont . Hey Thilo , how 's it going ? Wonderful . We 've got a great show tonight . What an old number . Not even my grandmother could laugh about that . What don 't you like about it ? Can you laugh about it ? That 's not my problem . Did I hire them ? The audience likes them . Have a look at the index . What 's that ? The rest of the recording . May I see it ? We didn 't show it . Why not ? We can 't kindle the imagination of the audience and then show that nothing really happened . I 'd like to see it anyway . Roll it . I 'm totally exhausted . I 've hardly slept the whole week . I 'm sure you haven 't . That was quite a stunt you pulled there . To tell the truth , it was almost too late . I was ready to give up . I don 't think it 's a good idea to give up . At least I showed that I could last for seven full days . And the money ? I don 't care about it anymore . Really ? I swear it . One of your predecessors gave up , didn 't he ? Yes , Brändle . I 've read something about him . What was it ? He gave up after four days . They put him away after that , he was ... well ... I think that last month he hanged himself . You see ? He couldn 't stomach the idea of giving up . And you think you could live with it ? Yes , I do . Are you not afraid that ... How many viewers are watching the show ? 50 million ? More ! Everybody would point with their fingers at you . There 's the coward from the Millions Game ! The coward who talked so big . Who lost his nerve at the end . You 'd have to emigrate , some place where they don 't have TV . Yeah , well , there 's only a few hours left . Over there I 'm gonna drop you off , I 've gotta go home . Couldn 't you maybe , just a few more ... I 've helped you when it was close , don 't you think that was enough ? Yeah , okay . I 'm sorry . Without you I were ... Well ... Yes . I 'd like to have your nerves . Why ? The dancers have almost finished and Lotz still isn 't in sight . Should I look for him myself ? That 's a good idea . But it ain 't my job , Mr. Ziegler . I 'll have a look . I 'm right back . As far as I 'm concerned you needn 't hurry . Turn the first program on . Okay . The television stations , neither the commercial stations nor your program can change society as a whole , this can 't be our sole purpose . Thus , it would have a positive effect on society , at least it appears to me that way if we provide an outlet for social aggression in the form of game shows instead of directing aggression against society itself . You in particular should support this , since you believe that a frustration in connection with strength and as a result an aggravation of aggression takes place among the non-emancipated fathers ... No , not at all . You are taking for granted that I 'm convinced that ... What a bunch of wiseasses ! ... I 'd say that commercial TV with such shows ... Do you read me ? We are at the main station in Cologne . We 've just found out that Lotz will arrive here in about 5 minutes with the D-135 train . Köhler and his men are here as well . I 'd like to interview them . Hurry . Onto the stage ! Hurry ! Go on . Hurry . What are you waiting for ? Sharp 's the word ! I 'm on my way . We 've got him ! We ? We 've spotted him on the train to Leverkusen . Who 's we ? How should I know ? What about the interview ? We 'll do it afterwards , as soon a s we can get hold of the Köhler gang . Ladies and gentlemen , please forgive me , I 've got to interrupt here you will hear and see why in a second . Thank you Dumont . Chantal , ladies and gentlemen . It has come to our attention that Bernhard Lotz just arrived at the main station in Cologne . This is such an exciting moment , we want to know how he 's doing and what has happened to him in the meantime . I 'm sorry , there has to be a mistake . This seems to be the long awaited interview with the Köhler gang . There 's Witte . That 's Hänsel . And the boss with his somber look . Köhler himself . Finally , we 've caught them waiting for Lotz , the Köhler gang . If the camera could follow me . I don 't think that Köhler , Hänsel and Witte will wait for us . Right now , they are standing here as if they couldn 't harm a fly . But our regular viewers know how dangerous these fellows can become . So close before the finish I think it would be interesting to know what Köhler and his gang have been doing before hunting people for television . Mr. Witte . What about you ? Well ... I was a jack of all trades . My last job was peddling vacuum cleaners . And then something went wrong . What went wrong ? Well , I had to disappear for a while , laying low . In other words you were on vacation on couldn 't see anybody ? That 's a way of putting it . Mr. Hänsel , I think you 've traveled a lot as well . You were a driver ? Yes . I 've earned my money with driving , in Germany and abroad , I 've done some smuggling too ... That 's how we got to know each other , and since then we work together . How long , Mr. Köhler , are you working together with Hänsel and Witte ? A few years . Are you happy with them ? I can 't complain . But you can 't be happy with the course of events of this week , can you ? Why not ? It 's soon midnight , and you haven 't caught Lotz yet . Aren 't you getting a little nervous ? Not at all , we haven 't even started yet . We have been on his trail and we 'll wait until the last moment the later we kill him the more money we get . Yes , that 's the rule of the game . I understand , but I 'm not sure whether I understand your self-confidence , that 's another question . Anyway , you seem well prepared for these last few hours . Could the camera please pan down a little , right here on Hänsel . Careful , don 't put the muzzle in my face . Machine gun , lots of bullets . Mr. Hänsel , how many people could you kill with that ? I 'd say 20 , at least . I 'm sure you could . For now , we are more or less safe . The safety gate here is still on " s " . As soon as it changes to " f " I wouldn 't want to be anywhere near them . But that 's just my opinion . You , Mr. Köhler , will look at it from a different perspective . Don 't you mind , if you should finally get to Lotz in these last few hours killing him for the money that you will get from our company ? No . It 's our job you see . I mean ... What else should we do ? We 've accepted the job and we 'll finish it . Have you ever considered of doing the job that Lotz is doing now ? Yes , why not . I could do that sometime . I 'd never do your job though . Why not ? It 's no fun . At least I don 't have to shot people . Excuse me , we have to go now . One last question . What will you do with the money should you get it ? We don 't buy any microphones . Goodbye . And off he goes , ladies and gentlemen ... Yes ? Well ... I ... I know what to do with the money , you can be sure of that . Concrete plans ? A house , a fast car , nice women ? A house ? I don 't know ? Nice women , yes . A car ... but with a house you get stuck to a place . Good evening . Aren 't you ? Yes I ' am . Listen up . Lotz will soon be here . You know him , right ? Lotz ? Yes . Make sure he 's your passenger and bring him to us . What about me ? Some extra cash ? Sure . Enough ? Okay . Can I count on you ? You can count on me . Well ... not bad those Köhler boys . I think they deserve your applause , the Köhlers , since what would a hunt be without the hunters ? But we should look at what 's happening at the main station in Cologne . Just a few more hours for the Köhler gang and then we will know whether they make a lot of money or maybe the whole work was for nothing . Mr. Köhler , what 's it gonna be ? Make-or-break ? I 'd like to present the new Kling Klang knife collection from the Stabilelite Trust . Forged by tradition and progress it will make all your wishes come true . That 's the Kling Klang tomato knife which easily cuts tomatoes in half . That 's the Kling Klang bread knife which cuts bread without leaving any crumbs . That 's the Kling Klang butter knife which spreads the butter evenly on the bread . That 's the Kling Klang potato knife which peels your potatoes . That 's the Kling Klang sausage knife which cuts even soft sausages . That 's the Kling Klang meat knife which cuts through meat without effort . And that 's the Kling Klang knife for people who talk too much . The right knife for every occasion . Lotz ? Over here . I 'll drive you . Don 't worry . They are in the station . Hurry up . We 'll be gone in a second . They won 't get us . Where to ? May I suggest something ? To the north ! What do you mean " the north " ? To Düsseldorf , Sohlingen , Wuppertal ? To the north . Car 695 , going from main station north to ... Hey , what are you doing ? Calm down , it 's routine , headquarters needs to know where we are . Not today . Drive me to Thüren . But that 's in the west . Exactly . I 'm getting out . Come on , stay , we 'll drive on , don 't be stupid . Come on . Get in the car . Don 't do anything stupid . Headquarters ? Do you read me ? Hello ? This can 't be true ! We will find him in a second . You of all people . Shit happens . Not during the last two hours . We 've carefully instructed him . He knows that he 's to stay in contact with the team . Your instructions don 't seem to have made an impression . Ladies and gentlemen , at home and here in Osnabrück , let me tell you . We 've got 24 camera teams that are permanently on Lotz ' trail . And almost always observe the deeds of the Köhler gang as well . Let me stress the word " almost " , since 24 cameras are not enough as soon as Lotz hits the road . For this situation , ladies and gentlemen , we have prepared a clip for you . It 's about the question : How does one become a game show contestant ? How does one become a game show Millionaire ? The career of Bernhard Lotz started 10 months ago . We have it on film . Please , roll it ! My name 's Robert Moulian , I 'm head of the department of " competition games " at TETV . I remember well the first visit of Bernhard Lotz . Although we receive almost 90 applications every day . Dear Mr. Lotz , I 've good news for you . The results of your evaluation by our test committee , I hope you don 't get too excited . Not at all . They are very positive . You 've got a bright future ahead of you . You 're one out of a million who might become a rule model for our youth . We 'll give you the opportunity . I 'll never forget that . Until today you have lived in absolute anonymity . Which is due to unlucky circumstances . That 's very true . For example when I went to high school ... This phase of your life is over now . It 's part of your past as a nobody . From now on you can show to the world what you are really made of . You can count on me . Do you have a driver 's license ? Yes . But I seldom drive myself , behind the steering wheel I mean . That 's perfect . I 've just the right show for you : For me ? Right now ? " Godspeed " " Godspeed " ... It 's not such a big a show . Local TV , in the afternoon for half an hour . But if you happen to be the first you 'll get 5 ' 000 DM . It 's a start ... Only if you are the winner , it won 't be easy . Beside the money , you 'll automatically be invited to " The Real Thing " . I 've seen that show . That 's the one were you anesthetize people . It 's harmless . An ordinary death game . When they wake up they 've gotta solve a problem . I 've seen the episode with the guy who woke up on a submarine . All alone , under water ... That was Tim . Unfortunately , he couldn 't handle the instruments . He went down . It was just a small sport submarine . Probably would have happened to me as well . Our failures in " The Real Thing " are negligible . Last year , the failure quota was 8.3 % . In other words , at least ten people get the chance to win before someone loses . Yes , well ... but a submarine like that ... Don 't worry too much about it . If you should get on the show you won 't wake up in a submarine . There 's never twice the same challenge . I can 't swim either . I know that . But you are not there yet . Right . First to " Godspeed " . What do I have to do there ? First , you gotta sign down here . Just a formality . If something should go wrong they can 't make our company liable for it . We are not small-minded , but we reserve every right to ourselves . Another one here ... Thank you . Have you talked to your wife about this ? No , it 's supposed to be a surprise . The show will be tomorrow in three weeks . So soon ? Yes . And what am I supposed to do there ? It 's a competition show , you 've gotta be first . There are 54 competitors , and everyone wants to win . Win what ? A car race ... We 've got the fastest cars on the planet . And a very nice course . Yes ! I 've won ! Congratulations , dear Lotz , in two months you can be on " The Real Thing " . Wait a moment . May I take a picture , please ? Here are some flowers for you . And now smile to the camera . Great . Come with me now . That , ladies and gentlemen , was how the fabulous career of Bernhard Lotz started about 10 months ago . So much for the past . Now let 's get back to the events of today . I hope we are able to make contact with the next control post which he should have reached by now . There he his ! Everything works smoothly . Thanks to our outposts . He crosses the street . There 's no traffic at the moment . He 's not the freshest anymore , which is no surprise . He crosses the street , looks to the left , looks to the right but the Köhler gang is not as close as one would have suspected them to be . That 's the next control post of the TETV games , he 's at the " Gasometer " . For now , ladies and gentlemen , back to what happened in the past . He 's won on " Godspeed " although he 's stated in a previous interview that he wasn 't a very good driver . The young fellow has done it . A courageous boy . But you already know that . But how did he do in the next show " The Real Thing " ? If you have seen " Godspeed " about seven weeks ago , then you have witnessed how Bernhard Lotz won in a truly murderous race . Today , he has no contestants . He doesn 't have to compete against anybody , he 's all on his own . He 'll just have to stay on top of the situation . In a few moments we 'll see how he manages to get out of this situation . What happened ? About a quarter of an hour ago he was anesthetized with a harmless agent . He 'll be awake in a few minutes , not knowing where he is . Well , in a few minutes we will know more . That 's not Bernhard Lotz because he 's still up there . How did it go ? Fine . He 's still sleeping . Still sleeping ? Yes . Any difficulties ? No . When will the auto pilot turn off ? I 'd say in about five minutes ... How long will the fuel last ? He 's got fuel for another 10 minutes . Another ten minutes ? He doesn 't have more than 15 minutes in order to find out how to fly the plane ? That 's right . 15 minutes for finding a way of how to get the plane and himself safe on the ground ? That 's right . Well , I guess we are all very curious how Bernhard Lotz is going to do that . We 'll see in a minute , if he can master it . Welcome on board of our Cessna 100 . The plane is still on auto pilot . In two minutes it will turn off automatically . You 'll have 5 minutes in order to land this plane . Break a leg ! Don 't panic , Lotz . Five minutes is a long time . I 've never ... never with such a ... Well , this doesn 't look too good . At least he brought the plane back on the ground , that was better than expected . He 's hanging upside down in the cockpit . They 're pulling him out now . I can 't see whether he 's sustained any injuries . He 's got a small wound on his forehead . The doctor will take care of him and examine him carefully . Let 's hope that the sympathetic guy from Leverkusen will get out of this adventure in one piece . This , was " The Real Thing " , it was the second test for our candidate . Let 's turn back to present events . After the last transmission you might have felt that Bernhard Lotz would reach the next control station without any trouble . That was a misjudgment . Therefore , I 'll give back to my colleagues on the outside . Do you read me outpost ? How 's Bernhard Lotz doing right now ? Hey , how long do you plan to search on ? You 've got him ? I know where he is . You 're looking for him with your feet , I use my head . Get in the car . Or would you like to stay here all night ? Try to think for once , for Christ 's sake ! There 's one question which right now is on everybody 's mind in this last phase of the Millions Game : How 's Bernhard Lotz ? How do you feel about his plight ? It 's madness ... pure madness . To sacrifice a human life for 1 million . That 's ... The risk 's too high for my taste . One might argue that Mr. Lotz has taken this upon himself voluntarily . He 's an idealist that 's for sure . For me Bernhard Lotz and his eight predecessors are nothing but victims of a political and social system which displays its willingness to sacrifice human life for profit or media sensation . I think when someone wants to jump into the water one shouldn 't buy him a boat . I 'd argue that human life is worth more than 1 million . Would I do it if it 's not absolutely necessary ? Luck is what he needs . If he doesn 't have it bad for him . I can 't see why a show like that should be called Millions Game . It could easily turn into a bloodbath after all . I 'm watching the show with great interest , which is usually the case when I watch TV . It was his decision , he took the risk now he has to suffer the consequences , he can make a lot of money after all . I can 't say much about it . Especially here in Osnabrück I wish him all the best . It 's very fascinating . But it 's not my cup of tea . It 's a lot of money , but if he dies he won 't be able to spend it . Anyway , I wish him good luck . Yes , we are almost there . This was the last control post before the finish . Look ! He 's just outside . What 's going on here ? Go away ! Hurry ! As you can see for yourself , these are helpful Samaritans , the truck drivers . I 'm looking at my watch in about half an hour Lotz will be close to the million . But before he can get it , he 'll have to walk through this death spiral . For now back to Bernhard Lotz on his way to us . I hear that we have made contact with Bernhard Lotz . If it works we can ask him how he feels at this moment . Just a few more seconds . There he is ! Do you hear us , Mr. Lotz ? Bernhard ? Yes , Mr. Uhlenhorst ? How do you feel so close to the finish ? So so , not that great . I guess I have made some mistakes today . You are still alive , that 's what counts . I 've underestimated it . Seven days ! It 's easy to concentrate for a few hours but seven days . At least you 've realized the mistakes you made . They 're always behind me . There 's one more thing ... Yes ? If anything should happen to me , could you thank the people who have helped me so far ? isn 't that noble , in such a moment to think about something like this . I hope that Bernhard Lotz can hear your applause . Bernhard , wait a second . Mr. Lotz , we 've got a surprise for you ! Too late . I hope the team responsible for sending us these pictures can repair this problem . It 's because we 've got a surprise for Bernhard , his mother is here . For the last seven days ... please Mrs. Lotz come to me , thank you Vera ... Don 't worry , Mrs. Lotz . Welcome . I 'm sure you are shaking all over your body . Not only you but everybody at home and the audience here , I think we have proven that tonight . Mrs. Lotz , we 've planned something for you , I 'll just give you the mic and then you 'll be able to talk to your son . He 'll show up on that screen over there , talk to him , encourage him , I think he has deserved this much . There he is . His last minutes , the last moments of his fight . Consolation by his mother . I 'll give you the mic and then he should be able to hear you . Lotz ? ! My son ? ! Mother ? I 'm here with Mr. Uhlenhorst . Is father there too ? No , he staying at home . You know him ... But he 's watching the show ? Of course . My son , you are much better than in the previous shows . Even Krahnenberg visited us yesterday and told me how surprised he was of you . He doesn 't mean it . Yes he does , honestly . Well ... I knew that you 'd do fine . Mother , I 've got to go now . I understand . Just don 't give up on the last meters . You can do it . The worst is behind you . The villains are quite angry that they didn 't get you yet . And take good care of yourself , you hear me ? Good luck ! He can do it . Yes , I think it 's sensational that this boy , your son Mrs. Lotz , after seven days is still that strong . That 's incredible . Well , I think it was a good idea that I encouraged him . That was a VERY good idea , Mrs. Lotz . He 'll need that now . It 's because he listens to what I say in the past I was the only one who truly believed in him . He has always been some kind of an outsider . Outsider ? Well , I don 't know how I should put it ... In a negative or positive sense ? No , no , no . In a positive sense ? There was something special in him , for example in the Hotel Exzelsior he had already worked himself up to the second floor . But they just wouldn 't let him ... He was a truck driver too , wasn 't he ? Yes , but only a co-driver . A co-driver ? ! Only a co-driver . That 's not true . They wouldn 't let him drive by himself . If they 'd seen him on " Godspeed " , I 'm sure they 'd have rued their decision . I think so . I 'd also like to see the faces of his old colleagues . You know what ? We 've got to get on with the show in order to see what happens next . We are all waiting , the millions of viewers at home and the audience here . We 've got some flowers for you . Dear Vera , could I have them ? Thank you ! Mrs. Lotz , this way please . Vera will take you back to your seat . Yes ? Could I say something else ? Of course , go ahead ! I 'd like to thank all the viewers ... the viewers who have helped my son . And those who have been against him , I want them to know that I , his mother , will forgive them . Thank you . Dear Mrs. Lotz , thank you for those kind words . I thank you . Goodbye . Vera , please take Mrs. Lotz back to her seat . She 's just smiled a little . I liked that , how wonderful . Now , we should get back and see what is happening on the car yard . Drive on . One moment please . What now ? Could I have an autograph ? If you insist . Turn around . We may not meet again . Thank God for that . Me too . We don 't have time , we 've got a job to do . You drive to the office and try to look beautiful . You only go to Heaven once , don 't you wanna look beautiful there too ? Institute Cento makes it easy for you . Once in your lifetime you pay 50 DM and eternity will smile at you . Order your free Cento catalogue today . With hundreds of heavenly beauty secrets . Write to : Institute Cento , Stabilelite Trust , 5 Cologne , PO box 127 . my boss may get angry with me but I 've got to say that this commercial wasn 't well placed there . I know that TETV will not forgive me for saying so . But , after such an emotional show I just couldn 't hide my opinion . We are only a few minutes away from the end of today 's show . From the end of the 15th edition of the Millions Game . We 've just received confirmation that Bernhard Lotz is reaching the final post . We 'll go live outside to the final post . I 'll give to Eberhard Schneider . Good evening , this is Eberhard Schneider , final post . What 's the situation ? It 's quiet . No trace of Lotz . We are still waiting . Do you read me , headquarters ? Here 's outpost number 2 . Ask him what 's going on . What 's going on there ? It 's Lotz , we 've just found him . I 'd say he 's collapsed , but only a doctor can tell . What 's your position ? A-4 , sector 3 on the exit road to Baden-Brück close to the railroad crossing . We 've planted some red lights . Stay there and try to get him back to consciousness . Over and out . Emergency patrol . Come in . Emergency patrol . The stake 's high . You gotta bring him back to us , no matter how . He 's collapsed . Get him a doctor and bring him back here . Hurry up . I 'll give you the position . All right , boss . I 've just received a note , and it doesn 't look good . Please , Mrs. Lotz , stay calm , everybody stay calm . Bernhard Lotz has suffered a dizzy spell . Don 't worry . Good Samaritans are with him right now . A doctor is there too . Let 's pray that he gets through the last minutes as well as he got through the last 7 days . Considering the courage with which he presented himself over the past 7 days I 'm sure he wouldn 't like us to be depressed at this moment . That 's why , I 'd like to suggest , since this is a game show , and since 1 million are at stake here let us do something that Bernhard himself would have done in our situation . Let 's forget about everything ... and play some music ! And the ballet ! Did you forget about the showdown ? Or is Lotz supposed to do it alone ? Something else ... Send a car for the Köhlers , otherwise they won 't make it here on time . Make sure that a police escort will get them through . Make this work and I 'll grant you a wish . It 's starting to look better now . You are not the youngest anymore . Spare me your wisdom , I 've got other things to do . That 's what I 'm talking about , your losing it , Moulian . That 's not a good sign for doing a tough job likes yours . At last ! It seems to work . Well , Lotz , how are you ? You see , the TETV won 't let you down . Without us the Köhlers would have killed you by now . Lotz , we 've got to play this game to the end . The way it was planned from the beginning . Do you agree ? Lotz , do you agree ? Well ? Out here they 'll shoot you down like a mad dog . Once inside , you 've got a real chance of survival . Get on your feet ! Look at you , I knew we could count on you . No thanks . I 'll do that myself . Listen to me , Lotz . No , not that way . Listen to me . Your position is over there . Go there , stand still and wait for the sign . And then run ! I 've good news for you . We 've got something for you , something we try to achieve in every show . A showdown that will take place right before your eyes , here and on millions of TV sets at home . We 've just received word that Bernhard Lots is back on his feet . But the Köhler gang is still close on his heels . Now we will witness , what we 'd always like you to witness ... Do you understand ? Great . Now walk over there . Heads up . Clear the scene . This once more proofs the extraordinary originality of the TETV game shows . Let us not waste any time . Let me call the outpost . Final post , do you read me ? To Eberhart Schneider ... This is the moment , we 've all been waiting for . Some of you might even have prayed for it . Lotz has done it . He is reaching the final post . The Köhler gang is close behind him . The have played a very risky game , and they have lost . For the time being , I should add . Thank you , Eberhart Schneider . this is the moment we have been waiting for almost seven days . In a few seconds Lotz will appear at the end of the death spiral . He 's come so close to grabbing 1 million DM . Let me tell you , to all those who have written us and asked how long is the death spiral . It 's exactly 28.40m long and with three shooting options . This is the last shooting option , it 's orange coloured . It 's the biggest , through which he 's to go in order to get on the stage . There 's the second , the green one , behind which are some stairs . He 'll have to climb those stairs , which puts him right into the line of fire in front of that green target . And there 's the first opening which ... There he is , Bernhard Lotz , hero of the week . With whom we 've been suffering , for whom we 've been praying . We asked ourselves , will he get through ? Now he 's here , he 's done it . You have witnessed how hard he struggled . And there are the Köhlers . There 's a few jeers here and there . Don 't hesitate . It 's only fair to give applause to the Köhler gang as well . Good evening , Mr. Köhler . Good evening , Mr. Hänsel , Mr. Witte . Thank you , Yvonne . Dear Vera . And my dear Ulla . Well then , dear Mr. Köhler . This afternoon you 've said to one of our colleagues that you will get him . You are now here but you haven 't caught him yet , because he 's standing up there . I 'll say it again , we will succeed and you are going to witness it . Let 's see if your promises will hold true . What about you ? I think we 'll get him . You 'll get him ? I think so . Mr. Witte . With a good mark behind him I 'll shoot him down . The best of luck to you , gentlemen . Well then . I think we can stop this turntable now . Please , dear assistants , take the men to their positions . To you , Bernhard Lotz ... don 't be mad at me , it 's probably a bit unfair against the three of them ... I wish you good luck . To you , Bernhard , Mr. Köhler , Mr. Witte and Mr. Hänsel , we are going to have a small break . To you dear viewers , here 's an important message from the Stabilelite Trust . " Quell Monte Carlo " Experience a new and refreshing feeling . Mont Carlo , the most exciting life on earth . Conserved in " Quell Monte Carlo " . The most exquisite refreshment from the springs of the Stabilelite Trust . " Quell Monte Carlo " will conquer your fatigue and revitalize your body . You 'll be lively for hours , no matter what happens . I don 't want to delay this highlight any longer . Gentlemen , you are ready ? please forgive me for saying : Best luck to you , Lotz . Ready ... steady ... go ! These , are the most exciting moments . The fate of Lotz will be decided here and now . The million is very close now . Will he get it ? Will he not get it ? That 's the question . In the meantime let me tell you , ladies and gentlemen ... inside the spiral , where Lotz is standing right now , nothing can happen to him . The outer shell is 100 % bullet proof . The shooting holes alone are posing a threat to him . One can almost feel what it 's like to be trapped inside the death spiral . Lotz seems to hesitate . He 's got to pass these last few meters . Now he 's reached the first opening . It 's Witte 's turn . He 's hesitating , or maybe , he 's waiting for the right moment . It worked . Witte only had one shot and he missed it . Now the boss , Köhler . Now , he not only has to get past the hole , but he has to climb over the stairs as well . I can hardly breathe . I wouldn 't want to switch places with his mother . Will he get through or not ? The same strategy won 't work here . An ice cold ... Another miss . But Lotz seems wounded maybe as a result from the fall . What now ? Was it a direct hit , was it a grazing shot ? He 's standing up , ladies and gentlemen . Köhler 's shot that went right through the middle doesn 't seem to have harmed him . But he 's bleeding ... Lotz , wrong direction , Lotz ! Don 't look at me like that , Köhler . I 've got to help him . Lotz , wrong direction ! He 's heard me . He 's standing up , and now ... the last opening . He 's standing . An admirable fellow . The million , one Million DM is as close as never before . The Köhlers are now counting on their third man . They are counting on Hänsel . And he missed to . Doctor ! Where 's the nurse ? Come up here . Dr. Seitz , there you are ! Hurry . What a shame , the sympathetic fellow from Leverkusen was hit in the very last moments ... Dr. Seitz please come over here , you too Mrs. Lotz , come to me . The last moments , the most difficult moments of the whole show . Ulla , please take care of Mrs. Lotz . Please stay calm everybody . You can see that our doctor , our nurses are with Lotz . I hope I can give you good news , ladies and gentlemen . The opinion of an expert , if the wound is harmless or at least not dangerous . The Köhlers are standing , some of you might not understand that they are standing triumphantly beside Lotz . After all this is a game where the stakes are very high . Stretcher please . On one hand there 's a life on the other hand there 's 1 million DM . Dr. Seitz , give us your opinion as an expert . What 's the verdict ? Well , Mr. Uhlenhorst , the gunshot wound is not deep . The bullet seems to have bounced of one of the rips . But the man is totally exhausted . He 's suffered a grave shock . We 've gotta take him to a hospital right away . I can 't believe that you ever doubted this guy . What a finish ! Don 't you agree ? Yes . Yes . What ? Do you still have doubts about my candidate ? Not at all . I may have been a little too harsh with him , I 'll admit that . Cheers , dear Mr. Moulian ! Outsiders sometimes don 't see what 's behind it . But someone like me , with years of experience , recognizes talent when he sees it . How are you ? Anything you 'd like to share with our audience ? Dear Lotz . That 's our boss , Mr. Moulian . Who 's right now ... I 'm proud of you . Ulla . In the name of TETV , here 's your prize of 1 million DM . Dear Bernhard , I wish you all the best . All the best . what an emotional moment . Bernhard Lotz has just received 1 million DM . His price for putting his life at risk . We can also see the Köhler gang getting their share . Since what would a hunt be without the hunters , ladies and gentlemen ? That was the 15th edition of the Millions Game . At the beginning of the show I 've introduced our new candidate Mr. Kowalski . He said to me behind the stage : I 'm not shocked by what I 've seen today , I 'm not afraid , I 'll be on the next show . I truly admire men like that . Let 's hope that Bernhard Lotz will soon be well again . That his wounds will heal . That his shock will pass . Let 's hope that he spends the money well and in the interest of his family . Now , I 'd like to say goodbye to you . We 'll see each other again in three weeks . Thanks for watching the Millions Game . I 'm your Thilo Uhlenhorst . The Millions Game
