 Mummy . Mummy ? Mummy , what 's wrong ? It 's me , Liz . No . Don 't come near me . What 's the matter ? You 're not real , you can 't be . Mummy , don 't. lt 's all right. lt 's only me . I thought I saw you before at the door , but I told myself I was imagining it . We came through the time barrier . Simon and me . Simon ? Simon Randall ? Yes . You remember how we used to be able to go in and out of the time barrier . This time it 's brought us here . - You 're not here. lt 's not possible . - Why not ? Jean , the director asked me to ask you ... Why are you here ? I thought you 'd gone . - Don 't hurt her . - She had no right to come . Leave her alone . She came through the time barrier . Just as you were able to do once . - Just as she was able to do ? - Yes , Liz . Try to understand . Beth is you . You when grown-up . You 're one and the same person . Two people but my only daughter - the trick the time barrier 's played on us . - This ... is me ? - Yes . - But ... But how ? - lt doesn 't matter how . Why have you come ? We 've no use for you , don 't you realise that ? - l didn 't plan anything . - Are you following me , spying on me ? We were going home from the naval station - but when we came through the barrier ... - Those absurd tricks with time . - lt 's not my fault . - How long before I outgrow them ? - This is really me grown-up ? Honest ? - Yes . I don 't understand it all either but somehow it 's happened to us . People do change , you know . At a certain time in my life I had to take some important decisions . Break with the past , become different . But why ? What 's the matter with me ? I 'm still as I always was , I don 't want to change ! My dear , I was a little idiot when I was you . I had to force myself to grow up and find a purpose to my existence . We can 't be fools all our lives , I 'm afraid . You see , Liz , you have to appreciate how much things have changed for us . How very much . Beth wanted to come to the ice Box in 1980 and it was around then we lost our home . Why did we lose our home ? How ? We won 't talk about that. I was able to come with her because I 'm a telepath and the director was interested in doing some experiments so that 's how I live now . The others experiment with physics and medicine . And Daddy ? is he here too in this ... Ice Box ? What 's to be done ? You shouldn 't be in this time phase at all . - He is here , then ? - There may be more to it than that . - l shall have to make inquiries . - What inquiries ? Simon and Liz just came through the time barrier exactly as she says . - Tumbled through by chance ? - Sort of . I don 't believe it . We don 't accept such explanations in the ice Box . There must be deeper reasons for those committed to the advancement of science . What 's science got to do with it ? When you know a little more about the ice Box you 'll only ask what science hasn 't to do with it . - Stop that , Jean ! - There was never any agreement - l shouldn 't speak my mind . - l shall report you to the director again . - What 's she saying wrong ? - Keep out of it ! You can 't interfere just because you burst in on us from the past . You 're something that 's finished with , behind me , dead . - Why did she change her name ? - Liz was childish . - l asked Mummy ! - She wanted to be different . - But why ? - Something happened in 1980 . We don 't have to answer impertinent questions from you . You 'll keep quiet from now on and I 'll find out the real reason you 're here . There isn 't any real reason , it 's just as she says . is it ? Did you know the computer had identified Liz and Simon as volunteers for the AB experiment ? There 's a very odd situation , wouldn 't you say ? The computer doesn 't make mistakes . Keep a close eye on her . Wait ! I don 't know anything about being a volunteer for an experiment . - The computer doesn 't make mistakes . - But you must know why I 'm here . If you 're me and I 'm here then you must remember this . - Simon and me getting into the ice Box . - Don 't waste my time ! And then going home to tell Mummy . You remember ? After we 'd been in 1940 , found out about the radar and why Daddy was sick . Yes , I do remember that . - For goodness ' sake , we came here . - No , Liz , I don 't think so . I didn 't know a place like this was ever going to exist in those days . There , you see ? All nonsense . I want you two to understand that this is not to be discussed until I find out everything I can . I 'm certainly not having it noised abroad I 'm one and the same person as this stupid child . Golly , Mummy . It 's all crazy . How could I - anyone - turn out like that ? Mummy , I 'm sorry. lt 's true I came back on purpose the second time but only because I 'd seen you in this room and had to know what it was all about . I didn 't mean to upset you . It 's all right , Liz . You couldn 't know about it . It 's the kind of upset I live with all the time nowadays . You mean you don 't like it here ? And Daddy ? You still haven 't told me about Daddy . Liz , this has been an awful shock to me . Would you mind if we didn 't speak any more about it just now ? So , what happened to you ? A rocket from the director ? - You bet . - You 'll have to get used to it . Here we 're all expected to behave as scientists should . Our personal lives run a bad second to the work . Yes , I 'm beginning to get the idea . - And your friend Liz ? - Well , I don 't know . I hope she 'll be all right on the ice field . The computer will find her if she hasn 't strayed out of the area . Cheer up . - Dr Bukov ? - Yes ? I 'm still finding out about things round here . What do you do exactly ? - Me ? - Your work . Well , I 'm a physicist , Simon . Everything depends on nuclear energy here , so I have charge of that . I 'm experimenting into the uses of controlled radiation . - Yes , I see . - lntelligence enhancement . - What ? - Bringing people to the limit of their intellectual powers . - Oh , of course . - lt was a great step forward when we discovered the link with exposure to radiation in the ' 80s . But you still need the right subject . I 'd like to do more , try and give it an application to everyone . - Yes . - You 've had a course ? - ln what ? - lntelligence enhancement . - No , no . - Oh , that 's strange . From the beginning I wondered why you and Liz had been chosen for the AB experiment . But the computer never makes mistakes . Don 't worry so much about the director sounding off at you , it 's his job . I 've got to have a talk with Larry , you come and have a chat too . ( Wavering tone ) Bukov , there you are at last . - What 's the matter ? - My message said pronto . Look . This is the power graph for section four , isolated from the general operational record . Watch . ( Steady high-pitched tone ) - ( Wavering tone resumes ) - A blank in the record . 0516 hours today , a five-second power shut-off . - That can 't happen . - lt 's there . I checked the reactor last night , there 's no reason for it . Just as there was no reason for the recent three-minute water supply closedown . But that was my baby - this is your turn to have " human error " blown down your ear . Yes , I 'll inform the director . - What 's wrong , Dr Bukov ? - A brief power cutoff early this morning . Nothing to worry about but we 've a number of little things like this going wrong recently . Bukov to Director , operational report . That 's funny , he seems to have switched off his audio . - He must be going into Depth Research . - What 's that ? Depth Research ? A very complex process - something the director has to do to make sure our work is proceeding along the right lines . Only he has the talent . A five-second power failure ? - The director must be a very clever man . - Are you kidding ? He leaves ordinary mortals like you and me for dead . With a computer to check his calculations and help his line of thought he must be the sharpest scientific mind in the world . He 's strange. I suppose he 's related to that other Devereaux . - What other Devereaux ? - Of course he 's dead now . I read about him in my history of science book . I wouldn 't know about that . All I know about is him . - The thing that really bugs me ... - Yes ? Haven 't you noticed ? He never sees the funny side of anything . He hasn 't got a sense of humour . ( Wavering tone ) ( Music stops ) Liz ! Where did you spring from ? - Where do think ? The time barrier . - You came back ! - Quick , aren 't you ? - But your father ... - My father ? He changed his mind . - You mean he let you come ? - Mm . - Why ? - Why not ? - He was so set against it , - l was afraid you 'd get into trouble ... - You get afraid too easily . But ... I suppose I talked him into it a bit . - You did ? - Yes . Then you wanted to come back . Liz , that 's great . Simon , I 've just found out something awful . - l 've been discovering things too ... - No , something awful . Mummy is here - l 've just talked to her . - What 's so awful about that ? - Nothing , except she doesn 't seem to like it , she 's doing telepathy experiments . - And that girl , Beth . - What about her ? Well , you see , Simon , Beth and me ... Yes ? Beth and I ... are the same person . It 's dead crazy but it 's true . We 're in future time and I 've found out Beth is me as I 'm going to be in 1990 . - You 're joking ! - l wish I was . I suppose it 's possible with the time barrier . - Even Mummy says it 's so . - You mean ... - You 're going to grow up to be like that ? - lt 's not my fault , is it ? Isn 't it ? I dunno . - Blimey . - Where are you going ? Nowhere , just for a stroll . You can 't walk out , we 've got to talk about this . - Talk about what ? - A minute ago you were glad to see me . I was , I am glad to see you . To see YOU . But if you 're going to be ... Beth ... Simon , come back ! ( Door whirring ) - Beth ? - Director , I 'm sorry to intrude but I wanted to report to you that the girl volunteer has been found . - Sound physical condition ? - Perfect . Splendid . That 's splendid . We 'll initiate the AB experiment as soon as possible . Start the volunteers on HA57 at once . I was wondering , Director . is that strictly necessary ? Necessary to start them on HA57 ? Yes , they hardly seem the right kind of people for a prolonged stay in the ice Box . Couldn 't we get rid of them after the experiment ? There must be a period of observation afterwards . Part of the scheme is keeping the volunteers at their present age for an indefinite period . - l suggest they be replaced , then . - Why ? They 're not the right kind of people for our community . Are they even the right volunteers ? You 're not suggesting the computer has made a mistake ? No . The computer instruction read , " Expect arrivals soonliest . " But it didn 't necessarily say these arrivals . Then who on earth are they ? - That 's hard to say . - Here in the Antarctic , - two people arrive by accident ? - No , unless ... - by some means we don 't understand ... - This is a fine development . - l 'm sorry , Director . - l thought I could rely on you . But you can , Director . I thought you understood . I 've admired your administrative work here , you know . I 've been thinking I should have a personal assistant and you could be right for the job . - Oh . - Not any more , it seems . Why not ? I haven 't said anything ... You 're questioning , Beth . The computer requires blind obedience . I require it . No matter how unlikely or perverse a directive may seem , it is beyond all question the right one . Liz and Simon could not have come here at all if the computer hadn 't summoned them . That 's the fact . Everything else irrelevant . - l 'm sorry , Director , I 've been silly ... - Start them on HA57 at once , that 's what 's required . That 's what we do . Yes , Director . - ( Gas hissing ) - Ouch ! There you are , your last anti-infection booster . Hardly a disease known to man that either of you could catch now , - even if you wanted to . All set , Beth . - Thank you , Dr Joynton . Come along , you fed in all the vital data 10 minutes ago . How long must we wait for the HA57 dosage ? Oh , the computer takes its own time , you know . - How about some music tonight , Beth ? - With whom ? Me . When we 're off duty. I 've found some Andre Previn in the repertoire we could have a go at it together . - l 've got better things to do tonight . You 've always got better things to do when it 's me making suggestions . - l 'll listen to some music with you . - Liz , honey , I didn 't know you cared . I didn 't mean it like that. I just like music . And I don 't like girls who can 't be polite . ( Chuckles ) They 'll be fighting over me any minute ! Liz , be mine ! We 'll make such wonderful music together ! - ( Laughs ) - Really ? Come over here , I 'll show you something . - What 's that , Dr Bukov ? - This ? - This could be called our " last ditch " . - Last ditch against what ? We have to provide for every emergency here . So , if by any unlikely chance the computer were to blow up or the reactor fall to pieces , these little bottles would be our salvation . - ln what way ? - They contain antifreeze . Oh , I see , to stop us bursting when it gets cold . If everything failed here we 'd ice over , so we 'd swallow these and manage to survive until help came . - Honestly ? - Short-term hibernation , yes . We 've solved that problem but as for long-term hibernation , that 's a headache . Did the director invent this too ? No , it 's a development from a much older technique . HA57 is the director 's great claim to fame . - lt must be an extraordinary formula . - Only he knows the secret . He keeps it in his head where it can 't go astray . So there 's nothing written down ? - Why should you want to know that ? - Like what ? You want to know too much , particularly for a boy who 's only a volunteer for an experiment . I just said we have to provide for every emergency here . We do . So , if anything happened to the director , and that 's the unlikeliest chance of all , there 's a ... testament somewhere . - A testament . - The work will go on , no matter what . The work is what matters . Much more than us . - ( Buzzer ) - There 's your order , kids . Hot and piping . Come and get it . Dr Joynton , do you always behave as if you were summoning cowboys for supper ? Don 't mind me , Beth . " Rough-as-bags Joynter " they called me at the medical school in Geneva . But for all that , I turned out a better physician and surgeon than most of the smoothies there . Take that now and come back each day at the same time for another delivery . You feed your personal statistics into the computer as we showed you . Down the hatch . What are you waiting for ? Don 't be afraid , my children , this one 's Maori magic . What men have searched for down the centuries - the elixir of life . - He 's left his office , it 's OK . - Who 's left what office ? - The director . We 're all right . - Oh , that . Yes . Bukov said there 's a testament explaining the longevity drug . The sooner I can find that for Traynor , the sooner we can get out . I 'm not sure I want to get out of here right away . I want to find out more about Mummy and what happened . What are they talking about ? Me ? Daddy ? They won 't tell me whether he 's here or ... We 'll find out whatever you like but I must find out about the longevity drug first and now 's the time - everyone 's off duty . - All right , Simon . - Come on . Keep watch and signal me if anyone comes . - Three loud knocks , OK ? - OK . What are you doing ? Didn 't you hear me , what are you doing ? - What are you doing ? - l can be here if I want to , can 't I ? - Not without a reason . - l want to see the director . - What about ? - That 's my business . - l was going to knock . - He 's not there . - Why do you want to see him ? - That 's my business , leave me alone . Come on , no trouble from you . The truth . - Answer me . - What 's going on , Beth ? She was trying to get into your office . - How dare you ! - l wasn 't ! Simon ! - l 'll deal with her later . - l wasn 't doing anything wrong . - Simon is ... - lt 's no use calling to your friends . I only wanted to talk to the director about something ... You , in here , while that girl ... How dare you ! I will kill you ! No one dares pry into the director 's affairs ... No one dares pry into the dir ... Director , I wondered if ... Ah , Bukov , just the man I wanted to see . That power failure , section four . - l thought something was wrong . - That was your fault . No , I checked the reactor . You picked up the germ of carelessness but we live an antiseptic existence . We don 't tolerate mistakes . Human error . You seem to have picked up the germ of careless ... Am I never to get cooperation from my staff ? Must I spend my years bearing the burden of responsibility alone ? Go away . Help me , all of you ... or leave me be . - What happened ? - He got his hands round my throat . - l thought he was going to kill me . - Then ? He just let go . You were in his room without permission . If you 're going to meddle , there 's something you 'd better know . Professor Devereaux is not like the rest of us in the ice Box . - What do you mean ? - Just what I say . Oh , he 's brilliant . The finest scientific mind in the world . But he isn 't a human being as you and I understand the term . He 's a new species . It 's the biggest secret in the ice Box . Professor Devereaux is different , Simon . A man of the future .
