 In the first six episodes of Timeslip , we saw Liz and Simon fall into a time bubble and get carried backwards in time . But what is a time bubble ? Well , you can 't see it , of course , but it may help you to visualise it to think of it as a balloon . Some scientists are now working on the theory that wherever you are , you are at the very centre of the universe and that the universe is really one giant sphere and that it has an edge to it . ( Tapping ) lnformation about events is flashing constantly back and forth between you and the edge of that sphere so that , at any given moment , you are mixed up in the past , the present and the future , virtually all at the same moment . But supposing a little patch of information , a patch of history , gets slowed down and instead of flashing backwards and forth it floats gently , as if in a bubble ? It might have collided with a solid object and got temporarily halted in its tracks . Or it might be being slowed by some mysterious force . Or the edge of the universe might have a hole in it . Well , supposing you could somehow get into that time bubble , that bubble of history , and travel with it , then you could move forwards and backwards in time at will . Watch now as Liz and Simon move once again through time . - Come on , Liz . - ( Sobbing ) - ( Electric buzz ) - The Germans have gone now . Liz and Simon are escaping . - ( Sobbing ) - ( Wind whistling ) ( Gasps ) Simon ! It 's so cold ! ( Wind howling ) We 'd better get her closer to the fire . - ls she really cold ? - She 's shivering ! Does she feel cold ? - No . - Ah . So , what 's happened to Liz and Simon now , I wonder ? They 're sharing something with her , obviously . - Terrible cold . - Yes . But I thought Liz and Simon only had to get through the fence to be back in their own time . Yes , so did I . But , in an area like this , one 's always learning . ( Wind whistling ) ( Footsteps ) ( Wind whistling ) - For heaven 's sake ... - Alert the infirmary , there 's another one outside . ( Electronic beeping and whirring ) Memory bank 494 / Z. Wipe ... memory . Computer wipe ... memory . Computer correct . 494 / 0 ... - ( Woman ) But where ? - l told you ... No sign of frostbite . That 's remarkable . I was out on my rounds and I found them near the slabs . How 's it possible , Dr Bukov ? Why no frostbite ? Split me , it 's 80 below out there . Wait a minute . Wasn 't there a carrier drop scheduled ? Only for supplies , not for persons . Then there 's no way they could have got here . We shall have to use the resuscitation tent . - Bukov , you look after the boy . - Of course , Dr Joynton . - They seem so young . - Hm . Very hardy , youngsters , Beth . Even if they 'd only been out there for five minutes they should be dead by now , dressed in these queer clothes . It 's a mystery whichever way you look at it . - That girl ... - Mm ? Oh , I don 't know . Right , that should do it . Well , I 'd say that these two fledglings are going to come up smiling and baffle medical science . I don 't understand it . The great thing about that is , Beth , that we don 't need to . With the various superbrains we 've got here , we wouldn 't need to know . Has the director been informed yet ? Professor Devereaux is still programming the computer , Dr Joynton . He 'll be notified when it 's convenient . ( Beeping and whirring ) 21 , computer clean memory bank . Well , no sign of them . But that doesn 't mean they haven 't come back through the barrier . They 'd be back at the inn by now . Yes , you 'd have thought so . Mrs Skinner , you 've lost all touch with them ? I think so . There 's nothing now . Just that terrible feeling of cold after they reached the fence and then nothing . - Cold , yes . - Look here , Traynor , what 's happened ? You 're the expert , you must know . I 've told you before , I 'm always learning . Mrs Skinner , I think we 'd better wait at the hotel . There 's little we can do here . Yes , I expect you 're right . Computer , clear . No , Larry. I can manage . Proceed according to schedule . - Put the computer back on auto-control . - Yes , Director . I think you 'll find ... Larry ! You made a mistake when recording the pulse readings . I 'm sorry , Director . The computer was quite explicit . You must be correct to the microdecimal . It 's the only way of ensuring everyone gets his accurate dose of HA57 . Of course , Director. I 'm sorry , Director . Human error - last enemy in a technicological world . - But Director ... - Yes ? - l thought you were going to find out ... - Well ? That stop-off in the laboratory water supply late last night . It was recorded as lasting three minutes when I checked . You said you 'd investigate it on brain link . Human error again , Larry . The computer abnegates all responsibility . The computer can 't lie so the fault must be ... elsewhere ? - Excuse me , Director . - Ah , yes , Beth , the new arrivals . - Oh , yes , you know about them ? - l 've been on brain link . Their coming was noted by the scanners but the information wasn 't clear . It seems that they are ... young people ? Yes . Bukov found them out on the ice . On the ice ? - Half-dead . - Well , well . And children ? Come in , Beth , come in . - Where am I ? - Take it easy . You 're in the ice Box . - Ice Box ? - That 's what we call it anyway . That 's where you were heading for - the lnternational Institute for Biological Research . OK ? Oh , look - your brother 's waking up too . He 's not my brother . Raring to go , by the looks of him . Well , boyfriend then . He 's not my boyfriend , either . Do you mean you don 't know him ? Look , Simon 's just ... Simon . - l haven 't got a boyfriend . - Take it easy ! At least you seem to know his name . And no sign of any ill effects on him either . I call this the funniest thing I 've struck . Let 's get the whole story , shall we ? Look , I 'm Dr Joynton , you 're Simon , - and you 're , er ... - Liz . And you both came in on the drop carrier , only started wandering off from the shelter . That was a very silly thing to do . You might get away with it once but you couldn 't hope to do so a second time . We 've , er ... We 're in the ice Box , Simon . ( Whispers ) Ice Box ? Yes , that 's what they call it . You remember - the lnternational ... - Institute for ... - For Biological Research . That 's it . ( Liz ) You remember ! Oh , yes . Yes . You bet . We didn 't get a notification that you were coming . That 's queer . Aren 't you a bit ... young for all this , really ? Oh , well , I 'll just put out a video flash that you 've come . Dr Joynton , where is this place , exactly ? You mean you don 't know ? No . But sonny boy , if you 're a volunteer , you must have had a destination briefing . Oh , well , they , er , they didn 't tell us . This whole place has been constructed under the ice . Which is why they call it the ice Box . He 'll go far , this one ! I didn 't think it was going to be so cold out there . I 've never felt cold like that before . With the South Pole just down the road , what else did you expect ? - South Pole ? - incidentally , you might have had the sense to put on some more protective clothing . The Antarctic in winter isn 't Palm Beach , my children . ( Wavering tone ) Just a moment . - ( Tone stops ) - Yeah , that 's it . Of course - the message from the computer 's quite clear . Isolate from the memory bank , please , convert to captions . There , you see ? A complete briefing from the computer earmarked for action . " Expect arrival soonliest . " Must I attend to everything ? Larry ! Yes , Director ? Reference memory bank AB / 494 / Z and scan . Comments as soon as possible . - lf it 's about the new arrivals ... - Yeah ? I did a bit of checking myself . We had no confirmation that Central Control sent any volunteers , so I didn 't think the experiment AB / 494 / Z was to be considered operational . If confirmation had been necessary , the computer would have requested it ! I 'm tired of telling people I program the computer to attend to things like this . 'Yes , Director . ' Don 't pit your wits against the computer . You 'll discover you haven 't a chance . The human element , Beth . Sometimes I think the human element will frustrate everything I 'm trying to do . You 're just upset , Director . If those two volunteers had been left on the ice we 'd have had to answer for that . The computer , Beth , every day I link to it , perfecting it , refining its operations . If I 'm not prevented by fools , I 'll bring it to such perfection there 'll be nothing I can 't do . But you 've achieved so much already . There 's no reason to feel depressed . The Ice Box has long since justified its existence , Beth , but scientific experimentation is a road without an ending . We must push on . Our task is to remake the imperfect world , to advance the human species beyond its own understanding . Would you like to see the new arrivals ? Dr Joynton 's video flash said they were ready for interview . Director ? The new arrivals . No , Beth . No , I have something more important to do . I 'll leave them with you till we 're ready to discuss the experiment . - lntroduce them to the place . - Yes , Director . - And Beth ? - Yes , Director ? Why is it I can talk to you , I wonder ? Only you seem to ... understand . - Fantasy room ? - You 'll find out why it 's called that . In you go . So , our orphans of the snows . They 're all right now ? They might as well have been sunbathing out there. I don 't get it . What do people do here ? Just relax , take it easy after a hard day 's work . It 's a sort of a fun room , really . But there are one or two special features . Over here ... ( Tapping ) One for you , Dr Bukov . Thank you , Dr Joynton , I 've been waiting for this . The computer prints off copies of the world 's newspapers as soon as the papers reach the streets . And here you can tune into to any news bulletin , any television programme on earth . - And , er , here ... - lt 's fantastic ! Now , here you can listen to music . The space is small but it 's calculated to be just like being at a concert and it doesn 't interfere with anyone else either . And here ... Come along . Now , this ... is the device that gives the room its special name - the fantasy apparatus . You put this on and you get a straight brain link to the computer . The computer takes over your dream and makes it come alive . - Do you have to go to sleep ? - No , you just shut your eyes and relax . Would you like to try it ? - Oh , I 'm not sure . - lt 's very pleasant , really . It 's like being in a film instead of just looking at it , if you know what I mean . I always go home in fantasy . Where is home , Dr Joynton ? I come from New Zealand . We 're a very international community but I seem to miss the old places more than the others . Yes , I do . You find it unusual , huh ? I 've never come across anything like it . It 's quite new . Oh , I 'm Bukov , by the way . I picked you up outside . Oh . Then we both ought to say thanks very much . We shouldn 't have strayed from the shelter . You certainly shouldn 't ! This computer Dr Joynton 's talking about , it must be pretty advanced to do all she says it does . Oh , the computer is everything here , more important than us . We are simply its servants . Heat , light , food , we depend upon the computer entirely . It even guides our research . You 're here for the AB experiment , aren 't you ? - AB experiment ? - That 's what the records said . Oh . Oh , yes , of ... of course . There 'll be no action for a while . We come at things gently here . First of all , they have to put you on HA57 and that takes a week or two in itself . What 's HA57 ? You don 't know about that ? Oh , of course , it 's a secret outside the ice Box . - Well , my boy , you 're in ... - Ah , there you are . The new arrivals . The sleeping quarters are on the floor below . You 'll be allotted places in due time . You 've no right to be here . Why did you follow me ? Don 't let me catch you interfering . That 's the director 's office . You never go in there without permission . Well , what do you know ? Company ! Larry , these are the new arrivals , Simon and Liz . Larry services the computer . Hi , Simon . Great to have you with us . And Liz . Certainly a pleasure to have another pretty girl around the place . Forgive Larry , he 's a little light-minded , likes to try and make clever remarks . Nothing clever about that . Statement of fact , that 's all . Perhaps you could explain the computer to them . The director asked me to introduce them to the ice Box but I 've had enough of that for the moment . Quite enough . - What 's the matter with her ? - Don 't take it too seriously . Beneath that rough exterior beats a heart of purest leather . - ( Simon laughs ) - What ? The computer , Liz ? Meet the computer . It attends to all our needs here . You name it , the computer does it . Ah ! Over here is the important bit . Now , this is where the daily dosage of HA57 is delivered . It has to be freshly prescribed every morning according to your body temperature , pulse rate , all that . - What is this HA57 ? - The longevity drug . What does that mean ? Well , you know , longevity - long life . The drug stops the process of decay so people who take it don 't grow any older . You mean they can live forever ? Oh , I 'll have to have notice of that question . But it 's the director 's biggest discovery since the ice Box was founded . Take Dr Joynton - how old would you say she was ? - Ooh , I don 't know . - Well , I 'll tell ya . She 's getting on for 100 . - No ! - On the level . - ( Simon ) Blimey . - And you , Larry ? Ah-ah . What we do in the ice Box is test out new biological techniques until we 're sure they 're safe for release to the public . We have to find out about the side effects . The things you 're doing here are pretty way ahead . The outside world doesn 't know a thing like the ... longevity drug is possible . Just as well it doesn 't . Look at that business of brain-computer links . People were doing themselves a lot of harm until we perfected a system in 1985 . - P-P-Perfected when ? - Hm ? You said you perfected brain-computer links in ... 1985 . - Something the matter with you two ? - No . It 's just 1985 ... Well , that would be ... how many years ago now ? What 's up , forgotten how to count ? No . Look , Larry , we 're ... just a bit confused , getting lost on the ice . But 1985 ... Six ... seven ? I 'd say you are confused . 1985 ought to be five years ago to my reckoning . Isn 't this 1990 ? - We 've got to get out of here . - Simon , how can we ? I don 't know but we 've got to . We 've somehow slipped into the future and we 're not going to stick around to be guinea pigs in some experiment . - Will the time barrier still be there ? - Look ! If we wear these when we 're on the ice , we won 't collapse again . Ah , Dr Bukov , I wanted to ask you about Liz and Simon . - You discovered them on the ice ? - Yes , Beth . And there was no indication that they could have come from the drop shelter ? There 's nowhere else they could have come from . I 'd better have another word with them . Get the door open ! We 'll have to make a dash for it . ( Simon ) Not that door , fathead ! No ! Simon ! I won 't ! Mu ... Hey , you two , what do you think you 're doing ? Stop ! - Come back ! - ( Door sliding ) ( Wind howling ) Pull yourself together ! But Simon , you know who was in that room ? It was Mummy !
