 Yes , it 's here. I 've found it . Come on . - Simon , I 'm scared . - Why ? Suppose it doesn 't work ? Suppose it all goes wrong again ? We might end up in goodness knows where . It won 't go wrong this time , because we want to get back to our own time . How do we know going back will stop Devereaux ? It 's the only thing we can do . If only we 'd realised it 's not Traynor who 's the threat , but Devereaux . - He 's responsible for the Burn Up . - How ? The Devereaux we met in the ice Box wasn 't a clone , but a projection of one . - What ? - ( Mr Randall ) Are you coming ... We must hurry . If the Devereaux in the ice Box isn 't a clone , then what is he ? Please , Liz . All right . Devereaux as a clone is merely a projection . A projection of what he could become in the future . But how did it all start ? The Burn Up , the ice Box , the room without windows . - Simon , tell me . - Oh , come on . - At least we 're on familiar ground . - Yes , no jungles or ice fields . - l wish I knew the date . - Simon . Commander Traynor , how did you escape ? It 's no good , Liz . We 've come back to our own time . Take them away . Don 't know ? Don 't know ? Our own daughter could be anywhere and you don 't know where she is ? Frank , I don 't know. I wish I did. I care as much for Liz 's safety as you do . I 'm her mother , remember ? I 'm sorry , darling . Of course you care for her . But we 've got to find them . We 've just got to find them . My feeling is we should go direct to Colonel Murray . - Traynor 's boss ? - We can 't go to Traynor or the police . What good can Colonel Murray do ? What will you say to him ? Two children have disappeared into a different time phase ? Oh , no . Liz and Simon live in a world that no one else will ever understand . Look , when you were under the influence of hypnosis , you saw Liz and Simon in some kind of office . Now , what office ? - l don 't ... - Come on . Try to remember . What did it look like ? Anything on the walls , the furniture , anything ? I can 't. lt 's just no good . You saw Liz and Simon standing in the middle of a room . And there was someone else in the room , sitting at the desk . A man . You didn 't like him . You didn 't trust him . - No . - Why ? Come on , Jean , try to remember . - Why didn 't you trust him ? - l don 't know ! How often do I have to tell you , Frank ? I can 't see Liz and Simon . God knows how many times I 've tried , but I just can 't see them . Have you any idea what that 's doing to me ? It 's tearing me apart . Oh , Frank , I wish I could make you understand . This second sight . You know they call it a gift ? It 's torture . When I was in that sleep , it was different . It was like staring into a crystal ball , everything was so clear . The moment I opened my eyes , it was as though a ... a steel curtain had been suddenly pulled down in front of me . I 'm awake and yet I can 't see . Oh , Frank , I 'm scared . I 'm so scared. I don 't think we 're ever going to see Liz again . Well ? Negative . - So I was right . - Dr Frazer ... We must stop this . Surely you can see that . - You mean the rejection symptoms ? - No , the longevity programme . - HA57 doesn 't work . - Look here . It doesn 't work and never will until we test every particle of the formula . We 've been doing it for years . We have no right to subject human lives to a drug that hasn 't been proven . Somewhere along the line , this formula doesn 't balance . In my opinion , HA57 needs at least another five years of intensive research . There comes a time when testing has to give way to application . Even at the risk of human life ? Have you ever known a time when it wasn 't at risk in biological research ? HA57 will one day prove itself the greatest lifesaver since penicillin . We can turn death into a thing of the past . HA57 is having the reverse effect of that envisaged by Devereaux . We 're advancing senile decay . No drug is perfected in five minutes . You should know that . Five minutes ? We 're talking about five years . Devereaux started these tests five years ago and this is as far as we 've come . Nurse , take the patient back to the ward , please . Dr Frazer , why do we want to extend life ? Surely the one we 've got is enough . Why be afraid to die ? It 's easy for you to say that , Pitman , at your age . ( Moans ) Maria , what have they done to you ? It 'll soon be over . It 's just as well. lt 'll soon be over . ( Pitman ) What 's going on there ? Get this patient on oxygen as quickly as possible . Can I see you for a moment , please ? Yes , Mr Pitman , what is it ? The patients , our volunteers , are not responding to treatment . Unless we combat rejection sickness within 48 hours , they could all be dead . - Shall we discuss this later , Mr Pitman ? - Later ? This is the same room we were in five years ago . Then it had windows . Perhaps that 's how Traynor escaped . Who cares ? We 're never going to get out of this place again . Which means that this is an outer wall . I wonder what 's on the other side ? We 're in our own time , anything can happen to us . We 're trapped . Stop feeling sorry for yourself and we might find a way out of here . I 'm not feeling sorry for myself . You 're not a bad girl but at times you 're a drag . You think that bursting into tears is a solution . I 'm very sorry , I 'm sure. I hadn 't realised I 'd been such a hindrance . But it wasn 't my idea to come back through the time barrier . That 's the most extraordinary part of it all . We spent all that time in 1965 and yet the moment we stepped back through , Traynor was waiting for us , in exactly the same place as we 'd left him . Well , it was as though time had stood still . A most interesting theory , young man . Perhaps you could explain it to me . - Why Traynor ? - Traynor works in Whitehall . - Simon went to his office . - l don 't see ... lt all adds up . If Traynor hadn 't shown interest , Liz and Simon would be here . - lt wasn 't Traynor I saw under hypnosis . - l still think Traynor is the clue . Here we are . Ministry of Forward Development . - Right , we 're on our way . - Frank , just a minute . Frank , supposing we 're wrong and Liz and Simon wanted to go back through the barrier ? - They 'd have been back by now . - Not necessarily . I 'm not waiting any longer . This time I 'll get them back for good . Hello , Ministry of Forward Development ? I 'd like to speak to Commander Traynor . Time . Time is our great enemy . We can neither stop it nor start it . But now , thanks to all our efforts , we can control it . You 'll never control the natural life span . Not your way . - My way ? - HA57 is a killer and you know it . It 's going to take at least another 20 years to perfect it . You think so ? You may be right . All the more reason why I would expect you to do your duty . - Duty ? - You know the future . You 've seen it . You could help us to advance our research by 20 years . How many times do I have to tell you ? I never discovered the formula . It died with Devereaux in the ice Box . Why are you doing this to us ? Why are you keeping us here against our will ? - After all we 've done to help you . - You 've only ever hindered me . We went back into the past to 1965 . Devereaux was holding you prisoner in this room . You begged us to help you . - 1965 ? - Why did you lie to us ? You 've been using this place for the cloning experiments . You never told us . - 1965 . - What happened after we left you ? Why did Devereaux try to silence you ? Why were you given a year 's leave of absence ? - That 's enough . - HA57 doesn 't work , Commander . All those patients downstairs , old people , disintegrating , dying . - Stop it ! - We saw them as they really are . As they really should be . Young people , Commander . Just five years ago , they were young , healthy people . Not much older than me and Liz . Five years ago , Commander ! I don 't give a damn where he is . Get Commander Traynor or I 'll go straight to the Minister himself . Hello ? Hello ? Oh , blast you . - What 's happened ? - Hung up on me . - lsn 't Traynor there ? - He 's there , all right . It 's obvious he 's avoiding me . We 'll see about that . - What are you going to do ? - lf he won 't come to me , I 'll go to him . - You 're going to his office in Whitehall ? - Yes , I am . - l 'm coming with you . - There 's no point . I 'll have a better chance of getting in if I go on my own . - We 'll see about that . - You 've been through enough already . If Traynor 's responsible for Liz and Simon disappearing , then I want to know about it . Liz is my daughter too , Frank . Don 't ever forget that . He 's mad , isn 't he ? Commander Traynor . He 's stark raving mad . No , I have a feeling it 's something far more serious . Something we 'd never realised before . When we told him about seeing him in 1965 , he didn 't remember . - Or pretended not to . - No , he was troubled by it . Now , why ? I don 't understand why he should be so changed from five years ago . What did they do to him ? Surely he couldn 't have forgotten . How could you forget ? This room - he was sleeping in this very bed . - lt just isn 't poss ... Unless ... - Unless ? Remember in the ice Box , what Dr Bukov told us about the cloning process ? A clone has one major deficiency . He only remembers what 's happened since the cloning process . The real memories are only partially transmitted . Yes , I know , but what has that got to do with ... Oh , no . Are you saying that Commander Traynor , the same man we met at St Oswald 's , the man you , me , Mummy and Daddy have been talking to is a ... The answer 's been staring us in the face and we couldn 't see it . But it 's fantastic . He 's so ... ordinary . It could answer a lot of questions . Why he was away from his office for a year . Why he couldn 't remember what happened to him here in this room . He was being subjected to the cloning process . But I always thought Devereaux was the first clone . He tried to clone himself but it didn 't work . He had to find a substitute to fulfil his ambitions . Then the Devereaux we met in the ice Box , the one we thought was a clone ... Was a projection . He never was cloned . Face it . We 've been fooled . Commander Traynor is the clone . I 'm warning you . Expect serious trouble , breaking into a government building . No lD card . We are top security , you know . Where is Traynor ? Where are my daughter and Simon Randall ? Simon Randall ? That name rings a bell . Oh , yes , of course , Eden Park Comprehensive . - Miss Stebbins . - Commander Traynor is not available . - He cannot be disturbed . He 's at R1 . - R1 ? What the hell 's that ? That 's something we don 't talk about , do we , Mr Skinner ? - Frank . - lt 's like Piccadilly Circus in here . - Jean , what is it ? - Frank , you were right . This is the room . You mean this is the room you saw under hypnosis ? Yes , I think so . Well , I 'm not sure . It looks the same , but I 'm not sure . Would somebody tell me what this is all about ? It is imperative we talk with Traynor at the first opportunity . Now , how do we get to this R1 place ? lmpossible . No unauthorised personnel are allowed past the main gate . Cut the red tape . My daughter 's life is at stake . Now , how do we get there ? ( Traynor ) Mr Pitman , what are the symptoms you 're disturbed about ? ( Pitman ) An increase in the pulse . ( Pitman and Traynor continue chatting ) Liz , wake up . - What is it ? - Sh . Voices . It 's Traynor . Inertia sickness. increase iron content four grams for the next three hours . - No cause for alarm . She 'll pull through . - Yes , but for how long ? Shall we answer that question when we have to ? This is proof that HA57 is a failure . We 've got to cancel the longevity programme . The longevity programme continues as planned ! He 's right . We 've got to be careful . 60o / o of the patients show identical symptoms . We shall find out where we went wrong . It could take five years to perfect it . All these people could be dead by then . The cloning programme might have to be abandoned . The programme will succeed , Dr Frazer . That I can promise you . ( Traynor ) HA57 is the drug of the future . Devereaux 's future . But we must open the minds of those who are unwilling to part with its secret . ( Pitman ) You mean those two young people ? ( Traynor ) They are our key to the future . You 're going to subject those two children to hypnosis ? No , you can 't . You know what happened when the government investigated us . It 's forbidden to use human life in psychiatric research . The Master Plan will succeed through the efforts of scientific research , not government commissions . Prepare the patients for phase three hypnotherapy in half an hour from now . Well ? - Simon , what did they say ? - Mm ? Only enough to tell me we 've got to find our way out of this place pretty soon . It 's so frustrating to think on the other side of this is freedom . I wonder if we 'll ever breathe fresh air again . Come on , darling . There 's no point in stopping here . Traynor 's the one we want . That research centre must be around here somewhere . And so close to the old naval station . They 're out there , Frank , somewhere . I know they are . Look , Jean , even if they are , we can 't find them . Whatever lies the other side of that barrier is beyond our reach . - l want to go over there . - No , keep out of that field . The only way we 'll find Liz and Simon is through Traynor . Frank , I have to go . You understand , don 't you ? All right , but I 'm coming with you . No . On my own . It has to be on my own . Please . ( Buzzing ) Pitman , listen to me . You 've got to go , get out as quickly as you can . Don 't ask questions . For your own sake . - Run away ? - For your own sake . - ls it Traynor 's idea ? - lt doesn 't matter who . Do I know more than I ought to ? Will I sabotage the Commander 's ambitions ? What is he , Dr Frazer ? What is Traynor ? - He 's a very sick man . - You mean a dangerous man . What 's pushing him ? Why is he going on with this maniacal field of research ? He has to . He has no alternative . - This is what Devereaux wanted . - Devereaux ? Charles Traynor 's not ... not the kind of man you may think he is . He exists on only half a brain . What in hell are you talking about ? He 's only half the genius Devereaux intended him to be . The other half is the potential menace . Are you trying to tell me that Traynor is some kind of schizophrenic ? It 's worse than that , Pitman . Believe me , it 's much worse . - Simon . - At last . - Are you all right ? ( Giggles ) - Just about . - Thank goodness for that . - What ? You laughed , even if it was at my expense . - You looked so silly . - Ventilator 's no good . You wouldn 't get a mouse through there , let alone us . I feel so shut up in here . There 's nowhere . Those walls could be ten feet thick for all we know . Are we ever going to get out of here ? We 've got to , if only to stop Traynor creating his technological world . It 's probably all over now . The jungle , Beth , just one huge cinder . Don 't forget , the future 's only a projection . It can 't happen unless we let it . In a funny way , I feel sorry for Commander Traynor , after what they 've done to him . It must be lonely being the first of a new species . It 's worse going around with an incomplete brain . Incomplete ? Devereaux made a clone of Traynor , but he died before he finished his work . Traynor 's mind is split in two . Neither side knows what the other is doing . - Rather like a schizophrenic . - How horrible . Like living in sunshine on one side and darkness on the other . Have you ever tried to remember something and can 't ? It 's awful. I wish there was something we could do for him . Traynor 's beyond help now . You can survive without an arm , a leg , or even an eye , but to live in a world you can 't properly remember is the worst punishment . Wherever Traynor is , he 's going through hell . What is it ? Can you see something ? I 'm ... I 'm not sure . is it Liz and Simon ? Are they out there ? No , it 's not Liz . It 's Traynor .
