 Anybody could have sneaked up the stairs , knocked on the door . When Jerome opened the door , they shot him and went right back downstairs again . At the time of the crime , you said you were performing the water tank trick . COLUMBO : You 're not really in that cube , right ? Where was I last night when Jesse Jerome got it ? Was I here or was I there ? You see , what we have to remember is that Mr. Santini is a master of illusion . You could create the illusion of being somewhere while you were not . If you know what you 're doing . Good afternoon , sir . How are you , George ? Hey , that was quite a night we had last night . Yeah , wasrt it ? It 's good having you back . Oh , it 's great to be back . Oh , Mr. Jerome was looking for you a while back , sir . Huh ? Seemed important . Uh-huh . Everything is important to him . Could you do me a favor , sir ? Sure , name it . Could you make him disappear ? Don 't tell him I said it . Oh , trust me , you 're safe . I 'll tell you what . One night , George , just you and I together , we 'll go out and have a couple of jars . You 're on , sir . HARRY : Santini 's packing them in , Jesse , but I need more help . JEROME : The kitchen is your responsibility , Harry . Do as you wish . Of course it 's my responsibility , but good help is hard to find . Harry , Harry . Don 't bother me with trivialities . Solve your problems and leave me be . Santini . It 's good to have you back . Harry . Good to be back . Harry , be a good fellow , shut the door on your way out . George said you wanted to see me . Have a shrimp . Magnificent . From a special bed off the Yucatán coast . I have them flown in . Thank you , no . Tell me , Santini , last month , before you left for New York , you didn 't by chance break into this office and search through my effects ? What a silly question . Of course I did . And I stole your René , your Picasso , and got a lovely price for your Rubens . You know I didn 't . I thought not . It was dreadful of me even to suggest it . Thank you . Speaking of New York , I take it that this , too , is some sort of joke . $ 5,000 is hardly a joke . Come , come , dear friend . I 've assimilated the rudiments of arithmetic . Your eastern tour netted $ 100,000 , 50 % of which is ... 5 % of which is $ 5,000 . 5 % ? Mmm-hmm . No , no , dear man . We 've been over this before . Jerome , I 'm bored with you bleeding me . I 'm afraid we 're going to have to make a change in our little arrangement . There are no changes . Sergeant Mueller ... You see how the very mention of that name renders you completely helpless . You keep forgetting that I know who you are and where you came from . I was 21 . I was merely a boy . No one in the SS was merely a boy , Mueller . No one in the camps was just a boy . Unless he was being taken into the oven . Don 't misunderstand me . If you push me , I will tell the newspapers , the lmmigration Service the Israelis ... Yes , the Israelis . Oh , how they 'd love to get their hands on you . I think not . I 'm far too valuable to you . You call that value ? Mmm-hmm . I 'd do much better turning you in right now while I still have the chance , before you break in here again , trying to find the old mars letter . And don 't deny that it was you . Jerome , you really are an animal . You 're lucky . I 'm a businessman . When that old man recognized you last year , didn 't I give you the money to keep him quiet ? That was good business . And when he died and I realized that I was the only one who knew , well , that was very good business , too . That 's why we 're such a good team , you and I. You know , you do rather well considering the circumstances . Certainly better than spending the rest of your life in an Israeli prison . I urge you to look at it realistically . Have the other $ 45,000 for me tonight before the performance or , believe me , it 'll be your last performance anywhere . Heil Hitler ! Have the money for me before the show . ( DOOR OPENING ) ( DOOR CLOSING ) DELLA : Danny , cut it out . ( LAUGHING ) Go rehearse or something . DANNY : I 've done that already . Young man . Very good . But if you 're going to seduce my daughter , at least have the decency and the courtesy to close the door of my dressing room . Sir , I 'm sorry . On second thought , it 's probably to my advantage to watch your ritualistic mating . At least that way I can see how far you 've gone in the open . Oh , Dad . See you later ? Maybe grab a late supper after the show ? DELLA : Where ? DANNY : Mama Lucia 's . Sure . Pick me up around midnight . Right . Dad , I 'm going to continue seeing him . We 'll discuss your taste later . At the moment , I 'd like to check the props , daughter . Yes , Father . ( MUSIC PLAYING ) DANNY : ( SINGING ) When we played our charade We were like children posing Playing at games Acting out names , Guessing the parts we played Oh , what a hit we made We came on next to closing Best on the bills Lovers until We took in a bundle tonight , Mr. Jerome . Did Santini ask for me ? No , sir . Fate seemed to pull the strings I turned and you were gone While from the darkened wings The music box played on Sad little serenade Song of my heart 's composing I hear it still I always will Best on the bills I got to see my agent about that job in Vegas . Hey , have a good show . See you at midnight . Okay . And now , ladies and gentlemen , once again to thrill and mystify you , The Cabaret of Magic is proud to present the magnificent illusions of The Great Santini ! ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( CYMBALS CRASH ) ( DRUMS PLAYING ) WOMAN : Oh ! Thank you . Thank you . Ladies and gentlemen , each evening here at The Cabaret of Magic , we like to ... We like to have you participate in our show . We ask for a volunteer to help Santini . In the back , yes , of course . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( AUDIENCE EXCLAIMING ) ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) What about a nice hand for Mr. And Mrs. Right ? Thank you . ANNOUNCER : And now , ladies and gentlemen , The Cabaret of Magic is proud to present The Great Santini 's world famous water tank illusion . ( TAPPING ) When this cube is shut , bolted and chained , it will be hermetically sealed with the Great Santini inside of it . There will remain only five cubic feet of oxygen , adequate to keep him alive for just nine minutes and 12 seconds . ( CHAINS RATTLING ) To guarantee that the Great Santini cannot get out of the cube , it will be suspended in the tank of water while the time runs out . ASSISTANT : Hold it . ( DRUMS PLAYING ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) ( DRUMS CONTINUE PLAYING ) ( STAFF CHATTERING ) MAN : Okay , medium rare , mac . ( STAFF CHATTERING ) I 've got one well done and two medium rare . MAN : Two well done . My brandy , Mike . Here you go , sir . Thank you . CHEF : Medium rare coming up . MAN : Watch it , coming through . ( STAFF CHATTERING ) MAN 2 : I got a well done here . CHEF : How 's your steak coming along ? MAN 2 : One done , one well . CHEF : Here . Those steaks . Whose steak is this ? THACKERY : Your brandy , sir . Place it on the table . Right , sir . SANTINl : ( THROUGH SPEAKER ) Want to play a new game tonight , Thackery ? A new game ? Yes , sir . Havert been doing too well at the others lately . I 'm going to think of a number from one to four and you will tell me the number . If I 'm wrong , you may come in and collect $ 5 . But if I 'm right , no tip . Understood ? THACKERY : Right , sir . I understand . Only , tonight I 'm gonna get you . I 'm thinking of a number . I 'm thinking of a number . What is your number ? Four . Lift the skull from the table and look under it . I don 't know how you do it , Mr. Santini . That will be all , Thackery . Right . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) ANNOUNCER : Ladies and gentlemen , a nice hand for the daughter of the Master . ( TYPEWRITER CLACKING ) ( LOCK RATTLING ) Who is it ? How did you ... ( THUDDING ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) Get him out of there . Take it up , bud , take it up . Send up some coffee , please . Coffee , right . Right away . Thackery ! Yes , Harry ? Coffee for Mr. Jerome . Right . I 'll take it right up . Hold it . That 's good , bud . Bring it down . ( STAFF CHATTERING ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( CYMBALS CRASH ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) OFFICER : ( ON POLICE RADIO ) A black ' 62 Buick convertible . ( POLICE RADIO CHATTERING ) OFFICER : I 've been told to stand out here and keep people away from the door . OFFICER 2 : Have you got any witnesses at all ? OFFICER : I have no idea . MAN : We have an 11 : 00 deadline . JEFFERSON : When they come out , you 'll be able to talk to him , fellas . That 's all I can tell you . MAN : Can you help us in any way ? I cannot ... Excuse me , sir . Lieutenant Columbo . Oh , I 'm sorry , Lieutenant . I didn 't recognize you . You look different somehow . I 've had a hair cut . Who 's in charge ? Sergeant Wilson , sir . Wilson ? Detective Sergeant John J. Wilson ? That 's him . You know him , Lieutenant ? Yes , I 've worked with him before . I want everyone assembled in the main room within 30 minutes . When Lieutenant Columbo arrives , he 's going to want to talk to all of them . Sir , there 's 156 customers down there . The Lieutenant is a very thorough man . We won 't leave here until he finds the person who did this . ( SIGHING ) Yes , sir . ( COLUMBO HUMMING ) WILSON : Lieutenant ? Lieutenant . Good to see you again , sir . Wilson . Yes . John J. Detective Sergeant . How do you do ? Excuse me . Watch my hand . It 's full of grease . This is my dinner . Would you like a piece of chicken ? No , no , thanks . Is the body in there ? Yes . It 's ... That 's a new raincoat , isn 't it , sir ? It 's from my wife . Yeah . Oh , a present . For my birthday . Fits beautifully . You think so ? Yes , I must say , it 's a fine looking raincoat . It seems a little stiff to me . Well , it 's new . You 'll get used to it . Yeah . You break it in . So , what do you got ? Jesse T. Jerome . Born August 3 , 1923 . Height , 5 ' 8 " . Weight , 174 pounds . What did you do , weigh him ? No , took it off his driver 's license . What was he doing , exercising ? Sir ? His back is damp . So are his pants . Oh . I 'll put that down . You know , sir , it 's a great honor to be working with you again . I 've gained a lot of experience since our last case , you know . Very good . Hello ? Anybody down here ? ( WATER RUSHING ) Santini ? Santini , you in there ? Yes , who is it ? I 'm sorry to bother you . The police want everybody upstairs . Oh , yes , of course , Harry . I 'll be right there . One shot through the heart . The napkin was found on top of his shoulder ... The shot came from the front ? Yes , sir . The napkin was found on top of his shoulders , and this.38 caliber revolver was found next to the body . I suspect it 's the murder weapon , though I 've learned you can never jump to conclusions . But you say the time of death was between 9 : 56 and 10 : 06 . How do you know that ? By Harry Blandford . Who is that ? Well , he 's the maître d ' . Sort of a junior partner . You see , at 9 : 56 , Jerome called from his office to order some coffee sent up . So he had to have been alive . Ergo , Jerome died within a 10 minute span . Yes , that makes sense . What about the money ? The money , sir ? There 's a lot of money in here . Is any of that missing ? No , no , none of it . According to the cashier , it appears to all be there , which rules out robbery as a motive . So , robbery was not a motive . No , sir . Let 's assume he knew the person that came in . I got to take off this coat . I can 't think in this coat . Pardon me ? The coat , I can 't think in the coat . Sir ... See , I think the problem is it could have been anybody . I mean , unless we trace the gun or pick up some fingerprints ... Lieutenant ? Yes . Anybody could have sneaked up the stairs , knocked on the door . When Jerome opened the door , they shot him and went right back downstairs again . That 's what 's been bothering me . Did he open the door ? Well , I don 't follow you . Jerome was shot in the heart from the front . But the body is not here . The body landed 8 or 10 feet back . I don 't understand that . Suppose Jerome comes from the office and he opens the door , somebody shoots him , then the bullet enters from the front , but then the body is here , not there . Suppose Jerome opens the door ... Somebody he knows . Opens the door , " How do you do ? " Come on in . " He follows the person in . Now he gets shot from the front , but the body falls this way , not that way . Now , suppose he goes to the door , opens the door , whatever he sees is a threat , he turns , now he runs , now he gets shot . The body falls just where we found it , but he 's shot from the back . See , I don 't understand how this happened . How does a man get shot from the front and have the body land here ? The door has to be open . The murderer opened the door . Jerome did not open the door . Jerome is in his office . He 's anywhere . He hears the door open . Now he comes walking forward to see what happened . The murderer sees him , shoots him from the front , and the body falls just where we found it . That I can understand . Sergeant , excuse me , but some of those people downstairs are getting a little restless . How much longer do we hold them ? WILSON : Oh ... Sir , I took the liberty of holding some of the patrons quarantine ... The guests ? Yes . We don 't need them . We ... You get their names ? OFFICER : Yes , sir . Let them go . If we need them , we 'll call them . Yes , sir . We don 't ... I 'm sorry , sir . I thought it best to hold them . I thought there might be some questions that you might have in mind . What I was about to say , sir , is I don 't think that the door was open . You see , that 's a new lock . I can see that . It was only installed last week and there 's only one key , and that was found on Mr. Jerome 's person . Now , according to his partner , Jerome locked the door every night while counting the receipts . Have this lock taken down to the lab . Have it checked . Yes , sir . I 'm going downstairs . I 'm gonna look around . Fine . Lieutenant . COLUMBO : Yes ? Sir ! Yes ? Lieutenant ? Yes ? Your ... Oh , sir ? Lieutenant ! What is it ? Your coat , sir . You forgot your coat . I should try and call Danny . No , I 'd prefer to have you home tonight . Listen , dear heart . COLUMBO : Is that the way backstage ? We 've both been through a great deal tonight . Excuse me . Excuse me , sir . Sir ? The gentleman smoking on the stage . Forgive me , but backstage is off-limits . No , I 'm just gonna look around for a moment . I can appreciate that , but I don 't care to have my secrets exposed to the world . Can you understand that ? Oh , you are the magician . How do you do , sir ? You look different from your picture out front . Maybe it 's the hat . Mmm-hmm . May I know who you are ? Lieutenant Columbo . Los Angeles Police Department . Homicide . I 'm terribly sorry , Lieutenant . But you can understand my cautiousness . Forgive me , I am at your service . Oh , that 's quite all right . It was a terrible thing ... It was ghastly . I was informed of it when I came off stage . Really ? Yes , I was performing at the time . Apparently , it must have happened during the course of my trick . I was doing my water tank illusion . You know , I saw you do that on television . The wife and I , when you were at Madison Square Garden . I don 't know how you do that , sir . You 're not supposed to . That 's how I manage to stay two steps ahead of my creditors . I 'm sure you do a little better than that . Just a little bit . Lieutenant , if you 'll forgive me , my daughter is waiting for me . If there 's anything I can do to help , please ask . Less baring the secrets of my grand illusions . Thank you very much . It 's my pleasure . I 'm your obedient servant . Have a good night . The same to you , sir . Della ? What 's going on ? I 'll tell you later . Come , let 's go . Good night , boy . ROGERS : Handmade , with two special baffles . I figured as much when I saw the key . That 's why I can 't figure out how it happened . How what happened ? This lock was picked . Are you sure ? Take a look . Now , you see those scratches ? Somebody picked it open with a thin piece of steel . Impossible , but it happened . What else ? This is the napkin the killer used to keep the prints off the gun , and also mask any traces of nitrate . Hmm . As for the gun , it 's a standard Smith Wesson .38 caliber revolver . Now , we matched the serial number with a shipment that was stolen from a wholesaler in San Francisco . So , there 's no record of any ownership , no prints , no nothing . And there you are . There I am . May I borrow this for a while ? Mmm-hmm , go ahead . ROGERS : As long as you sign for it . Bravo ! That 's fantastic . Who 's that ? I 've always wanted to know how those things were done . Lieutenant Columbo . I guess you have to have dexterous hands . How astute of you . You see , my hands , they wouldn 't conceal anything . Too small . Mmm-hmm . Well , you 're absolutely right . Maximum facility . Large hands , more facile . How goes your hunt ? Sir ? The murder of Jesse Jerome . Come up with any clues yet ? Not really , sir , no . We 're stumped . I was hoping you 'd be able to throw some light on it for me . Would you like my opinion , Lieutenant ? Yes , sir . There was a gun left , right ? That 's a mark of a pro . Professional killing . It 's common knowledge that Jesse had syndicated clients . That might be very helpful . Thank you very much . My pleasure . I don 't want you to take this wrong , sir , but I have to account for everybody 's whereabouts . At the time of the crime , you said you were performing the water tank trick . That 's right . Now , when the cube is in the water tank , you 're not really in that cube , right ? Perhaps , perhaps not . No , it 's not that I want you to give away any professional secrets , sir . My dear friend , I 'd rather confess to a murder than to do that . I just don 't know what to write down in the report . You don 't know my boss . If I say you were locked in this cube , chained in without air for 10 minutes and suspended in water , the mars gonna look at me funny . So it really is a question of an alibi , right ? Actually , sir , it 's just a question of the report . Let me tell you , Lieutenant , I probably have the best alibi of anyone who works here . Anyone . And the irony is , the worst . Where was I last night when Jesse Jerome got it ? Was I here or was I there ? It 's fascinating , isn 't it ? Don 't do that to me , sir . I admit it , you know . I don 't know where in the hell you were . All I want to do is just please the superior here with this thing . Let me clear your head up for you . I had absolutely nothing to do with the crime . I 've spent half my life working in that grand illusion . It 's been wonderful for me and audiences love it . And I 'm not about to divulge the secret . But if at some point in time you and your superior , and I know he 's a tough man , insist that I come up with an alibi , I promise you I 'll produce one . But until that time , at least allow me the privacy of my professional secret . Is that fair ? Fair enough . Thank you . Have a good day . Thank you very much . My pleasure . Sir , would you mind if I came to see the show tonight ? I 'd be honored to have your presence . Thank you . COLUMBO : Could it be done by 8 : 00 tonight ? LASSITER : ( LAUGHING ) You young people . When I was a young man , time was precious . You savored it . Today , everything has to be done yesterday . But , sir , this is very , very important . And I would appreciate ... I 'll be a son of a gun . Where did you find that ? I 've been looking all over for it . In the lost and found . You left it in the cafeteria . I thought somebody stole it . At police headquarters ? All right , put it in my car . Anything you could do to see to it that I have that by 8 : 00 tonight ... Lieutenant . ... would certainly be appreciated . Sir . Could I see you for a moment , privately ? Mr. Lassiter , Sergeant Wilson . WILSON : How do you do , sir ? Yes , how do you do ? Well , I 'll get started on these cuffs . Danny Green , the singer , he was having an argument with Mr. Jerome about his contract and he wanted out . And he has no alibi . He said he left the premises to go see his agent , but he didn 't see his agent until 11 : 00 . That 's very good legwork , Sergeant , but the singer didn 't do it . No ? No . Mr. Jerome wanted a lock that couldn 't be picked . Mr. Lassiter here made it . That rules out the singer . Unless , of course , he turns out to be an expert at picking locks . But you still think it 's an inside job ? Someone ... Oh , it is . Absolutely . All right . Well , I 'll check everyone else out at the club , sir . Lieutenant , sir , your coat . Just leave it in the car . Best on the bill Lovers until Love left the masquerade Yes , of course , there 'll be a performance tonight , even though Mr. Jerome is no longer with us . I have a very strong hunch about you , my lady . Believe in clairvoyancy ? WOMAN : Yes . Your pen . Tonight , for your benefit , on that stage , I will try to reach Mr. Jerome . With your head , if your ESP is working , when I 'm up ... I just wanted to say hello . Lieutenant Columbo , delighted you 're here . Wonderful crowd you have . Mr. Santini . I was wondering , do you ... JOHN : Mr. Santini . Mr. Santini . Yes , excuse me . Yes , John ? This gentleman is from out of town . He says he knows you . How are you ? Glad to see you again . Michael Lally . The greatest wire act . He and his brother . You should have seen them . How is he ? Well , he 's still working . I gave the act up . I got a little bit too old ... JIMMY : Mr. Santini ? Excuse me . Yes ? Two minutes to show time . Thank you , Jimmy . Excuse me . Have a drink on me . Mr. Santini , I don 't want to impose . Could you do something about my table ? Of course . Where are you sitting , Lieutenant ? In the other room . In there ? Jimmy . JIMMY : Yes , sir ? May I have the guest of honor table for the Lieutenant , please ? Certainly . My apologies . Thank you very much . This might be a bit embarrassing . I brought something with me . It 's a little trick . I thought I 'd challenge you with it . I think you 'll get a kick out of it . I 'd be delighted to see it after the performance , please . Thank you , again . Hope you enjoy it . ( SPEAKS FRENCH ) Dom Perignon . This way , Lieutenant . Right down here . ( DANNY SINGING ) Just a second . I always will Best on the bill Take good care of the Lieutenant . Thank you very much . Enjoy yourself . Good evening . Can I have your order ? Yes , I 'll just have a soft drink , please . Ginger ale . ANNOUNCER : And now , ladies and gentlemen , The Cabaret of Magic is proud to present The Great Santini ! ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( CYMBALS CRASH ) ( DRUMS PLAYING ) ( CYMBALS CRASH ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( CYMBALS CRASH ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( CYMBALS CRASH ) The most beautiful woman in the world , and why not , my beautiful daughter , Della . ( DRUM PINGING ) ( AUDIENCE LAUGHING ) ( BAND PLAYING ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( CYMBALS CRASH ) ( AUDIENCE EXCLAIMING ) ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) ( DRUMS ROLLING ) ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) Thank you . Ladies and gentlemen , each evening here at The Cabaret of Magic , we like to ask a member of our audience , a volunteer , to step forward on the stage to be Santini 's attendant or assistant , if you would . Perhaps a beautiful young woman . We have a beautiful young man instead . Ladies and gentlemen , we are honored because this gentleman who stands before you is none other than Lieutenant Columbo of the Los Angeles Police Department . Welcome , Lieutenant . Lieutenant , you look like a man who enjoys a game of chance . You play cards ? Yes , sir . Down at the station ? Yes , sir . ( CHUCKLING ) Does the Chief know about that , Lieutenant ? No , sir . ( AUDIENCE LAUGHING ) Lieutenant , do you possess a deck of cards with you ? With me ? No , sir . You 're sure , not on your person anywhere ? Me ? No . Well , unfortunately , I don 't have any either , but ... ( GASPS ) Well , maybe backstage ... Lieutenant , what do we have here ? ( AUDIENCE CHEERING ) You 're holding out on us . Ace of spades , Lieutenant . ( AUDIENCE LAUGHING ) Lieutenant , what do we have ... King of hearts . King of hearts . Is that all you ... Lieutenant ! Yeah ? What have we here ? Three bullets . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) That , Lieutenant , is indeed a fine hand in any mars book , but I believe , sir , that I could possibly beat that hand . Are you holding any more cards ? Lieutenant , somewhere on your ... ( DRUMS ROLLING ) Do ... Oh , what have we here , Lieutenant ? A full deck ! ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) Quite a full deck . Lovely Della . Thank you , Della . Thank you , my lady . That ... Thank you , Lieutenant , very much . No , no , no . Thank you . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) What about a nice hand for Lieutenant Columbo ? Thank you very much . Thank you . Lights ! You know , I 'd like to challenge you to a trick . I brought something with me , a trick I 'd like to challenge him with , if I could . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) It 's ... You know , down at headquarters , we 've got these special handcuffs for dangerous criminals . They 're absolutely foolproof , you can 't get out of them , and the boys down at the station , they said nobody could get out of them , and I wagered that you would . I don 't know whether you can , sir , but would you like to try and see whether you could do that ? Would you be good enough , sir , though , to explain to my audience that I have never seen these cuffs before , and this is the first time we 've ever attempted this ? Oh , absolutely , I can vouch for that . All right . Absolutely . ( HANDCUFFS CLICKING ) I 'll raise that up for you . Make it more convenient . And there we have them . Are they secured now , sir ? Yes , sir . To your satisfaction ? You can 't get out of these . I know that for a fact . We shall try . May I have a drum roll , please ? Your handcuffs . I knew you could do it . A round of applause for the Lieutenant who tried to outwit the Master . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you very much . Thank you . Thank you . Oh , Lieutenant . You seem to have forgotten your badge . ( AUDIENCE LAUGHING ) ANNOUNCER : And now , ladies and gentlemen , The Cabaret of Magic is proud to present The Great Santini 's world famous water tank illusion . DELLA : When this cube is shut , bolted and chained , it will be hermetically sealed with the Great Santini inside of it . There will remain only five cubic feet of oxygen , adequate to keep him alive for just nine minutes and 12 seconds . BARTENDER : Lieutenant , what can I do for you ? Does Mr. Santini do this trick at the same time every night ? Like clockwork . ( LOCKS RATTLING ) ASSISTANT : Okay , take it away , bud . No one 's allowed to ... Oh , Lieutenant , okay . DELLA : To guarantee that the Great Santini cannot get out of the cube , it will be suspended in the tank of water while the time runs out . ( WHISPERING ) Lieutenant , I can 't let you go down there . Oh , I just wanted ... Santini 's orders . I 'm only doing what I 'm told . Has Santini come backstage yet ? Of course not , sir . He 's in that cube . Sir , about the other possible suspects , Harry Blandford . He owned 25 % of the club . Now with Jerome dead , he owns it all . ( WHISPERING ) Later , Wilson . WILSON : ( WHISPERING ) Yes , sir . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) ( STAFF CHATTERING ) Sliced carrots . Slice them up ... HARRY : I tell you every night , you slice it thin and you keep it rare . And I need about 100 servings tonight at least . You keep it thin , and you keep it rare . Right ? Good . Luigi , remember , lettuce doesn 't swim . Not too much dressing . Hey , you 're the guy from the agency . Take that coat off , put this one on , you get yourself a tray , you join World War III . Police . Police ? What 's below the stage ? Where is Sergeant Wilson ? I 'm Lieutenant Columbo . What 's below the stage ? It 's a basement . It 's a storage room . How do I get there ? Go through that door and down the stairs to the left . Hey , Lieutenant Columbo . Yeah ? I am Harry Blandford . Harry Blandford . I was Mr. Jerome 's partner . Yeah , call me later . ( STAFF CHATTERING ) Mr. Santini ? Mr. Santini ? ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) Mr. Santini ? SANTINl : Come in , Lieutenant . I 've been expecting you . Good evening . Feel privileged , Lieutenant . I usually don 't allow anyone in here . I had a very strong suspicion you 'd be looking for me tonight . Thank you , sir . Careful . That 's how you do it . Yes , that 's how it 's done . I am not in the cube . I 'm right here . And that should certainly satisfy your report . Yes , sir , that 's certainly going to sound better . I mean , I couldn 't write that ... That you were chained in a cube and dumped in a tank of water without air for 10 minutes . ( CHUCKLING ) Well , let 's see . Whereabouts during crime , Mr. Santini in basement room . I couldn 't very well stop you from finding out and now that you do know , I would very much appreciate your telling as few people as possible . Well , certainly , sir . Can you verify that ? Can I verify what ? That you were actually here ? You really are something . My good man , where could I have gone ? If I had indeed exited through these two doors here , made a sharp left turn , ran down the passageway , gone up the stairwell , the stage manager would have seen me . Check with him . My alternative was to go out these doors , up that stairwell , which would have led me directly into the kitchen , where at least a dozen people would have been aware of my presence . Well , that certainly makes sense , sir . Thank you . Listen , I gotta hand it to you about those handcuffs . You sure got them off fast . Whew ! We all have our particular talents , Lieutenant . Mine happens to be illusion and yours , I suspect , is reality , and a rather grim one at that . Well , you cleared up one thing . You know , that lock was supposed to be pick-proof ? You showed it wasrt . At least , not for a man of your ability . Whew ! Oh , any lock could be picked , Lieutenant , if you know how . I guess you have to keep pretty good track of the time . I mean , you get up on the stage late , you 'll blow the whole trick . Absolutely . Have you had any luck tracing the gun ? No , sir . Could have belonged to anybody . And what about the napkin ? Oh , nothing special . Just a napkin from the kitchen . Uh-huh . Wouldrt be ... anything like this ? You son of a gun , you devil , you . ( BOTH CHUCKLING ) You did it again . You really must excuse me now . Oh , incidentally , Lieutenant , I neglected to have my usual brandy this evening . It 's right here on the table if you care to imbibe . What did ... Brandy ? Oh , didn 't I tell you ? I always have brandy brought to me exactly at the same time each evening . It calms the nerves . ( AUDIENCE CHEERING ) ( STAFF CHATTERING ) Excuse me , could you tell me who brought Mr. Santini his brandy last night ? Excuse me , I hate to bother you , but ... Can I have everybody 's attention , please ? This is police business ! Thank you very much . I just want to talk to the individual who brought Mr. Santini his brandy last night . I did . May I speak to you over there , please ? ( SIGHING ) Right , sir . You can go back to work . Thank you very much . THACKERY : You 'll have to make it fast , sir . Got a boiled lobster and a creamed crab ready for table 18 . About this brandy . What is that ? Is that a regular thing ? Oh , yes . During every performance . I think the old boy needs it to calm his nerves . And you always take it down to him during that 10 minutes ? Yes , sir . You took him the brandy last night and he was there ? Yes , sir . My lobster and my crab , sir ? Right . You 're positive ? I know his voice , Lieutenant . It was him . What do you mean his voice ? You didn 't see him ? Not actually . But he was moving around in there . That I saw . You 're sure ? Yes . Every night he likes to play a mind trick on me . Last night he asked me to pick a number from one to four . What do you mean ? A number from one to four . He didn 't guess it right , I 'd go through the door and he 'd give me $ 5 . So how could he have not been there ? If that 's what you 're thinking . Thackery , we 've got hungry people waiting out there . Right , Harry . Boiled lobster and creamed crab . I 'll hop right to it . Did he guess the right number ? Yeah . Lieutenant Columbo ! Lieutenant Columbo ! I 'd appreciate it if you 'd stayed out of my kitchen during dinner hours , right ? I 'm sorry , I 'm a pest , but I 'm very confused . Yeah , you look it . Simmons , get a wine list over to table 31 right away . Fast ! Mr. Blandford , one more thing and I 'll get out of your way . You were in and out of the kitchen all night during the evening . Would you know if there was a new man on last night , however briefly ? Look , let me tell you something about the kitchen , huh ? We run on a short staff , so we run short . We call the employment agency , they send over a temporary . That 's a temporary . The guy comes in here , I say , " Get a red coat , grab a tray , go on out there . " That 's it . So you wouldn 't know if a stranger walked through here ? Are you kidding me ? I wouldn 't notice if my mother came in here and she kissed me . Why ? I 'm trying to explain something that is not explainable . ( LAUGHING ) It sounds like you 're talking to Santini . HARRY : Hey , Carlos , get some flatware out here . We 're running short . And hustle it up . CLERK : Good morning , sir . Good morning . What a nasty-looking thing . Nasty and lethal . Observe . A simple carrot . A flick of the wrist , a downward thrust and ... A very handy kitchen device . On the other hand , hardly mystifying . Now let me demonstrate the magical aspect of this device , sir . Will you assist me ? I 'd like to demonstrate this wonderful illusion . You do have faith , don 't you ? You don 't mean my hand ? Please . In there ? Yes , please . In there . And you want me to put my hand in there ? Yes , right in there , please , sir . What are you going to do ? Now just place your hand a little further in this , sir , if you will . What are you going to do ? Fully guaranteed for two years against all defects and it comes with three extra blades . $ 89.95 . ( CHUCKLING ) Oh ! I 'll be a son of a gun . Don 't ever do that again . Thank you very much . That 's a hell of a trick . Yes . Are you interested , Mr ... Columbo is my name . No . Columbo . Excellent . Very good . Is that the Great Columbo ? No , just Lieutenant . Police . Investigating a murder . The murder of Jesse Jerome . Oh , dear Jesse . To know him was to detest him . I was in San Marino that night , Lieutenant , at my in-laws ' . Sir , you 're not under suspicion . No , I just want a little information . Let 's say that a man is in one room , but he wants someone to think he 's in another room . To make his voice come from another room . Do you have a trick like that ? No , not really . I assume you 're talking about some kind of radio device . I 'm talking about making your voice come from another room . Well , someone could speak into a small concealed mike and have his voice come from somewhere else . Right . Well , that 's not really magic , Lieutenant . More like the gaff in a head act . The gaff in a head act ? A head act . Mind reading . You know , a guy up on the stage and an assistant in the audience , usually a broad , and she asks some guy in the 20th row if he has something he wants to ask the swami , so he whispers it to her . But what the mark don 't know is the broad is rigged with a mike and the guy on the stage has a little receiver behind his ear . So , if you had a couple of those things and an amplifier , you could create the illusion of being somewhere while you were not . If you know what you 're doing . Do you have something I could look at ? Sure . Mr. Lally ? Yeah , what can I do for you ? Do you remember me ? Yeah , you were at the Cabaret club the other night . Yeah , I sure was . Come on in . Thanks . Help yourself to a beer in the fridge . What do you pay here ? $ 40 a month . Maid service ? Are you kidding ? Maid service ? And where is the bathroom ? In the hallway . Hotplate yours ? That 's my hotplate . Still not bad . What did you think of that magician ? Oh , he 's always been great . You know , I would 've bet money that he couldn 't get out of those cuffs . Don 't ever bet against Santini . He 's the cream of cream . They tell me you go way back with him . Oh , yeah , way back , when me and my brothers were the top wire act in Europe . He was the gaff in the head act , and he always brought it off very smooth , very smart . That 's where he got his start . Was his name Santini then ? No , no , not then . It was Arlington or Kensington , something English , but he had an accent you could chop off with an axe . Oh , what kind of an accent ? I think it was German . Where 'd you first meet him ? In Budapest . Maybe the accent was Hungarian . But it didn 't go along with this English name . Then zippo . Five years later , we run into him in Oslo . The accent 's gone , he 's very British , and now he 's carrying an Italian name . Santini ? The Great Santini . So the name stuck , and now the accent is American ? Yeah , but he grew into a master of accents . I think he can even imitate you . I figure he 's the kind of man that he could do almost anything if he put his mind to it . You mean his hand to it . Right . What 's his real name ? I don 't know , I never did know . The television yours ? Yeah , that 's mine and the hotplate is mine . The rest belongs to the joint . What time do you have ? 1 : 00 . The tub . Is there a tub in the john ? No , no , no . There 's one shower on the third floor for everybody . Listen , thanks . Don 't mention it . My agents are putting together a completely new tour and I 'm going to require a new assistant . Whatever happened to your daughter ? Well , unfortunately , the poor child has gone soft on a rather mediocre singer . She lacks taste . Genetically , I don 't quite understand it . Well , maybe it comes from her mother 's side of the family . Not likely , since she was the lady who taught me everything I know . Seriously , though , I ... I wish you would consider it . I have a feeling you 'd make a marvelous traveling companion . I 'll think about it . Please do . I shouldn 't be long . You stay put now or I 'll revoke your driving privileges . I 'm gonna leave this coat in the car . If somebody tries to lift it , you look the other way . ( MUSIC PLAYING ) Yes , may I help you , sir ? Oh , no . What 's the matter ? Someone I thought I 'd seen the last of . Do you have a match , sir ? Yes , sir . Well , do you think you could make him disappear , too ? It 's a splendid suggestion , but in his case , I think , rather doubtful . I 'm just gonna join that gentleman at that table for a moment , if you don 't mind . Thank you very much . Mr. Santini , I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to intrude . I 'm sure you didn 't . This will only take a moment , unless you prefer my waiting until you 're finished . Lieutenant , what is it about me that you find so irresistible ? Well , you know how it is , sir , I gotta check out all the leads until I get my man . Could have been a woman , you know . Of course . There was a homicide at the club . The owner was murdered . Please sit . Ironically , it happened during the course of my act . Oh , forgive me , Lieutenant Columbo , this is Miss McCan 'thy . How do you do , madam ? WAITER : Would you like to order cocktail ? No , nothing for me . Do you know a Michael Lally , sir ? Yes , of course I know Michael Lally . And you know very well I know him because you saw me talking to him last night in the club . Well , according to Mr. Lally , when he first knew you in Europe , you were going under another name . Kensington or Arlington . What of it ? You didn 't think Santini was really my name , did you ? " Does not look Italian . " That 's the very first note I made , sir . How astute . But you do use the name of Santini on your passport . Why , Lieutenant , you 've been checking up on me . Well , I really don 't have any choice , sir . Why are you so preoccupied to find out my real identity ? Your origin may be more humble than you make it appear . And what about you , Lieutenant ? Beneath that ruffled exterior , there ticks away the heart of an empiricist philosopher , probing for the truth at all costs . I 'm just doing my job . But you make it sound so proletarian . And my job , if you will , has to do with appearances . I 'm not what I appear to be and then again , neither are you . Mr. Lally remembers that in the old days you spoke with a different accent . ( IMITATING GERMAN ACCENT ) Was it this one , mein Herr ? ( IMITATING BRITISH ACCENT ) Or perhaps this one , guvnor . Is it better ? All right . ( IMITATING FOREIGN ACCENT ) Or maybe it sounded like this . Ooh , you 're a remarkable man , Mr. Santini . How keen of you to notice it . I could do my East Ukrainian but unfortunately , Miss McCan 'thy and I have an appointment . If you 'll excuse us , Lieutenant . Could you at least tell me which name it was ? Was it Arlington or was it Kensington ? Well , neither , actually . It was Washington . Do you have a first name on that , sir ? Martha . Sir , you sent for me ? Yes , Wilson , I ... Lieutenant , I 've got an idea . The waiter , Thackery . He was the one who brought the coffee up to Jerome , remember ? All right , Jerome left the door open for him . Thackery goes upstairs , goes inside , shoots Jerome , then he fools around with the lock to make it look like somebody picked it . That 's very good . The magician did it . What ? Mr. Santini killed Mr. Jerome . Santini ? Santini was in the basement . You yourself said he was down there playing the trick with Thackery . He was going to personally hand Thackery $ 5 if Santini couldn 't guess the number . Well , his voice was in the basement . He wasrt there . Only his voice . You see , what we have to remember is that Mr. Santini is a master of illusion . He makes you believe what he wants you to believe . Pick a number from one to four . Pick a number ? Pick any number from one to four . I got it . What is it ? Two . Lift up the telephone receiver . Turn it over . " I knew you were thinking of number two . " How did you do that ? If you had picked number four , I would tell you to look under the ashtray . " I knew you were thinking of number four . " If you had said number one , I 'd tell you to pick up the hole punch . " I knew you were thinking of number one . " If you had picked number three ... " I knew you were thinking of number three . " That 's ... Where did you learn this ? That trick cost me $ 17.35 in a magic shop . Oh , that 's expensive . All right , let 's say Santini wasrt in the basement . I mean , let 's say Santini did it . But what 's the motive ? I mean , there has to be a motive . Yes , there is always a motive . We just have to find it . Come on . Where are we going ? We can 't find a motive here . Yeah , where are we going to find it ? I don 't know . So where are we going ? Wilson , will you ... I forgot my coat . Coat ? We 'll get some air . Right . Think . ( TYPEWRITER CLACKING ) Lieutenant , what happened to your new coat ? Oh , that ? It didn 't fit . The wife , she 's gonna change it for something new . Oh . Excuse me , mac , you were just sitting down ? I beg your pardon . Wilson , this man was just sitting down . Forgive me . Would you turn around ? I just want to see the back of your shirt . Perspiration . You were sitting ? Yes , I was sitting . Where were you sitting ? That corner chair right over there . Leather . Wilson , take this down . Just before Mr. Jerome was killed , we know he was sitting . The next question is where was he sitting ? There are seven chairs and a couch . Where was he sitting ? Well , his jacket was on this chair . So he could have been sitting in this chair . There was a glass of wine on the desk and the reading glasses . He could have been ... He was sweating . Yes . His shirt was damp . You can see the discoloration . It starts at the belt and works halfway up the back . So we rule out all the chairs with cloth . He was sitting on leather . Sit in that chair . That 's a high-back leather chair . We rule that out . The sweat line would come to the shoulders . High-back leather chair . We rule that out . He was sitting in this chair . Sweat line hits in the right place . So , we know where he was sitting . What was he doing ? Well , we know he came up to check the cash receipts . But the cash box was never opened . The reading glasses . There were reading glasses on the desk . He might have been reading . Was there reading material around ? Books , papers or letters ? No . He wasrt reading . No , nothing , sir . The telephone ! He might have been on the telephone , talking on the telephone . Here for 40 minutes ? Maybe part of the time . I don 't see any connection between taking out reading glasses and making a call . He could have been writing . The pad is bare . He never did what he came up here to do . He came up here to count his money , double-locked the door , put the money on his desk but he never opened the box . Why ? Was it because he got absorbed in listening to music ? Or did he have something more important to do ? I would assume it was because he had something more important to do . I think he had something more important to do . What was it ? Lieutenant Columbo . Good afternoon . You know Sergeant Wilson ? How do you do ? Do you know how unnerving it is for everyone who works with me and works in this building because you and your men are snooping around ? Now , is there any chance that you could be a little less conspicuous ? It is unnerving . My apologies , sir . Thank you . Now , may I know how long you and Dr. Watson here are going to be poking around ? Well , we are making progress , sir . Oh . Anything significant ? Tell Mr. Santini about the trick that I played on you today . The Lieutenant 's become a magician . Go on , tell him about it . He 'll get a kick out of it . The Lieutenant asked me to think of a number between one and four , and then he would guess the number that I was thinking and prove it . And there was no doubt about it . The number was two . I was thinking of the number two . He asked me the number I was thinking and I told him two . And then he asked me to look under the telephone . I looked under the telephone and there was a little slip of paper and on it said , " I knew you were thinking of number two . " Bravo . SANTINl : That 's magic , wizardry . Actually , Dunninger used it in his act . It 's an old standby . Now , you said you were making some progress . Yes , sir , we 've determined where Mr. Jerome was just before the murder . Of course , he was right here in the office . Where in the office ? Now , how would I know that ? He was sitting in this chair . Do you know that for a fact ? Yes . What were we talking about before Mr. Santini came in ? Well , we were concerned with what Mr. Jerome was doing while he was sitting in the chair . Right . We were concentrating on the reading glasses . Right . Actually , sir , we were concerned with the motive . Right . You see , sir , we 're stumped with the motive . Do you have a suspect ? Yes . You do ? We do , but we don 't have a motive for you . Oh . I am the suspect . How interesting . Well , finding a motive should be a piece of cake for a couple of clever men like you . And I promise you I will not disappear before your very eyes when you come to arrest me . The reading glasses . You know , Lieutenant , you would wear reading glasses if you were typing . Yes , you would wear reading glasses if you were typing , but there was no paper in the typewriter . And there was no typewritten documents in either the desk , in the drawers or on top . There is nothing in this room to indicate that that man was typing . What 's this ? What 's what , sir ? This . Looks like a golf ball . That 's how it types , sir . The ball types the letters . But it 's not moving . The typewriter . This thing is not moving . Carriage . This is the carriage , but there is no carriage on this typewriter . You see , the ball moves from left to right . Allow me to demonstrate , sir , please . You see , I used one of these at the Academy Typing School . Oh , I didn 't know they had one . Oh , yes . I 'll be a son of a gun . Oh , it 's a remarkable machine , Lieutenant . Very modern . See this ? This is a disposable carbon ribbon for a very crisp image . Top speed of this machine I 'd say is about 220 words a minute . Beautiful . Beautiful machine . Well , sir , shall we get cracking ? " Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their party . " Lieutenant , shall we continue the search ? Very good , Wilson . Very good . Thank you , sir . Thank you . Harry , what 's going on ? That Lieutenant 's got Danny Green up in Jesse 's office . Something 's about to break on the murder . Why do you suppose he wants to see me ? He didn 't say . I 've got work to do . DANNY : You 're crazy . Santini couldn 't have done it . COLUMBO : He killed him , Mr. Green , and I can prove it . I can prove how and I can prove why . Blackmail . Blackmail ? Come on . Blackmail . Jesse Jerome knew that Santini was really Stefan Mueller , a former SS guard at the end of World War II . And when Jesse Jerome threatened to expose him , Mueller killed him . But how ? He was in the basement . I can prove it . When he gets here I 'm gonna show you how he did it . COLUMBO : There 's no sense running , sir . There 's no place to run to . I just heard you talking upstairs in the room with Green . No , sir , we were never up there . It 's an easy illusion to create . All you need is some miniature radio equipment . The receiver , a wireless mike and a transmitter . You used something like this the other night . You used it when you fooled the waiter into thinking you were still in the basement when you were performing that " pick a number from one to four " trick , when in reality you were upstairs , killing Jesse Jerome . Bravo . Wrong , but an interesting theory . More than that . It shows opportunity . And the letter shows motive . A letter ? A letter addressed to the Department of lmmigration and Naturalization . It identifies you as a war criminal . Means , opportunity , and motive . It 's enough to convict for first degree murder . It 's impossible . It 's a trick and not a very good one . A trick ? No . That 's the letter . Oh , no , Lieutenant . No , you see , this letter was burned . So much for your letter . There 's the letter . I hope you were watching carefully . That 's my best trick . Of course , I don 't have your style , but I get pretty good results . You can burn that one , too , if you like . There 's plenty more where that came from . Wilson . You made one mistake . You did not look closely enough at that typewriter . If you had , you would have seen that it used a plastic carbon ribbon . Disposable carbon ribbon , sir . The kind you don 't reuse . And when the key strikes the ribbon , it punches out a letter that is clearly visible on the used ribbon . You can see it . I want you to see for yourself . If you look carefully at this section of the ribbon , you 'll see that it says , " Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their party . " I typed that . Sergeant Wilson typed that . But Jesse Jerome typed something else . And if we unwind the entire used section of the ribbon , we see what Mr. Jerome typed . " Department of lmmigration and Naturalization , Washington D.C. " Enclosed find a letter which proves " that Santini is in reality an ex-Nazi " named Stefan Mueller . " I don 't think there 's any need for me to go any further , is there , sir ? No . Means , opportunity , motive . And I thought I 'd performed the perfect murder . Perfect murder , sir . Oh , I 'm sorry , there is no such thing as a perfect murder . That 's just an illusion . Officer . ( CHARADE PLAYING )
