 Based on the novel " Oms en serie " by Stefan Wul She 's stopped moving . Now we can 't play with her any more . Careful ! It 's Master Sinh . Look , father . A female Om and her baby . Is she dead ? I 'm afraid so , Tiwa . Why is the baby making a noise ? Maybe because it 's frightened or hungry . We can 't leave him here . May I keep him ? Let me , father . I 'll take care of him . All right , Tiwa , we can 't let this animal die . That was my first encounter with the Grand Master of the Draags . He saved my life linking my fate to his . Mother ! Mother ! Look at the little Om . Isn 't he sweet ? His mother 's dead . I want to keep him . He 's very pretty , Tiwa . Tiwa , you 've disturbed your mother 's meditation . If you can 't discipline that animal , I 'll have to take it away from you . But Father , he ran off . He needs a collar . Learn to use it . Watch . Now put the animal down . It 's fun . Let me try . Not so fast . The animal is delicate . You might hurt it . What are you going to call it ? Tiwa , like me . That 's not an Om 's name . Call it Trusty or Speed . Look at him wriggle , the little terror ! I 'm going to call him Terr . I was forgotten . A baby Om is nothing compared to meditation . This strange ritual to which my masters devoted most of their time and seemed to be their main concern . Despite our forecasts , the housing unit factory on our Uva at Goham has not met production levels . The machines show unusual wear and this seems to have caused the delay . - Master Taj , can you explain ? - We don 't yet know the reason . In the meantime , we 'll use reserve machines to meet the schedule . I don 't understand . The machines have worked perfectly up till now . Have you had the same problem on other Uvas ? Only machines from our space flight to planet Antax 4 had some trouble completing their program . Master Sinh , our scientists explain this loss as a break in the sensory compensation system . Our scientists also note animals brought from planet Terra have a high level of savibon and intelligence . I am not sure that is true . It 's clear that this animal adapts rather well . But is that intelligence ? The little pet you are stroking between meditations may well surprise you one day . Films made on Terra show many traces of organised life . The ability to adapt , Master ka , may indicate an advanced evolution . Oms have a much shorter life span than us . But they reproduce much more rapidly . If this animal is intelligent , Master Sinh we haven 't yet been able to establish this . What we have established , however , is the considerable damage caused by Oms on the Uvas of jext and Telez . The number of tame Oms is easy to control . But wild Oms probably exist in much larger numbers than is generally acknowledged . We de-om the enclaves of wild Oms every three cycles . But I wonder if that is often enough . Few weapons have a long-term effect . Drastic measures must be taken . New ways to fight them are currently being researched . But I doubt that they will suffice . Tiwa , go and play somewhere else . I 'm very sorry . Imagination was so rich today too . This animal is a pest ! Not at all . Our children all love those animals . I grew up fast in that slow world . A Draag week was equivalent to one of my years . I was just a live plaything who sometimes dared to rebel . Tiwa loved me . Terr loves Tiwa . Repeat ! Tiwa received her education through a headphone . Its lessons cut directly into the brain , and were engraved in the memory for ever . " Our planet Ygam has just one satellite : " the Savage planet . " It is uninhabited and is used for meditation . " Ygam is divided into several Uvas . " Two Uvas , Strom and Yot , are natural and symmetrical . " Urtana is the longest Uva " and is completely covered with blue assanic blocks . " Its temperatures range from 8 to 243 laiks " making it impossible to exploit . " Our Uva , Goham , has a fepular inland sea " stabilising the openosh at about 20 laiks . " Fixation blocks offset pontic rebation . " Er-shaped globes regulate pressure . " All Uvas undergo a cycle of three seasons of equal length . " The season of garus crystallisation ... " Due to some fault , I was also able to acquire the Draags ' knowledge . " When the earth peels , an intense vegetation replaces all nosks " with similar nosks . " I liked the lessons . I tried to get the most out of them . " The cliffs on the fepular sea " are eroded by rains that often last for a long time ... " Tiwa , bring your animal over here . jurgal has got his here . We can have some fun . I don 't want him hurt . jurgal 's animal is insane ! He nearly tore his ears off the other day ! No , he won 't damage your Om . Come and play ! Come and see ! Let 's get Terr to fight , it will be more fun . Terr will win . He 's really wild . Go fight ! - He can sing . - Terr sings well too . Go on , sing , Terr ! - He 'll strangle him ! - I don 't know what he 's doing . What a horrid animal ! " It is simple to see a tark 's flayed muscles " because the animal is easily skinned . " Can you hear the Om ? That 's Tiwa 's lesson . She loves Terr so much that they are never apart . Do you think he understands what he 's saying ? I don 't think so . Anyway , I 'll forbid Tiwa to keep the Om during Infos . She has to take her studies seriously . " Let us look at the liscinian muscle of a tark 's leg . " The liscinian muscle is a fleshy , fuliform vilok ... " " The molog is an enviparous animal . " It has more than half a billion lucons " and the entire surface of their walls " is made up of tiny cells " separated by very thin sheets of organure . " Today some scientists believe organure is not present , " but gambous amalga , an artificial structure ... " Have you still got Terr with you for your Infos ? I told you not to . Go back to the Omerie ! But he 's not disturbing me , father . And he 's so happy . The Infos are for you . Go on , back to your work . It was time for the Draag children to do theirfirst meditation . The initiation ceremony was a major step on their road to knowledge . For some time now Tiwa and I had been growing apart . As she grew into her teens she gave up her playthings . Deprived of the lessons I decided to run away . Mother ! I can 't find Terr ! And my headphone 's gone . Use your bracelet then . But if he 's a long way away , it 'll hurt him . put your bracelet on maximum ! Oh , no ! You 're not very bright ! Like all tame Oms . - But you have a collar too . - It 's a fake , to fool the Draags . What 's that ? The Draags invented it . What ? The Draags made it . Listen . " Valio cycle , info 4 . " You will observe that Aklon research " into pernetrope in space " was carried out in the same way as on land . " Importantly , we are looking not only for festation groups ... " Don 't be afraid , it 's not dangerous . Where are you taking it ? - I don 't know . - Come with me . My new friend took me to her people who lived hidden in the Big Tree deep in an abandoned park . I was a silly tame Om and my first contact with wild Oms was not a great success . Don 't touch that case , it 's a trap . Since I had brought the headphone of knowledge to the Big Tree the wizard opposed me from the start . We 've brought five cases , Chief . What ? Is that all ? One of the cases was a trap and Speed is dead . He knew the case was a trap . He 's a tame Om , Chief . He ran away with a Draag device . It taught him to read Draag writing . I 'm sure he can 't read . Does the tame Om know what 's in these cases ? - In that one ? - Yes , coloured powder . " ... temperatures range from 8 to 243 laiks " making exploitation impossible . " Our Uva Goham has a fepular inland sea " stabilising the openosh at about 25 laiks . " Fixation blocks offset pontic rebation " and er-shaped globes regulate pressure . " " The two other Uvas , jext and Telez , are full of craters ... " - Why did you stop the Infos ? - Draag knowledge is bad . We Oms don 't need it . We are not tame Oms . It is a grave offence . You must fight as the law stipulates . Bring the combat animals . You are the winner . Stay with the Oms of the Big Tree . You can be of use to us . Tomorrow we set off on an expedition . It was my first expedition to the Draags to steal food . We came back loaded up . Take heart , we 're not far from the Big Tree now . The Hollow-Bush bandits ! Look out ! Why did they attack ? They 're the Hollow-Bush bandits . Beware of them . They 're thieves from the other side of the park . " The Great Zarek , 3000 cycles before krowp " created the first pyramidic civilisation . " From his tomb , so legend has it , he still animates the ball of life . " projectiles pierce his body but he does not change . " His mind regularly travels through Ygam 's skies " ever since he led the Draags to victory against the jankos . " Some experts believe this is how meditation came about . " Others believe that Zarek is immortal " and that from the flames of time he reappears " in infinitely varied , whirling reality " to fight the Draags ' will to die . " In fact ... " " After the pyramidic civilisation the Draag people fought invasions ... " The Oms are learning . If only we had more headphones . You are as knowledgeable as the Draags . I 'm only just learning to write . Look . Are you sure ? Are you sure you read it correctly ? Yes , " De-om " is written on all the park walls . - What does it mean ? - The Draags want to kill all the Oms . Long ago I saw them de-om the park . It was horrible . But we 're not in any great danger in our tree . What will we do ? - It had to come . - Anyway , we have time to prepare . We 'll post sentries . The Draags are going to slaughter us . They want to punish us for having stolen their knowledge . Let us pray to the Savage planet . The sentries will warn us of the Draags ' approach . We shall see tomorrow . What were you doing on our land ? I came to warn you . The Draags intend to de-om the park . De-om ! You don 't say ! How do you know ? One of us read the writing on the walls . Can Big Tree Oms read Draag writing now ? Don 't listen to him ! It 's a trap to get us out of the Hollow Bush . You have to believe me ! The Draags will de-om . Take him away ! Someone go and look at the walls . - Listen ! Draags ! - Quiet ! - It smells of Oms here . - They 're vermin . The Masters should decontaminate the area more often . It 's fine to keep Oms as pets , they 're fun . But all those wild Oms , they fight , they 're dirty and they reproduce at an alarming rate . Look there 's a nest in the gutter . Look ! A whole colony of them ! Come on , let 's exterminate them . Chief is dead . Stop blubbering like children . We must go where the Draags can 't find us . I know a place . I 'll take you there . This road leads to an abandoned rocket dump . We 'll be safe there . I regret that we de-om only once every three cycles . Recent events have shown this is unacceptable . A Draag murdered ! It 's unbelievable . Are we so weak that Oms can kill us so easily ? Wild Oms are much more numerous than we thought . An examination of the body showed a large number of bites and wounds . According to the Draag who managed to escape the Oms were very numerous . Every day wild Oms become bolder . They reproduce at a terrifying rate . Master Sinh , it is disturbing that Telez Uva was not the only place that was very difficult to de-om . Two other Uvas , Goham and Urtana , have experienced similar problems . In the de-omised park we found two surprisingly well-organised lairs . Most disturbing of all was that in one of the lairs the boxes were sorted according to their contents , but they weren 't opened . How could the Oms know what they contained ? Master Sinh , it 's high time we instigate efficient measures . I suggest we de-om the parks twice per cycle . I also request that the breeding and sale of tame Oms be strictly regulated . Too often they return to the wild and swell the numbers of Oms living in the parks and other isolated areas . We must use the much discussed de-oming devices . All wild Oms must be exterminated . And I put it to you - should we keep our tame Oms ? It 's wrong to believe Oms are merely vicious animals . If we do , we may commit an error that has serious consequences . Three seasons had passed on Ygam . That was the equivalent of 15 years for us . The Draag rocket graveyard had long been abandoned . There we built our city . But it was the Savage Planet that we wanted to go to . Many tame and wild Oms joined us . Knowledge acquired from the headphones enabled us to use sophisticated technology to reduce Draag rocket components to our size . " Trinur is a white metal that palsifies Matwar . " Top-grade reculid gives it a remarkable metallic shine . " We have succeeded , Terr . The first two rockets are ready for testing . We just need to spend some time working on the others . We must hurry . Many tame Om informers have warned us that there will be a large-scale de-omisation . They may know where we are . We must send up our two rockets at once . We have to see if we can live on the Savage planet . We can 't wait any longer . It 's a pity I can 't go with you . But I 'm not afraid . I 'm sure you 'll succeed . I know you will build a world where Oms can be happy far away from the Draags . The Savage planet will be our planet , a world for our children . You must go . You must hurry . You must ... We had discovered the Draags ' secret . The Draags used their meditation spheres to meet beings from other galaxies on the Savage Planet and to hold strange nuptial rituals . This union gave them the vital energy they needed and guaranteed the survival of the species . We were gripped by fear . The statues ' huge feet might damage our rockets . By chance we had found the Draags ' only weak point . The de-omisation was halted on Ygam . Never have the Draags been in such great danger . Our entire civilisation is threatened ! The Oms are taking revenge . They have incredible scientific instruments . - They must be stopped ! - They must be exterminated ! It may be too late . Neither Oms not Draags will profit from destruction . We must try to make peace . " Since the Sinh era , the epoch of the Masters of Ygam , " the Draag civilisation has undergone a remarkable evolution . " Instructed by Draag philosophy and technology " the Oms now provide the Draags with dynamic vitality " and a new way of thinking . " Our planet now has two satellites : one natural and one artificial . " The natural satellite , the Savage planet , " is kept for Draag meditation . " The artificial one was made by the Oms . " They named it Terr . " The Oms live in huge cities on the various Uvas ... "
