 Hi guys Glad we get your message You 'll be interested to hear It was broadcasted live all over Earth Prime time The time leg on this messages is getting longer We gather from the ten year delay That you are approximately 18 parsecs away Drop us a line more often , o 'k ? Sorry to hear about the radiation leack on ship And real sorry to hear about the death of commander Powell It was the week of mourning here on Earth The flags were half mast We all behind you guys About your request for radiation shielding Sorry to report , this request has been denied I hate to send bad news When you guys are up there doing such a swell job But I think you 'll take it in the proper spirit It been some cut backs in the congress and right now Considaring the distance we just can 't afford To send a cargo shuttle out there to you But I know You guys will make to Keep up the good work men Ah , what 'd you say , Pinback ? I still can 't hear you I said I 'm trying to reach Talby Something 's wrong with the damn intercom I need a last-minute diameter approximation Talby Talby , this is Doolittle Talby ! Talby , do you read me ? Talby ! Oh ! Ah , yes , Doolittle What is it ? I need a diameter approximation Okay , Doolittle , I 'll have it in a minute I need a GHF reading on the gravity correction I 'll check it Pinback Yes , Doolittle Your GHF reading is minus fifteen Doolittle Yes I need a computer reading on a fail - safe mark In a second Boiler , can you set me up with some temp figures ? Ninety seven million , minus eight , corrected to mass critical . I read that with a quantum increase of seven . Pinback , I have a computer reading of nine five seven seven . Time to start talking . Bomb bay systems operational . Lock fail safe . Fail-safe locked . Sergeant Pinback calling Bomb # 19 . Do you read me , bomb ? Bomb # 19 to Sergeant Pinback , I read you . Continue . Well , bomb , we have about 60 seconds to drop . Just wondering if everything is all right . Have you checked your platinum euridium energy shielding ? Energy shielding positive function . Swell . Let 's synchronize detonation time . Do you know when you 're supposed to go off ? Detonation in 6 minutes , 20 seconds . All right , that cheks out here Arm yourself , bomb . Armed . Well , then , everything sounds fine . We 'll drop you off in thirty-five seconds Good luck . Thanks . Begin main sequence . Mark at 10-9-8 7-6-5-4 .3-2-1 , drop Hyperdrive sequence begun . Hit it , Pinback . Lieutenant Doolittle , it just exploded . Ah , the planet just exploded , sir . Lieutenant ? Attention , attention . Ship computer to all personal The hyperdrive sequence is now terminated . The target planet has been destroyed This sector is now clear for colonialization You had destroyed the last unstable planet in this system Congratulation with another sucsesfull bombing fellas What now ? What do you have for us now , Boiler ? Not much . Nothing at all in this sector . Find me something , I don 't care where it is Well , I show a 95 % probability of intelligent life in the Horsehead Nebula sector Don 't give me that kind of bull Well , it is kind of a long shot ... It 's a goddamn wild goose chase . Remember when Commander Powell found that 99 plus probability Of intelligent life in the Magellanic Cloud ? Well , there 's the possibility of ... Remember what we found ? God damn , mindless vegetable that looked like a limp balloon Fourteen light years for a vegetable that went squawk and let a fart when you touched it remember that ? All right , then ... So don 't give me any of that life stuff find me somthing I can blow up New star . Hey , guess what ? I got a new star on the readout . Which one ? Another unknown . A red dwarf , not on the charts . Any planets ? Yeah . Eight , it says here Any of ' em any good ? Naah . All stable . What are you gonna name it ? What ? The new star . What are you gonna name it ? Who cares . Don 't bother me . Commander Powell would have named it . Commander Powell is dead . Hey , Doolittle , I got a goodie An unstable planet 85 % probability of an unstable planet in the Veil Nebula That will probably go off its orbit and hit a star Wanna blow it up ? Real good Boiler That is what I 'm looking for Chart a course for the Veil Nebula Pinback , throw me the chart log Let 's have some music in here , Boiler Sure thing Ship 's log , entry number 1,943 Dark Star cruising at light speed through Sector Theta 990 En route to Veil Nebula for destruction of unstable planet Our ETA is 17 hours Ship 's systems continue to deteriorate ... Oh , yeah The short circuit in the rear seat panel which killed Commander Powell is still faulty The storage ... Because he 's sitting next to commander Powell sit , it continues to bother Pinback Storage Area 9 self-destructed last week Destroying entire ship 's supply of toilet paper That 's all Attention , Attention Ships computer calling all personnel I must disengage your recreation of music Repeat . Ships computer to all personnel This is an emergency override All systems must stand by An asteroid storm is approaching the ship on collision course This asteroid storm appears to be bound together by electro-magnetic energy vortex Like the one we ran in to two years ago Normally I wouldn 't bother you boys , but this problem ... As you recall my defensive circuits were destroyed at the storm Therefore , you have 35 seconds to manualy activate all defensive systems Computer to bobm no . 20 Return to the bomb bay immediatly But I received the operational signal This is a malfunction this is not a bomb alert We are in the crisis situation return imediatly Nevertheless , I have received the signal to prepair for a drop Emergency override . Return to the bay Very well We made it . Yeah Atention , atention ships computer to bridge There was a malfunction on board ship during the asteroid storm I have not yet identified the nature of the problem Should I contact you when I find out what the malfunction is ? Yeah , lets get out of here I remember the last time we were in asteroid storm I was down in the food locker to get a sandwich When I heard the damn sleeping corders blow up Yeah Say , you know guys , if we really wanna to We can fix up the sleeping corders like they were before Then we can sleep on real automatic bunks again Fellas , why won 't we fix the sleeping corders so we 'll have a decent place to sleep again All we got to do is to pack up the hole in the ship and pop up some air bags again Shut up Pinback Oh , have it your own way What 's a matter with him ? Talby Here 's some breakfast You know , Talby , you really ought to eat with the rest of us . You spend too much time up here . I like it up here . Must get lonely being up here so much . I don 't like to go below since Commander Powell died . I feel enclosed down there . You should spend some time below , I mean ... You know , see more of the rest of the ship You see , I can watch things up here , Doolittle I love to watch things Just stare at the planets and meteors , gas clusters and asteroids Yeah , but You 'll have plenty of time for that later , you know . I mean think of it this way , we 've been in space for 20 years now , right ? And we 've only aged three years so there 'll be plenty of time later off to staring around You know , Doollttle , if we 're going into the Veil Nebula we may actually find a strange and beautiful thing The Phoenix Asteroids They should be passing through there about now ... Phoenix Asteroids ? Never heard of ' em . They are a body of asteroids that circuit the universe once every 12.3 trillion years The Phoenix Asteroids ... From what I 've heard , Doolittle , they glow ... Glow with all the colors of the rainbow Nobody knows why . They just glow as they drift around the universe The Phoenix Asteroids ... You know what I think about , Talby ? It 's funny , but I kind of sit around a lot , you know , a lot of time for myself ... I can 't talk to the others but with time to myself , I can think about back home back home at Malibu I used to surf a lot , Talby . I used to be a great surfer . The waves at Malibu and Zuma are so fantastic in the spring , Talby I can remember running down on the beach in the early spring mornings with my surf board and my wet suit . The waves were really be peaking , you know high and glassy . Hit that water Before you know it , you coming down right on up one of this walls , and you just ride it perfectly You know , I guess I miss the waves and my board more than anything That 's the lid to the heating unit You not suppose to get that out That 's not for target practice that 's for emergency only That 's dangerous ! I 'll tell Doolittle Sorry to interupt your recreation fellows But it is time for sergeant Pinback to feed the alien Oh , I don 't wanna do that May I remind you sergeant Pinback , that it was your idea in the first place to bring the alien on board If I may quote you , you said the ship needed a mascot All right , where are you ? Come on , quit playing around Get away ! When I brought you on the ship I Thought you where qute Allright , soup 's on We didn 't have another stuff Here , eat it ! Eat it ! Take it or leave it Great , starve I do all the work in here and no appreciation Get off me ! Get off my back ! Get back in there ! Come on , come on ! Here boy , want your mouse ? Nice mouse , pretty toy want your mouse ? Get in ! Get out from there ! No ! Get in ! Attention , attention Central track elevator shaft is now activated All personal please clear the area Attention , attention elevator descending Please clear the shaft Help ! I 'm getting somthing here on the readout Ship 's computer calling bomb number 20 You out of bomb bay again I recieved the signal to prepare for the drop again But I repeat this is not a bomb run Nevertheless I recieved the signal It is an error Oh , I don 't want to hear that I strongly suggest you return to the bomb bay That is contrary to my programming Allow me to explain One of the communication lasers has sustain damage This has temporary inactivated my damage tracing circuit You have definetly recieved a false signal Please return to the bomb bay while I identify the source of the problem Oh , allright but this is the last time Doolittle , I do have a malfunction on this readout , but can 't pinpoint exactly Don 't worry about it We 'll find out what it is when it goes bad I really think we should try and locate it immediately . Might be something important . You know I wish I had my board with me right now Even if I could just .. wax it once in awhile Help I 'm sorry this telephone is out of order Please report the damage at once For your listening enjoyment we now present " The Barber of Seville " by Rossini Good for you , you decided to clean the elevator Cleaning service the electro-magnetic coil from the bottom It is necessary to jug this in the access plate in the floor To remove the floor plate please press button number 1 Attention , danger Automatic charges will now blow the explosives forks in the floor plate unit The plate will disengage from the floor in 5 seconds Please leave the elevator immediatly 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ... Now it 's time to go sleepy by you worthless peace of garbage So then it 's just flew across the room like a baloon I guess it was just full with gas Hey guys , how could it live if it was just full with gas I wonder what we get to eat today I thought I was gonna die I was hanging on the elevator for 20 minutes Probably chicken again I thought we saved the ship that thing is done some damage I 'm really sick of chicken Well if you don 't care I just won 't talk about it anymore Hey , that 's sounds like a fine idea , Pinback Chicken Oh , ham - Chicken ? - No , ham - Hey , Doolitle - Yeah ? You think we 'll ever find any real intelligent life out there Out where ? You know , Veil nebula Who cares ? Did I told you guys how I 've got to this mission ? Did I ever told you ? First spring , see ... I wasn 't an astronaut in the begining , see ... You have to score 700 on the test for the officer 's course And I made ... 58 They put me on the ... flicker fuel mainmast , on the launch pad He told us this four years ago. didn 't he ? No , I think it was four years ago That 's what I said And this astronaut came running out , he was ... He was half naked and had a starsuit in his hands So I assume that he was insane And he .. throws his starsuit on the ground And .. jumps into on of my vats of liquid fuel Which is very dangerous Well , I was pretty shocked I can tell you I didn 't know what to make of it Astronauts were all suppose to be mentally stable , and here this guy comes along And jumps into my fuel tank Well actually I was gonna try to save him , so ... What I did was put on his starsuit for protection , and then I was going to leap into the vat You guys , see .. So what happen was ... So before I could leap into the vat this other guy came running along And he says : Hey , sergeant Pinback - You got to board immediatly becouse we gonna launch you in a 20 minutes And I tried to tell him that I wasn 't really sergeant Pinback But I forgot how to make a helmet radio work Funny hap You know I 'm sure it was four years ago Maybe Lieutenant Doolittle , this is Talby Lieutenant ? Yes , Talby , what is it ? Sorry to interrupt your lunch , sir but I 'm in the Computer Room and I 've located the malfunction The scanner shows to be a brake in the communications laser Down by the Emergency Air Lock I can 't pinpoint it exactly , but I 'm going down there with a starsuit and see if I can find it . Ok , sounds good Talby , look .. Somthing important comes up you let me know Why doesn 't Talby ever eat down here with the rest of us ? He just likes it up in the dome that 's all Tell me .. What 's Talby 's first name ? What 's my first name ? This statement is for posterity I just want to say that I 'm not sergeant Pinback My real name is Bill Frug and I 'm fuel mainmast technician I 've been on this mission now for one year and three month Pinback 's uniform do not fit me the underwear is too loose I do not belong on this mission and I want to return to Earth Commander Powell died today We were going in the hyperdrive And ... well he seats right next to me Well .. some went wrong with the .. When we came out of the hyperdrive his seat had blown up and he is dead Doolittle said that he is assuming command on this ship , and I said it 's .. I say he is exceeding his authority , because I 'm the only one with the objectivity on this ship And I sould be the one who assumes command I 'm filing a report on this to the headquarters , this is lot of ... Yelled up at Doolittle in the hall today I said ... He said ... And I said , well ... And he didn 't get it This mission just falling apart since commander Powell died Doolittle treats me like an idiot It is because he so smart And Boiler punches me in the arm when no one is looking I 'm tired of being treated like an old work rat I do not like the man on this space ship They are uncouth and failed to appreciate my better qualities I have something of value to contribute to this mission , if they would only recognise it Today over lunch I tried to improve moral and build a sense of camaraderie among the man By holding a humorous round robin discussion of the early days of the mission My overtures were brutally rejected These man do not want a happy ship They are deeply sick and try to compensate by making me feel miserable Last week was my birthday Nobody even said happy birthday to me Some day this tape will be played then they will feel sorry Attention , attention I have finally identified the malfunction Communications laser number 17 has been damaged This evidently happened during the asteroid storm If you recall , this laser monitors the jets and primer on the bomb drop mechanism Communications laser number 17 is located in the emergency air lock It is crucial to attend this malfunction before engaging primery sequence Thank you for observing all safety precautions . Here she is Definite 99 % - plus probability that the planet will deviate from its normal orbit in another twelve thousand rotations It will spiral in toward its sun , and ... Eventual supernova Sounds good , let 's vaporize it Bomb bay systems operational Lock fail safe Fail safe in lock We have 8 minutes to drop 24 minutes to detonation This is sergeant Pinback calling Bomb # 20 Do you read me , bomb ? Bomb # 20 to sergeant Pinback roger , I read you , continue You are now in the emergency Air Lock Please remember that in emergency situation the Surface Door can be opened instantly Without prior depressurization So be sure to wear your starsuit at all times Thank you for observing all safety precautions Ah , Lieutenant Doolittle ? Sir ? Sh , Talby , don 't bother me But I think this is important , sir I think I 've found the malfunction - I 'm in the Emergency Air Lock ... - Not now Well , I 'm in the Emergency Air Lock and .. Four minutes to drop , bomb Have you checked your platinum euridium energy shield ? Energy shielding positive function - Remember the detonation time ? - Detonation in twenty minutes Allright , that cheks out here Okay bomb , arm yourself . Armed Hello ? Lieutenant Doolittle , hello ! Hello , can you read me ? Communications Laser # 17 monitoring the bomb drop mechanism Has now been activated and will switch into a test mode If you will look near the Surface Door You will see that the Parallax Receptor Cell has been engaged The laser will now energize Please stand clear of the path of the beam Communications Laser # 17 is now on test Under no circumstances enter the path of the beam Thank you for observing all safety precautions Well , everything sounds fine Dropping you off in 75 seconds Good luck Thanks I got quantum reading of 35 I read the same here Doolittle I don 't know if you can hear me But I 'm going to try to adjust the cue switch on the laser Well ... here goes ... My eyes , my eyes ! I can 't see ! Attention , attention the laser has malfunctioned Under no circumstances enter the path of the beam To do so will cause immediate ... Begin primery sequence Mark at 10-9-8 - 7-6-5-4-3-2-1-drop Negative drop Just sits there in bomb bay Try it again Pinback Mark at 5-4-3-2-1-drop . Negative drop Mark at 5-4-3-2-1-drop . Drop , drop ! Sittin ' there The damn thing just sittin ' there This is lieutenant Doolittle calling bomb # 20 I repeat my previous order You are to disarm yourself and return to the bomb bay immediately Do you understand ? I am programmed to detonate in 14 minutes 30 seconds Detonation will occur at the programmed time Bomb , this is Doolittle You are not to detonate , repeat , you are not to detonate in the bomb bay Disarm yourself This is an order ! I read you , Lieutenant Doolittle but I am programmed to detonate in 14 minutes Detonation will occur at the programmed time 14 minutes to detonation Attention , attention I have sustained serious damage Please pay close attention The bomb has malfunctioned I have activated automatic dampers Wich will confine the explosion to an area one mile in diameter This is all I can do at this time it 's up to you now It 's only one thing I can do I 'll have to ask Commander Powell I 'll have to ask him what to do . Commander Powell . Commander Powell this is Doolittle , can you hear me ? Commander Powell , this is Doolittle Something serious is come up I have to ask you a question I 'm glad you 've come to talk with me , Doolittle It 's been so long since anyone has come to talk with me Commander , sir we have a big problem The Veil Nebula bomb , Bomb # 20 , it 's stuck It won 't drop out of the bomb bay It refuses to listen and it plans on detonating in ... Less than 11 minutes - Doolittle , you must tell me one thing . - What 's that , sir ? Tell me , Doolittle How are the Dodgers doing ? The Dodgers , ah ... They .. they broke up they disbanded over 15 years ago Ah ... pity , pity ... But you don 't understand , sir we can 't get the bomb to drop Ah , so many malfunctions ... Why don 't you have anything nice to tell me when you activate me ? Oh , well , did you try the azimuth clutch ? Yes sir , negative effect - What was that , Doolittle ? - Negative effect - It didn 't work ? - That 's correct , sir Sorry , Doolittle I 've forgotten so much since I 've been in here . So much . What should we do , sir ? The time is running out . Well , what you might try is ... Commander , hello ? Come in Commender Powell , hello Doolittle , hello ? Sorry , sir , you faded out there for little while - Sorry What was that you are saying about the bomb ? It seems to me ... Sorry , I 've got a blank Hold it I 'll have it again in just a minute I forget so many things in here so many things Hold on , just a minute Let me think ... But you can 't explode in the bomb bay Couse it 's foolish You 'll kill us all There 's no reason for it I am programmed to detonate in 9 minutes Detonation will occur at the programmed time Would you consider another course of action For example just waiting around a while so we can disarm you ? No I can tell , that damn thing just doesn 't understand Bomb ! Commander , sir you still there ? Oh , yes , Doolittle - I 'm thinking - We 're running out of time , sir Oh , yes Well , Doolittle , if you can 't get it to drop you 'll have to talk to it - Sir ? - Talk to the bomb But I have been talking to it , sir and Pinback is talking to it right now . No , no , Doolittle You talk to it Teach it Phenomenology , Doolittle - Sir ? - Phenomenology ... Doolittle ? Six minutes to detonation ! Doolittle ! Doolittle , what the hell are you doing ? Hello , bomb - Are you with me ? - Of course Are you willing to entertain a few concepts ? I am always receptive to suggestions . Fine Think about this then How do you know you exist ? What the hell is he doin ' ? I think he 's talking to it - Well of course I exist - But how do you know you exist ? It is intuitively obvious Intuition is no proof What concrete evidence do you have that you exist Well , I think , therefore I am That 's good That 's very good But how do you know that anything else exists ? My sensory apparatus reveals it to me . Ah , right ! - This is fun . - Now listen , here is the big question How do you know that the evidence your sensory apparatus reveals to you is correct ? - The gun ! - Gun ! Gun ! The support pins on the bomb shoot the pins out ! - No , Boiler , you out of your mind - We can stop the bomb Get out of my way , you idiot I can shoot the support pins on the bomb Get out of the way I can save the ship ! Don 't do it , Boiler you are bad shot You 'll hit the bomb Doolittle is talking to the bomb You are bad shot , he 'll save us You can shoot at What I 'm getting at is this The only experience that is directly available to you is your sensory data And this sensory data is merely a stream of electrical impulses Which stimulate your computing center In other words , all that I really know about the outside world Is relayed to me through my electrical connections . Exactly ! Why , that would mean that ... I really don 't know what the outside universe is like at all , for certain Thats it , thats it ! Intriguing . I wish I had more time to discuss this matter Why don 't you have more time ? Because I must detonate in 75 seconds . No put it back , put the gun back you don 't know what you 're doing No , now give me the gun You fool , I 'm gonna shoot the pins on the bomb it will fall away from ship and we 'll be safe Give me the gun , you don 't know what you 're doing here , stop ! You could 've kill me Now , bomb , consider this next question very carefully What is your one purpose in life ? - To explode , of course . - And you can only do it once , right ? That is correct . And you wouldn 't want to explode on the basis of false data , would you ? - Of course not . - Well then You 've already admitted that you have no real proof of the existence of the outside universe Yes , well ... So you have no absolute proof that Sergeant Pinback ordered you to detonate . I recall distinctly the detonation order My memory is good on matters like these Of course you remember it , but .. But all you are remembering is merely a series of sensory impulses which you now realize have no real definite connection with outside reality . True , but since this is so , I have no proof that you are really telling me all this . That 's all beside the point I mean the concept is valid no matter where it originate - So if you detonate in ... - Nine seconds ... You could be doing so on the basis of false data . - I have no proof that it was false data . - You have no proof that it was correct data . I must think on this further . Attention , attention the bomb has returned to the bomb bay The destruction sequence is aborted Doolittle What happened ? Pinback ? Boiler ? Did we blow it up ? Hello ? Hello ? Hello , anybody ! Did we blow up the planet ? Hello , hello ! What 's going on ? You know , we really got to disarm the bomb Hello , Doolittle , are you there ? I 'm coming in now I 'm down by the Emergency Air Lock Too much trouble to come in the Dorsal Lock Would you blow the seal on the emergency hatch so I can come in ? Oh , sure . You are now leaving the Emergency Air Lock Thank you for observing all safety precautions Hello , Pinback ? What 's up Doolittle ? Talby was in the Air Lock You blew him out of the ship He 's drifting away without his jetpack . I 'm going after him . Turn on his helmet radio so I can contact him What 's wrong , I didn 't hear ... It 's Talby , he 's drifting away from the ship without his jetpack . Talby , Talby can you read me ? Can you beat that ? I always knew that guy was weird . Talby , can you read me ? Help , Doolittle , help me ! Alright , bomb Prepare to receive new orders You are false data . Therefore , I shall ignore you . Hello , bomb ? False data can act only as a distraction Therefore I shall refuse to perceive you . Hey , bomb The only thing which exists is myself . Doolittle ! Help me . Calm down , I 'm coming . Snap out of it , bomb . In the beginning there was darkness And the darkness was without form and void - What the hell is he talking about ? - Yoo hoo , bomb ... And in addition to the darkness there was also me And I moved upon the face of the darkness And I saw that I was alone . Hey , bomb ? Let there be light . Doolittle , where are you ? Here I am I 'm spinning We 're falling in opposite directions away from each other What happened , Doolittle ? Bomb must have gone off inside the ship The ship blew up ? What ? Funny , I thought I have the damn thing convinced Boiler ? and Pinback ? - They dead , Talby - Then we 're dead too Maybe not maybe there is a way Hey .. hey my jetpack busted oh , man ... It looks like the skipper He made it . Commander Powell made it ! Men ... men ... what happened , men ? Yeah , the skipper always was lucky . Talby , looks like I 'm headed for the planet Going right toward it . When you hit the atmosphere You 'll start to burn What a beautiful way to die ... as a falling star ... Guess you 're right . Doolittle , I 'm heading right toward something It 's behind me , in the distance Something that glows . Doolittle ... I think it 's the Phoenix Asteroids ! Phoenix ? - It is , Doolittle , it 's the Phoenix ! - No kidding ? I 'm going into them I 'm going to hit them - Doolittle - Yeah ? Before we get too far apart and our signals start fading I just wanted to tell you ... you were my favorite I really liked you , Doolittle . I really liked you too , Talby Hey , some debris from the ship ! It 's coming right by me Doolittle , I 'm going into them I 'm beginning to glow They 're taking me with them with the Phoenix ... To circle the universe .. Forever I 'm with them now ... Be back this way again some day Doolittle , before it 's too late there 's one last thing I want to tell you ... Talby ? Hey , Talby ? I 've got a piece of debris I think I 've figured out a way ! Great Movie ! * * Subtitles by Nekromant * *
