 Go ahead , Red Baron 5 . Roger . Orbiting southeast corner sector Alpha Charlie . We 've spotted what appears to be a spacecraft just outside the surfline . Alert Rescue and advise to remain on station for 45 minutes . And we 'll squat 7700 for a radar fix . Radio : Roger . Rescue , I have Red Baron 5 . Report a possible spacecraft offshore southeast sector Alpha Charlie . Immediately launch chopper . Effect pickup and recovery . Base radar will vector . Man : Every body out ! Come on ! Let 's go ! Sergeant , get that half-track down here and get a cable out to those frogmen . Yes , sir ! The general , sir . Anybody in that thing ? I don 't know , sir . We just beached it . All right , open her up . Open it up ! Welcome , gentlemen , to the United Sta .. - Did you call the zoo ? - Yes , sir , we 're in luck . Sick bay 's almost empty , except for a mauled fox cub and a deer with pneumonia and a depressed gorilla . The apes will be hidden from the public . They 'll be quarantined . They need medical attention , it 's available right on the spot . And the experts can start giving them the once-over first thing tomorrow . - General Brody 's very pleased . - Oh , me too , me too . We can 't allow monkeys to leave their messes on the floor , huh ? Have they been fed ? Raw steak or something ? The zoo tells me that chimpanzees , like all apes , are vegetarians , sir . They suggested oranges . Good God ! What 's the matter , Corporal ? Excuse me . I didn 't mean to disturb you while you 're dressing . What the hell am I saying ? They 're pretending to dress , sir . What do you mean pretending ? They are dressing up ! - Where did they get clothes ? - They brought them with them , sir . - What ? - In that suitcase . Suitcase ? Greg , maybe you should give them their oranges . Uh , well , they 're .. They 're going to the zoo infirmary . Arrange for a police escort at 1 630 hours . They 'll have company there . There 's a gorilla in the next cage . Why did he do that ? Here you are , old fella . Boy , you really are sick . Hello , missy . Have a banana . Have it your own way , mate . - Zira ! - I 'm not his mate . I 'm yours . Control yourself . I think they 're trying to be kind . This cage stinks of gorilla . Cornelius , where are we ? What 's happened ? I know where we are . I know what has happened . In some fashion .. and I lack the intellect to know precisely how .. we have traveled from Earth 's future to Earth 's past . But we saw the Earth destroyed . And Earth will be destroyed just as we saw it . Only since seeing it , we have passed through a backward disturbance in time . Did you notice the date meter clicking down after the shock wave hit our ship ? Yes . We have returned to Earth nearly 2,000 years before its destruction . That is another reason for us to keep silent . Our human captors will not be edified to learn that one day their world will crack like an egg and burn to a cinder because ofan ape war ofaggression . Apes , at this instant in time , cannot yet talk . For the moment , we should follow their example . Oh , the driver gave me this report from the air base . Better read it before we start the test . Yeah , it 's the usual imitative behavior . " Mimicking salutes , handshaking , sitting on chairs , eating offplates with knives . " - Well , what is it , Lewis ? - There was sort of a carpetbag on the ship . - Full offood ? - No , clothes and it seems they changed into them . I don 't believe it . Hi , Dr. Dixon . Dr. Branton . - Good morning , Arthur . - Morning . - The female 's a bit uppity , sir . - Oh ? Okay , I 'll be careful . I see you 've prepared the Wisconsin multiphasic . We 'll begin with that . Um , go easy now , Stevie . Oh , they look pretty docile to me . Yes , but don 't take any chances . Unless the spacecraft was remotely controlled , they must have been conditioned to push at least some of the right buttons . I mean , they can 't be morons . All right , we 'll take the female first . Arthur , would you set up a cha .. Well , she seems to be pretty smart . All right , let 's make it more diffcult . They , uh , haven 't had their breakfast yet ? Not a bite . Just as you ordered . Good . We 'll offer the banana . - Well , why doesn 't she take it ? - Because I loathe bananas ! - Zira ! - I don 't believe it . Yes . Arthur , I think Dr. Branton needs some air . Zira , are you mad ? Dr. Milo , please , do not call my wife mad ! I did not call her mad . I merely asked her ifshe was ! And I repeat the question . Are you mad ? - I hate deceit ! - Well , there is a time for truth and a time not for lies , but for silence . And until we know who our friends are and who our enemies .. And how in the name ofGod are we to know that unless we communicate ? - We can speak , so I spoke . - And we can listen ! Yes , to a lot of psychiatric small talk ! - And we can watch . - A display ofprimitive apparatus ! Primitive ? It 's prehistoric ! - Couldn 't test the intelligence of a newt ! - Calm yourself , Zira ! - I am calm ! - Zira ! Zira ! - Stop arguing ! It 's too late for that . Use your heads and start thinking . Now that they know we can speak , how much will we tell them ? - Milo ! We 'll need a full autopsy . With special emphasis on the cranial and oral areas . Let us know when the report comes in . Will you , please ? I 'd better do this alone . Um , we mean you no harm . Do you understand ? We will not hurt you . - Poor Dr. Milo . - Doctor ? Yes . Doctor . You killed him ! No , I didn 't . He did . - One of your own kind . - Zira : He 's a gorilla ! Well , look , there 's nothing to be afraid of . You see , he 's in chains . He 's under sedation . Do you understand that ? I should . I 've been doing it halfmy life to humans . Humans ? I 'm a psychiatrist . Oh , well , I 'm .. I 'm a psychiatrist too . Do you have a name ? My name is Cornelius . This is my wife Zira . And I 'm Lewis . Lewis Dixon . Nobody 's going to believe this . Believe what ? - That primitive apes can talk . - Primitive ? Uh ... well , I mean that in our , um ... primitive , um , civilization , apes just don 't talk . I mean , I think it 's important that when our primitive security precautions are lifted , that the first time you say anything in public , you should talk to what we primitively call the right people . May I say something ... personal ? Please . I like you . I have from the beginning . - Good afternoon , gentlemen . - All : Mr. President . I 'm aware that what I have to tell you may conceivably create a credibility gap - somewhat wider than the Grand Canyon . Nonetheless , it is true . Yesterday , a U.S. spacecraft splashed down off the Southern California coast . It was one of two that have been missing in space for over 2 years now . To be exact , the one commanded by Colonel Taylor . Have they identified the bodies , Mr. President ? They have identified 3 bodies , yes , all living . At the time of their rescue , through an unfortunate accident one of them was killed early this morning in the Los Angeles Zoo . - Zoo ? - What would astronauts be doing in a zoo , Mr. President ? They are not astronauts , General Faulkner . - They are apes . Chimpanzees , to be more precise . They 're harmless , friendly , and by all reports extremely intelligent and sophisticated creatures . But naturally , being animals , they cannot tell us where the ship came from or how they came to be in it . I have , therefore , decided to convene a Presidential Commission of lnquiry in Los Angeles tomorrow . The 2 surviving apes will be presented to the commission for their inspection . The press will be invited to attend , not to participate . I don 't believe that we can withhold this extraordinary discovery from the world any longer . One of the 2 American spaceships believed until now to have disintegrated in orbit , splashed down unexpectedly yesterday in the Pacific Ocean off the coast ofSouthern California . And is stated to have been manned .. if you can call it manned .. by monkeys . Reporters : General ! No comment . I have nothing to say , gentlemen . - Reporters : Senator ! - I 'm sorry , boys , not now . I haven 't the time now . A little later , please . Reporter : Here comes the chairman . Later . Later . As the president 's senior science advisor , what do you expect to experience from this historic meeting ? - Fear . All right now , after I break the news , I want you to start slowly with simple answers to what will certainly be simple questions . And if the questions become less simple ? - Be yourself . - Your better self , Zira . - Please . Man : They 're ready , sir . All right , it 's time . What do they think we are , gorillas ? I 'm sorry . That 's it . Just be seated . Uh , Mr. Chairman , members of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , my name is Lewis Dixon . And I am the animal psychiatrist who has been in charge of these 2 apes since they came to the Los Angeles Zoo . My associate , Dr. Stephanie Branton and I are ready to answer your questions . What may astonish you is that , um , our chimpanzee friends are ready to answer your questions too . Not by signs , not by looks , or movements , but by words . - Ha ha ha ! - Ha ha ha ! Dr. Dixon , as a zoologist , I know and respect your work , but if you think you 're going to turn a presidential inquiry into a ventriloquist 's act , I have to inform you .. And I have to inform you , sir , that these two apes have acquired the power ofspeech . Come now , Doctor , you know as well as I do their brain system is not developed in either the vocal or abstract thinking area . Yes , sir , but I repeat that they have the power ofspeech . And it is for you gentlemen to assess how far that power can be exercised intelligently . Well , may we be told which is the female of the species ? Did she rise as a reflex to you having indicated her , or in answer to my question ? That 's for you to decide . - Have you a name ? - Zira . Certainly she can articulate , which , in itself , is extraordinary ! Uh , but , Dr. Dixon , are we to infer that Zira is her name or some phrase in her language ? Infer what you will , Mr. Chairman . I suggest you rephrase the question . What is your name ? Zi-ra ! One might as well be talking to a parrot . A parrot ! Mechanical mimicry . Unique in an ape vocally , without a doubt , but , uh , does the other one talk ? Only when she lets me . - Dr. Hasslein ? - No ... nothing . - Mr. Chairman . - Yes ? - What is the male 's name , please ? - Cornelius . - My lawfully wedded spouse . - Wedded ? We 'll take that up later , Your Eminence . Cornelius , do you and your lawfully wedded spouse speak any language other than English ? What is English ? I speak the language taught to me by my father and mother , who were taught by their fathers and mothers before them . It has been the language ofour ancestors for nearly 2,000 years . As to its origins , who can be sure ? Gorillas and orangutans ofour community believe that God created the ape in his own image . Nonsense ! Cornelius , as an intellectual , you know damned well the gorillas are a bunch ofmilitaristic nincompoops . And the orangutans are a bunch ofblinkered , pseudoscientific geese ! As to humans , I 've dissect .. I 've examined thousands of them . And until now , I 've only discovered 2 who could talk in my life . God knows who taught them . Where we come from , apes talk . Humans are dumb . Where do you come from , Cornelius ? I 'm not sure . Dr. Milo was sure . Dr. Milo was a genius well in advance ofhis time . When the spacecraft first landed on our seaboard , it was Dr. Milo who salvaged it . He studied it and halfunderstood it . Half ? Was halfenough ? It was enough for us to escape when war became inevitable . Enough for Dr. Milo to be murdered in your zoo . Enough for my wife and I to be here now . - From where , Cornelius ? - I told you , I 'm not sure . Maybe the female knows . Of course the female knows ! We came from your future ! That doesn 't make any sense . It 's the only thing that does . - Mr. Chairman . - Yes ? Cornelius , you spoke ofwar . - War between whom ? - The gorillas and whoever lives .. lived . - Will live . - Who won the war ? I don 't know . Chimpanzees are pacifists . We stayed at home . - But you left before the war had ended . - In a spaceship . - Which Dr. Milo learned to navigate . - Correct . Cornelius . Did you know Colonel Taylor ? No . Is he a soldier ? We are peaceful creatures . We are happy to be here . May we be unchained ? Here they come . Gentlemen , do you have .. No comment . No comment . - No comment . - No comment . - Mr. Chairman , a word . - I 'll give you one .. preposterous . - Well , can you define that , Mr. Chairman ? - Uh , no , let me just say this . As head of this commission , it will be our duty to sit through the facts of this bizarre affair and pass our conclusions onto the president of the United States for implementation . - What a load ofhogger mogger . - Dr. Hasslein . - No comment , please . - How will you advise the president to handle this unique situation ? - No comment . - All right then , Dr. Hasslein , could you tell us how you personally would handle it ? No , gentlemen , no comment ... yet . Doctor . You were fabulous ! You were marvelous . They loved you . All that applause . But there was a moment .. There was when he started to ask us .. Zira ! - Cornelius , I think we should tell them . - No . - But only to Lewis and Stevie . - Oh , Zira . I have to be honest with someone . Cornelius , please . You tell them . Well , you see ... we did know Colonel Taylor . We came to love him . I don 't understand what harm there could be in telling that to the commission ? Where we come from , apes did not love humans . They , uh , hunted them for sport , much as you would animals . Yes . We use their bodies , alive and dead , experimentally for anatomical dissection and scientific research . Well , we do the same thing to animals . I mean , as a scientist , I sympathize , but I agree that that 's a revelation the masses would not take kindly to . I think you did the right thing in denying knowledge of colonel Taylor . - There was another reason . - Stevie : What ? They would have asked ifhe was still alive . - And is he ? - Oh , no , no , no , he can 't be . Well , how did you know ? Because from the windows of the spaceship ... we saw the Earth ... destroyed . Stand by . Good evening , this is Bill Bonds reporting from Los Angeles where the biggest story since the moon landing broke this morning when 2 apes talked . I repeat , talked to the Presidential Commission of lnquiry . With me this evening in the studio is Dr. Otto Hasslein . He is a senior scientific advisor at the White House . And he 'll be giving us his views on the crucial statement made at this morning 's session . Dr. Hasslein , as I recall , when you asked the male ape where he was from , the female replied , " From your future . " - Yes . - Would you believe that ? Absolutely . I think it is the only explanation . Well , maybe the explanation needs some explaining now . You 've written several learned dissertations on the nature of time . Could you explain in terms that our viewers at home will understand ? How , for instance , a person , or persons , could travel from time past to time future or , indeed , vice versa ? Mr. Bonds , I think that time can only be fully understood by an observer with a godlike gift ofinfinite regression . Could you explain infinite regression for us ? - Roll the film . - I 'd more than happy to . As a matter offact , I came prepared to do just that . Now here 's a painting of a landscape . The artist who painted that picture says something is missing .. what is it ? " It is I myself , who was part of the landscape I painted . " So he mentally takes a step backward , or regresses , and paints a picture of the artist painting a picture of the landscape . But still something is missing .. and that something is still his real self painting the second picture . So he regresses further and paints a third . A picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a picture of the landscape . But because something is still missing , he paints a fourth and a fifth until he paints a picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a landscape . So infinite regression then is .. It is the moment when our artist has regressed to the point ofinfinity , and himself , becomes part of the landscape he painted and is both the observer and the observed . Well , now in that peculiar condition , what would he be observing ifhe were observing , let 's say , time ? He would perceive , Mr. Bonds , that time is like a freeway with an infinite number oflanes , all leading from the past into the future , however , not unto the same future . A driver in lane " A " may crash while a driver in lane " B " survives . It follows that a driver , by changing lanes can change his future . Now , Mr. Bonds , I do not find it diffcult to believe that in the dark and turbulent corridors ofouter space , the impact ofsome distant planetary , even galactic disaster , jumped the apes from their present into ours . Indeed , the prooflies in their arrival among us . And in their spoken , and I repeat spoken testimony . Thank you very much , Dr. Hasslein . It 's certainly the most incredible story this reporter has ever covered . I think that by their intelligence and their good humor , the 2 so-called " ape-o-nauts " have already captured the hearts of the entire American nation . They will not be required to appear before the commission tomorrow . That hearing , of course , is going to be held in private . They will , however , be taken from the zoo infirmary to a hotel , and they will be given an extended tour of the city . This is Bill Bonds reporting for Eyewitness News . - Good night . - Good night . - Your luggage , ma 'am ? - Of course , it 's mine ! Address , please . - The zoo . 40 . May I measure your inside leg , sir ? - No . - Oh . Dr. Cornelius , tell me , how do you find our women ? Very human . Very good . Very good . Excuse me . Madam Zira , I represent Furand Feather , a pet magazine . Do you think I 'm a pet ? Well , yes , I do , rather . - Say , why don 't you try some ? - What is it ? Well , it 's sort of like grape juice plus . Wait ! Just a sip ! Madam Zira , what is your favorite fruit ? Grape . And that 's the way it was tonight at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel . - Ha ha ha . - Tomorrow , Zira is to speak at the Bay Area 's Women 's Club . And later , she 'll accompany Dr. Hasslein to the Museum of Natural History . Meanwhile , Cornelius will attend a prizefight . That 's his first one . Later , he 'll visit Disneyland to dedicate a new boat for theJungle Cruise . Now , for a look at the weather . Sunny California will not be exactly that tomorrow . Clouds will cover the coastal area with light showers predicted . The downtown .. - Tired ? - A little . - How is that ? - Soothing ... but very wet . A marriage bed is made for two , but every damn morning it 's the woman who has to make it ! We have heads as well as hands . I call upon men to let us use them ! How do you like it , Cornelius ? Beastly . A giant flesh-eating dinosaur . Now , its scientific name is a compound of the greek antron which means " hollow " and dimas which means " body frame . " Referring to the backbone or vertebrae . Now , this little fellow is Camptosaurus Marsh , a primitive duckbilled dinosaur . Its scientific name is a compound of the greek kampto , which means " flexible or bent , " and sauros , which means " Iizard . " Its generic name , therefore , is " flexible lizard . " In 1 879 , O.C. Marsh of yale University described the first known species from the Jurassic beds of arikoma . Since then , other specimens have been found .. - It must have been the shock . - Shock , my foot ! I 'm pregnant . I shan 't leave you until Cornelius is back . - No , no , no , no ! - No , I insist . Please sit down . Now , is there anything I can get you , Zira ? Well , I have a strange craving . That is only natural . For grape juice plus . Grape juice plus ? It 's in the .. the refrigerator . All right . Is this it ? Here we go . Lewis said only a sip . Zira , it is an excellent restorative , I assure you . Especially in cases ofpregnancy , you know . - How long have you known ? - Oh , since well before the war . Mmm . - Do you mind if I smoke ? - Uh-uh . Oh , no , I shouldn 't , not in your condition . Who won your war ? It wasn 't our war . It was the gorillas ' war . Chimpanzees are passion .. pacifists ! We stayed behind . We never saw the enemy . But which side won ? Neither . But how do you know that if you weren 't there , Zira ? When we were in space , we saw bright , white , blinding light . Then we saw the rim of the Earth melt . Then there was a tornado in the sky . Wooo . I feel magnificently sleepy . The date meter on the spaceship . What did it read af ter Earth 's destruction ? 1 9 ... 73 . And before .. before the white light and the tornado ? 39 ... 50 ... something . Before the white light and the tornado ? Zira : 39 ... 50 ... something . - So ? - So you have evidence , Mr. President , that one day , talking apes will dominate this Earth and eventually destroy it by 3950 something . I doubt that we shall still be in office by then . And according to the NASA experts , who are still subjecting the spaceship to microscopic scrutiny , the precise year ofwhat you merely inferred to be Earth 's destruction is recorded on the flight synthesizer as 3955 A.D. , presumably . Now , what do you expect me and the United Nations .. though not necessarily in that order .. to do about it ? Alter what you believe to be the course of the future by slaughtering 2 innocents ? Or rather 3 , now that one of them is pregnant . Herod tried that , and Christ survived . Mr. President , Herod lacked our facilities . He also became very unpopular , historically unpopular . And we don 't want that to happen , do we ? I am saying that our 2 visitors seem to be charming , peaceful people .. or rather creatures .. and that the voters love them . Do you want them and their progeny to dominate the world , Mr. President ? Well , not at the next election , no . But , one day , if the progeny turn out as well as the parents , who knows , they may do a betterjob ofit than we have . By destroying the world ? Are you quite sure that what they saw destroyed was the world ? - Well , aren 't you ? - I consider it dispassionately as a possibility , not hysterically as a fact . Mr. President , we have their own testimony that they provoked the war . And they seemed to have provoked you pretty thoroughly into the bargain . I 'm not saying that you 're wrong , Hasslein , but I am saying that before I have them shot against the wall , I want convincing that the handwriting on the wall is calculably true . Now ... convince me . By their own testimony we know that apes one day will acquire the power of intelligent speech . By Zira 's testimony , we know that she is pregnant with child . By my own testimony we know that it 's genetically possible for this child .. provided , of course , always that we permit its birth .. to bear or beget a talking ape by a dumb one in a present-dayjungle or a present-day zoo . Do you truly believe that by deliberate present-day action we can neutralize that possibility ? - That we can alter the future ? - Yes , Mr. President , I do . Do you also believe that we should ? Given the power to alter the future , have we the right to use it ? I don 't know . I 've wrestled with this , Mr. President . I just don 't know . How many futures are there ? Which future has God , if there is a God , chosen for man 's destiny ? If I urged the destruction of these 2 apes , am I defy ing God 's will or obeying it ? Am I His enemy or His instrument ? An assassin would say the latter . - Do you approve of assassination ? - Well , Mr. President , we condoned the attempted assassination of Hitler because he was evil . Yes , but would we have approved killing him in babyhood when he was still innocent ? Or killing his mother when he was still in her womb ? Or slaughtering his remote ancestors ? We have no proof , Hasslein , that these apes are evil . - Mr. President , there are very strong indications . - Such as . There were hesitancies and small discrepancies in their answers to the commission . Which suggests to me that if they were properly interrogated .. Are you suggesting that they were improperly interrogated ? - Let us say unprofessionally . - You want it professional ? - The full works , Mr. President . - Tell that to the commission . I 'll abide by their findings . Having convened in secret session at the request of the president , the commission makes the following interim recommendations .. " 1 . The public should be informed " that the apes , after their arduous space voyage , " and the fatigue arising from its intended publicity , " are to be afforded rest and privacy in a location whose identity " will not be divulged to the public . " 2 . Since , however , " there is justifiable cause for suspecting " that they have withheld vital information from this commission , " the ' ape-o-nauts ' will , in fact , be escorted by Dr. Lewis Dixon " to the installation known as Camp 1 1 . " Held there in his care for interrogation by the CIA under the guidance and supervision of Dr. Otto Hasslein . " Zira : When we were in space , we saw bright , white , blinding light . Brighter than this ? - Ooh . - Ooh . Zira : Then we saw the rim of the Earth melt . Then there was a tornado in the sky . That 's your voice , isn 't it ? How can I tell ? I don 't even remember . Why don 't you remember ? Because Dr. Hasslein made me drunk ! Why did you tell something to Dr. Hasslein when drunk that you never told the commission when sober ? Because you and your husband were frightened for the safety of yourselves and your unborn child ? I withheld nothing . Nobody asked me . But ifsomebody had asked ... I should have said that chimpanzees had no part in the destruction of Earth . Only the gorillas and the orangutans . What 's the difference ? You 're all monkeys . Please do not use the word monkey . It is offensive to us . As an archaeologist , I had access to history scrolls which were kept secret from the masses and I suspect that the weapon which destroyed Earth was man 's own invention . I do know this : one of the reasons for man 's original downfall was your peculiar habit ofmurdering one another . Man destroys man . Apes do not destroy apes . Cornelius . This is not an interracial hassle , but a search for facts . We do not deny the possibility ofman 's decline and fall . All we want to find out is how apes rose . Well ... it began in our prehistory with the plague that fell upon dogs . - And cats . - Hundreds and thousands of them died , and hundreds and thousands of them had to be destroyed in order to prevent the spread ofinfection . - There were dog bonfires . - Yes . And by the time the plague was contained , man was without pets . Of course , for man , this was intolerable . I mean , he might kill his brother , but he could not kill his dog . So humans took primitive apes as pets . Zira : Primitive and dumb , but still 20 times more intelligent than dogs or cats . Correct . They were quartered in cages , but they lived and moved freely in human homes . They became responsive to human speech , and in the course ofless than 2 centuries , they progressed from performing mere tricks to performing services . Nothing more or less than a well-trained sheepdog could do . Could a sheepdog cook or clean the house or do the marketing for the groceries with a list from its mistress or wait on tables ? Or after 3 more centuries , turn the tables on their owners ? How ? They became alert to the concept ofslavery , and , as their numbers grew , to slavery ' s antidote , which , of course , is unity . Well , at first , they began assembling in small groups . They learned the art of corporate and militant action . They learned to refuse . At first , theyjust grunted their refusal . But then , on an historic day which is commemorated by my species and fully documented in the sacred scrolls , there came Aldo . He did not grunt . He articulated . He spoke a word which had been spoken to him over time without number by humans . He said ... " No . " So that 's how it all started . Clip one , please . Cornelius : Where we come from , apes talk . Humans are dumb . You recognize your husband 's words to the commission ? Yes . So humans were dumb . Were they happy ? Clip two . Zira : As to humans , I 've dissect .. I 've examined thousands of them . And until now , I 've only discovered 2 who could talk in my life . Why did you change words in the middle of a sentence ? Repeat first three seconds of clip two . Zira : As to humans , I 've dissect .. I 've examined .. - What was the word you didn 't finish ? - I can 't remember . - Play the loop . - Zira : Dissect .. Dissect .. Dissect .. - Complete the word , monkey . - Look , I have told you .. - Complete the word ! - Dissect .. Dissect .. Dissect .. Dissect .. Dissect .. Dissect .. Dissect .. Sounds as if I had hiccups ! Call for Dr. Dixon , please . Dr. Dixon ? Dr. Hasslein calling Dr. Dixon . P.A. : Calling Dr. Dixon . Ah , Dr. Dixon . Come in . - Be good enough to administer this to the female . - Why ? What is it ? Sodium Pentothal . 1 / 2 gram l.V. - Dr. Hasslein , I 'm an animal psychiatrist . - And a qualified vet , Dr. Dixon . You have the commission 's authority . And that of the president . Please . Zira , I 've been asked to give you an injection .. You can 't use that ! We only use those things for killing . - Killing ? - No , this is not for killing , Cornelius . This is for relaxing . It won 't harm her . - Will it harm my baby ? - No , it won 't . So , Zira , if you would just come with me , please . Lewis , you can 't use that on Zira ! - Please , take him to his quarters ! - Really . No , you mustn 't ! Zira ! Zira ! Please . Just lie down on the couch . And bare your arm , please . You don 't have to tell me ! This has the same effect as grape juice plus . Now count backward from 1 0 . 1 0 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 . 4 . What comes after 4 ? 2 . - Thank you , Dr. Dixon . - It 's customary to stay . - Zira . - Hmm . You worked in a room like this . Bigger . Not so pretty . And there you practiced .. Comparative . Comparative what ? - An .. an .. an .. - Anatomy ? - Anata .. - Whose anatomies did you compare ? Apes and humans ? Zira , say yes if you mean yes . - Yes . - So you dissected other apes ? Ye .. yes ... when they died a natural death . And humans , too , of course . Yes ... as they were made available . - Available ? - Gorillas hunted them for sport in nets and with guns . The survivors were put in cages . The army used some for target practice . We could pick from the rest . In the interest ofscience , you dissected , removed , and statistically compared ... bones , muscles , tendons , veins , arteries , kidneys , livers , hearts , stomachs , reproductive organs , nails , tongues , eyes , noses , nervous systems , the various reflexes . Reflexes ? Of the dead ? No , no , no , no , no , no , no . Of the living . You can 't make a dead man 's knee jump any more than you can test a corpse 's reaction to a lobotomy . You were advanced enough to perform experimental brain surgery on living humans ? Oh , yes . We even tried to stimulate their atrophied speech centers . Did you try to stimulate Colonel Taylor 's speech centers ? Of course not . He could talk already . When you left , was Colonel Taylor alive ? We loved Taylor . We did all we could to help him .. Cornelius and I . Cornelius ! She needs a nap . She 'll get it . Orderly . - Sir ? - Take the female ape to its quarters . We must get this to the commission . - Gentlemen , gentlemen . I 've received an off cial notification from the president ratify ing the final recommendations made by this commission in light of the tape recordings delivered by Dr. Hasslein . If you 'll be seated , we 'll get down to business . Now , let me review our conclusions . " 1 . By a majority vote , " the commission finds no solid evidence for hostility " by either ape towards the human race as it is presently constituted in this year , 1 973 . " - I disagree .. - Let me remind you that this was by a majority vote . " The male 's attitude is that " of a deeply interested academician " who studied the alleged future downfall of the human race " with the true objectivity of a good historian . " The female 's case is different , " in that she undoubtedly committed " actions against the human race " of a sort which , if committed today , " would be called atrocities , " but would they be so called in 2,000 years ' time , " when it is alleged that humans " will have become dumb brutes " with the intelligence of animals ? " It 's been noted that what apes will do to humans " is no more than what humans now do to beasts . " Nonetheless , the commission is sympathetic " to Dr. Hasslein 's conviction that these apes ' progeny " could , in centuries to come , " prove an increasing threat to the human race " and conceivably end by dominating it . " This is a risk we dare not ignore . " Therefore ... " the commission unanimously recommends " that the birth of the female 's unborn child " should be prevented " and that after its prenatal removal , " both the male and the female " should humanely be rendered incapable ofbearing another . " I now declare this commission dissolved . Savages ! They are savages ! Jabbing needles into my pregnant wife . I 've done that too , dear , and worse . Taylor thought we were savages at first . Did they make you tell them about Taylor too ? They made me tell them everyt hing , Cornelius . - Brutes . - Shall I tell you something ? I 'm glad I did . We can 't live with lies . After this , I doubt we shall be allowed to live at all . Do you mean that ? Ohh ... How long ? A week . Maybe sooner . They treated you like dirt . - Ma 'am , sir . Chow time . I 'm not hungry . Well , maybe somebody else is who can 't talk yet . Oh , come on , ma 'am . It 's pure vitamin C. You better drink the soup and eat the oranges - for that little monkey .. - Grr ! What have you done , Cornelius ? Nobody makes a fool out ofmy wife . We just ought to leave . I 'll be going back with Dr. Hasslein soon . I have to tell them . - You 've got to come help me . - I 'll come right away . Itjust seems so cruel and horrible and .. I don 't know . I 'll see you . - Cruel , Dr. Dixon ? - Unbelievably . Zira wants her baby . - So do I . - But dead . - Yes . - You 'd prefer the parents dead too . Shall we go ? Gate four.Just a minute , sir . I 'll take a look . No , sir . The lieutenant hasn 't checked in yet . - Good night , Charlie . - Night , Ed . Yes , sir . I 'll give him that message . " Contact the motor pool . " As soon as I see him . - Gate four . Oh , yes , Captain . The supply truck isn 't due until 0600 hours . - Well , I 'm sorry , sir . - Good night , Charlie . I said , " good night . " We can 't contact them until then . Well , the depot 's closed , sir . Okay , sir . I 'll be off duty , but the relief comes on at 0430 hours . I 'll have him pass the message . Yes , sir . Zira , what 's the matter ? I ... I think my pains have begun . Oh , my dear . Administration , Doctor . It 's urgent . - What happened ? - The apes killed their orderly . - Where are they ? - On the run . Now they 've killed . For that , they must be killed . It has to be done before we start a stone rolling that 'll gather enough poison moss to kill us all ! Look . I 'll go back to camp . - I 'll find Lewis and get help . - No . No . I just lost my temper with the boy . - It 's better now . I can walk . - Listen to me . They may punish us for what we did , but at least the baby will be born . - Were they armed ? - No , I don 't believe so . Then there 's no need for a shooting match . Not strictly speaking . I am speaking strictly , Hasslein . Science regards these apes as unique . People regard them as practically human . The killers of today could become the mass murderers of tomorrow . I can think ofno one better equipped emotionally to persuade the people of that possibility , but , in a democracy , we do not shoot unarmed suspects on sight for a murder in which their participation is still legally unproven . I want them taken , yes , but taken alive . Is that clear ? Quite clear , Mr. President . You lost , miss ? Oh , it 's you , Dr. Branton . Be careful . There 's been a murder . - Murder ? - The monkeys have killed their orderly and escaped . What ? I don 't believe it . How did it happen ? All I know is they 've killed their orderly , And I 've been given orders to find them . Drive carefully . There will be a lot ofvehicles in the area . Cornelius , what have you done ? I didn 't mean to kill him . He was teasing Zira . I hit him with a tray . - Please believe me . - I do , Cornelius , but they won 't . - Where 's Zira ? - She 's back there . She 's hiding in the bushes . Stevie ... she 's in labor . Oh , God . Get in . Stevie , you won 't take us back to the camp ? Get down . I have a better idea . Now , wait a second . Just a moment . Let me get this straight . You are asking me to risk imprisonment for the sake of two fugitive apes ? The answer is a thousand times ... yes . Oh , yes . I do it for you and for Stevie and for your two distinguished friends . - Uh , notorious now . - The hell with notoriety . What is a husband expected to do ? Stand by and see his wife insulted ? Aren 't we rude enough to each other without having to be rude to animals ? Anyway , he didn 't mean to kill the boy . Los trato bien , muchachos ? Si , patron . Salud ! I sure appreciate what you 're doing . You helped deliver our last baby . Now you will deliver our next . Lewis ! What took you so long ? I had to make some excuse . They think I 'm searching . - Armando 's been a saint . - Saint Francis would have fixed it better . - Never . - Say hello to Heloise and your goddaughter Salome . - Hello , Salome . - The first chimp ever born in a circus . Los Angeles has had four . Los Angeles isn 't a circus . It 's a zoo . So New Yorkers say . Lewis is here . Lewis , I was not responsible for the death .. I know , but you will be responsible for a birth . How is she ? The pains are coming every five minutes . Every four . - Look . Look at Heloise . She 's showing an expectant mother what to expect . Say it . Mama . - Mama . - Zira . Zira , don 't waste your breath . You know the child of two primitive apes will never learn how to speak . I 'm getting into practice . There . That 's good . Come on . Over here . What are we going to call ... - Him . - him ? Milo ? Milo . Milo . - Milo . - Congratulations . Oh . - No ? - No . - But , sir .. - Captain , I 'm aware that you 've canvassed the areas we first established . Evidently , we were wrong because you haven 't found them ! Thank you . Dr. Dixon , can you pinpoint the probable date of the baby 's birth with any degree of accuracy ? Well , I never examined her , but from appearances I 'd say a week to 1 0 days . If that 's close , she can 't have gone far . - Where do apes go ? - To other apes . Of course . Captain , I want you to start an immediate search ofevery menagerie , zoo , and circus . I 'll augment your force with the city police , and I want to be kept informed about all results . - Yes , sir . - Lewis will think ofsomething . - I am so sorry . I had planned it so well . In one month , we move on to our winter quarters in Florida . I could have released you in the Everglades . You might have lived happily ever af ter . But now ... what can I do ? You have done enough to make us grateful forever . I did it because I like chimpanzees best of all apes , and you , the best of all chimpanzees . I did it because I hate those who try to alter destiny which is the unalterable will ofGod . Ifit is man 's destiny one day to be dominated , let him be dominated by you . All I can now do to help you is give you this for the baby . It 's a medal of Saint Francis of assisi . - Who is he ? - He was a holy man who loved and cared for animals . - Yes . - Oh , thank you . We 'll hang it around the baby 's neck for protection , huh ? - Thank you . - Yes . And now , my dear , dear friends , before the police come and the audience gathers , you and your pretty baby must go . Lewis is on his way . - Armando . - Yes ? I should like to say good-bye to Heloise first . Ifshe could speak , she 'd say she 's sorry . I know , but we understand each other . All right . All right . This is as far as we dare to take you . The police have roadblocks on every main exit . - Here are your supplies . - Thank you . Can you read a map ? I 'm an archaeologist . I can even draw one . We 're at the city limits at the southern edge of this oil field . Over this hill , you 'll pass through more oil wells , an abandoned refinery , and you 'll be looking down at a harbor . It 's a graveyard for old ships . I played there as a kid . There 's a derelict tanker at one end . - You can hide there for a week . - A week ? Until the commotion dies down and we can smuggle you back to the circus . Then you can travel with them to Florida , found a colony in the Everglades , and live happily ever after . It 's time that you were moving on . - Lewis . - Yes ? If they find us , we shall be killed ? Ultimately . Then , uh ... give us the opportunity to kill ourselves if that moment should come . Please . I shouldn 't do this , but I guessed you might ask . You 're the second human I 've kissed . And you are the first . Come along , Zira . Now , don 't dawdle . The ape with the kid ? She 's been with the circus seven years now . The baby 's birth was registered 1 6 days ago . Look how he 's growing . The first chimpanzee ever to be born in a circus ! Do you realize what a distinction that is ? It 's like being the first fish born on land . - Nothing . - It 's like being the first bird born without an egg , the first baby born on the moon . It 's like being .. Negative ! Negative ! Negative ! We 'll catch them sooner or later . Later we 'll do something about pollution . Later we 'll do something about the population explosion . Later we 'll do something about nuclear war . We think we 've got all the time in the world ! How much time has the world got ? Somebody has to begin to care . Ah ! Like stars in space . Isn 't it beautiful ? Yes , it is ... from here . Well ... ha ha ha ! We must move on . - Who found it ? - The field superintendent . Routine service check . It was hidden in the workings . - She didn 't need this anymore . - Why don 't we get moving ? - We 've called in for helicopters . - How long till they get here ? 20 minutes . They 're running down a fire report in the Simi Valley . - Keep me posted . - Yes , sir . - What 's the matter ? - They found Zira 's suitcase . Did Lewis really play here ? It was probably cleaner then . It stinks ... ofman . Oh , no , no , no . That 's oil and dead fish . Is that what man wanted oil for .. to kill fish ? You don 't like them very much , do you ? - Who ? - Humans . We 've met hundreds since we 've been here , and I trust ... three . He wants feeding . Oh , yes , well , um ... there must be someplace cleaner than this . I 'll look around . Zira : Cornelius ? Cornelius ? I see you 've had your baby , Zira . The Presidential Commission has empowered me to take it in my care . Give it to me . Cornelius ! Spread your men out along the pier ! All right , men ! Move out ! - Get them down there ! - Move ! Move ! Go ! Down to the end ! All right ! Let 's go ! Stevie . Zira . I want that baby . If you won 't give it to me , I 'll shoot . My God ! Stop him ! Aah ! - No ! Keep your men here ! Come on ! Zira ! What 's she doing ? Oh , my God . Armando : All hands on the guy lines . Drop the bale ring ! All extra hands in the back yard . Come on ! Let 's go ! When you get that canvas packed , I want every hand on the menagerie tent . Intelligent creature . But then , so were your mother and father .
