 I 've always been attracted to the science one calls occult . It has for me the colour of legend . Geomancy ... is no doubt one of the oldest and most secret techniques of analysis and divination . It was born , a few thousand years ago , around the Mediterranean basin . It is linked to the work of astrologers and alchemists . I 'll try to show you how the system works . The consultant has on the ground or on a sheet of paper sixteen lines grouped four by four . After meditation and reflection on the subject in question , without counting and by chance ... according to what one calls chance , the consultant introduces a certain number of points , of his choice by hand . The Suns of Easter Island Written , directed and produced by Pierre Kast Then , on each line , joining the points in pairs he determines whether the line has an odd or even number of points . He then obtains four times a quaternary combination of lines odd or even . We call each combination a figure . There are arithmetically sixteen possible figures . Each of these figures has its name , its properties , its correspondence , astrological , alchemical , zodiacal or planetary and its hidden meaning . The consultant then prepares according to the oldest tradition , a grid called the geomantic shield . This shield firstly organizes the 12 classic houses of traditional astrology . Then , three more houses : The left witness , signifying the future , the right witness analyzing the past , and the judge which gives the determinative synthesis of the question . So this is a mathematical and astrological approach to all the data and unknown factors that we call , for want of a better term , chance . In the present case , I asked a question about communicating information on the mysteries we have experienced . The answer I get , i.e. the place of certain figures in the houses of the question . Then the figure I get from the judge . This gives me a firm and clear response . Fortuna Major . Good . I can tell you . Perhaps it 's even necessary . I believe myself descended from a long line of magicians , alchemists and astrologers . I chose to study solar energy . I seek an energy source that is not based on the plundering of the earth and won 't stain its surroundings but also a reflection on the work of my ancestors . Across the centuries , science has given a hand to the alchemists ' dreams . The absolute fire of the alchemists ! I don 't like people to be up in the clouds . Action is the thing . You do one thing and that 's that . Me , I need to lyricism and madness . If the world is in this state it 's because people lack them . Here , I 'll show you something . You make this jail work but you don 't know everything . You 'll see how it all began . It 's only 5 km from here , in the fort of Mont-Louis where it all started . The right to dream is as important as the right to bread . Here has begun a fantastic dream : To harness the sun 's energy . In this building , which was and is still a barracks a man of intuition and delirium built here with bits of string the beginnings of what is today our building . Here ! This is a feast of reason . I find beautiful that which is most modern in today 's technology is being installed in a fort of Vauban which once held the most modern technology of Louis XIV . Look ! It 's Jules Verne ! Or Méliès ! There 's nothing more advanced . Seizing the energy of the Sun ... And managing to confine it . Hop ! As in a bottle . Each has a small solar motor . Without stealing from anyone , or polluting anyone . Do you see ? The end of technology . the end of capitalism , or almost . Did you burn yourself ? No , I thought so , but it 's nothing . But later , I 'll remember this tiny burning as a point of departure . That same night , at the end of a long spell of research , a strange stream of images , with no logical connection , came over me for the first time . Emerging from this trance , I regained my senses and I saw on my skin what I at first took to be an object . A kind of shell plate that I thought was placed on my hand . However , I had to face the facts : it was part of me . It was as insensitive as a nail . Impossible to remove . No pain , neither at the centre nor round the edge . No inflammation . If it was the crust of a scar , it was surely an interior scar which had caused it . Before , none of us had ever heard of each other . The few people involved in this adventure were like a pack of cards which contained three billion . Even today I couldn 't say why , among the billions of units , one card was chosen over another . In any case , it was so . Central Brazil , Minas Gerais . A church at Congonhas do Campo . Characteristic of the Baroque style . No one could ever understand the selection , the layout , and significance of the statues of the twelve prophets that adorn the terrace . These statues are the work of a strange character : Aleijadinho . Alchemist perhaps , enlightened , infirm , tying his sculptor 's chisel to his stumps . He covered the state of Minas Gerais with his Baroque statues . Norma , both student and teacher at the Institute of Astronomy in Rio had been fascinated since childhood by the statues of Aleijadinho . The statues talk ... Say something . Norma has thus spent part of her short life searching for the hidden message . I still don 't understand what you are looking for . I believe the disorder of the statues ... hides a secret order . Many people have thought that . That 's no reason to give up . Why do you believe you 'll succeed where everyone else has failed ? Firstly , one of ancestors made the statues . Secondly , the statues are hiding something . 200 years ago , we burned an alchemist who thought the same thing . Aleijadinho was a sorcerer . I believe that too . In the sacristy , I have a box full of his drawings . Could you show me ? As a rule , no ... Too bad . Everything indicates that it is a star chart . I always thought that ; but I don 't see the relation to the statues . By studying the papers given her by the curate Norma felt she was burning . She felt that she could now define a kind of zone where the hidden message should be . She clearly understood that it all signified words but still couldn 't understand , let alone translate them . Photographing statues from all angles scrutinizing the details of faces and the gestures that pointed to the sky measuring the changing shadows on the square to create an equation , she persisted in wanting to decrypt the coded message . Whether from the use of grass or the resolution of an inner tension , she didn 't know . But she received , as me , a first set of hallucinations . Others would follow soon . And after a long , restless night , she had appear , like me , in the palm of her hand this spot , this mark , painless , which seemed foreign and yet , she felt , was part of her body . She was at first perplexed ... then the mark became as natural an accident of the skin , as a birthmark . In fact , it would mark a second birth but we didn 't know it yet . Arica . Atacama Desert . North of Chile . Alexandra , second daughter , fourth child of a Scottish family settled here for 150 years . Horse breeder first . Alexandra is a centaur but she also had without really knowing , the gifts of a medium . There are in the desert , on the hills , huge inscriptions , predating the Incas . No one could ever explain the purpose of these hieroglyphs , who made them or why . Horse Breeders but also olive growers , the family was interested in mines , industries and more . So one makes fortunes . Alexandra didn 't care but it wasn 't so easy . These disputes were put aside for the occasion of her birthday party . Where are we going ? - I 'll show you your present . - You got me a present ? What would you think of me if I hadn 't ? The same . How marvelous ! That day , seen from the sky , the inscriptions spoke even louder . Alexandra switched to autopilot in order to see them better . Perhaps to hear , too . Which caused her to literally blow a fuse . Control tower Arica , control tower Arica , come in . Switching off autopilot , going to manual . Request authorization to land . This is control tower Arica . Are you alright , Sandra ? I feel a little sick , but I 'm fine . Permission to land ... Permission to land ... She is clear to land . Positive , permission granted . I 'll send the mechanics to get you . What are you doing ? I 'm looking at my grandfather 's drawings . Happy birthday . What ? A gift for your old sister ! Marvelous ! An enormous sun ! She followed , intermittently at Valparaiso , a treatment which had , without curing her , made her fall in love with the analyst . As it was mutual , it was a good treatment . It 's Alain , Alain . On the phone . - Alain ? - Yes ? Listen , I 've something really strange to tell you . - Is it urgent ? - Yes , it 's urgent . Well , you can come . At the same time , 10,000 miles away , on the other side of the Pacific , Françoise returned to her starting point after a campaign of six months in the South Seas . Ethnologist , responsible for missions for various scientific organizations , she left Papeete , in Tahiti , to travel the Polynesian archipelago aboard a ketch piloted by a former faculty colleague , who made the charter . It was her first major trip . Minutes of my campaign , Spring 71 in Polynesia . At first glance , what struck me most in Polynesia is the almost complete disappearance of all the original religions . It really shook me up . Unknown now the purpose of the temples , of the buildings . And even ... the names of gods . The inhabitants of these wealthy islands have probably never known the hard necessities of the struggle for life . I find them beautiful , exquisite . I loved them . I think they loved me too . But when I left these beautiful islands , with the meagre results I 'd obtained I couldn 't help feeling a strange presentiment of death . Death of a culture , death of a tradition . In this vast zone of the South Pacific where for centuries had existed a strong and powerful culture , all had gone . This is because these people , peaceful and nonchalant , had never known or used writing . Only the inhabitants of Easter Island used writing . Moreover , that too is one of the mysteries of Easter Island . Helvio , professor of entomology at the University of Valparaiso was doubly specialized . His research revolved around the methods used by certain insects , sometimes aquatic to house their offspring within the living bodies of other species to feed on , until they hatch . And secondly he also traveled exclusively tens of kilometers in an area of lakes and mountains in central Chile . In a way , he had one specialization more : he was married , monogamous and faithful . Much to the chagrin of his students . He was also on the verge a great discovery . Silvia ! Silvia ! Look ... I see nothing . But look closely . The true problem is that ... These eggs never live more than 4 months in this region . What 's the problem ? The problem is , it takes at least one year for the egg to reach maturity . Then it 'll live in the corpse ? No , because it would still die . I think the egg is able to attract to itself All that lives . It knows how to jump into another creature . It does . The other carries now a kind of tumor . The egg jumps ... like a rider changing horses . What is it ? You got stung ? No ... It 's nothing . Helvio was evidently the one amongst us who was the most rooted in scientific method . He devoted himself to an investigation as complete as possible . To arrive at the same result . This mark , despite its appearance , wasn 't a foreign object . It came from the body which had secreted or manufactured it . And at the same time , it wasn 't a natural thing . A contradiction which appeared instantly in the visions which appeared to him at about the same time . Macumba , is the popular name given to the old , black , African religions which arrived in Brazil with the slaves . And which have been kept intact to the present . A Tenda , is a church or a parish . There are 30,000 in Rio de Janeiro . Most established in working class areas . During the ceremonies , gods appear , take hold of the mediums and come down into their people . In a tenda , in a working class district of Rio , Irenio officiates , son of the god Ogun . He uses the evening ceremonies to receive the gods and have them talk through his mouth . This evening , the order of things was upset . To the surprise of Irenio 's wife Marlene and Dona Rosa , a lady of the parish . I remember nothing . Ogun came as usual . I don 't know ... A moment later , Ogun was gone and another god has come in his place . No , not in his place . But someone or something was trying to get in contact with me . I wasn 't prepared for it . I didn 't know who it was . Irenio was used to contacts with the gods . They spoke to him . He felt that this time someone wanted something from him . but he didn 't know what ... He didn 't know who . Marlene as Irenio live on equal terms with what is for us and our naiveté , the supernatural . What have you here ? The mark which appeared on the hand of Irenio caused no surprise . She already knew . It 's rather as a precaution that she consults her gods . Oxala 's answer is clear . Whenever Alexandra came to Valparaiso to visit Alain , she took more care than is normal for a consultation with an analyst . Alain , a young Frenchman in Chile had been seduced by the ideas of Wilhelm Reich . He was trying to forget his origins . He no longer believed in classical analysis with couches where wealthy clients stretch out to tell their problems . He follows with passion the work of popular clinical analysis . Alexandra came here regularly to revive herself with a naiveté too calculated and too careful . He believed it fun . In truth , he was delighted . A moment , I 'm coming . So , are you starting to believe me ? Anyway , even if you aren 't telling the truth , I 'd find important your vivid imagination . You have a lot of imagination . And this ? Is this my imagination ? But what is it ? You 're not going to tell me it 's serious ? Medically , no . But psychologically , that ... it 's curious . Why ? Classic . Classic , like stories of stigmata that happen only to mystics . Well ? I didn 't know you were particularly mystical . My dear psychoanalyst , let me tell you one thing : Firstly you despise me because I 'm a woman Secondly , you think that my social class is finished . Regarding the second point , I agree . My class perhaps , but not me . We 're not necessarily like people in our class . It 's you who say this but it 's far from proven . In that case I wonder what I 'm doing here . You know for some time , I 've had moments of pure telepathy . Shall I continue ? Right now you 're thinking of your sister 's letter in your jacket pocket . D 'you often play this little game ? You see , I can stop it dead . Have you done that long ? Yes , for some time I can move small objects at a distance . Sometimes it works and sometimes I go ages without being able to . Back in Rio , Norma was still receiving messages whose code always escaped her . She suddenly decided to submit all her calculations to the institute . It 's just an hypothesis ... that these drawings represent a celestial configuration . - Where are these documents from ? - From two different sources . From calculations I made , but also from ancient drawings by Aleijadinho . Why do you think there 's a relationship with the relative positions of the stars ? Intuition . You 're right . This is a map of the sky . This configuration is only visible from a particular place , and I have some details : This phenomenon occurs every 5 centuries and will next occur on May 23 . Where could one see it ? It 's very simple . Everything that happens in the sky corresponds to a specific point on the Earth at any given time . You already have the date . Here is the place . 27 degrees 8 minutes 24 seconds latitude South , by 110 degrees 45 minutes 50 seconds longitude East . I 'm not very good at geography . What location is that ? Come look at the map . It 's in the middle of the Pacific , where there is nothing . It 's right here . Here ... Exactly at the coordinates of Easter island . I 'm leaving right away . Departure , emergency , vital necessity . The company LAN-Chile announces the departure of flight 171 for Buenos Aires and Santiago , Chile . Due to poor weather over the Indian Ocean , UTA regrets to announce the delayed departure of flight 077 to Paris . Additional information will be given later . Attention last news . LAN-Chile Flight 171 to Easter Island , Santiago , Chile , Buenos Aires , Rio , Madrid and Paris : imminent departure . Miss , I have a ticket to Paris on UTA . I wonder if I could change it and take LAN-Chile via Easter Island . Ladies and gentlemen , in a few minutes , we will land at Hanga Roa on Easter Island . Please fasten your seat belts and do not to smoke during landing . Our stopover will be 1 hour and 45 minutes . Thank you . Santiago : the first step towards the island . The turns of fate are unpredictable . There were three of us on the same plane . Yet no special intuition drew us to each other . Each knowing only of their mark , they thought only of their own adventure . Norma like us , wondered what she was doing there . Her idea , first of all , was to go to the University of Valparaiso , to see , wait . And at her side , Silvia , the wife of Helvio , had covered the whole airport looking for a lost suitcase .. Thus had crossed , disproving Euclid , two parallels which should never meet . Excuse me , can I help you ? Thank you , I feel a bit lost . - Where are you from ? - I 'm Brazilian . I 'm going to Valparaiso University . I 'm just going there with my husband . He 's a professor at the university . - I could take you . - Thank you . - Have you found the suitcase ? - Right here . Thank you . Let me introduce my new Brazilian friend ; who 's a bit lost . Nice to meet you . She 's also on her way to the university . - We can take her there . - Yes of course , a pleasure . Thank you . The plane that brought Françoise from Tahiti and Easter Island where an irresistible anxiety had prevented her from setting foot on land , arrived at Santiago about at the same time . What are you doing ? I 'm going to Easter Island . Helvio had resumed his work in the museum at the university . His work but not his balance ... I 've already a client . - Already a client ? - Yes . Who ? A French physicist , sent with the highest recommendations . I was forced to give him everything . Put aside for me all the papers when he 's finished with them . Are you interested in the island ? I might be going there . It appeared at the same time as the hallucinations . Now that they 've stopped , perhaps it will disappear . These hallucinations ... Have they come back ? No I 've an impression that the phone line 's been cut . That 's exactly the case with Alexandra . For her too the hallucinations have stopped abruptly . What makes you class both us patients in the same category ? I must warn you right away that I 've no taste for classification . To name a thing , label it is to neither understand nor define it . Yes , the map isn 't the land ... I 'd love you to meet Alexandra . I don 't think that would be particularly useful . For what reason ? Valparaiso ... There are names of towns like this , that for children , belong to a kind of magical universe . Samarkand , Ultima Thule ... Timbuktu . Borobudur ! Well , we 'll go and see your Alexandra . I knew you 'd arrive . And you also know what brings me ? - Or should I tell you ? - Of course not . I already know what 's in the palm of your hand . But show it me . It 'd be thrilling to see it . - So you work here ? - This is my den The base cell of the new analysis . Alexandra will join us soon . Very entertaining . I have great sympathy for what you do , Alain . - But ... - But ? History has moved on since Wilhelm Reich . As for morals , the revolution is already over . It has eroded the taboos ... Those of religion like those of different moralities . Strangely at 50 , I 'm becoming an optimist . If we can forget the strength and will power of the ruling class , order , money , the police . And let the hippies sing , like Mazarin let the frondeurs . Of course , on the water 's surface a small wind of freedom ... I think the shock will come from contact with other civilizations . We 'll see then perhaps , that man is only a dirty , backward beast . Physicists say that it 's not matter that is alive but a certain structure . At a stretch one could imagine a living sun . I am a lion and Sun . And you ? - You 're a Capricorn . - Yes . Capricorn in the ascendancy . Saturn-Mercury . A trine Pluto . You find that really scientific ? I 'm well placed to tell you that nothing is truly scientific . What is your geomancy ? How do you know I 'm interested in geomancy ? I just read your mind . But I really don 't know what it is . You 've only to read my mind . It 's not that simple . I can 't read minds as one reads the words of a book . Thoughts aren 't printed on tiny , little pages locked in your brain . So I have to do my little witchcraft number ? You don 't need to explain , I 've already understood . What 's so boring with your telepathy is that you rarely let your audience to finish their sentence . Where are you going ? Where are you going ? From now on , our home is yours . Here , an apple ! I come to the same conclusion as you : The solution can be found only on the island . Not easy to make a tour of the island 's mysteries . No testimony , no historical sources ... Yet there must be a rational explanation for the presence of the statues . There 's surely an explanation ... but I don 't see why it should be rational . Come on now kids , if you really want to go we must get busy with the luggage and the boat .. We had initially met two by two believing it was fated . Suddenly we were four . But we keep a sense of lack , of incompleteness . We thought of accelerating our departure , of going by air . We would soon give that up ... In the airline office , something happened . We were suddenly confronted by the obvious : in a manner still obscure , we knew one phase of the adventure would end . Are you coming ? We 'd like to know how to book two tickets to Easter Island . 'Travel To Easter Island Not yet entirely clearly , scattered fragments were joining , completing themselves . They 're coming . The figure we 're forming is what I saw in the desert : a perfect hexagon . For 300 years , each generation of my family has produced at least 1 sorcerer . So I 'm used to this kind of thing . But here we are dealing with a phenomenon that can 't be identified by our usual means of knowledge , including sorcery . I 'm convinced that the partial vision of each of you is an element for a more general knowledge . For a long time , I 've had the same vague impression . A bit like ... each of us has brought a brick for a communal building . Mine is ... that I know the island . Maybe someone ... or something , has fixed this cosmic appointment ... Using this kind of sign as a means of notifying us . Listen ... It seems to me that we 're in possession of a power that we aren 't even aware of : the gift of tongues , the Pentecost . Each of us speaks their language and all the others understand . It seems so natural that no one has even noticed the difference . Perhaps we have other hidden gifts ... Ladies and gentlemen , we are approaching Easter Island . You are part of a group ? In a way yes and yet no . All France 's friends know that that is a Normandy reply There is a kind of coincidence , convergence if you will . We realized that our research is complete . Since our meeting , everything had united us . But after our arrival , a converse , unexpected movement drew us apart . Everyone went off to explore the island . For a joke you could say the island has 1,200 inhabitants , 600 statues , 200 Chilean officials , 4,200 wild horses , 10,000 sheep and 100,000 lobsters . A stone lost in the Pacific . 4,000 km from Chile ... 5,000 km from Tahiti . All around , the ocean , and nothing else . The people of the statues were thrown to the ground by an unknown catastrophe . The temples remain in chaos . The red rock hats of the statues have rolled to the ground or into the sea . Sometimes from a pile of rocks emerges a sign . Magic , ritual . The stones fall from time as meteors fall from the sky . A mystery ... of a more solid nature . About 200 statues still under construction as if the work had just stopped . They are found in all stages of construction . Some ready for delivery . But this delivery is also inexplicable . These giant blocks , weighing tons , and no way of knowing how they were made , or how they were transported . By the sea ? By a natural port , broken statues , forgotten up stream , make one think of a gigantic truck tipping its load . On the ground ? Along a cleared route , the statues seem fallen from an invisible support . And are sometimes broken by this fall . In my opinion , no one will pierce the mysteries . Except maybe by a trip back in time . A crowd of unknown gods surround us . We cannot even name them . Who ? Why ? How ? Not even a date . No timeline . One understands only that successive waves of people and gods have built these banks . Then , slowly , we came back towards each other following first the natural slopes of our hearts . Everyone scatters and finds each other . I find you . Me , I looked for you ! It 's much better . It 's the same . There must be oral traditions . Almost every family has a private cave with idols . Engraved plates . There are some who pretend but nobody knows how to read them . Nobody knows what the original language was . Everyone lies . As the further we go ... the mystery deepens . It 's now five years since I 've lived here . Without missing a single day ... And yet I know nothing . I know nothing . All I can do is draw up a list of questions . - Are they afraid of us ? - Afraid , probably not . They 're intimidated . It 's strange , Sometimes , I feel they know more than me , that they know something I 'll never know . - It 's new ? - Not really . It is said that becoming an adult they forget all they knew as a child . That 's not peculiar to Easter Island . We 're the only two who have followed an education based on reason , the rational , the reasonable . - We should take stock . - Listen , let me catch my breath . It 's odd , I thought you were a sorcerer . Right now I 'd rather be a French sorcerer . Little Frenchman , little wizard . No . The reality is that I 'm afraid . I want to understand . I 'm also afraid . But reason tells me that I must forget the rational . Oh ! Good news for ethnography . Since we 're here , let 's enjoy it . Let 's cross the Rubicon . - Come on , Jump ! Caesar ! - Watch out ! We were in this state of uncertainty when a short , funereal and indecipherable message reached us . There 's not much room for interpretation about the message we received . Have you any ideas ? Unfortunately , only one . Everything revolves around death . From what I understand , it 's rather death and rebirth . Well ? Death , in any case . The problem is that to be reborn , one must first die . I 'm not sure that I want to take the risk . But this world of death is the source of all our myths . Me ... I see it above all as the origin of all our fears . Maybe ... But your refusal risks putting everything in question . Of spoiling everything . I know . Alas ! To break these anxieties , this fear no doubt , we decided to go further still in exploring the island . Yet we 're only two days from the cosmic appointment .. I no longer feel anything particular . Irenio , perhaps ... Irenio ! The same thing as you ... Death and transformation . If we have something new to discover , it 's at the other end of the island . Come on ! I can 't do a thing . He 's completely panicked . We must leave the horses , and do the rest on foot . The cave ... An old dream , an old myth . Perhaps one of the oldest collective memories of mankind . We descended as in an old , adventure novel into the bowels of the earth . Our eyes became accustomed . We made out , vaguely , a shadow . She talked to us in pascuan . As at the Round Table , our places awaited . And as we sat , we knew we had to go a step further . It would be our thoughts now that would make direct contact . The Shadow then wouldn 't provide us rational explanations . Only a heavy and dense block of emotions , sensations , impressions and feelings . There would be no answer to the riddle . Every 500 years for thousands of years produced a sidereal conjunction which allowed beings from outer space to attempt contact with people on Earth . Since the dawn of time , they were taken for gods . Their image handed down through successive generations , altered , changed But there always arose the newly chosen , new initiates . The contact had never yet been broken . The island was the only possible point of contact . The statues were perhaps beacons in time as there are in space or on the sea . markers , mooring buoys , I don 't know exactly . The time of the rendezvous approached . We were another chance given to mankind . If we missed it , that would be it for five centuries . Or if the beings were discouraged , for ever . For the Shadow , come from the depths of time it was crucial . She was at the end of her force , awaiting this new encounter , which would be her last . If the contact was missed , she wouldn 't survive . And who knows how she would find someone else to pass the baton to . We six formed a kind of new entity as if the scattered pieces had been for reasons unknown to us , reunited to foster communication . Alain had felt he was outside our group a function with unknown contours . An exciting role that could become dangerous or frightful , according to the manner of the encounter that was only too immanent . We felt we had to start by discovering a hidden ritual , climbing the steps which led to an invisible sanctuary . So the Suns came , from the depth of space and time . For the first time since they 'd visited our planet had they been able take a quick look at that which was the soul of Man and of the Earth ? They 'd seen enough to flee , to postpone the construction of this fragile bridge that they wanted to build between them and Man . But the Shadow , the faithful guardian , The Prometheus who wanted to give to Man , the light of the Suns , she had lived for hundreds , perhaps thousands of years . That would be Alain 's game . If he could , if he wanted . Something ... Someone ... We had been pulled from sleep , possibly death . Each first pondered to themselves . We were custodians of a secret of which we knew almost nothing and yet now our function would be to transmit it . Even if the Earth itself wasn 't cured of the convulsions of its will to power , the wager had been taken up . Mankind must find themselves at the new rendezvous . In five centuries ... if still here . And that without doubt would depend on us . It 's of that , that we must bear witness . So we set off , going back to mankind . Alain assumed the task of guardian ... For years ... for centuries ... For millennia I don 't know . When the human race makes me discouraged , I imagine Alexandra reconciled with her family and surroundings , caring for her horses as if nothing had happened . But at other times I feel more optimistic and I tell myself that she could renounce her privilege . Leave everything for a life uncertain , wandering and new . But then ... How could one know . The End Subtitles : Corvusalbus , Anthrapoid , Limbo ,
