 that is Pete , Georgie and Dim . And we sat in the Korova Milk Bar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening . The Korova Milk Bar sold milk plus ... milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom which is what we were drinking . This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old Ultra-Violence . In Dublin 's fair city Where the girls are so pretty I first set my eyes on sweet Molly Malone As she wheeled her wheelbarrow Through streets broad and narrow Crying Cockles and Mussels Alive One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy dirty old drunky howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going Blerp Blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts . I could never stand to see anyone like that whatever his age might be . But more especially when he was real old like this one was . Can you spare some cutter me brothers ? Oh , go on do me in ya bastard cowards . I don 't want to live anyway not in a stinking world like this . Oh ? And what 's so stinking about it ? It 's a stinking world ' cause there 's no law and order any more . It 's a stinking world because it lets the young get on to the old like you 've done . Oh , it 's no world for an old man any longer . What kind of a world is it at all ? Men on the moon and men spinning around the earth and there 's not no attention paid to earthly law and order no more . Oh dear dear land I fought for thee It was around by the derelict casino that we came across Billy Boy and his four droogs . They were getting ready to perform a little of the old in-out , in-out on a weepy young devotchka they had there . Ho Ho Ho if it isn 't fat stinking Billy Goat Billy Boy in poison . How are thou , thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip-oil . Come and get one in the yarbles , if you have any yarbles you unic jelly thou . Lets get ' em boys . The Durango 95 purred away real horrorshow . A nice warm vibratey feeling all through your guttiwuts . Soon it was trees and dark , my brothers , with real country dark . We fillied around for a while with other travelers of the night , playing hogs of the road . Then we headed west . What we were after now was the old surprise visit . That was a real kick and good for laughs and lashing of the old Ultra-Violent . Who on earth could that be ? I 'll go and see . Yes , who is it ? Excuse me misses can you please help ? There 's been a terrible accident . My friend 's in the middle of the road bleeding to death . Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance ? I 'm sorry , but we don 't have a telephone . You 'll have to go somewhere else . But misses it 's a matter of life and death . Who is it dear ? There 's a young man here he says there 's been an accident . He wants to use the telephone . Well I suppose you 'd better let him in . Well , wait a minute will you ? I 'm sorry but we don 't usually let strangers in the middle of ... Right , Pete check the rest of the house . Dim . I 'm singing in the rain Just singing in the rain What a Glorious feeling , I 'm Happy again I 'm laughing at clouds , so dark up above The sun 's in my heart and I 'm ready for love . Let the stormy clouds chase , everyone from the place Come on with the rain , I 've a smile on my face I 'll walk down the lane , with a happy refrain And I 'm singing , singing in the rain I 'm singing in the rain Just singing in the rain What a Glorious feeling , I 'm Happy again I 'm laughing at clouds , so dark up above The sun 's in my heart and I 'm ready for love . Let the stormy clouds chase , everyone from the place Come on with the rain , I 've a smile on my face I 'll walk down the lane , with a happy refrain And I 'm singing , just singing in the rain Viddy well old brother , Viddy well . We were all feeling a bit shagged and fagged and fashed , it having been an evening of some small energy expenditure , O my brothers . So we got rid of the auto and stopped off at the old Korova for a nightcap . Hello Lucy . Had a busy night ? We 've been working hard too . Pardon me Luse . There was some sophistos from the T.V. Studios around the corner . Laughing and govoreeting the Devotchka was smecking away and not caring about the wicked world one bit . Then the disk on the stereo twanged off and out and in the short silence before the next one came on she suddenly came with a burst of singing . And it was like for a moment , O my brothers , some great bird had flown into the milk bar and I felt all the malenky little hairs on my plott standing endwise and the shivers crawling up like slow malenky lizards and then down again . Because I knew what she sang . It was a bit from the glorious 9th , by Ludwig Van . - What did you do that for ? - For being a bastard with no manners . Without a dook of an idea about how to comport yourself public-wise , O my brother . I don 't like you should do what you done and I 'm not your brother no more and wouldn 't want to be . Watch that . Do watch that O Dim , if to continue to be on live thou dost wish . Yarbles , great bouncy yarblockos to you I 'll meet you with chain , or nudge , or britva , any time , I 'm not have you aiming tolchoks at me reasonless . It stands to reason , I won 't have it . And I 'll scrap any time you say . Doobidoob . A bit tired may be best not to say more . Bedways is rigthways now , so best we go homeways and get a bit of spatchka . Right , right . Where I lived was with my Dada and Mum in municipal flat block 18-A Linear North . It had been a wonderful evening and what I needed now to give it the perfect ending was a bit of the old Ludwig Van . Oh bliss , bliss and heaven . Oh it was georgeousness and georgeosity made flesh . It was like a bird of rarest spun heaven metal , or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship gravity all nonsense now as I slooshied I knew such lovely pictures . Alex , Alex , Alex , Alex . What do you want ? It 's past eight Alex , you don 't want to be late for school son . Bit of a pain in my gulliver , Mum . Leave us be , and I 'll try and sleep it off . And then I 'll be as right as dodgers for this after . But you 've not been at school all week , son . Got to rest , Mum . Got to get fit , otherwise I 'm liable to miss a lot more school . Here I 'll put your breakfast in the oven . I 've got to be off myself now . Allright , Mum , have a nice day at the factory . - He 's not feeling too good again this morning , Dad . - Yes , yes I heard , - do you know what time he got home last night ? - No I don 't , when I take my sleepers . - I wonder , where exactly is it he goes to work of evenings . - Well , Like he says It 's mostly odd things he does helping like here and there as it might be . - Hi , hi , hi , Mr. Deltoid . Funny surprise seeing you here . - Well Alex boy awake at last yes ? I met your mother on the way to work , yes ? She gave me the key . She said something about a pain somewhere , hence not at school , yes ? A rather intolerable pain in the head , Brother sir . I think it should be clear by this after-lunch . Or certainly by this evening , yes ? The evening is the great time , isn 't it Alex boy ? - Cup of the old chai , Sir ? - No time , no time yes ? - Sit , sit , sit . - To what do I owe this extreme pleasure , Sir ? - Anything wrong , Sir ? - Wrong ? Why should you think of anything being wrong ? - Have you been doing something you shouldn 't , yes ? - Just a manner of speech , sir . Yes , well it 's just a manner of speech from your post corrective advisor to you , that you watch out little Alex . Because next time it 's not going to be the corrective school any more . Next time it 's going to be the Barley place with all my work ruined . If you 've no respect for your horrible self , you at least might have some for me , who sweated over you . A big black mark I tell you for every one we don 't reclaim . A confession of failure for every one of you who ends up in the stripee hole . I 've been doing nothing I shouldn 't , Sir . The millicents have nothing on me , Brother . Sir , I mean . Cut out all this clever talk about milicents . Just because the police haven 't picked you up lately doesn 't as you very well know mean that you haven 't been up to some nastiness . There was a bit of a nastiness last night , yes ? Some very extreme nastiness , yes ? A few of a certain Billy-Boy 's friends were ambluenced off late last night , yes ? Your name was mentioned the words got through to me by the usual channels , certain friends of yours were named also . Oh , nobody can prove anything about anybody as usual but I 'm warning you , Little Alex , being a good friend to you as always , the one man in this sore and sick community who wants to save you from yourself . What gets into you all ? We studied the problem , we 've been studying it for damn well near a century , yes . But we get no farther with all our studies . You 've got a good home here , good loving parents , you 've got not too bad of a brain . - Is it some devil that crawls inside of you ? - Nobody 's got anything on me , Brother , Sir . I 've been out of the rookers of the milicents for a long time now . That 's just worries me , a bit too long to be safe you 're about due now by my reckoning , that 's why I 'm warning you , Little Alex , to keep your handsome young proboscis out of the dirt . - Do I make myself clear ? - As an unmuddied lake sir . As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer . You can rely on me sir . Excuse me brother , I ordered this two weeks ago can you see if its arrived yet , please . - Just a Minute . Pardon me ladies . Enjoying that are you my darling ? A bit cold and pointless isn 't it my lovely . - What 's happened to yours my little sister ? Who you getting bratty ? Goggly Googol ? Johnny Shivago ? The Heaven 17 ? What you got back home little sister to play your fuzzy warbles on ? I bet you 've got little say pitiful portable picnic players . Come with Uncle and hear all proper . Hear angel trumpets and devil trombones . You are invited . - Hi , hi , hi there . - Well Hello . - He are here , he has arrived , hooray . Welly , welly , welly , welly , welly , welly . Well to what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit ? - We got worried , there we were waiting and drinking away at the old knifey Moloko and you had not turned up . And we thought you might have been like offended by something or other so around we come to your abode . - Appy-Polly-Loggies . I had something of a pain in my guliver so I had to sleep . I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening . - Sorry about the pain . Using the guliver to much like maybe . Giving orders and disciplining and such perhaps . You sure the pain is gone ? You sure you might be happier back in bed . Lets get things nice and sparkling clear . This sarcasm , if I might call it such , does not become you , my little Brothers . As I am your droog and leader I 'm entitled to know what goes on eh ? Now then , Dim . What does that great big horsey gape of a grin portend . - All Right , no more picking on Dim , Brother . That 's part of the new way . - New way ? What 's this about a new way ? There 's been some very large talk behind my sleeping back , I know it . Well , if you must have it then have it then . We go around shopcrasting and the like coming out with a pitiful rooker full of money each time . And there 's Will the English at the Muscleman Coffee Mesto saying he can fence anything that any malchik tries to crast . The shiny stuff . The Ice . The big , big , big , moneys available is what Will the English says . And what will you do with the big , big , big , money ? Have you not everything you need ? If you need a motorcar you pluck it from the trees . If you need pretty polly you take it . Brother , you think and talk sometimes like a little child . Tonight we pull a mansize crast . Good . Real Horrorshow . Initiative comes to those that wait . I 've taught you well my little droogies . Now tell me what you had in mind , Georgie Boy . Well , The old Moloko plus first . Would you not say . Something to sharpen us up . But you especially cause we 've got a start . As we walked along the flatblock marina , I was calm on the outside but thinking all the time . So now it was to be Georgie the general saying what we should do and what not to do and Dim as his mindless greedy bulldog . But suddenly I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones and that the oomny ones used like inspiration and what Bog sends . Well now , it was lovely music that came to my aid . There was a window open with the stereo on and I viddied right at once what to do . I had not cut into any of Dim 's main cables and so with the help of a clean kashtook the red , red kroovy soon stopped and it did not take long to quiet the two wounded soldiers down in the snug in the Duke of New York . Now they knew who was master and leader . Sheep , thought I , but a real leader knows , always when like to give and show generous to his unders . Well , now we 're back to where we were , yes ? Just like before and all forgotten ? Right , right ? Right , right ? Right , right ? Right . Well Georgie Boy , this idea of yours , for tonight , tell us all about it thou . Not tonight , not this nochy . Come , come , come Georgie Boy . You 're a big strong chelloveck , like us all . We 're not little children , are we Georgie Boy ? What , then , didst thou in thy mind have ? It 's this health farm , a bit out of the town . Isolated . It 's owned by like this very rich ptitsa that lives there with her cats . The place is shut down for a week and she 's completely on her own . And it 's full up with like gold and silver and like jewels . Tell me more Georgie Boy , tell me more . Oh shit . Who 's there ? Excuse me misses can you please help , there 's been a terrible accident . Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance ? I 'm frightfully sorry , there 's a telephone in the public house about a mile down the road , I suggest you use that . But misses this is an emergency , it 's a matter of life and death . My friend 's lying in the middle of the road , bleeding to death . - I 'm very sorry , but I never open the door to strangers after dark . - Very well , madam . I suppose you can 't be blamed for being suspicious with so many scoundrels and rouges of the night about . I 'll try to get help at the pub then . I 'm Sorry if I disturbed you . Thank you very much . Good night . Dim , bend down . I 'm going to get in that window and open the front door . Hello . Bradford police station . Good evening , it 's Miss Wethers at Woodmeir health farm . Hello , look I 'm frightfully sorry to bother you , but something rather odd has just happened . Well , it 's probably nothing at all , but you never know . Well , a young man rang the bell asking to use the telephone , he said there 's been some kind of an accident . Well , the thing that caught my attention was what he said . The words he used sounded very like what was quoted in the papers this morning in connection with the writer and his wife who were assaulted last night . Just a few minutes ago . Well , if you think that 's necessary , but I 'm quite sure he 's gone away now . All right , fine , thank you very much . Thank you . Yikes ! Hi , hi , hi there . At last we meet . Our brief govereet through the letter-hole was not , shall we say , satisfactory , yes ? Who are you ? How the hell did you get in here ? What the bloody hell do you think you 're doing ? Naughty , naughty , naughty you filthy old soomaka . Now listen here , you little bastard . Just turn around and walk out of here the same way as you came in . Leave that ... hell , no , don 't touch it ! It 's a very important work of art . what the bloody hell do you want ? Well , to be perfectly honest , madam , I 'm taking part in and international student contest to see who can get the most points for selling magazines . Cut the shit , sonny and get out of here , before you get yourself in some very serious trouble . I told you to leave that alone , now get out of here before I throw you out , you wretched slummy bastard , I 'll teach you to break into real peoples houses . Fuckin ' little bastard . - Come on , let 's go . The police are coming . - And for you my droogie . You bastards , I 'm blind you bastards , I can 't see . It 's no good sitting there in hope , my little brothers . I won 't say a single solitary slovo until I have my lawyer here . I know the law , you bastards . Rightey , right , Tom . We 'll have to say to our little friend Alex here that we know the law too , but that knowing the law isn 't everything . Nasty cut you 've got there , little Alex . Shame it spoils all your beauty . Who gave you that then , eh ? How 'd you do that then . What 's your point , you bastard ? That is for your lady victim , you ghastly wretched scoundrel . - Good evening Mr. Deltoid . - Good evening Sergeant . - They 're in room B , sir . - Thank you very much . - Sergeant . Ahh , good evening Mr. Deltoid . - Good evening , inspector . - Would you like your tea now , Sir ? - No thank you , Sergeant . We 'll have it later . - May I have some paper towels , please ? - Yes , Sir . - We 're interrogating the prisoner now . Perhaps you 'd care to come inside . - Thank you very much . Good evening , Sergeant . Good evening all . Oh dear , oh dear . This boy does look a mess , doesn 't he ? Just look at the state of him . Loves young nightmare like . Violence makes violence . He resisted his lawful arresters . Well , this is the end of the line for me , the end of the line , yes . It wasn 't me brother , Sir . Speak up for me , Sir , for I 'm not so bad . I was led on by the treachery of the others , Sir . Sings the roof off lovely , he does that . And where are my stinking treacherous droogs ? Get them before the get away . It was all their idea , brothers . They forced me to do it . I 'm innocent . You are now a murderer , little Alex . A murderer . Not true , Sir . It was only a slight tolchok , she was breathing , I swear it . I 've just come from the hospital , your victim has died . You try to frighten me , admit so , Sir . - This is some new form of torture , say it , brother , Sir . - It will be your own torture . I hope to God it will torture you to madness . If you 'd care to give him a bash in the chops , Sir . Don 't mind us . We 'll hold him down . He must be a great disappointment to you , Sir . This is the real weepy and tragic part of the story being , O my brothers and only friends . After a trial with judge and a jury and some very hard words spoken against your friend and humble narrator , He was sentenced to fourteen years in Stargent number 84-F among smelly perverts and hardened crustoodniks . The shock sending my Dada beating his bruised and kroovy rookas against unfair Bog in his heaven . And my mom , boohoohooing in her mother 's grief as her only child and son of her bosom , while letting everybody down real horrorshow . - Morning . One up from Thames , Mister . - One up from Thames , sir . - Right , open Mister . - Yes sir . - Good Morning sir here are the prisoner 's committal sheet . - Thank you Mister . - Name ? - Alexander De Large . You are now in H.M. prison Parkmoor and from this moment you will address all prison officers as sir . - Name ? - Alexander De Large , sir . - Sentence ? - Fourteen years sir . - Crime ? - Murder sir . Right . Take the cuffs off him Mister . You are now 655321 and it is your duty to memorize that number . - Thank you Mister . Well Done . - Thank you chief . - Let the officer out . - Yes sir . All right empty your pockets . Are you able to see the white line painted on the floor directly behind you 655321 ? Yes sir . Then your toes belong on the other side of it . Yes sir . Right carry on . Pick that up and put it down properly . One half bar of chocolate . One bunch of keys on white metal ring . One packet of cigarettes . Two plastic ball pens . One Black . One Red . One pocket comb , Black Plastic . One address book , Imitation red leather . One ten penny piece . One white metal wristlet watch , Timearest on a white metal expanding bracelet . - Anything else in your pockets ? - No sir . Right , Sing here for your valuable property . The Tobacco and chocolate you brought in , you lose it as you are now convicted . Now over to that table and get undressed . - Now then , were you in police custody this morning . - No sir . - One jacket blue pinstriped . - Parent custody ? - Yes sir , on remark , sir . - One neck tie blue . - Religion ? - C of E sir . - Do you mean the Church of England ? - Yes sir , the church of England sir . - Brown hair isn 't it . - Fair hair sir . - Blue eyes ? - Blue sir . - Do you wear eyeglasses or contact lenses . - No sir . One shirt blue collar attached . - Have you been receiving medical treatment for any serious illness . - No sir . One pair of boots , black leather , zippered , worn . - Have you ever had any mental illness . - No sir . - Do you wear any false teeth or any false limbs ? - No sir . One pair of trousers , blue pinstriped . - Have you ever had any attacks of fainting or dizziness ? - No sir . One pair of socks , Black . - Are you an epileptic ? - No sir . One pair of underpants , white with blue waistband . - Are you now or have you ever been a homosexual ? - No sir . - Right . The mothballs . - Mothballs sir . Now then , face the wall , bend over and touch your toes . - Any venereal disease ? - No sir . - Crabs ? - No sir . - Lice ? - No sir . - Go over there for a bath . - Yes sir . What 's it going to be then ? Eh ? Is it going to be in and out of institutions like this though more in then out for most of you . Or are you going to attend to the divine works and realize the punishments that awaits unrepentant sinners in the next world as well as this . Allot of Idiots you are selling your birthright for a saucer of cold porridge . The thrill of theft , of violence . The urge to live easy . Well I ask you what is it worth when we have undeniable proof . Yes , Incontrovertible evidence that hell exists . I know , I know , my friends . I 've been informed in visions that there is a place darker than any prison , hotter than any flame of human fire . Where souls of unrepentant criminal sinners like yourselves . Don 't you laugh damn you , don 't you laugh . I say like yourselves scream in endless and unendurable agony . Your skin rotting and peeling a fireball spinning in your screaming guts . I know , oh yes , I know . I saw you , 920537 . I saw you . Allright we 'll end by singing hymn 258 in the prisoners Hymnal . Show a little reverence you bastards . " I was a wandering sheep . " Come on , sing up damn you . Louder . " I did not love the fold " " I did not love my shepherd 's voice . " " I would not be controlled . " " I was a wayward child " It had not been edifying , indeed not . Being in this hell hole and human zoo for 2 years now , being kicked and tolchoked by brutal warders and meeting leering criminals and perverts ready to dribble all over a lucious young malchick like your storyteller . It was my rabbit to help the prison Charlie with the Sunday service . He was a bolshy great bastard , but he was very fond of myself . Me being very young and also now very interested in the big book . I read all about the scourging and the crowning with thorns and I could viddy myself helping in and even taking charge of the tolchoking and the nailing in . Being dressed in the height of roman fashion . I didn 't so much like the latter part of the book which is more like all preachy talking than fighting and the old in-out . I like the parts where these old yahooties tolchok each other and then drink their Hebrew vino and getting on to the bed with their wife 's handmaidens . That kept me going . Seek not to be like evil men . Neither desire to be with them . Because their minds studyith robberies and their lips speak deceits . - If thou lose hope being weary in the days of distress thy strength shall be diminished . - Fine , my son , fine . - Father , I have tried , have I not ? - Well , you have my son . - I 've done my best , have I not ? - Indeed . I 've never been guilty of any institutional infraction , have I father ? You certainly have not , six double-five three two one . You 've been very helpful , and you show a genuine desire to reform . - Father , can I ask you a question in private ? - Certainly , my son , certainly . Is there something troubling you my son ? Don 't be shy to speak up , remember , I know all the urges that can trouble young men deprived of the society of women . Father , it 's nothing like that , father . It 's about this new thing they 're all talking about , father , about this new treatment . It gets you out of prison in no time at all . Makes sure you never get back in again . Where did you hear about this ? Who 's been talking about these things ? These things get around , father . Two warders talk as it might be . Somebody can 't help overhearing what they say , then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the work shops , and the newspaper tells all about it . - How ' bout putting me in for this new treatment , father ? - I take it you are referring to the Ludavico technique . I don 't know what it 's called , father . All I know is that it gets you out quickly , and makes sure that you never get back in again . That isn 't proven , six double-five three two one . In fact it 's only in the experimental stage at this moment . It has been used , hasn 't it father ? It has not been used in this prison , yet . The governor has grave doubts about it , and I have heard that there are very serious dangers involved . - I don 't care about the dangers , father . I just want to be good . I want for the rest of my life to be one act of goodness . - The question is , weather or not this technique really makes a man good . Goodness comes from within . Goodness is chosen , when a man cannot chose , he ceases to be a man . - I don 't understand about the whys and wherefores , father . I only know I want to be good . - Be patient , my son . Put your trust in the lord . - Instruct thy son and he shall refresh thee and shall give delight to thy soul . - Amen . - Mister . - All present and correct , sir . - Right . All present and correct , sir . - Very good , Chief . Now pay attention . I want you in two lines . Up against that wall facing this way . Go on move ! Hurry up about it . Prisoners are ready for inspection , sir . - How many to a cell ? - Four , in this block , sir . Cram criminals together and what do you get ? Concentrated criminality . Crime in the midst of punishment . I agree , sir . What we need are larger prisons and more money . Not a chance , my dear sir . The government can 't be concerned any longer with out-moded penalogical theories . Soon we may be needing all of out prison space for political offenders . Common criminals like these are best dealt with on a purely curative basis . Kill the criminal reflex , that 's all . Full implementation in a years time . Punishment means nothing to them , you can see that . They enjoy their so-called punishment . - You 're absolutely right , sir . - Shut your bleeding hole . - Who said that ? - I did , sir . - What crime did you commit ? - The accidental killing of a person , sir . He brutally murdered a woman , sir . Infurtherence of theft . 14 years , sir . Excellent , he 's enterprising , aggressive , outgoing , young , bold , and viscous . He 'll do . - Well , fine , sir . We could still look at C-block . - No , no , no . That 's enough , he 's perfect . I want his records sent to me . - This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition . - Thank you very much for this chance , sir . Let 's hope you make the most of it , my boy . - Shall we go to my office ? - Thank you . Come in . Sir , six double-five three two on , sir . Over to the white line , toes behind it , full name and number to the governor . - Alexander De Large , sir . Six double-five three two one , sir . - I don 't suppose you know who that was this morning , do you ? That was no less a person than the minister of interior . The new minister of interior . What they call a very new broom . Well these new ridiculous ideas have come at last , and orders are orders . But I may say to you in confidence , I do not approve . An eye for an eye , I say . If someone hits you , you hit back , do you not ? Why then , should not the state very severely hit by you brutal hooligans , not hit back also ? The new view is to say no . The new view is that we turn the bad into good . All of which seems to me to be grossly unjust , eh ? . - Sir . - Shut your filthy hole , you scum . - You are to be reformed . Tomorrow you will go to this man , Brodsky . You will be leaving here , you will be transferred to the Ludavico Medical facility . It is believed that you will be able to leave state custody in a little over a fortnight . I suppose that prospect pleases you ? - Answer when the governor asks you a question . - Yes , sir . Thank you very much , sir . I 've done my best here , I really have , sir . I 'm very grateful to all concerned , sir . - Sign this , where it 's marked . - Don 't read it , sign it . It says that you are willing to have the residue of your sentence commuted to submission to the Ludavico treatment . And this . And another copy . The next morning I was taken to the Ludavico Medical facility outside the town center , and I felt a malenky bit sad having to say good-bye to the old Staja , as you always will when you leave a place you like , gotten used to . Right , halt the prisoner . Good morning , sir . I am Chief Officer Barnes . I 've got six double-five three two one on a transfer from Parkmoor to the Ludavico center , sir . - Good morning , yes , we 've been expecting you . I 'm Dr. Alcot . - Dr. Alcot . Very good , sir . - Are you prepared to accept the prisoner , sir . - Yes , of course . Then I wonder if you 'd mind signing these transfer documents , sir . There . And there , sir . And there . Prison escort , move forward . Halt . Excuse me , sir . Is that the officer that will take charge of the prisoner , sir ? If I might offer a word of advice , Doc . You have to watch this one . A right brutal bastard he 's been , and will be again despite all his sucking up to the prison chaplain , and reading the bible . - Oh , I think we can manage things . - Charlie , will you show the young man to his room now . - Right sir . Come this way please . - Morning Charlie . - Good Morning Doctor . - Good Morning Alex . My name is Dr. Brannon . I 'm Dr. Brodsky 's assistant . - Good Morning misses . Lovely day isn 't it ? - Yes indeed it is . May I take that . - How are you feeling this morning ? - Fine , fine . Good . Now in a few minutes you 'll meet Dr. Brodsky and we 'll begin your treatment . - You are a very lucky boy to have been chosen . - I realize that misses and I 'm very grateful to all concerned . - We 're going to be friends then aren 't we Alex ? - I hope so misses . - What 's the hypo for then . Going to send me to sleep ? - Oh no , nothing of the sort . - Vitamins will it be then ? - Something like that . You are a little undernourished so after each meal were going to give you a shot . Roll over on your right side , please . Loosen you pajama pants and pull them half way down . - What exactly is the treatment here going to be then ? - Quite simple really . We 're just going to show you some films . - You mean like going to the pictures ? - Something like that . - Well that 's good . I like to viddy the old films now and again . And viddy films I would . Where I was taken to , Brothers , was like no cine I ever viddied before . I was bound up in a straight jacket and my guliver was strapped to a headrest with like wires running away from it . Then they clamped like lidlocks on my eyes so that I could not shut them no matter how hard I tried . It seemed a bit crazy to me but I let them get on with what they wanted to get on with . If I was to be a free young malchick again in a fortnights time I would put up with much in the meantime , O my Brothers . So far , the first film was a very good professional piece of cine . Like it was done in Hollywood . The sounds were real horroshow , you could slooshie the screams and moans very realistic . You could even get the heavy breathing and panting of the tolchcoking malchicks at the same time . And then what do you know , soon our dear old friend the red red vino on tap . The same in all places , like it was put out by the same big firm , began to flow . It was beautiful . It 's funny how the colors of the real world only seem really real when you viddy them on the screen . Now all the time I was watching this , I was beginning to get very aware of like not feeling all that well . And this I put down to all the rich food and vitamins . But I tried to forget this concentrating on the next film which jumped right away on a young devotchka who was being given the old in-out , in-out . First by one malchick , then another , then another . When it came to the sixth or seventh malchick leering and smecking and going into it , I began to feel really sick . But I could not shut my glassies and even if I tried to move my glassballs about , I still not get out of the line of fire of this picture . - Get me out . I 'm going to be sick . - Get something for me to be sick in . Very soon now the drug will cause the subject to experience a deathlike paralysis together with deep feelings of terror and helplessness . One of our earlier test subjects described it as being like death . A sense of stifling and drowning . And it is during this period that we have found the subject will make his most rewarding associations between his catastrophic experience and involvement with the violence he sees . Dr. Brodsky is very pleased with you . You 've made a very positive response . Now tomorrow there will be two sessions of course . Morning and afternoon . - You mean I have to viddy two sessions in one day ? - I imagine you 'll be feeling a little limp by the end of the day . But we have to be hard on you , you have to be cured . - It was horrible . - Of course it was horrible . Violence is a horrible thing . That 's what you 're learning now , your body 's learning it . - I just don 't understand about feeling sick the way I did . I never used to feel sick before . I used to feel like the very opposite . I mean , doing it or watching it , I used to feel real horrorshow . - You felt ill this afternoon because you 're getting better . You see , when we 're healthy we respond to the presence of the hateful with fear and nausea . You 're becoming healthy that 's all . By this time tomorrow you 'll be healthier still . It was the next day , Brothers , and I had truly done my best morning and afternoon to play it their way and sit like a horrorshow cooperative malchick in the chair of torture while they flashed nasty bits of Ultra-Violence on the screen . Though not on the soundtrack , my Brothers , the only sound being music . Then I noticed in all my pain and sickness what music it was that like cracked and boomed . It was Ludwig Van 's . Ninth Symphony , fourth movement . No . No . Stop it . Stop it . Please I beg of you . It 's a sin . It 's a sin . It 's a sin . It 's a sin . It 's a sin . It 's a sin . - Sin , what 's all this about sin ? - That . Using Ludwig Van like that . He 's done no harm to anyone . Beethoven just wrote music . - Are you referring to the background score ? - Yes . - You 've heard Beethoven before ? - Yes . - So , you 're keen on music . - Yes . Can 't be helped . Here 's the punishment element perhaps . The Governor ought to be pleased . I 'm sorry Alex . This is for your own good . - You 'll have to bare with us for a while . - But it 's not fair , It 's not fair that I should feel ill when I hear lovely , lovely , lovely , Ludwig Van . - You must take your chance boy . The choice has been all yours . - You needn 't take it any further sir . You 've proved to me that all the Ultra-Violence and killing is wrong , wrong and terribly wrong . I 've learned my lesson , sir . I see now what I 've never seen before . I 'm cured . Praise God - You 're not cured yet boy . - But sirs , misses , I see that it 's wrong . It 's wrong because it 's like against society . It 's wrong because everybody has the right to live and be happy without being tolchoked and knifed . - No , no , boy . You really must leave it to us . Now be cheerful about it . In less than a fortnight now , you 'll be a free man . Ladies and Gentlemen . At this stage we introduce the subject himself . He is , as you will perceive , fit and well nourished . He comes straight from a night 's sleep and a good breakfast , undrugged , unhypnotized . Tomorrow we send him out with confidence into the world again . As decent a lad as you would meet on a May morning . What a change is here ladies and gentlemen . From the wretched hoodlum the state committed to unprofitable punishment some two years ago . Unchanged after two years . Unchanged , do I say ? Not quite . Prison taught him the false smile , the rubbed hands of hypocrisy . The fawning greased obsequies leer . Other vices it taught him , as well as confirming him in those he had long practiced before . Our party promised to restore law and order and to make the streets safe again for the ordinary peace loving citizen . This pledge is now about to become a reality . Ladies and gentlemen , today is an historic moment . The problem of criminal violence is soon to be a thing of the past . But enough words . Actions speak louder than . Action now . Observe all . - Our necks are out a long way on this , Minister . - I have complete faith in Brodsky . If the polls are right we have nothing to lose . Hello . Heap of dirt . Ew , you don 't wash much do you ? Judging by the horrible smell . - Why do you say that brother ? I had a shower this morning . - Oh he had a shower this morning . You trying to call me a liar ? - No Brother . - Well you must think I 'm awfully stupid . - Why did you do that brother . I 've never done wrong to you . - You want to know why I did that ? Well you see , I do this and that and this , because I don 't like your horrible type , do I ? And if you want to start something . If you want to start then you just go ahead . - Go on please . Do. go on . - I 'm gonna be sick . - Please let me get up . - You want to get up . Well now you listen to me . If you want to get up you 're gonna do something for me . Here , here you see that , you see that shoe . Well I want you to lick it . Go on , lick it . And O my Brothers , would you believe your faithful friend and long suffering narrator pushed out his red yazzick a mile and a half to lick the grazny vonny boots . - And again . The horrible killing sickness would stop and turned the like joy of battle into a feeling I was going to snuff it . And again . Nice and clean . - Thank you very much . That would do very well . - Thank you very much , ladies and gentlemen . She came towards me with the light like it was the like light of heavenly grace , and the first thing that flashed into my gulliver was that I would like to have her right down there on the floor with the old in-out , real savage . But quick as a shot came the sickness , like a detective that had been watching around the corner and now followed to make his arrest . Enough . Thank you very much . Thank you my dear . - Not feeling too bad now , are you ? - No sir . Feel really great , sir . - Good . - Was I all right sir ? Did I do well. sir ? - Fine my boy . Absolutely fine . You see ladies and gentlemen , our subject is impelled towards the good by paradoxically being impelled toward evil . The intention to act violently is accompanied by strong feelings of physical distress . To counter these , the subject has to switch to a diametrically opposed attitude . - Any questions ? - Choice . The boy has no real choice , has he ? Self interest . The fear of physical pain drove him to that grotesque act of self abasement . It 's insincerity was clearly to be seen . He ceases to be a wrongdoer . He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice . - Padre , these are subtleties . We 're not concerned with motives . With the higher ethics . We are concerned only with cutting down crime , and with relieving the ghastly congestion in our prisons . He will be your true Christian , ready to turn the other cheek . Ready to be crucified , rather than crucify . Sick to the very heart of the thought of even killing a fly . Reclamation . Joy before the angels of God . The point is that it works . And the very next day , your friend and humble narrator was a free man . - Son . - Hi , hi , hi there my " pee and em " . - Alex . - Mum . How are you , love ? Nice to see you . Dad . - Lad . What a surprise . Good to see you . - Keepin fit ? - How are you then ? How are you ? - Oh , Fine , fine . Keeping out of trouble , you know . - Well , I 'm back . - Yes , good to see you lad . - Why didn 't you let us know what was happening son ? - Sorry em , I wanted it to be like a big surprise for you and pee . - It 's a surprise all right . A bit bewildering too . - We 've only just read about you in morning papers . - Oh , you should have let us know lad . Not that were not very pleased to see you again and all cured too , eh ? - That 's right Dad they did a great job on me . I 'm completely reformed . Well , still the same old place then , eh ? Hey Dad , there 's a strange fella sitting on the sofa munchy wunching lumticks of toast . - That 's Joe . He , he lives here now . A lodger that 's what he is , he rents you room . - How do you do , Joe ? Find the room comfortable do ya ? No complaints ? - I 've heard about you . I know what you 've done . Breaking the hearts of your poor grieving parents . So your back eh ? You 're back to make life a misery for your lovely parents once more , is that it ? Well , over my dead corpse you will because , you see , they 've let me be more like a son to them than like a lodger . - Joe , Joe , don 't go fighting here boys . - Well , do put your hand over your mouth please , it 's bloody revolting . - Are you allright lad ? - Dad , it 's the treatment . - Well it 's disgusting . I mean , it 's enough to put you off your food . - Ah leave him be Joe , it 's the treatment . - Do you think we ought to do something ? - Well , would you like me to make you a nice cup of tea son ? - What have you done with all my own personal things ? - Oh , well , that was all took away son , by the police . New regulations say about compensation for the victims . - What about Basil ? Where 's my snake ? - Well , He met with like an accident . He passed away . - What 's going to happen to me then ? I mean , that 's my room he 's in . There 's no denying that , this is my home also . What suggestions have you my " pee and em " to make ? - Well , all this needs thinking about , son . We can 't very well just kick Joe out . Not just like that can we , I mean Joe is here doing a job . A contract it is . Two years . We made like an agreement , didn 't we Joe ? You see son , Joe 's paid next months rent already so , well , whatever we do in the future we can 't just say to Joe to get out now can we ? - No , but it 's much more than that though , I mean I 've got you two to think of , who 've been like a father and mother to me . Well , it wouldn 't be fair now , or right I mean , for me to go off and leave you two to the tender mercies of this young monster , who 's been like no real son at all . Oh look , he 's weeping now , but that 's all his craft and artfulness . Let him go and find a room somewhere else . Let him learn the errors of his way and that a bad boy like he 's been doesn 't deserve such a good mum and dad as he 's had . - All right , I 've a lot of things out now . I 've suffered and I 've suffered and I 've suffered . And everybody wants me to go on suffering . - You 've made others suffer . It 's only right that you should suffer proper . You know , I 've been told everything you 've done sitting here at night around the family table , and pretty shocking it was to listen to . It made me real sick , a lot of it did . Now , look what you 've gone and done to your mother . It ' all right , it 's all right now . - Right , I 'm leaving now . You won 't ever viddy me no more . I 'll make my own way . Thank you very much . Take it heavy on your consciences . - No , don 't take it like that son . - Can you spare some cutter me brother ? Thank you , brother . Jamey Mack . Be the hokey fly . Holy Mother of God and all the Brits and saints in heaven preserve us , I never forget a face , bicott . I never forget any face . - Leave me alone brother , I 've never seen you before . - This is the poisonous young swine that near done me in . Him and his friends , they beat me and kicked me and punched me . Stop him ! Stop him ! They laughed at me blood and my moans , this murderous dog . - Then there was like a sea of dirty , smelly old men , trying to get at your humble narrator with their feeble rookers and horny old claws . It was old age having a go at youth . And I daren 't do a single solitary thing , O my brothers . It being better to be hit at like that than want to sick and feel that horrible pain . - All right , all right . Stop breaking the State peace . You naughty boys . Back away . What 's your trouble sir ? - Oh no . - Well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well . If it isn 't little Alex . Long time no viddy , droog . How goes ? - It 's impossible , I don 't believe it . - Evidence in the old glassees . Nothing up our sleeves ? No magic , little Alex ? A job for two , who are now of job age , the police . - Come on , Alex . Go for a walk , eh ? - Come , come , come my little droogies . I just don 't get this at all . The old days are dead and gone . For what I did in the past , I 've been punished . I 've been cured . - Cured , yeah , that was read out to us . The Inspector read all that out to us . He said it was a very good way . - What is all this ? It was them that went for me , brothers . You 're not on their side , and can 't be . You can 't be Dim . It was someone we fillied with back in the old days , trying to get his own little bit of revenge after all this time . Remember , Dim ? - Long time , is right . I don 't remember those days , too horrorshow . And don 't call me , Dim no more , either . Officer , call me . - Enough is remembered though little Alex . - This is to make sure you stay cured . - We 'll viddy you some more some time droogie . Where was I to go , who had no home and no money . I cried for meself . Home , home , home . It was home I was wanting and it was home I came to , brothers , not realizing in the state I was in where I was and had been before . - Who on earth could that be ? - I 'll see who it is . - Yes , what is it ? - Police . - Frank , I think this young man needs some help . - My God , what 's happened to you my boy ? And would you believe it , O my brothers and only friends , there was your faithful narrator being held helpless like a babe in arms , and suddenly realizing where he was and why " home " on the gate looked so familiar , but I knew I was safe . I knew he would not remember me , for in those care-free days , I and my so-called droogies wore our maskies , which were like real horrorshow disguises . - Police , ghastly , horrible police , they beat me up , sir . The police beat me up sir . - I know you . Isn 't it your picture in the newspapers ? Didn 't I see you on the video this morning ? Are you not the poor victim of this horrible new technique ? - Yes , sir . That 's exactly who I am and what I am , sir . A victim , sir - And by God , you 've been sent here by providence . Tortured in prison , then thrown out to be tortured by the police . My heart goes out to you , poor , poor boy . You are not the first to come here under stress . The police are fond of bringing their victims to the outskirts of the village . But it is providential that you who are also another kind of victim should come here . Oh , but you 're cold and shivering . Julian , draw a bath for this young man . - Certainly , Frank . - Thank you very much , sir . God bless you , sir . - I 'm singing in the rain . Just singing in the rain . - He can be the most potent weapon imaginable to ensure that the government is not returned in the forthcoming election . The government 's big boast as you know sir is the way they have dealt with crime during the last few months , recruiting brutal young roughs into the police , proposing dehabilitating and will-sapping techniques of conditioning . Oh , we 've seen it all before in other countries , the thin end of the wedge . Before we know where we are we will have the full apparatus of totalitarianism . This young boy is a living witness to these diabolical proposals . The people , the common people must know , must see . There are rare traditions of liberty to defend . The tradition of liberty is old . The common people will let it grow old , yes . They will sell liberty for a quieter life that is why they must be led sir , driven , pushed . Fine , oh , thank you very much , sir . He 'll be here . - I 'm singing in the rain Just singing in the rain What a Glorious feeling I 'm hap hap happy again I 'm laughing at clouds , so dark up above The sun 's in my heart and I 'm ready for love . Let the stormy clouds chase , everyone from the place I 'm on with the rain , I 've a smile on my face I 'll walk down the lane , with a happy refrain And I 'm singing , just singing in the rain - Good evening , sir . - Good evening . - It was very kind of you , sir , to leave this out for me . There was no one around when I finished my bath so I started , hope that 's alright , sir . - Of course . Food alright ? - Great , sir . Great . - Try the wine . - Thank you , sir . Cheers , happy day , sir . Won 't you join me ? - No , my health doesn 't allow it . - No thank you . - 1960 , Chateau , Saint Estephe , Medoc , very good brand , sir . Very good color , sir . Smells mice , too . Very nice little number , sir . Well , here 's to it . Very refreshing , sir , very refreshing . - I 'm pleased you appreciate good wine . Have another glass . - Thank you , sir . - My wife used to do everything for me and leave me to my writing . - Your wife , sir . Is she away ? - No , she 's dead . - I 'm sorry to hear about that , sir . - She was very badly raped ya see . We were attacked by a gang of vicious young hoodlums in this house , in this very room you 're sitting in now . I was left a helpless crippled , but for her the agony was true great . The doctors said it was pneumonia , because it happened some months later during a flu epidemic . The doctors told me it was pneumonia , but I knew what it was . A victim of the modern age . Poor , poor girl . And now you , another victim of the modern age , but you can be helped . I phoned some friends while you were having your bath . - Some friends , sir ? - Yes , they want to help you . - Help me , sir ? - Help you . - Who are they , sir ? - They 're very very important people and they 're interested in you . Julian , this will be these people now . - I don 't think I want to trouble you any further , sir . I think I should be leaving . - No , no , no my boy , no trouble at all . Here , let me fill your glass . - Hello , Frank . - Good evening , sir . - Oh , Frank . - So this is the young man ? - How do you do , sir ? - Hullo . - Misses ? Very pleased to meet you . - Hello . - I hope you forgive us for coming over at this ungodly hour , but we heard from Frank that you were in some trouble so we came by to see if we could be of any help . - Very kind of you , sir . Thank you very much . - I understand you had a rather unfortunate encounter with the police tonight . - Yes sir , I suppose you could call it that , sir . - How 'd you feel now ? - Much better , thank you , sir . - Feel like talking to us , answering a few questions ? - Fine , sir . Fine . - Well , as I said , we 've heard about you . We 're interested in your case . We want to help you . - Thank you very much , sir . - Well , shall we get down to it ? - Fine , fine , sir . - The newspapers mentioned that in addition to your being conditioned against acts of sex and violence you 've inadvertently been conditioned against music . - Well , I think that was something that they didn 't plan for . You see , misses , I 'm very fond of music . Especially Beethoven , Ludwig Van Beethoven . B - E - - That 's all right , thank you . - And it just so happened that while they were showing me a particularly bad film , of like a concentration camp . The background music was playing Beethoven . - So now you have the same reaction to music as you do to sex and violence ? - No , misses . You see , it 's not all music , it 's just the 9th . - You mean , Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony ? - That 's right . I can 't listen to the 9th anymore at all . When I hear the 9th , I get like this funny feeling and then all I can think about is like trying to snuff it . - I beg your pardon ? - Snuff it , sir death I mean , misses . I just want to die peacefully like with no pain . - Do you feel that way now ? - Oh no , sir , not exactly , I still feel very miserable , very much down in spirits . - Do you still feel suicidal ? - Well , put it this way , I feel very low in meself . I can 't see much in the future , and I feel that any second something terrible is gonna happen to me . - Well done Frank , Julian , get the car would you please . - I woke up ... the pain and sickness all over me like an animal . Then I realized what it was . The music coming up from the floor was our old friend Ludwig Van and the dreaded 9th Symphony . - Let me out . Open the door , open the door . Turn it off . Stop it . Turn it off . Please , turn it off . - Suddenly I viddied what I had to do and what I had wanted to do and that was to do myself in . To snuff it , to blast off forever out of this wicked cruel world . One moment of pain perhaps and then sleep forever and ever , and ever . I jumped , O my brothers , and I fell hard , but I did not snuff it , if I had snuffed I would not be here to tell what I told now . I came back to life after a long black black gap of what might have been a million years . He 's recovered conscienceness , Doctor . - Hello , lad . - Hello , son . How are you ? - Are you feeling better ? - What gives , O my P and M. What makes you think you are welcome ? - There , there , there mother , it 's all right . He doesn 't mean it . You were in the papers again , son . It said they had done great wrong to you . It said how the government drove you to try and do yourself in , and when you think about it , son , maybe it was our fault too in a way your home is your home when it 's all said and done , son . - Good morning . - Good morning , Doctor . - Good morning . - Good morning , Misses . - How are you feeling today ? - Fine . Fine . - Good . May I ? I 'm doctor Taylor . - I haven 't seen you before . - I 'm your Psychiatrist . - Psychiatrist ? Do I need one ? - Just part of hospital routine . - What are we going to do ? Talk about me sex life ? - No , no . I 'm going to show you some slides and you are going to tell me what you think about them , alright ? - Ohhh. jolly good . You know anything about dreams ? - Something , yes . - You know what they mean ? - Perhaps . Are you concerned about something ? - No , not concerned , really , but ... I 've been having this very nasty dream very nasty . It 's like , well . When I was all smashed up , you know , and half awake and unconscious like . I kept having this dream like all these doctors were playing around with me gulliver , you know , like the inside of my brain I seem to have this dream over and over again . Do ya think it means anything ? - Patients who 've sustained the kind of injuries you have often have dreams of this sort . It 's all part of the recovery process . - Oh . - Now then , each of these slides needs a reply from one of the people in the picture . You 'll tell me what you think the person would say . Alright ? - Righty , right . - Isn 't the plumage beautiful ? - I just say what the other person would say ? - Yes . - Isn 't the plumage beautiful ? - Oh yes , but don 't think about it too long , just say the first thing that pops into your mind . - Cabbages , knickers , it 's not good a .. a beak . - Good . The boy you always quarrelled with is seriously ill . - My mind is a blank and ... and I 'll smash your face for you , yarblockos . - Good . What do you want ? - No time for the old in-out , love . I 've just come to read the meter . - Good . You sold me a crummy watch . I want my money back . - You know what you can do with that watch ? You can stick it up your asss . - Good . You can do whatever you like with these . - Eggiwegs . I would like to smash ' em . Pick up the lot and throw ... Aw , fucking hells ... - Well there . That 's all there is to it . Are you alright ? - I hope so . Is that the end then ? - Yes . - I was quite enjoying that . - Good . I 'm glad - How many did I get right ? - It 's not that kind of a test . But you seem well on the way to making a complete recovery . - And when do I get out of here then ? - I 'm sure it won 't be long now . - So I waited and , O my brothers , I got a lot better munching away at eggiwegs , and lomticks of toast and lovely steakiweaks and then , one day , they said I was going to have a very special visitor . - Just wait outside for a moment , will you officer ? - Yes , sir . - I 'm afraid my change of schedule has rather thrown you . I seem to have arrived while the patient 's in the middle of supper . - That 's quite all right , Minister . No trouble at all . - Good evening , my boy . - Hi , hi , hi there , my little droogies . - Well , how 're you getting on today , young man ? - Great , sir . Just great . - Can I do anything more for you , Minister ? - I don 't think so , Sir Leslie . Thank you very much . Then I 'll leave you to it . Nurse . - Well , you seem to have a whole ward to yourself , my boy . - Yes , sir , and a very lonely place it is too , sir , when I wake up in the middle of the night with me pain . Yes . Well , anyway , good to see you on the mend . I 've kept in constant touch with the hospital , of course , and now I 've come down to see you personally to see how you 're getting along . - I 've suffered the tortures of the damned , sir . The tortures of the damned . - Yes I can appreciate that you have had an extremely ... Oh look , let me help you with that , shall I ? - Thank you , sir . Thank you - I can tell you with all sincerity that I and the government which I am a member are deeply sorry about this , my boy . Deeply sorry . We tried to help you . We followed recommendations which were made to us that turned out to be wrong . An enquiry will place the responsibility where it belongs . We want you to regard us as friends . We put you right , you 're getting the best of treatment . We never wished you harm , but there are some who did and do , and I think you know who those are . There are certain people who wanted to use you for political ends . They would have been glad to have you dead for they thought they could then blame it all on the government . There is also a certain man , a writer of subversive literature , who has been howling for your blood . He 's been mad with desire to stick a knife in you , but you 're safe from him now . We put him away . He found out that you had done wrong to him , at least he believed you have done wrong . He formed this idea in his head that you had been responsible for the death of someone near and dear to him . He was a menace . We put him away for his own protection , and also for yours . - Where is he now , sir ? - We put him away where he can do you no harm . You see , we are looking after your interests . We are interested in you and when you leave here you 'll have no worries . We 'll see to everything . A good job on a good salary - What job , and how much ? - You must have an interesting job , at a salary which you would regard as adequate , not only for the job you 're going to do and in compensation for what you believe you have suffered . But also because you are helping us . - Helping you , sir ? - We always help our friends , don 't we ? It is no secret that this government has lost a lot of popularity because of you , my boy . There are some that think that in the next election we should get out . The press has chosen to take a very unfavorable view of what we tried to do , but public opinion has a way of changing and you , Alex , if I may call you , Alex . - Certainly , sir . What do they call you at home ? - My name is , Frederick . As I was saying , Alex , you can be instrumental in changing the public 's verdict . Do you understand , Alex ? Do I make myself clear ? - As an unmuddied lake , Fred . As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer . You can rely on me , Fred . - Good , good , boy . Oh yes , I understand you 're fond of music . I have arranged a little surprise for you . - Surprise ? - One that I hope that you will like as a ... how shall I put it , as a symbol of our new understanding . An understanding between two friends . - I was cured all right .
