 I am Adrian Tripod , the director of this place , the House of Skin . In a sense , my present incarnation was generated by the mad dermatologist , Antoine Rouge . The House of Skin began its existence as a residential clinic for wealthy patients who were treated for severely pathological skin conditions induced by contemporary cosmetics Antoine Rouge , who , at the time , was considered little more than a gifted technician , seized control of the House many years ago and guided it towards a more fantastic species of research There was much opposition to the Rougian ascendency in certain high places . The House is undeniably in decline . Somehow , without my direct comprehension of it , it has fallen into the hands of my two sullen interns . Their purposes are entirely opaque to me . As are the purposes of so many others . Before the disappearance of Antoine Rouge , there were many strange creatures in residence here . But for some time now , there has only been one . And he ... I believe ... I have noted ... a white-ish , aerated amorphous effluence oozing from his ears . I 'm not quite certain . My interns have also noted the deadly emergence of this secretion ... which we call Rouge 's foam . It has been mandatory to cremate all those who have died from Rouge 's malady . Although , during the period of secretion and hemorrhage , the various pathological fluids are relatively harmless , even ... sensually attractive . These fluids soon develop a virulence which can be devastating . There was a time when Rouge 's malady appeared only in post-pubertal human females . It is , perhaps , natural that in my present confusion I should find my way to the Institute of Neo-venereal Disease . In the exhilirating days of Rougian administration , there was much collaboration between the House and this Institute . My former colleague has somehow withdrawn . He himself has contracted a species of venereal disease from one of his patients . He was once a fierce sensualist . But he has now become a pure metaphysician . His body has begun to create puzzling organs : each one very complex , very perfect , unique , yet seemingly without function . As each is surgically removed , it is quickly replaced by another , equally mysterious . He has taken to breaking into the specimens room and stealing the jars containing these organs .. His body , he insists , is a galaxy and these creatures are solar systems . He becomes melancholy when they are far from him . His nurse says that his disease is possibly a form of creative cancer . I believe that this is what they have said . It is difficult to recall so many dialects ... when one has remained so long in isolation . I have found a position as a therapist with the Oceanic Podiatry Group . They support their theoretical structure , in part , by a grossly distorted interpretation of the later evolutionary writings of Antoine Rouge . Still , the closeness of certain Rougian concepts is comforting . The technique I am to attempt is the invocation of the genetic history of feet . That is : tentacles , lobed fins , flippers , and so on . By these and other more esoteric means , I am to relapse the psychic relapse , now so common , which can occur under intense genetic pressure . I am , thereby , to encourage patients to bear the burden of a suddenly alien gravity . To walk , for example , when they would prefer to revert to more primitive oceanic forms . I have achieved a sort of equilibrium in my anonymity here at Metaphysical Import-Export . It has been simple to remain aloof from the internal workings of this corporation because , as a minor intramural courrier , I am not required to communicate with many candidates for executive positions with whom I 'd deal . As a consequence , however , I am uncertain as to what constitutes the significance of their incessant exercises and competitions . When Antoine Rouge disappeared , soon after he had himself contracted the disease which bears his name , we believed that he had preferred to die alone , in an exile , only partially self-willed . Still ... he , on one occasion , remarked that Rouge 's malady ... could not possibly be fatal to Rouge though it had already killed hundreds of thousands of women . And , it is true that his death was confirmed only by certain authorities ... who had long wished for his death . Yet ... though Rouge , as my mentor , and I were preternaturally close And ... I feel sure that he no longer exists . I have been studying the stereoscopic card delivered to me by he man with webbed toes . Though his manner was brutal , the card he left me was both inviting and peculiarly flattering . Yet it was , perhaps because of the perverse sexual nature of the cards ' images , so reminiscient of those which had gained an odd popularity at the House of Skin which decided me against contacting these subtle colleagues as they described themselves . I fear , however , that if I remain here much longer my hard-won equilibrium may become a morbid stasis . My former difficult patient now welcomes me with open arms . He no longer limps and claims that , as a result of my abortive attempt at Oceanic Therapy , he feels he has come to terms with his mutant toes . He had something ... elaborately philosophical about sea creatures , air , and water , but his idioms are extremely obscure . As I had anticipated , I have been invited to join a gathering of conspirators . Their purposes are as yet opaque to me . As are the purposes of so many others . It is , however , quite clear ... that they are heterosexual pedophiles . A group specifically abhorred though increasingly pervasive nonetheless . They are now all disciples of a new master , it seems . He is called Tiomkin . He describes these provocative spheres ... as his aquaria and directs me to engage psychically any aquarium for which I feel empathy . I cannot deny my attraction to certain of these perverse , multidimensional images . Tiomkin suggests ... that there must evolve a novel sexuality for a new species of man . An emergent , genetic biochemistry for a most innovatively reproductive form of life . He mentions Antoine Rouge ... but ... I cannot ... seem to see any connection between . Adrian Tripod has been accepted by the board of directors of the Gynecological Research Foundation . Their liason officer complains that his feet and legs are most unpredictable . He is afraid that they will give out on him entirely some day , without warning . And so , when he is alone , he does not walk . He notes the vastness of the Foundation 's quarters and the difficulty in reaching aid for those certainly rendered helpless . In this connection , he mentions the Foundation 's hired gunman who , apparently , has a tendency to misinterpret subtle social confrontations . Adrian Tripod is to be directly introduced to the subject of his study . She is a research import brought , at great expence , from a great distance across several most contentious borders . The corporation Metaphysical Import-Export has been involved in the venture . He stresses the complex nature of prematurely induced puberty which leaves such a subject vulnerable to Rouge 's malady ... and is unable to guarantee that she is not already somewhat defective in this respect . At an obscure hotel for transients ... the same one , some have said , that the faded mad dermatologist , Antoine Rouge , occupied during those last years in exile ... Adrian Tripod secures temporary accomodations for himself and his fellow subversives . The concierge speaks at length about a root-like excrescence which has begun to grow from one his nostrum . He believes it to be an extension of certain cerebral nerve cells . A modified antennae , perhaps . A delicate sense organ , attuned to ... what ? I ask him about Antoine Rouge . But he does not answer . Although , for safety 's sake , we shall be without Tiomkin 's guidance for some time , we have agreed among ourselves that there must be no delay in attempting to impregnate our strange unfathomable captive . Adrian Tripod senses the presence of Antoine Rouge . subtitles : depostio
