 ASTRONAUT CLUB The hero of our age , our cosmogladiator , Pirx pilot arrived . PIRX 'S ADVENTURES Based on Stanislaw Lem 's works written by : Cast : Part 2 . * The mystery of the Galilei-station * The hero of our age , our cosmogladiator , Pirx pilot arrived . Hurray , Hurray ! 19 o 'clock . Put me to 10th channel . Let us see the big moment . Today was give up medallion of plasma - laureate for voluntary spacerescue , Pirx pilot . Space meteorological forecasts . Our measurements established third degree meteor danger in the 17th , 22th , 48th spacesector Dear our looker-on ! We break off our program and we inform in extraordinary beoadcast about mysterious events , what happened on Galilei-station . We got the meaning in a news flash . The Galilei-station did not reply in a dawn today the moon centre 's call . In the moon centre stays one of our colleagues ... we may report from the locale so about the events . Dear our looker-on , you see our uptakes fixed onto the video . Towards the Galilei-station we are flying . I present it Lanner professor the astrophysics institute 's manager ... and Bjonzon physicist the moon centre 's assistant leader . Who sat into a lunar module because the Galilei-station is did not answer the obligatory sign ... and the reason of the abnormality is examined . The station shows from far for peaceful , for friendly . I demand it while we arrive Lanner professor that let speak about the work of the Galilei station . The station the astrophysics an institute 's property ... the essence of the researcher program is the examination of the cosmic radiation . Two scientists make this always ... they the station 's staff , currently : Dr. David and Dr. Kull ... Are you afraid that the last year 's events are repeated ? We find out everything soon . Two scientists died on the station last year as you know it ... one of the corpses it was found on the nearly headwall . the other one near the station . The reasons are unknown . Go right ! Right ! Towards the headwall ! Let 's go below . It is necessary to inform the investigating office promptly ! Let us land . The caisson door it 's open ! Look ! He Dr. David ! Unfortunate man ! As it is in a previous case , as if would have hit the defender system deliberately . Excuse me gentlemen , a what kind of defender system you talk about ? An electronic defender system covers over the station and its around . It defend against impacts of meteorite . This like that than an invisible wall . And I was heard onto a man dangerous . However a man cannot run at . Why not can ? For example accidentally . The meteor defender system is equipped with an automatic person follower ... that detects the man approaching at the zone frontier and make way for him automatically . And if breaks down ? This opportunity occurred to us at the time of the first investigation of course ... but the field investigation showed something else . Wait . See the defender system faultless . Dr. David died before the open entrance . We mediate the investigation in live broadcast now . Arrived the examining commission 's spaceship . From the central investigating office Dr. Rilov vice president ... from the astronaut academy Fabricius professor , who leads the investigation . Look , the professor ! Do you think that we are blind ? This is incomprehensible ! It sure , that mysterious case . The professor resolve it then . Dear DR. Rilov ! Allow me to ask you in the name of looker-on of the astrovision . I do not know more to say what your camera fixes . For us an object or a change which can be found in the placement of furniture does not give informations like that , than for you , the investigator . The circumstances found on the station give no special informations to us regarding the events . There is no sign of arising , a scuffle in the premises . It evidence everything that the death happened unexpectedly . Here you go , look round with your camera Look at the table , what is seen . Pipe , some books ... a fountain pen ... and David wanted to prepare a dinner in the kitchen . The opened tin and the breads slice off evidence this . But what may have happened actually ? One of them finished the reading apparently ... put aside the pipe when some minute loses the room in order to come back next . The other one finished the kitchen activity , preparations . As you see it the fat burned down . Indeed , was so urgent for him that he did not close the door of the refrigerator . Maybe that they went out into the night , with a space helmet together or one after the other one ? But why and where ? This incomprehensible , totally illogical . That interesting one , that the former case we established the same one . And then we were not able to solve it they why went out and what happened outside . It is certain fact that they went out . They did would be not go out without a reason But what the reason was ? Maybe that a third person tempted them ? Come on , this unimaginable ! Nobody not may approach the station without the centre 's permit and we didnot give a permission like this Yes . Kull wanted to be suicidal possibly . Isn 't it ? No . This is total impossible . Know to imagine , if somebody wants to be suicidal , an interesting reading is get up meanwhile leaves there his burning pipe and goes away , that he meeting the death ? Yes , this is convincing . And David , how died ? Kullt wanted to look up possibly . But why it was necessary to look up him ? Something delayed him in the recurrence maybe . Why did it not check it with an electronic person follower ? Look , gentlemen ! Do you see no strange one here ? What should we see ? These plates ! What kind of plates are these ? Photographic plates immortalizing cosmic rays . You do not find it strange , that they are here on the table ? Beside empty tin and plates ? This like that as if the investigating office 's the collection of a fingerprint you would find in the kitchen at home What we found on the station is this first abnormality . This evidence nothing unfortunately . And you professor the sciential commission 's leader ... you do not can to say an acceptable explanation to the events ? No . I do not can unfortunately . Turn it down . The case is shocking . Two accidents is alike and they know nothing . I would investigate from a third person 's presence . - I would go home in your case - Why ? - You know what happen for you tomorrow ? - Do not be terrifying him . Our diploma is and the dolphin test though qualifying practice . If not interest you what kind of work you receive , me interests . And i 'm ready , my 5 hours record . Take it easy , it 's no big deal all of it . Only a little one is a test . Dolphin test . You swim around in the salty water , than a dolphin . You will be insensitive , than a cooked French plum . Your skin crumples , than for a mummy . You will feel that you do not your body , no your limbs , no your hand , you cannot box , because not your fist . You crumble than a blotter paper . It is possible to tolerate everything , cleverest if you care about nothing . You speak easily , you made it already ... I am sweating now already . Come on , do not be agitated ! I say it only a little test . Character test , onto dolphin manner . I could say it so , a plain scientific experiment by the demonstration of the stamina . Its official name : deprivation by stimuli of afferent Practically deprived man by eyesight , hearing , smelling , touch in the salty bath truth with weightless flotation It doesn 't matter that what its name , let me be only I am ready . Why are you impatient ? I would not hurry in your case . Do you know what waits for you altogether ? Listen . Your fingers swell up , elephant sized will have your the little finger . Your nose is inflated , than a balloon . Your face swells by then than a space station . Next you explode ... on all of them runs on you ... and you will be transparent , than uptake fog ... than a decrepitating fishing net . Tell me , tell ! Are you kicking a dead lion ? No . I cannot give a permit . To suspend is sin , the work of a station in an excellent cosmic radiation centre I 'm sorry , I may not make something else then . We may not stop the research because we were not able to solve the reason of the tragedy . Look , I rank your abilities very high your researches ... but than the commission 's leader I responsible in order that a newer catastrophe does not occur . But you are responsible for it if we cannot continue our work . The accidents are inescapable occasionally anyway . Everything work is dangerous in the space . Please , gentlemen , do not argue . The fate of the station is secondary question . We are here in order that we find out the reasons of the accident , let us conduct the investigation . The public opinion expects this of us . It happened that the scientists organism on the station did not endure the excessive psychic load . A some kind of nervous breakdown ensued . Yeah , but 4 deaths in 1 year because of a psychic load , this unimaginable . We should close the station because of this if it would be so . Small , it was built up stupidly , instead of the centre of the crater under the north peak at dusk the radio a connection ceases ... the scientists are totally alone at this time Gentlemen , I have a proposal . I am willing to try the psychic load on myself . I go away to the station , and I continue the research work while I help the examination with my watch . You the institute 's manager ? - Yes . - This is a suicide . I endure an all kinds of load excellently . Or you forgot that I endured the dolphin test through 7 hours in my student days ? Really . And you know it that you hold the record since then ? You feel so , than a carcass , than a mummy , than one cooked French plum . You feel the death in all seconds . Only a character test . Character test . Since when is he within ? Since 1 hour , but does not endure it already for a long time . Now it seems that the curve became smooth calmed down . But this apparently transitional . Soon after your heartbeat you do not hear , the silence change to rumbling murmur . You would like to stop up your ear , but this noise does not come from outside , but from within , inside of you . What the deficiency of the exterior stimuli caused , he reached the phase of the decomposition of the cerebral cortex . But he has 3.5 hours within already . He does not endure 10-15 minutes more . They finish it at this time generally . There will be chaos inside of you , you don 't know what there is up , down , aside , you plunge into the confusion . I do order in myself . I quote the space , the time , the dimensions to myself A dimension , a space-time , everything break up . 4.5 hour . Finishes it soon Well yes , is not longer . This is a beautiful result . Let look over there professor lord ! That 's impossible . Incredible will-power . I believed it already though ... it showed so before . You look at me with a delight like doctor lord , than an insect scientist , who discovered a new insect , . Only not the topic of a scientific work you see in me ? How did you endure so for a long time ? Through 8 hours . And you cried out only two times . Show your reflexes . You took a bath ! 8 hours . - Congratulations , son - Thank you . There is a free place on the Galilei-station . Did you solve the reason of the accident ? - We did not know it unfortunately , for the present no . - And now ... Thank you for the confidence That is not the question , son . Not to investigate send you . It is possible to entrust the thing to me . Lanner professor 's researches there is need for measurements ... but I may allow you so only because of the accident , if his has escort , who endures the psychic loads well . You though , right ... You endures very well . But I have to admit it , that work what waits for you on a Galilei-station . for you , than for a pilot will be interesting less , although ... will be interesting less This mystery interests me very much . attention ! attention ! The 230th flight of the transgalactic arrived . 20 minutes before the start of the Moon I 'm sorry Glória , that I disturb ... I was bath now I bring a hair dryer . I 'm listening . So ... - I 'm now leaving . - Really ? I received very important assignment . I have to find out mystery of the Galilei-station . For you ? I know it so , a whole commission deals with this . Yes , certain viewpoints suggested , and ... an astronaut was needed . I have to leave promptly in consideration of the significance of the case . Congratulations . I was could not to meet you personally . Happened so quickly , I was could not to say goodbye . Why you should have said goodbye , i don 't understand ? - You cannot switck out it the ... - You think hair dryer ? Rudolf where you put the identification card ? Please to step out from the picture ! Why did you want to say goodbye so ? I leave for some months , I thought it ... Please go the tourist class , we leave immediately . There is trouble with the tourists always . - I the tourist class ? - I see it you have to hurry . Yeah , but I would like to say something . - I you ... - Good bye . I you ... My fortune is like this . When I make my mind up I want to say it ... - May we solve the secret according to you ? - Secret ? Accident . Because of psychic overload . In the space the accidents so frequent , than once on the Earth . We cannot make changes in this present technical standard yet . Yes , but what may have been the reason ? Come on Pirx , leave alone , I want to work here . I 'm going and I put out the plates onto the ground . On the first day already ? All minutes are important for the research , short the life . What shall I do ? Read , lie down , or ... the professor warned that you to watch me if I go out , do not go at headwall . At headwall ? Yes , the professor is be persuaded of all astrophysicists go mad on the moon . If you see that I went mad tie down me ... and I beg you in any way , do not allow me do not go at headwall . So , did I come here , because of this ? This big task , because I came here ? ! Let me be a park-keeper on the moon , or night watchman Come on Pirx , calm down ! Come . This is screen of electronic person follower . When I step out of the house , on this screen ... luminous dots appear , that my motion is signaled . Indeed you hear my heartbeat then . These signs interrupted at short time ... this occur when I set down the plates in the concrete trough . And why the signs are interrupted ? Because the concrete through shades and the electronic person follower does not see me But if you see two numbers in quick succession on this apparatus , then ... be frightened , rush after me ... because this means it that I go towards the headwall , because shocks the psychic overburdened . For what two numbers ? This my number , the one yours . We are programed to this . I go into the caisson and I get changed . Tell , the plates were exposed ? - What kind of plates ? - What you found in the kitchen . Yes , yes , exposed . They development for them already . This means that it hand about . How 's that it hand about ? One brought in it , the other one developed it , right ? What 's that supposed to mean ? Else the situation , if were exposed and else if developed . - If were exposed only ... - You did not finish the investigation , Pirx ? Research datas for the video recorder . Radiation with an a thousand times bigger dose . This for man deathly . But from what or from who may spring ? The defender system Not , not from the defender system , because it was opened before them . Attention Galilei-station . Here Moon centre ! From the Earth the K5 freighter arrived . Two passengers and two suppliers . The strengthening arrived . - Good evening ! - Welcome Pirx ! - Good evening Lanner professor ! - Good evening ! - We heard that this trashy vehicle comes here , and we seize an oppurtunity and we visit you - Welcome . How are you ? I 'm going and I check the unloading . If you allow it I am going with you . You solved it , or you are on a trace already ? I resigned . really ? That is incompletely . Tell Pirx , but honestly . Your opinion , that mysterious one the third , for who you are looking , ... presumably who you were looking ... it man or woman ? You know Glória , it that somebody goes to the headwall there is a logical explanation ... but DR. David and the other scientist 's corpse was before the open defender system ... this is mysterious . I don 't understand what are you talking about ! nothing . They did not send me here because of this otherwise . What are you doing here ? I teach the sparrows to jump . see how unfair the life . My elder brother who was a bad student received a good workplace . Co-pilot at the Transgalactica . - You though the most distinguished one ... - The most distinguished one ? Greet them with moon politeness . Yes . Only a little shiftless one . You are a little pious one . What ? But I like you so . Do you like me ? Trust me young man . Recently I perpetuated it a beautiful meson 's decomposition on one of the plate . This is the mysterious , uplifting , mysterious moment of the nature . And what kind of cosmic secondary phenomena it is possible to observe Somewhere unattainable . Imagine it , this station wanted to close . I heard it ... I wrote it in my last article , that ... there are certain disturbances a the radio link . Mainly at dusk Even the traffic between each other ceases then . If one of them work on the ground outside . the other one cannot form a connection with him . Is this Lanner talkative always ? Dry , sour shape . But if he talks about the particles get hot than an amorous student . It 's a habit with me . The love ? No . His tales . I do not listen him already , than Matters . Matters is unfortunate . Who knows what believes about this whole one . He hated the atomic physics always . They failed it several times . What 's this ? This is an electronic person follower . If the one of station 's scientists works outside . Then this electronic person follower ... it insures an egress and ingress through the defender system . We finished the loading . Please let go at the spaceship . How they hurry . Please answer . We board after 3 minutes . - Hasty their thing . - Please answer ! We leave after 3 minutes . We leave promptly . Cheer up ! Damn it ! Lanner ! - Yes . - On a plate which can be imagined a thousandfold dose cosmic radiation ? Thousandfold ? No , this is unimaginable . And if I would find one like this ? You may not find one like this . But i found it . - Where found ? - In the phantom sector . In the phantom sector ? Where this is phantom sector ? Before the entrance , beyond the zone frontier . Where you found the corpse of the two scientists . phantom sector Tell Pirx , you guessed this expression alone or helped anyone ? Mock . These two deaths are totally inexplicable though . Listen Pirx . You go to the headwall as a result of the psychic overburdened sooner or later if you do not finish the investigation You did not think about the meteor defender device also radiates ? And this the plate is there for a long time already , a lot gathered up a radiation dose . You 're right . Look Pirx ! Look , I discovered what kind of beautiful meson decomposition on this plate . It would be necessary to exchange the plates in the concrete through again . I 'm going and I exchange it . Develop these plates , we found something on these maybe . I do breakfast . Scrambled eggs suits ? Yes . Lanner ? Lanner ? Lanner ? There is not radio contact at dusk . The plates . Likewise than then . Than then . One of them prepared breakfast . He noticed the sign , toward the headwall . Went out after the other one and one did not arrive back . But why ? The moon centre called them and they did not answer . " You mad lies there by the time you are waiting , ... an avalanche swept it off , was rolling from the peak . You did not hear it because it is possible to hear nothing on this cursed moon . " He lives yet . I hear his heartbeat . He lives yet . " You a madman , a man are dying and you you are doing here helplessly and you gaze at the kitchen . " The plates , likewise than then . The plates ... the sign from the headwall ... Likewise than then . the sign from the headwall ... Likewise than then . Pirx astronaut pilot sends a message to arrivals of from the Earth . The death of the staff of the Galilei-station occur thirdly . I deduce it based on the electronic person follower 's signs ... that Lanner professor went towards the headwall . The according to breathing indicator 's marks ... he lives yet , but probable was wounded seriously . According to the common wit , the logic ... I should hurry to his assistance promptly . but I do not do this . I give reasons for my decision . The scientists who were here before ... they act according to the situation certainly ... but after all all they 're dead . indeed the concomitant phenomena are totally equal to the circumstances of the previous accident . I see that I do it despite the common wit so for correct one . I lose the station at the end of my message . but I do not go to the headwall , but opposite the entrance to a zone frontier . Where a man died earlier . Maybe that you find me dead . But I feel it so this leads near to the solution of the secret . But whatever the electronic person follower ... I retool it by my own lookout from general lookout . I locked the station practically with this . Henceforth with the exception of me ... nobody may step over the zone frontier . I 'm on my way I finished . The heartbeat stopped . But what this sign ? And again the heartbeat . A third person . Lanner ! The defender system ! You thought that I lie on the headwall . I was in the kitchen and in the lab , when you went away . I could not to watch the electronic person follower steadily . I noticed the sign next from the headwall . Then when I repaired my lamp in the concrete through . - Did you repair your lamp ? - Yes . But how you may have believed it , that I am at the headwall . Since the person follower and the apparatus may not have signaled my heartbeat . - Yeah , signaled it . - How ? Switch on the egg oven . That 's fantastic . I make the scrambled eggs if you switched it on . Dear our looker-on ! We outside broadcast from the Galilei-station . From where we receive a detailed report for the solution of the station 's mystery . We switching the Galilei-station ! Pirx , than hero . Like that as if would tickle . I would not have believed this about him . Good evening ! Before publicity already known , that 4 astrophysicists died between mysterious circumstances on the Galilei-station . The mystery of the case increased yet the circumstances of death . The corpses the headwall and it was found close to the station , practically on the same place . Than known two scientists work on the Galilei station always , ... their tasks , their researches are connected to these plates . An electronic defender system protects the space station against the falling meteors . An electronic person follower opens exit and entrance on this system ... what signals the outside worker on this screen . How may the tragedy have occurred ? In both cases on an identical manner . If one of the scientists make the usual routine work ... he is outside in the concrete through in order to place the plates . The person follower does not signal this because we know it , that the concrete through shades . This scientist because of some reason , his lamp went wrong for example ... he stays longer in the through because of this . The person follower because of the delay ... we say it so to be restless starts ... and its program adequately ... it " starts " for search , research . During a search the headwall finds a big meteor with metal mass as you may see now . The person follower would have continued the search in all other cases , because breathing impulsions from the meteor could not get . The chances may slam the cleverest machines unfortunately . This was this short-circuit egg oven in the chance present case . Warming up brought tenseness into breathing indicator 's electronic circuit ... and this there were enough for the person follower it , that let identify it as a living man the meteor . The alarm will sound of course . His companion thinks totally logically , that his colleague lies on the headwall injured . The person follower from a understandable reason ... he retool in the interest of himself 's protection ... closes it so the meteor defender system the around the station ... and leaves to his misfortunate rescue to the headwall . During this the other one finishes work of place out of the plate ... comes out from the through , and starts back ... he be persuaded of the person follower perceives him and provides the road to him . The present circumstances ... However the equipment not him but setting onto his companion 's protection . he crashes against the protecting wall so and is wounded fatally . His colleague who started for his search ... and the headwall does not find him , is going below . he stumbles and falls down the headwall . If you remembered , when we discovered the accident ... the electronic defender system was open beside Dr. David 's corpse . How is this possible ? You could ask it . When Kull died the headwall ... the person follower losing the person 's defensive object ... automatically changed to general lookout again and found by DR. David , who lying before defender system Cut an open road for him ... but we know , Dr. David was dead already at this time . But not for the person follower ... that the one got it from the egg oven gradually respiratory impulsions ... and door of defender system was opened always so before the dead person As soon as visible , the equipment removed all of the traces of the misfortune . Making it impossible for the story 's subsequent exploration . Onto the events Pirx not responded reflex-like . Life of himself and his companion saved with this . Warning him about the closed defender system . And light is thrown on the earlier deaths so . You know it for me what is the most memorable one ? When I loitered with an empty stomach after the story . Pirx beat up the egg with full calmness , roasted the scrambled eggs and the last bite ate it . I said that you are not an investigator . A what kind of detective is the person who eats his own evidence ?
