 Hello , Pirx ! PIRX 'S ADVENTURES Based on Stanislaw Lem 's works written by : Cast : Part 3 . Weekend on Mars Hello , Pirx ! Come in ! Did the famous hero come to me ? The scrambled eggs eaters ? How 's that on the Earth ? Did somebody arrive ? - Why do you not answer ? - Do you have a guest ? It is possible to say it so . - Then I not disturb . - Do not disturb , stay ! You know , I would have called you many times already , but ... the TV ones , the journalists ... And you believed it so , that for the mood of the variety suits a woman journalist ! ? - I would like to ask something . - Yes ? I come back then , do not disturb . Come . Here you go , here my guest . Please , turn it off ! You jealous space Otello - I believed ... - What you believed ? - I wanted to say it ... - Only you wanted it ? - I came that I ask it ... - What ? What do you do on the weekend ? It depends . - Because me ... - Because you . - If you ... - If me ... - Then we . - then we . I see , wait . Switch on the four channel . Here is the telinform , the information service of the robot Our weekend offers . You are tired , nervous ? Spend time doing in the zone of the asteroids . Your nervous system eases on the planet of the playing music crystals . Cosmic pulsation by into crystals closed caress your body with the invisible fingers of the beams . Do you want an adventure ? Than Odysseus you may be wandering around between Jupiter 's moons . Spend 12 days , on 12 moons of Jupiter . You may travel without spacesuit enclosed by the invisible oxygen tent on top of sloops You are moody , sad ? Come onto Merkur . Will be your merriment after some minutes between the laughing nickel spheres . You are lonely , sorrowful ? Come onto Venus . Here the most full compassion find . The whispering plants are whispering back your heartbeat . Are you a lover , timid one ? Come onto Mars . The furnitures declare a love instead of you . The opened dream mars crater hostel . Floating beds , furnitures watching him and grant a request ... anti-gravitation beaches , beam baths wait for you . What 's this ? - Nice . - Beautiful . What ? Nothing . Why do you not put down these packets ? - Everything like that than in the tale . - Yes than in the tale . Once upon a time ... Excuse me . You forgot to hand in your identification card . I sorry . - here you go - The key of space suit safe . Thank you . Is there not a curtain here ? Here window , there window , big the draught . I don 't understand If this is an aquarium , and we are goldfish , I do not have an objection then . Nobody sees here . The hotel was made of glass , it transparent , but this technical magic . Be calm , from outside nobody sees you . Thank you . Nobody sees in . - Ow , Glória ! - How large a sigh ! As big galactic poet , Konrád writing it : I thirsted a little calmness . Let us drink it . I did not know that you read poems . I know the second row . I wanted to see you with my hungry eye I remember the third row though . Sleepy daze was look up . Dear our guests ! We marked it for a surprise ... but it may give rise to misunderstanding ... your room is playing the maid 's role by the robot bedroom You desire anything , enough if you relate it and the room serve it promptly . We experienced it already . We do everything in order for the dear guest to feel so in our hotel , than in the tale . Than in the tale . Wonderful . It tell me , how it is possible to turn off this equipment . To turn off ? It no way . Thank you . With this took a bath . Dry yourself . 22 22 22 + 0.5 22.5 + 0.5 = 23 + 0.5 + 0.5 = 24 22 - 122 - 22 - 222 - 322 - 422 - 522 - 622 - 722 + 0.5 We apologise to our dear guests for the disturbing ! You allow it Pirx captain , how we coupling it Mars centre 's videophone ? Of course . We apologise that we disturbed your relaxation ! You allow , that present him ... Ignatov geologist professor ... Vargas major ... and we wait for it soon the appearance of McCork robot constructor . I am Achanian , engineer captain , the leader of Mars centre 's security department . I was compelled to order the red alert before 10 minutes in X / 17 sector . Serious danger threatens us ... to the averting of which I would need your council . I am at your service . And you , Pirx pilot ? Of course he . Thank you . Let see the facts . It a mine broke in on the edge of X / 17 sector and some working robots were damaged . One of them to manage to get onto the surface ... but the injury reactions starting itself ... but let us not start the middle of the events . Disturbance came forward after the accident the district in the supply of energy and the telephone connection was interrupted . Excuse me , wait a second . Call the hospital again . We discovered at midnight , that it caused the network 's breakdown and the mistake of the phone line , that the cables were cut off with a laser beam . The mechanic group 's jeep . who started by the correction of cable ... after a.m. 3 o 'clock was attacked with a laser ... more were hit and caught fire . The driver and the one of staff dead . The other one known to escape and hid away in the desert . I am a geologist , I know this sector . Rocky , chasmy ground , with enormous craters and splittings . I am McCork a robot constructor . Managed to get back onto the base ... but almost 40 kilometres ran in a space suit ... used up his full air supply ... anoxia got , now unconscious . I believe it already you know who cut off the cable ... and attacked the jeep ... it the escaped was robot . Some questions would be me , that robot constructor : What kind of type was escapes robot ? Setaur . And where was wounded ? Injury happened in its brain according to our assumption . And what kind of consequences this injury may have ? What is your opinion , McCork ? Well , there is big trouble really now . The setaurs heavy circumstances , to danger of slide workplaces it was built up ... because of this they massive construction and their thick armour yes . They are used for services , mines to be broken up in mines ... let break , chop the heavy material . This type was equipped with a mine laser because of this , that a tiny atomic pile insures its energy . If getting injured in the brain-centre ensues ... this destruction tendency may turn generally ... and the robot is capable of incredible destruction . It is necessary to destroy it promptly . I ask your help to this . I think not plain the thing . An any kind of gun bullet not breaks through the armour of the robot . Can be run with 100 km / h of velocity and can change a direction quickly . The ground makes our thing harder , because quickly knows to hide and can ambush . With what kind of weapons is it possible to destroy it ? Only with laser . There are special mine lasers for us ... we may destroy it possibly with them . Not possible from a spaceship to destroy the robot ? Maybe Pirx pilot can to answer . From a spaceship in no way , maybe with a spaceship . Theoretically spaceship with a medium greatness sure would to destroy a setaur , if its mouthpiece would get under it . It would be necessary to send the spaceship above the robot , but little target like this , than the robot ... knows to escape always . I suggest a jeep , jeep armoured of course . Mars a peaceful tourist centre , our tactics devices there are not . We have a special mining jeep with a steel wall Opposite the mine laser of the robot ... there is even an armoured jeep in an exposed situation . So very cautious one needs we to be . This means that you are willing ... me yes . Sure me , too . Of course me , too . Thank you . Please come into Mars centre that we talk over the additional ones . A moment , captain lord . I am a woman journalist if you would not have an objection against it ... you may not take in the action of course , but you may accompany it with attention in the centre . but please in secretly I would not like a panic between the tourists . Thank you . Here two controlling tower ! Here two controlling tower ! The setaur moves towards noon according to the meanings . Here is KX helicopter ! We saw it before 12 minutes . It fired at us ! We do not find it since then . Look for it longer . Helicopter fleet attention ! Helicopter fleet attention ! Look for it longer the setaur ! This is centre of action . We are in a contact with all of the participants and an observer . Do you have a contact with the Earth ? It would be liked for my paper ... Is but we would not love ... Please that do not reserve our lines until the end of the action ! I ask the 4 / 2 jeep ! I 4 / 2 present myself ! What 's up ? For the present nothing ! In this stonejungle not disappear . - Go away beside it . - We may notice it if attack . But then it 's too late . - You think so the fight will be unequal ? - If there will be fight altogether . Cut across our car so , than knife the butter Springs out from behind a rock and we are incapable In this the shaking we cannot use the laser . We cannot take aim The setaur will not wait for us that we take aim It does not need to aim . It has a laser eye between the two optical eyes . And moves together with the optical organs This is means it immediately knows to shoot at what it looks ? Yes . There it is ! Half-turn left ! Stop ! - Azimuth ? - 45-8 Azimuth : 45-8 Attention ! Fire ! Leave carefully ahead . Stop ! Instead of the robot is crystal ore . This is something . We look for it longer . Leave ahead . We could have thought that the robot is much cleverer at it in order to leave attack surface like this . Behaves according to these so , than a reasonable being , a living being ? The living beings behaves more expediently , ... its opportunities unlimitted , may wander freely ... does not need fuel , oxygen , sleep , relaxation ... so independent , that me engineer dismay , what kind of perfect one we make up . Do not be so proud of it only . Why was needed for a mine work make up robot on onto a free and independent act like this suitable one to do ? You engineers everything overdesign . - Do not be irritated . - But I am irritated . This misfortune happened because of this . Some people died already , and who knows who will be the next ? ! I have a family . You volunteered according to my knowledge . The overdesign there is need inevitably in the present section of the technical development . Reserve onto the events which cannot be foreseen . Here you go , the event which cannot be foreseen is here . Where did the miss go ? She was it here yet before . Asked , and went out . Why did you let out her ? Glória , I prohibited it to you that lose the centre ! That robot does not come here . We may not know it what going to do . I allowed you to be here , but this the fact that you accept giving instructions to me means it . You understand ? - I see ! I see ! . - I 'm sorry , that I was shouting but I was obliged , that ... We were sent here to the centre , it already over hedge and ditch too yes . We are incapable . The first shooting it shoots it anyway . - Then for us it is over . - This i 'm not sure . Indeed , better if it shoots first . Why , i don 't understand ? You understand it then . Accelerate . Hello ? Hello , Mars centre ! Mars centre , here Glória ! I announce it if you hear my sound i 'm not scared . I approach the building carefully . But I want to create a photograph by the robot . Why did we bring these bottles ? What is there in these ? Ammonia , chlorine , coal hydrogen . But this life-threatening ! I was a pupil recently , but I was enthusiastic about the exciting things . Be glad that you may experience this the ... Would be better if you would guard it your health ! It is the cursed shower ! I am afraid of these bottles . Because if the robot fires at us and its are bursting ... then anyway it doesn 't matter ... - But ? Because we will not have the means of placing these . We roll it there then . - I am afraid of something else . - Right , you admit it ? sure , son . Not the setaur , but from the cars , see ? They may fire at us easily if we come out from behind a rock suddenly . It is necessary to make contact with them . We entered the danger zone . Towards twenty for the present nothing . We start being dispersed . We got stuck in . Rev up the right side . Now the left side ! Try it backward . Now forward ! It got stuck in again ! Standing target the easy to shoot . We wander the neighbourhood and the robot shoots the centre . Sure that shot off the aerials . It was a folly that there is not an armed man in the centre . What we could do . They do not have enough lasers . It cannot shoot the building to pieces . Stop ! Total silence ! We were left to ourselves . Maybe that it was found . And not anymore with us , but they deal with the robot . Attention ! Explosions Direction : 47.8 With full thrust forward ! Good , good , this is not spaceship . Keep the direction . - Pupil ? - Yes - McCork ? - Yes I speak if we are hit , you open the door . Driver , reduce the velocity Direction the height of the hill A jeep . Setaur may be here the near . Craziness , that we are showing ourselves here ! We should hide into entrenchment Where may they be the others ? Try it the contact again . Setaur-1 , setaur-2 to me ! Aim : 72-80 Fire ! Stop ! Take the measure of it . Add meg az irányszöget ! Add azimuth ! Hurry up ! Contaminated viscose discolouration . Transept minings with an ambulance slide . How much the azimuth ? Azimuth : 39.9 40.01 40.02 It changes its place . Setaur-1 , setaur-2 Setaur-1 , setaur-2 Before us ! Fire ! I hit it . You asked for it ! Back ! Take cover ! I set it off ! Almost we singed . This is a ready suicide ! Do you see the rock behind us on the screen ? Try to get into its covering At least 30 metres are open grounds so far . Stop ! We to get off ! We go away onto a little exploration ! On foot , because the jeep is a big target for setaur You go first ? Pupil ? Yes . Give one of the bottles to me . McCork ? - McCork ? - Yes . I thought , you sleep ? Be looking for a contact with the others , lest us let be shot . - Roger that . - Pupil ? - Yes . - Open the door ! We could have obtained this shooting . They went towards it certainly . From 40-50 metres may have fired at them He is not in the sunlight . It may be between the rocks , in the shade only . We try to entice it out . I was daydreaming about exciting Indian stories like this always . McCork , shoot into its ruby laser eye if you see a flash . Nothing . This cleverer than I believed it . - Or did not notice it - Maybe . Why did you not shoot ? Skulks in a cleft , or shoots laterally . I doubt it already now that something will be from this . Do we try it once more ? Your fortune will be bigger for you maybe . Go and prepare it the other two bottles . What 's up ? The radio contact is found The 4 men was in bursting car . From the building operations . The other car turned back because his laser went wrong . The others went on but saw nothing . I see . And where our group ? Our group onto 20 miles is from us . One of the rocket patrols reported that see the setaur , everybody it went there , there was a false alarm though . Call here the others . Because the robot is here . We impede it while we know it . Transmission interference . The others us do not hear . The problem may be with the transmitter or the broadcast is released on this place . I see . Who knows it when they arrive here if we manages to talk to them . What are we going to do , let us sit by idly ? Could we do something else ? If we would overwhelm the cauldron with jeeps ... we would attain our goal possibly . Yeah , but on the price of losses . The jeep too big and slow for a setaur . We may occur , than with the former car . There would be need for some trick in order for us bait out the setaur onto the sunny area . And if we would send down the empty jeep ? And from above we would shoot it on the robot ? A thing would not be wise blindly to run out the car . Yes , the robot would shoot it to pieces , that would stir its place . Knows it that the shade provides big superiority to it ? Not martial machine this , does not know the tactics . But there is some logic in its craziness . If we would understand this logic . Actually folly to sit here . What are we going to do ? I am thinking about it ... if I would be the in place of setaur ... what I would do . I would attack . The idle waiting offers no benefit . Then though ... maybe that comes towards us . It may appear in any of the moments . A yes , this occurred to me . There would be a logician . But acts logically ? Heavy question . It is necessary to test it once more Let us roll it down the other two bottles . Prepare it . We notice it next what 's going on . Let 's get going ! McCork ? McCork ? Yes . Did you not hear my previous call ? No . We have to look it then , here some - thing shades , we may lose the contact . - McCork ? - Yes . Did you observe nothing ? Nothing . Give the bottle to me . Stay here ! I go over to the other rock . From there I see the ground better . Is the road clear ? clear Who is it ? Don 't be silly ! Did you see something ? nothing ! What did you say ? - Nothing . - How 's that nothing ? I don 't see anything . This robot is not stupid . God damn it ! What they set before its nose does not want to shoot onto a target like that . It may be that its gone . What do you mean ? Did ltgo to take a bath ? We never find it if it goes into this stone labyrinth . Listen to me ! Shoot first the nearly onto a bottle , after 3 seconds onto the farther one ! Roger that ! Relax , yet early You come even near ! That 's fantastic ! This robot alike puzzled , than a man . Than a man and a robot constructor . I envy your humour . Cheers ! What did you say ? Take a hot bath . Do you think that it is useful ? Your beauty sure . I 'm curious , what may think of injured now . - Me ? - Not , the robot . Maybe that way ... that it the somebody , who shoots onto objects alike , than he ... maybe not enemy , but ally Maybe that we make it of use . Azimuth : 15.3 Fire ! Here Pirx , from the 4 / 2 jeep . Do not shoot . You hear me ? Do not shoot . Cursed walkie-talkie ! I cannot move ! Wait ! Don 't move ! They fire at us ! Wait Don 't move ! Thank you Pirx captain . I hope for it well you feel yourselves at us ! Do not believe it . He has remorse . Remorse ? Why ? Because of the robot . Let him be sorry for it . The robot ? But was an injured machine . Dangerous construction . If not shoot down , kills the people . This thing is not so plain . It wanted to protect me . Because onto who they shoot likewise drew that conclusion , than onto itself , he may be its ally . These machines are logical constructions . But I am not a logical construction . I am a man . Pirx captain ? Mars centre 's hygienic organization established that you sneezed many times . Me ? Nothing , only a little cold . Is a little one a cold on Mars ? You know what you speak ? Cheers ! Thank you Ill isolation ward
