 ASTRONAUT ACADEMY Smiga ? Matters ? Börst ? Pirx ? Where is Student Pirx ? PIRX 'S ADVENTURES Based on Stanislaw Lem 's works , written by : Cast : Part 1 . * Diploma exam * Where is Student Pirx ? I 'm here , Professor Sir ! You 're late , as always . The subject of today 's lesson : Behaviour in space . Student Pirx ! What you would do , if .. during a space mission ... you happened upon the ship of an alien space service ? I would approach it . Very good . And next ? I would stop it . And ? - I would introduce myself - I would introduce myself Student Pirx , call me tomorrow with your flight book . Student Börst ? I 'd quote it the paragraph on behaviour in space . Article " 1 " , point " a " , paragraph " 1 " . Pirx ? Student Pirx ? - I hear your test flight will be tomorrow . - Have fun with your old lady . Student Pirx ? You are flying tomorrow . Good luck with the flight ! And if you should meet those aliens accidentally .. don 't forget to introduce yourself to them . It 's bad that with you 're having your exam along with Börst . You might be glad to be beside that super perfect being if you get second-class . If the old man allows it . He is a computer being on two feet . He 's been an excellent student since his kindergartner age . Supposedly when he was born , he folded his nappy onto square one . He asked the obstetrician .. if he had to pee accidentally , then at what kind of interval , at how many degrees angle , and on what ballistic orbit he should do it . You know what would be good ? An autocue . They know that everybody brings an autocue . They search everybody because of this . Maybe if we stuck it up our armpit . It 's hopeless . Last year 's ones got caught already . But then ... Do you know these glasses ? Show me , where did you get that ? - Show me ! - The physicists did it . The whole coursebook is in this device . The tape goes forward if you screw this . If you press this button , it rewinds . If you don 't press it , it stops . But where 's its loudspeaker ? In the glasses ? There 's no loudspeaker . This is a little video recorder . Look here ! You can see the screen on the left side . You play it if they ask you , read the equations and calmly look the prof. in the eye . Start it . - This is divine . - From the outside you can 't see a thing . Press the button now and you can see it rewinds . Stop it now . integral , d , x - x , equal , I , n , absolute value x , + c I wouldn 't have been able to remember this formula . Do you believe it , that I do ? Why are you groaning now ? We can never make use of this . Why not ? Because we couldn 't be spacemen if we wore glasses . This close to the exams , I hope your editor will be satisfied with this interview ? Unfortunately not , Professor Fabricius Sir . My chief said that I should attend a take-off , and write about my experiences . I cannot allow this . This is reportage . I 've been here already , with full access . An exam is an exam . Let me in somewhere . This is more dangerous . It 's true that they will be qualified spacemen , but this will be their first independent flight . They are still inexperienced . We just want to write this . This is a youth paper . We want to record how a student becomes an adult , a mature specialist . If only you weren 't a youth author .. Space flight is not unfamiliar to me . Because my elder brother .. Your elder brother ? Yes . Your student . Matters . That 's impossible . You cannot fly with him . I know that . My chief wouldn 't allow me to write about my elder brother . But with whom shall I be flying , then ? Who said that you 're allowed to fly ? You said that I can 't fly with him . And if not with him , that means , then with someone else , yes . I do not believe it 's true that you would deny me consent for this . You can be calm , there won 't be any trouble , I 'll sit in the background and make notes . You won 't make notes on this rocket , it 's no easy ship , you 'll be lucky to get air . It 's necessary to decide who I 'll be breathing it with . Which spaceship do I go with ? - This is not a catwalk . Stop it . - Good . All right . You can fly . - With whoever you want . - Thank you . But I am curious what you can then write about this flight . Here you go , the admissions to exams are here . Two people sit an exam tomorrow . I known . Börst and Pirx Do you know them ? Who wouldn 't know Student Börst ? The school 's top student . The math genius who beat the computer , and only forgot the 4th-degree root . Athlete club 's leader of the university . The winner of the national dance competition . The girls ' favourite . So you choose him ? No . Pirx . Student Pirx ! Stand at the starting place . Student Börst ! Professor Fabricius ! Student Börst reporting ! Fabricius professor ! Student Pirx reporting ! Student Pirx ! Are you ready to fly ? What 's up ? Lost your voice ? I 'm ready . Student Börst . Are you ready to fly ? I 'm ready . Do the students declare that they are healthy in body and soul ? We declare . Students ! I appoint you each a pilot for the duration of the flight . The task : You embark on a circumterrestrial orbit with vertical start , you await two RZ-6 types , a direct flight spaceship , you guide them away onto the moon , you make sure that they are at their place of destination there , then you return to the Earth afterwards , with the help of radio - and radar connection RAS newscaster satellite . Into the elevator ! Glória . - Good luck with the flight ! - Thank you . Hello ! I 'm sorry , I 'm busy right now . The data of the manoeuvre . Initial acceleration : 2.2 units . End acceleration : after 83 minutes zero . Newscast : in the third sector The end . The end . Börst flew off already . He 's on orbit somewhere already . Yes ? Why didn 't you fly with him if you 're so keen ? You can calm down , I didn 't come for your mood . My elder brother sent help to you . Why do you hiss ? I don 't like it , if you hiss for me . Do not scream , don 't be loud because the cassette player 's recording everything . 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 - 0 Hooray ! I flew . I flew . I flew . I flew . You think you 're on a pleasure flight ? Automatic management ends . Take over the control of the spaceship . AMU-127 ! AMU-127 ! I 'm taking control of the spaceship ! My second velocity : 7.1 Altitude : 201 km . Acceleration : 1.9 Switch over onto orbit B68 ! Where is orbit B68 ? I could use that autocue now . Hooray ! We are on the orbit ! We are on the orbit ! Hello centre ! AMU-127 here . I 'm halting the driving-gear ! I 'll throw it over . In time ! Weightlessness ensues if we turn off the driving-gear on the parking orbit . You can find it in the physics coursebook , primary school class 5 . I don 't know a lot about physics , but it 's as if I was hearing a suspicious noise . What ? You 're right ! Sure , it 's because we got into the operational radius of RAS What 's that , RAS ? R-A-S : Radio Automatic System . Got it ? Don 't you get it ? A newscaster satellite . This is stupid ! Since the satellites have their own space .. - The driving-gear must have gone wrong then ! - Sure , sure . This happened when I stopped it , right ? After all it 's good you came along , you say such stupid stuff I feel clever beside you . If you 're so clever , then tell me , what 's making that noise ? I don 't know . Listen to me ! Are you not joking with me ? Me ? How would I be joking ? Open your mouth ! Your pocket radio 's making the noise ! My radio is out of order . I 've gone mad , already my head rumbles ! I hear it , but I didn 't go mad . Look ! That 's impossible ! What ? An alien spaceship can 't be in this sector according to the data of the manoeuvre . AMU-127 calling Earth . AMU-127 calling Earth . AMU-127 speaking . An unknown spaceship is ahead of me . Request instruction . What kind of alien spaceship ? What 's that in space ? Are you dreaming ? What are you staring at ? Do something already . Fine , but what should I do ? They said that I 'm dreaming . - Börst must already .. - Börst , I know , spread all over half the world already . But look , am I dreaming ? It is not possible to absorb this with a sound mind . AMU-126 here , Student Börst reporting ! My situation it prescribed : 12-27-33 Alien spaceship near me . Its coordinates , measured by me : 13.0072 sinus farbem Its average distance : A thousand tracking units . I request instruction ! Earth base 's instruction to AMU-126 and AMU-127 Earth base 's instruction to AMU-126 and AMU-127 To explore the alien spaceship . They said before that there 's nothing there ! AMU-127 to Earth . Message understood . I measure the coordinates of the alien spaceship immediately , and then explore . RZ-6 to AMU-127 . RZ-6 to AMU-127 . This is crazy . AMU-127 to RZ-6 . Switch over onto an other orbit ! RZ-6 to AMU-127 . RZ-6 to AMU-127 . I request radio management ! AMU-127 to RZ-6 . Switch over onto an other orbit ! - I hang myself promptly . - I don 't want you to do that . - Do you fear for my life ? - I wouldn 't like you to be disappointed . - Disappointed ? If you hung yourself here you wouldn 't be able to choke , because there isn 't enough gravity . I know this . You 're right , it 's only possible to go mad here . AMU-127 to RZ-6 . Switch over onto an other orbit ! Oh , my God , I shouldn 't push that button ! AMU-127 to RZ-6 . Switch to a parallel route with 0.01 briefings Finally you 've come to your senses ! This could only happen to you ! Imagine your friends laughing when they read my article . The legend of the button pushed in the wrong direction . - You want to write that ? - Of course I 'll write it . - This the largest experience of my life - I 'm not sure you 'll get home alive . I am not afraid already because you found the button , right ? Keep quiet .. you journalist ! Professor Sir , I 'm accelerating ! All my velocity : 3200 . The distance isn 't decreasing . I accelerate longer . 4880 . Professor , I accelerate uselessly , the distance isn 't decreasing , but increasing . It increased from 1000 units to 1200 units . AMU-126 to Earth . If I slow down , the distance decreases . I instruct AMU-126 and AMU-127 , continue the exploration ! The alien spaceship modified his direction and is going toward the moon Following him according to paragraph B33 is impossible for me . I exempt you from paragraph B33 and I instruct you to follow the alien spaceship in the direction of the moon . Considering of the gravity of the moon , don 't let an accident happen . Good , good , if only I had known what paragraph B33 is . I believe it the concerns the moon 's attractiveness , if my logic does not lie . You know a lot . Look ! What is it ? That was bad enough ! - What are you frightened of ? - The lid of the fuse-box came off . Those 4 main cables are not insulated , that is , the box was the insulation . So ? You don 't need to touch it . Fine . Things like this must not happen . The whole ship may disintegrate the same way if the fuse-box falls apart so easily . Look ! Here 's the Moon . How beautiful . As if human foot would never have trampled on it . Beautiful . - Oh my God ! - What happened ? Don 't you see ? The help flew out of your hand . It may break the circuit if it bumps into it . It is not necessary to think of a tragedy immediately . - I told you . - And now what next ? I hope it turns back on automatically , and throws it down . We 'd need to intervene . Something like a long tool . A fishing rod . A fishing rod on a spaceship ? Go on then , sort it out . I can 't now , we are accelerating . I 'd stick up onto the wall , like a family picture . - We 're accelerating because the engines are working ? - Because of that . Stop them . Look Glória . Space flight is not just like driving . We must reach this unknown spaceship on a suitable moon orbit . We have to accelerate till we reach a clearly defined velocity . And when we reach that the computer turns off the accelerating engines . - Oh , my God ! - What 's wrong now ? The computer cannot turn off the main driving-gear because of the broken circuit . This is a near catastrophe ! Even without this , there was a great risk of falling down to the moon . It 's worse now . Fabricius warned us . Why don 't the engines stop if there is a broken circuit ? They are on an other electronic circuit . It is necessary to do something ! Where you going ? Do you want to leave ? I 'll try to intervene . Wow that 's great ! Can I float ? I 'll be glad if I can sit back down . Tell me , Pirx ! Is eating the equipment an astronaut habit ? No , a journalist habit . Don 't speak with your mouth full ! Wow , but this is exciting ! You feel pretty good considering that we 're freefalling onto the moon . 1800 kilometres until the moon . It is not possible to brake it . But we won 't give up . We need to curve to the side . We did it ! Where is the alien spaceship ? The door ! Pilot Pirx ! It was a good effort . - I 've gone crazy ! - Then we 've both gone crazy . This happens frequently with young persons . - So , in a word , I wasn 't flying ? - No . But everything happened just as if you had been in space . I don 't understand this . But it 's very simple . We were on the Earth all the time . We were sitting in a simulator , where a video recorder played in our experiences . And what about my article then ? You write it . You said you wanted to write about an astronaut exam . And I told you that you can 't fly , but you didn 't believe me . That was the exam , and here is the new astronaut . Student Pirx became an astronaut and not just any kind . Congratulations , son . Congratulations from me too ! And Börst ? He collided with the moon , figuratively speaking . You , the Astronaut Academy 's school-leavers of this year , are together for the last time . We visited the craters of the Moon and Mars with our first spaceships when I was a student . We built the space station on Pluto since then . I hope that you will be the ones , who go beyond the solar system , and drive our spaceships towards distant stars . What you learned here , you shouldn 't regard as definitive and for forever . Our knowledge increases day by day , and it changes . An astronaut has to keep himself steady . But let us not talk about the learning now . Have fun , feel good . Cheers ! Look , how do you like that ? I do not like naturalist laser videos . Let 's go on ! Well .. 4 years . We spent 4 years together . We can 't connect your bed to the power supply . The cable sparked even more than Fabricius 's eye . It was nothing to when we put a mouse in your spacesuit on your first flight , remember ? How you squeaked . What do you think about my younger sister ? She looks better than she does in a spacesuit . Thanks . Well guys , what kind of vehicle did I get you on ? I had to beg my uncle for us to be allowed to organize our banquet on this spaceship . This not a spaceship , this is a luxury holiday resort . Restaurant , wine cellar , swimming pool . And artificial Sun . Tell me , Glória , doesn 't it disturb you that Pirx gazes at you like a calf at a new gate ? This is a speciality . Trotters cooked in the loaf . And how beautiful the staff are . Tell me , miss , are you not a robot by chance ? No . The speciality of transgalactic company is guaranteed service without robots . I wouldn 't like to have to turn her screws instead of the lady 's head . What an opinion she 'll have of us ! Maybe she 'll think she 's got a screw loose in her head . Objection ! Professor Marinus even let me in to the exam , my brilliance was so obvious . It is genius , really , if somebody passes with so little knowledge . Take note , the whole of space flight is in my little finger . Yeah ! You have so much knowledge , it fits in your little finger ! What is it ? You 're drunk ! Don 't you feel it ? We 'll drink to keep up with it . As if the spaceship had braked suddenly . It 's not possible to feel that on these most modern spaceships . This isn 't a trainee spaceship now . How would Professor Fabricius say it ? Do you know , Student Astronaut Pirx , son .. whether we could feel braking on a luxury spaceship like this ? Don 't be silly , this not a joke . Show proper respect for the professor , answer the question . You don 't understand that this is a serious matter . Serious matter , sure , so serious . Why don 't we feel it ? I feel it . Of course , son , you feel yourself topple when you 're dizzy , but is that braking ? Let he who has space in his head not want to go into space , son . Fly about in your empty head , son . Maybe there 's trouble , yes . Come on ! No trouble can happen to this spaceship . It stopped suddenly ! Don 't be silly , what makes you think that ? I feel it , a bend in the plane of the longitudinal axis . Sure , he feels it . In the cybernetic age , when a plain man has a multitude of instruments at his disposal , he needs nothing , he feels the decrease of velocity with his ear . You can not feel this , Student Astronaut Pirx . Why can 't he feel it , Matters son ? Why , Matters , tell me ! Because the ship 's artificial gravity equalises velocity changes , Prof. Sir . The passenger feels neither the acceleration , nor the deceleration .. Yes , in normal circumstances . Now you 've offended him . Show some sensitivity . Who am I ? Glória . Wrong . I am an interstellar being from Sirius . I twist the nose of the spaceship now . Don 't joke about this . This is not a prank . I 'm sorry ! I didn 't want to hurt you . I 'm going to the palm garden . Won 't you come with me ? Let 's go . Glória . Do you feel it ? What ? Everything shook around you . Pirx . You 're courting me . And with what poetic words ! It is possible to perceive everything only here . From delicate little signs , whiffles . Yes . We sense it from delicate little signs .. The bend in the plane of the longitudinal axis . Something may have happened They just do not inform the passengers about it . Entry restricted to star staff . I request your identification number ! TITAN here , TITAN here ! Let the oxygen out into space .. and the fire will cease . TITAN here , TITAN here ! Let the oxygen out into space and the fire will cease . Albatross here , Albatross here ! We let out the oxygen already ... but we cannot disable the automatic oxygen generator owing to the explosion . It is not possible to stop the fire because of this . Albatross here , Albatross here ! The split in the ship 's hull-seam is getting longer . It 's reaching the insulator walls . The third degree radiation contamination is increasing on the deck . We can no longer control the reactor . We may help yet if we have a little luck . Luna centre to Albatross . Carry on . Kobold-6 is approaching you from sector 64 . TITAN from sector 67 ... Ballistic from sector 44 . Albatross-4 to all , Albatross-4 to all ! We cannot overcome the orbit difference ... the ribs have failed , the air is leaking , the solution has flooded the engine room . Full drive ! TITAN to Albatross-4 . Carry on . We are approaching you on full drive . We are on the border of your sector , we will arrive shortly . Carry on , carry on , over ! Attention ! Acceleration : 8 units What 's that ? Kobold-6 to all assisting Albatross . Kobold-6 to all assisting Albatross . I have entered Albatross ' sector . TITAN to Kobold-6 ! Leave that sector , because we are on an identical orbit , we will collide . We have reached the Albatross already . We start rescue operations immediately . Luna centre to TITAN . Luna centre to TITAN . In consideration of your passengers safety , I call upon you , stop ! Kobold-6 , continue the approach to Albatross ! Have we stopped ? No commander , it would be necessary to brake very strongly . TITAN to Luna centre . I cannot stop because my velocity is too great . Change direction , then . Change direction , then . Leave the Albatross ' sector . Give free access to Kobold . Attention , half-turn ! What could have caused this terrible catastrophe ? Maybe the reactor cooling system . That cursed reactor always fails . It 's important that we let the Kobold arrive in time . These are the final minutes . Who are you ? I am a graduate astronaut candidate . And how did you manage to get in here ? With the mirror trick ? I was an astronaut candidate too . Kobold here , Kobold here ! Calling Luna centre , I cannot direct my spaceship , my reactor overloaded . I cannot approach the Albatross . Luna centre calling TITAN Luna centre calling TITAN I alter the former command . Return onto your previous orbit . Try to save the crew of the Albatross . This was bad enough . Stop reactor 1 ! Reactor 2 and 3 : orbit modification . 12 , 33 , 49 We 've lost valuable minutes already , unfortunately . TITAN to Albatross Abandon ship ! We 'll find you ! Leave the ship ! Albatross to TITAN . We 've lost the control deck . We 're moving over into the airlock . Additional radio connection ceases , we 're moving over into the airlock . We 've lost the control deck . Radio contact ends . TITAN to Albatross . Message received , we are preparing ourselves for the rescue . Alert ! Pods 1 , 3 and 7 prepare for blastoff . Crew them according to the 72nd command . Full readiness ! Commander ? Pod 7 approaching ! Give me a status report ! We 've reached the Albatross . Because the ship 's hull is glowing , the situation is critical . The airlock door is closed . The crew nowhere to be seen . We did not think of this . The automatics of the airlock mechanism may have been damaged . They are trapped there in a metal box that 's being heated up . Irrecoverable . - Commander ? - Yes ! Is there a manual module on the spaceship ? No , this is not a trainee spaceship . I could solve it that way , though . How ? I would approach it , and I would cut the airlock door out with a laser pistol . Commander , there is an apparatus like that on the spaceship . The cook 's . He makes spacewalks with it secretly . Suit up ! Find the manual module . Take over command . We approach the Albatross maximally . Orbit modification : 9 , 11 , 23 . Entry restricted to star staff . I request your identification number ! Commander of pod 4 reporting . The rescue action succeeded . The crew of the Albatross and Pirx are on the pod decks . You see Glória , this was the real diploma exam .
