 Hello , Pirx ! PIRX 'S ADVENTURES Based on Stanislaw Lem 's works written by : Cast : Part 3 . Weekend on Mars Hello , Pirx ! Come in ! Has the famous hero come to me ? The scrambled egg eater ? How 's it on the Earth ? Did somebody arrive ? - Why do you not answer ? - Do you have a guest ? You could say that . - Then I won 't disturb you . - You 're not disturbing me , stay ! You know , I would have called you many times already , but ... the TV people , the journalists ... And you thought a woman journalist would make a nice change ? - I 'd like to ask something . - Yes ? I 'll come back later , I won 't disturb you . Come in . Here you go , here 's my guest . Please , turn it off ! You jealous space Othello . - I thought ... - What did you think ? - I wanted to say ... - You only wanted to ? - I came to ask ... - What ? What are you doing this weekend ? It depends . - Because I ... - Because you ... - If you ... - If I ... - Then we . - Then we . I see , wait . Switch on channel four . This is Telinform , the robot information service . Our weekend offers . Are you tired , nervous ? Spend time among the asteroids . Soothe your nerves on the planet of musical crystals . Cosmic crystal vibrations enfold and caress your body with invisible fingers . Do you want adventure ? Take an odyssey around Jupiter 's moons . Spend 12 days on 12 moons of Jupiter . You can travel spacesuit-free , protected in an invisible oxygen tent on deck . Are you moody , sad ? Come to Mercury . A few minutes among the laughing nickel spheres will make you merry . Are you lonely , sorrowful ? Come to Venus . Here you 'll find complete compassion . The whispering plants will whisper back your heartbeat . Are you a timid lover ? Come to Mars . The furniture declares your love for you . The dreamy Mars Crater Hotel is open . Floating beds , furniture that responds to your every request , anti-gravitation beaches and beam baths await you . What 's this ? - Nice . - Beautiful . What is it ? Nothing . Why don 't you put down those bags ? - Everything 's like a fairytale . - Yes , like a fairytale . Once upon a time ... Excuse me . You forgot to hand in your identification card . I 'm sorry . - Here you are . - The key to the space suit safe . Thanks . Aren 't there any curtains ? Window here , window there , it 's draughty . I don 't understand . If this were an aquarium , and we were goldfish , then I wouldn 't object . Nobody can see in . The hotel 's made of glass , but there 's technical magic . Don 't worry , nobody outside can see in . Thank you . Nobody sees in . - Oh , Gl칩ria ! - What a big sigh ! As the great galactic poet , Konr치d wrote : I thirsted for a little calm . Let 's drink it . I didn 't know that you read poetry . I know the second line . I wanted to see you with my hungry eye . I remember the third line though . A sleepy daze was sought . Our dear guests ! We saved it as a surprise , but it may cause misunderstanding ... your room plays the role of a maid , robotically . If you desire anything , just say so and the room will provide it immediately . We 've experienced it already . We do everything to make our dear guests feel as if they 're in a fairytale . Like in a fairytale . Wonderful . Tell me , how it is possible to turn off this equipment ? To turn it off ? There 's no way . Thank you . I think I 'll take a bath . Dry yourself . 22 22 22 + 0.5 22.5 + 0.5 = 23 + 0.5 + 0.5 = 24 22 - 122 - 22 - 222 - 322 - 422 - 522 - 622 - 722 + 0.5 We apologise to our dear guests for the disturbance ! Captain Pirx , will you accept a videophone call from Marsbase ? Of course . We apologise for disturbing your relaxation ! Allow me to present Professor Ignatov , geologist , Major Vargas , and we 're waiting for the appearance of McCork , robot constructor . I am Captain Ahaniel , engineer and the head of Marsbase security department . I 've been forced to order a red alert , 10 minutes ago in X / 17 sector . Serious danger threatens us ... to avoid which I would need your assistance . I am at your service . And are you Pilot Pirx ? Of course he is . Thank you . Let 's look at the facts . A mine collapsed on the edge of sector X / 17 and some working robots were damaged . One of them to managed to get up to the surface , but its reaction to injury caused it .. but let 's not start in the middle of the events . The problem became apparent when , after the accident , the energy supply and telephone connection were disrupted in the area . Excuse me , wait a second . Call the hospital again . We discovered at midnight , that what caused the network breakdown and the problem with the phone line , was that the cables were cut with a laser beam . The repair team who started to repair the cable , were attacked with a laser after 3am , they were hit and their rover caught fire . The driver and one of the staff are dead . The other one is known to have escaped and hidden in the desert . I am a geologist , I know this sector . Rocky , chasmy ground , with enormous craters and splittings . I am McCork , a robot constructor . He managed to get back to the base , but he ran almost 40 kilometres in a space suit , using up his entire air supply , got anoxia , and is now unconscious . I believe you already know who cut the cable , and attacked the rover ... it was the escaped robot . I would ask some questions as a robot constructor : What type was the escaped robot ? Setaur . And where was it wounded ? We assume that the damage was to its brain . And what kind of consequences might this injury have ? What is your opinion , McCork ? Well , there really is big trouble now . The setaurs are heavily armoured , owing to the danger of workplace collapse . Because of this they are of massive construction with thick armour , yes . They are used in mines to break and chop up heavy material . So this type was equipped with a mining laser , powered by a small atomic pile . If they get injured in the brain-centre , this destructive tendency may turn general ... and the robot is capable of incredible destruction . It is necessary to destroy it immediately . I ask for your help in this . I think this isn 't simple . There 's no kind of projectile that can penetrate the robot 's armour . It can reach a velocity of 100 km / h , and can change direction quickly . The terrain makes our problem harder , because it can hide itself and ambush . With what kind of weapons is it possible to destroy it ? Only with a laser . We have special mine lasers , with which we may be able to destroy it . Isn 't it possible to destroy the robot from a spacecraft ? Maybe Pilot Pirx can answer that . From a spacecraft in no way , maybe with a spacecraft . Theoretically a medium power ship could certainly destroy a setaur , if the robot got under its exhaust . It would be necessary to send the ship above the robot , but such a small target could always escape . I 'd suggest a rover , armoured of course . Mars is a peaceful tourist centre , there aren 't any tactical devices . We have a special mining rover with a steel shell . Against the robot 's mine laser even an armoured rover is in an exposed situation . So we need to be very cautious . Does this mean you 're willing .. ? I am , yes . Sure , me too . Of course I am too . Thank you . Please come to Marsbase so we can talk over any other issues . A moment , Captain Sir . I am a woman journalist , if you don 't have any objection to that .. ? You can 't join in the action , of course , but you may come to the base , with care . But please , in secret ! I would not like a panic among the tourists . Thank you . Control tower two here ! Control tower two here ! The setaur is moving south according to the sensors . Helicopter KX here ! We saw it 12 minutes ago . It fired at us ! We have not seen it since then . Keep looking for it . Attention helicopter fleet ! Attention helicopter fleet ! Keep looking for the setaur ! This is the centre of the action . We are in contact with all of the participants and an observer . Do you have a connection with the Earth ? I would like to contact my paper ... Yes , but we 'd prefer not . We need to keep our lines clear until after the action . Calling rover 4 / 2 ! 4 / 2 reporting ! What 's up ? At the moment , nothing . It can disappear in this stone jungle . - It 's nothing by comparison . - We would notice it if it attacked . But then it 's too late . - So you think the fight will be unequal ? - If there 's a fight at all . It could cut through our car like a knife through butter . It springs out from behind a rock and we 're helpless . In this the shaking we can 't use the laser . We can 't take aim . The setaur won 't wait for us to take aim . It doesn 't need to aim . It has a laser eye between its two optical eyes . It moves together with the optical organs Does that mean it immediately knows to shoot at what it sees ? Yes . There it is ! Half-turn left ! Stop ! - Azimuth ? - 45-8 Azimuth : 45-8 Attention ! Fire ! Move ahead carefully . Stop ! Instead of the robot , it 's crystal ore . That 's something . We 'll keep looking for it . Move ahead . We should have realised the robot 's too clever to leave itself open like that . So it behaves as if it was a reasonable being , a living being ? Living beings behave more expediently , its opportunities are unlimited , it may wander freely ... it doesn 't need fuel , oxygen , sleep , rest ... It 's so independent that I 'm dismayed as an engineer , we made something so perfect . Don 't just be so proud of it . Why did a mine worker robot need free will to do its job ? You engineers overdesign everything . - Don 't be irritated . - But I am irritated . This misfortune happened because of that . Some people died already , and who knows who 'll be next ? I have a family . You volunteered , as far as I 'm aware . The need for overdesign is unavoidable in the present state of technical development . It 's required for events which cannot be foreseen . Here you go , the event which cannot be foreseen is here . Where did the girl go ? She was here before . She asked , and went out . Why did you let her out ? Gl칩ria , I prohibited you to leave the base ! That robot won 't come here . We can 't know what it 's going to do . I let you come here , but it means you must accept taking instructions from me . Do you understand ? - I see ! I see ! - I 'm sorry that I was shouting but I was obliged , that ... We were sent here to the centre , it 's already over the hedge and ditch too , eh ? We are helpless . The first to shoot it gets shot anyway . - Then for us it is over . - I 'm not sure about that . Indeed , it would be better if it shoots first . Why , I don 't understand ? You 'll understand it then . Accelerate . Hello ? Hello , Marsbase ! Marsbase , Gl칩ria here ! If you can hear me , I want to say I 'm not scared . I 'm approaching the building carefully . But I want to take a photograph of the robot . Why did we bring these bottles ? What 's in them ? Ammonia , chlorine , coal hydrogen . But this is life-threatening ! I was a student recently , but I was enthusiastic about the exciting things . Be glad that you can experience this ... It would be better if you looked after your health ! It is the cursed shower ! I 'm scared of these bottles . Because if the robot fires at us and they burst ... then anyway it won 't matter ... - Why ? Because we won 't be able to put them in place . We roll them there then . - I 'm afraid of something else . - Right , you admit it ? Sure , son . Not the setaur , but the cars , see ? They could easily fire at us if we come out suddenly from behind a rock . We need to make contact with them . We 've entered the danger zone . Towards twenty . For the present , nothing . We 're starting to get dispersed . We 've got stuck ! Rev up the right side . Now the left side ! Try it backward . Now forward ! It 's got stuck again ! A standing target is easy to shoot . We wander the neighbourhood and the robot shoots the base . Sure , it shot off the aerials . It was a mistake that there isn 't an armed man in the base . What could we do ? They don 't have enough lasers . It can 't shoot the building to pieces . Stop ! Total silence ! We 've been left alone . Maybe it 's been found . They 're not with us any more but they 're dealing with the robot . Attention ! Explosions ! Direction : 47.8 Full forward thrust ! Fine , fine , this is not a spaceship . Keep the direction . - Student ? - Yes - McCork ? - Yes I say if we are hit , you open the door . Driver , reduce speed . Direction : the top of the hill A rover . The setaur may be near here . It 's madness to show ourselves here ! We should hide in a trench . Where could the others be ? Try to contact it again . Setaur-1 , setaur-2 to me ! Aim : 72-80 Fire ! Stop ! Measure it . Add azimuth ! Hurry up ! Contaminated viscose discolouration . Transept minings with an ambulance slide . What 's the azimuth ? Azimuth : 39.9 40.01 40.02 It 's changing place . Setaur-1 , setaur-2 Setaur-1 , setaur-2 In front of us ! Fire ! I hit it . You asked for it ! Back ! Take cover ! I set it off ! We almost burned . This is near suicidal ! Do you see the rock behind us on the screen ? Try to get into its cover . At least 30 metres open ground to go . Stop ! We 'll get out . We 'll go for a little exploration . On foot , because the rover is a big target for the setaur You go first ? Student ? Yes . Give one of the bottles to me . McCork ? McCork ? - Yes . I thought you were asleep . Look for contact with the others , in case we get ourselves shot . - Roger that . - Student ? - Yes . - Open the door ! We could have taken that fire . They went towards it , certainly . From 40-50 metres it could have fired at them . It 's not in the sunlight . Maybe it 's between the rocks , in the shade . We 'll try to entice it out . I was always daydreaming about exciting Indian stories like this . McCork , shoot into its ruby laser eye if you see a flash . Nothing . It 's cleverer than I thought . - Or it didn 't notice it . - Maybe . Why didn 't you shoot ? Skulks in a cleft , or shoots laterally . I already doubt whether anything will come of this . Will we try it once more ? Maybe your luck will be better . Go and get the other two bottles ready . What 's up ? We 've made radio contact . The 4 men in the burst car were from building operations . The other car turned back because his laser went wrong . The others went on but saw nothing . I see . And where 's our group ? Our group is 20 miles ahead of us . One of the rocket patrols reported seeing the setaur , and everybody went there , but it was a false alarm . Call the others here . Because the robot is here . We 'll slow it down and learn about it . There 's transmission interference . The others can 't hear us . The problem may be with the transmitter or the location may be blocking us . I see . When they arrive here , who knows whether we 'll manage to talk to them . What are we going to do , sit around idly ? Could we do something else ? If we flooded the basin with rovers , we might attain our goal . Yeah , but at the price of losses . The rover 's too big and slow for a setaur . We could get hit like the other car . We could use some trick to lure the setaur out into the sunlit area . And if we sent down the empty rover ? And we could shoot at the robot from above ? It wouldn 't be wise to blindly run the car out . Yes , the robot would shoot it to pieces , that would show its position . Does it know that the shade gives it a big advantage ? It 's not a martial machine , it doesn 't know tactics . But there is some logic in its craziness . If we could understand this logic . It 's a real mistake to sit here . What are we going to do ? I 'm thinking about it . If I were in the place of the setaur , what would I do ? I would attack . Idle waiting offers no benefit . Then , though ... maybe it 's coming toward us . It could appear any moment . Yes , that occurred to me . That 's what a logician would do . But does it act logically ? Heavy question . We need to test it again . Let 's roll down the other two bottles . Get it ready . Then we 'll see what 's going on . Let 's get going ! McCork ? McCork ? Yes . Didn 't you hear my previous call ? No . We have to use sight then . Something 's blocking us , we may lose contact . - McCork ? - Yes . Didn 't you see anything ? Nothing . Give the bottle to me . Stay here ! I 'll go over to the other rock . I can see the ground better from there . Is the road clear ? Clear . Who is it ? Don 't be silly ! Did you see something ? Nothing ! What did you say ? - Nothing . - What do you mean nothing ? I don 't see anything . This robot is not stupid . God damn it ! It doesn 't want to shoot at a target we put in front of its nose . Maybe it 's gone . What do you mean ? Did it go to take a bath ? We 'll never find it if it enters this stone labyrinth . Listen to me ! First shoot the near bottle , then after 3 seconds the farther one ! Roger that ! Relax , it 's still early . You even come near ! That 's fantastic ! This robot 's puzzled , just like a man . Like a man and a robot constructor . I envy your humour . Bless you ! What did you say ? Take a hot bath . Do you think that would be useful ? For your beauty , sure . I 'm curious what it could think , now it 's injured . - Me ? - No , the robot . Maybe that if somebody shoots at objects , like it does , then perhaps he 's not an enemy , but an ally . Maybe we could use that . Azimuth : 15.3 Fire ! Pirx here , from rover 4 / 2 . Do not shoot ! Do you hear me ? Do not shoot ! Damned walkie-talkie ! I can 't move ! Wait ! Don 't move ! They 're firing at us ! Wait ! Don 't move ! Thank you Captain Pirx ! I hope you feel good about this ! Don 't believe it . He has remorse . Remorse ? Why ? Because of the robot . Let him be sorry for it . The robot ? But it was a damaged machine . A dangerous construction . If it wasn 't brought down , it would kill people . It isn 't that simple . It wanted to protect me . Because they were shooting at you , like they were at it , it drew the conclusion that you might be its ally . These machines are logical constructions . But I am not a logical construction . I am a man . Captain Pirx ? Marsbase health service has established that you 've sneezed many times . Me ? It 's nothing , only a little cold . Is a cold on Mars a little thing ? Do you know what you 're saying ? Bless you ! Thank you . Disease isolation ward
