 Ummo 206 calling Earth . Reply please Contact made Kirian Zellor , surgeon , killed in war action Maleva Kerstein , doctor of biochemistry , killed in automobile accident Both persons have required characteristics and have been incarnated by our envoy They will contact you Remember success of mission depends on exploiting to the full the superstitions prevalent among the earth creatures The first objective is Blaustat Fairgrounds This is the world we have to conquer Its inhabitants are weak , slaves to their own passions and uncertainties Couldn 't we use atom bombs ? Of course , we could even explode their nuclear arsenal But we need the planet intact . How much time do we have ? Very little - our planet is now nearly at freezing point and we still haven 't figured out yet how to create an artificial sun Conditions of life here are similar to those on Ummo We must destroy or dominate the human race , so that our race may colonize this planet You think we 'll succeed ? We must - there are now many of our group here working on different objectives Their success or failure depends on us These are the remains of the count , Janos de Mierhoff , the gruesome vampire who terrorized the people of the mystical regions of Transylvania The only way to destroy him was to plunge a wooden stake into his heart His magic hypnotic power died with him It was inherited only by those like myself , descendants of people who were attacked and contaminated by the vampire For a few coins I shall hypnotize you and read your future in your unseeing eye Love , passion , jealousy Remember what I told you The passions and weaknesses from which our race is immune are the very ones to which the earth creatures are prey - love and sex Have no fear , my beautiful assistant is also a qualified nurse Ask him to tell your fortune - promise to tell his , tonight Who will be the first to try ? Don 't worry , she 'll take care of you . Ah here 's someone - a lady who is not afraid to know the truth . Beautiful women are like powerful magnets - we shall use them to attract scientists , generals , statesmen and their vital secrets So far , we 've nothing to go on - no fingerprints , no known enemies . Looks like the work of a ghost . Let 's start by ruling out ghosts . What about the gelatin substance found on the stake ? We sent it and the victim 's clothing to the main laboratory . And ? Well , in a few days we 'll have some results . There 's one detail that intrigues me - the absence of a skeleton exhibited by Farsi at his show Remember the legend ? the only way to revive a vampire is to withdraw the stake from its heart As far as I 'm concerned , that skeleton is no more than a showman 's gimmick there must be a logical reason for its disappearance You know in this part of the country ... As you can see , Henry I 'm completely snowed under with paperwork why don 't you see what you can dig up for me Right sir . But don 't bring any vampires into this office . Why not ? I 'm anemic already . Oh We shall call her Elona . The first of a group of beautiful women who shall blindly obey my orders The Prince of Darkness sleeps soundly - excellent material for our research Do you think human beings may become contaminated if his blood is injected into their veins ? We 'll soon find out Good afternoon . Good afternoon . Could you help me a moment ? I 'd like to sir , but its nearly closing time I 'm Inspector Tobermann , criminal investigations In what way can I help ? Do you have anything written by Professor Ulrich Von Faranchsalen ? That 's a coincidence . No one has asked for one of his books in years , and you 're the second person to ask in only the last couple of hours Can you describe the other person to me ? It was really a couple - a tall good looking man and a very beautiful girl . The man was grey haired and distinguished and the girl was strange . She had a very hard look in her eye . Thanks Go upstairs - that 's where we have the archive section and then ask for Carl . He 'll be glad to help you find it . Thank you very much . This way gentlemen Incision penetrating the endocardium , causing damage to the micro valve . I 'd call that a stab in the heart I have something else to show you Its a sample of the gelatin substance found on the victims clothing . Its composed of living cells that I can 't identify . We 'll have to send it to the main laboratory for a more exhaustive analysis . All right , as quickly as possible This may be the break we 've been hoping for . Don 't jump to conclusions , Henry . Apart from this gelatin , can you give me one shred of concrete evidence that ties in this murder with that of the showman at the fairground ? Yes . Anthology of the Monsters by Professor Ulrich Von Faranchsalen Its a study of various man-made monsters The living mummy , reputed to be somewhere in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt Nosferatu , the medieval vampire in the remote regions of Transylvania The Golem , a giant of clay created in the ghetto of Prague The missing pages , thanks , apparently these pages refer to an artificial human being created by Faranchsalen himself Listen to the ending " I wish to create a perfect human being , selecting the best organs from different corpses . but God punished me for my presumption and fate caused me to insert the brain of a murderer into the human being which I believed perfect Today I shall blow up the castle and bury myself with this terrible monster . May god have mercy on my soul . " Am I boring you Eva ? Not at all , I find it fascinating Another nightmare creature - the werewolf Werewolf ? Yes , you see it was influenced by the full moon . In order to release him from this curse , its necessary to shoot a silver bullet into his heart . Werewolf ... Something you remember ? I think so - I think when I was a child , my grandmother or nurse , I don 't remember which , told me about the werewolf . He 's a man who is transformed into a wolf under the influence of a full moon . I 'm sure there 's another word to describe it . Lycanthropy ? That 's it - lycanthropy My dear , that 's no more than a country superstition . Yes , but Shh .. The flowers are withered , but the body of Waldemar the werewolf is uncorrupted , waiting to receive life A silver bullet in his heart only immobilized him , left him seemingly dead . His death is permanent only if the bullet is fired by a woman who loves him enough to die for him . Elona , you will give him the injection of the serum which will prevent him from being transformed into a werewolf . You will be fully responsible for him . No human power can withstand the contagion of the vampire . Or the mummy , a murderer who obeys only the cabals of Egypt . Or the Franchsalen monster We shall make thousands of them , and turn them loose on the races of this planet . I experienced a strange sensation , when I touched Waldemar 's body . The same thing I felt when I was together with Fansa Is he a man or a monster ? Both - the eternal dilemma of mankind Good and evil - the paradox . Looks like the work of a wild animal Four woman have vanished , and two murders in a peaceful town where nothing ever happens Everyone expects results from us , and most of all , the Mayor Come in New report from the laboratory , sir Thank you Incredible . Scientists say that can 't identify the gelatin substance after applying every test known to modern science . Its molecular structure is unlike anything they have ever seen . I 've got a hunch about this Give me a free hand to carry out my own investigation , oh just for a few days Go ahead Henry , try to find something concrete And good luck I like Hilda 's parties , don 't you ? Yes , I adore them Ah , thank you Don 't spoil it , please . I 'm sorry . You want me to take you home ? Oh , I 've left my shawl back there . I 'll get it No Inspector , Trudy was a good girl . All the customers liked her There was a full moon last night I beg your pardon ? Nothing . Anything else ? There 's an old man who comes in here every night . They say he 's bought the old monastery . Dr Varnoff . Oh , there he is Right . Thank you Scotch and water Right sir A harmless looking apparatus - its used to make the guilty confess to drag secrets from spies Ultrasonic waves ! Sounds so acute , they drill into the brain On this occasion we shall use it as a punishment The escape of Waldemar could have endangered our plans I trust this will be an example . Stop it ! Stop it ! Pity is a weakness . Do not forget it . Contact made The tomb of Tao Tet the mummy has now been located . Rocky side of Jehd-al-kari , high podium of king Amon Ra The reflection of light in the solid gold mirror transmits orders to the mummy Come in , Martha Oh , I was expecting a girlfriend - I thought it was her My name is Henry Tobermann , I 'm from the city police department I 'd like to question you about what happened last night . Come up please . Excuse me just a moment Henry Tobermann Sit down , please So , you don 't remember me , do you ? I 'm afraid I ... You graduated three years ahead of me Oh , of course ! But you were .. I mean ... . I know , don 't be afraid to say it . I was a skinny little girl with freckles and you were captain of the football team . Oh that description doesn 't fit you any longer . But to get back to business About last night I really don 't expect you to believe me , your colleges didn 't I have a very open mind about this subject Is there any further information you can tell me - anything at all ? Not about last night , but my father , Judge Sternberg , had an incredible experience when he was young . Yes He personally knew a werewolf . Personally knew ? I 'd like very much to speak to your father . Come with us . No , no ! Why not ? Come on No , no ... taboo Dr Varnoff is directing his movements As you see , sir , that 's merely the official account of the attack on your daughter But there was a full moon that night , and your daughter told me you actually knew a werewolf . Yes , that 's correct . It was an incredible experience Something the mind refuses to accept . But it happened My wife . She died seven years ago . Waldemar Daninsky was in love with the woman who was later to become my wife Yes , he was a normal man , like you ... . or I. A man of good family , cultivated , intelligent , until God knows why , he was afflicted with this horrible curse He was transformed into a werewolf on the nights of the full moon It is unthinkable that such horrors should be repeated Yes , I 'll help you ... all that I can He was able to hypnotize you There is one danger we must guard against We are occupying the bodies of earth people , creatures of a planet much younger than ours Their feelings and emotions are very strong They are impulsive and unpredictable We must be constantly on our guard . We must always maintain our own personalities Our superior minds must at all times be in complete control It was just a moment of weakness In this world , wars have been lost and empires destroyed through moments of weakness The mummy is our ideal . His heart is dried up It doesn 't feel , it doesn 't live , it doesn 't beat He 's a corpse who walks and obeys Tomorrow I shall go to see the other ideal creature , the being created by Faranchsalen He too has no heart , blood , feeling , only a brain that obeys His power is electricity But we shall make him even more powerful with our atomic sources of energy I shall take Waldemar with me You and Kirian can look after things here Maleva ... Maleva ! Kirian ... Kirian ! Well ? I just got the lab report on the girl who was murdered near the nightclub So ? The strands of hair that we found under her fingernails weren 't human . They came from some kind of animal Yes , well that about clinches it We will head for Blaustat immediately There 's something there I 've got to check . Ilsa will go with us . I don 't want to leave her here alone . She can stay at superintendent Gluck 's Good , she 'll be safe there ? She will . Untie him . Merely a test . We shall soon find out if he obeys orders . No ! As I said , that was merely a test . The results couldn 't have been better . Elona , it will soon be the full moon . Give Waldemar his injections and make it a double dose . Yes That was a cruel test Cruel ? In our dying world no one is cruel , nor unjust We 're struggling for survival , we kill or we die . There 's no other choice I 'm afraid that the system of reincarnating the beings of this planet will create problems Make us susceptible to psychic changes Why are you helping me ? I ... I really don 't know I think ... . because I 'm a woman . But you 're a slave of Varnoff I 'm not anymore a slave Let 's go now Don 't be afraid I 'm not here to stop you Go ! Go on ! Yes sir ? Vodka There you are , sir Give me another The other night , when I held you in my arms , I felt a strange sensation Something , indefinite ... haunting I know what you mean - well , as if we 'd loved each other previously Its like something half forgotten Like a far away memory , returning again .. isn 't it ? Perhaps its the passion , the weakness , Dr Varnoff warned us about No ! Kirian ! Kirian ! Hello What ? Where ? Now ? Stay there - I 'll be right over . Now look you , why aren 't you at Gluck 's house ? I 'm tired of being locked up like a prisoner . What 's going on ? My father won 't tell me anything Your father has a very good reason . We don 't want you staying here alone . I 'm not alone now , am I ? Oh , why do you think I called you ? You little minx . This is not intended as a punishment , although you might well deserve one You allowed Elona and Waldemar to escape We 'll never accomplish our mission if you act irrationally , if you let yourself be dominated by emotion Do you understand why I must do this to you ? Yes . I 'm a woman with a woman 's intuition . You 'll have to do it for the same reason you killed Kirian - you were jealous of him ! That 's why you want me to forget him ! You yourself have become contaminated . You also love . Can you forget ? You 'd better get dressed . Superintendent Gluck . Oh , superintendent No no no ... she 's all right She 's at her own house How do I know ? Well , ( you 'd better get up and get dressed ) No , she 's all right chief . ( get dressed ) I assume full responsibility . Get dressed ! No , chief , no , no ... I haven 't been drinking One other thing - I found out last night that some strange foreigner bought the monastery Yes sir , that 's right . Dr Varnoff I think we ought to check it out Yes sir . Yes sir . Right away sir . Ilsa ... will you please get dressed ? Don 't you like me without freckles ? With or without freckles , you 're going back to Gluck 's place right now . I found out Sternberg 's address . He 's the district judge You 've decided ? If you 're caught , you 'll be arrested . You know that I know . I 'm cursed . We 've no future . No , there 's none . There 's no future . I can only find peace , if a silver bullet is ... . ... is fired by a woman who loves you enough to die with you Its strange , since I was a small child , I 'd always dreamed that I ... Dr Varnoff ? Please come in . Dr Varnoff is waiting for you . We 're about to receive a visit from one of your people . One of my people ? In a sense . The system of incarnation is not perfect . There 's a flaw somewhere . Something of the alien race remains . A certain sensitivity to physical contact , perhaps an imperceptible reflex to tones of voice , to the expression of the eyes . Something I cannot quite define Do you think of me as an enemy ? No , you 're an individual under my domination , which is quite different from being an enemy . This way . Point 287 Shall I accelerate the reaction ? Yes , do that Point 87 Two cubic centimeters Good afternoon , Inspector Tobermann Good afternoon Dr Varnoff . I think we 've met before . Yes , at the Golden Egg . Forgive me if I don 't receive you personally , but as you can see I 'm extremely busy . I suppose you 're wondering why I 've come here . I know why . And your suspicions are well founded . But your still not quite certain , am I mistaken ? No You seem confused , Inspector Tobermann . Perhaps if you looked at the screen behind you , it would clarify matters Would you believe me if I told you we 'd come from the planet Ummo , some forty light years distant ? It would be presumptuous of us to assume the earth was the only inhabited planet in the universe And what of the legends of monsters ? Vampires , werewolves , the Franchsalen monster , what 's your opinion ? Many fantasies are being transformed into reality by modern science . Transplants of heart and kidney , the cornea . Perhaps in the near future , even the brain . I have no doubt it will soon be possible to create a Franchsalen monster Our race mastered these techniques centuries ago . That 's our mission here - to study the manufacture of monsters who will destroy mankind . Without exposing ourselves to danger Supposing this to be true , why are you exposing yourself to me now ? Because I know the future , including yours Are you curious to know what will happen tonight , Inspector Tobermann ? Mmm You recognize her ? Ilsa ! Varnoff , I ... Positive factor . And now the most interesting point . Observe . You 're not the first individual who has meddled with my plans These bones are all that remain of the other intruders Observe the sleeping bats They will awake , they will fly around you , and when they sense you 're defenseless they will attack your eyes , until nothing remains but two bloody sockets Incredible , isn 't it ? Yes , exactly that Superintendent Gluck , we and all the people of this town are extremely concerned . Not one of these recent murder cases has been solved by your department . Furthermore , this Dr Varnoff ... Mr. Mayor ? One of my best men , Inspector Tobermann , is in charge of these cases and I 'm just expecting a report from him . Gentlemen , I have some information which until now I have concealed for personal reasons . And as you realize , I have more interest in this matter than any of you since it is my daughter who has disappeared . Judge Sternberg , we 're doing everything within our power to find your daughter , assuming her absence isn 't of her own volition . What is this information ? Why haven 't you divulged it ? Because nobody would believe me Mr. Mayor , you recall Waldemar Daninsky ? Well , he 's still alive . I 've seen him and talked to him He has something to do with what is happening at the monastery Mr. Gluck , we haven 't time to waste on legal technicalities . All right - we 'll pay a visit to that monastery , and anybody who wants to come along will obey my orders , is that clearly understood ? Hurry . The full moon is not going to wait Where 's Ilsa ? I don 't know . Maybe in the cellars . Ilsa ! Ilsa ! Ilsa ! Ilsa ! Ilsa ! Are they going to arrest Dr Varnoff ? No comment Ilsa ! Impossible . We 're no longer able to control them Faranchsalen Take up positions surrounding the monastery Dr Varnoff . If you do not leave the monastery immediately , we shall enter by force if necessary Keep back there . Keep back . Watch the exits . Keep back there . We 're trapped . When those two clouds of gas meet Its pointless to try to escape , Dr Varnoff . You must pay the price for failure Have you anything useful to inform us ? Yes . We won 't be able to destroy them . The passion which we believed to be their weakness is what really makes them really strong Stronger perhaps than their nuclear weapons . Can we eliminate these feelings ? Possibly , but then would life be worth living ? We must survive . We shall try other methods . Anything else ? Yes , well I 'm entirely responsible for the failure . Can she be spared ? You are forgetting that Dr Kerstein has ceased to live on earth . While there are men willing to sacrifice themselves for others , nothing will destroy us
