 THE DEATHLESS DEVIL Thank you very much You 're welcome I 'm happy to do anything I can to help your great invention Your words give me strength I believe this Tangait mine will really change the world Professor , I have some good news An American scientist is interested in this invention of yours He 's coming to see me . Either today or tomorrow I 'm happy to hear this - Hello , daddy ! - Hello , my dear - How are you , Mr Yilmaz ? - Fine - Hi to everyone - Where 's Tekin ? Can 't you guess ? Doing this ... You 're such a clown , Bitik . What are you up to today ? My latest trick is omelette with tomatoes and eggs - Daddy , can we go fetch Tekin ? - Of course , dear Quick march ! After you - Those kids get along well - Indeed Professor , you have to go to Ankara today Why ? To get the documents from the Ministry Of course . I 'll leave right away That 's enough now . The excitement 's over Who is he ? Did anyone see what happened ? No , sir . Nothing at all This man was coming from the US to meet me Apparently , someone else knew he was coming But who ... Who could it be ? I don 't know father . But we have to be very careful Listen , son . Once I had a friend named Adil Also known as Copperhead Hmm , I think I heard of him He fought for justice and sought his duty in destroying evil In those days he used to wear this mask and leave this snake as his mark He had no gun . He settled scores with his fists A very interesting guy ... Listen , son ... I must tell you something I 've kept secret for years Tekin I have been a father to you , however , you are not my son How come ? I don 't understand . Yes , your real father was Copperhead I was with him when he died . He left you in my custody So my father was killed An evil man named Doctor Satan killed him Take it . You know what to do Do not stray from the path of justice Goodbye , Mr Tekin One man is responsible for my death That man is Dr. Satan I leave my heritage to my son , Tekin Come in What do you want ? I have an important message for you Gönül , Gönül ... ! ... Answer me ! What 's this all about ? You 've had your last warning Get ready for death . Dr Satan Dr Satan ! Dr Satan ! Please ! Don 't throw me over Why did you kill my father ? I 'll tell you everything ! I know how to make you talk . Speak up ! You murdering rat . Why ? Why did you kill him , answer me . Why ? Speak up , damn you ! Stop , please ! I 'll tell you everything ... I was forced to kill your father . Or they 'd have killed me Murdering rat ... Stop , please ! I 'll tell you everything ... I was forced to kill your father . Or they 'd have killed me What do you say to this ? Got me ... bang to rights I am very sorry Tekin It 's terrible news Who is this Dr Satan ? No-one knows who Dr. Satan is . He uses this remote control device Who is next after Mr Yilmaz ? Professor Dogan My father ! What does he want from him ? To steal his new invention As soon as I take this off , Dr Satan will kill me Nobody can stop him The professor 's life is in danger And nothing can save him Tell us all you know That is all I know You have said too much now you die ... No , Dr Satan ! No ! Tekin , I am assigning you and Bitik on this mission Thank you Me too There 's no time to lose . I wish you luck Come on , Bitik , let 's get to work First , let 's find the professor 's train I 'll wear my Sherlock Holmes costume . We 'll soon find all the clues Now please be careful , Tekin Here is Holmes Bitik . We 're on the case Bitik , get those trucks out of our way Give way , give way ! We 're coming through Why was this trip necessary ? I don 't know , sir . You can ask them later Yes , I 'll do that - Do you mind if I smoke ? - No , of course not It 's all set Good . Then let 's get busy . Prepare the gas Maybe we should close the window - I 'll do it now , Professor - Thank you What 's that smell ? The job is done . Now put on these masks I 'll do it at the next bridge Almost there , Bitik A luggage receipt That 's where the plans must be We 're done here , boys - Who 's that ? - Get him upright Professor , Professor ? Who 's there ? Can I come in ? What do you want ? Is Professor Dogan there ? Come in Hmm , I thought he was in danger No , you see , he 's just asleep - You 're a friend of Mr Dogan ? - Right Won 't you sit down ? My name is Dr Satan This gun is silent . It shoots poisonous needles Get the professor 's documents from his luggage Then we 'll jump off the train . Be quick One false move and you 're dead Where did you put this bag ? Come on , speak up or I 'll kill you Tell us , dammit ! There ... Hurry , get the bag The game 's up ! You 're for it He took the bag and left this snake This is Copperhead 's death mark It must be he who took the Professor 's plans Keep a round the clock watch over the Professor 's house As you order Tekin , I was afraid something had happened to you Where are the documents ? I 'm afraid we lost them for now That 's bad ... Oh , this is my secretary , Miss Ayla - Pleased to meet you - Me too Sherlock Holmes Bitik Sherlock Holmes ? The loss of the bag with documents might cost us dear This Dr Satan is one hell of a monster Daddy , what does he want from us ? Why is he killing all these people ? Greed , my girl , greed Professor , your bag , sir A man delivered it here Along with this envelope . He said it was yours Dear sir ... Your discovery is a matter of pride for the country The powers that be are very impressed What about security ? I took all precautions The control lamp will be set one minute before the plane 's takeof f If there 's any chance , I wouldn 't mind being on board There will be no-one on the plane I 'm pretty sure someone will try to get on that plane No-one knows about this equipment Bitik Holmes will watch over the officer on duty Ayla , is the machine ready ? - Yes , sir - Good If you 'll excuse me , I have some things to do Ready Understood , Bitik Everything 's ready , daddy Good I 'll turn on the monitor so that we can see the plane Now let 's get airborne As you see , I can control the plane from here Watch , I will now make it glide And now let 's bomb these sheds The control devices could be located anywhere So , did you like it , Colonel ? Wonderful With your invention , we really lead the pack I congratulate you Professor Dogan The government will buy your invention Thank you very much But my only interest is in serving my country Daddy , look . A second plane is coming They 're trying to overpower us They mustn 't get the lamp Damn them ! He 's found the lamp This is the work of Dr Satan ! Easy there ... Copperhead ! He took the controller That Copperhead again . We must destroy him ! We can use Bitik You get me , Canko ? Understood Now , I will read you one of my most beautiful poems Let me hear your sweet voice Let me hold your slim waist Let me take my big hat off to show you my face How sweet When will you say yes to me my lovely ? When fish climb trees I climb trees ! Godammit , look at the arse on that ! Now that 's poetry ... Thanks ! Let 's do the injection now What injection ? I had them when I was a kid Shut up The only injection left is a sex injection ! Look out ! Look out ! Here I come ... Look out , Sophia Loren . Here I come , Brigitte Bardot Take this clown away Get the machine ready , Razor It 's all sorted , thanks to Copperhead Yes , my girl , thanks to Copperhead What 's up , Bitik ? Are you ill ? Tell us , Bitik . Have you swallowed a stick ? There is nothing wrong with him Your friend is under my control I sent him to bring you here Dr. Satan ! He 's like a walking bomb I can explode him whenever I want You have to obey me This is murder . You 'll not scare us Your friend 's life is now in my hands Murderer ! Obey ! Stand in front of him so that I can see you Don 't move , professor Don 't try anything stupid Alright , as you wish You have won , Dr Satan Now then , listen to me very carefully Take all your documents with you and walk outside I 'LL CALL THE POLICE What happened , professor ? Nothing . I will do as you say Very well , hurry It 's an emergency We have to shut off the electricity impossible - a total shutdown would be a disaster lt 'll be worse if Dr Satan gets the professor 's plans I 'll try to arrange it . You stay on the phone - Come on , professor , hurry ! - All right I am , I am I said hurry up Let me get my notes and the formulae Alright , I have them now A 30 second shutdown at half past one Hurry up . Walk in front of them Allow me to put on my jacket , Dr. Satan It 's just you that I want Lock your daughter in the room Come on , don 't stop , walk Do as he says , daddy Walk in front of him , professor Now professor , don 't try any tricks Don 't turn round ! Don 't worry , Dr. Satan . I will do exactly what you want Professor , don 't look behind you Alright Why are you looking around ? I was awaiting your orders00 : 26 : 25 : 02,00 : 26 : 27 : 00 , Ah ! What 's this now ... ? The power 's off . Something is afoot Take care , Tekin . It might explode Let 's get it off quickly - But ... ? - We have 30 seconds - A close call - Indeed , professor It 's not over yet , professor Come with me Bring the bag , professor The clock is right Tekin , what 's up ? Are you dead ? Are you all right ? Come on ... Nice try , guy ... Tekin , Tekin ! What can we to do now ? - Look after the professor 's bag ... - I want to come with you Do as I say Alright , off you go then ! Don 't make a peep Oh , God ! We 're almost out of gas I think the tank 's punctured - Find a gas station - OK , boss - Can I help you ? - Fill her up - Look , I think you 've sprung a leak - You mind your own business Quick , let 's get on this tanker - Where did they go ? - In the tanker ... that way - That guy is still stuck to our tail - We 're pulling too much weight - Then dump the load - Sure , boss Done - Kidnapping 's a serious crime - Shut it ! It 's Halil . We 've got the prof Good work . I 'll be there00 : 32 : 13 : 24,00 : 32 : 14 : 19 , OK , chief We 're off Keep an eye on him , right ? Listen to me , I 'll pay you 10 times whatever Dr. Satan pays you I can do nothing as long as this is on me Can 't you take it off ? The death bomb will destroy me If I save you from that ? Then I 'll do anything you want Ok , let 's start work right away Thanks , prof First , step on this plastic Now , the current can 't flow Let 's hang this here Take off your jacket - Now you can take it off - Thanks , professor Oh no ! It 's Dr. Satan ... What can we do now ? Don 't worry . I 'll handle him My pleasure , professor But not mine . What do you want ? To be your friend ... I prefer to speak man to man Not so fast , Dr Satan . I 'm in charge now I see . So you think you 've saved him You are very clever , professor Don 't move ! I am amazed at how clever you are , professor - You will be of great use to me - That 's enough ! As you know very well , no-one can leave this room alive I will no longer be an instrument for your murders Nor shall I assist in your fiendish plans , doctor You cannot escape from here Take this carcass away Stand there Now , let 's talk like two scientists . Did you like my robot ? It 's horrible ! - You 'll soon come to love it - Never ! I use this robot for short distances But with your invention , I can create an army of thousands of robots Then , I will be the ruler of the world ! You are mad , doctor . I 'll not help your fiendish plans You think so , huh ? Seize him , men ! Let me go ! Let me go ! What 's up , Bitik ? I am wiped out I am devastated I am slim as a needle . I am like a blade of grass ... That is to say ... I mean ... I 'm trying to say ... - I want ... - What ? Toast - Move and you 're dead meat ! - That 's horsemeat for me We 've come for the Tangait mine the professor invented - I know where it is - Shut it , babes We know everything even the code of the safe Now tell us where the safe is or you 'll pay the price If you know everything , why ask us ? Come on You 're horrid to me Where is it ? The safe 's down there Go and get the Tangait mine I 'll look after things up here There Don 't ! I 'm ticklish Come on , walk Where is it ? Come on , show it to me Give me the key . Come on now Watch that thing . It might go off It 's done Shall we kill them ? No , don 't ! I don 't want to die Stop . Don 't anyone move We 're getting sick of you , young fellow Give me that mine Come on ! Stop ! Take this to Dr. Satan Now lock me in here . Don 't say a word about this Understood Let 's split ! Come on Get up Tekin . It 's not bed time Open the door ! Let me out ! No ! Stop it ... ! It 's the professor 's girl She can be of use to us . Get her in the car God dammit ! And I don 't have four spares But worst of all , they 've kidnapped Sevgi No way to chase after them now , Mr Tekin Come on , move it ! Look who we found , doc Give it here ... Lovely Daddy My girl , my daughter , my sweet If you harm my daughter , I 'll never help you I always get everything that I want , you know - Well , well ... aren 't you a pretty one - Don 't touch me ! I don 't like being tough . I have special plans for you You leave her alone , you brute ! Don 't worry , professor . I 'll take good care of her Trust me on that Come on , let 's go Daddy , let 's phone someone Is it safe to leave them , Dr. Satan ? Idiot , I know what I 'm doing Hello ... ? Sevgi , is that you ? Where are you now ? Hello , hello - He was cut off , dad - It was a trick I am Dr. Satan If you want to see them alive , don 't get the police involved We can 't go to the police They will use Sevgi to blackmail her father They will force him to make the control lamp I was about to say exactly the same thing ... Only one thing to do Find the doctor 's lair Take the girl away and lock her up Now we wait for Copperhead to come and save her Get on with it OK , chief Daddy ! Leave my daughter alone , you murderers Now , listen to me , professor You should learn to respect me , my dear colleague Here 's the famous detective Bitik Listen , the Professor has a special hidden radio device See if we can get him Ok , let 's get down to work Earphones on ... Let 's tune her in Listen , he 's calling us Sounds just like a whistle I know better than that It 's the professor 's favorite song . Maybe it 's code ? Don 't be silly , Bitik Really , I swear it 's a code Good work there , Bitik How 's your work going , professor ? Not bad , doctor Let me introduce you to my secretary How are you , professor ? Ayla ? You ? - So you were working with them - You seem surprised , professor A female voice . Ah woman ... It 's ... I heard it . It 's Ayla . No need to stutter like that That 's what I was trying to say She is a very talented girl Very talented indeed Obviously . Now nothing surprises me I congratulate you , doctor You should be really proud You have a real nest of gangsters You don 't sound very scientific , professor Can you blame me ? Let 's go , my lovely Now back to work , professor Hi , Tekin ... ! Hi , sweet buns I 'm surprised to see you here Why the big surprise ? I 'm hot and horny You 've come to the right place Dr. Satan 's a smart guy - Copperhead will come here for sure - Right into our trap OK , then . Let 's go and hide I never imagined you 'd be interested in me If things were different we could really have fun together I think I 've found the professor I got a very important clue I 'll have him back here in an hour How 's that ? Let that be my secret . Goodbye , sweetheart You came just in time Let 's split The mark of Copperhead . Let 's get the hell out of here He tricked us They 'll kill us if they see us Don 't you worry My dad 's still inside I 'll get him Go and find Bitik and bring the police You Copperhead ? - I 've come to get you out of here - They still have my daughter She 's already safe Don 't move - Are you OK , professor ? - Yes , but this is hopeless Dr. Satan is coming ! Set me and professor Dogan free right now So nice to meet you again What can I do for you ? You know what I want I like surprise guests I have other plans for you , Copperhead Stay right there It 's glass What can we do now ? Bullet proof You will never defeat me Get him Let me go , you dogs There 's no way to escape from here . Don 't you forget that Now take him away and get him back to work Stop ... Let me go ! Hello , young fellow . Now the fun is really starting You will learn what it is to challenge me You will be crushed between two walls , like a bug You will be dust Goodbye , Copperhead Police raid ! Police ? I 'll show them Take him out of here You cannot succeed , Dr. Satan Razor , get the documents and follow me - Take a good look around - OK , chief They 're surrounded You wait here . We 'll search the place Wait a minute ! Don 't go ! I might get a rabies injection this time Got the documents ? I didn 't have time . The police almost got me Then go to the factory Some strange sounds . What is it ... Hello ? - Hello ? - Pull the lever by the door The lever by the door ... Oh , my God ! Copperhead Where did you come from ? Did God send you ? - Where are the police ? - Searching the place And the professor ? Professor ... What professor ? What 's this ? A safe ? We must open it at once Then you 'd better open it ... I need something like an iron bar Copperhead ! Don 't leave me here alone Don 't worry , I 'm here Well , if you 're here that 's alright then ... of course Fixed it ! You call the police . I 'll check out the tunnel Copperhead sorted out that robot It 's broken Great , whatever ... Tekin , where 've you been ? Good to see you I found a whole load of documents . Look ... It 's all about a Professor Faruk He 's an important man And Dr. Satan knows this When is Faruk arriving ? He 's due from Ankara today I know , I have to make sure that the professor 's alright - Go to work then - I 'm right on the case I 've taken control of the plane This is F27 ... The plane 's out of control . It won 't respond F27 ... A Mr Faruk is on the plane . He will know what to do This is the work of Dr Satan Roger ... I 'll call Professor Faruk Professor Faruk to the pilot 's cabin ... Professor Faruk , please I can destroy that plane anytime I want - What 's up ? - The plane is out of control , sir There has to be a control lamp somewhere I found it The control lamp exploded , badly burning the Professor 's face So Faruk 's face is badly burned ? That could be very useful Professor Faruk , I hope that my father 's lab will be useful to you What a great set up . Let me have a look round You 'll find everything you need - Hi - Tekin ... Come , let me introduce you to Professor Faruk - Glad to meet you - Likewise So we owe our lives to you ? I am happy to help . Did you look at the robot ? It has been designed by a very clever man It will take Dr. Satan months to rebuild . We should use it against him That 's a very good idea Hello ? There is no news from Bitik But we found directions to an empty timber factory in his car Thanks , chief Any news ? Another dead end , I 'm afraid They found details of a deserted factory Well , wouldn 't that make a great hide out ? Of course . I 'd better go take a look Goodbye , then Goodbye - Be careful , darling - Don 't worry about me Miss , may I use your phone ? - Of course - Thanks Professor Faruk here ... Faruk ? Yes , Faruk ... Professor Faruk We have just arrived I want to reserve a room for a friend who 'll be arriving soon I am very fond of him . I hope you 'll treat him well I 've got a bad itch Bugger off What you eating ? - Shit - Bon appetit Hey , what 's going on ? - If wasn 't tied up , I 'd have you all - Shut it , porky Copperhead is here ! Now they 're for it It 's a massacre out there , Copperhead is kicking their arses Oh , Copperhead , am I glad to see you - Who 's he ? - Professor Faruk Professor Faruk ? I thought he was with Sevgi ... He 's an imposter . I 'm the real Professor Faruk In that case it must be Dr Satan himself . Let 's get going There , the robot is working again Isn 't it dangerous ? I couldn 't fix a broken robot without taking that risk Now I 'll call headquarters to come and take it away Let me phone them to say it 's ready Good . I 'll be much happier when it 's gone Send a truck round to collect the robot They 're on their way so it 'll soon be out of here Thank you very much , Mr Faruk It 's Bitik . Is the professor there ? Don 't let him know it 's me calling He 's really Dr. Satan . Keep him there Thanks for the call . I 'm sure it 'll be alright now They 'll soon be here to collect it . Thanks for your hospitality Are you going so soon ? I 'm afraid I have to Maybe you 'd like to see my father 's new inventions Here 's the poisonous gas device he 's working on It uses heavy water - Interesting , but I have to go - There are still things you haven 't seen I 'm sorry about your father . I hope he 'll soon be back Thank you . Maybe you can help get him back What do you mean ? Tell me Dr Satan . Where did you take my father ? Your father is alive But maybe not if you carry on like this Don 't move . Stay right there Let 's negotiate . I 'll free your father if you let me go I 'm not an idiot . Now sit down And don 't try anything When the police get here you 're really for it You 'll be surprised You really think you can outwit Dr. Satan ? Are you OK ? Yes , but the doctor has escaped - What happened ? - He took the robot and left This must be the place A truck 's come for the robot - Who sent it ? - I guess the Police Chief lt 'll be the doctor 's men They don 't know he 's left They 'll deliver the box to him - And of course , I 'll be inside - Are you crazy , Tekin ? What if the doctor opens it ? I don 't know he 'll get a big surprise At least I 'll find out where they are But how will we find you ? Follow the truck Now nail the top down They 're here - Is this the box to be collected ? - Yes Yes , the damn thing keeps getting in my way Now it 's up to you . Don 't lose sight of them Don 't worry , sister . Bitik will sort it out , you 'll see Come on , jump in Bitik sets the trap Dr. Satan 's in a flap - There 's someone behind us - Not for long Holmes Bitik has tracked the truck - We lost him - Of course Have they turned into dust ? Wait here . I 'll get the doctor - What are you doing here ? - I lost them ... They must have turned off - So you went to the professor 's house ? - Yes , sir . We brought the chest I already have the robot . That chest must be empty For an empty box it weighed a lot Bring it in Leave it there - Shall we drill him , doc ? - Yeah , why we waiting ? Wait a minute . I 've just thought of something Hello , yes , I 'm listening ... - Dr Satan ... ! - Dr. Satan ? Remember that gas your father discovered ? It heats up to 4000 degrees I have a furnace here that burns that gas And I 'm about to put that box into the fire unopened What ... ? But ... ? Throw the box into the flames ! Fire destroys everything They 're throwing Tekin and the box into a super heated furnace How do you know ? The doctor just told me Don 't cry , you 'll make me cry , too No-one will hurt him while I 'm alive . I 'll crush them and turn them to dust Get up , Bitik ... Get up ! Tekin here ... Hi babes Tekin , is that you ? Tekin 's on the phone We thought Dr Satan killed you I 'm at the factory right now Call the police and tell them to get here OK What about the professor ? We have no more use for him . Get rid of him - The professor is in that shed - Dr Satan wants him finished off Here 's the factory . Quickly This way ! - The cops are coming - So let them come Thank you , Copperhead . You got here just in time - The police are headed for the factory - Did you call them ? Go and get them They think to catch me , but I don 't catch easily - We have to save them - What can we do ? We have to get into the control room You go to the control room Your father never guessed what he was creating Say hi to my friends in hell ! Come on It seems to be broken , I don 't know why . I 'm losing control of the robot ! Let 's get out of here It 's scared of me Copperhead Are you alright , my girl ? Don 't forget to untie me too - Where 's Dr. Satan ? - This way I must tell the Chief - My dear - I was so scared , dad It 's over now . Come , let 's join Copperhead Your end has finally come , Copperhead Arrest her ! Salih , round them all up and get them out of here They will soon meet their fate like Dr. Satan We owe you everything The robot will no longer threaten anyone So you were Copperhead , Tekin ? I knew all along that Tekin was Copperhead You can 't fool Bitik Of course , not . And we knew that you knew But if you knew , why didn 't you tell us , you fake Holmes ? Do you still love me now you know ? Of course , I do Hey , look , I have some new tricks . Come and see I 'm coming Think you 're the only one that 's got tricks ? Just watch what I can do Hey , what 's going on ? The world 's turned upside down Goodbye ! Goodbye everyone ! Translation : Kaya Tugrul Özkaracalar
