 MOSFILM Artistic Association of Writers and Cinema Workers NATALYA BONDARCHUK DONATAS BANIONIS YURI YARVET VLADISLAV DVORZHETSKY NIKOLAI GRINKO ANATOLY SOLONITSYN in SOLARIS Based on the science-fiction novel by Stanislaw Lem Screenplay by F.GORENSHTEIN , A.TARKOVSKY Directed by Andrei TARKOVSKY Director of Photography Vadim YUSOV Production Designer Mikhail ROMADIN Music by Eduard ARTEMYEV Sound by Semyon LITVINOV Used in the film the chorale-prelude in F minor by J.S. Bach SOLARIS Part One Chris ! Come here ! You 're just in time . He takes a walk every morning for at least an hour . He has been working too hard , all night sometimes . This science of solaristics of his ! He reminds me of a bookkeeper making up his accounts . We expected you yesterday . He wanted to run away when he saw me . Hello ! How do you do ? I guess I shouldn 't have bothered you today . How old we have grown ! I 'm only now beginning to realize it . Everything will depend on his initial report from the station . Every message we receive is confusing or incomprehensible . If he confirms for us that the study shouldn 't continue , the station can be taken out of Solaris 's orbit . I understand . You promised to talk to him . I 've brought the film . Yes , of course . Would you mind keeping the boy for a few days ? Anna 'll be pleased to have him . She 'll have more free time now . When does he leave ? By this time tomorrow , he 'll already be gone . It 's very pleasant here . This house looks like my grand - father 's house . I liked it very much . And so we built this one just like it . I don 't care much for new things . Well , I better get going . I 've an awful lot to do . Don 't you want to see this ? I 've already seen it many times . Twenty-one days after the launch of our expedition , radio biologist Vishnyakov and physicist Fechner went on an exploration mission over the Solaris ocean in an air vehicle . When they failed to return , we ordered a search . The fog was too dense , and we had to call the search off . All of the rescue craft returned to the station except the helicopter piloted by Burton . He came back only after the dark had set in . He immediately ran to his quarters , obviously in a state of shock . It was so unusual for a man who had been flying for 1 1 years . He had recovered in a couple of days , but he would never leave the station . And he refused to approach the window overlooking the ocean . While under medical care in a clinic he offered to make a statement of great importance , one which he felt could affect the whole future of Project Solaris . Very well , let 's hear his story . Now is the time to let Burton talk . The first time I descended below a thousand feet , I had trouble maintaining altitude , because the wind had come up . All my efforts were required in operating the ship . I wasn 't watching outside . As a result , I entered the fog bank . Was that an ordinary fog ? It was like nothing I 'd ever seen before . It seemed to be a colloidal substance , a gluey mass . All the windows were coated . Because of the fog 's resistance I began to lose altitude . Where I supposed the sun would be , the fog glowed like fire . Half an hour later , I emerged into a large open space . The patch was round , about a few hundred meters across . At that moment I observed great changes in the ocean . The water became still , and the surface looked transparent . A sort of yellow mucus started to congeal under it . When it rose up , it glistened like glass . Then it began to boil , and a frothy crust appeared on top . The surface was brown like burned sugar syrup . This substance solidified into big lumps , giving shape to all sorts of figures . I was being drawn to the fog bank , so I had to struggle against this force for some time . When I looked down again , I saw a sort of garden . A garden ? Quiet , please . I could see vegetation , hedges , acacia trees , narrow paths . All of this same substance . And all these trees and plants , did they have leaves ? Those bushes , acacias ? They looked like they were made of plastic , but in real-life proportions . All of a sudden cracks started to appear . The boiling began again , all was in froth . You 'll be able to see it for yourselves . Everything I saw will be on the film . Then I suggest we interrupt the hearing and look at it with our own eyes . Yes , show us the film . It 's very interesting . - Is that all ? - Yes , that 's all there is . But we don 't understand . Your film is nothing but clouds ! That must be the fog I was talking about . I 'm as surprised as you are . All this might be the result of the bio-magnetic current of the Solaris ocean acting on Burton 's conscience . We know these currents to be not only a gigantic cerebral system , but also to be capable of generating thought . That is a hypothesis that has not been confirmed . Weren 't you ill on that particular day ? Oh , this next part is pointless . We 'll pick up here . ... I saw something floating . I thought that it looked like Fechner 's space suit . I kept circling the spot to make sure I wouldn 't lose sight of it . Suddenly I could see the form rise slightly , as if treading the waters . I could see the man , he wasn 't wearing a space suit , and he moved . You mean it was human ? Yes , human . You saw his face ? Yes . What man ? Who was he ? It was an infant . - Did you recognize it ? - I 'd never seen it before . When I circled nearer , what I saw was monstrous . What do you mean ? At first I couldn 't make it out , but then it became clear that it was incredibly huge . It was twelve feet tall . Its eyes were blue , its hair was dark . If you 're not feeling well , we can recess the hearing . I will continue . It was absolutely naked , as if new born . And it was moist , or rather slippery . Its skin was glistening . It rose and fell with the waves , but it was moving by itself . The whole thing was repugnant . Wait a minute , there isn 't very much more . ... Burton 's statements would appear to be the expression of a hallucinatory complex , induced by atmospheric influences of the planet , plus obscure symptoms to which the brain 's cortical substance contributed in some measure through the excitation of associated zones . This report in no way reflects the actual facts . Or almost in no way . There 's a different opinion offered by Professor Messenger who believes that the information supplied by Burton could be true and needs to be thoroughly studied . I saw everything I described with my own eyes ! I would dare to venture another opinion . We are on the verge of an immense discovery , and it would be unwise to be influenced by the fact that we base our decision upon the observations of an unqualified layman . Every explorer may well envy this pilot , his presence of mind , his talents of observation . Moreover , given the recent information , we are bound morally to press forward with our probes . I can understand how Professor Messenger feels , however let 's look back at the long road we 've traveled . For all our work , the Solaris probes are back where we began . Years of effort have proven useless . All we know about Solaris reminds me of a mountain of separate facts which we are unable to squeeze into the framework of any conception . Well , we 're even worse off today , as regards the essential . Solaristics is degenerating . The essential question is far more serious than just Solaristics . We 're probing the very frontier of human knowledge . By artificially establishing a knowledge frontier , we limit our concept of the infinity of man 's knowledge . And if our movement is not forward , do we not risk moving backward ? What do you mean by saying that the information supplied by me is in no way reflects the actual facts ? I saw all this with my own eyes . It means that some real phenomena could have triggered your hallucinating . In windy weather it 's very easy to mistake a swinging bush for a living creature . To say nothing of a strange planet ! There 's nothing offending in it for you . What action are you going to take in view of Prof.Messenger 's opinion ? Practically none at all . Our research in this area will be discontinued . I have a statement to make . It 's not my reputation but the spirit of the expedition that you offend ... Well , et cetera ... It 's considered to be good manners now to laugh whenever Burton 's report is mentioned . We 've known you a long time , but still I know so little about you . You were very handsome then . You don 't mean that , but thanks anyway . Well , Chris , what do you think about all this ? I would like to speak to your son alone . I hate to look like an idiot before you once more . I 'll wait for you outside by the swing . He looks ridiculous , your Burton . Don 't say that . He 's obviously ill at ease . He feels he 's intruding on us . If he decided to come , it 's because he considers the matter so important . I didn 't want to see outsiders today any more than you did . We don 't talk to each other often enough . It 's good to hear you say that . Even on the last day . The last day ... When the farewells are overdone , you feel awful afterwards . Let 's meet after dinner . We need to talk . And still , why did you invite this Burton fellow today of all days ? Where are the guests going to sleep ? Upstairs , I guess . Well , I 'll be down by the swing . - But perhaps ... - Just a second . The question of where they 're going to sleep can wait ! Listen , Chris ... What 's the matter ? What is it down there , standing in the garage and looking at me ? It 's just a horse . I 've seen it already . Come on ! He 's very gentle . Look how beautiful he is ! I think that Solaristics is at an impasse as a result of irresponsible fantasizing . I 'm only interested in truth , but you want to convince me of your point of view . I can 't draw conclusions based on " reasons of heart " . I 'm not a poet . My problem is simple : either end the research , withdrawing the station from orbit and legalizing the crisis in Solaristics , or take extreme measures , like bombarding the ocean with high intensity beams . No , not that ! Didn 't you want to continue the research at any price ? And you want to destroy that which we aren 't capable of understanding ? No , I don 't advocate knowledge at any price . Knowledge is only valid when it rests on a foundation of morality . Man is the only agent who renders science immoral . Don 't forget Hiroshima . Then don 't make science immoral ! It 's strange ... There 's nothing strange about it . Even you can 't be sure that all you had seen weren 'tjust hallucinations . Thank you for your time . We have nothing more to say to each other . - Is anything the matter ? - I 'm leaving . Leaving ? He is a bookkeeper , not a scientist . We 're friends , Burton , but you shouldn 't say that about him ! We 've known each other for 20 years . It had to end someday , I guess . Are you leaving the child ? Why did you have to offend him ? You 're heartless . It 's dangerous to send your kind to the cosmos . Everything is far too fragile there ! The earth somehow manages to put up with men of your sort , though at what cost to humanity ! Are you jealous of the fact that he will be the one to bury me , not you ? It 'd been established that the Solaris ocean is a peculiar kind of brain . Later , even a more daring hypothesis was put forward , that is the Ocean is a thinking substance . For years this hypothesis could not have been substantiated . This program is about Solaris . Very few true believers have remained . First of all , they are those who are connected with the station . On the station for a 85-strong crew , only three men are still working . They are astrobiologist Sartorius , cyberneticist Snout and physiologist Guibariane who is dealing with the problem ... I 'm calling from the city . Burton ! Anna , please , we need to talk . What I talked to Chris about was not important . I should have told him about Messenger who had a different opinion at that meeting . He got very much interested in Fechner who died in Solaris Ocean . It turned out that Fechner has an orphaned son , he had left his family . Messenger and I paid a visit to Fechner 's widow . I saw this child with my own eyes . You never told me about that . - I didn 't have a chance . - All right , what about it ? He looked exactly like the child I 'd seen on Solaris . Except that he wasn 't twelve feet tall . It wouldn 't be good for him to think about it before the launch , but he should remember this when he 's there . There 's no point in keeping these . The only ones to be kept are those in my room . All my research notes , my thesis ... I wonder why we kept all these ? Should something happens , I 'll find someone to take care of them . Oh , don 't look for the film with the campfire . I 'm taking it with me . Oh , sure , do that ... - Ready , Kelvin ? - Ready ! You have nothing to worry about . Have a good trip . - When is the lift-off ? - You 're already under way ! Station Solaris ! Can you do something ? I seem to be losing stability . Where are you all ? You 've got company ! Doctor Snout ? Snout ? I 'm Kelvin , psychologist . It appears you weren 't expecting me . Did you receive the radiogram ? Yes , certainly . Why are you so upset ? I 'm sorry ... Where is Guibariane ? And Sartorius ? Sartorius is in his quarters . Guibariane is dead . Dead ? He committed suicide ... I knew Guibariane . It 's not like him to ... He was in a state of profound depression . Since these mysterious disorders began ... Maybe you 'd better rest , take a bath . You may take any room . Come here in an hour . I 'm impatient to meet with Guibariane ... I mean Sartorius . I doubt if he 'll let you in . He 's up in his laboratory . Listen , I 'm aware that something extraordinary has happened , and perhaps I ... Doctor Kelvin ... You see ... Please , come in an hour . Go now , and rest . Now there 're only three of us on the station : you , me and Sartorius . You know what we look like from our photographs . If you see anything out of the ordinary , not me or Sartorius , try not to lose your head . - What would I see ? - That depends on you . - Hallucinations ? - No ... but don 't forget . - Forget what ? - That we 're not on earth . Why don 't we have our talk tonight ? No , let 's make it tomorrow morning ! A. GUIBARIANE HUMAN BEING TO C. KELVIN Hello , Chris . I still have a little time left . There 're certain things I must tell you , that I must warn you about . I suppose you 've been told what happened to me . If not , Snout or Sartorius can tell you the details . What happened to me , it matters little . The trouble is that no one can really explain it . I 'm afraid that what 's happened to me is only a beginning . I wouldn 't wish it , of course , but it may happen to all of you . Here , it may happen to anyone , for sure . But don 't think that I 've gone mad . You know me well . If I have enough time , I 'll tell you why I did this . If it does happen to you , you will know it 's not madness . That 's the main thing . As for continuing our program of research , I 'm of the same opinion as Sartorius . Bombard the plasma of the ocean by high-powered X-rays . It 's prohibited , but there 's no other choice . We - or rather you - will be drawn in . It may offer a way to break this deadlock . It 's your only chance to establish contact with this monster . There 's no other solution left . If you ... Doctor Sartorius , my name is Kelvin . I arrived two hours ago . Look , I 'm in a ridiculous situation here . Either you open up , or I 'll break the door ! All right , I 'll open the door , but don 't come in . I 'll come out . My name is Kelvin . You must have heard of me . I worked with Guibariane . Dr. Snout told me about Guibariane ... I can 't believe it . So , you know the story . Yes , it 's horrible . I have no details , I only know he 's dead . All of us may die . But he insisted upon being buried on the earth . Guibariane wanted to be in the earth , with the worms . Have you ever heard of Burton ? Yes , he was on the search party for Fechner . Fechner died a magnificent death , and Guibariane was a coward . Please ... He 's dead ! Why judge him ? Duty to the truth is the only concern that should count . You are misguided in your search . Look ... This courage you pretend to is only inhumanity . Go away . You 're obviously overemotional . You must adapt yourself . Good health to you . I saw Sartorius and we spoke . I don 't find him very likable . He 's a very talented scientist . I 'm afraid I don 't feel so well . There 's nothing wrong with you , but you won 't listen to advice . Aside from the three of us , is there anyone else on the station ? Did you see anything ? What were you warning me against ? What did you see ? A human being ? Was she real ? Can she be touched or felt , or wounded , hurt ? When did you see her the last time , today ? And you , how do I know who you are ? Shhh ... - Where did she come from ? - Leave me alone ! You 're afraid ... Don 't worry , I 'm not going to think you 're insane . Me , insane ? Oh God , you know so little ... Madness would be a blessing ! Snout , listen ... It 's all so absurd . They don 't understand anything . They 're sure that I 've gone mad . Though it 's something like insanity , I 've got to do this . I 'm afraid that Snout and Sartorius will try to force their way in . They don 't understand what they 're doing . I 'm frightened , Chris ... I can 't ... No one will ever understand ... Guibariane , open the door ! Don 't be a fool ! That 's us , Snout and Sartorius ! We want to help you ! They say they want to help me . All right , quit knocking . I 'm my own judge . Have you seen her ? Try to understand , Chris , I 'm not mad . It has to do with my conscience . I really hoped you 'd get here in time . How did you ... It 's so good ! But you can 't possibly ... How did you find out where I was ? What do you mean " find out " ? Don 't , Chris , that tickles . Where are my shoes ? No ... they 're not there . Who 's this ? Chris , this is me ... You know ... I have a feeling as if I 've forgotten something . What 's the matter with me ? Do you love me ? Why do you have to ask , Hari , as if you didn 't know . I 've got to go out . I won 't be long , wait here . - Can 't I come with you ? - No . I 'll be back soon . No ! Why ? I don 't know ... I can 't ... You can 't what ? I feel like I 've got to be with you ... all the time , to see you ... Why are you being so childish ? I 've work to do , Hari . You 're right , I 'm acting childish . As for you , you 're as nervous as Snout . - As who ? - As Doctor Snout . How do you know ... I 've got to go . If you want , you can come with me . But you won 't be able to get into a suit with your dress on . Help me , I can 't do it by myself . Why do you keep staring at me ? Yes , come quickly . You might at least knock . I thought I heard you talking to someone . All the more reason . So you 've had visitors ? You handle that very cleanly . Well , you won 't die from it . I hope you used moderation in the beginning . Narcotics , poisons , barbiturates , eh ? If you came here to clown , you might as well leave . You 're not going to tell me you haven 't tried the rope or hammer ? I don 't suppose you threw an inkwell as Luther did ? You just locked her in , pressed the button and that 's it ! Next time , you mustn 't panic . Try to launch it from the corridor . - Do you know what it was ? - No . But we 've been able to establish a theory at least . - Who was it ? - She died ten years ago . You 've just seen the materialization of the person you think you knew . - What was her name ? - Hari . This began after we experimented with X-rays . We wanted to test the ocean , so we initiated a concentrated surface sweep using high intensity rays . Yes , but this is ... You 're fortunate . This woman is only part of your past . Imagine if you had seen something else , something unknown in your experience , out of the recesses of your soul . I don 't see what you mean ... Apparently the ocean somehow probed our brain centers , from which it extracted isolated bits of memory . - You think she 'll come back ? - She will and she won 't . - Hari the second ... - There may be many of her . - Why didn 't you warn me ? - You wouldn 't have believed me . I got scared and acted not very ... Don 't berate yourself . The point is to liquidate the station . This is my mission . If I make out the report , will you sign it ? What if she were the contact we 've been waiting for , for so long ? The night is a blessed time here . Somehow it reminds me of the earth . You can also tie strips of paper to the air vents . At night you 'll think you 're hearing leaves rustle in the dark . Guibariane 's invention . Like all strokes of genius , it 's so simple . Sartorius said we were sentimental fools , but he has something like that hidden in his closet . Try and get some rest . We 'll meet in the library later . I 've prepared a list of books for you . Snout , is that you ? Chris , where are you ? Come here . It 's so dark ... Come here , don 't be afraid ! The door opens the other way ! Don 't be afraid . I 'll be right back . When I saw that you weren 't there , I was afraid ... Hi , Chris ! I can hardly hear you . What are you doing right now ? Nothing . Sartorius wants to see us in the laboratory . Yes , I 'll be right with you . Chris , what 's wrong with me ? Is it epilepsy ? This is my wife . How do you do ? Hi . We 've been waiting for you . I couldn 't get away sooner . - Are these yours ? - No , they 're Snout 's . As far as I 'm able to observe , they are structured ... Let 's call them " The Visitors " . While our structure is atomical , theirs is based on neutrinos . But any neutrino system would lack stability . There must be a magnetic field out of Solaris stabilizing them . You 've got an excellent specimen . She is my wife ! My congratulations . I 'm delighted . Take a blood sample from your " wife " . - Why should I ? - You 'll see things a lot clearer . What do you think , Snout ? I 'm fed up with the lot of you ! I used acid to burn the blood , but it regenerates itself . Self-regeneration ? lmmortality ! Faust 's problem . There 's no need of absorbent cotton . Are you qualified to perform an autopsy ? She 's my wife . Don 't you understand ? It 's more humane to experiment on them than on the earth rabbits . It would be like cutting off my own leg . Did you feel pain when you broke through the door ? Pain ? Of course ! So if I ever catch you attempting anything on her ... You 're very lucky to have established an emotional contact with them . It may feel pleasant , but ... - What ? Are you envious ? - Perhaps . No , you can 't feel any guilt , the guilt is mine . When you have turned yourself into a hopeless cripple , you can call on us . We will empty your chamber pot . - Toward whom are you guilty ? - Toward you , among others . My father shot most of the film . I shot bits of it . Do you know ... I don 't even know my own self . Who am I ? As soon as I close my eyes I can 't recall what my face is like . Do you know who you are ? Yes , all humans do . That woman in the white fur coat , she hated me . That woman died long ago , before we ever met . Stop fooling me . I do remember that I came over for tea , and she told me to leave the house . So I left at once . I remember it very well . What happened after that ? After that , I went away . That was the last time we ever saw each other . Where did you go ? To another city . - Why ? - I was transferred . Why didn 't you take me with you ? Because you refused to come . Yes , I remember that . Sorry , I thought you were awake . What 's up ? The rate of regeneration has slowed . For two or three hours we can be rid of our visitors . And you 've come in the middle of the night to tell me that ? I 'll tell you exactly why I came . We thought that since the ocean extracts our visitors from us during our sleep , it might be in our interest to communicate to it our waking thoughts . - Yes , but how ? - By X-rays . Perhaps it will get the message and spare us all these apparitions . Again your idiotic X-ray theories about the greatness of science ? We 'll modulate the beam with the brain waves of one of us . One of us means me , of course ? A transcription of my thoughts ? What if I want her to die , to disappear ? Give everything back to that ... mass ofjelly ? It 's already invaded my soul . Chris , we 're losing time . Sartorius has another project . The annihilator . To destroy only neutrino systems . Blackmail ? I convinced him that we should start with the encephalogram . And one more thing ... For now , forget all about it . Tomorrow 's my birthday . You 're invited . - You 're trying to patch it up ? - Yes , I am . Not so loud , she 's sleeping . So she knows how to sleep already ? This is going to end badly . What do you propose then ? Nothing . So you 'll come ? To the library tomorrow ? We 'll set up the table . At least there are no windows there . In the meantime let 's go and see Sartorius . She 's sleeping . Suppose that she follows us ? Try leaving the door unlocked this time . What door ? It 's just a mirage . I 'll be right back . Where are you going ? Forgive me ! Why aren 't you sleeping ? You don 't love me . Stop it . - We have to talk . - About what ? I don 't know where I came from . Do you know ? What are you talking about ? If you do know , and you can 't tell me , for some reason , perhaps one day you will , Chris ? What are you talking about ? I don 't understand anything . You won 't tell , you 're afraid to . So I 'll have to tell you . I 'm not Hari . Hari is dead ... She took poison . And I 'm someone else . - Who 've you been talking to ? - Sartorius told me . When ? Last night ? It would 've been less painful if you 'd told me yourself . Oh , my God ! What 's the difference ? How did you live all that time ? Were you in love with someone ? Did you ever think of me ? Sometimes , yes , not always . Whenever I felt unhappy . I think someone is playing a kind of game with us And the more they play , the worse it will be for you . I wish I knew how to help you . The girl , the other one , what happened to her ? We 'd quarreled . Toward the end , we used to quarrel a lot . I packed my things and left her . She made me understand ... She didn 't say it in so many words ... When you 've lived with a person long enough , words aren 't necessary . I didn 't think it was so serious , but then I remembered that I 'd left the laboratory preparations in the fridge , having explained to her their effect . I got scared and wanted to go to her , but then I thought she 'd understand that I took her words seriously . On the third day I did go to her after all . She was already dead . There was an injection mark on her arm . Like this ? Why do you think she did that ? I believe she felt that I didn 't love her anymore . But I love you . Chris ! I love you so much . Go to sleep . I don 't know how to sleep . It seems like sleep , but it 's not . It 's like a sleep within a sleep . It doesn 't come from inside me . It 's from far away . It 's still a kind of sleep . I guess our hero is not going to show up . - Why ? - Perhaps he 's having guests . Oh , everybody 's here ! You 're one and a half hour late . What is that you 're reading ? This is all rubbish ! Where did I put it ... Where the devil ... Here ! They come at night , but a man needs his nights for sleeping . That 's our problem . Man has lost the gift of sleep . You 'd better read it . I 'm a bit overexcited . " Senor , I know only one thing . When I ... When I sleep , I know no fear , no hope , no work , no blessing ... Blessings on him who invented sleep , that balance and weight that equals the shepherd with the king , and the simple with the wise . Sound sleep has but one defect - it smacks too much of death . Never before , Sancho , have you pronounced such a gracious speech . " That 's great . Now perhaps you 'll let me inject a few words of my own ? I propose a toast to Snout , to his courage , and his devotion to duty . Here 's to science , and to Snout ! To science ? It 's a fraud ! No one will ever resolve this problem , neither genius , nor idiot ! We have no ambition to conquer any cosmos . We just want to extend Earth up to the Cosmos 's borders . We don 't want any more worlds . Only a mirror to see our own in . We try so hard to make contact , but we 're doomed to failure . We look ridiculous pursuing a goal we fear and that we really don 't need . Man needs man ! Let 's drink to Guibariane . In memory of a man . Though what he did , was out of fear . No , Guibariane was not afraid . There are worse things than being afraid . He died because he saw no way out . He thought that what was happening , was happening only to him . All that heart-breaking moaning is just second-rate Dostoyevsky . Who do you think you are to judge us ? At least I know why I 'm here . Nature created man so that he might gain knowledge . In his march toward the truth , man is condemned to knowledge . The rest is of no consequence . If you will permit me to inquire , what exactly are you doing on Solaris ? What a question ! Except for your tryst with your ex , nothing here seems to interest you . Your time is spent lolling in bed day after day . Is that how you understand your duty ? You 've lost contact with reality . If you ask me , you 're plain lazy . Stop it ! - Let 's drink to Guibariane . - No , to Man ! Are you suggesting he was not a man ? Stop it , Chris ! We 'd better not quarrel . After all , today is my birthday . I think Chris is more logical than both of you . In these inhuman conditions he alone acted human . While you two pretend that it doesn 't concern you , and that your visitors are just an exterior enemy . But your visitors are part of you , they are your conscience . I believe Chris loves me , but perhaps he doesn 't really , perhaps he just defends himself . By me , who is alive , he wants ... No , that 's not the point . It doesn 't matter why a human loves . No , it isn 't Chris , it 's you ... I hate you all ! Don 't interrupt me . I 'm a woman after all ! Woman ? You 're not even a human being . Try to understand that , if you 're capable of understanding anything ! Hari doesn 't exist ! She 's dead ! You 're only a reproduction , a mechanical repetition of the form ! A copy from a matrix ! Yes , perhaps . But I ... I 'm becoming a human being ! I can feel just as deeply as any of you . I can live without Chris already . I ... I 'm in love with him . I 'm a human being ! You , why are you so cruel ... Get up , on your feet ! My dear man ! Nothing is more easy . It 's wrong of us to quarrel like this . We lose our humanity , our dignity as humans . No , you 're very human , but each one in his own way . That 's why you 're quarrelling . I hope I 'm not bothering you ? You 're really a good fellow . Only you look awful ! Actually , I 'm worn out . Could you help me ? Doesn 't a man who 'd give up his life for some silly damned contact , for knowing the truth about it , doesn 't he have a right to get drunk once in a while ? Certainly he has , absolutely . Tell me , do you believe in our mission ? I 'll stay up a while yet . It 's important we don 't sleep . I 'm going to see Faust in his laboratory . Our Faust , Sartorius , is still seeking his remedy against immortality . While we ... Suppose we opened all the windows and yelled down as loud as we could ? Do you think it would hear ? Only who shall we call to ? Maybe we should whip him with birch leaves ? Or we could even pray to it ... What 's the matter ? I think I closed the door ... She 's alone there . Go on . I feel a lot better . The station changes its orbit . At 1 7 hours there 'll be thirty seconds of weightlessness . So don 't forget . Hari ! Forgive me , darling , I was lost in my thoughts . Is anything wrong ? No . No , nothing 's wrong . Everything 's all right . She drank liquid oxygen ... She did it out of desperation . It is going to get worse . The more she 's with you , the more human she becomes . - What are you going to do ? - Wait until she comes back . And then what ? Leave the station ? Chris , she can live only here , on the station . What else can I do ? I love her . Love whom ? Her ? Or the girl on the rocket ? She will return . She can return a hundred times over . Don 't convert the scientific problem to an insignificant love story . I had a foreboding that this would end badly . You should help her . It 's horrifying , isn 't it ? I 'll never get used to these constant resurrections ! Is it me ? What ? What ? Why ? Why ? No ... I 'm not ... Not her ... Not Hari ... And you ... What if you aren 't either ... - Don 't talk , Hari . - I 'm not Hari ! Maybe your appearance is supposed to be a torment , maybe the ocean sent you . But you 're more to me than all that science could ever mean ! - Do I look very much like her ? - You may have looked like her . But now it 's you who are real Hari . Tell me ... Do I look ugly ? Can you look at me ? - Do I disgust you ? - No . - You 're lying ! - Stop it ! I must be looking disgusting ! Don 't touch me ! I love you ! Hari , what can I do ? Nothing ... I won 't return to earth . We 'll live here , on the station . I 'm afraid . The ocean 's activity is increasing . Your encephalogram may be the cause . Whenever we show pity we empty our souls . Perhaps that 's true . Suffering makes life seem gray and suspicious . No , I don 't believe that ... I will not accept that ... What is not indispensable to life is in some way harmful to it ? No , that 's not true either . Itjust isn 't true ! Remember Tolstoy 's suffering about the impossibility of loving the humankind in general ? How much time has passed since ? I can 't figure it out ... Help me . Let 's suppose I love you . Love is something we can feel , but never explain . One can only explain the idea . You love that which you can lose . Yourself , a woman , your country ... Until today , humanity , the world , had no way to reach love . There are so few of us ! Perhaps the reason we 're here , is to understand , for the first time , human beings as a reason to love ? He 's feverish . How did Guibariane really die ? You haven 't told me . I 'll tell you , but later . Guibariane did not die out of fear , he died out of shame . The salvation of humanity is in its shame ! Mama , I ... I 'm two hours late . I know . How was your trip ? It was just a bit tiring . It was all right . It 's running slow again . I 'll set it right . You have lots of time . I don 't know what 's the matter with me ... I have completely forgotten your face . You don 't look well . Are you happy ? Happiness is an idea that 's obsolete . I think that 's too bad . I feel so alone now . Why are you hurting us ? What have you been waiting for ? You might have telephoned . You seem to lead such a strange life . You 're sloppy , you don 't take care of yourself . How did you get into this state ? What 's this ? Wait , I 'll be right back . Hari ... How are you ? You feel better now ? Where 's Hari ? - What is it ? - There is no more Hari . " Chris , I 'm sorry I had to deceive you . There wasn 't any other way . This is the only solution for us both . I asked them myself . It was my decision . Do not blame anyone for this . Hari . " She did it for you . Snout , listen ... Calm down , Chris . How was it ? The annihilator . An explosion of light , and a breath of wind . To think that we quarreled so often those last days . Snout , why are we being tortured like this ? We have lost our sense of the Cosmic . Ancient man had no such problem . He 'd have never asked why ... You remember the myth of Sisyphus ? Since we sent your encephalogram , not a single one of the visitors has returned . Something beyond our understanding is happening to the ocean . Islands have begun to form on the surface . First there was one , then others began to appear . Are you telling me that we were understood ? Just like that ? In one stroke ? At least we can hope now . - How old are you ? - Fifty two . Have you been here long ? You must have read my background papers . After so many years on the station , do you still feel as clearly your link with the life down below ? I suppose next you 'll want to know what life 's all about , eh ? Please , let 's not be ironical . When a man is happy , the meaning of life and other themes of eternity rarely interest him . These questions should be asked at the end of one 's life . We don 't know when our life will end , that 's why we 're in a hurry . The happiest people are those who never bother asking those cursed questions . We question life to seek out some meaning . Yet to preserve all the simple human truths we need mysteries . The mystery of happiness , death , love . You may be right . But try not to think about it . To think about it is the same as to know the day of one 's death . Not knowing that date makes us practically immortal . Well , anyway , my mission is finished . And what next ? To return to earth ? Little by little , everything will come to normal . I 'll find new interests , new acquaintances . But I won 't be able to devote all of myself to them . And do I have the right to turn down even an imaginary possibility of contact with the ocean , to which my race is trying to stretch a thread of understanding ? To stay here , among the things we both touched , which still remember our breathing ? What for ? Just for the hope of her return ? But I have no hope . The only thing left for me is to wait . Wait for what ? I don 't know ... A new miracle . Are you all right now ? Yes , I feel fine . In my opinion , it 's time for you to return to earth . Is that your opinion ? The End
