 Subtitles By : MightyMike77020 This film won the Special Award XXVI Cannes Film Festival The prize of the international jury the eleventh festival of science fiction film in Trieste in co-production with the National Audiovisual Institute and Ceskoslovensky Filmexport presents The Savage Planet ( Fantastic Planet ) Based on the novel by Stefan Wul " Oms serial " Black River editions - Paris Adaptation , screenplay and dialogues ... Original drawings ... Graphic characters ... Graphic sets ... Music ... Musical Editions ... A film directed by It doesn 't move . What a shame we can play with her anymore . Look out ! It 's Master Sinh . Oh , look father . A female Om and her baby . Do you suppose she 's dead ? I think so , Tiva . And the baby and why is he crying ? I don 't know . It may be that he 's afraid or he 's hungry . We can 't leave him here like this . May I keep him father ? May I father . All take good care of him . Very well Tiva , we can 't let the poor animal die . That was the first time I saw the Draag prime minister . He saved my life and linked his fate with mine . He was unaware of this of course until much later . Mother ! Mother ! Oh , mother . Look at the darling baby Om . His mother 's dead . I 'm going to keep him . He so tiny and fragile . Tiva , you 've disturbed your mother 's meditation . If you don 't discipline this animal , I 'll have to take it away . But father , he escaped . He needs a collar . Now you must learn how to use it . Watch . Now , put him down . That 's fun . Let me try it . Not so much power . The animal is delicate . You might hurt him . What will you name him ? I think I 'll call him , Tiva , like me . That 's no name for an Om . You must call him Fido or Trusty . Look how he squirms . He 's a real terror . I 'll call him ... terr ? Terr ? Terr . I was forgotten . After all , of what significance was a mere baby Om , in comparison to the extraordinary importance of meditation . That mysterious right to which my Master 's devoted themselves and which seemed to be their main preoccupation . Unexpectedly our major factories on the Uva of Goham have not even come close to the obtaining the predicted level of achievement . It appears that a unusual degree of wear on the machines he has caused this decline in production . Master Taj , have you any idea what is causing this unusual wear ? Not at present , no . Meanwhile however we 've withdrawn several machines from our reserve sector . In order to meet the schedule . I don 't understand . These machines have always performed with optimum efficiency . Have similar problems arisen in other Uvas ? - No . - No . - No . Only those machines that were reinstalled after the Antax Space Mission have for some reason failed to complete their assignments . Master Sinh , our scientists attribute this strange loss of efficiency to a rupture in the emotional compensation system . They also claim that the Om 's ancestors on the ancient planet Terra were quite intelligent . Of course since they may have destroyed their entire civilization I doubt that 's correct . It 's evident the animal possesses certain faculties for adaptation . But intelligence ? Perhaps we underestimate the Om 's . The tiny animals we caress between medications may well surprise us one day . Extensive studies revealed numerous traces of organized life . Their faculty for adaptation as you say , Master Ka , might indicate a somewhat advanced evolution . Oms may have a far shorter lifespan than ours but don 't forget , they reproduce much more rapidly . Of course , if the animal evolves ... we 've not yet ascertained that fact . But no , one can ascertain that there was considerable damage and chaos wreaked by the Oms in the Uvas of Jext and Telez . Although the number of domesticated Oms is easily controllable it appears that in reality the number of savage Oms far exceeds our accepted totals . We de-Om-ize the savage Oms every three cycles but I question if this is adequate ? Unfortunately , our methods are quite limited . More stringent measures must be implemented . New extermination methods are under study but I doubt if they 'll suffice . Tiva , go play somewhere else . Forgive me . Our commercial visions were especially vivid today . Now this pest has disrupted us . Don 't apologize , our children love these Oms . I developed rapidly in this slow universe . For each Draag week was equivalent to one of my years . I was only a living toy but on occasion a toy who dared to rebel . Terr loves Tiva . Repeat ! Terr loves Tiva . Repeat ! Tiva acquired her education by means of a set of earphone 's . This complicated apparatus transmitted lessons directly into the brain where they were forever engraved upon her memory . Our planet Ygam possesses a single satellite : Fantastic Planet . We utilize this uninhabited planet for medication . Ygam is divided into several Uvas . Two of the Uvas , Strom and Yot , are natural and symmetrical . Among the other Uva 's , Urtanac the largest it is completely covered by blue asconic masses . Which cause extreme temperature variations from 8 to 243 laiks and is therefore inaccessible to replical exploitation the Uva , of Goham , is dominated by a inland fepular sea which stabilizing the oponic at about 25 laiks . Ankleblocks counteract the process of pontic probation . While omalleyin globes regularize the pressure . All Uvas undergo a cycle of three pistula seasons of unequal duration . The season of Gareem crystallization ... It was only by chance that I was able to acquire the knowledge of the Draag 's . These lessons were of great interest and I tried to retain everything I heard . All preexisting drosks . The adjacent Sara drosks . Consequently the topography is regularly modified in all non-inhabited areas . The vesqules cliffs bordering some portions of the fepular sea are eroded by torrential rains ... Tiva , Tiva bring your animal . Jurgal has his . We can have some fun . No , he 'll only get hurt . Jurgal 's Om is to savage ! The other day he almost pulled off Terr 's ears . Oh Tiva , he won 't hurt him . Come and play ! Come and see ! Come and see ! Make Terr fight , it 'll be more fun . Terr will win . He 's a really demon . Fight Terr ! - He sings well . - Terr can also sing .. Sing Terr ! Sing sing . - He 's going to strangle him ! - What 's got into him ? What a disagreeable Om ! The mabreno or fladic muscular system of the tark . It 's particularly accessible since this animal is easily skinned ... Mabreno or fladic muscular system of the tark . Is particularly accessible since this animal is easily skinned ... Listen , you hear the Om . That 's Tiva 's lesson . She 's so fond of Terr , the two are never separated . Think he understands what he 's saying ? Um , I doubt it . But regardless , I shall forbid Tiva to keep the Om with her during her info 's . She must study seriously . Let us first observed the Siskinian leg muscle of a tark . It is a fleshy , fuliform vilok . Pink in color ... The Molog is an enviparous animal . It possesses almost a billion lucons . Given an agrate luconic surface evaluated at 3000 oviers . The surface of a lucone consist of minute cells . Separated by thin plaques of organoid . Researchers have recently advocated that these plaques are not genuinely organoid ... You still have Terr with you during your info 's ? I have forbidden that . Go to the Om house immediately ! But father , he doesn 't disturbing me , and he 's so happy . It 's you who must enjoy your info 's . Now return to your studies . The day arrived for the Draag children to participate in their first meditation . For them the initiation ceremony represented an essential step to the development of their intellectual maturity . For some time now my intimacy with Tiva has been waning . As she matured into an adolescent , she gradually abandoned her toys . When I could no longer benefit from her lessons , I decided to run away . Mother ! I can 't find Terr ! And my earphones are missing . Then you must use your bracelet . But if he 's far away I 'll hurt him . Never mind put your bracelet on maximum force . No mother . You 're not very smart a typical domesticated Om . But you have a collar too . Mine is not real , it 's to fool the Draag 's . And what 's that ? A learning device of the Draag 's . A what ? Here I 'll show you . Listen . Forth info : Valio cycle . We have noted that the search for skelonic 's in a tri-dimensional pernetrope as conducted in the same manner as a plan pernetrope . Subsequently , it should be emphasized that this search is not limited . Don 't be afraid , it isn 't dangerous . You stole this ? Where are you taking it ? - I don 't know . - Come with me . My new companion led me to her friends . They dwelt secretly in the great tree , at the bottom of a deserted park . Since I was a ridiculous domesticated Om I received a mocking welcome from the savage Oms . Don 't touch that chest ! It 's a trap ! Because I had brought to the great tree the knowledge of the Draag 's , the jealous sorcerer at once turned against me . We brought back five chest mighty one . Why are there only four of them . One of the chest was a trap and now Rover is dead . He knew it was a trap mighty one . He 's a domesticated Om mighty one . He ran away with this machine of the Draag . With it he 's learned to read their writing . Ask him what 's in that chest over there . Does he know what 's in these chests . In that one ? Yes , magnetic powder . It is completely covered by blue asconic masses . Which cause extreme temperature variations from 8 to 243 laiks and is therefore inaccessible to replical exploitation the Uva , of Goham , is dominated by a inland fepular sea which stabilizing the oponic at about 25 laiks . Ankleblocks counteract the process of pontic probation . While omalleyin globes regularize the pressure . All Uvas undergo a cycle of three pistula seasons of unequal duration . The season of Gareem ... Why did you stop the info 's ? The knowledge of the Draag 's is evil . We have no need for it . We are not domesticated Oms . Terr is challenged . He must fight . As the law commands . Go , bring the animals combat . You are the victor . Remain with us in the great tree . You will be useful to our tribe . Tomorrow we leave on an expedition . Thus I participated in my first incursion into Draag territory . To steal food . Courage , we 're not far from the great tree . It 's the Band Of The Hollow Log . Watch out ! Why did they attack us ? Because they 're bandits . Beware of them . They are evil . They live on the other side of the park . The first peramic civilization was created by the great Zarek , in the third millennium before the era of Crog . Legend has it , that he still animates the sphere of life from his tomb . That his body is invulnerable and unalterable , although constantly trans-pierced by natural and artificial projectiles and that his spirit is continued to transverse the skies of Ygam 's regularly . Ever since the first invasion of the Jankos was repulsed by the Draag armies under his leadership . Some scholars attribute the origin of this principle of meditation to this continued intervention by the great Zarek . Others believe that he is immortal and reemerges from the flames of time into a whirling reality infinitely multiplied to come combat the element of the Draag 's spirit which seeks to die . In fact after the ... Pyramidic era , the Draags through their repeated repulsions of the Jankos invasions - developed a high degree ... - The Oms are gradually learning . If only we could get more info headsets . Terr . You know as much as the Draag 's . Me ... I am barely able to write . Look . Your not mistaken ? Did you read it correctly ? Yes , de-Omanization was written on the walls of the park . What do you think it means ? The Draag 's intend to kill all the Oms in the park . Long ago I witness a de-Omanization . It was horrible . But here in the great tree I think we will be perfectly safe . What will we do ? It had to come . In any case , we have time to prepare . We 'll post guards tonight . The Draag 's will massacre us . They 're punishing us for stealing knowledge . Let us pray to the Fantastic Planet . The guards will warn us when they attack . Tomorrow we 'll see . What were you doing in our territory ? Eh ? I came to warn you . Tomorrow the Draag 's are going to de-Omanize the park . De-Omanize the park ! Is that so ! How do you know this ? One of our tribe saw it , written on the wall . The Oms of the great tree know how to read Draag writing now ? Don 't listen to him ! It 's a trap . They want us to leave the hollow log . Believe me ! The Draag 's will de-Omanize . Take him away ! One of you , go look at the walls . - Listen ! - The Draag 's ! Silence ! - It smells of Oms . - What vermin . The great council should de-Omanize the park more often . Owning a domestic Om is alright there amusing . But all these savage Om 's , they steal , they 're dirty , they reproduce at an appalling rate . There 's a nest of them there . A whole colony . Let 's stamp them out . Mighty one is dead . Stop crying ... like babies . We must go someplace where the Draag 's won 't ever find us I know of such a place . I will lead you there . This road leads to an abandoned rocket depot . We will be safe there . I have always opposed de-Omanizing only once every three cycles . The recent events prove how inadequate it is . The murder of a Draag , it 's unbelievable . Are the Draag 's so helpless that Om 's can kill them this easily ? The savage Om 's are far more numerous than we had ever imagined . An examination of the corpse revealed an incredible number of bites and wounds . According to the Draag who escaped the Om 's attacked in great swarms . Everyday they grow more and more audacious . They reproduce at a frightening pace . Master Sinh , it is most distressing to learn , that the Uva of Telez is not the only place where de-Omanization has provoked fierce retaliation . Two other Uvas , Goham and Urtana , have experienced similar difficulties . In the de-Omised park . Beside the dead Draag . We found two remarkably well organized home nest . Even more disturbing and inexplicable , is the fact that in one of these nest boxes of stolen goods were arranged by categories . Since they have not been opened how could the Oms have known their contents . I consider it essential that we impose more drastic measures against the Oms . I propose that the parks be de-Omized twice each cycle . It is also imperative that we impose strict controls on the breeding and the sales of all domestic Oms . Much too often they escape again and join this the swarms of savage Om 's that infest the parks and other isolated areas . In order to de-Omize thoroughly , we must use all our latest weapons . We must eliminate all the savage Oms and I posed the question , should we even keep are domestic Oms ? We were wrong to consider Oms as simple harmless animals . I fear that we have committed an error fraught with most grievous consequences . Three seasons had passed on Ygam . We had constructed our city in the long abandoned Draag rocket depot . Our ultimate goal was to reach the Fantastic Planet . Both domesticated and savage Oms joined us in overwhelming numbers . Knowledge we acquired through the Draag 's earphones enabled us to use advanced technological methods . Thus we could reduce the components of the Draag rockets and adapt them to our own dimensions . Filataseaum is a flasulet substance that when narrowed into convexeun beams creates dangerous ultrafelleck rays that disintegrate the strongest gamic material found on Ygam . We have succeeded , Terr . The first two rockets are now ready for testing . For the others , its only a matter of time and work . We must hurry . Our informants among the domestic Oms clam that a massive de-Omanization is already underway . Any day now , we will probably be discovered . The two reconnaissance rockets must blast off at once . We have to know if life is possible on the Fantastic Planet . We can 't wait any longer . I 'm sorry I can 't go with you . But I 'm not afraid , I 'm certain you 'll succeed . We 'll construct a world where Oms can live in peace and happiness . A world far from the Draag 's . The Fantastic Planet will become our planet . The world of our children . You must go . Go quickly . You must ... Accidentally , we had discovered the secret of the Draag 's . By means of their medications spheres the Draag 's arrived at the Fantastic Planet to meet with beings from other galaxies . And to join them in celebrating strange nuptials rights . They extracted from these union the vital visionary impulses which made life possible for them . Simultaneously they assured the perpetuation of their species . A great fear engulfed us . The enormous feet of the giant statues threaten to destroy our rockets . We must do something Terr . Yes , activate the disintegration ray . Never have the Draag 's been faced with such imminent disaster . Our entire civilization is doomed . The Oms have taken revenge . They have incredible technical - knowledge at their disposal . - How could they evolve so rapidly . - They must be stopped ! - We must destroy them . Yes but how ? How ? The de-Omizations have failed . It 's already too late . The Oms are destroying ... Theirs only one solution , neither the Oms nor the Draag 's want to destroy themselves . We must somehow make peace . Since the era of Sinh , the period of the masters of Ygam , our Draag civilization has undergone a remarkable evolution . Systematically the Oms have been given access to our philosophical and technological knowledge . In return they have instilled their vitality in resourceful work habits into the imaginative thought cycle of the Draag people . Our planet now posses two satellites : One natural and one artificial . The natural satellite , Fantastic Planet , is reserved for the meditation of the Draag . The artificial satellite was created by the Oms . They named it Terra , after their ancestral planet . The Oms now inhabit vast cities which they have constructed on the various Uvas of Terra . Subtitles By : MightyMike77020 A co-production . Delegates producers Animators chefs Assistant Animators Cartoonists . Directors of photography Editors Chefs Assistant editors . Production director . With the voices of and of ... Artistic collaboration to sync Sound effects . Sound and special effects Landscapes ( synthesizer E.M.S. ) Sound engineers Mixing . Recording Studios Film Laboratories . Control Vista cinematographic The images of the film were shot in the Jiri Trnka Animation Studios of Kratky Film to Praqe . Subtitles By : MightyMike77020 . If you like my subtitles or would like to suggest an old movie to subtitle please leave a note at ...
