 1853 after five years of fortune Early Spring ( Schoolmaster Nishiyama Genta ) According to the prophecies of Nostradamus our nation is about to undergo a great change . It will be the beginning of a new age ... ... and our long-isolated nation will open its borders . You will soon hear of black ships landing from across the sea ... Our attempts to turn them back will fail , and they will be allowed to dock on our shores ... Thusly will begin the incorporation of ideas from other nations into our own ... - Nothing but lies ! Is this heresy all you have to teach us in this so-called school of yours ! ? What is this insolence ? You 'll be killed for your heresy ! You fools , you don 't understand what you 're doing ! The world will change regardless of what you believe ! Mother ! - The Arrival of Black Ships in Edo - Much change was in store for our country during this time . With the arrival of Admiral Perry , the long isolation of the nation was over ... Genta 's execution did nothing to change what Nostradamus had foretold ... ... but his family would find itself scorned for generations for their beliefs . ... even in a time of great war . Punishment ! That 's what your incompetence has awarded you ... I 'm lucky it came to my attention so swiftly . You were stripped of your command before your idiocy could spread any further through our ranks . Was it really worth it to promote this Nostradamus and his prophecies ? Fool ! Our country is in the midst of the most important event in its history and you 're spreading this filth ! So what if you disagree ... Nostradamus ' prophecies are more important than you 'll ever believe ... They speak of our great conflict ... Century 6 , Prophecy 49 ... A great pontiff will rise under the power of an iron cross ... He will conquer the land of the Danube and gather the wealth of the other nations ... Century 2 , Prophecy 59 ... A great fleet will land on the Gallic coast and succeed there with help from the Gods ... The province will be in celebration over the arrival of this new army ... It can 't be - what does it say of us ? Century 3 , Prophecy 3 ... Mercury and Mars will conjoin in the sky ... in the south there will be great droughts ... In Asia you will hear of great earthquakes ... These will be the cause of much confusion ... Are you saying Japan is going to come under attack ? That 's what is said in the prophecy ... What will come of it ? It will leave a great scar across the land of Japan ... You know that such an attack is impossible . Our country will pay a ridiculous price for your ignorance ... THE PROPHECIES OF NOSTRADAMUS A man will set off in a great flying ship ... Soon after a great king will be murdered at Dulls ... By the ignorant he will be honored with a river of tears ... Century 1 , Prophecy 63 ... After great wars and pestilence , the world will grow smaller ... The people of the world will learn to live peaceably ... They will be able to travel safely across the sky and over the oceans ... But after a while the wars will start up again ... Century 2 , Prophecy 48 ... A great force will take to the skies and travel across the mountains ... Poison will be hidden in the heads of fish ... And those who eat them will die ... It amazes me what some of these people are thinking ... There is no doubt that Gibarellen is an important find ... It 's certainly a remarkable chemical . But they 're already touting it as the solution to the world food crisis ! The first few trials have been very positive . They 've shown a rate of two to three times normal growth when this chemical is used ... Indeed , this trial data is very impressive ... Tamura 's right , what if this really is the solution ? A solution ? I 'm afraid it will only create more problems ... What do you think will happen if mankind consumes this chemical for any long period of time ? We have no idea of its strange effects - it could be carcinogenic . Then Japan would be even worse off than before . This early talk of it being a real solution is nonsense ... But , the trial period is nearly complete ... Then we 'll have to start another . We have to be sure of ourselves . Solving the food crisis is not so easy as just spraying fertilizer . Nature has it 's own way of running things . Mankind can 't expect to change that without facing the consequences . One ... Two ... Three ... Four ... . One ... Two ... Three ... . Just a bit longer girls , you 're doing a great job . Now reach for the sky ... . You 've all done very well ! Now come over this way ... Hey , is something wrong ? Are you feeling sick ? So ! Let 's get ready for your mother to pick you up , okay ? It 's you ! Whoa , hold on there . I 've forgotten how excitable you were ... You 've been away forever ... Did you miss me ? Silly ... Forgotten me so soon ? That 's quite a cough you have . These will help you feel better . - Thank you very much . Of all the asinine ... who do you think you are ? - Now if you 'll just calm down for a moment ... What do you mean , " just calm down " ? Who interrupted who ! ? I think I 'm being reasonable enough ... You 've done this repeatedly over the past few months . - You 're starting to frighten the owners . We have these photographs , here ... They 're proof of it . So are you policemen , or just paid lackeys of the factory trying to scare me off ? We 're just investigators ! All right . So I chartered the plane and flew a few close inspections on the plant , but what of it ? You 'd be better off investigating them . The volume of polution they 're pumping into the air is still far too high . It may appear to have dropped but the damage is still being done . These factories ' emissions are well within the limits of the law ! If that 's so then what the hell is making all these people sick ? You 're just jumping to conclusions ! Have a look for yourself ! See them ? What do you think is making them sick ? The children can hardly breath , and are even having to wear masks on their way to school . Just ask their parents about the " limits of the law " . And take your damned photographs . Here . - So I do exist ! What 's this ! We thought you 'd disappeared ! For a while , maybe ... - It 's all right , we 're glad you 're back . How was your trip ? It was good . I got a lot of pictures . - I want you to tell me all about them . He 's looking pretty good don 't you think ? - I don 't know , he looks a little mangy to me ... Now that 's no way to treat him so soon after he 's returned ! - Well I can 't tell you what I really think . You 'd worry ! Oh , stop that . I 've noticed the air seems much cleaner . Don 't you start believing it too . The pollution is more dangerous than ever , even with no smog in the air . In Japan alone we 're losing two species of birds every year to the poisoned air . I see . Things are bad in Africa too . The water is just drying up . Animals are dying all over , and people too . The Sahara is steadily spreading southward . We heard about that on the television . - Yes . The reporter said that 50,000 Africans a year were dying from thirst and starvation . That 's one person dying every 4.6 seconds ... Hey boss ! A man just called to say that there 's something very strange happening at the dumps . - Strange you say ? Yes . They 've found slugs there over a foot long . Let 's go ! Get the car ... - What are you doing ? - I 've got to go along too . But you 've just gotten back ! - I 'm a cameraman ! Oh Akira , who 'd want pictures of giant slugs ? I 'll drive , I know a shortcut there ... - Right ! Hurry up you guys ! - Right ! Hey , hurry up ! I don 't have time for this . I 've got my orders . I have to destroy these things ! You don 't know what you 're doing ! We haven 't found out what makes the slugs grow so big . You 're destroying a very important discovery ! Oh no you don 't , get back here ... - Doctor , get back ... - We 've got to find out what caused this ! Keep him here . Don 't let him out of your sight . Didn 't you eat at all while you were in Africa ? I don 't think I 've ever seen you so hungry . Here , take some more . Thank you very much . I know the Africans I saw wouldn 't have minded a giant slug or two . That 's disgusting . They 're big , and full of protein . Right doctor ? Maybe , but who knows . I have no idea what could have caused them to grow so big . Nowadays , how many of the Japanese know what 's in the food they eat anyway . We have to eat it all the same though , right ? We haven 't much of a choice since we import almost all of our food . - Still , I 've missed Japanese cooking . Do you remember just a few years back , when AF2 was the latest miracle preservative ? It was an anti-bacterial chemical . It worked very well , so they started to put it in many food products without thinking of the consequences . You mean the stuff that was in the fish ? Right . They used to put it in many foods to keep them from spoiling so quickly . But after a while they found out there was something wrong with it . Like that chemical you 've been working on ? Yes . AF2 was a very popular additive to foods for a while . Then it was discovered that it caused irreparable cell damage to those who ate it . We Japanese were poisoned for years with the very food we ate . But wasn 't AF2 banned after its danger was known ? - It had already been available for years by then . People had already been consuming it for a long time . After so many years of ingesting it , the damage to their systems had already been done . I had expected it all along . " Poison will be hidden in the heads of fish , and those who eat them will die . " A passage from the prophecies of Nostradamus . This book of prophecies has been handed down to us , from one generation to the next . I 've heard of him before ... But do people really believe what his prophecies said ? It 's understandable to be skeptical . But after researching and viewing the data I have found truth in these prophecies . He says that in the seventh month of 1999 a great king of terror will fall from the sky . He 'll cause all sorts of problems . Right , like wars and famine that will eventually lead to the end of the world . One of the Red nations could easily be the means . They have weapons with the power of fifty million tons of conventional explosives . And still they 're making more and larger weapons . Weapons that could turn Tokyo ... no ... all of Japan into an inhospitable wasteland . The Sahara desert is currently six thousand kilometers across and is still steadily expanding . With the lack of proper housing , water , or food , people there find it very hard just to survive . Even the children there are left to fend for themselves . What would we do if Japan and the rest of the world was to be turned into such a place ? That would be horrible . Even with the world as it is , it doesn 't mean the prophecies are coming true . Thanks . A lot of people think like you do . But things will keep getting worse and worse , until we 're at a loss for what to do about them .. You think that if everyone disappeared , things would be fine again . Maybe ... I suppose that no matter how bad things get , you have to have hope . By the way , do you two plan to ... settle ? You mean together ? Well I guess I ... I guess so ... Don 't you think that 's a little personal ? Eh ? Even so ... When two people are in love I can 't see any reason why they shouldn 't be able to settle down . I understand , but with things as crazy as they are ... I know the two of you are worried . But I 'd like for the two of you to start a family . How ? - Why right now ? People are working hard to ruin this world , and someone has to stand against them . But ... - We respect your wishes ... And ... Things are just going to get worse . It 's not easy to raise a family at a time like this . Even so . I 'd like for the two of you to do it all the same . All right , I 'm back . Well ... Who was it that called ? It was ... just another wrong number . Mother , you 've never been good at lying ... Well ... Was it them again ? - Hush ... What do you mean , " them " ? It 's nothing important . - That 's not true . We 've been getting threatening phone calls all week . What ? From who ? Don 't blame her . Yakuza with the factory have been calling for you . They 're very angry about your trying to close it down . They 've been threatening us ever since you started . They don 't care what that the factory is making it unfit to live here anymore . What did they say they 'd do ? They said they 'd abduct your family if you didn 't change your mind . Those bastards even know where you live ... - Akira . I 'm sure they don 't mean to cause us any harm . They 're sure to come to their senses . The bastards ... What an awful thing to do ... So , the bank wouldn 't help . I went to them but I was refused . So I 've come to talk to you instead . Hmm ... I 'm not so sure I can help , especially not since the bank turned you down . But I 'm only asking for a little , and only to help my daughter . Right , I was only teasing . I 'll see to it that you get a raise . Professor ? Think nothing of it . I 'm glad to help you , especially now that you have a grandchild on the way . You don 't know how much I appreciate this . I don 't think I 've ever seen you so happy . I 'm nervous already , I can 't help it ... Just you wait . A few months from now and you 'll be so busy you won 't know what to do with yourself . I 'm looking forward to it . The first grandchild ... ... is always beautiful . The Azuma Skyline ... The Fuji Expressway ... We are destroying these ecosystems that provide us with beauty and clean air to breath , as though we deliberately want to make things harder on ourselves . Protecting them is not merely a matter of sentimentality ... Without these complex ecosystems we cannot continue to survive . In the past people believed that nature was sacred . They built shrines and forbid trespassing . They were thinking in the right direction . Their actions protected those places for hundreds of years , up until our sudden shift in ecological ideology . Look . These sites , protected for centuries , are being systematically destroyed . We 're all complicit in their destruction . It 's the price we paid to make our country an industrial power . This is what all our selfishness has done ! What do you expect us to do ? We don 't own the companies that are doing these things . Do you expect us to take responsbility for their actions ? In a way yes , but you 're not understanding the larger problem . Over the past few decades the population of Japan has grown drastically , and it 's still growing . To suggest that only a handful of us are responsible for the welfare of the country is absurd ! We have to look beyond ourselves and do what needs to be done to keep the natural balance of things in order . Even if cities like Tokyo are growing too large , our technology is constantly advancing . Don 't you think that there may be a technological solution to the problem ? Change of the magnitude we need is not so simple . Overpopulation is a big problem all its own . In this experiment a group of rats were given plenty of resources . Their population increased rapidly . Rats react quickly to overpopulation , and we can easily see its effect on them . Males begin to fight amongst themselves . The females become neurotic , grouping in corners . Mothers devour their own young . They quickly find a solution to their overcrowding : the death of their entire population . This example applies to human beings when their cities become stressed by overpopulation . The same symptoms are present . Large population centers are unfit for habitation and should be abandoned . You certainly have a point , but we 're not rats . It 's taken us centuries to reach our level of civiliation . We can 't afford to start again . Are you suggesting we just forget civilization all together ? I don 't think the solution is so drastic , but we certainly need to start thinking . Our unchecked technological advancement has already done immeasurable damage to the planet , and more is being done all the time . Our planet is being poisoned wth pollution : cadmium , mercury and PCB ... The threat to our survival is far , far too great . Our once beautiful coast is choking on the debris of progress . You fool , don 't cry ! It 's too late for tears ! We can 't go to sea anymore ... - What do you mean , of course we can . But the sea is polluted . - The fish are all dying . How are we to pay for our boats ? - I don 't know . Look , what 's he doing ? Husband ! - What are you doing ! ? - Captain , come back ! Come back my husband , don 't go ! Father , are you mad ? Why are you doing this ! Why ? What else can I do ? Without the sea I 'm finished . Take me , as you have taken the fish and the clams . I 'm ready to die ! How is your father ? - Better . He managed to get to sleep . Good . I 'm glad . It looks so beautiful . It 's hard to believe the sea is polluted . It 's not really beautiful at all . It 's filled with dying fish - I can hear them crying out . People are impossible . They hear about disasters , or see them on the nightly news ... They don 't understand until it happens to them ... Until they are the ones suffering . There must be many like my father . The fish may be dead , but their souls remain in the sea . Look at them all , caught in the motion of the waves and shimmering in the moonlight . It 's like a message to the people , to make sure what has happened to them doesn 't happen to us . You 've grown a lot since I left . My father has always been so selfless . I 've been spoiled and ignorant too long . After what happened to my father , I don 't know . Maybe mankind is starting to go insane . Things are certainly getting worse . But is it really the end of the world ? I have hope that mankind will make it . - How 's that ? People have caused these problems , and they can fix them . Suppose we all go crazy first ? - No ! I have faith in you . And there must be others like us who are trying . I will always believe in mankind . As long as we keep trying , there 's hope . Mariko ... What 's wrong ? Why are you crying ? Because I 'm happy . According to this report from the hospitals in southern Kyushu ... Out of every 1500 children born this year , 473 were born either deformed or partly deformed . A newborn currently only has a three to one chance of surviving . You 're not allowing them to live like this , surely ? The fetus is born in a state of suffocation . It 's just a matter of allowing these to remain that way . But by not giving them a chance to live , you 're killing them . Are you saying I 'm a murderer ? In a way , yes . Then I suppose you 'd allow them to live like that . I know it 's a grim situation , but I 'm afraid that we have no other choice . I see . Do you know what 's causing it ? I believe that chemical pollution of the water supply is causing aberrations in the parents ' genes . What of the families ? What would you tell them ? I can 't think of anything to ease the state of shock they 're in . It 's a terrible situation either way . What ! ? You mean to tell me that Kida 's grandchild was one of them ? Why didn 't you tell me ? Please give her my sympathies . Kida , they did their best . I 'm sure you 'll have a beautiful grandchild . They 'll just have to keep trying . Doctor , what makes you think it won 't happen again ? They were both perfectly healthy when they conceived . Not in my years working for you , or in all my life , have I seen something so disturbing as this . I know you mean well doctor , but I saw that thing she gave birth to . ... the thing that was supposed to be a child . And how terrifying it was , dying as I held it in my own hands ! Doctor ! Look at me ? Why are you turning form my suffering ! ? Doctor ... Doctor ! I want you to see my pain ! Husband , try to calm yourself . It 's not the doctor 's fault this has happened . Doctor , please forgive us . We 've been through a lot these past few days . The death of a child is always upsetting . ... especially when it 's part of your own family . As a doctor , I understand . I understand completely . Please forgive my outburst . Don 't worry about it , Kida . This type of thing is enough to drive anyone to ... I offer you my deepest sympathies . ... please accept and my apologies . Excuse me , are you Dr. Nishiyama ? My daughter has been quite ill , and you 've come highly recommended . I must leave for a short while , but if you 're available at three I can see you then . I see , thank you very much . SCIENTIFIC MISSION TO NEW GUINEA Scientists From around the world gather to investigate strange phenomena It 's almost time for your flight , so we 'll say our farewells here . I wish you to the best of luck , and keep fit . We 'll be all right . - The UN has hired the best scientists in the world for this expedition . Try not to worry about us ... Doesn 't work ? Fire is most important in the jungle . Ihara , why not lend him your lighter . Sure . Here you are . - Oh , you don 't have to ... Don 't worry , I 'll buy him a new one . Now remember . We 're all counting on you to do your utmost . - Right . I 've heard that things have gotten very bad in New Guinea recently . Yes , a few of my staff have gone there to investigate the situation . The television said that some of the people there are going insane , and that no one knows what 's causing it . The news from there is certainly unsettling , with people suffering from neurosis and hallucinations . It 's enough to worry anybody . You hear about these things happening all over the world . It makes you wonder ... What if it happened here ? It 'll be okay . Everything will be all right . But doctor ... You two don 't need to worry about that , but about what 's making your daughter feel sick . We Japanese have enough on our hands without worrying about this too . I told you it was nothing to panic over . So about our daughter , doctor ? I 'll tell you what I can do . I could give her medication to take every day , but I 'd rather suggest something else . What do you do for a living ? - I 'm just a carpenter . That 's perfect . I 'd like for you to take some time off , to go away for a while . Get your family out of the city . Tokyo is far too polluted , and moving to the country would do more good than anything . You mean we can 't stay in Tokyo ? No , I don 't recommend it . Your child will be much better off away from here . But don 't worry so much ! Hey you , why don 't you come see me for a minute . This child is certainly one of the fittest to come through here in a long while . So , little girl , what do you want to be when you grow up ? - I want to be an actress . Is that so ! You can help her a lot , but , it will mean relocating . I suggest you act quickly , find yourselves a nice place in the country where it 's still fit for people to live . We understand . I want to thank you very much , doctor , for seeing us on such short notice . - No no . Think nothing of it . Thank you . Hello . Yes , this is Nishiyama . Oh , it 's you , thanks very much for calling . Right . What ? What do you mean by that ? Uh huh , just because I 'm trying to put a stop to the pollution . Money ? Huh ? What for ? It 's not my fault you refuse to ... Things are finally coming to a head . Doctor , I have the x-rays you asked for . I 'm not sure what to make of it myself . There 's been a 15 to 20 percent increase in cancer patients over the last few years . After all this time , the effects of chemical exposure on the general population are beginning to show themselves . So you 're certain that this is related to the rise in chemical pollution ? No doubt about it . Do you think that 's the cause of it ? - Yes . HALLUCINATION REPORTED ! People going insane What 's wrong ? Five O 'clock train to Arabatsu , now boarding . The strange weed appeared suddenly in the tunnels . Similar accidents have been reported across the city . This is just one of the strange phenomena currently taking place in Japan . There is no doubt that more such phenomena are yet to come . - National Board of Scientists - Another example is the population around an abandoned zinc mine . The people there drank from the same water supply that was used for the mine . Some of the children there have developed shocking capabilities . A few have discovered that they can walk with amazing speed . Others have found that they can jump enormous heights . Still others are capable of calculating faster than a modern computer . It seems that these strange capabilities are due to malformations of the brain , and can prove fatal . Indeed , many of the children there are already dying from complications . And what do you suggest we do , Nishiyama ? We 're trying to overcome our pollution problems with our most advanced equipment . What else can we do ? I know know you 're tyring , but who can say that our new methods won 't end up just creating more pollution ? The expansion of undersea oil wells has already resulted in widespread pollution of the ocean floor . Terrestrial generation of electricity creates arsenic in the air , and we have yet to find a solution to the problem of nuclear waste disposal . We 've reached an advanced stage in our civilization , we can 't just go back . Progress is human instinct , we have to move on . I understand , but the earth is littered with the ruins of societies that had reached advanced levels of civilization . Without exception , all of these civilizations have failed . How can mankind presume to be lords over the earth ... ... when it makes blind advancement , at the same time destroying the world around it . Advanced civilization . What have we really accomplished ? Criticizing our current shortcomings is not our only problem . We have to develop for the future . I agree , science must look ahead . But the development you speak of would only result in the destruction of this planet ! Can I offer an opinion ? You 're a misguided idealist . We 're trying to solve our problems logically . Your arguments are based on pure conjecture ! And that 's not all . You 're starting to scare the public . The prophecies of Nostradamus ... That 's not scientific at all . You 're lying to them . So now I 'm a liar as well . If you think our pollution is a lie then perhaps you 've never experienced it . It may be too late for that now , however . There is truth in what Nostradamus wrote . Century 2 , prophecy 46 After great troubles for humanity , greater ones are prepared ... The great mover renews the ages ... Rain , blood , milk , famine , steel , and plague ... Fire will be seen in the skies , a long spark running ... This is a fair representation of our world today , the end of the age of science . I appreciate your opinions Mr. Nishiyama . But suppose you were in my position , what would you do about things ? Just what would you do to make them right again ? As a Christian I must admit , it looks like the world today is coming to an end as foretold in the book of Revelation ... And it 's not enough to pray to God . I have to send a report to the Minister of Environment . We have to come up with a workable solution to our present crisis . I 'd tell him this and make an address to the people . I 'd speak to them honestly . Let them know that in order to survive they 'll have to put up with all manner of discomforts . We 'll close down all of the factories , save those that are essential . Keep them that way for at least ten years , until pollution is in check . - What you 're proposing is impossible ... Survival must take priority . Everything will have to be reworked , food carefully rationed . Even if it means a diet of millet alone , we must check our population growth . Though I 'm afraid to say that many of the old and weak will most likely not survive . - What you propose is completely inhumane ! Perhaps , but the survival of the majority must take priority . This is like fascism under the Nazis ! Stop playing the humanitarian and come to terms with the situation . Anyway , none of your predictions have become reality . They will if we do nothing . You 're just too busy with your cheap morality to see the scope of the problem ! Gentlemen , thank you for your proposals . I will be taking them to the Prime Minister for approval . With a little luck we can make it through this crisis . The air is polluted . The particles in the atmosphere are intercepting the sun 's rays before they can reach the Earth , with the result that they are cooled . For example : The Pacific Ocean north of the Hawaiian islands has been frozen . Africa , India , and southeast Asia are all suffering from chronic droughts that have ruined the harvests and are pushing nearly a billion people to the brink of starvation . - Swiss Conference - Rescue efforts by the developed nations aren 't progressing as well as was anticipated . What could cause a drought of such magnitude ? The unusually cold air around the poles has caused the polar winds to expand , pushing the high prevailing westerly zone southward ... ... which , in turn , has pushed down the subtropical high pressure areas and thinned the tropical pluvial zones . Warm air masses have been created in the tropical zones in response to the cold , stimulating the South / North heat exchange movement . This has caused the prevailing westerlies to waver northward and southward , thus resulting in the drastic changes in weather that are devastating the world with droughts in some areas and deluges in others . All of this has aggravated global food shortages . The quickly rising populations of the third world nations of Africa and Asia have spurred vast food shortages ... Objection ! You never talk about food shortages without first blaming the increase of our population . The developed nations are very egotistical . You take animal protein from livestock that feed on cereal . The nutritional value of the cereal diminishes once it is fed to the livestock . In chicken it is one third . In pork , one sixth . In beef , one twelfth . In summary , the world 's agricultural products , amounting to one billion two hundred million tons a year , are reduced to seven hundred million tons thanks to the luxury diets of the developed nations . Let 's talk about that before you blame everything on our population ... There is a conflict brewing between the developed nations and the underdeveloped nations , that is only being aggravated by the world food crisis . We currently produce only 40 percent of our own food , importing the rest from other countries . This is the world 's lowest . What will we do when we are hit by our own food crisis ? - Meeting of the Cabinet - When we can 't import the other 60 percent ? It may not happen this year , or the next , but we will eventually have to face this problem . Now , you 've made a good point . We made a mistake when we decided long ago to import the majority of our food . We are well aware of the problem . My cabinet and I are currently developing a new food program to ensure our nation 's survival . That 's not enough. how do you intend to implement this new food plan ? You can 't turn neglected fields into fertile farmland overnight . And what guarantee do you have that the people who left the farms for work in the cities will come back ? I am well aware of the problem . As prime minister I have to see to it that this plan is implemented effectively , however I have to do it . We have to succeed at all costs , there is no room for failure . But what plan do you currently ... - Excuse me for a moment ... The expedition by the UN to investigate the strange phenomena in New Guinea has disappeared . The problems in New Guinea are thought to be caused by the collection of radioactive dust clouds over the island . The cause for their gathering is still unknown . The UN wants to send a second investigative team to find and , if possible , rescue the first ... I volunteer to go . Paupau , New Guinea Are you all right ? - Yeah , I 'm fine ... Oh God . Why would you make such hell on Earth for men to suffer ? If it can happen in this remote part of the world ... ... who 's to say the rest of the world won 't be turned into this kind of hell ? ... who 's to say the rest of the world won 't be turned into this kind of hell ? ... And in Japan ... ...... In Japan at 12 : 43 this afternoon , an SST exploded while flying over the inland sea . To repeat ... Nitric oxide released by the explosion has affected the ozone layer and is allowing enormous amounts of ultraviolet radiation , typically blocked by the atmosphere , to hit the Earth . A tanker has exploded and started a massive fire at the Kawasaki refinery in Tokyo ... And this just in , another SST flying over Japan has exploded . The ozone layer continues to be destroyed . The ice-caps are melting as even more ultraviolet radiation hits the Earth . - In the Arctic Circle ... . - More such SST explosions would prove disastrous for people everywhere ... Weather worldwide has already been drastically effected by the disasters , but the full effects have yet to be seen ... More effects from the disaster : A massive rainstorm has developed over Tokyo this evening . Rampant flooding is anticipated from the storm and forecasters have no end in sight . Century 10 , prophecy 71 ... Both the earth and the sky will freeze a great sea ... Great storms will come to torment from the four corners of the world and the skies will never be so fair again ... In America , the Mississippi River has flooded over it 's banks . Nearly the entire grain belt has been destroyed and forecasters say that it 's the worst flooding in the nation 's history . In China , Australia , and the Soviet Union , large scale droughts have taken their toll , destroying many of their grain crops . Nearly all of the world 's major grain exporters have been affected by the recent extreme weather ... Our own country , which imports 60 percent of it 's food , has also been hit hard by these disasters . Careful food rationing will have to be put into effect if our nation is to survive . It 's all happening just as your father said it would . I had hoped he would be wrong this time . Father should be here . He should try to be here when things are bad . I don 't mind . It 's more important for him to continue his work . - Mother ! I 'm really feeling much better today . - I 'll help you up . I haven 't quite regained my strength though . I don 't know how I 'm going to survive this crisis . - Don 't talk like that . You 'll live a long time yet . Perhaps . Mariko . You 're with a child aren 't you ? I thought so , I 'm very happy . Mother ... Your father doesn 't really want you to have a child yet . - I can understand , with the world the way it is . But ... Everything will be okay though . It 's Akira 's of course . Does he know yet ? I haven 't told him yet . - I see . I thought to ask your uncle earlier , and he said it would be fine for you to stay with him in the country . It would be a wonderful place to raise a child . It would be good for you and the baby to be away from the city . It 's still clean where your uncle lives , and there is plenty of food to eat . Mother . I know you must be scared , but it will be a beautiful baby . - But ... It 's your job now to bring this child into the world , though it will take work . Right . As a mother , it 's your duty to take care of it as best you can , regardless of how trying times may get . Do you understand ? Yes . My next life is through your child . - What ? I 'm feeling very tired again . The disasters are bad , but nothing is more damaging than rumors . We have to work together if we are to survive . Excuse me . Yes , Hello ? Oh it 's you ... Hmm ? I understand . No , I don 't know when I 'll be able to come home . You heard from our doctor ? Oh , I was afraid of that . I 'm not sure what caused it , probably all of the benzopyrene in the air . It effects the respiratory organs and can be fatal . I want you to stay with her until I can get back . The whole world is watching to see how we handle this crisis . We have to take the situation more seriously . We must face the facts . We must work together , and try to avoid doing anything foolish . The government has issued a statement declaring that food rationing will soon be put into effect . They insure that there will be more than enough food for everyone , and that if we work together we can overcome this crisis . To repeat ... I have the final plans for the food rationing . Everything is in order . Ah , very good . The only question is when to put them into effect . - I want them made effective immediately . Huh ? But what about ... - I said immediately . We 'll never overcome the crisis if we don 't act . I can only hope the people still trust us . Disperse immediately . All those who do not return to their homes will be put under arrest . The Tomei , Joyo , and all other highways heading out of Tokyo are backed up for miles after the announcement of food rationing . In spite of assurances from the government , people are packing up with everything they have and fleeing the metropolitan area in fear of expected riots ... Shit ! ... Century 1 , prophecy 22 ... The creature that finds itself without senses of its own ... Will soon determine it 's own end through artificial ones ... From the ports of Abaratsu and Hayama today sailed hundreds of youths . They have taken no food or water with them and have thus far refused any contact with the coast guard . They intend to sail until the sea takes them . They know it 's suicide . Century 10 , prophecy 98 ... The splendor of many beautiful maidens ... Never again will it be so bright ... The splendor of many beautiful maidens ... Never again will it be so bright ... Century 1 , prophecy 69 ... After war , peace , famine and floods ... A great mountain of people will converge ... They will spread throughout the cities , drowning them in their onslaught ... Tokyo isn 't the only place . There are riots in Kyushu as well . Unless we do something fast the entire country will be engulfed in anarchy . We have to keep an eye on the radical political groups . They may choose now as the time for an uprising . - We have to act fast . Prime Minister , the riot police are nowhere near enough to take care of these riots . Call the defense force into action , before it 's too late . No . I can 't do that . - What ? Why the hell not ! ? Because these aren 't riots . Oh ? What do you call them , then ? They 're human instinct . The people are afraid , so they 've taken their lives into their own hands . But we assured them that everything was fine , everyone would have enough to eat ... We 've lost them . I told you before that this would be a difficult situation to resolve . It 's our own fault if they 've lost trust in us . All we can do is have patience . We must wait until this panic is over , and common sense has returend to the Japanese people . Century 2 , prophecy 75 ... So high will the bushel of wheat rise ... That man will be devouring his fellow man ... ... husband It 's lovely . Try not to talk . You need to save your strength . I feel so sad . - Why ? I guess because the people have lost the will to live on ... I look forward to the world to come . But it saddens me to think that while I 'm there , this world may be coming to an end . Try not to think about it . And now , as a woman , aftar all we 've been through , to leave my husband behind ... I feel true pain . Husband , will you hate me for this ? Don 't be silly . My love for you is just as strong as it was in the beginning . That makes me happy . I never meant to be burden . You were always far from that . Are you cold ? You 're shivering . Here . No . I 'm so sorry dear . For leaving you here like this . Hold my hand . A distant country , I can see it right before me ... ... and beautiful flowers , that cover it 's shores ... I want to go there ... such a beautiful place . Can you still hear me ? Nobuo , what 's that ? Don 't go , okay ? She 's left me . She 's dead ... It 's like a terrible dream . - I don 't think there 's an end to this nightmare . So there 's no stopping doomsday ? - There are still plenty of things the people can do . Please , will you tell Mariko that her mother is dead ? - Yes . And if it 's possible I 'd like you to stay with her until this is over . Lovers should be together in times like this . Yes , I 'll go to her . And you ? I 'l stay here and wait for the end to come . The smog has effected the atmosphere , causing it to act like a reflex mirror . It 's reflecting the city beneath upside down . Listen . We 're having a baby . A ... ba ... by ... One life has left the Earth , and another comes to take its place . My mother believed her next life would be through my child . She wanted me to have it . And will you ? Of course I will . What about your father ? It 's a woman 's duty to bear children and raise them as best they can , regardless of how difficult times may get . Something could happen to us while I 'm pregnant . The possibility certainly exists . And the thought of something like that scares me . In that case why not reconsider ? Aren 't you happy to be a father ? Of course I am ! Very happy . But I 'm frightened ... Well you can stop your worrying . Nothing is going to happen . Look . Inside here a new life is growing . Right here . Soon it 'll start moving . Stop that ! Don 't touch it ! You 're crazy ! You can 't touch my baby ! - Hey , it 's my baby too ! Come on ! - No ! Other such events were reported throughout Japan . To many , they were omens of an impending final catastrophe . Many feared for their lives , and panic was widespread . Some people predicted a great earthquake . A disaster of any magnitude would be enough to bring our already weakened nation to it 's knees . Japan still has a large number of active volcanoes and seismic areas , so such a catastrophe is within the realm of possibility . A single cataclysmic event could start a chain reaction , and our country would be destroyed in a series of disasters . Fukushima Nuclear Plant When it comes to nuclear power , there can be no safeguard . No plant can be entirely safe from earthquakes . If such an accident were to occur the effects of the nuclear pollution would be truly terrifying . Yet we persist , in spite of the warnings . There are still many nuclear powers , and a halt to all testing is far from becoming a reality . The race division is still prevalent and the food crisis has only exacerbated the situation . All of these things make a new war between nations a real possibility . And if a war starts , even if its only a local war , if the bomb , the nuclear bomb , is used then mankind can count the days . And there 's every chance that a local conflict would escalate to a global war . Missile Base A Missile Base B Missile Base C - In the seventh month ... ... of 1999 , The great king of terror will fall from the skies ... In the silos , all the people are dead . Still the missiles ... ....... Even if all human life is destroyed , the Earth will remain . Time will pass over our ruined lands . Little will change for centuries . Boso Peninsula . Kuju Park . Chiba . Kanto Plain . Tokyo Bay . Where Tokyo once was ... The splendor of many beautiful maidens Never again will they be so bright The flesh will be peeled back from the bone And strange creatures will walk the Earth None of this has happened yet . It may never happen . None of us knows the future . But with the problems currently facing us such a world could exist ! It 's possible ! Prime Minister . You are a human being like any other , but you still have a responsibility ... ... to ensure that people don 't allow such things to come to pass . Otherwise we 're racing towards self destruction ! I implore you to continue to apply your policies of benevolence . That way we can all live with hope . At present , as it has been deemed ... Japan is my responsibility . A Japan to which the whole world is looking to for an example . Japan , as it stands today , is in very dire straits . But I will try my best to put it back on the proper path . This , like so many other things , will be no easy task . But Japan must step in to help lead the rest of the world out of its present crisis . I will need assistance in bringing our country back to its admirable status . Today I am asking for that assistance . For far too long people have done nothing . People who have in their power the ability to change more than anyone in my cabinet ... In comparison , I and my cabinet are completely powerless without them . Without them , I have no support , no ability to rule , no ability to govern , no ability to help ... You are the people who represent the greater Japan . You are the ones who have the power to right our country 's troubled course . You are the only ones with the ability to change anything . A government has , at the most , a limited power . Without the support of the people , a government such as ours is completely powerless to act . But with the support of everyone in the country , we may be able to overcome this crisis and put our nation on the right track again . For far too long now we 've pretended that we could solve our problems ourselves , without the trust of our citizens . I hope it 's not too late to ask for that trust . Right now , I am asking unequivocally for your support . Now is the time for Japan to rise up as an example for the rest of the world . With all of your help we can get going on the right track . It will take lots of hard work on all our parts to accomplish what we have to ... ... and if we fail to accomplish what is needed of us , then the future of mankind is in question . This is a fact . Which way things go is dependent solely on us . We hold in our hands the opportunity to change the course of history for the better . So use that ability , for the sake of our culture and for the sake of our traditions ... Most importantly of all , do it for the sake of our children , and for our children 's ' children . Do your part to ensure that the new citizens of our country have a fit place in which to live and grow . Without it there will be no place for future generations at all . Without it , everything may come to an end before our future generations even have a chance ... The human spirit is the most powerful tool we have . So use it , for our sake and for the sake of everyone on this planet . What 's more , you must take action . Our future as a species hangs in the balance , and you are the only ones who can act to save it . The story you have just seen is a work of fiction , but the events it portrayed may yet take place in our world . It 's up to you to take action to ensure that these events do not come to pass .
