 ( Pulsing and crackling ) ( Pulsing and crackling fades ) I am Adrian Tripod , the Director of this place , the House of Skin . In a sense , my present incarnation was generated by the mad dermatologist Antoine Rouge . The House of Skin began its existence as a residential clinic for wealthy patients who were treated for severely pathological skin conditions induced by contemporary cosmetics . ( Rhythmic croaking and birds tweeting ) Antoine Rouge , who at the time , was considered little more then a gifted technician seized control of the house many years ago and guided it towards a more fantastic species of research . There was much opposition to the Rougian ascendancy in certain high places . ( Indistinct atmospheric sounds ) ( Cawing ) ( Buzzing ) The House is undeniably in decline . Somehow , without my direct comprehension of it , it has fallen into the hands of my two sullen interns . Their purposes are entirely opaque to me . As are the purposes of so many others . Before the disappearance of Antoine Rouge , there were many strange creatures in residence here . But for some time now , there has only been one . And he I believe , I have noted a whitish , aerated amorphous affluence oozing from his ears . I am not quite certain . My interns have also noted the deadly emergence of this secretion which we call Rouge 's foam . ( Whimpering ) ( Rhythmic pulsing ) ( Rapid rhythmic pulsing ) ( Pulsing stops ) ( Wind howling , birds tweeting ) ( Ghostly sounds ) It has been mandatory to cremate all those who have died from Rouge 's Malady . Although during the period of secretion and haemorrhage , the various pathological fluids are relatively harmless , even essentially attractive . These fluids soon develop a virulence which can be devastating . There was a time when Rouge 's Malady appeared only in post-pubertal human females . ( Repetitive hooting and birds tweeting ) It is perhaps natural that in my present confusion I should find my way to the Institute of Neo-Venereal Disease . In the exhilarating days of Rougian administration , there was much collaboration between the House and this institute . ( Crackling ) ( Bird tweeting ) My former colleague has somehow withdrawn . He himself has contracted a species of venereal disease from one of his patients . He was once a fierce sensualist but he has now become a pure metaphysician . His body has begun to create puzzling organs . Each one very complex , very perfect , unique yet seemingly without function . As each is surgically removed , it is quickly replaced by another equally mysterious . He has taken to breaking into the specimens room and stealing the jars containing these organs . His body , he insists , is a galaxy . And these creatures are solar systems . He becomes melancholy when they are far from him . His nurse says that his disease is possibly a form of creative cancer . I believe that this is what they have said . It is difficult to recall so many dialects when one has remained so long in isolation . ( Crackling ) I have found a position as a therapist with the Oceanic Podiatry Group . They support their theoretical structure , in part , by a grossly distorted interpretation of the later evolutionary writings of Antoine Rouge . Still the closeness of certain Rougian concepts is comforting . The technique I am to attempt is the invocation of the genetic history of feet . That is , tentacles , lobed fins , flippers and so on . By these and other more esoteric means , I am to reverse the psychic relapse , now so common , which can occur under intense genetic pressure . I am , thereby , to encourage patients to bear the burden of a suddenly alien gravity . To walk , for example , when they would prefer to revert to more primitive oceanic forms . ( Chirping ) ( Chirping grows louder ) ( Chirping stops ) ( Rattling ) ( Rapid whirring ) ( Grows louder ) ( Silence ) ( Cawing ) ( Cawing grows louder ) ( Chirping ) ( Rhythmic beeping ) ( Silence ) ( Seagull squawking ) ( Mechanical engine sound ) ( Electronic sounds ) I have achieved a sort of equilibrium in my anonymity here at Metaphysical Import-Export . It has been simple to remain aloof from the internal workings of this corporation because as a minor intramural courier I am not required to communicate with many candidates for executive positions with whom I deal . As a consequence , however , I am uncertain as to what constitutes the significance of their incessant exercises and competitions . ( Water gushing ) When Antoine Rouge disappeared soon after he had himself contracted the disease which bears his name , we believed that he had preferred to die alone in an exile only partially self-willed . Still , he on one occasion remarked that Rouge 's Malady could not possibly be fatal to Rouge though it had already killed hundreds of thousands of women . And it is true that his death was confirmed only by certain authorities who had long wished for his death . Yet , the Rouge , as my mentor , and I were preternaturally close . And I feel sure that he no longer exists . ( Static-like pulsing ) I have been studying the stereoscopic card delivered to me by the man with webbed toes . Though his manner was brutal , the card he left me was both inviting and peculiarly flattering . Yet it was perhaps because of the perverse sexual nature of the card 's images , so reminiscent of those which had gained an odd popularity at the House of Skin which decided me against contacting these subtle colleagues as they describe themselves . ( Metallic pulse and dripping ) I fear , however , that if I remain here much longer my hard won equilibrium may become a morbid stasis . ( Metallic pulse and dripping grows louder ) ( Silence ) My former difficult patient now welcomes me with open arms . He no longer limps and claims that as a result of my abortive attempt at oceanic therapy he feels he has come to terms with his mutant toes . He adds something elaborately philosophical about sea creatures , air and water , but his idioms are extremely obscure . As I had anticipated , I have been invited to join a gathering of conspirators . Their purposes are , as yet , opaque to me . As are the purposes of so many others . It is , however , quite clear that they are heterosexual paedophiles . A group specifically outlawed though increasingly pervasive , nonetheless . We are now all disciples of a new master it seems . He is called Jomkin . He describes these provocative spheres as his aquaria and directs me to engage psychically any aquarium for which I feel empathy . I cannot deny my attraction to certain of these perverse multi-dimensional images . Jomkin suggests that there must evolve a novel sexuality for a new species of man . An emergent genetic biochemistry for a most innovatively reproductive form of life . He mentions Antoine Rouge . But ... I cannot seem to see the connection between ( Non-descript scraping and cutting ) ( Silence ) Adrian Tripod has been accepted by the Board of Directors of the Gynaecological Research Foundation . The Liaison Officer complains that his feet and legs are most unpredictable . He is afraid that they will give out on him entirely some day without warning . And so when he is alone , he does not walk . He notes the vastness of the Foundation 's quarters and the difficulty in reaching aid for those suddenly rendered helpless . In this connection , he mentions the Foundation 's hired gunman who apparently has a tendency to misinterpret subtle social confrontations . Adrian Tripod is to be directly introduced to the subject of his study . She is a research import brought at great expense from a great distance across several most contentious borders . The Corporation Metaphysical Import-Export has been involved in the venture . He stresses the complex nature of prematurely induced puberty which leaves such a subject vulnerable to Rouge 's Malady and is unable to guarantee that she is not already somewhat defective in this respect . ( Static-like noise ) ( Silence ) ( Loud indistinct atmospheric sounds ) ( Silence ) ( White noise ) ( White noise grows louder ) ( Silence ) At an obscure hotel for transients , the same one some had said , that the faded mad dermatologist Antoine Rouge occupied during those last years in exile , Adrian Tripod secures temporary accommodations for himself and his fellow subversives . ( Distant birdsong ) The concierge speaks at length about a root-like excrescence which has begun to grow from one of his nostrils . He believes it to be an extension of certain cerebral nerve cells . A modified antennae , perhaps , a delicate sensing organ . Attuned to what ? I ask him about Antoine Rouge but he does not answer . ( Loud birdsong ) ( Dull white noise ) Although for safety 's sake , we shall be without Jomkin 's guidance for some time , we have agreed among ourselves that there must be no delay in attempting to impregnate our strange , unfathomable captive . ( Pulsing ) ( Static-like noise ) ( Silence ) ( White noise and pulsing ) ( Pulsing continues ) Adrian Tripod senses the presence of Antoine Rouge . ( Indistinct atmospheric sounds )
