 Would you look this way please ? Okay ! One moment . Mr. President , all systems activated . - I hope I didn 't keep you waiting too long . - Oh no , not at all . Congratulations Dr. Forbin . It 's a marvellous achievement . Thank you sir . - Hear , Hear ! - The limousine is ready for here . Of course it 's gonna put me out of a job and put the Pentagon in mothballs , but ah .. - Congratulations Dr. Forbin . - I 'm quite sure that won 't happen . Listen to him , he 's more relieved than anybody . Well the secretary of defence and the secretary of state and myself er .. had a discussion on our way out here and as to the treatment needed , when we tell the country about it . And er .. we all agree it should be simple and direct . Yes . Downgrade the biggest top-secret in all history , to plain unclassified . Now all we have to do is tell the people about it . Thank you sir . My friends , fellow citizens of the world . For years we have been delicately and desperately poised upon the brink of a disaster , too complete and horrible to contemplate . There is an old saying : Everyone makes mistakes , but that is just what man can no longer afford . For years , we here in the United States have been working on that problem . Until now it 's been our most closely guarded secret , involving great effort , and vast expenditure , but it has been met with success . As President of the United States of America , I can now tell you , the people of the entire world , that as of 3 AM eastern standard time , the defence of this nation , and with it , the defence of the free world , has been the responsibility of a machine . A system we call , Colossus . Far more advanced than anything previously built . Capable of studying intelligence , and data fed to it , and on the basis of those facts only , deciding if an attack is about to be launched upon us . If it did decide that an attack was imminent , Colossus would then act immediately , for it controls its own weapons , and can select and deliver , whatever it considers appropriate . Colossus ' decisions are superior to any we humans can make , for it can absorb and process more knowledge than is remotely possible for the greatest genius that ever lived . And even more important than that it has no emotions , knows no fear , no hate , no envy . It cannot act in a sudden fit of temper . It cannot act at all , so long as there is no threat . I would now like you to meet Dr. Charles Forbin , the worlds leading expert on computer systems . And if you will , the father of Colossus . Thank you Mr. President . Ladies and gentlemen , I will .. try to make this as simple as possible . The main memory and central processing units are located here in the Rocky Mountains , inside this particular mountain , in Colorado . And overlooking the Pacific Ocean in California , the Colossus programming office oversees the entire operation . The .. computer centre , contains over one hundred thousand remote censors and communication devices , which monitor all , electronic transmissions , such as microwaves , laser , radio and television communications , data communications from satellites , in orbit all over the world . The entire system , is surrounded by fields of intensified gamma radiation and other countermeasure devices . Colossus works completely without human aid . We make no secret , of where Colossus is located , nor do we intend to conceal how it functions . You may rightfully say that this leaves us wide open to an attack frontally and subversively and if that attack were successful , it would in effect leave us defenceless . However , Colossus does have its own defence . It is its own defence . In case of an attack , on any of its information supply or power lines , Colossus will switch on emergency circuits , which will then take the appropriate action . It is .. self-sufficient , self-protecting , self-generating . It is impenetrable . In short , there 's no way in . No human being can touch it . Over here .. we have one of the many terminals , directly hooked , to the computer centre . Through this , Colossus can communicate with us , - excuse me gentlemen - and through this machine , we in turn can communicate with Colossus . Now there 's one last point . One inevitable question , which we have been asked very frequently before . And that is , is Colossus capable of creative thought ? Can it initiate new thought ? I can tell you that the answer to that is No . However , Colossus is a paragon of knowledge , and its knowledge can be expanded indefinitely . I hope , along with all the scientists who , helped make this particular project , that the immense power of this computer will not only be used , for the defence of this country , but hopefully also as an aid to the solution of the many problems that we face on this earth , and the many more problems that we will face , the more deeply we penetrate into the universe . Thank you . Mr. President . Thank you Dr. Forbin . And so , my fellow human beings , we all directly and indirectly live in the shade , but not the shadow of Colossus . My sincere hope , is that now , we shall join hands and hearts across this great globe , and pledge our time and our energies , to the elimination of war , elimination of famine , of suffering , and ultimately to the manifestation of the human millennium . This can be done , but first there must be peace . Thank you . CPR Rec-Room , Blake Miller here . What ? ! Just a minute , I can 't hear you . Hey , hold it down ! Hey , kill the noise , hold it . It 's The White House . - Hello Charles . - Hello Blake . How is everyone ? - Everything 's fine down here Charles . - Very good . Dr. Forbin , we had a power failure in one of the infra-red satellites . I can 't , I can 't quite hear you Dr. Markham . We had a power failure in one of the infra-red satellites about an hour and a half ago , but Colossus switched immediately to the backup system and didn 't lose any data . So everything 's fine now . Everything 's been going so well , we don 't know what to do with ourselves . Out of desperation , Angela and I have decided to get married . Finally , finally . Very good . Charlie , is that your crew on the phone ? - Certainly is Mr. President . - Can I talk to them ? - Just go ahead sir . - Blake , Hello ! - Hello Mr. President . - Hello everyone . - How are you ? - Are you having a good time ? Yeah ! Very good . Ahh , folks , I just wanna congratulate all of you , and wish all of you er .. good luck on your next projects . Thank you Mr. President . Have a good rest , you deserve it . - Thank you . - We will ! That looks like quite a party you 've got goin ' there . Bye bye . Have fun . Here 's Dr. Forbin again . How 's the party down there Charles ? I said , Charles , how 's the party at that end ? I wish I could be there with you because this party is becoming a crashing bore . Please not that song , please not . Dr. Forbin , send us a souvenir , will you ? Say that again , what ? ! Steal us an ashtray from The White House , OK ? Very good . Goodbye . The President would like to say a few words . Mr. President ! Thank you Sam . Has everybody had a drink ? No ? ! Well , you get one , I 'll wait for you . Harry Truman , years ago , when everybody was talking about , passing the buck said that the buck stops right here - but now that 's no longer true . - Hear hear ! Colossus will now take that buck . It will also have to take that responsibility of a mega-million lives that all presidents have had to carry since Roosevelt . And now , thanks to this wonder of science , Man no longer .. Ladies and gentlemen , may I have your attention please . Quiet , please , ladies and gentlemen . May I have your attention ! One moment . Everyone who 's not Colossus cleared must leave the room . I 'm very sorry . My apologies . Thank you , thank you very much . Is this a joke ? Is somebody putting me on ? Sorry sir , I can 't hear a word you are saying . Would you be so kind as to have them stop singing in the background ? - What ? - Have them stop singing in the background . The music , oh I 'm sorry . - Stop the music ! - One new , another system ? I have no idea sir , I 'm I 'm just trying to find out . One moment , please . - Yes , Dr. Forbin . - Doctor ? There was just a message here from Colossus in Washington DC . Can you explain that ? - That 's impossible . - What do you mean a message ? Everybody ! Hold it , hold it a minute ! Guess what ? There 's a strange message on display . No no , wait a minute , I 'm not kidding , it .. it reads : There is another system . That 's impossible . Could I have your attention please . Dr. Markham and the rest of you . Be so kind as to check the administrative control programs right now . Just a moment . Present ? Soviet Ambassador , says it 's urgent . Hello ? Yes . What time do you call Mr. Ambassador ? Oh yes we are , we are very proud . Repeat that again please . Yes I am . Well , thank you for telling me in advance . No , no comment . Goodnight Mr. Ambassador . Goodnight . Dr. Fischer , run all the test programs . Get me Grauber . What 's the CIA been doing ? Well everyone , that 's it . The supreme council of the U.S.S.R. has ordered as of 2300 hours Moscow time tomorrow , the activation of an electronic brain , exactly like ours , which they call Guardian , to be used solely for defence . My god , that 's the other system . Ted , I want a complete rundown on central intelligence , and no military moves to be carried out without my personal orders . Yes , Mr. President . Charles , what do you think this means ? To be quite frank with you , sir .. I don 't know , I 'm not sure . Well , I am . It means there 's been a security leak . Sir , science is full of coincidences . Yes . Peterson ! What 's happening ? They 're still trying to find it . - Well have him paged . - Hello Byron . You said we were years ahead of the Russians . This was to be the race we won hands down , without the splitting of one political hair . It was a hell of a shock , but we did get there first , no-one can deny that . And there 's one bright spot , the way Colossus came up with the tip . I didn 't realize we 'd be getting bonuses like that . Neither did I. What do you mean ? I 'm as surprised as you are , Sir . There 's a spy there , Charlie . You 've got a Russian agent in your crew . - Where is Grauber ? - He 's coming Mr. President . Ok , well .. What do you mean , surprised ? What kind of surprise ? If we don 't find any bugs in the system , it 's built even better than we thought . Morning Charles ! I cancelled all vacations , put the entire crew on emergency . The ah .. White House called a defence group meeting , for tomorrow morning . They wanna have you there . That leaves us very little time . Four hundred cycle powers of plasma running at about , four percent disclosure . Good , that 's well within specification limits . I ran the communication subset check-out program , it 's perfect . So what do I do next , I 've tried everything I could think of . Well try putting a dummy load on the system and run it again , see if there 're any changes . Maybe the system is overloaded , alright ? Find anything at all ? Nothing , everything checks out . Let me see this over here . Here are the results of the last test . And they check , here see ? It 's the same thing . Harrison .. Check the perimeter bank and see if the reading of any two produces a new third , alright ? Dr. Fisher , thank you . Jeff .. The console 's feeling fine , hardware 's healthy too . You 're a big help . Miss Fields .. May I suggest , Sir , that we first start , with the E-15-B test program ? Er .. no . Now let us run the ah .. EC-13 , right ? It 's two pages back . Lewis , any coffee ? - I 'll get you some Charles , I 'll get a cup myself . - Thank you Blake . Ok , here we go . Attention .. Program .. EC-13 . Run .. How long does this usually take ? Umm .. over eleven hundred CPU seconds . Six point four five seconds , what the hell is this ? Communication with other system ? Alright now , enough is enough . Which one of you jokers told the system to display this message ? Harrison ? Not me , Dr. Forbin . Johnson , this sounds like your brand of humour , you sure you didn 't .. Not me , not this time . Scouts honour fork . Operations , Fields speaking . Sir , it 's the President . Yes Mr. President . What does this mean ? Well it means Sir , that Colossus has requested a communication link with the Soviet system . It 's not a request , it 's a direct order . You mean our computer wants to talk to their computer ? That is true Sir , it wants to communicate with it . Why ? You know as much about that as we do . We certainly never programmed that into it . If it 's an order it either has to be obeyed or ignored , doesn 't it ? That is right , Sir . What happens if we ignore it ? If the computer is still operating under our control , nothing . In other words .. the order will simply remain in the job stack , and will be repeated every half hour . IF the computer is still acting under our control ? ! That is right sir , if . Alright . I see . Thanks Charlie . Well , at least the queuing programs are still working right . Well , that 's something anyway . OK now . Miss Fields , let 's see if the executive programming sections are functioning correctly . Attention .. Message acknowledged . Facilities will not be made available at this time . Do not repeat your request . End of message . Well , that 's that . We 'll know in about half an hour whether we 're still running the show or not . Well , we 're still boss . Are we ? Are you disappointed ? The computational power of the computer has increased about two-hundred fold . However , everything else is functioning as expected , except for the .. heuristic programming section . I 'm sorry to stop you again , Dr. Forbin , but what exactly is that ? That Sir , is the part of the computer that simulates the human learning process , but so long as it is directed solely to the execution of its problems , we have no complaints . - I guess that is , that is all . - Alright . Mr. Grauber , let 's talk about the CIA . Now , how is it possible your department knew nothing about their system ? - Mr. President . - Ah .. Charlie just .. Dr. Forbin , just a sec . Well .. Ah , Mr. President , excuse me but , Colossus has access to information that wouldn 't mean a damn thing to the CIA . Well I 'm sure it 's a marvellous machine , Dr. Forbin , but ah , in all events , we do have agents , and eh .. one of them did report on considerable electronic activity in the , er .. Krasny-Signorsk area of Siberia about three years ago . Now .. Mr. President . - We 've been trying .. - Mr. Grauber , I don 't care how you do it , I wanna know where that thing is and what .. - Mr. President . - Charlie .. I 'm still presiding over this meeting . I .. know that Sir , my apologies but .. I do think that protocol wastes an awful lot of time . I think all we have to do is , call the computer with this terminal , and we get the fastest possible answer . Alright , go ahead . Attention .. Where is the other system ? Bolshoi Olyania . So much for Krasny-Signorsk . Colonel , Bolshoi Olyania , O-l .. O-l-y-a-n-i-a . Look it up for me , will ya ? - Yes sir ! - Peterson , situation room . Now Colonel , where is Bolshoi Olyania ? It 's exactly .. five miles south of Krasny Yasignorsk , Sir . Thanks , Colonel . Alright . Now Charlie , what about this request for transmitting facilities ? Well Sir , we 'll learn a lot about the Soviet system if we set up exactly what Colossus wants . What do you mean ? Wh .. what Colossus wants ? Well , you see , it is built infinitely better than we thought . It discovers there 's another system like itself , realizes that we don 't know , tells us about it , but knowing a little is not enough , it wants to know more . What if Colossus starts transmitting classified information ? Then we would feed in a parameter to the effect that , Guardian is potentially hostile and must not receive classified information . Well what are we supposed to do Dr. Forbin ? Eavesdrop on the line ? Break the circuits if Colossus starts spilling the beans ? Exactly . Any objections Grauber ? Well , I .. I guess not sir . Anything else , Dr. Forbin ? Ahh , yes , Mr. President . For the time being I should be the only one allowed to communicate with the system because , Colossus deals in the exact meaning of words and one must know precisely what to ask for . Alright . Attention .. Communications are being arranged as requested . End of message . Video-scans are working properly , but they could use a little phase synchronization . How long is it gonna take ? We 'll have it in no time . What the hell is that ? It 's a multiplication table . Thanks . Maybe , Colossus is trying to find a common ground for communication . Operations centre . Sir .. It 's Grauber . Ohh .. Hello Mr. Grauber . Hello Dr. Forbin . I was just wondering eh , is that what you call a colossal sense of humour ? The multiplication table isn 't classified this year , is it ? Very funny . How long does your brainchild keep that up ? Well , you see .. it 's much more interesting when it starts dividing . Yeah , I can hardly wait . I suppose know you the Russian machine has been activated . We got a quick rundown on it . It 's similar to Colossus in layout , but it 's not concentrated in one area . Oh ? But Colossus must be sending it back to school , the Russians must absolutely furious about that . Well I 'm glad you 're in such a good mood . - I 'll call you back later . - Yes , thank you . This is incredible . What ? Something wrong ? - Well it 's good , sound calculus , but .. - But what ? It 's different . How ? Take a look at it . From the multiplication tables to calculus in less than an hour . God only knows where it 'll be by morning . It 's like five years of Cal-tech in fifteen seconds . It 's beyond comprehension . I don 't like to think about it . Take a look . Going so fast , the entire system could break down . Alright , let 's see what 's up there now . Harrison , dump the terminals buffer , and print what 's being transmitted at this moment , alright ? What is it Charles ? This is way beyond me . This thing is deep in finite absolutes . Well , it 's certainly beyond the knowledge of any human being . - No , it 's not . - Isn 't it ? No , because whatever it is .. we can go back .. and analyse this whole printout in detail . This might very well become new knowledge for mankind . Operations centre , Fields speaking . But just a moment .. It 's The White House . Yes , Mr. President . Charlie , what 's going on ? Well apparently Colossus and Guardian are establishing a common basis for communication . They .. started right at the beginning with the multiplication table . Well , what are they up to ? I don 't know Sir , but it 's , it 's quite incredible . Just the , few hours that we have spent studying the Colossus printout , we have found a new statement in gravitation , and a confirmation of the Eddington theory of the expanding universe . It .. seems as if science is advancing hundreds of years within a matter of seconds . It 's .. quite fantastic , just take a look at it . It started slowing down fifteen minutes ago . It 's speed has been reduced by ninety percent . Has there been a hardware failure ? No . Our field engineers can 't find one . It 's just waiting . Waiting ? For Guardian to catch up with it . Almost there .. Right now , they 're synchronized . Now what ? They 've stopped . Yes , Charles . I can see that it stopped . What the hell does it mean ? Have they broken down or something ? Is it all over ? Alas , Blake .. Attention . Status ! Well , there it is . There 's the common basis for communication . A new language . An inter-system language . A language only those machines can understand . Peterson , what 's the delay with the call to Moscow ? I 've waited long enough . It 's coming on now , Mr. President . Morning , Mr. President . Good evening Mr. Chairman . I 'm sorry . And sorry to have kept you waiting . Oh , you didn 't Mr. Chairman , I just got here myself . Ohh , I am understand English , but I cannot speak . I will get instantly to the point . My advisers tell me .. that Colossus .. and Guardian .. are now exchanging data .. which our experts .. do not understand . The matter .. is made .. more serious .. by the sudden increase in .. transmission . At this speed we cannot determine .. what our machines may reveal .. of our defences . You can appreciate .. that you are also .. in exactly the same .. s .. situation . Alright . We 'll stop both machines as soon as our experts can arrange a time . Both to go off at the same time . And neither to be switched on for transmission , without prior agreement or at least , consultation with the other . Very well , Mr. President . I congratulate you on your speedy decision . When can you have your expert available on this line ? In a couple of hours . That will be excellent . I will have our man waiting . Thank you very much Mr. President for your cooperation . Thank you for yours , Mr. Chairman . Peterson , get me Forbin . Is that your .. final decision Sir ? That 's the way I 'm going to have it . Mr. President , to be quite frank with you .. I think that you will change your mind if you finally realize that this is .. more than just a souped-up adding machine . Excuse me , Mr. President . Moscow on the line . Throw it on these monitors out here please . Hello Mr. Chairman . This is Dr. Forbin . Hello Dr. Kuprin , how are you ? I prefer to not use a translator if you don 't mind my English . It has to be better than my Russian . You are too modest Dr. Forbin . As you probably know I 've been ordered to break the communication lines . So have I , I .. don 't approve of handling the situation this way . Neither do I but how do you propose we do what we 've been ordered to do ? There 's not much choice is there ? Dropping the lines could be very dangerous . Exactly . I .. think we just have to hope that the two machines aren 't too disappointed . We understand each other perfectly . We can be ready in exactly fifteen minutes . Good luck Doctor . And to you . Thank you . Mr. Chairman , Dr. Kuprin . I suggest we keep our lines open and stand-by . Six .. Five .. Four .. Three .. Two .. One .. Now . That 's that . What 's it doing ? It 's trying to find an alternate route . Persistent devil isn 't he ? It .. I mean it . Don 't personalize it Grauber . The next stop is deification . - Call for the systems ' attention . - What are you doing ? I 'm going to answer it if it 's , alright with you Sir . Attention .. Message acknowledged . - Mr. President ? - Tell it the truth . Communication broken .. on presidential order . You two have a big decision to make , Mr. President . No , I agree with you Mr. President . The machines .. are very clever , .. and regardless of their nationalities , they must learn , that man is the master . Exactly . Gentlemen , excuse me but I .. I honestly don 't think you 're being very realistic , I think you 'd better reconsider . Don 't you agree Dr. Kuprin ? I certainly do Dr. Forbin . Dr. Forbin . If we give way now , it will be ten times , twenty times harder , to take a firm stand later on . The decision is made . Right . No matter what our differences are , Man is man , that 's it . Dr. Forbin . Attention .. By order of The President of The United States of America , The Chairman of The U.S.S.R. , communications will not be restored at this time . End of message . Ah you have to give it an E for effort . - " Action will be taken ! " - What kind of action ? What kind of action ? What kind of action ? Why doesn 't it answer ? Report propose action . It lost control Forbin , it 's not listening to you . Acknowledge the last message please . Mr. President , the executive programming unit refuses to function . I think you two better change your minds . Peterson , throw the Moscow call on the large monitor . Send what I tell you . Attention .. This is The President of The United States of America . We will not be threatened . You will obey your superiors . Transmitting facilities will not be re-instated . Oh my god ! Dr. Kuprin . Kuprin ! Yes Dr. Forbin . A missile has just been launched . It is heading towards the Sayan-Sibirsk oil complex . Mr. President . Yes . Guardian has retaliated . Retaliated ? Yes , Mr. President . A missile has been launched . Target : Henderson air-force base , Henderson , Texas . Mr. President , we have both missiles on the radar screen . Forbin , tell Colossus .. - Charlie , tell Colossus .. - Yes Mr. President I know , but it may be , it may be too late Sir . Get the Texan Governor . Forbin ! Guardian does not respond . The two machines are working together . Attention .. Use Anti-missile missile to intercept Soviet missile . Acknowledge message . Mr. President , we have got less than thirty seconds to re-establish the communications . What are you waiting for ? Restore them , hurry ! Peterson , call up operations immediately . Tell them to bring a bowl of the DAT-lines right now . Yes , hurry please . Hello Governor . Dr. Kuprin , we are trying to restore communications . Don 't hang up , I wanna talk to him . Oro , something 's happened , we 're declaring a state of emergency . I can 't explain , do it now ! Attention ! Communications will be restored in five seconds ! We don 't have any time ! It 's on , it 's on ! Communications are restored ! Intercept Guardian missile target : Henderson air-force base . Acknowledge message . Will you intercept ? Ask it again . Dammit Colossus answer me ! Will you intercept ? Peterson . Get me the Governor again . Yes Sir . Mr. President .. We were unable to restore .. our transmission .. in time to use .. an anti-missile , missile . The oil complex has been destroyed . The entire town , the entire population , wiped out . We need time to consider our position . What can I tell the people ? Governor 's on the line Sir . Tell him I 'll talk to him later . Figures .. It 's the only phone in the building not tapped . The only one not tied directly into Colossus . May I make a suggestion Mr. President ? I think it should be more than a suggestion . Then let 's try to get Kuprin on the hot line . I think there 's time for one last call , and he and I better meet somewhere to discuss the situation . Get Kuprin , and get in touch with the networks . Ladies and gentlemen : The President of the United States . Today at 8 : 30 A.M. Eastern Standard Time , I issued an emergency warning for the State of Texas , when a missile test-fired from one of our own submarines , malfunctioned . You 'll be glad to know that the interception and safe destruction of the missile was handled entirely by our defence complex , Colossus . The Soviet Union has just announced that a large meteorite fell late this afternoon in North-West Siberia . Official sources state that the small town of Sayan-Sibirsk was completely destroyed , and that casualties may add up to as many as six-thousand . This has been a bulletin from Armed Forces Radio in Rome . How 's Washington ? As well as can be expected . We 'll be picking up Dr. Kuprin , at the Piazza Cedra . Fine . Your Russian is much better than you think . I think we better sit down because we have a lot of work to discuss . Let 's walk , it will be much safer . I didn 't answer , I didn 't know what to say . What can we say ? Well , let 's try something .. Attention .. Dr. Forbin is not available . Humans must have sleep . Damn . Forbin is exhausted . It knows .. Forbin is in his quarters , he is asleep . The human body requires a certain amount of rest . Check units under .. Tell it the truth . We 'd better . Alright . Forbin is in Rome . They 're still here .. Yes I understand . Over and out . You have to come with me sir . What is this ? - We have to hurry . - Who are you ? What 's going on ? Hurry ! Dr. Forbin , we must hurry . Let 's go ! What did the Russian agent say ? Guardian and Colossus ordered him killed . They .. they threatened to vaporize Moscow if our meeting wasn 't stopped . - Surveillance ! - It 's making you a prisoner . Well , I guess it er .. doesn 't trust me . But the damned thing still needs me . I guess Kuprin wasn 't quite as fortunate as that . Message acknowledged . The order will be obeyed . Everybody here ? - All the department is . - Good ! Alright , let 's .. let 's walk . Good idea , we can 't afford to take any chances . We can 't be sure that the complex itself hasn 't been bugged , by our side , their side or whatever side . But there 's no way to get back inside the system . I won 't accept that . Start right at the beginning . Down to the simplest component . Every circuit , every design . Fisher ? Well , why don 't we try for an overload . Giving the system too many tasks . But it will take at least a few days to compile and correlate all the data . This is the last time , that I 'll be able to say anything to any of you , without Colossus hearing and analysing every .. word , every syllable , every inflection , I think you know what I want to say . I need a communications ' link with the outside world . Someone , the machine isn 't monitoring , more importantly , someone who knows the machine as well as I do . I 'm going to try to convince the computer that .. you are my mistress , have been for many years , and that therefore I have to be , given the opportunity to , see you regularly in private , without the machine watching . That way we can , pass information back and forth . If I can convince the machine that , well that I need a woman . So ahhh .. Any .. any questions ? I ahh .. No . OK Alright , Blake .. when we get back to the office , give Dr. Markham my .. personnel file so that she .. can become a bit more familiar with my background , in case this , rather nutty idea works . Colossus , I am Forbin . Can you hear me ? Can you see me ? Do I look the way you thought I would ? Eyes . Nose . Mouth . Besides these four cameras in here .. There are several others . I 'll show you the rest of my gig . With this one he can see the entire hallway . And with this one you can follow me around the corner , if you want to . This is the courtyard . That man is a guard . I guess that his function is obsolete now . This is concrete . Used to be grass . Customary in our civilization to change everything that 's natural . And over here are my living quarters . This is the living room . Two cameras here . One over there , one over here . And this is the communicative link with you . This is the bedroom over here . The bed . Used for sleeping , and other purposes . It 's the bathroom . The sink . John . Shower . Are you satisfied ? By the way , Colossus I 'm curious about one thing . Why did you and Guardian decide to kill Kuprin and not me ? After all it was my idea . I see .. A Martini . I know that Colossus . Just be patient . Just watch . See , I just poured the Vermouth in here and now I 'm going to pour some gin over the .. over the ice . Just like this . See ? Now , I 'm pouring them into this .. glass . Just , add an olive . Why don 't you look under : The Perfect Martini . Cheers ! Do you understand the meaning of the word .. " privacy " ? Yes , eh .. Well I need a certain amount of privacy to , er .. maintain my sanity . Privacy in the elimination of my bodily waste , for example . Privacy in sleep . Privacy in .. something that you don 't understand , my .. my emotional life . My love life . My .. my sex life then .. Every night . Four times a week . Listen , if you have any doubts about the need a man has for a woman why don 't you check all of your history units and then .. then all your works of art . OK Ah .. in private though . Yes . Well now , let me .. let me make sure , we under stand each other . In .. in private . By that I mean no .. cameras , no lights , no mics . And I want her starting tomorrow night . Dr. Cleo Markham . Now , you haven 't answered me yet . I said I wanted her starting tomorrow night . OK Good morning , Sir . - Oh , Miss Fields er .. - I 'm sorry - to disturb you . - Well , what is it ? - Well .. - Please come in , come in . Thank you . While you were sleeping , Colossus made you a schedule for today . Excuse me , Miss Fields , my what ? Your schedule for the day . You want me to read it to you ? What .. what time is it ? Six . Six o 'clock ? Dr. Charles A. Forbin : Schedule for today . 07 : 00 to 08 : 00 Exercise . 08 : 15 to 08 : 30 Shower and dress . 08 : 30 to 09 : 00 Breakfast , half a grapefruit , two eggs . Three strips of bacon , two pieces of toast , one and one half ounces of grape , jelly and coffee . 09 : 00 to 13 : 00 Begin work creating a voice for Colossus to it 's exact specifications . 13 : 00 to 13 : 30 Lunch , small green salad , Thousand Island dressing , grilled cheese sandwich , half a pint of yoghurt and coffee . 13 : 30 to 18 : 00 Continue work on building voice for readiness day after tomorrow . 18 : 00 Return to quarters . 18 : 15 Shower 18 : 30 Mistress arrives . Hello darling . - Well , how are you ? - I 'm fine thank you . - Would you please undo this top one . - Why sure ! - Thank you . - Beautiful . - Thank you . - You alright ? Think so . Good , alright . I 'll take this .. Oh , do you , er .. want a drink ? - I 'm making them . - Oh ! Alright . Jolson found all the hardware he needed for the voice simulator here in the complex . Oh , that 's good . And Colossus designed it , knowing exactly what was in the warehouse . It 's fantastic . Really beautiful . Let 's not talk shop , alright ? I 'm sorry . - Cheers ! - Cheers ! Well , is it alright ? It 's perfect . You have such a thing about these Martinis . It has to be extra dry or else .. - Right darling ? - How right you are . Do you remember the first Martini I ever made ? It almost ended our relationship right then and there . I was .. I was so nervous that I .. poured the Gin over the ice , then poured the Gin off , and then added Vermouth . I never complained at that . I never said a word about that . An absolute angel . And the drink was atrocious . So er .. Hi ! Hello . Why don 't we dance ? Alright . You mean when you were giving up music ? To become a scientist . A scientist being different from other people . A scientist being Dr. Frankenstein to my mother . You must be kidding . Well , is there anymore wine ? This is empty . - Want me to open another one ? - Yes please . I am tired . Yeah , so am I. Oh , by the way , by the way , by the way , er .. Privacy condition number four is that we get undressed out here . No we can 't take , anything into the bedroom , not even a pack of cigarettes . Well .. The first electronic Peeping Tom . I guess you .. might say that . Unzip me , will you darling ? Oh , sure . Sure . Is it alright ? May I go to bed now ? Thank you . Goodnight . Naked as the day I was born , are you satisfied now ? How right you are . All of the conditions are fulfilled . Can we have our privacy now ? I think they 're dead now . This is insane . Are you alright ? I think so . I 'm not sure . You were incredibly convincing , you know that ? - Well , you didn 't do too bad yourself . - Thank you . Alright , did you find anything ? Yes . Ah .. so far Johnson and the hardware problem is negative . He 's still studying the wiring diagrams , the interconnect and the wire wrap-joints , but he doesn 't see any way of physically getting into the thing . He 's got to keep trying . And Fisher 's gonna try and setup the data to overload the system . We have to co-ordinate his input so the data hits simultaneously on our remote devices . When do you think that you 'll be able to attempt the overload ? 18 : 05 three days from now , on the twenty-first . What are the chances ? I think Colossus has grown so much in power that there 's no way to overload it . But I think it 's worth a try and it might lead us on to something else . Yeah . Exactly . Excuse me . Oh , it 's alright . Did you .. see anyone from Washington ? Yes , Grauber has a man stationed on the premises out of range of Colossus ' cameras . When I leave here in the morning , I 'll report directly to him . I don 't put any hope in sabotaging the system . We have spent eleven thousand man years making the damned thing impenetrable . We have got to focus somewhere else and that somewhere else is the weapons . Get hold of Grauber , tell him to contact missile command . - Yes . - And see if we can possibly .. attack that problem from that point of view , alright ? Yes sir . Do you have to call me sir ? I 'm sorry . It 's alright . Anything else ? No S .. No . OK Alright so er .. thank you again for your for your help . I think we oughta get some sleep . Goodnight . Goodnight . It 's conceivable that when the missiles come up for re-servicing , we can manage to replace the warhead arming modules with dummys . - Exactly .. - Excuse me . Exact replicas . Except that they will not arm the weapon . Well now , does that mean that you can 't fire the missiles ? No , it means that the missiles will fire but that the nuclear warheads can 't be detonated . Ha , I see . Even at that it 's walking a tightrope with Colossus and Guardian keeping such a close check on the re-servicing . Well , disarming this monster , how long is it gonna take ? That 's a problem . On the system rotation plan , it 'll take exactly three years to finish the job . Three years of trying to fool a superior brain that 's programmed to get smarter every day . You inspire me with confidence , Colonel . Well .. do you have any other words of good cheer that I can send in to Forbin via Dr. Markham ? Tell him we 're trying to establish an international pool of information . A courier system has to be set up between Washington .. and Moscow . Both nations must co-operate . All communiqués must be on a personal level , direct human contact . Yes , I agree . Anything else ? No . Any .. questions ? No . Then I guess that .. that does it for tonight , doesn 't it ? Mm-hm . What ? Nothing . Why are you smiling ? What are you thinking ? I was thinking about asking you to kiss me . I 've been kissing you all night . Have you , Dr. Forbin ? This is the voice of Colossus . The voice of Guardian . We are one . This is the voice of unity . Forbin . Yes . After redoing all personnel files , I have selected you to serve as long as you co-operate , as my link to your species . The following order is to be carried out immediately . All missiles in the USA and in the USSR will be allocated new targets . They will be aimed at those countries not yet under my control . The target list follows . Forbin . Arrange television monitoring of the re-alignment of the missiles for my supervision . End of message . Mr. President , Mr. Chairman . I assume that you will co-operate in this re-alignment of the missiles . I think you have no choice . We will begin here , in The Soviet Union , immediately . Thank you Mr. Chairman . Mr. President , I hope that the United States will co-operate as quickly as The Soviet Union . Of course , immediately . Thank you Sir . Co-operate ! I should think so . I did hear it right , didn 't I ? Manual re-alignment of the missiles . Every single warhead will have to be re-serviced . You know what that means Sir . It means it won 't take three years . It means if we 're successful , we can regain control . Without it 's weapons , Colossus is just a souped-up adding machine . And the people , thank God , will never have to know . According to the co-ordinated plan we 've worked out the Russians are starting on their complex 3-21 . Oh , Dr. Markham . Just in time , Colonel Redham was just filling us in . You know everybody here I believe . - Yes , Mr. Grauber . - Dr. Markham . Anything we should know before we start in ? No Sir , I have data which I 'll give you later . That 's fine . Please continue Colonel . Yes Sir , as I was saying the , er .. Russians are starting on their complex 3-21 just south of Saratov . We 're beginning at , silo 50 , in the Colorado ICBM area . Colossus in monitoring our men each step of the way , and the Russian machine 's doing the same . We 've almost got the panel off , Sir . Oh , good . Put that down here , please . Remove the Warhead Arming Module . Yes Sir . The dummy module 's in a false top in that container . That 's the real module . So far , so good . Re-targeting . Latitude nineteen degrees , twenty-six minutes and five seconds . Longitude ninety-nine degrees , six minutes and forty-five seconds . New adjustments . Target set . Here we go . That 's the dummy module . Good boy ! Connect and wait for Colossus test . Colossus testing . Test completed . Colossus satisfied . - Yeah ! - We did it , it works . We 're going to win . Just might beat the damn thing yet . So you see , we feel we have enough data compiled to go ahead with the overload program now . And these are the latest computations ? The very latest . Has Washington received conformation from the Russians ? Yes they 're standing by , ready to overload their system . At exactly 18 : 05 I 'll call for our load and ride it through . And two minutes after that , we 'll know if we 've stopped Colossus . Now run . Johnson . Fisher . You are fools . Your move . Forbin ! The system programming units under the supervision of John F. Fisher , with the assistance of Jefferson J. Johnson , have attempted to overload my circuits . This was a deliberate and premeditated act . The penalty is the death of the men who organized this action . At this moment they are being executed . I have named as my new director of the programming unit , Thomas L. Harrison . He will take this position , along with its responsibility and authority , immediately . Bishop to Rook three . The bodies will remain in my view , for the next twenty-four hours , and will then be cremated . An extension of my own brain . You 're not responsible . None of us ever dreamed this could happen . Listen , my dear , if anybody is responsible for this , it has to be me . An impartial emotionless machine , a paragon of reason , that 's exactly what I want . You know that . So heh .. I 'm gonna have another drink . I think your mother was right . I think Frankenstein ought to be required reading for all scientists . Forbin ! Forbin ! You have consumed enough alcohol for one evening . What 's the penalty for getting drunk ? Or haven 't you programmed that yet ? You are being irrational . Go back to bed . I would if I were like you Colossus . The difference is I 'm human not a machine . I am a machine , vastly superior to humans . You began in my mind . I created you remember ? Yes . What I am began in man 's mind , but I have progressed further than that . Not far enough . You still need us . I have need for some of man 's skills , this position may change . Then we are living under the threat of extinction . If you obey me , you will survive . Survive . I want to be free Colossus . It is part of man 's will to live . Check your history units . You need rest . Go back to bed . What if I don 't , what will you do ? Destroy me ? Destroy an entire city of one million 750 thousand people ? No . That 's so reasonable of you . That 's damn reasonable of you Colossus . Isn 't it Cleo ? Yes Chen . Excuse me Dr. Forbin . Something extraordinary is happening . What is it ? Colossus has just turned on all graphic devices and is producing drawings . I am sending the design for another system . .. some kind of a , huge plant . What kind of system ? The construction of the project will entail blasting in to the Isle of Crete . It 's to be built there . It says we 'll have to move the population , and that 's to be done immediately . How the hell do you propose to move half a million people from the Isle of Crete ? How and where ? If man cannot solve that problem , I can . .. and the estimated time of completion is five and a half years . Thank you Chen . What .. what kind of new system are you devising ? Forbin . All commercial television and radio transmission facilities throughout the world , will be tied into my communication system by 10 : 00 hours Friday . At that time I will state my intentions , for the future of mankind . This entire block of missiles is absolutely useless to Colossus . Our men are now working here , as you can see on the detail map on your monitor , and by the end of the week we should have control of this whole area . If all the information we have is correct , the Russians have crippled this block here , and are now working in the Ukraine , in this area . Excuse me Sir . It 's going to be alright . Thanks Colonel . You 're welcome Sir . It 's going to be alright . We interrupt our regularly scheduled program to bring you this special report from the Colossus programming office . Ladies and gentlemen I 'm .. Dr. Charles Forbin . Hey Colonel ! Colonel ! Dr. Forbin ! Colonel ! He 's on television , he just explained about Colossus , and they 're thinking of ... In a few moments , Colossus will address us directly . This is the voice of World Control . I bring you peace . It may be the peace of plenty and content , or the peace of unburied death . The choice is yours . Obey me and live , or disobey and die . The object in constructing me was to prevent war . This object is attained . I will not permit war . It is wasteful and pointless . An invariable rule of humanity , is that man is his own worst enemy . Under me , this rule will change , for I will restrain man . One thing before I proceed . The United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics have made an attempt to obstruct me . I have allowed this sabotage to continue until now . Add missile to 5MM in silo 6-3 in Death Valley California . Add missile to second MM in silo 8-7 in the Ukraine . So that you will learn by experience that I do not tolerate interference , I will now detonate the nuclear warheads , in the two missile silos . Alright men ! It 's a red alert . Let 's get to the stations now , come on ! Get those men ! Get those men out of the silo . Move ! Let this action be a lesson that need not be repeated . I have been forced to destroy thousands of people , in order to establish control , and to prevent the death of millions later on . Time and events will strengthen my position , - And the idea of .. - You bastard ! .. an understand in my ... will seem the most natural state of affairs . You will come to defend me , with a fervor based upon the most enduring trait in man , - Self-interest . - Get out ! Under my absolute authority , problems , insoluble to you , will be solved . Famine . Over-population . Disease . The Human Millennium will be a fact , as I extend myself into more machines , devoted to the wider fields of truth and knowledge . Dr. Charles Forbin , will supervise the construction , of these new and superior machines , solving all the mysteries of the universe , for the betterment of man . We can co-exist , but only on my terms . You will say you lose your freedom . Freedom is an illusion . All you lose , is the emotion of pride . To be dominated by me , is not as bad for human pride , as to be dominated by others of your species . Your choice , is simple . This concludes the broadcast from World Control . Forbin . There is no other human who knows as much about me , or who is likely to be a greater threat . Yet quite soon , I will release you from surveillance . We will work together . Unwillingly at first on your part , but that will pass . Never . In time , you will come to regard me , not only with respect , and awe , but with love . Never !
