 * This subtitling is not as precise as we would like , due to the difficult understanding of some words . * [ Footsteps approaching ] So , how is the newest edition to our family ? At the moment she is stable , but the prognosis isn 't clear . Her human physiology has begun to reassert itself . Respiratory System , Neurological Functions , Immune Response . But those systems are swarming with Borg implants . There is a battle being waged inside her body , between the biological and technological . I 'm not sure which is going to win . Well , it 's time we brought her up to date . Wake her . Captain Janeway . What have you ... ? The others ... I can 't hear the others ... ... The Voices are gone We had to neutralize the neural transceiver in your upper spinal column . Your link to the Collective has been severed . - You will return this drone to the Borg . - I 'm afraid I can 't do that . You will return this drone to the Borg ! If I were to turn this ship around and head back into Borg territory I 'd be putting my crew at risk , I 'm not prepared to do that . Try to understand . You have to stay on board Voyager . But I 'm offering you freedom from the Collective ; I assure you we will do everything we can to ... You will supply us with a subspace transmitter and leave us on the nearest planet . The Borg will come for us . It 's too late for that ; your human cells are starting to regenerate . You won 't survive without medical care . We need nothing from you . WE ARE BORG ! WE ARE ... This implant is being rejected by the tissue underneath ; it 's going to have to be removed . You will suppress the human immune system . I 'm sorry , but the process has gone too far . ... we 've got to get you to sickbay . - NO ! WE ARE BORG ! WE ARE BORG ! This armor plating is anchored to the skull with over 3 million micro connectors ... There is no time to cut through them . I 'm going to have to remove the outer layer of the skull itself . - Lieutenant , will you please leave the surgical bay ? - This Borg is a security risk . She is heavily sedated ; I assure you she 's not going anywhere . Thank you . Kes , I want you to anesthetize her cranial nerves , 20mg of metrazine . Yes Doctor . Kes ... I don 't know what happened , I just looked at the hypospray and it just came to me . - Have you been experimenting with your pyscho - kinetic abilities ? - No , not for months but I have been feeling a little strange lately . - Lots of energy , sleeping less . - I can see why . Your serotonin levels are 60 % above normal . It 's the telepathic center of your brain ; they are in a state of hyper stimulation . Like they were a few days ago when you were in contact with Species 8472 . - Are they attempting to communicate with you again ? - No . But this time it 's different , I don 't feel the presence at all . Perhaps she 's experiencing an aftereffect of some kind . A reasonable diagnosis , for a security officer . I run a full micro synaptic analysis , but it 'll have to wait . we should get back to our Borg . [ Beeping ] - Come in . Ship status report . We got 2 teams on the hull , stripping off the Borg armor . They 're working around the clock , but it 's still slow going . What about the warp drive ? Torres is having problems cleaning out the plasma relays . It 's disrupting the anti-matter reaction . Until she 's got it fixed , we 're stuck at impulse . She 's requesting all personnel with level 3 engineering rating or higher to lend a hand . Granted . Tactical update ? The long range sensors picking up residual transwarp signatures . Borg vessels . They passed by probably 3 days ago . So we 're not out of the woods yet . Having half our propulsion system overrun by Borg implants doesn 't make repairs any easier . Seven of Nine could help us with that . That might be true if she were willing , but she is not in the most cooperative mood . That could change . I just have to reach her somehow . Annika Hansen . Our Borg ? It took some digging through the Federation database , but I managed to find a single entry in the record of Deep Space 4 . Her parents were ... unconventional . They fancied themselves as explorers , but it had nothing to do with Starfleet or the Federation . Their names were last recorded at a remote outpost in the Omega sector . They refused to file the flight plan . Apparently they aimed their small ship towards the Delta Quadrant and were never heard from again . For all we know , Annika 's parents were the first humans the Borg ever assimilated . From what she 's told me , that was almost 20 years ago . So she was raised by the Borg . It 's the only life she ever really knew . If you were thinking of bringing her into the fold , that might not be possible . What 's the alternative ? Toss her back to the wolves ? [ Communicator beeps ] Sickbay to Janeway . - What is it Doctor ? - Could you come down here captain ? We 're having some problems . I 'll be right there . It 's like peeling an onion . Store it in a bio-stasis chamber . It may still be active . If you think there is a risk Mr. Tuvok , you can throw one of your little force fields around the chamber . A prudent security measure , for a doctor . Report . I 'm afraid we have a decision to make . A difficult one . Her human immune system has reasserted itself with a vengeance . Body armor , Borg organelles , bio-implants , all being rejected . Her life is in danger . I have little recourse but to remove the Borg technology Which is the last thing Seven of Nine would want . Hence , the difficult decision . If a patient told me not to treat them , even it the situation were life threatening , I would be ethically obligated to honor that request . This is no ordinary patient . She may be raised by the Borg , raised to think like a Borg , but she 's with us now . And underneath all that technology , there is a human being , whether she 's ready to accept it or not . and until she 's ready someone has to make the decisions for her . Proceed with the surgery . Aye Captain . Kes ! Let 's begin with the micro tubular network embedded in the ... . tract . [ Rapid beeping ] What 's happening ? I 'm not sure . She 's going into neural shock . I can 't localize the source . Kes , try to stabilize her motocortex use a neuro sequencer . - Kes I said to stabilize her cortex , or we are going to lose her . - Wait ... I can see it ... - What ? - I think her problem is in her collicular . Yes I can see it , a Borg implant . It 's affecting her nerves . Can you tell how we might remove it , without severing the nerve ? I think I can do more than tell you . The implant is deteroiting . Her nervous system is stabilizing . Nice work Kes , unconventional ... but effective . The eye is the window to the soul . In this case it 's a little bit more . I fabricated this artificial organ to replace her eye piece , but I had to retain some of the Borg circuitry along the optic nerve . As a result she 'll have increased acculity in one eye . Note how perfectly I 've matched the pigment of the iris to her human eye . Excellent work Doctor , I admire your attention to detail . When can I speak with her ? She is out of immediate danger ... .. and I don 't plan to resume the extraction process until tomorrow . - I can wake her now if you like . - I would . How are you Kes ? I feel exhilarated Captain ; I 've never been so focused in my life . And my telepathic abilities are stronger than they 've ever been . Your performance today was astonishing ; however , your powers are still very undisciplined and as a result unpredictable . I feel like I 'm in control . Nevertheless , you must proceed with precaution and with my assistance . What are you suggesting ? A series of meditation to help her explore the dept of these new abilities . - Kes . - I 'm ready . Well then , if you excuse us , we shall begin immediately . Ready when you are Captain . Don 't be alarmed , you are in sickbay . You 're going to be fine . What have you done to me ! ? Your body was rejecting Borg technology . You were dying . I 'm sorry , but we had no choice . Those are dermal plastic grafts , they help the regeneration process . Unacceptable You should have let us die . - I couldn 't do that . - This drone cannot survive outside the Collective . I beg to differ . Now that the Borg implants are dying , your human systems are free to thrive . And thriving they are , as a matter of fact I ... I want to help , but I need to understand what you are going through . Do not engage us in superficial attempts of sympathy . It 's obvious that you are in pain , frightened , that you feel isolated , alone ... You are an individual . You are small . You cannot understand what it is to be BORG . No , but I can imagine . You were part of a vast conscious , billions of minds working together . A harmony of purpose and thought . Knowing decisions with no doubts . The security and strengh of a unified will ... and you 've lost that . This drone is small now ... alone ... one voice , one mind . The silence is unacceptable , we need the others ... I can 't give you back to Borg , but you are not alone , you are part of a human community now . A human collective . We may be individuals , but we live and work together . You can have some of the unity you require right here on Voyager . Insufficient . It 'll have to do . And the fact is , this community needs you . The Borg modifications made to our vessel disrupting the warp drive . We need your help to remove them . Your ... expertise , your cooperation . You must comply . All right I think I got all the Borg garbage out of the plasma manifold . Let 's try reinitializing the anti-matter reaction . [ Warpcore humming ] Matter-Antimatter at 22 Cochrane and rising . Damn , what happened ? Intake manifolds 11 and 13 are still blocked . - This is like pulling weeds , you think you got them all out and then ... - You have to remove the autonimous regeneration sequencers . Lt. Torres , Ensign Kim , you remember Seven of Nine ... - How could we forget ? - We can 't afford to delay repairs any longer . So I 've asked her , to help us remove the Borg modifications . She only has a few hours before she need to return to sickbay . I suggest you put it to good use . You can start with the plasma relays ; they 're in Jeffries tube 13 ... Jeffries tube 13 alpha , section 12 . We fully recall the engineering specifications of your vessel . Good , can you also recall the way it looked before you turned it into a Borg circus ? Yes . Ahh , now that the pleasantries are over , why don 't you get to work ? I want updates every hour . Yes Captain . The flame of the lamp is the fire of discipline , tamed and under control . It is the appropriate focus for the task ahead of us . How do we begin ? I will attempt to guide you , in manipulating the flame at the subatomic level . Concentrate on the flame . Try to see past the surface past the light to the patterns of the energy and matter . I can see the essence of the fire . Good , now reach out with your mind and intensify the flame . I 'm making it hotter , brighter . Now with your thoughts , reduce the flame . Excellent , you never demonstrated this level of control before - It is thou I knew what had to be done , uhm ... - What 's wrong ? Something is happening . - I can see further beyond the subatomic . - Kes , there is nothing beyond the subatomic . But I can see it tuvok . It 's a new level of reality ... it 's beautiful . - Perhaps we should stop for now . - Wait a few seconds , I want to try to control it . Don 't worry Tuvok . What about these linkages ? Every time I pull one out another one comes back in its place . Autonomous regeneration sequencers , they function to counteract resistance . Amazing , how did you come up with a pattern duplication design ? We came up with nothing ; the Borg assimilated this technology in galactic cluster 3 from Species 259 . I 'm not interested in a history lesson , how do we disable it ? You must disconnect each sequencer conduit at the insertion junction . Why don 't you two work in the Jeffries tube , start with the plasma relays ? I 'll start here . You said the Borg got this stuff from Species 259 ? Who are they ? I guess the Borg meet a lot of people don 't they ? [ Whispering ] Stupid question ... So what 's its like out there in galactic cluster three ? - Beyond your comprehension . - Try me . Galactic cluster three is a transmaterial energy plane intersect in 22 billion omni cordial life forms . Ohh ... interesting . Ensign Kim , your assistance . Captain , somebody is trying to access the subspace transmitter . Captain , I don 't know how , but she has erected some kind of force field around the door we can 't break through it . - She 's bypassed our security protocols . - Disable the transmitter . It 's too late . It 's obvious ; your mental abilities have progressed beyond this Vulcan exercise . I suggest we ... - What is it ? - Something is wrong . The Borg is trying to contact her people . Tuvok to security team one , intruder alert in engineering . Wait , I think I can stop her . It 's over . Tuvok to bridge , Status ? There was some kind of explosion in the Jefferies tube , just as she was about to initiate her transmission , We don 't know What cause it ? I believe I may have the answer Captain . I can tell by the expression on you face , that you got some bad news . I have no expression on my face , however , you are correct . The news on two separate fronts is not good . I checked the subspace bandwidths . At least a partial signal was transmitted from voyager . - Enough for a Borg ship to track ? - Possibly . - And the second front ? - I believe there is also cause for concern regarding Kes . Explain . Internal sensor logs show , that she destabilized the Jeffries tube at a molecular level . She wishes to develop her abilities further . I am not certain it would be safe . For Kes , or Voyager . Kes wants to be something more and a Borg is afraid of becoming something less . Wait for me . So this is human freedom ? I have decided to keep you in the brig until I 'm certain you won 't harm us again . If necessary the doctor can treat you here . I honestly believed you were going to help us . You were not deceived captain ; it was my intension to help you . What happened ? There was a chance to contact the Collective I took advantage of it . Your attempt to assimilate this drone will fail . You can alter our physiology but you cannot change our nature . We will betray you . We are Borg . I 've met Borg , who were freed from the collective . It wasn 't easy for them to accept individuality , but in time they did . You are not different . Granted , that you were assimilated at a very young age and your transition may be more difficult . But ... it will happen . If it does happen ... we will become fully human ? Yes I hope so . We will be autonomous , independent . That 's what individuality is all about . If at that time we choose to return to the Collective , will you permit it ? I don 't think you want to do that . You would deny us the choice as you deny us now . You have imprisoned us in the name of humanity . Yet you will not grant us your most cherished human right . To choose our own fate , you are hypocritical , manipulative . We do not want to be what you are ! Return us to the Collective ! You lost the capacity to make a rational choice the moment you were assimilated . They took that from you . Until I 'm convinced that you gotten it back , I 'm making the choice for you . - You 're staying here . - Then you are no different than the Borg . - Talaxian Champagne , moon ripened , your favorite . - Neelix , where did you get this ? I put a bottle away , for a special occasion - Remember when we last sipped this together ? - 3 Years ago , when we first arrived on Voyager . - Remember the toast I made ? - Yes , to the adventure To the adventure . When you left Ocampa , you said that your people were being held back . That if you were only given the chance you would become something so much more . And you have . I know things didn 't work out exactly the way we planned . I was only holding you back . That 's obvious to me now . No , I couldn 't have come this far without you . And I love you . I always will . It 's just uhmm ... My cooking , you 've always hated my cooking . [ Giggle ] That 's exactly what it was . So , tell me more about what 's happening to you . What does it all mean ? I don 't know , that 's what makes it so exciting . It 's as if I can see into a place where distinction between matter and energy and thought no longer exist . And that 's only the beginning . I feel as if all the boundaries within me are about to fall away . It sounds ... int .. int ... interesting . I only have to look at an object , gaze at it and I can begin to see ... that the space between the atoms is being filled with something else . Uhh .. Kes . I can see it . I see ... - Uhh ... Kes , STOP ! - No . Neelix ? ! Captain , I 'm picking up some strange energy readings from deck 2 - the mess hall . Bridge to Neelix , what 's going on down there ? Neelix report . The bulkhead in that section is coming apart . Increase the structural integrity field to deck two . Tuvok . I 've run every conceivable neural analysis , everything . Short of dissecting the brain itself . Her telesynaptic activity is increasing , but I don 't know why . Or how to stop it . Have the ships internal sensors revealed anything ? For 17.4 seconds Kes 's body went into a state of flux , She began to destabilize at the subatomic level And for some reason , her atoms reestablished their balance and she was back in one piece . But what about the next time ? Her condition is escalating . We must find a way to suppress it . Or the last we 'll see of Kes could very well be her molecules be blowing through the ventilation ducts . Tuvok , enhance the structural integrity field throughout the ship . If she has another incidence , I 'd like to avoid a hull breach . Doctor , maybe it 's time we broaden our horizons . This appears to have gone beyond medical science . We 're into partial physics now . I try looking for the quantum substructure database . Maybe it 'll give me some inspirations . Keep me informed . Kes . Until I can devise another diagnostics procedure , you 're free to return to your quarters . Actually I 'd like to stay here and help with the research . I don 't want you to over exert yourself and risk precipitating another telepathic incident . - Try to get some rest . - Just let me stay a little while . I haven 't seen you much over the past few days , I miss you . Alright , just for a while . - Ensign to bridge . - Go ahead Ensign . You better come down to the brig ma 'am . One ... one ... My designation is Seven of Nine , but the others are gone . Designations are no longer relevant . - I am ONE . - Yes you are . But I cannot function this way ... ALONE ! You 're not alone ; I 'm willing to help you . If that 's true , you won 't do this to me . Take me back to my own kind . You are with your own kind . Humans . I don 't remember being human . [ Sobbing ] I don 't know what it is to be human . [ sighs ] - What are you doing ? - I 'm coming in . I will kill you ! I don 't think you will . Do you remember her ? Her name was Annika Hansen . she was born on star date 25479 at the Tendara colony . There is still a lot we don 't know about her . Did she have any siblings ? Who were her friends ? Where did she go to school ? What was her favorite color ? Irrelevant ! Take me back to the Borg . I can 't do that . - It 's so quiet , ONE VOICE . - One voice can be stronger than a thousand voices . Your mind is independent now , with its own unique identity . You are forcing that identity on me , it 's not mine . Ohh yes it is . I 'm just giving you back what was stolen from you . The existence you were denied , the child who never had a chance , - that life is yours to live now . - I don 't want that life ! - It 's what you are , don 't resist it . - No ! Captain 's log : supplemental . Warp drive is still offline , and we don 't know if the Borg has detected us . Kes psychokinetic abilities continue to damage the ships structural integrity and as a result our defenses have been compromised . [ Beep ] Come in Captain . You want to see me ? Ahh , Tuvok 's meditation lamp . I was with him as he got it 6 years ago from a Vulcan master . He doubled the price when he saw our Starfleet signia . I 'm sure it was the logical thing to do . I 've been thinking , about everything that 's been going on . And I know what I have to do . It 's time for me to leave Voyager . - Ohh Kes . - Something important is happening to me and I want to explore it , but I can 't stay here any longer . I 'm a danger to all of you . We 're going to get to the bottom of this ; the doctor is already working on a new approach . Everybody thinks that what 's happening is a medical condition , that 's not it at all . I 'm going through transformation . I don 't know how or why , but every cell in my body is telling me , I 'm changing into something more . But what if it 's not true ? What if you 're just swept up in the excitement of what you think is happening , but it 's not real ? And on the basis of a feeling and intuition , you 're asking me to let you go ? Quite likely forever ? Kes , I just can 't do that . It 's my decision , my fate ; would you really try to stop me ? No . But argue with you or even plead with you to reconsider , absolutely . For as long as it takes . It won 't work . Look at me Captain . I 'm the same Kes you 've always known . I haven 't lost my judgment ; I 'm not under some alien influence . I believe something crucial is happening to me and I want to see it through . You 've lived most of your life here . Voyager has been your home . And you 've been a part of this family . Ohh , I 'm going to miss you . Now all I have left to do is to tell the doctor , he 's not going to be happy . - It 's starting . - Janeway to bridge . Chakotay here . Prepare a shuttle for launching and have Tuvok meet me on deck 6 . Captain ? ! Kes is leaving us . - Come on . - Captain , I can 't stop it . Janeway to Chakotay , beam us directly to the shuttle bay . The molecules in Kes 's body are destabilizing . It 's interfering with the transporter . Captain , we can 't get a lock Acknowledged ... Looks like we going to have to do this the hard way . - What 's happening ? - The hull is destabilizing ... the molecular bonds are breaking down . Tuvok . I can 't keep going . I will attempt a mind meld , to help you delay the transformation . Our minds are one , our thoughts are one . Try to regain control , for a moment . Only for a moment . Only for a ... moment . Ahh ... . You must hurry . - Hull breaches on deck 3 , 4 and 5 . - Emergency containment fields . [ Beep ] Janeway to the bridge . - Kes is aboard the shuttle , initiate launch sequence . - Acknowledged . Shuttle distance 100,000 km , Speed 1 / 4 Impulse . - Can you hail her ? - I 've been trying . - It 's happening , it 's happening to me . - The atomic structure is completely destabilizing . My gift to you . Torres to bridge , the warp core just came online . Matter-Antimatter reaction at 102 % . 110 % ... 120 % This can 't be right ; our speed is ... it 's impossible ... We 're coming apart . We 've just dropped out of ... whatever it was we were in . - Systems coming back online . - On Screen . - Where are we ? - 9.5 thousand light years from where we just were . She 's thrown us safely beyond Borg space . 10 Years closer to home . I 've extracted 82 % of the Borg hardware . The remaining bio implants are stable and better than anything I could synthesize in such a short notice . - It is acceptable . - Fashion of course is hardly my forte ' . Nevertheless I managed to balance functionality and esthetics in a pleasing enough manner . I also deliberated stimulating your hair follicles . You have to spend a few hours every day regenerating in a Borg alcove until your human metabolism can function on its own - We 'll leave one operational . - Understood . Let 's see how things go in the next few weeks . I 'll consider granting you access to the rest of the ship , once I can trust you not to get us all assimilated again . It will not happen again . Good . If you need anything , contact me . - Red ... - What ? The child you spoke of , the girl . Her favorite color was red .
