 - You 're late - Sorry Sir What 's the threshold of the H2 molecule ? 14.7 electron volts . - 3rd brightest star in Orion ? - Viewed from where ? - Earth - Gamma Oriones or Bellatrix ... If you prefer the original Arabic name . Not bad , now give me a hug Katie , That 's an order I wasn 't expecting a pop-quiz . Just wanted to make sure all those ' pips ' haven 't made you forget you 're a scientist first . How could they , I still have nightmares about your fractal calculus final . There is still some work to be done , but once the saw dust clears I think you 'll be impressed . Voyager may not be as big as a Galaxy Class ship , but she 's quick and smart . - Like her Captain . - 700,000 metric tons . 15 Decks , Computer systems augmented with bio-neural circuitry . Top cruising speed : Warp 9.975 - Deck 1 - Of course I expect to get that up a notch or 2 . Sounds like you already know your ship pretty well . I 've been buried in Voyager 's schematic for the past 3 months , I can walk the corridors blindfolded . You might not want to shut your eyes just yet . Captain on the bridge ! As you were . - It 's bigger than I expected - Schematics never prepare you for the real thing . Try it on Don 't get to comfortable , I have more to show you . - Your home away from home . - Coffee ? - Ahh , no thanks . Coffee . Black . - Any word from Tuvok ? - Not yet Shouldn 't he have made contact by now ? You know he 's aboard Chakotay 's ship , he 's probably decided not to risk exposure till he has to . Catching up with him in the badlands is going to be tricky ... Even in a ship as quick and smart as Voyager . I 've heard about a pilot who might make the job easier . Who 's that ? Tom Paris . Admiral Paris 's son ! ? - Correct me if I 'm wrong , but he is serving a sentence ... - He 's made some mistakes . But everybody deserves a 2nd chance . I look into it . If it 's not too late I 'd like to recalibrate the navigational sensors . I think I can enhance the range . - Your coffee is not even cold and you 're already making changes . - Excuse us . I like a ship that knows where it 's going . I assure you , Voyager has the best sensors in the fleet ... - The bridge is clear ; there is no sign of the weapon . - Continue scanning . Acknowledged . Briefing Room . Starfleet 's most up-to-date vessel and they still can 't design a comfortable place to hold a meeting . - What do you think Ensign ? - Captain ? What 's your opinion of this room ? It is an efficient design . Ahh , there you have it , Admiral . It 's efficient . I must be wrong . Carry on . We added a new system . We 're thinking of installing it throughout the fleet . The Emergency Medical Hologram I 'm up-to-date . Computer , activate EMH . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . It 's programmed with over 4 million surgical procedures . Five Million and a medical knowledge of over 3000 cultures . Impressive . Did you call me to " chit chat " or is there an actual emergency ? Its personality could use some work . I 'm designed to practice medicine as efficient as possible . Smalltalk only compromises my performance . Thank you Doctor . Computer , deactivate the EMH . [ Indistinctive Chattering ] - Hello ? - Sir . Lt. Carrey , I don 't think we 've met . Jamieson , Anna . Service number 860790 . I 'm not security , I 'm just trying to get to know all new faces around here . - What are you working on ? - I 'm attempting to realign the EPS manifolds . - Do you need a hand ? - No ! - Well , maybe I 'll see you in the mess hall later . - Unlikely . I 'm not a member of Voyager 's crew . I 'm on assignment here at Utopia Tenisa . Too bad . Well , next time I 'm in the Neighborhood , I 'll drop by and say hello . I wish Starfleet would give me more than three weeks . With a little more time we could really explore the badlands . You haven 't changed a bit . Main Engineering . Class 9 Warp Drive . Tri-Cyclic input manifold . You 'll be the first to test it in Deep Space . I 've localized the temporal distortions . Deck 4 Section 39 . - I found the weapon . - Begin the procedure . [ Rapid Beeping ] Problem ? One of the EPS relays just went offline . - Voyagers first malfunction . - I 'm sorry Captain ; I tested those systems this morning . As you were Lieutenant , I 've been looking forward to getting my hands dirty . The weapon is out of phase , you 've sent me to the wrong time frame . At least we know where the weapon was placed , now we have to determine when . This hatch is locked from the inside . This isn 't a secure area . None of these hatches should be sealed . - I 'm reading some kind of chronotron flux . - Chronotron ? It 's coming from inside this Jeffries Tube . [ Communicator Beeps ] Patterson to security , seal of deck 4 . I 've been detected , I must leave . There is too much interference from the weapon , recalibrate your temporal transport beacon . - Understood . - We can access section 39 through here . Scramble the locking mechanism , before they get in . Hurry , they 're approaching your coordinates you 'll need to reset the command controls . Stand by ; we 're trying to get you out of there . It 's time , pull her out . There is too much interference , if I transport her now , we 'll damage her bio-neural implants . If we don 't , Captain Janeway is going to find her and we contaminate the timeline . - Sir . - Now ! Temporal transport in progress . Question Admiral , what causes a chronotron flux of .003 ? - I don 't know . - Neither do I. But whoever or whatever it was ; It 's gone now . Subject is approaching the temporal threshold . I told you this was going to happen . She 's dead . - Any luck reviving her ? - No Sir . We 'll have to recruit her again . Sir , a fourth jump she could suffer neural damage , even temporal psychosis . Unless we repair the timeline she 's going to die . We give her another chance to save her crew and herself . We go back and retrieve Seven of Nine a microsecond before the explosion . That way no one notice she 's gone . ... . Lieutenant . Raise shields . Timeframe ; Stardate 52861.274 Delta Quadrant Coordinates ; 87 theta by 271 . - Target ? - USS Voyager Follow the light , to the left ... right ... and up ... and down . Hmmm - I ran a complete self-diagnostic . - Uhuh At first I thought my ocular implant were malfunctioning . However , after consulting the Starfleet medical database ... I realize it 's a flaw in my human physiology . - Specifically ? - I 'm experiencing dizziness ... double-vision , after considering all potentional environmental and genetic factors ... I 've concluded that I 'm suffering from Albright Salzman Syndrome . A rare neurological condition , that hasn 't affected a single human being for over 2 centuries . Unlikely Human physiology is imperfect , susceptible to a variety of disorders . True , but in this instance we can safely say you 're suffering from a mild case of sensory aphasia . A minor disruption to your neuro receptors neither rare , nor life threatening . Apparently I was in need of a second opinion . That 's the danger of self diagnosis . Patients always assume the worst . This should clear it up . How do things look now ? Normal . [ Beeping ] Doctor , please report to sickbay . On my way . Next time your human physiology fails you , don 't consult the database , just call me . You are the database . With 2 legs and a splendid bedside manner . - A curious exercise . - Yeah , Ping-Pong . You should try it , it 's a great test of hand-eye coordination . - I don 't require testing . - Yeah , so the Doc. tells me . A visual acuity index of 99.6 You know , you 'd be great at this game . Why don 't you be my partner in the doubles tournament tonight ? Chapman was supposed to play , but he 's come down with a nasty case of space sickness . - I 'm busy - Ahh , to bad . Well , I guess I have to tell B 'Elanna that you felt you couldn 't beat her . - You 're attempting to appeal to my vanity . - Is it working ? I will consider your request . It 's yes or no Seven , the tournament is tonight . - Yes . - Great . Meet me in the mess hall at 19 : 00 hours . We 'll get into a little practice first . Captain , you don 't look well . Come in , please . - I 'm sure it 's nothing serious . - Symptoms ? Nausea , dizziness ... Looks like a simple case of space sickness ; the 3rd one I treated today . That 's odd , we haven 't run into any turbulence . It 's possible the inertial dampers are out of alignment . Even so , I 've been on some pretty rough rides . It never affected me like this . It 's happens to everyone . 20mg of inerproveline should restore your space legs . I 'll check the dampers . Double check your bio readings , see if there is another explanation . Point , server . - It 's all in the wrist . - Score ? 19 - 18 Ahh , say good night Harry . [ Chuckles ] What do you call that shot ? I 'm reading temporal distortions . Report . The temporal distortions are fracturing space-time throughout the ship . - Cause - Unknown ... They appear to be emanating from Deck 4 Section 39 . We already erected a force field but they 're not having any effect . If we can 't find a way to stop them they 'll tear the ship apart . - How much time do we have ? - 2 Hours at most . Go to deck 4 and find out what we 're dealing with . Let 's see if we can enhance the force fields . An injection a day , keeps space sickness away . You try to be funny after treating 37 cases of nausea . - Janeway to sickbay . - Go ahead . We found the source of our epidemic . Temporal distortions . I was beginning to suspect some kind of anomaly . I designed a treatment that seems to be inhibiting the symptoms . - Keep me posted . - Aye Captain . [ Beeping ] Neelix to the Doctor . I 've got a medical emergency in the mess hall . Ensign Manis is violently ill . On my way . Take over here . Doctor , should I whip you up a photonic snack ? Where is the medical emergency ? I hope you 're not returning to this potroast ? You called me a few minutes ago , you said Ensign Manis was ill ! ? - I did ? - Yes . Ensign Manis is right over there , he came in an hour ago , he looks perfectly normal to ... - Acute space sickness - Good thing you were here . I wouldn 't have been , if you hadn 't ... - Temporal distortions . - Doctor ? This is all starting to make sense . In sickbay it 's 1500 hours 43 minutes . But in the mess hall it 's 15 : 36 . - Seven minutes earlier . - I did get a call from you . You just haven 't made it yet . Coffee . Black . [ Beeping ] Come in . Before you say anything , let me remind you what happens to bearers of bad news . Don 't kill the messenger . Go ahead . Fire . It looks like the space-time fractures are growing stronger . We 're detecting temporal paradoxes throughout the ship . Paradoxes ? Internal chronometers show it 's 0600 on Deck 9 and 0605 on Deck 13 . Time is passing more quickly in some parts of the ship and slowing down in others . Maybe that explains why this coffee tastes like it 's 3 days old . Same thing is been happening in the mess hall Food replicated less than an hour ago is already spoiled . I 've been working on a way to enhance our containment fields to keep the fractures from spreading . I 've get a team on it right away . In the meantime we should evacuate the affected areas . - See to it . - There is one other problem . [ Echoing ] Turbolifts are offline , so we 've been using the Jeffries tubes . Captain ? There is a temporal distortion intersecting this room . - It 's expanding . - Time to test your new containment fields . This is where they coming from . I still can 't tell what 's causing them . - What is it ? - A piece of technology . It 's emitting temporal distortions . Why can 't I see it ? My ocular implant can detect irregularities in space-time . Torres to bridge , we found the problem . There is some kind of device in Junction beta 28 . - Beam it off the ship . - I can 't get a lock . The distortions beginning to de-molecularize the hull . Hull breach , Vector section 14 . Captain , I 'm picking up a strange reading on Deck 4 . What kind of reading ? It 's chronotron flux .003 - More distortions ? - I don 't think so . - Dry dock - Ma 'am ? First time this readings was 5 years ago . Voyager was still in dry dock . Same readings , same location . - What caused them ? - I never found out . - We 're losing structural integrity . - Multiple breaches , all decks . Emergency systems are failing . The distortions are ripping us apart . We have to abandon ship . All hands , this is the Captain . Proceed to the escape pods and abandon ship . Repeat . Abandon ship . Program the pods for a heading of 178 Mark 4 . We 'll rendezvous in orbit on an M class planet of those coordinates . Repeat . All hands proceed to the escape pods and abandon ship . - Identify yourselves . - No time . - Welcome back - Why have you brought me here ? For some reason I always think you remember . I 'm Captain Braxton , this is Lieutenant Duane . You 're aboard the Federation Time Ship Relativity . - I 'm no longer in the 24th century . - No . For you it 's almost 500 years later . We brought you here to help us solve a mystery . Someone , we don 't know who , has planted a weapon aboard Voyager . It 's designed to fracture space-time within a radius of 150 meters . - Why do you need me ? - Your ocular implant . It can detect disruptions in space-time better than our sensors . You 're more familiar with Voyager and her crew , less likely to arouse suspicions . - So far you 've been quite useful . - So far ? We 've recruited you twice before for this mission . Take a look . A force 3 temporal disruptor . Your previous attempts to disable it were unsuccessful . We 're trying to catch the saboteur before he places the weapon on Voyager . - Do you have a suspect ? - Not yet . Do you know when the device was placed ? Not precisely , but we narrowed the window to a period 2 years before you joined the crew . When the ship was under attack . Species 329 , the Kazon . Our database indicated that Voyager were boarded twice during that period . Kazon are an inferior species , they don 't possess the technology to create such a weapon . We believe the saboteur infiltrated this time frame , because Voyager 's shields were down . It 's the perfect opportunity to evade detection . If I fail , you will recruit me again ? If necessary . This will be the 3rd time you are going to be removed from your time frame . If we do it a forth , there could be certain ... . side effects . Side effects ? You might experience sensory aphesia . It can affect the cerebral cortex and can lead to temporal psychosis . But in your case we 're hoping 3rd time is the charm , eh ? I 'll do my best . - Bring her up to date on our protocols . - Aye Sir . When you 're finished , meet me in holo-matrix One , I 've prepared a simulation . See how much you 've assimilated . - The dolly paradox . - Also known as the melting clock effect . It refers to a temporal fissure , which slows the time to a gradual hold . The pogo paradox . Causality loop in which interferes to prevent an event actually triggers the same effect . Excellent , can you give me an example ? The Borg once traveled back in time to stop Zefram Cochrane from breaking the warp barrier . They succeeded , but that in turn led the Starship Enterprise to intervene . They assisted Cochrane with the flight the Borg were trying to prevent . Causal loop complete . So , in a way the Federation owes it 's existence to the Borg . You 're welcome . - The Seven of Nine paradox . - I beg your pardon ? How do we know , that my presents on Voyager will not alter the timeline ? You know you 've asked me that every time ? What 's been your response ? Uncertainty is part of the equation . We don 't know what 's going to happen . I don 't enjoy uncertainty . Neither do I. But I trust Captain Braxton 's instinct . Just as you trust Captain Janeway 's . This is a simulation of Junction 49 on Voyagers 4th Deck . Thanks to you we 've learned that the temporal disruptor was and will be concealed here . I gave up trying to keep my tenses straight years ago . How will I disarm it ? You 've already tried , unsuccessfully . The weapon is out of phase . We have to find the Saboteur , before he plants it . This will detect any chronotron flux other than your own . And I 'm authorizing you to use whatever force necessary . One more thing , watch out for the Janeway Factor . I 'm not familiar with that protocol . Your Captain , has a neck for sticking her nose where it doesn 't belong especially when it comes to time travel . Captain Janeway is quite resourceful . Has it occurred to you that she might be helpful ? Helpful ? ! That woman has been responsible for 3 mayor temporal incursions . No doubt , creating numerous paradoxes . And who do you think had to repair the damage ? Me . She 's reckless , she has no regard for the integrity of the timeline . I asked her to help once . She refused . And I 've ended up stranded in the late 20th century . Have you ever been in that time frame ? - No . - Well I don 't recommend it . After three decades with those post industrial barbarians ... I had to go through extensive rehabilitation before I could return to duty . Avoid contact with Janeway . That 's an order . Yes Sir . This will occlude your Borg implants . - Ready ? - Yes . We have a saying in the line of our work : There is no time like the past . - Raise shields - Timeframe : Stardate 49123.5621 , Delta Quadrant Spatial Coordinates 21 alpha prime by 936 Zeta . - Target - USS Voyager All hands to battle stations . We 're under attack . Repeat . All hands to battle stations . Return fire . - Dropping spatial charges . - Evasive maneuvers . Shields down to 20 % . Another Kazon ship is approaching . Janeway to engineering , we need warp engines . I can 't give them to you , not until I 've repaired the containment generator . - Time ? - I need 10 minutes , at least . Captain , I 'm picking up a strange reading on Deck 4 . What kind of reading . It 's a chronotron flux .003 - Any idea what 's causing it ? - Not yet . It could be random interference from Kazon weapons fire . I don 't think so . I 've seen these reading before . - There is no sign of the weapon . - Any uninvited guests ? Not yet . The lead vessel has been disabled . The others are regrouping . - B 'Elanna , Status ? - Warp drive is online . But the containment field is still unstable Warp 2 is the best I can give you . I 'll take it ... Engage . They 're not pursuing . - Dry dock . - Ma 'am ? First time I saw these readings was over 2 years ago , when Voyager was in the dry dock . - Same readings , same location . - What caused them ? I never found out , the signal vanished before we could isolate it . Erect a level 10 force field around that section . Is this really the time to be chasing sensor ghosts ? Something tells me this is more than a coincidence , seal off Deck 4 . Tuvok you 're with me . They 've erected force fields around my location , I may have been detected . How shall I proceed ? - Lieutenant respond . - What 's wrong ? - The force fields are blocking our transmissions . - Compensate ! - Seven of Nine report . - Relativity , are you there ? It 's no use Sir , she can 't hear us . I don 't believe , we 've been introduced Ensign . - Lower the force field . - I stand corrected , we have met ... - Utopia Tenisa , Briefing room . You told me it was efficient . - Janeway - You 've mistaken me for someone else . Ohh I don 't think so . So here you are , 2 years later . On the other side of the Galaxy , imagine that . You 're preventing me from completing a vital mission . Who are you and what are you doing on my ship ? - Don 't say anything - She can 't hear you Sir . - My designation is irrelevant . - But I assure you I have no hostile intension . - Somehow I don 't find that very comforting . - Are you working with the Kazon ? - No , I am not . I 'm detecting bio-mechanical implants , they have a Borg signature . Janeway to bridge , scan the vicinity for Borg ships . - Did you say Borg ? - Do it ! - You will find none . - Then how did you get here ? - I 'm no longer Borg . - Then who are you ? - I can 't answer your questions . - Good . - Why not ? - It would be a violation of the temporal prime directive . - You 're from another time ? - Yes . - No ... - Who sent you ? I can 't tell you that , I 'd be risking damage to the timeline . I ' don 't care if history itself comes unraveled , I want to know why you 're on my ship . - What 's that ? - You must release me . - Why ? - Voyager is in great danger . - So we 've noticed . - Not from the Kazon . From an act of sabotage , I 've been sent here to stop it . The intruder has already boarded the ship . Please , your lives depend on it . You 're not going anywhere until you tell me what 's happening . My name is Seven of Nine , I am a member of your crew , rather ; I will be a member of your crew . I traveled back in time to prevent a disaster that will destroy Voyager . - Get her out of there . - I 'm , trying . Let 's see if I 've got this straight . You 're a Borg drone ... Attempting to prevent a disaster that will not occur for another 3 years . 3 Years , 6 Months and 2 days . Does this make any sense to you ? Like most time paradoxes it 's implausible , but not necessarily illogical . Captain , when you take me from the Borg ... You 're going to tell me , that part of being Human is learning to trust . Trust me , now . Lower the force field . - Seven of Nine to Braxton - Stay where you are , we 're pulling you out That would be unwise , I 'm pursuing the Saboteur with Captain Janeway 's assistance . - Proceed . - Yes Sir . Intruder is in junction 52 beta . - Take the Starboard hatch . - Aye Captain . Captain Braxton . Lower the temporal disruptor . It 's on , I 'll activated , lower your weapons . - Janeway - Have we met ? Too many time , but you wouldn 't remember , they haven 't occurred yet . Seven of Nine , report . - I 've located the Saboteur . - Who is it ? - It 's you Captain Braxton . - Me ? More accurately , a future you . - Now let me complete our mission . - Our mission ? - I don 't know what you 're talking about . - Listen , very carefully . The circumstances of your life are going to change in the next few years . You 'll be sent into rehabilitation again , forced to retire ... And it 's all because of Voyager . Captain , I think your future self is suffering from temporal psychosis . Well of course I am , you pedantic drone . The only way for me ... for us to recover ... is to obliterate Voyager from the timeline , that way none of the events that caused this illness will have occurred . - What events ? - 30 Years of exile on 20th Century Earth . The temporal inversion in the Dekares Sector . Three violations that I had to repair . - Can you get a lock on him ? - Negative , he 's activated the dispersal node . We should say , YOU activated the dispersal node . Don 't be absurd , I have no wish to sabotage Voyager . Not yet . Remodulate the transporters , find a way to cut through the interference . I gave you an order Lieutenant . I 'm sorry Sir , I 'm taking control of this vessel . And I 'm relieving you of duty for crimes you are going to commit . I haven 't done anything . Seven of Nine , apprehend Braxton . No . - Relativity , he 's escaped . - I 'm tracking him . He 's traveled to another timeframe . - 2 Years earlier - Transport me to those coordinates . - That would be your 4th jump . - I 'm aware of the risks . Stand by . Thank you for your assistance . There 's still some work to be done , but once the saw dust clears I think you 'll be impressed . Voyager may not be as big as a Galaxy Class Ship but she is quick ... Take cover . Security report to Deck 4 section 12 . Erect force fields around all access points . Is this part of the tour ? I 've lost him . He 's still on Voyager , but he 's gone five years ahead . Initiate transport . Point , Server . - It 's all in the wrist . - Score ? 19 - 18 Who are you ? Bridge , Intruder alert , Deck 2 . - Explain . - No time , you must apprehend him . - He 's trying to destroy Voyager . - Seven of Nine , status ? - I 'm incapacitated , it 's sensory aphesia . - Stand by , I 'm pulling you out . Stop him , your future depends on it . - Braxton ? - I disabled his Tricorder , he 's trapped there . Seven of Nine is pursuing him , she 's efficient , she will succeed . Let 's hope so , because we ran out of options . - You again ! - I don 't believe we 've met Ensign . No , I 'm wrong . We have met . - Captain Braxton - Not anymore , I 've lost my rank thanks to you . Seven of Nine to Seven of Nine , what 's your status ? - We 've apprehended Braxton , how shall we proceed ? - Stand by . Long time no see . - You alright Seven ? - I believe we 've just prevented Voyagers destruction . Would you care to explain how you ... - The time ship Relativity . - We need your help . This Seven of Nine stopped Braxton , but she 's created several temporal incursions along the way . She was engaged in a phaser fire at Utopia Tenisa , she was seen by you and Lieutenant Tuvok 2 years before she joined you crew . And she interacted with her past self in front of 15 Crew members at a Ping Pong Tournament . Approximately 6 minutes ago , your timeframe of course . - Of course - Needless to say , we need to clean up the timeline . Someone must go back to the beginning and prevent the chain events from occurring in the first place . I can 't make another jump without damaging myself . I get the feeling I 'm about to be drafted . In exchange for leniency , Captain Braxton informed us of the precise moment he boarded Voyager , to plant the weapon . We 'll be sending you to stop him . Tell her . Deck 4 Section 38 . I stumble over a wounded crewmember , that will be your chance to capture me . Don 't miss him , or we have to do this all over again . Wait a minute , let me get this straight . I 'M going back in time to stop Braxton . - But you already have him . - And there is a 3rd one in our brig . I arrested him earlier today , but don 't worry , they all will be reintegrated in time for the trial . - And Seven ? - I assure you when all this is over there will be just one Seven of Nine . Alright let 's get started before my headache gets any worse Captain , a Kazon torpedo just blew out the containment generator . Do you want me to reroute power or take the warp core offline ? - Use your best judgment . - I thought you were on your way to the bridge ? I have to take care of something first , now get moving Lieutenant . Send damage control teams to Decks 9 through 14 . Seal the breaches if you can , I 'll be on the bridge . - Keep me informed . - Yes Ma 'am . Come here often ? Incursion factor .0036 - Better than I expected - Glad I could lend a hand . - When do we go home ? - You 'll both be returned to your timeframe ... you 'll be reintegrated with the other Seven of Nine . Since none of your time jumps , were to your foreseeable future , only the past , I see no reasons to resequence your memory engrams . But remember the temporal prime directive , discuss your experience with no one . Understood . Ohh Captain , Braxton was right about one thing . Voyager shows up on our sensors far too often . Try to avoid time travel . - See you in the 24th Century - I 'll look forward to it . - Or should I say backward . - Don 't get started .
