 [ TV : Indistinct ] [ Woman On TV ] This is really shining right out into the studio . [ Laughs ] [ Switches Channel ] The malfunction cut off power to rural parts of Kroner County . Up next , the amazing story of two giant pandas in love . But first , let 's check in with Holman Hardt and the weather . Well , still no rain in sight for the Kroner Hills region , as yet another winter storm passes south of us . I 'll have all the numbers and my five-day forecast right after this . [ Door Opens , Closes ] Hey , baby , you 're home early . Sheila , we got a really big problem here . What in the hell were you thinking ? Happy Valentine 's Day . We made a deal . We agreed to keep the engagement secret until I said so . I know , but I just wanted everybody in town to know ... why I 've been so happy the last few months . Another bone-dry day . Current temperature in Kroner is 45 degrees . [ Clicks Off ] I know business has been slow , but we can 't stop living ... just ' cause it hasn 't rained in a spell . Maybe we should just call off the engagement . Don 't do this . Not today . It 'll rain soon . I can feel it . I just need time to think . Oh , look at that . And you wonder why your ass is so big . [ Door Opens , Closes ] [ Mockingly ] " " It 'll rain soon . I can feel it . " [ Engine Starting ] [ Static , Stations Changing ] What I got they used to call the blues Nothin 'is really wrong Feelin 'like I don 't belong [ Continues On Car Radio ] Walkin 'around [ Singing Along ] Some kind of lonely clown Rainy days and Mondays always get me down Funny , but it seems I always wind up here with you Nice to know somebody loves me Funny , but it seems that it 's the only thing to do Only thing to do - Run and find the one who loves me - I 'll be damned . What I feel has come and gone before Yee-haw ! - Ow ! - No need to talk it out We know what it 's all about Hangin 'around - Nothin 'to do but frown - Whoa ! Rainy days and Mondays always get me down Hangin 'around Nothin 'to do but frown Rainy days and Mondays always get Me down - [ Tape Player Clicks ] - [ Band Playing March ] Don 't look at me . This was your idea . Agent Mulder , welcome to Kroner . I 'm Jim Gilmore , the mayor . We spoke on the phone . - Nice to meet you . - If I 'd have known you was bringing the missus with you ... I 'd have arranged for fancier accommodations . I 'm Agent Scully , Agent Mulder 's partner . I 'm sure the accommodations will be just fine . My apologies , ma 'am . We appreciate your flying clear out here to help solve our crisis . I 'd hoped for a bigger welcome , but , well- - Okay , Rhonda . That 's enough . Go find your mama . Uh , sir , you mentioned a crisis . Agent Mulder has been a little , uh , vague ... as to the specifics of this crisis . It 's all around us- - runted crops , field fires , bankruptcies . This drought is destroying people 's lives , and it 's wrong for a single man to prosper at the expense of others . A single man ? Daryl Mootz . He 's a local fella charging people for rain . - You mean cloud seeding ? - The hell I do . I mean , he shows up at a farm , does his dog and pony act and the heavens weep . Well , sir , if this man Mootz could , in fact , somehow produce rain , then what 's the crime ? I believe Daryl 's causing the drought ... so he can charge folks for the rain . And this is what you told Agent Mulder when you spoke earlier ? Yes , ma 'am . He seemed real eager to help us . Come on , Scully . You act like I intentionally misled you . Over the past 30 years , this town has had more tornadoes , heat waves and hail storms than any other town in the country . It 's like ground zero for extreme weather . A man ... controlling ... the weather . Well , if that 's true- - If Daryl Mootz is controlling the weather for profit- - then that is a crime , and that should be investigated . Mulder , I see the vacant buildings . I see the signs . These people are scared . But there have always been droughts and natural disasters ... and people are always looking for a scapegoat . Yeah , but how many scapegoats lease office space ? Agents Mulder and Scully with the F.B.I. - We 're looking for Daryl Mootz . - One second . Yes , ma 'am . Appendix " " C. " That 's right . I need a six-pack of beer , a carton of Morley Lights ... and a big old bowl of jelly beans . And can you pick out all the green ones , 'cause he don 't like the green ones . You 're welcome . - Now , what can I do for the F.B.I. ? - We want to see the King . I 'm sorry , Mr. Mootz is out of the state till this afternoon on business . Well , when you say " " on business , " you mean he 's making it rain ? Uh-huh . He 's just across the state line into Nebraska , town of Wymore . If we could get a list of all the people who have employed his services , it would be helpful . I don 't understand . Has he- - Don 't y 'all need a warrant or a subpoena or something like that ? We usually just say " " please . " What are you investigating Daryl for ? He 's a hero in this community . So you actually believe that he makes it rain ? I know it to be fact . He saved my daddy 's farm . How dare you people ! The only rain in the area is localized up around Wymore . See ? Daryl 's making that rain . Is it possible that he could have just followed it up there ? - [ Drawer Slides Open ] - Here 's your damn client list . - Thank you . - You 'll see . Every one a satisfied customer . This , uh , TV station . Is that far from here ? Oh ! We were beginning to worry that you wouldn 't make it . Ahh ! Is this your first time in a TV studio ? How exciting . I couldn 't be happier for the two of you . I 'm not su- - Holman , I 'd like to introduce you to the Gundersons . Congratulations ! I hope you have a truly romantic getaway . Aren 't you glad you watch Channel 5 weather ? We 're agents Mulder and Scully . We 're with the F.B.I. F.B.I. ? Oh , my goodness ! I thought you were the " " Watch the Weather and Win " contest winners . [ Holman ] See , we haven 't had any rain in months and , well , people tend to blame the messenger . Oh , there 's the Gundersons . Over here ! It 's like looking in a mirror . When I first saw the pair of you ... I thought you were rather smartly dressed for a farm couple . Make yourselves at home . Well , from what I 've read about Kroner , you 've had more than your fair share of unusual weather . Well , we certainly have . [ Chuckles ] To you , Kroner must seem small and simple . But through the eyes of meteorology- - low pressure systems , storm fronts , tornado watches- - Kroner is sophisticated , complex and , well , sexy . And ... frankly , I can 't imagine a more exciting place to be a meteorologist . Uh , Mr. Hardt , what can you tell us about Daryl Mootz ? The mayor called you in , didn 't he ? He thinks Daryl 's causing the drought . - You don 't think he 's responsible . - Of course not . A huge high pressure system is the primary culprit . There 's no credible evidence to suggest that Daryl , or any man , can be held accountable for our predicament . - Thank you . Can we go now ? - No . What about the rain ? That 's a more clouded issue , if you 'll excuse my pun . Now , I have a list of over 40 names here- - people in four different counties- - who claim that Daryl Mootz has made it rain for them . I went to high school with Daryl . Different social circles , and frankly , he 's about the last man I would give credit to for anything- - I hear a big " " but " coming . Daryl appears to be the real deal . I can 't explain it , but ... where he wanders , showers follow . Look at the desperation on these people 's faces , Mulder . They 're ready to believe anything . According to his schedule , the King should 've been here by now . [ Man ] Here he comes ! - There he is . Right here . - He 's here . He 's here ! Oh , isn 't that sweet ? That 's sweet . - Man ! What could we use around here ? A little rain ? - Yeah . Oh , look at this ! Ah ! Take these , will you , somebody ? Ahh ! [ Sighs ] Mm . That is the wrong damn boot , now , isn 't it , hon ? Be a good girl , and go on and get me the red snakeskin . Well , looky here . The F.B.I. We just came to see the show . - I guess , uh , we 're a little early . - O ye of little faith . That truck out there of mine ... is a whole lot faster than my rain clouds . Excuse me . - Thank you . - How do you explain your unique ability ? I don 't . It 's complicated . Try me . I watch the Weather Channel . If you 're wondering , did I ask for this gift , no , sir , I did not- - no more than I asked to lose this here limb . But I should 've expected it , and I 'll tell you why . Because I come from a long line of healing people . I 'm a spiritual man , in touch ... with the really real . The- - The unseen real . [ Dance Pop ] And I ... am 1 / 64th Cherokee , and I can summon up my ancestors ... to bring water to this thirsty land . Yeah ! - Mulder , what are we doing here ? - Well , this is not without historical precedent . The old West was full of traveling men who claimed to be rainmakers . - The Pueblo Indians even had a rain dance . - That is not a rain dance . My Irish Aunt Olive has more Cherokee in her than Daryl Mootz . I mean , look at him , Mulder . - Does that look like a man who can control the weather ? - [ Thunderclap ] [ Delighted Squeals ] Yeah , I win ! Hah ! Are we still going to the reunion together on Friday ? Absolutely . Social event of the decade . Hard to believe it 's been 20 years since we finished high school . Where did the time go ? What were those F.B.I. people looking for ? Oh , they were asking questions about Daryl , about making it rain . I wish they 'd just go back to wherever they came from ... and leave him alone . You don 't still love him , do you ? I can 't believe you still care about him after the way he treated you . - I know . - He never loved you , Sheila . All he cared about was your money , - and as soon as he got some of his own- - - He left . I know . But I think he used to love me . There are other men who will love you more . F.B.I. My Lord . I don 't think I 'll be able to sleep knowing ' they 're poking ' around . [ Sighs ] [ Banging ] [ Exasperated Sigh ] [ Rattling ] [ Lowing ] [ Gasps ] Ma 'am , unless you want to get covered in hamburger ... I reckon you should step outside . [ Revving ] Oh , miss , we moved your boyfriend 's things into your room . He 's my partner , and we prefer separate rooms . Oh . Old fashioned , are you , huh ? Well , we 're booked solid with the high school reunion . You can take it or leave it . I don 't even think you 'll need stitches . We can just butterfly it . I 've got my kit over in the car . Scully , I don 't think it 's a coincidence that a cow gets hurled at me ... just as we 're down here investigating the weather . Mulder , did they check you for head trauma ? I 'm telling you , that cow had my name on it . [ Vehicle Door Closing ] Agent Mulder , are you all right ? I feel terrible . - If there 's anything I can do , please don 't hesitate . - [ Scully ] Perhaps there is . Mr. Hardt , would you please reassure Agent Mulder ... that this cow incident was , in fact , a natural phenomenon ? With pleasure . Uh , it 's my belief ... that a mini twister picked that poor creature up , lifted it about 1 2,000 feet ... where the air cooled , and , uh- - - I 'm just grateful you weren 't hurt any worse . - [ Sheila ] Excuse me . - I 'm just grateful you weren 't hurt any worse . - [ Sheila ] Excuse me . - You shouldn 't be here . - Holman , don 't make this any harder . It 's my fault . I did it . [ Crying ] I 'm so sorry . I didn 't mean for this to happen . It 's not something that I can control . Are you saying that you 're somehow responsible for- - I murdered that poor cow ! Uh , Holman just explained to us ... that , uh , that a mini twister is what caused the accident . He 's just being sweet , covering for me . He knows the truth . [ Sighs ] This isn 't the first time something like this has happened . The night of my senior prom , a tornado demolished our high school . [ Both Scream ] And then on my wedding day , a day I 'd always dreamed about , the ceremony was outdoors on the Fourth ofJuly weekend . It snowed six inches . Then three years later , my husband ran off ... with some gal from the phone company . On the day that our divorce was finalized , I stepped out of the courthouse and- - You know how you-you-you can see shapes in those big , fluffy clouds ? Well , I swear that every cloud in that big , blue sky ... was a face laughing at me . And that was about ten years ago , and that was the last time it happened until last night . What 's your connection to Daryl Mootz ? Well , we used to be engaged . - [ Sheila Sniffling ] - You two were engaged ? Yeah , about six months ago , and , um , we had a fight ... and he took a drive and- - and a- - and a freak hailstorm cost him his leg . And ever since then the rain 's been following him . - Am I under arrest ? - No . I can tell you without a doubt that you 're not responsible for any of that weather . - Oh , but- - - Agent Scully and I specialize in these types of cases , and-and-and although you may have had some bad luck , - you didn 't cause any of it . - Oh . You 're sure ? Yeah , yeah , I 'm-I 'm sure . Scully , you have any doubts ? - No . No doubts . - You see ? It 's fine . [ Relieved Sigh ] I really want to believe you . - Thanks . - You 're welcome . - That hailstorm didn 't cause Daryl 's car crash . - What are you talking about ? Sure , the weather was bad , but Daryl was drunk and driving too fast . Drunk ? I never heard that . We all felt that Daryl losing his leg was punishment enough . [ Daryl ] People don 't realize how hard a work this is . I mean , sure , It looks like I 'm just sitting here , but my powers of concentration are- - Oh , yeah . Oh , right there , right there . Yeah , yeah . Yeah . Oh , you- - You 're worth every penny . - All right , what was I saying ? - " " Powers of concentration . " - Yeah , right . - Right . My brain 's functioning on something like- - I don 't know- - 1 4 different levels , taking in a whole bunch of variables ... like wind velocity and-and humidity and- - - Daryl , do you hear that ? - Hear what ? The rain stopped . Uh-oh . [ Door Opening ] Next flight out is 1 0 : 00 tomorrow morning . Look at this , Scully . September 20 , 1 991 . It rained rose petals for nearly an hour . Mulder , we 're going home . The rain stopped this afternoon . Daryl Mootz is being sued by about 50 people . There 's no case , and you told Sheila yourself that she wasn 't controlling the weather . She 's not . Neither is Daryl . Check this out . On the same day that it rained rose petals- - " " Irene Hardt , beloved wife and devoted mother ... " " passed away yesterday afternoon- - [ Mumbling ] She 's survived by one son , Holman Hardt . " - So now you 're saying that- - - Holman Hardt is manufacturing the weather . Did you see how relieved he was when he learned that Daryl was drunk ? I 've been doing some checking . Holman Hardt has been hospitalized five times with nervous exhaustion , each time coinciding with a major meteorological event . Mulder , it is still a huge leap ... to say that he 's manufacturing the weather . Most people will admit that the weather plays a significant role in the way they feel , right ? - There 's even that disorder- - - " " SAD . " - Mm-hmm . Yeah . - Seasonal affective disorder . Well , who 's to say that it doesn 't work the other way around- - that the way someone feels can affect the weather , that the weather is somehow an expression of Holman Hardt 's feelings . Or-Or-Or better still , the feelings that he 's not expressing ? I 've tried to say this a thousand times , tried to express the ... fire that burns inside this ... humble exterior . Sheila , you 're the reason I remained in this town all these years . - [ Phone Rings ] - I wake up each day knowing- - Hello ? Holman , it 's me . Working late ? Sh-Sheila , hi . Y-Yeah , um- - I was just thinking about you . - I 'm looking forward to the reunion tomorrow night . - Me too . You sound in a good mood . Well , I am , Holman , and it 's all because of you . I wanted to let you know that I 've been thinking ... about what you said about Daryl yesterday , - and I realized that you were right . - I was ? Yes , you were , and I am so over him . " " Daryl who ? " That 's what I say . I realized that I 've been chasing the wrong kind of guy . I need someone who I can talk to . I need someone who I can feel safe with . I can 't tell you what that means to me . Holman , I want to ask you something , and I hope that we can keep it our secret for the time being . Of course , Sheila , anything . Well , what do you think of Agent Mulder ? [ Thunder Crashing ] [ Knocking ] Hey , Holman . - Agent Mulder . - I 've come to say good-bye , Holman . - You 're leaving ? - Yeah . But I want you to get some help before you kill somebody . - Help ? What are you talking about ? - You know what I 'm talking about . You 're not just a weatherman . You 're the weatherman . You 're the person who 's been affecting the weather . Agent Mulder , if I could control the weather , don 't you think I would make it rain ? - That I would end this drought ? - I don 't think it works that way . I don 't think you do it on purpose . I just think you bottle up your emotions- - anger , grief or love or whatever- - and then as a response , it rains or hails or there 's a flying cow . That poor animal . And whatever it is , you got to let it out . I can 't . Yeah , you can . It 's Sheila , isn 't it ? You love her . Yeah . You 've always loved her . That , uh , tornado at the high school- - that was you , wasn 't it ? The night of our senior prom , I , uh , accidentally stumbled upon her and her boyfriend ... in flagrante delicto , and the next thing you know- - And you 've never told her the way you feel . How can a frog tell a swan that he loves her ? Well , you better tell her , or you 're gonna kill somebody . - Well , you got to help me . - I got a plane to catch . You can 't go . If you don 't help me , who will ? - I am meeting my partner at the airport . - [ Cell Phone Rings ] - Excuse me . Hold on . - [ Beeps ] Mulder . - [ Scully ] Mulder , it 's me . - I 'm on my way . I 'm not so sure . Have you looked outside lately ? It 's pea soup . Our plane can 't take off until after this fog lifts . Fog ? Holman ! - Holman ? - Yeah . He wants advice . - Dating advice . - Dating advice ? From whom ? Yours truly . Hello ? Hey , Scully . Scully , you there ? I heard you . Mulder , when was the last time you went on a date ? - I will talk to you later . - [ Beeps ] The blind leading the blind . This red number ? Daryl , you 're like one of those tragic rock stars . You know , like- - likeJim Morrison or Kurt Cobain . You just shine too bright for too short a time . We 'll tell our kids all about it . Kids ? Can 't afford kids . If I don 't come up with a lot of cash pronto , I am in deep doo-doo . Dairy Queen 'll take me back . I get almost $ 6.00 an hour . Shh ! I 'm thinking . There 's got to be somebody- - We 'll get the money , baby . - Sheila . - What about her ? Cindy , you have been real sweet and all , but I think we can use some time apart . What ? Are you breaking up with me ? Nothing personal . [ Daryl ] I 've been envious of men like you my whole life . Based on your physical bearing , I 'd assumed you were ... more experienced . I mean , you spend every day with Agent Scully- - a beautiful , enchanting woman . And you two never , uh- - I confess , I find that shocking . I 've seen how you two gaze at one another . This is about you , Holman . I 'm here to help you . I 'm perfectly happy with my friendship with Agent Scully . So according to your theory , I walk in there , tell her I love her and the drought will end ? Just tell her how you feel . And , Holman , I do not gaze at Scully . - Hey . - Hey . I can 't find my notes for my ... presentation . - Here they are . - You got a minute ? For you , always . Are you excited about the high school reunion tonight ? Of course . Uh- - Eh- - You 're busy . We can talk later . Oh , what is it ? I-I-I- - I love you . I love you too . [ Sighs ] Holman , what 's wrong ? - [ Woman ] Is that rain ? Oh , my God ! It is ! - [ Thunderclap ] It 's raining ! Well ? Good afternoon , Agent Mulder . See you tonight , Holman . Ohh , you did it . - No , you did it . - What are you talking about ? She said that she loves me , but that she 's in love with you . What do you mean there 's somebody else ? - Daryl , this isn 't the place . - Just tell me who it is . - Let me go ! - Hey ! Hey , Daryl . Cut it out , man . Him ? This is the guy ? - Oh , what 's he got that I ain 't got ? - Ajob . A way with words . Intelligence . Good looks . Good looking ? I 'll show you good looking ! - Daryl , no ! Not his face ! - Daryl- - Don 't you hit him in the face ! Oh , good . Picking on a cripple . You 'll hear from my lawyer ! - You deserve a big reward . - [ Mutters ] Oh ! Mulder , the fog has lifted , and if you 're ready , the plane is waiting . Scully , do you know anything about , um , weather radar ? A bit . Why ? What does red mean ? [ Scully ] Thunderstorms , I think . Looks like we 're not going to be able to catch our plane . [ Disco ] So I 'd like to know where you got the notion Said , I 'd like to know where you got the notion - Rock the boat - Don 't rock the boat , baby - Rock the boat - Don 't tip the boat over - Rock the boat - Don 't rock the boat , baby Rock the boat [ Continues , Indistinct ] [ Thunder Crashing ] Seven inches in the past six hours . The National Weather Service has issued a flash flood warning for the county . - Mulder , are you sure he 's here ? - If she 's here , he 'll be here . So I 'd like to know where you got the notion Said , I 'd like to know where you got the notion So I 'd like to know where you got the notion Said , I 'd like to know where you got the notion - Come on , Holman . Now make it stop . - This is your fault , not mine . - My fault ? - You were kissing her . Oh , look who 's here . Some of my favorite people . Old friends , and new ones . You look very lovely tonight , Sheila . Thank you . You look handsome . Both of you . - [ Song Intro ] - Oh , I love this song . Agent Mulder , care to dance ? Holman was just telling us that , uh , that he wanted to dance . Yes , he was . - I would be honored . - Okay . Tell her , Holman . You lay your bets and then you pay the price What was that Agent Mulder said ? Tell me what ? Oh , no big deal . We tell each other everything , don 't we ? [ Continues , Indistinct ] Well , um , when I stopped by your office this afternoon- - - When I said that- - - When you said you loved me . What I meant to say- - What I wanted you to understand ... is that I 'm in love with you . That I 've loved you since high school . Ooh , you made me love you Ooh , you 've got a way [ Thunder Crashing ] I 'll build the ark . You gather the animals . I was kidding . Sheila , [ Clears Throat ] my partner has a theory , and even though I don 't share his belief , I feel that , given the circumstances , you should hear his theory , because it involves you and Holman . Agent Mulder believes that the drought , this storm , these bizarre set of weather conditions ... that have plagued you over the years are- - are caused by Holman . Specifically , that- - that his emotions ... are somehow manifesting themselves in the weather , and Agent Mulder believes that-that Holman is ... unwittingly destroying this town ... because of his unspoken love for you . - You love him , don 't you ? - What ? You 're jealous because Agent Mulder and I have a special connection , - and you 're trying to divert me to Holman . - What ? It is good to be the King ! [ Chuckles ] It is good to be the King ! - Where 's Sheila ? - Where 's your leg ? Cindy took it . Said I 'd have to crawl back to her . Now , where 's Sheila ? Not even a kiss ? Trust me , the man knows how to kiss . [ Sighs ] I just never thought of Holman that way , you know ? He 's my closest friend . And to not even suspect- - Well , it seems to me that the best relationships- - the ones that last- - are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship . You know , one day you look at the person ... and you see something more than you did the night before . Like a switch has been flicked somewhere . And the person who was just a friend is ... suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with . [ Splashing ] The storm drains are filling up . Let 's get outta here . I 'll teach you to mess with my woman ! - [ Woman ] My God , Daryl ! - If I had two legs I 'd kick your- - - I called the police . - You might want to take a look at the King , make sure he 's all right . Whatever happened to Sheila ? Is it true ? That you make the weather ? 'Cause of me ? The tornado in high school ? Snow at my wedding ? - I 'm so sorry . - Daryl 's rain ? Can 't explain the logic of it . Yes . Some strange manifestation of guilt . Even this rain ? Because you love me ? Because I love you . That is the most romantic thing I 've ever heard . [ Crowd Murmuring ] [ Cheering ] Somewhere over the rainbow Way up high - I 'm sorry , baby . - Me too . - I brought you a leg . - Oh ! Once in a lullaby - Why you so good to me , honey ? - Somewhere - Mmm ! - Over the rainbow Skies are blue And the dreams that you dare to dream Really do come true I didn 't know reunions could be so- - Wet ? Well , how 'd it go ? You should try it sometime . - Away above the chimney tops - Sheila ? That 's where you 'll find me I can 't imagine a more beautiful day than today . We have about a 30 % chance of showers tomorrow , which should make all of our farming friends real happy . - [ Holman Continues , Indistinct ] - [ Baby Cooing ] Bluebirds fly - Birds fly over the rainbow - You 're a chip off the old block . Yes , you are . Yes , you are . Yes , you are . Oh ! Why , oh , why can 't I [ Child ] I made this ! [ Child ] I made this !
