 [ Train Horn Blares ] Hurry up ! [ Signal Bells Clanging ] Hi ! All clear . [ Chattering ] [ Speaking Japanese ] [ Car Engine Starts ] [ Medical Instruments Rattling ] [ Man Speaking Japanese ] [ Japanese ] [ Japanese ] [ Sucking Sound ] [ Japanese ] [ Japanese ] [ Shouting ] Aah ! Come on in . What are you watching ? Something that just came in the mail . That 's not your usual brand of entertainment . What is it ? According to the magazine ad I answered , it 's an alien autopsy . Guaranteed authentic . [ Scully ] You spent money for this ? 29.95 , plus shipping . Mulder , this is even hokier than the one they aired on the Fox Network . You can 't even see what they 're operating on . Yeah , but it does look authentic . I mean , the setting and the procedures . I mean , it does look as if an actual autopsy is being performed , doesn 't it ? Well , technically , I don 't know why they would be wearing gas masks . Maybe it 's because of this green substance ... they seem to be extracting from the subject . Can you identify that ? Olive oil ? Snake oil ? I suppose you think it 's alien blood . It 's widely held that aliens don 't have blood , Scully . - I guess that begs the question . If this is an alien autopsy- - - Where 's the alien ? What 's so intriguing to me is the striking lack of detail here . Well , what do you want for 29.95 ? That autopsy you saw on TV was so fake precisely because it tried to show too much . And this is real because it doesn 't ? Yes , and because of , uh- - Because of this . Who 's selling these tapes ? Some guy in Allentown , Pennsylvania . Claims he pulled it off the satellite dish at 2 : 00 in the morning . [ Dogs Barking ] - The front door 's boarded up . - Back door 's been busted open . But nobody let the rat out . Mulder , in here . He 's still warm . [ Door Opens ] Federal agent ! [ Dog Barking ] Come on down . [ Yelling ] [ Gunshot ] I get tired of losing my gun . Okay , now face the fence . Face the fence ! What 's your name ? [ Speaking Japanese ] Do you speak English ? [ Japanese ] Great . Give me the bag . - Give me the bag . - Mmm . Okay , let 's go . - Let 's go ! - [ Japanese ] [ Chattering ] [ Phones Ringing , People Chattering ] Either they can 't locate an interpreter , or the interpreter they located ... didn 't interpret the instructions and got lost somewhere . - I don 't know which . - Did you try the F.B.I. field office ? Somehow this is a tall request in Allentown this time of night . Oh , look at this . A beacon in the night . - Agent Mulder , Scully . - This is a surprise , sir . - You don 't speak Japanese by any chance , do you ? - I wish I could . - It might save us all some embarrassment . - What do you mean ? I 'm up here with a federal attorney trying to sort out a little international mess . - He said you made an arrest tonight . - A murder suspect , yeah . - I 'm afraid you 're gonna have to release him . - What are you talking about ? According to the japanese diplomatic corps , the man is a high-ranking diplomat . This man sitting in here ? That 's Kazuo Sakari . I didn 't get his name . I was too busy getting my ass kicked . What about the murder victim or the paperwork ? It 's all gonna be handled by some other agency . What are you two doing out here anyway ? Tracking down a video piracy thing . I suggest you keep your nose clean , and head straight back to Washington , Agent Mulder . Before someone takes another swipe at it . I don 't know , Mulder . It just doesn 't track . What would a Japanese diplomat be doing in that house ... with a dead man with his head stuffed in a pillowcase ? Obviously not strengthening international relations . Well , what do you want to do now ? Drop it ? I paid my 29.95 , Scully . I think I 'm entitled to a few more answers , don 't you think ? [ Scully ] What are you doing ? I just remembered a piece of evidence from the crime scene that I forgot to turn in . [ Police Siren ] [ Scully ] What are those ? They look like satellite photos . What would he be doing with these ? What would he be doing with a list of Mutual U.F.O. Network members ... in the greater Allentown area with the name Betsy Hagopian circled ? Maybe he was gonna fit her for a pillowcase too . Why don 't you stick around . - Get a motel room and check it out in the morning . - What are you gonna do ? I 'm gonna go back to D.C. like a good boy , like Skinner told me to do , show these to a few friends of ours . [ Man ] The name of the boat is the Talapus . just gotta love them German optics . So you 're saying that 's from a German satellite . No , the optics are German . The technology is probably ours . - But the satellite is most likely Japanese . - Launched from South America . - Gotta love that global economy , huh ? - Where 'd you get this , Mulder ? - Japanese diplomat . - I 'm surprised . The Japanese are very secretive about their espionage capabilities , and extremely careful with their intelligence data . What exactly are they spying on there ? The Talapus was a salvage ship out of San Diego . They spent months looking for a Japanese sub that went down in World War ll . It was rumored to be carrying a load of gold bullion . - Did they find it ? - Not according to all the reports . But looking at this photo here , the ship never returned to San Diego . - Why do you say that ? - In the rest of these satellite photos , they track the ship through the Panama Canal ... all the way to Newport News , Virginia . - The naval shipyard . - But why would they go there ? Maybe what they found wasn 't a Japanese sub . Good evening , Mr. Sakari . - [ Gagging ] - [ Engine Starts ] [ Clears Throat ] Hi . Betsy Hagopian ? No , I 'm sorry . Betsy 's not here right now . Is there some way that I can get in touch with her ? I 'm sorry . Um , my name is Dana Scully . - I know you . - No . I think you must be mistaken . We saw you . Penny ? Penny , come here . I 'm-I 'm afraid I 'm not who you think I am . Oh , my God . She 's one . - One what ? - One of us . There must be some kind of mistake . I-l work for the F.B.I. - And I 'm here conducting a murder investigation . - A murder ? Cathy , I 'm here at Betsy 's . Can you call the group and get everyone over here right away ? A man named Steven Zinnzser was murdered about two miles from here . - Penny , do you hear that ? - Steve Zinnzser was murdered ? - Did you know him ? - He was a member of our chapter . But you understand I 'm-I 'm not a member . - I 'm an F.B.I. agent . - That 's what you said . But at the door , you said that I was one of you . Did you have an unexplained event in your life last year ? Were you missing for a period of time that can 't be accounted for ? - Why did you ask me that ? - I think you better sit down , Miss Scully . I think there 's some people you 're gonna wanna meet . Talapus ? It 's a salvage ship registered in San Diego . According to the harbormaster , you went out to meet the boat ... when Customs wouldn 't allow it into port . Oh , yeah . That 's right . But it wasn 't Customs preventing her landing . It was the D.E.A. The D.E.A. ? Why ? What was the problem ? They were searching for contraband , if I remember correctly . Boat came through Panama . There was some concern that her crew might have picked up a shipment . - Did they find anything ? - We were never aboard . I think there was a question of confiscating the boat ... if the crew were to be arrested . - Were they ? - Apparently not . We were called off , and the boat put out to sea the following morning . - Well , that doesn 't make any sense . - Excuse me ? The Talapus came nonstop from Panama . She would 've had to stop to refuel . I don 't have all the details in my head . Would you do me a favor ? Would you see if there 's any paperwork on this ? See if there 's a heading or a destination for the Talapus . - That might take some time . - That 's all right . I 'm happy to wait . But I 've never met any of you . I-I 've never seen any of you before in my life . You may not remember . You 've only had one experience . Most of us here have been taken many times . Taken ? Taken where ? The bright white place . You remember it , don 't you ? I don 't know . There are men there performing tests . What men ? They don 't reveal themselves . They take our memories away . But somehow they start to seep back . Some may have come back to you , but they didn 't make sense . Do you know about regression hypnosis ? Yes , I 'm- - Have you ever considered it ? I 'm sorry . I don 't think I 'm ready to discuss this . You 're afraid to remember , aren 't you ? That 's okay . We were all afraid at first . Agent Mulder ? [ Man ] Got about five more pallets here , Greg . [ Air Horn Blasts ] [ Air Horn Blasts ] [ Car Tires Skid ] [ Air Horn Blasts ] I don 't know . When I opened that door and saw you standing there , it was like a revelation . The image of your face was so clear to me . But why is it that I don 't remember you ? All you remember in the beginning is the light . And then sometimes the faces , the men that performed the tests . How do you know that you 're not mistaking me for somebody else ? You have the mark , don 't you ? What mark ? Here , on the back of your neck . We all have them . It 's where they put the implants . [ Jars ' Contents Rattling ] I really have to go . I just came- - - To see Betsy ? - Yes . To see Betsy Hagopian . Why are you all at her house ? Where is she ? What 's wrong with her ? Betsy 's in the advanced stages of an undiagnosed cancer ailment . Her body 's full of tumors that won 't respond to any kind of treatment . [ Scully ] And you think this is the result of her abduction experiences ? They 've been taking Betsy since she was in her teens . - This is what 's gonna happen to all of us . - What do you mean ? I don 't know if you understand this or not , Dana , but we 're all gonna end up like Betsy . We 're all dying because of what they do to us . [ Chattering ] [ Chattering ] [ Machinery Noise ] [ Skinner ] I think they found what they were looking for . Whoo . I don 't remember giving you a key . I came to see you . Obviously , I was late for the party . Yeah , I guess I should really fire my maid , shouldn 't I ? Put the gun down , Mulder . Somebody else might get hurt . What are you talking about ? Kazuo Sakari , the diplomat that you detained yesterday . Our murder suspect . He didn 't make his fight last night . This morning his body was found floating face down in the CO Canal . I think we can assume he wasn 't diving for pearls . The Japanese government believes that he was murdered for the contents of a briefcase ... that he was carrying . A piece of evidence that wasn 't logged in the time of his arrest . What do they think was in it ? I 've got the State Department breathing down my neck , Mulder . The Japanese are set to prosecute this outside of diplomatic channels . - So let 's cut the crap . - Am I being accused of murder ? - Where 's the briefcase ? - Agent Scully has it . - She has it in the trunk of a rental car . - And where is she ? I don 't know . I haven 't spoken to her since I left her in Allentown . Then you better find her , because whatever you stepped in on this case ... is being tracked into my office , and I don 't like the smell . Mind if I tidy up in here a bit first ? This is bigger than me , you or the F.B.I. , Agent Mulder . I hope you 've got other names in your phone book , because I 'm taking myself off the hook on this one . You 're on your own . - Hello , Fox . - Thank you for seeing me on such short notice . I understand you 're in a difficult position . Don 't look so stunned . I 'm on the intelligence committee . Secrets are the only real currency we deal in . - Then you already know what I 'm up against . - Perhaps better than you do . Which , I assume , is why you 've come here . I need your advice on how to proceed . - Return the satellite photos . - I 'd be implicating myself . A good chess player knows which pieces to sacrifice , and when . But I can 't afford to become entangled in a murder investigation . Not now . - Why ? - Because of what I 've seen . Because it would give them time to bury it all where I might not find it again . Do you trust me , Fox ? Then let me earn your trust with the truth . I 'm listening . Several weeks ago in Knoxville , Tennessee , four Japanese nationals were murdered . All prominent doctors apparently engaged in a highly classified project . What kind of project ? The autopsy of an extraterrestrial life-form . - Was that part of it ? - I can 't tell you . Some secrets do remain secret , Fox , even to me . I was only just now given the names of the murdered scientists . Their credentials , however , are a matter of public record . Past deeds which may illuminate present treacheries . Your time is limited . Before you become , as you say , entangled in this ... past the point of being about to ... fully understand or expose it . What am I onto here ? Monsters begetting monsters . [ Knocking At Door ] - Scully . - Why is the door locked ? I have something to show you . - Do you have any idea where I 've been ? - Allentown ? I went to go see those MUFON members to find out about that woman , Betsy Hagopian . What 'd you find ? I found out that she 's dying , along with a lot of other women who claim to be dying too . All of them who say that they had these implanted in them . It 's the same thing that I had removed from my own neck . It 's the same thing that I had removed from my own neck . But you 're fine , aren 't you , Scully ? Am I ? I don 't know , Mulder . Th-They said that they know me . That they 've seen me before . It was freaky . They know things about me , about my disappearance . Well , that is disturbing . But I don 't think you should freak out until we find out what this thing is . [ Phone Ringing ] Mulder . - I got a fax coming . - What is this ? That 's a group of Japanese medical officers taken during World War ll . [ Scully ] I 've seen this man before . No , I don 't think so . Not unless you were in Japan in the last 50 years . No , I 've seen him before . His name is Dr. Takeo Ishimaru . He 's been dead since 1 965 . He was the commander of an elite section of the Japanese medical corps known as 731 , a unit now known to have experimented on human subjects . They performed vivisections without anesthesia , tested frostbite tolerance levels on infants , exposed innocent prisoners of war to diseases , the plague . Like their Nazi counterparts , they were never brought to justice . What are you doing with these ? Four of the doctors you see were on that videotape I showed you performing that autopsy . Yeah , but they were in full surgical dress . You couldn 't tell one from the other . Somebody could , because those same four men were murdered yesterday . - Found here right on U.S. soil . - [ Beeping ] - Murdered for what ? - That 's what I 'd like to know . - Or murdered by whom ? - Possibly our government . Our government ? For what possible reason ? For continuing their work , the work the Nazis were doing . - Trying to create an alien / human hybrid . - That is still a fantasy . Scully , after all you 've seen- - After all you 've told me you 've seen- - the tunnel filled with medical files , the beings moving past you , the implant in your neck , why do you refuse to believe ? Believing 's the easy part , Mulder . I just need more than you . I need proof . You think that believing is easy ? - [ Beeping ] - Well , we have proof . I identified what those five photos were tracking . A ship that pulled a U.F.O. off the bottom of the Pacific Ocean , a U.F.O. that 's in a warehouse right now being guarded by U.S. military personnel . A U.F. O. that was probably carrying that E.B.E. we saw on that autopsy tape . - What am I looking at ? - Part of our government 's secret railroad . Train cars used to carry test subjects , used to conduct that autopsy we saw being performed . Where did you get this ? From someone like you who wants proof . Who 's also willing to believe . [ Man ] Hmm . Amazing . Do you know what it is ? Looks like some kind of microprocessor . So you 're saying that this is manmade . What else would it be ? I mean , it 's definitely state of the art . [ Beeping ] The microlithography is extremely complex . I 've never seen anything even close to this density . Anyway of finding out who manufactures it ? Uh , there are a few companies out in San Jose , a couple in Boston . It could be any one of them . What are these chips used for ? Video games , brake systems . They 're finding new apps every day . I read about one being designed to help the disabled operate computers using brain waves . How ? Through direct electrochemical interface with the cerebral cortex . Pretty incredible , huh ? Yeah . [ Speaking Japanese ] - [ Japanese ] - [ Radio : Japanese ] [ Japanese ] [ Japanese ] [ Speaking Japanese ] [ Phone Ringing ] - Scully . - Scully , it 's me . - Where are you ? - The train yard in Quinnimont , West Virginia . A group of Japanese men just put someone in one of those boxcars we saw in the satellite photos . I thought you said that it was our government 's railroad . - Something serious is going down here , Scully . - What do you mean ? The thing they put in the train , it was alive . - Mulder- - - I gotta get on that train . It 's hooking up with a Canadian passenger train outside Cincinnati . Mulder , I was right about Dr. Ishimaru . He isn 't dead . In fact , he 's on your videotape . That 's where you know him from then . No , that 's not where I know him from at all . [ Chattering ] [ Chattering ] [ Voice From P.A. System : indistinct ] [ Man Over P.A. ] Your attention , please . All passengers on Canadian Northwest Express to Vancouver , prepare for boarding on track four . Again , all passengers on Canadian Northwest Express to Vancouver , Again , all passengers on Canadian Northwest Express to Vancouver , please prepare for boarding on track four . [ Tires Squeal ] - Express Train to Vancouver , what track is it on ? - It just left . - When did it leave ? - You just missed it . - It just pulled out of the station . - Thanks . Agent Scully . What are you doing here ? - Have you spoken to Agent Mulder ? - No . Why ? - He 's in danger . - How do you know ? He 's tracking a train . You can 't let him get on it . I don 't know what you 're talking about . You 've got to get word to him . Why should I trust you ? You 've lied to us before . You 're wasting time . Do you understand ? [ Tires Squeal ] [ Phone Ringing ] - [ Ringing ] - Mulder . - Mulder , don 't get on the train . - Why not ? Because they know where you are and they know what you 're doing . Who told you that ? Look , Mulder . It 's just too dangerous . Who told you , Scully ? Scully , it 's coming . - Let it go . - I can 't . Mulder , don 't get on the train ! Mulder ? Mulder , don 't !
