 Behold the mighty cockroach . Believed to have originated in the Silurian period ... over 350 million years ago . They can be found in every part of the world , from the tropics to the arctic . There exists 4,000 known species , and in a year , a single female can produce over half a million descendants . Radiation doesn 't kill them . By evolutionary standards , they are nearly flawless creatures , but creatures nevertheless . Possessing only a simple nervous system , their behavior is dictated solely by responses to environmental stimuli . Unlike us , they are incapable of thought , of ... self-illumination . Compared to the roach , we are gods ... and must therefore act accordingly . Is it true if you decapitate them , they continue to live , eventually dying of starvation ? Look , buddy , I just kill ' em . Well , that 's why I called you . I thought that nowadays you froze the insects to death . Freeze them ? Where 's the fun in that ? No , we got a new pesticide that works like a fungus . It not only kills the infected roach , but that roach then spreads the disease ... to every other roach it comes into contact with . Well , just as long as you , uh , get rid of them . Bugs- - I don 't know . They drive me crazy . [ Spritzing ] Why , you arrogant little- - [ Chirps ] [ Gasping ] [ Panting ] [ Screams ] I forgot to tell you I also found a roach on- - [ Groaning ] [ Cell Phone Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] - Mulder . - [ Scully ] Where have you been ? I 've been trying to reach you . My apartment complex was being fumigated , so I thought I 'd get away for the weekend . I came up to Massachusetts . - Visiting your mother ? - No , just , uh , sitting and thinking . Widespread accounts of unidentified colored lights hovering in the skies ... were reported in this area last night . Look , Scully , I know it 's not your inclination , but ... did you ever look up into the night sky ... and feel certain that not only was something up there , but ... it was looking down on you at that exact same moment ... and was just as curious about you as you are about it ? Mulder , I think the only thing more fortuitous ... than the emergence of life on this planet is that , through purely random laws of biological evolution , an intelligence as complex as ours ever emanated from it . The very idea of intelligent alien life ... is not only astronomically improbable , but , at it 's most basic level , downright anti-Darwinian . Scully , what are you wearing ? I understand what you 're saying , but I , I just need to keep looking . Yeah , well , don 't look too hard . You might not like what you find . Isn 't that what Dr. Zaius said to Charlton Heston ... at the end of Planet of the Apes ? And look what happened . - Scully , I got to go . - What ? Mulder , what 's going on ? - [ Dial Tone ] - Mulder . How you doing ? What are you doing ? - Just sitting , thinking . - Sitting and thinking ? And talking on the phone ? Who with , your drug dealer ? Let me see some I.D. The Bureau ? You on a case ? I heard reports of several U.F.O. sightings in this area last night . You see anything ? No , sir , not personally . But we did receive a lot of telephone calls . - Any more calls tonight ? - No , sir . The F.B.I. keeps tabs on these things ? No . Excuse me , sir , I don 't like to pry , but why are you sitting here with your wiper blades on ? Oh , I was just knocking off some bugs that landed on my- - - Landed on my windshield . - Cockroaches ? Maybe . Maybe beetles . I don 't know . I 'm not really good with bugs . [ Woman On Radio ] This is dispatch . Come in . Over . - Sorry to disturb you , sir . - What 's the matter ? Another roach attack . [ Ringing ] - Hello ? - I think you better get up here . - What is it ? - It appears that cockroaches are mortally attacking people . I 'm not gonna ask you if you just said what I think you just said ... because I know it 's what you just said . I 'm crouching over a bug exterminator whose recently deceased body ... was discovered with cockroaches crawling all over him . The local sheriff says that two other bodies were found ... in the same condition this afternoon . - Where are you again ? - Miller 's Grove . It has a large science constituency . The other incidents involved a molecular biologist and an astrophysicist , and the witness to this case is an alternative fuel researcher . These reports are not coming from yahoos out in the boondocks . The image of those cockroaches ... has been permanently imprinted onto my brain . I see them every time I close my eyes . Try not to close your eyes . How am I gonna sleep ? And where ? I 'm certainly not spending the night here . Maybe you could get a motel room or something . - Were there insect bites on the body ? - Insect bites ? - No . - No . 'Cause you know , millions of people are actually allergic to cockroaches . There have been reported cases of fatal reactions . It 's called , uh , anaphylactic shock . - Anaphylactic shock ? - Mm-hmm . Many such reactions ... have occurred to entomologists or exterminators . - Okay , we 'll check that out . - You still want me to come up ? No , no , no . I 'm sure you 're right . Thanks , Scully . - Who was that ? - My drug dealer . [ Inhaling , Water Bubbling ] [ Exhales ] - Dude , that 's some good crap . - [ Man Chuckling ] Come on , it 's your hoot . Um , I don 't know about this , you guys . You really ought to , you know . Try it . This stuff takes your mind and just sort of , you know , expands it . Well , something tells me it 's more than my mind you guys are interested in expanding . Well , how about another beer then ? - Okay . - I don 't know . I think you 're making a mistake here . Beer is just , you know , - beer . - [ Beeps ] But this stuff , it , like , swings the doors of perception so wide open , you can see whole 'nother world out there . But it 's still like this world , you know . It tweaks your mind ... and does this whole altered state thing to it . And suddenly , you see reality as it , you know , really exists . - Oh , God . - Dude , what 's wrong , man ? Oh , God ! Roaches ! - Dude , you 're freaking , man ! - Roaches ! Cockroaches ! - What 's the matter , man ? - What ? [ Screaming ] [ Phone Ringing ] - Stay . - [ Whines ] - [ Ringing Continues ] - Hello . - I take it back , Scully . I think you better get up here . - Another roach attack ? Yeah , and this was no allergic reaction . Two witnesses claim they saw the victim screaming about cockroaches burrowing into him . Are there still insects in the body ? We haven 't located any yet , but there are wounds all over the body . From the cockroaches ? Well , the victim did attempt to extract the insects using a razor blade , but we 're not sure all of the incisions are self-inflicted , except for the severed artery . Was there any evidence of drug use at the crime scene ? Uh , well , he did have a homemade lab set up , but I 'm not sure what he was producing . Aw , man ! Smells like a septic tank ! Would you make sure this gets analyzed here ? You know , Mulder , there 's a psychotic disorder ... associated with some forms of drug abuse ... where the abuser suffers from delusions that insects are infesting their epidermis . - It 's called Ekbom 's Syndrome . - Ekbom 's Syndrome ? The victim cuts himself in an attempt to extract the imaginary insect . You still want me to come up ? No . You 're probably right . I 'm sorry to bother you . It 's no bother . Bye . - [ Dog Barking ] - Hey ! Kids are brain-dead . I couldn 't get anything out of them . What about some urine ? For a drug test . - Did you get it ? - Get me a container . Oh , I think I killed it . [ Sheriff ] You killed it ? You annihilated it . It must have molted . It 's just empty exoskeleton . Well , at least we have evidence that cockroaches were actually here . We 've got more than that , Sheriff . I think that bug 's exoskeleton was made of metal . Nothing more than a skin abrasion . An abrasion caused by a metallic substance ? Why don 't we wait until the analysis of the compound is finished ... before jumping to any conclusions ? Uh , Agent Mulder , as a doctor , I always find it best to be ... completely honest and open with my patients , no matter how unpleasant the information . What do you need to tell me ? No . I need you to tell me something . What the hell is going on here ? Wha- - - Are we in any danger ? - I don 't know . - Well , should I evacuate my family ? - I wouldn 't know . Doc , they 're waiting for you to examine the boy 's body . Yeah , uh , as soon I take a little break . After talking with Agent Mulder here , I suddenly feel slightly constipated . - What 's his problem ? - He 's upset that I don 't know what 's going on here . So what the hell is going on here ? [ Beeps ] I see the correlation , but just because I work for the federal government ... doesn 't mean I 'm an expert on cockroaches . So you don 't know anything about the government 's experiments ... - being conducted here ? - Experiments ? A couple of months ago , an agent claiming to be from the Department of Agriculture ... sets up base on a couple of acres across town . Nobody knows exactly what 's going on out there . - It 's top secret , very hush-hush . - What are you suggesting ? Killer bees were a genetic experiment gone awry , let loose on an unsuspecting populace . Who 's to say the government hasn 't created a new breed of killer cockroaches ? You might want to keep that theory to yourself , Sheriff . No need to create a panic . [ Man ] Oh ! Oh , my God ! Help ! Somebody help ! Hey ! What the hell happened ? Cockroaches . He was covered in cockroaches . - I don 't see any roaches . - When I went out to look for help and I came back , they disappeared . Gently . Gently . Hmm . Doesn 't appear odd in any- - Ooh ! [ Beeps ] Next time , let me handle the roaches . [ Ringing ] - Who died now ? - The medical examiner . His body was found next to a toilet , covered with roaches . - I really think you should come- - - A toilet ? Check his eyes . Is one of them bloodshot with a dilated pupil ? - Yeah . - Well , it 's probably a brain aneurysm . - Brain aneurysm ? - Straining too forcefully ... is very common causation for bursting a brain aneurysm . Well , how do you explain the roaches though ? - Did you catch any ? - Almost . I don 't know what to tell you , Mulder . I just hope you 're not implying you 've come across an infestation ... of killer cockroaches . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Mulder . - [ Scully ] Mulder ? I 've been doing some research . Back in the mid - ' 80s , there was a cockroach species previously only found in Asia , and since then , it 's made an appearance in Florida . They 've now completely established themselves in this country . - Do they attack people ? - No , but they exhibit behavior different than domestic breeds . They fly for long distances , and they 're attracted to light . - But do they attack people ? - I 'm suggesting that what 's happening out there ... might be the introduction to this country of a new species of cockroach , - one that is attracted to people . - That all makes perfect sense , Scully . I don 't like it at all . Did you know that the federal government , under the guise of the Department of Agriculture , has been conducting secret experiments up here ? You 're not thinking about trespassing onto government property again , are you ? I know that you 've done it in the past , but I don 't think that this case warrants- - It 's too late . I 'm already inside . [ Sighs ] Well , what 's going on ? What do you see ? I 'm in a house . It 's apparently empty . - What does the place look like ? - It 's a , uh ... typical two-story suburban house . Nice big living room , sparsely furnished . Nice carpets , fireplace . Nice kitchen . Modern appliances . - Moving walls . - Moving walls ? Yeah . They 're rippling . Oh ! Cockroaches ! - What ? - Cockroaches . They 're everywhere . Ah ! I 'm surrounded ! Mulder , you 've got to get out of there right now . - Nooo ! - Are you all right ? What happened ? Flashlight went out . Mulder , what 's going on ? Gotta go . Mulder ! Mulder ! [ Dial Tone ] May I ask why you 're trespassing on government property ? - I 'm a federal agent . - So am I . Agent Mulder , F.B.I. Doctor Berenbaum , U.S.D.A. Agricultural Research Service . Doctor Berenbaum , I 'm going to have to ask you a few questions . For instance ? What 's a woman like you doing in a place like this ? By studying how insects respond to changes in light , temperature , air currents , food availability , we can determine the best ways to eradicate them . Why all the secrecy about your research ? You 've got some of the good townspeople suspicious . You expect us to advertise that we 've intentionally ... infested a house in their neighborhood with thousands of cockroaches ? But those , those cockroaches , are they a normal species ? They 're a common one . Have you ever come across a type of cockroach that is attracted to people ? Most cockroaches have been known to actually wash themselves ... - after being touched by humans . - Really . So you 've never seen an instance where a cockroach actually attacks a human being ? There have been cases where a cockroach has crawled into a person 's ear or nose . Nose ? What is that there ? Oh , it 's just a pet project of mine . Since an insect 's exoskeleton is a dielectric ... surrounding the conductive medium of its body fluid , when introduced into an electrical field , the brushed discharge will result in a colored fare . What is that supposed to prove ? Well , it 's my theory that U.F.O. ' s are actually insect swarms . I don 't know if you know anything about U.F.O. ' s , but all the characteristics of a typical sighting ... are shared with nocturnal insects ... swarming through an electrical air field . The sudden appearance of a colored , glowing light hovering in the night sky , moving in a nonmechanical matter , possibly humming , creating interference with radio and television signals , then suddenly disappearing . As , uh , nocturnal insect swarms , that 's , uh , that 's fascinating . Everything about insects is fascinating . They are truly remarkable creatures . - So beautiful and so honest . - Honest ? Eat , sleep , defecate , procreate . That 's all they do . That 's all we do , but at least insects don 't kid themselves that it 's anything more than that . Does my scientific detachment disturb you ? No . No , actually , I , I find it quite refreshing . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] Not now . You know , um- - I have always found insects to be very interesting . Really ? This is the fifth report of a deceased body ... being found amongst a horde of cockroaches , but police are not confirming , at least not yet , that the insects have anything to do with the fatalities . Police have also disaffirmed the rumor that these deaths were the result ... of an outbreak of the Ebola virus ... somehow being spread by infected cockroaches . As for now , these incidents remain under local jurisdiction , but a nurse here did confirm that an F.B.I. agent is on the case . Police are asking that if you see any cockroaches , don 't panic . Simply notify the local authorities and evacuate the area immediately . Reporting live , this is Skye Leikin for Channel Three , Night watch News . Then suddenly , there was this terrible crash . You know , you could 've been killed . [ Blowing Nose ] - [ Ringing ] - Mulder , are you okay ? - I can 't sleep . - What happened at the U.S.D.A. site ? They 're conducting legitimate experiments . I met an entomologist , Dr. Berenbaum , who agrees with your theory of an accidental importation of a new cockroach species . Did he give you any idea of how to catch them ? No . But she did tell me everything else there is to know about insects . - She ? - Yeah . Did you know that the ancient Egyptians ... worshipped the scarab beetle and possibly erected the pyramids ... to honor them , which may just be giant symbolic dung heaps ? Did you know the inventor of the flush toilet was named Thomas Crapper ? - Bambi also has this theory I 've never come acro- - - Who ? - Dr. Berenbaum . Anyway , her theory is- - - Her name is Bambi ? Yeah . Both her parents were naturalists . Her theory is that U.F.O. ' s are actually nocturnal insect swarms ... passing through electrical air fields . - Her name is Bambi ? - Scully , can I confess something to you ? Yeah , sure , okay . I hate insects . You know , lots of people are afraid of insects , Mulder . It 's just a- - It 's a natural , instinctive- - No , no , I 'm not afraid of them . I hate them . One day back when I was a kid , I was , uh , I was climbing this tree when I noticed this leaf walking towards me . It took forever to realize that it was no leaf . - A praying mantis ? - Yeah , I had a praying mantis epiphany . And as a result , I screamed . No , not a girlie scream , but the scream of someone being confronted by some before unknown monster ... that had no right existing on the same planet I inhabited . Did you ever notice how a praying mantis ' head resembles an alien 's head ? The mysteries of the natural world were revealed to me that day , but instead of being astounded , I was ... - repulsed . - Mulder , are you sure it wasn 't a girlie scream ? - [ Man Screaming ] - What was that ? - Oh , I got to go . - Mul- - No- - Ohh ! - Did you hear that too ? - Came from over there . What the hell 's going on ? Hello ? Is everything all right in there ? [ Screaming ] Don 't go in there , man ! [ Phone Ringing ] What happened this time ? One of the motel guests died . Mulder , I 'm coming up there right now . Scully , I think this man died simply from a reaction to the cockroaches . Two cases of anaphylactic shock ... in the same day in the same town is highly improbable . No . I 'm saying that I think this man simply had a heart attack . Word about the cockroach infestation ... and the deaths related to it has gotten out , and I think this man simply saw some cockroaches and scared himself to death . - Regardless , Mulder , something strange is going on out there . - Maybe not . All your conjectures have proved correct . The exterminator did die from anaphylactic shock . The teenage boy did die from self-inflicted wounds ... and was getting high off methane fumes derived from burning manure . The medical examiner did die from a brain aneurysm . I still haven 't been able to explain the cockroaches at all these sites . Or the fact that their exoskeletons are made of metal . Metal ? What are you talking about ? Mulder ? Mulder , I 'm coming up there . Whatever . - Can you tell what kind of cockroach it is ? - I should be able to . The abdomen 's still attached , and we differentiate species by their genitalia . - Oh , my God . - Is it abnormal ? I 'll say . He 's hung like a club-tailed dragonfly . Excuse me . Does it still look unusual ? Well , yes , for an insect genitalia , but maybe not for a microprocessor . You 're implying that this insect is mechanical ? What am I supposed to be looking at here ? Have you ever seen anything like this before ? Only in science journals . I 've read about an artificial intelligence researcher ... who designs robots that resemble and behave like insects . I 've never seen them myself , but I 've often thought of visiting his lab . He works out of this town ? [ Whirring ] [ Whirring ] - Doctor Ivanov ? - Why are you scaring my robots ? For decades , my colleagues in artificial intelligence ... have attempted to create an autonomous robot . By struggling to give their machines ... a human-like brain , they have failed . A human brain is too complex , too computational . It thinks too much . But insects merely react . I use insects as my model , not just in design but by giving them the simplest of computer programs . " Go to the object . Go away from moving object . " Governed only by sensors and reflex responses , they take on the behavior of intelligent living beings . So this one is just programmed to head towards any object ... moving within the field of its sensors ? No . Then why is it following me ? It likes you . Your contract is with NASA ? The goal is to transport a fleet of robots ... to another planet and allow them to navigate the terrain ... with more intricacy than any space probe has done before . It sounds slightly fantastic , but the only obstacle I can foresee ... is devising a renewable energy source . In any case , this is the future of space exploration . It does not include living entities . I 'm just speculating here , but if extraterrestrial life-forms do exist- - Oh , there 's no need for speculation . I believe they do . And assuming that they 're more technologically advanced than we are , and if your own ideas about the future of space exploration are correct , then- - Then the interplanetary explorers of alien civilizations ... will likely be mechanical in nature . Yes . Anyone who thinks alien visitation ... will come not in the form of robots , but of living beings with big eyes and gray skin ... has been brainwashed by too much science fiction . - Can you identify this ? - I 'm not really good with bugs . - A cricket 's leg ? - Try it under the microscope . Are you all right , Dr. Ivanov ? Can you identify that ? [ No Audio Dialogue ] Sir ? It 's ... beyond my comprehension . Hey , kid , move it ! Gimme that ! [ Yelling ] [ Man ] Back off , buddy ! Get it ! Hurry up ! - Get your own ! - I saw it first ! [ Yelling Continues ] [ Tires Screeching ] [ Man Shouting ] Hey , what are you , crazy ? Why are you stopping ? [ Woman ] Hey , you idiot , you hit me ! [ Man ] We gotta get outta here ! Excuse me , do you sell road maps ? - Could you tell me where they are ? - Come on , hurry up ! - What 's going on here ? - Haven 't you heard about the roaches ? They 're devouring people whole . Everybody 's getting the hell out of here . Have you seen any cockroaches yourself ? - No , but they 're everywhere . - Roaches aren 't attacking people , lady . They 're spreading the Ebola virus . Look , keep the change . - We 're all gonna be bleeding from our nipples ! - All right . All right , listen up ! I 'm Agent Dana Scully ... from the Federal Bureau of Investigation . I am assuring you that you are not in any danger . Everything is gonna be okay if you just calm down and start acting rationally . Now , where the hell are those road maps ? Hey ! This last can is mine ! - Roaches ! - [ Screaming ] [ Engines Starting , Tires Screeching , Horns Honking ] Well , Doctor , I , uh , I appreciate you taking the time to answer my questions . Yeah . Greetings from planet Earth . Well , it 's a cockroach , all right . It 's not like the leg segment you had me examine earlier . - It 's just a typical cockroach . - Even the ... Yes , even the genitalia is normal . Cockroaches are common in this area at this time of year . It 's one of the reasons I set up my study here . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Mulder . - Mulder , this town is insane . - Where are you ? - I 'm in a convenience store on the outskirts of , uh ... civilization . Look , I think I may have a lead . Remember that Dr. Eckerle who was the alternative fuel researcher ... that witnessed the exterminator 's death ? Well , the fuel that he 's researching is methane gas . Methane derived from manure . - Manure ? - He has an import license ... to bring in animal dung samples from outside the country . Now , maybe you can confirm this with your Dr. Bambi , but I think that cockroaches are dung-eaters . And if so , some of them may have been shipped accidentally in some of the samples . This fuel research facility could be ground zero for the infestation . Scully , if an alien civilization were technologically advanced enough ... to build and send artificially intelligent robotic probes ... to the farthest reaches of space , might they not have also been able to perfect the extraction of methane fuel from manure , an abundant and replenishing energy source on a planet ... filled with dung-producing creatures ? Mulder , I think you 've been in this town too long . Where 's the research facility located ? Wait , Bambi . You better wait here until I make sure it 's safe . Be careful . We still don 't know what these cockroaches are capable of , if they 're even cockroaches . I 'm not so much worried about the cockroaches as I am about the human element . [ Cockroaches Chirping , Beeping ] [ Cockroach Beeps ] [ Beeping ] [ Beeping Continues ] - [ Gunshot ] - [ Gasps ] Dr. Eckerle ? They 're after me . First at my house , then at the motel , and then I came here to get away , but ... they 're following me . You 're not in any danger . These insects won 't harm you . - I 've seen them kill two men . - They weren 't responsible for those deaths , but they might be responsible for ours if you continue firing your gun ... in a plant full of methane gas . Don 't you understand ? The bugs . They drive me crazy . Let me guess . Bambi . Fox told me to wait out here while he checked inside first . Should I come along with you ? No . This is no place for an entomologist . - [ Beeping Continues ] - Why are these roaches making those weird noises ? In Madagascar , they have roaches that hiss ... by blowing air through the holes in their upper thorax . Really ? How do you know so much about them ? I don 't . That 's why we shouldn 't kill these , but capture them for further study . Now , please . Put the gun down . - Have I lost my mind ? - No . You 've just had a very stressful day ... that 's affected your ability to think clearly . Your judgment is a little clouded right now . It is ? Then how do I know that you 're not a cockroach ? Mulder ! Mulder ! [ Cell Phone Beeping ] I assure you , Dr. Eckerle , I 'm just as human as you are , I assure you , Dr. Eckerle , I 'm just as human as you are , if not more so . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - [ Ringing Continues ] - You are one of them ! [ Gunshot ] - Mulder ! - Get out , Scully ! This whole place could blow ! Get down ! Crap . It 's like a crematorium in there . I don 't think we 're gonna locate the doctor 's remains . - Or anything else . - Still , it 's not as bad as some of the other fires ... - we had last night . - There were others ? Four , to be exact , plus 1 8 automobile accidents , 1 3 assault and batteries . Two stores were looted . Thirty-six injuries all total , half of them from insecticide poisoning . But we didn 't receive reports on cockroaches or otherwise for the last couple of hours . Maybe this town 's finally come to its senses . You two ought to go home and get some rest . You look pooped . [ Dr. Ivanov ] Agent Mulder ! They told me I could locate you here . Those segments you showed me earlier , may I examine them again ? Well , they 're completely desiccated , just like the molted exoskeleton . You know , many insects don 't develop wings ... until their last molting stage . Perhaps whatever these things were , they had their final molt and have flown off back to wherever they originated . Yeah , that would explain everything . May I borrow this , Agent Mulder , for further study ? I 've already had a similar sample analyzed . It 's nothing but common metals . What do you hope to find from it ? His destiny . Isn 't that what Dr. Zaius said to Zira ... at the end of The Planet of the Apes ? It 's one of my favorite movies . Mine too . I love science fiction . I 'm also fascinated by your research . Have you ever considered programming the robots ... to mimic the behavior of social insects like ants or bees ? As a matter of fact , I have . You know , I read in November of ' 94 in Entomology Extreme- - - Oh , I remember that . - Your article about colonization- - Yes , I really enjoyed writing that . Smart is sexy . Well , think of it this way , Mulder . By the time there 's another invasion of artificially intelligent ... dung-eating robotic probes from outer space , maybe their uber-children will have devised a way to save our planet . You know , I never thought I 'd say this to you , Scully , but you smell bad . [ Mulder ] " The development of our cerebral cortex ... " has been the greatest achievement of the evolutionary processes . " Big deal . While allowing us the thrills of intellect ... " and the pangs of self-consciousness , " it is all too often overruled by our inner instinctive brain , " the one that tells us to react , not reflect , " to run rather than ruminate . " Maybe we have gone as far as we can go , " and the next advance , whatever that may be , " will be made by beings we create ourselves , using our own tech- - [ Beeps ] - " tech- - - [ Beeps ] [ Beeps ] " technology . " Life-forms we can design and program ... " not to be ultimately governed and constricted by the rules of survival . " Or perhaps that step forward has already been achieved on another planet ... " by organisms that had a billion years head start on us . " If these beings ever visited us , " would we recognize what we were seeing ? " And upon catching sight of us , would they react in anything but horror ... at seeing such mindless , primitive , hideous creatures ? "
