 [ Man Wheezing , Coughing ] [ Man ] The Navy ... wantedtohearmystory . Theysaidlowedit to the dead to tell them the truth . I told them where tostick the truth . [ Coughing ] I 'm the last one who knows ... what killed the men aboard that submarine , who knows it was a suicide mission . But I 'll burn in hell before I tell the murderers who sent us there . That 's why we 've comehere all the way from Washington , sailor , to hearyour story , to make sure thatjustice is served . You said that afteryour outburst , the X.O. , Johansen , locked you up with your captain . johansen did what he had to . That 's war . Some are sacrificed so that others can live . You 've gotta get us out ofhere ! [ Screaming ] Let go ! [ Man ] But when thatdoorshut , Iknewmylife , allourlives , hadjustbeensacrificed . johansen ! Open this door ! - [ Pounding ] - Open this door ! Johansen ! [ Man ] Forthe fiirst time , wesawthe enemy that waskilling us . That thing ... was causing theslow , painful deaths . And I prayed one oftheJapanese depth charges would finish thejob . You called this thing " the enemy . " You 're saying it was an entity ofsome sort ? The Navysays we weresent torecoveranA-bomb , that 's why wegot all theseburns . Give me a freakin ' break . Whatever it was , we were sent to guard it . This was what exposed the crew to radiation ? Before it slithered away , back to where it came from , back into the sea , back into who knows what . That thing ... is still down there ! The Navy 'll denyit , butyou 've got to make sure the truth gets out . I can trustyou to do that , can 't I , Mr. Mulder ? You can trust all ofus . Excuse me . I 'm looking forWalter Skinner . - He was brought in with a gunshot wound . - [ Man ] AgentScully . Agent Fuller . This is Agent Caleca . We got the call from the D.C. police . - How bad is he ? - We don 't know . He 's been in surgery . - What happened ? - Hothead drew a gun . Skinner happened to be in the way . - What doyou have on the shooter ? - A description . A handgun was recovered in the parking lot , unregistered , no prints . - Our guys got two partials offthe cash register . - Hair and fiber ? - This happened a few hours ago . - This is the assistant director who 's been shot . We have to make all resources available . Excuse me . - How is he ? - He came out ofsurgery all right , but he 's in pain . I 've seen him before , the man who shot me . [ Bell Dings ] Give me the key . When we get there . I want to make sure we get there together . Give it to me . What 's " C.I. " mean ? When we get there . [ MonitorBeeping ] How 's he doing ? He 's on steady Demerol . He 's in and out . - I thought I asked for guards to be posted outside . - We put in a request . This wasn 't a random shooting . I want guards posted here , and I want them here now . - It 's a matter ofpulling men offsomething else . - I 've heard the excuses . I don 't care ifyou and Agent Caleca have to stand out in the hallwayyourselves . This man has to be protected , okay ? [ EngineStarts ] I thinkwe 're being followed . A dark sedan with its lights off . It wasparkedon theshoulder abouthalfamileback . Speedup . Speed up . [ Engine Accelerates ] [ TiresSquealing , Engine Revving ] Get out . Get out . - Where 's the digital tape ? - I don 't have it . [ Groans ] [ ManScreaming ] [ Man # 2 ] Hey , areyouallright ? [ Screaming Continues ] - I got a messageyou called . - Goodmorning . - We found something I knew you 'd want to see A.S.A.P. - On the shooter ? Yeah . The partial prints we pulled from the cash register didn 't add up to anything , but we found saliva on Skinner 's shirt that wasn 't his . This is an analysis ofthe secretors and other hemofactors . Which tells us we 're looking for a male , probably in his 40s with blood type B-positive . - We already know all that from the waitress 's description . - There 's more . We were able to chromosome-stain the hair fibers we picked up last night . - We still gotta find the guy before we can get a match . - We canrunhis indicators ... againstallsuspectsarrestedin the D. C. areain thelastcoupleyears . That takes too much time . You know what ? Run it anyway . Can I borrow this for a little while ? - Go ahead . - Thanks . Wepickedhim up lastnight . Theburnsaresomatic , caused by close proximity radiation exposure . Same as the French sailors aboard that salvage ship . Identical . - What 's the prognosis ? - It 'sjust a matter oftime . This kind ofabsorption will have a rapid effect on cellular activity , giving rise to the onset ofmassive and malignant cancers . Has anyone been in to see these men ? No . Yourorders were toisolate them . Butl think weshouldget aspecialistinherebecause , frankly , I 'veneverseen anything like thisbefore . I have . Doyou know what caused this ? Have the bodies destroyed . But- - But , sir , these men aren 't dead yet . Isn 't that the prognosis ? Guess I 'm not dead . [ Chuckles ] What happened ? - Maybeyou could tell me . - The state police found you unconscious . You were strapped in the passenger 's seat ofa rental car ... that had been driven into a ditch . We were run offthe road by two men . - Who 's " we " ? - Krycek . Krycek ? He was in Hong Kong . He 's got the digital tape . He 's been selling information . Is that what the men wanted ? They ordered him out ofthe car . I thought theywere gonna kill him . I thought theywere gonna kill us both . And then there was this bright fash . That 's all I remember . Well , it may not be the best time to tell you , but ... you 're not the only one in the hospital . - Skinner 's been shot . - What 's his condition ? A bullet perforated his small intestine . The doctor seems to think he 'll be fine . - Who shot him ? - I 'm notsure . But I have an idea . What are those ? P.C.R. results . This one belongs to the man who shot Skinner . Yeah , and who does this one belong to ? The man who shot Melissa . You may all be wondering why I 've called you here on such short notice . We 've received disturbing reports from our intelligence sources . A French salvage vessel came into San Diego , its crew all dying of radiation exposure . Its last given position was the site where we recovered the U.F.O. How could they have got information about that location ? We haven 't been able to determine that . The Frenchgovernment has deniedanyinvolvement . Well , they got those coordinates somehow . It seems we have an information leak , gentlemen . Has our associate in Washington looked into this ? Apparently , hehas respondedto thesituation ... in a way that I don 't think any ofus would have anticipated . - How doyou mean ? - I don 't have all the details yet , but I 've asked him to come here and explain it himself . Hi . How areyou feeling ? Like someone 's been inside my stomach redecorating . What haveyou turned up on the shooter ? We 've determined that the man who shot you is the same man who shot my sister . I betyou had to work to get that , huh ? Yes , I did . You don 't seem surprised . Three men came to see me a few days ago . They warnedmeaboutpursuing yoursister 'smurderinvestigation . Doyou realize whatyou 're saying , sir ? I 'm not advancing any conspiracy theory here , Scully . You 're saying they closed down my sister 's case ... not because oflack ofevidence , but because they didn 't want us to catch the killer . You should be very careful about the accusations thatyou make . The man who shotyou- - You said thatyou 'd seen him before . Several months ago , he was one ofthe men who attacked me ... in the stairwell , with Krycek . He was working with Krycek ? - They 're the ones who stole the digital tape from me . - Damnit ! - Krycek . Mulder had him . - Listen tome . Anger is a luxury thatyou cannot afford right now . Ifyou 'reangry , you 'regonnamakeamistake , andthesepeople will takeadvantage ofthat . You 've seen how they operate . - I 'll be okay . - Scully- - Ifyou can 't keepyour head , it 's all right to step away . That 's exactly what theywant . [ ScullyReading ] 'Addendum to casenumber621517 . In theabsence ofanyoffiicialresponse ... tomyrequest tohave mysister 's casereopened , Iam nowpetitioning to devote fulIBureauresources ... to thesearch forAlex Krycek . SinceAgentMulder 's release from thehospital , wehavehadnosuccess locating Krycek ... orthe twomenhe described ashisabductors . Personally , lbelieve Krycek is thekeytoidentifying ... thelargerforces behindthe crime weare investigating . Healone canname theman whoshotmysister ... andexplain thestrangeradiation deaths aboard the Frenchsalvage vessel . " Itlookedgreatonme in thestore . - What 's this doing here ? - I had it fown in from San Diego as evidence . - Evidence ofwhat ? - The suit was covered in a thin film ofoil , as was the French diverwhen I found him lying delirious on his kitchen foor . - What kind ofoil ? - From the reports I 'm getting , it 's the same substance ... that was found on the French diver 's wife when she was discovered ... on the foor ofa Hong Kong airport bathroom a few days ago . According to the analysis , it 's 50-weight diesel oil , Scully . According to the analysis , it 's 50-weight diesel oil , Scully . That 's thesame oil usedon World Warll submarinesandon P-51 Mustangs . - I don 't understand . - This oil is not only 50 years old , Scully , but its composition has been altered by exposure to radiation . I still don 't understand . How did this get onto the diver and then onto the diver 's wife ? I don 't think this isjust ordinary diesel oil , Scully . I think it 's , uh- - I think it 's a medium . A medium being used by some kind ofalien creature that uses it to ... bodyjump . Soyou 're saying this stuff has intelligence . I think that it came offof whatever they pulled from the bottom ofthe Pacific Ocean . It 's been waiting down there for 50 years for another host , another body to bring it up to the surface . Waiting tojump into the diver and then into the diver 's wife . - And then to Krycek . - Krycek ? I think that Mrs. Gauthierwent to Hong Kong under the control ofthis thing to find Krycek- - - I know- - I know how it sounds . - Is anybody not looking for Krycek ? No , but I think the $ 64,000 question is , what is this thing looking for ? And now that it 's in Krycek , what does it want ? ~ ~ [ P.A. : " Blue Danube " ] - Nothin ' to it . - You should call upon our services more often . We show a talent for these G-man activities . You mean ifl want somebody whacked on the knee with a lead pipe ? Only ifyou want thejob done right . It 's gone . - [ Shouting , indistinct ] - [ Gunfire ] - Grenade ! Where is it ? I 've been expecting you . - [ Gun Cocks ] - Put that down ! I have whatyou want . [ DoorOpens ] You made us wait . There was a weather delay on the shuttle from Washington . You had business there ? Yes . You , uh , may have already heard . We 've heard you acted on your own ... and moved the salvaged U.F.O. to another location . These new attempts to recover it have increased our need for security . Who else is looking for it ? In the event , I moved it as a safeguard . Somebody better damn well find out how the French even knew where to look for it . I can assureyou it 'll be absolutely inaccessible now . Why not bring it to Nevada , like the others ? Leaks in security and a heightened public interest have made Nevada unviable . - Is this why I was called here ? - No . We 'd like an explanation about this business ... with the assistant director ofthe Bureau , Skinner . Random shooting , for all I know . They have a waitress who 's given a description ofthe shooter . Theyreleaseda composite ofhis face to thepress . One ofyours , isn 'the ? I don 't know what to tell you . - Ifhe did , he acted on his own . - Good Lord . - This is a very serious exposure for us . - I 'll take care ofit . My advice toyou , sir , is to understand the priorities here . Get thisshooteroutofthe country as quicklyaspossible . Ifthe assistant director l.D. ' s him , ourwell-placed operatives won 't be able to stand in the way ofan arrest , compromisingbeyondrepair thesecrecyofour work ... and the security , as you so arrogantly assert , ofour project 's future . It 'll be handled . I 've got something here : writing . Somebodywrote on top ofthe package and left an impression . - Let me see that . - Your guys at the F.B.I ... . turnedamajorserialmurderer witha vestigialpenimpression . - It does look like something . - Your sci-crime guys at the Bureau have a laser there ... that can measure any change in a surface down to a few nanometers . [ Man ] They canliftaperfect impression usingmagnetic toner andasheetofMylar . An electrostatic device is appliedto thespecimen andrenders theinformation ... by drawing the toner from the indentations to the Mylar surface . - Actually- - - Actually , it 's a phone number . New York Cityarea code , 555-1012 . Now , don 't drop that . That 's a finely calibrated piece ofinvestigative equipment . - I gotta make a phone call . - I 'll be damned . [ Phone Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] Yes . No . This is a private line . You must have misdialed . No . There 'sno onehere to takeyour call . I 'm sorry . I can 't helpyou . Please hold on . Who is this ? Who is this ? Who gaveyou this number ? You probably know him . A man named Krycek . - Alex Krycek ? - Yeah . Nice guy . Killed my father . You wouldn 't happen to know where he is , doyou ? It 's Mr. Mulder , isn 't it ? [ Chuckles ] It 's so nice ofyou to remember . Mr. Mulder , can we meet somewhere ? Oh , I would love to . Giveyour phone number to my assistant . He 'll call you back in five minutes . Tell him I 'll meet him in three hours in Central Park , near the lighted walkway off79th , near the reservoir . When you hang up , have this number disconnected . Well , we got a name to go with the face . - Beautiful . - Hisnameis Luis Cardinal , native of Nicaragua , School ofthe Americas alumni , career mercenary , apparently impressed a lot ofpeople ... with his marksmanship during the lran-Contra deal . - I 'll bet . - That 's actually the good news . - Whatdoyoumean ? - He entered the country without a visa or papers . We can 't find anything on him : address , phone number , financials , nothing . - Does he have an alias ? - Several . None checked out either . InaIllikelihood , thisguy 'salreadyoutofthe country . Damn it . They think they canjust get awaywith it . I wish I could tell you otherwise . Keep looking for him . We 've ... pretty much exhausted our avenues . - What 's it gonna take ? - At this point ? Other than a sign from God ? I 've seen stranger things , believe me . - [ DoorOpens , Closes ] - I believe she has . I trust we 're alone . We 're all alone in New York City , sir . You 're looking forAlex Krycek , to kill him ... in revenge . - What makes you think we haven 't done that already ? - What for ? Tell me whatyou know , and I 'll consider giving you Krycek . No . You answer a few questions for me first , like what was pulled offthe bottom ofthe Pacific Ocean . It was a U.F.O. , a so-called Foo Fighter ... downed byamerican fighter pilots in the Second World War . - Left there until now ? - There were salvage attempts . A U.S. sub was sent in 50 years ago , but there were complications . - Almost the entire crew died . - Yes . It 's still a mystery . A mystery to whom ? The cover story said it was the third A-bomb bound forJapan . But the truth is , no one knows what killed that crew . - I know . - Doyou , now ? - You give me Krycek , and I 'll tell you . - Mr. Mulder , I 've given you so much this evening . You 've offered me next to nothing in return . You haven 't told me anything I didn 't already know . I 'm curious . Ifyou 've encountered Krycek , why didn 'tyou kill him then ? 'Cause he has the tape . Ah , yes , the tape . The tape he 's been selling those secrets off . You don 't know where he is either , doyou ? You 're looking for him too . Mr. Mulder , anyone can be gotten to . Certainly , you 've no doubt ofthat . Mr. Mulder ! - [ Ringing ] - Scully . [ Mulder ] Scully , it 's me . Those two guards you had posted outside Skinner 's room . Are they still there ? - They should be . Why ? - I wantyou to get down there and double-check for me , okay ? - I got it covered , Mulder . - Just get down there and check , okay ? Nurse , what happened to the guards who were outside this room ? - They 've left . - Where ? And what happened to the man in this room ? - Mr . Skinner 'snolongerapatienthere . - Where is he ? The orderlies wereherea few moments ago , andtheytookhim away . - Where did they take him ? - To another hospital . - The ambulance must havejust left . - Thankyou . I 'm with the F.B.I. Areyou transporting a Walter Skinner ? Yeah . Is there something wrong ? No . Everything is fine . I 'm just gonna ride with you the rest ofthe way , okay ? Agent Scully , what areyou doing here ? I just wanted to make sure you got whereyou were going safely . [ Exhales ] What is it , Scully ? just lie still . [ Horns Honking ] [ Tires Screeching ] Federal agent ! Stop right there ! - Areyou Luis Cardinal ? Areyou Luis Cardinal ? - Please . - Areyou the man that shot my sister ? - Please don 't kill me . - You shot my sister ! - Please . I can tell you . - Tell me ! Tell me ! - Ican tellyou . I can tell you whatyou want . You want ... Krycek . Ican tellyou whereheis . Please ! Please don 't shoot me . [ Siren Wailing ] - [ TiresScreeching ] - [ Man ] Drop thegun ! - [ Police Radio Chatter ] - Put thegun down ! Putitdownnow ! F.B.I. - Don 't move ! Easy ! - Got him . Standback , please . - [ Handcuffs Clicking ] - Get up ! [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Yeah . Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . Where areyou ? - I 'm at the airport in New York . - What areyou doing ? I 'm looking for my rental car agreement . - What areyou doing in New York ? - I 'll tell you when I seeyou . Mulder , your instincts were right about Skinner . Wejust arrested a man forwhat looks like attempted murder . Who ? - It 's him , Mulder , the man who shot my sister . - Uh , Scully- - Mulder , listen to me . He says he knows where Krycek is . I don 't know ifthis makes any sense toyou , but he says that he 's headed towards an abandoned missile site somewhere in North Dakota . I wantyou to meet me at the D.C. airport in an hour . I wantyou to get two tickets on the first fight to North Dakota . - What 's in North Dakota ? - The salvaged U.F.O. There must be 200 silos out here . Ifl 'm correct , theywere all filled with concrete ... in accord with the disarmament treaty when the base was decommissioned . I didn 't sign any disarmament treaty . - My ears are still popping . - We 're eight stories down . [ Squeaking , Clanking ] Where 's the concrete ? Apparently , nobody else signed that treaty either . One down , one hundred ninety-nine silos to go . [ Scully ] These tunnelsmustgo on formiles . [ DoorCloses ] He 's here . Hold it right there ! Halt ! Hands in the air ! Come on ! Come on ! He 's here . - You led him here , didn 'tyou ? - There 's nothing here but holes in the ground . - Why areyou here ? Why all these men ? - I don 't oweyou any answers . The U.F.O. ' s here . That 's what Krycek 's after , isn 't it ? Krycek ? Alex Krycek disappeared five months ago . - We saw bodies in there . Men with radiation burns ! - You saw nothing ! You won 't get awaywith this ! You can 't bury the truth ! [ FootstepsApproaching ] Take these away . [ Grunting ] [ Man Groaning ] [ Painful Groaning ] [ Continues Groaning ] - [ Knocking ] - Yeah . - Agent Mulder . - Sir , I didn 't expectyou back to work for a few weeks . I was looking foragent Scully . There was something I wanted to talk to her about . Actually , I wanted to talk toyou . I wanted to thankyou for everything you did . You mean getting shot in the gut ? You got shot becauseyou stood up to these people . I thinkyou 're proceeding from a mistaken impression . What I did I did because it 's myjob . From what I understand , you putyourjob and your life on the line for Scully . This isn 't my crusade , Agent Mulder . A woman was murdered . I mistakenly thought we could bring the man who committed that crime tojustice . - What doyou mean , " mistakenly " ? - That 's what I need to talk to Scully about . I wasjust thinking about something that a man said to me . That the- - That the dead speak to us from beyond the grave . That that 's what conscience is . That 's interesting . I never thought ofit that way . You know , I thought ... when we found him , this man that killed Melissa , that- - that when we brought him tojustice , I would feel some kind ofclosure . But the truth is , no court ... no punishment , is ever enough . I came here to tell you something , Scully . There may be somejustice , just not the kind you 're looking for . What areyou talking about ? They found this man , Luis Cardinal , dead in his cell . - How ? - They made it look like a suicide . The men he worked for couldn 't take the chance that he 'd point his finger at them . And what about Krycek ? Oh , he was there . I know that . You think they got to him too ? I don 't know . But ifthey haven 't , theywill . I doubt it 'll weigh on their consciences , though . I think the dead are speaking to us , Mulder , demandingjustice . Maybe that man was right . Maybe we bury the dead alive . [ Pounding ] [ Krycek ] Help ! H-Help ! Uhh ! Help me ! [ Agonized Screaming ] - [ Pounding ] - Help me ! Help ! Help ! No ! Help me ! Help me ! Help me ! Help me ! [ Screaming Continues ]
