 I simply cannot believe you 're going to go through with this , sir . I 'm a man , Kryten , with a man 's urges , and a man 's desires . Well what about an ice-cold shower , sir ? I 've used up this year 's water supply with ice-cold showers , Kryten . I was looking at the log this morning : a 112 gallons ! If I carry on like this my libido 's gonna cause a drought . You think this is the answer ? Look , I know how it may look from the outside - Going into an AR simulation with a book of cheats , and seducing the Queen of Camelot ? Words fail me . It 's quite the most unchivalrous thing I 've ever heard in my life ! Are you my faithful manservant or what ? I 'm ashamed to be with you , sir ! I haven 't been this embarrassed since I was loosening my adjustment screws , and my entire groinal box dropped into Mr. Rimmer 's soup . Is there any man , across the length and breadth of our great land , that dare challenge the King 's best knight ? I do , sir ! And you are , sir ? Lister , of Smeg . Good knight , do you accept this challenge from ... ' Lister of Smeg ' ? I do , my King . And what do you claim if the victory should be yours , my lord ? I claim nothing , sire . Serving the king is reward enough . And you ... ' Lister of Smeg ' , what prize do you claim if you should defeat my best knight ? I claim , my lord , a night and a day in the bed of your good lady ... 'A night and a day in the bed of my good lady ' ? We accept the challenge ... Do we ? Oui , we do . My lady , I think we should discuss this matter in private ... Do you not have faith in your good knight , to cut this dog down where he stands ? I do ! Sort of . Then we accept . Good knight - bring me this knave 's manhood on a silver platter 'Ey , steady ! then disembowel him , and feed his innards to the crows ! This is worse than playing away at Leeds ! When mah lace ' ankerchief , flutters onto ze ground , the challenge shall commence ! I just lurve that accent ... rrrrrrarrr ! If I were you , Mr. Galahad , sir , I 'd concentrate on memorising your cheats book . Cheat one : codeword ' steadcheat ' Haa ! I claim my prize , my lord . You are the scurviest knave in Christendom ! And I swear to you : your scheme to seduce my fair lady will not succeed ! Cheat 2 : codeword ' chastitycheat' Scum ! Absolute scum . If he that calls himself Lister of Smeg has a grain of honour in his soul , that tent will part this very instant and he will return to me my lady , and beg the King 's forgiveness ! Has anybody got any whipped cream ? 'Whipped cream ' ? Ace , we need to find a dimension close by . Understood , computer . Prepare to jump . Hey ! What 's happening ? Power failure , sir ! Electrics are going down . The red , green , and blue alert signs are all flashing ! What the smeg is happening ? Well , either we 're under attack , sir , or we 're having a disco . I 'm locked out ! Everything 's dead ! Steering 's down , thrusters are down and we 're heading straight for that ion storm in sector 12 ! Morning ! What the smeeee is going on ? A power drain is knocking out all the generators ! Cause ? An object of such awesome power and charisma it 's flattened all the grids ! At first I thought it was me ; turns out it 's some kind of craft Dimension Jumping . Any ident details ? The last time we came across a lunatic trying to pull a stunt like this it was ' Captain Smug Git ' himself : ' Ace Rimmer ' . Dear God , don 't make it be him , I couldn 't bear it . This is the JMC transport ship 'Starbug ' opening channels , please identify yourselves . Well , I said I 'd be back for breakfast , how 're those kippers doing , fellas ? Ace , buddy ! How 're you doin ' ? All the better for seeing you , Cat old friend . Is that a new suit you 're wearing ? Why , it 's sharper than a page of Oscar Wilde witticisms that have been rolled up into a point , sprinkled with lemon juice and jabbed into someone 's eye . Wow , that 's sharp . Thanks buddy ! According to the log we 're down to our last 3000 vomit bags . It 'll never be enough . Ace - good to see ya ! How 're you doing ? Never better , Skipper . Sorry to DJ so close ; ship 's computer made a minor calculation error . Poor thing 's got a bit of a crush on me ; it doesn 't know what day it is . So , what have you been up to , sir ? Nothing special . Saved a couple of universes , overthrown a few dictatorships , turned down a heapful of marriage proposals , and had my highlights done . What a guy ! Off ! So , what 's new with you chaps ? Arnie ? I 've been pretty damn busy myself , actually . I 'll take you to the guest quarters , bud ; we can catch up ! For starters you can tell me the name of your stylist ! Thanks Cat , but with your driving skills , you should be at the helm . Incidentally , it 's AstroCuts , in the Theta sector , Dimension 24 . Ask for Alfonce . Arnie , up for a stroll ? Thanks for the offer , but I 'd rather smear my genitalia with fish paste and dangle them in a pool of hungry piranhas . I 'll take that as a ' no ' , then . Oh Rimmer , go with him . I don 't want to . But , sir , he wants you to . And I want him to choke to death on his own smug gittyness . We don 't always get what we want . But Rimmer , he asked for you . He obviously feels some sort of bond . The only ' bonding ' I want to do with him involves a tube of superglue and a rabid hamster ! Oh all right . I 'm going . God ! Okay , allow me to show you to your sleeping quarters . They 're about fifty yards down there on the right . Bye ! I think - I may need some help here , Arn . I knew it ! You pretend to be a big shot while they 're around , but as soon as no-one 's watching you 're as butch as an ice-skater 's friend . What 's the problem ? Travel sickness ? The strap on your padded codpiece too tight again ? Sorry to sound so damn melodramatic but , I 'm afraid I 'm ... on the way out . You 're what ? About to visit the great airfield in the sky . Lose all my breathing privileges . You 're dying ? You 've got it , Arn . Your brain moves quicker than a nun 's first curry . You 're really dying ? Arnie , I want you to become the next Ace Rimmer . I mean it , Arn ! Are fevered rantings one of your symptoms ? The universe needs a chap to look up to . Someone to right wrongs , just generally be brave , handsome and all-round magnificent . And you think , I 'm your man ? It 's your destiny , Arnie . What , to wind up looking like a reject from a Gay Pride disco ? You 're just afraid , old son . Afraid that you 're not good enough . You 've always wanted to play the hero . I 'm not you . I think we established that in your last visit . I 'm not the Ace you met last time , Arnie . He caught the business end of a neutron tank in Dimension 165 . I 'm a hard light hologram , just like you . Ace is dead ? I took over from him , and I want you to take over from me . My god ! What * is * that stuff ? Light Bee 's been hit pretty bad , it 's a power leakage . Electro-magnetic radiation ; I haven 't got long . About the time I usually like to spend making love , say , 12 hours , maybe less . After that I 'll be too weak to train you . What do you say ? It 's part of the legend , I 'm not the first Ace , not even the second . There have been , well , let 's just say ' more than a couple ' . As one Ace dies , he recruits his replacement from a parallel dimension ; we all start off as caterpillars and turn into butterflies . We 're talking about a man who , at the first sight of danger , cowers under tables with a colander on his head . Skipper , you can 't judge a book by its cover . And you can 't confuse Rimmer with a book ; for a start a book 's got a spine . Let me train him , that 's all I ask . Talk to him ; persuade him . What is it ? What 's the joke ? Nothin ' , nothin ' . Well clearly it 's not ' nothing ' . Clearly you 've just heard something terribly amusing , clearly . It 's just that Ace has just told me about trying to get you to be the next Ace Rimmer . Yes , sadly I 've got to sort out my shoe collection , or I 'd have jumped at it like a shot . It 's just , you , y 'know ? The next Ace ... The very idea . It 's not so ridiculous , Lister ! Other versions of me have turned into him . In fact , if I wasn 't needed around here so badly , I think I 'd very likely take him up on it . Rimmer , don 't take this the wrong way , but how could you be the next Ace ? I mean , you 're a gutless , spineless , gormless , direction-less , neurotic , underachieving , sniveling , cowardly pile of smeg . No offence , but get real , man ; most eunuchs have got more balls than you . Well * that * , my fine , madras-guzzling friend , is where you are wrong , because I 've taken Ace up on his offer , and training begins ... .right now . Er , why have you brought me here ? Take a look around , Arnie . The plateaux , the summit . This is where you must be to become Ace Rimmer . No , this where you must be to become Maria Von Trapp . Just concentrate ! Feel the wind on your face ; * be * the wind , Arnie . Unleash the wild power you know lurks inside you . Be the cougar running free and unfettered through the mountains . Be the what ? Come on , man , you can do it , concentrate ! See the cougar , Arnie ? It 's you ; can you see it ? Err , sort of . Oh , I 'll never be Ace ! We tried , we failed ! I give up . All your life you 've given up . Well , maybe after more training ! I can 't keep up the dog and pony show any longer . It 's now or never . What 's that ? Light Bee Remote . If you can fool your crew-mates into thinking you 're me , we 'll know you 're ready . But I 'm not ready ! Try it the other way around . " The name 's Rimmer , " Oh , this is ridiculous . Ah , Mr. Ace , sir . Everything okay ? What ? Er , yes , Kryten . Krytie . Uh-huh , yeah , everything 's fine . Are you sure , sir , you sound a little different ? Errr , could you be more specific ? Er , 67 % more weasely . Eeeeerrrrrrr , sore throat , er , sore throat . Er , um , bug going around , a holographic virus . But it affects humans too . Arnie 's got it . I 've quarantined him for twenty-four hours ; no one 's to go near him . Ah , I was just wondering , sir : we 've run out of bacofoil about six months ago ; I don 't suppose you have a spare jacket I might roast a chicken in ? Listen , you stupid , jumped-up little son-of-a ... Ohhhhhhh ! Sorry , old friend ; afraid not , catch you later . I bid you good day , my lord . I come in search of the knave called ' Lister of Smeg ' . Now wait a minute , old friend , let 's just stay calm , shall we ? Are you one of his household ? Errr , in a manner of speaking ... Then prepare to die ! Let 's talk about this shall we , over a pot of tea and some toasted muffins ? Okay , how about some scones and clotted cream ? Dundee cake ? Battenburg ? My God ! I did it ! So far - so good . I did it ! That 's the most heroic thing I 've done since I set fire to Stinky Bateman 's turn-ups in third from prep ! Well done , Arnie ; you 've done us proud . Smoke me a kipper ... I 'll be back for ... What 's happenin ' , bro ? What 's happened to goalpost head ? No , you don 't understand . It 's not me , it 's him . Sir , you 're in shock . The trauma has made you speak like Mr. Rimmer . What happened ? Ah , one of them knights has escaped from the AR machine . It 's killed Rimmer . * Isn 't that right , Ace * ? We should give Rimmer a decent send-off , y 'know . It 's the least he deserves . I just can 't believe it . Neither can I. I was only insulting him just this morning . Poor Mr. Rimmer . I haven 't felt this wretched since Spare Head # 3 told me the others held a poll , and voted me the 'big-eared , ugly one ' . Heyy . Decided what you 're gonna do ? I thought I 'd stick around here for a bit . " Get the hang of the character , as it were " . What 's that ? Ace asked me to fit it . Said it would take his coffin to its ' final resting place ' , alongside all the other Ace Rimmers . He 's left some more beacons behind for the Ace 's that follow you . I 'm getting cold feet , Listy . I 'm not sure I can go through with it . Leave , I mean . Be Ace . You heard what he said ; it 's your destiny . It 's my destiny to be a smug , self-satisfied git ? Okay , so he was a bit full of himself , but you can be a different * kind * of Ace , it 's up to you . Look , he said if you got cold feet we should follow the coffin . He said it might make you change your mind . We are gathered here today to say our final farewells to Mr Rimmer . On occasion he was a small-minded , bureaucratic , incompetent , cowardly little person , er , but he also had his good qualities . Those * were * his good qualities ! To say something about the finer side of his nature , I 'd like to turn now to Mr Lister . Alexander the Great 's chief eunuch has finally joined his master . The man who kept his underpants on coat-hangers and sewed name labels into his ship , issue condoms has gone . Life will never be the same . We have lost the finest , the most dedicated vending machine repair man the Space Corps - no , no - the universe has ever known . No one ever pressed for a Coke , and got oxtail soup and orange juice by mistake on his shift , well , actually , that 's not true : we all did but what the smeg , this is his eulogy . He didn 't have very many friends , but those that he did have were with him at the end . Even Rachel , who I suppose in many ways is his widow . See ya smeg ' ead . Later , bud . Goodbye Mr. Smeeee Heeee . Bye , Ironballs . Finally this : When Rimmer originally died aboard Red Dwarf , Holly brought him back as a hologram , to keep me sane , never an easy task . He succeeded spectacularly , and for this accomplishment , we award him this : Kryten , place First Officer Rimmer 's decoration into the coffin . Right away , sir . Gentlemen : First Officer Rimmer . First Officer Rimmer . All those Rimmers ... They all did it . They all became Ace ; passed on the flame . Are you really gonna be the one to break the chain ? It 's been a blast , fellers . Bye , man . Bye , dude . Au revoir , Mr Ace , sir . Stoke me a clipper , I 'll be back for Christmas . Whatever . Just had to say one last goodbye ! Seeya , Davey boy . Yeah , good luck , man ...
