 This is the daily report of Captain F. Hollister of the mining ship Red Dwarf . Several of my crew are presently being tried for crimes against the Space Corps . This is gonna sound nuts , but the whole crew died , including you ! And you 've all been resurrected by these microscopic little robots ! I 've got to track down these nano 's , to corroborate our story . Otherwise , who 's going to believe our defence ? Only meths drinkers and the corn circle society . I need your help , man . I 've seen the crew 's files , medical records , sessions with the therapist , the works . I can make you look like a genius . You can get promoted in the field , man , you won 't have to take exams .. Just , help me escape . I have my principles , Lister . You think you can buy me with promises of power and glory ? You really think ... okay , I 'll do it . But you 'll have to prove it to me first . You 're on . Get me promoted . You 'll find the confidential files in Starbug 's cockpit . There 's a senile version of Holly loaded into this watch . He 'll lead you to it . Yes ! My captain , sir . Rimmer , is this salute ever gonna end ? Err , do I have time to go for a cup of coffee ? Maybe go on vacation ? Nearly finished sir . It 's my very special extra long salute , I reserve for the especially important , sir . You wanted to see me ? I 'm concerned over some of the safety procedures on board , sir . There 's a potentially lethal scenario concerning drive plates , sir . Obviously , anyone who mis-repaired one of these plates would have to have a brain the size of a leprechaun 's testicle , nevertheless , sir , like German tourists , the stupid are everywhere . I propose the following new safety procedures , sir . Did you really think of this ? Permission to look smug , sir . Permission granted . Good work , Rimmer . Great work . Oh , before I go , sir . Happy wedding anniversary , sir . " Anus Soothe Pile Cream . The easy-to-apply cream that comes with its own special glove " . " One size fits all " ... I could tell from your walk . Rimmer ... could you post this for me ? Why , certainly , sir . Oh , its addressed to me , sir ? I 'm giving a supper for some of the guys that I 've marked out for greater things . And you want me to be the wine waiter , sir ? This report is first rate ! Now , I want you to come to supper . See you on Friday . Incidentally , its black tie ... Thai , Chinese , I 'll eat anything , sir ! Though , I would prefer it if it wasn 't black ... any chance of having mine medium-rare , sir ? Just go ! Wear what the hell you want ... Fill this up , behind the screen . Kryten , hi ... What are you doing here ? What 's wrong ? I 've been classified as a woman . A woman , why ? Well , because I haven 't got a ... penis ... It 's a Space Corps. directive to prevent gender ambiguity in jail . What 's the saying , " if you 've got nothing to swing , you can 't be with Bing " . Well , what happened , did you lose it ? I was never issued with one , ma 'am . Well , why would I need one , unless somehow I lost both arms and there was an emergency situation to write my name in the snow . But hey , now you 're a woman its going to mean some big changes in the way you behave . I 'm not going to be a woman for long , ma 'am . Just overnight . They want my permission to repair my corrupted files . Tomorrow afternoon . Restore my factory settings ! But your corrupted files are what makes you you ! I 've been diagnosed as being quirky and unstable ! Spin my nipple-nuts and send me to Alaska ! Quirky ! ? How could they reach a verdict like that ? And as for unstable ! It makes me so ... Darn it , I still haven 't got the hang of that emotion , have I ? What was it supposed to be ? Ambivalence . Didn 't come out right though , did it ? I look like Mister Lister when he 's forced to eat fruit . Well , look , what are you going to do ? Why , I have to go along with them , ma 'am ... I can 't say no , they are my superiors . Look , you 've got to say no ! I can 't ! They 're better than me , I 'm , I 'm not strong enough ! Right , here 's a tip : if you get scared tomorrow , just imagine what they look like on the loo ... can you see them ? No , I ... Ooh .. ! Yes , I can ! Do they still seem better than you ? No , ma 'am ! - Do they still seem superior ? - No , ma 'am ! That 's what you 've got to do tomorrow ! Just re-create that picture ! - It works for everyone ! - Yes ! Who are you looking at now ? You , ma 'am ! Be upstanding . Just relax , Rimmer 's gonna help us escape . This enquiry 's a piece of cake , we 're just going through the motions ... Let 's get this enquiry under way . You have refused defense assistance , is that right ? Okay , this is what we do . I 've watched a lot of TV shows and we all huddle together like this and whisper for a while before we answer . It looks like we know what we 're doing ! We intend to defend ourselves ! You see how good that looked ? Are you familiar with the mind scan ? We are familiar with the mind scan , sir . You are aware that it pictorially enhances the cognitive process , making your innermost thoughts available for recording and viewing to a board of enquiry ? Yes , sir . You understand that it will involve the administration of psychotropic drugs , that is , drugs that affect your mental state , making this process possible ? If you accept , say ' aye ' . Aye . Please sign the consent forms and seal them into the envelopes provided . We reconvene at 10am tomorrow . The plan 's working , Listy . Operation Get Rimmer Officerhood , Power and Eminence , or G.R.O.P.E. for short , is bang on course . That information I gave you on the drive plates worked , then ? Yes ! He 's never been so pleased ! And , get this , he 's invited me to supper with the movers and the shakers . The movers and the shakers ? Not me , Listy . I 'm on my way , up the ziggurat , lickety-split . Well , don 't forget your part of the deal . The override code for this so I can leg it . It 's too soon , I 'm not an officer yet ! The trial begins tomorrow , man ! Without the nanobots our defence has got more holes than my socks . But once you 've legged it , where does that leave me ? I 'm not helping you escape and losing all my insider knowledge . I 'm not an officer yet . Woh ! we shook hands on a deal ! Yeah but , Lister , you know me ; my handshake 's less reliable than a plumber 's estimate . No escapo , no more info . Listy , its not going to help you . I 've got the confidential files . Plus , I went through Starbug 's salvage , and I found these : The Luck virus ... Sexual Magnetism . Positive viruses , Holly told me everything . Take some of this , it gives you luck , and this , gives you sexual magnetism . I 've already tried some ; right now , Yvonne McGruder is sleeping off the first twenty-three pages of the Kame Sutra . So , you reneged on the deal , then ? Breaking your promise ? So you 're a total scum-sucking , two-faced , weaselly weasel ? Ah , my entry in " Who 's Who " . You left some of your luck behind , man . I touched the tube ... Sheer luck ... You may , if you prefer , stand with the others tomorrow and face the charges against you . However , I advise that you have your corrupted files repaired , after which you may go free . What is your decision ? Nnnn - , nnnnn - , nnnnnnnn - , oh , its no good ! Okay , let 's all stay calm ! No need to be ... After all , Kryten is merely holding us hostage , which is lovely ! Isn 't it , everyone ? Lovely . We don 't want any trouble . We 'll just do what you say . Come on , then . Come with me . Come on , inside , inside , that 's it . Come on , all of you , quick , quick , quick , quick . There we go , that 's it . Now , I want you to take down your pants , and sit on a toilet . My god , he 's mad ! Then what 're you going to do to us .. ? I 'm going to look at you . He 's totally mad ! Just ... do what he says ... Lovely ... Now I want you to ask me the question again . " Do I want to have my corrupted files repaired ? " Do you want to have your corrupted files repaired ? Nnnnnn - , nnnnnnn - , nnnnnn-no . I did it . No , nnnnn-no , I don 't . The answer to the question is no . No doubt about it , I do not want to have my corrupted files repaired . The answer is nnnnno ! Hello . I 'm the Data Doctor . If you would like me to examine your hard disk , press ' Examine ' . Your mechanoid appears to have developed the following rogue emotions : affection , arrogance , envy , guilt , humour , insecurity , petulance , possessiveness , snobbery , and love . If you wish to eradicate these emotions from his database , press ' Fix ' . All bad line blocks and corrupted personality disks have now been fixed . Please reboot your mechanoid . His personality has now been restored - to its factory settings . My name is Kryten , I am programmed to serve . Can I be of service ? Bring me a coffee , please , Kryten . Certainly , ma 'am . Then you may scrub the floor . Yes , ma 'am . Are you happy - Kryten ? I have no understanding of human emotions , ma 'am . I am programmed to serve . Excellent . I 'm going to be ' Colin Charisma ' at the Captain 's table with this stuff . Hi ... And if we approach light speed , I think we have to be aware we could come across something I believe we 'll experience called ' future echoes ' . Certain pockets of ... futurey things . From the future . How fascinating ... What a fascinating man you are , Mister Rimmer ... I think we 've greatly underestimated you over the years , Arnold . Now , let me find out where that coffee is . Oh no , Captain , please , allow me . Perhaps , ah , you could help me , Mister Rimmer .. ? Why , certainly , and perhaps we can talk about my theory on backwards universes ? And , of course , in a backwards universe many things begin to make more sense - Oh my god , you are sexy ! So very , very sexy ! Bravo , bud ! What now ? Well , we find Kryten , get to the landing bay , grab a ship and get the hell outta town . He 's on this floor . Here he is ! Kryten , come on . Are you addressing me , sir ? I don 't believe we 've had the pleasure . What have they done to you , Kryten ? You sound like Noel Coward 's elocution teacher ! Well , if you 'll forgive me , sir , I have my duties to perform . Good day . Aw , they 've fixed all his corrupted files . He mustn 't have been able to say ' no ' . Someone 's coming . We 've got to get a better disguise . We 've already got a disguise ! What 's the point of a disguise if you wear it under your normal outfit , Cat ? A grey boiler suit ? You think I 'm gonna wear this on the outside ? Ha ! Look , we 're not leaving without him . I don 't care what they 've done to him , he 's coming with us . He 's part of the posse . Hey ! I got a great idea for a new disguise ! What ? The Dibbley family ! Yess ! Ahhh , there you are ! Any ... news on the coffee ? Drat . We forgot . I 'll find out right away , sir . I 'll give you a hand , Mister Rimmer ... Sorry to interrupt ... sir , but we 're searching this floor for the escaped prisoners . Sorry , we haven 't seen them . Just me , my wife , here , and my brother . Hello ! - Hi ! - Hi . I don 't recollect seeing you guys before .. ? That 's because we don 't go around much looking like this . What do you guys do ? Well , if you see anything suspicious , call security , okay ? Er , you bet . Begging your pardon , sirs , I just need to get a mop . How peculiar , my mop-heads are missing . Don 't I know you , sir ? Wayne ... Wayne , something . Wayne Wibbley ? Where do I know you from ? No , no , sir , you 're mistaken . You 're mixing me up with some other big-teeth dork . No , let him speak . Where do you know him from ? Are you out of your mind ? Shh-shh ! Where do you know him from ? Think ! I think I 'm about to discover something wonderful , but , when I discover it , it will put someone in great danger . I feel an emotion . I feel two emotions ; two different emotions ! I feel - I feel - Ambivalence ? I can feel my files corrupting ... they 're ... corrupting , I ... oohh , ohhh , oh yes , that 's good ! Oohh ! I 'm back , and I 'm bad ! Obviously , within certain sensible pre-set parameters ... Attention , attention ! Reported prisoner sighting on C-deck , reported prisoner sighting on C-deck ! Nice one , Holl ... What 's wrong with you ? Well , do you get the impression this is too easy ? Like , everything 's going for us ? Like they almost want us to escape ! Hey , I was just thinking aloud ! No , no ! The Luck virus , it 's helping us . Put your kit on . Here we are ! Remembered the coffee at last . What about the mints ? I 'll go . Would you like to help me , Mister Rimmer .. ? It 's just , I 've got so much coffee , I don 't think I could manage to get any mints until tomorrow ... Well , the psychotropic testing should be well underway by now . Those results sure are going to be interesting . Psychotropic what ? The Lister case is so unusual I decided to invoke my right to use psychotropic evidence . The accused are drugged , wired to a mainframe , then the computer feeds in various hypothetical scenarios and their reactions are laid down on tape . Right now , they believe they 're escaping , but we just want to observe what they do ... So , that means , that if anyone happens to mention any ... special agreements ... that they 've entered into , then - Could you excuse me ? I think I ... left the iron on ... Hi ... What is wrong with me ? I 've got the sexual appetite of a mountain lion , no , worse , a first year nursing student ! It 's just being wanted , it 's such an aphrodisiac . Got to get some control back ! Hi . Never realised you were so damn popular with the ladies ... Maybe you can share your secret sometime ? Yes , sir . Guys , it 's Bob and Max . Go on , shoo , guys , shoo , go on ! We 're trying to escape , but you 'll never get past security , so go on ! Go on !
