 What happenned to everyone ? It 's like they 're all frozen on the spot . Hey , hey , this 'll drive them crazy ! We 've found this machine that can digitise Time , and we can release jets of it It seems to have restored your hair to a previous Time period to the rest of you . Fix him with the Time wand ! Watch this ! And this is Pete . The excitement of bein ' free ' as killed ' im ! I can 't guarantee anything , sir , but I think the Time Wand could bring him back to life ; make him young and strong again . Watch : Where the hell did Barney 's ugly brother come from ? From Pete , sir . Birds are descended from dinosaurs ; from the Theropod family . I inadvertently reversed evolution several million years ! Is that you , Pete ? Birdman ! What now , sir ? Follow the Rimmer-shaped blur ! Hey ! Hey ! Pete , eat me ! Here ! Bob ! Bob , catch ! Bob ! Bob ! Come on Kryten , hurry up ! Leg it mode , sir ! We 've lost the time wand . How the hell 're we going to get rid of that thing now ? We 're finished ! Stop yelling , man , we 've gotta think our way out of this . We 're finished ! Shut up and get a grip , man ! Kryten ? Er , yes , ma 'am ? How long , in the normal course of things , will it take for Pete to pass the Time Wand out of his system ? Well , strangely enough , ma 'am , I don 't have that information in my database . My programmers , for some insane reason , decided that ' dinosaur bowel movement frequency ' tables wouldn 't be required . Imbeciles ! Why ? What 's your suggestion ? Well , the quicker we get the Time Wand back , the better , right ? Right . Right . So , why don 't we lure Pete into the food bay and get him to eat some roughage ! Get a T-Rex to eat roughage ? Yeah ! All-Bran , prunes , baked beans on toast , that sort of stuff . We 've gotta keep this dinosaur business quiet or we 're dead . Everyone on the ship will have heard him by now . But , sir , the crew are frozen , operating on a different Time stream . Now , if we can recapture the Time Wand and turn Pete back into a sparrow before the freeze expires , no one need be any the wiser . He 's right . I just listened to everthing he said and I still ain 't got a clue what 's happenning . Right over , sir . We don 't want a gap . Right over . Cow vindaloo ? It 's not gonna work . Of course it 's gonna work . T - Rex 's don 't like curry . Look , we 've got nothing to lose . And if the worst comes to the worst , and the dino doesn 't it , I 'll scoff it myself . That door 's not gonna hold out much longer . Don 't put that stuff in , you 're gonna spoil the taste ! Here he comes ! It 's loving it ! Maybe we should have made some poppadums , gone the whole hog ? The whole hog ? Like it wasn 't hard enough getting the whole cow ? I think he wants a lager . It was a hot one , but with it being a dino I thought it could stand it ! The Time freeze on the guards must have ... If only those buttons were more clearly marked ! The rules about dinosaurs aboard JMC mining ships are very clear . No pets . Am I right ? Am I right ! ? Yes , sir . Have you any idea the damage that thing has caused ? Sir , if you could just let us - And do you know what happens when a dinosaur eats cow vindaloo , and then eats two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream , followed by four hundred crates of orange ice-pops , and swills the whole thing down with two thousand gallons of a popular fizzy drink ? Do you know what happens ? It burps ? Oh , it burps . And do you know what happenned to the poor brave men who had the misfortune to get in the way of that burp ? They went ' phwoooarrr ! ' ? It took out the entire platoon , hurling them twenty feet across the cargo bay wall . Do you know what happens when a dinosaur eats cow vindaloo , two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream , followed by four hundred crates of orange ice-pops , and swills it all down with two thousand gallons of a popular fizzy drink , after it 's burped ? It feels sick ? Oh no ! It doesn 't feel sick , Rimmer , it is sick ! Five of our best men nearly drowned ! Two others are in hospital , concussed by pieces of carrot the size of tree trunks . We are really , deeply , deeply , deeply sorry , sir . Do you know what happens when a dinosaur has eaten cow vindaloo , then eats two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream , followed by - Oh god , it didn 't ? It didn 't what , Lister ? It didn 't get a diarrhea attack , did it ? One hundred percent correct ! And , do you know what happenned to the battalion that was sneaking up on the beast , from behind , of which I was a proud member ? Do ya know ? Do ya know what happenned ? Yes , sir . A fair idea , sir . A tidal wave . Fifteen feet high . I will be in therapy for the rest of my life . I 've had twelve baths , and three showers . Now , do you have anything to say ? Yes , sir , I think you missed a bit up your left nostril , sir . No one knows how to work this thing . It is sedated in the cargo bay , turn it back into a sparrow ! Sir , erm , what about Bob ? Did he show up ? Who the hell do you think landed on my head ? He is in repairs , being oiled . Bring back the sparrow , and , if you try anything smart , you 're dead . Yes , sir . And , if I ever , ever , ever , see you in this office again , you are finished . See ya in ten minutes ? See ya in ten minutes ? See ya in ten minutes ? See ya in ten minutes ? See ya in ten minutes ? See ya in ten minutes ? Did you get punishment duty too ? I 've got to iron eight-hundred prison smocks . I don 't understand ... Why do you get punishment duty and I get a reward ? Eight-hundred ! Bliss ! Did you see the Captain 's report ? The one lying open on his desk ? See what it said about you ? He used the word ' imbecile' four times in one sentence . Oh yeah ? What were the other words in the sentence ? Just your name , and a dash . I don 't know , you make a couple of tiny mistakes , you give the Captain a virus that eats all his hair off , then you accidentally turn a sparrow into a dinosaur and you never hear the last of it ! Pssshhhhh . He really thinks I 'm an imbecile ? I 'm finished , I 'm never going to make it into High Command now . It 's just the people who know you who think you 're an imbecile . Everyone else thinks you 're a moron . He is a good Captain , though , Captain Hollister , isn 't he , eh ? On the ball . Quick . Quick ? The only time he 's quick is when he 's passing a salad bar . You do admire him though , don 't you ? Admire him ? A man who has his own cinema pick-and-mix factory in his quarters ? A man who has a walk-in fridge ? Who lists as his hobbies ' chewing ' and ' swallowing ' ? You did tell me once before , though , you do respect him , don 't ya ? Respect him ? A man who 's family crest is made up of two cream buns and a profitarole ? A man who 's idea of a light snack - - He 's standing behind me , isn 't he ? - Yes , he is . I was just talking about you , sir . I was saying what a big fat lump of blubber I think you are , and how that potato virus I contracted yesterday doesn 't appear to have had any strange side-effects whatsoever - You forgot this . You left it in my office . D 'you have any idea the damage that this could cause if it got into the wrong hands ? LOOK AFTER IT ! You 're there , I know you 're there , you little sod ! Come on , out ! Out ! There 's a mouse under here , its been scuttling around for about ten minutes . It 's not a mouse , ma 'am , it 's Archie . Archie ? My penis . It must have escaped . You know , I 'm really going to have to get my ears syringed ; do you know what that sounded like to me ? I made one . Forget my ears , maybe my whole brain needs syringing ... You made one ? Mmm . Out of an old electron board , a loo roll , some sticky-backed plastic and an Action Man 's polo-neck jumper . Kryten , why do you want one ? It 's so humiliating , being posted to the Women 's Wing just because I 'm genitally challenged ! So I decided to make one like Mister Lister 's . Little rascal must have got bored jumping in and out of his hoop and made a break for it during the night . No wonder I couldn 't lure him out with a bit of cheese . This whole thing 's making sense now . Just leave this to me , ma 'am . Here , Archie ! Here , boy ! There he is ! Kryten , do you realise what this means ? No , ma 'am . It means you 're a real man . It does ? Why ? Because now , like all men , you have absolutely no control over your penis . I 'm so proud ! Archie , come back ! All right , girls ? New Canary mission . What ? Un-tamed dino on the loose ! We 're not going in ' till we know what we 're doing . That could take years ... You ... point that thing at yourself and you could end up as a - a - sperm ! Is that what you want ? Hell no ! None of my suits will fit ! Well , if that gizmo thing don 't work , Captain says we gotta go in and ' ave that thing . And we ain 't using ' no guns . Yeah , huns are for wusses . It 's gonna be hand-to-hand combat . A fistfight with T-Rex .. ? Yeah , but them T-Rexes , mate ... only got little arms , in 't they ... ain 't got no reach ... Yeah , I 'll just pick it off ... Bosh ! Oh my god .. ! What ! Something 's wrong ! What d 'you mean , man ? Something 's inside me and it wants to get out ! Oh my god ! Aaaarrggg ! Help ! What is it ? I think it 's Archie , sir . It 's who ? He escaped earlier , probably followed us . Must have dozed off in the Cat 's pocket and just woken up . Who the smeg is Archie ? Oh , don 't be alarmed , sir . It 's just my penis is on the loose . Yaaarrrggg ! We , want a barny with Barney , don 't want any sane people spoiling ' it ... Death ... or glory ... yee-harr ! Hang on guys , come on , wait a minute ... This thing 's useless ! Say goodbye to your teeth ... Something 's not right ... we 're gettin our butts kicked and it doesn 't hurt .. ? See , look , I 'm not even bleeding . You 're right ... According to this , sirs , they 've put your bodies on a different Time stream to the rest of you . Let 's go ! You lost the Time Wand ? We were ambushed , sir . By whom ? Well , first of all by Kryten 's - Harummph ! and then we were jumped by - Harummph ! sir . That 's it ? Okay . No more ' Mister Nice Guy ' , no more second chances . You get that Time Wand back , you get that sparrow back , and if you step out of line one more time , one more time , you 're dead ! Do you understand ? What was that ? I th - What the hell is going on ? The effects of the fight , they 've caught up with us ! Get out of here , both of you ! Out ! Gettin ' that Time Wand back could take forever , and they could zap us with it , and turn us into anything ! I don 't think getting it back is gonna be much of a problem ... It 's gonna go wrong , isn 't it . Look , all I 've gotta do is press ' undo ' , and the Time Wand will retrace its steps , and undo everything its done so far . This way we 'll even get Birdman back . Something 's gonna go wrong , it always does for us . Will you relax ? Birdman 's boots . Now to get the rest of him back . Pete ate me . He ate me . He must be really out of sorts , he 's never eaten me before ; never . Pete ! You want some seed ? Now , destroy the Time Wand . This machine 's priceless ! Destroy it ! What are we gonna do now ? Now ... rebuild ... the Time Wand , it 's absolutely priceless ! Stop that dinosaur ! It 's gone in the lift , its gone in the lift ! Get it back , get it back ! Get it back ... Ooh , that coconut milk felt great ... Oh , I 'm such a wreck ... Mmmm ... ooohhhh ... aahhh , oh , that 's great . Ohh , there 's a certain roughness about your touch that really hits the spot ! The Hole , sir ...
