 92 degrees ... God ! I want a drink but I can 't be bothered to get up ... I wanna go to the loo but I can 't be bothered to go down the corridor ... This is one of the universal dilemmas , something which has confronted all men since the beginning of time ... to pee or not to pee ... that is the question . No , I 'll just lie here , really thirsty , with a full bladder , and try and get to sleep . Smeggin ' ell ! One more time , and you get this . D 'you hear ? Don 't think I don 't mean it ! One more time , just one more . What did I tell you ? I told you ! Didn 't I tell you ? How many times have I told you ? Right , what was the last one ? 'Nureek ' . So the next one will be a ' retut ' , and the one after that will be a ' hanunga ' . Four seconds ; three seconds ; two seconds ... Now ' hanunga ' ... No , that 's wrong ! You 've gone out of sequence ! ' Nureek ' , ' retut ' , ' hanunga' What 's wrong with you ? If you 're gonna keep me up all night just do it right , okay ? ! ? 'Squrlookal ' ? Where does 'squrlookal ' come from ? It 's new ! Phew , that 's better . Kill two birds with one shower . Okay ... right , right . I can 't hear you . You can do whatever you like , I can 't hear a damn thing . Oh my goodness . It 's Princess Leia . Luke Skywalker went that way , ma 'am . What ? It 's nearly 9am , ma 'am , what are you doing up ? Looking for someone to kill , care to volunteer ? Oh , can 't sleep ? Have you ever listened to those clapped-out old pipes ? 'Nureek 'ing and ' retut 'ing , and just when you expect them to 'nureek ' again , they ' squrlookal ' ! It 's enough to make a perfectly sane person crazy ! It 's quite amazing , the number of people those pipes have driven to the very brink of psychosis . Mr Lister spent the night in there once , and he ended up trying to suffocate himself to death with an onion sandwich . Look at this . This is a boys fridge . Women would never have fridges like this . Chilled trainers ? It just wouldn 't happen ! What would you say to a glass of drinking chocolate ? I 'd say : " Glass of drinking chocolate , get me out of here ! " I can 't live like this , I need a bath . I hate showers , I 've always hated showers . Ask anyone who knows me what I hate , and do you know what they 'll say ? Where did it all go wrong ? My life started off so promisingly . Rich parents ; good school ; pony named Trumper . How did I end up like this ? On a ship where the fourth most popular pastime is going down to the laundry room and watching my knickers spin dry ... Ma 'am ! That is not true ! No one has ever done that ! That 's only because they don 't know when you wash them ! Couple of posters and a trailer before 'The World 's Stupidest Stuntmen ' video and , take it from me , that laundry room will be packed ! I think you 're doing Mr Lister and the Cat a great disservice , ma 'am . A great , great disservice ! Wow - this is the best load yet ! Just for the record I 'd like to repeat that I 'm only here because I can 't sleep . So I decided to do some of my laundry and help out Kryten . Yeah , yeah , yeah ... I 'm not here because I 'm a sad and lonely person who 's entertained by women 's underwear spin drying . My god , a g-string ! Where ? You missed it ... I swear ! It was black and really , really small . I 'm too mature for this . I 'm just gonna sit here and read my comic . Oh buddy , this is a great show tonight . I may even write a fan letter to the washing machine company . Sometimes I 'm really ashamed to be with you . You 're completely out of order , do you know that ? Since when did you get so mature ? Mature ? I 've been mature for ages , me . - Oh yeah ? - Yeah . You 're just pretending to be mature , because that 's your plan to get officer Bud-Babe to fall for you ! Everybody knows that ! Go and stick an egg up your nose . - It 's true . - Isn 't true . - It is ! - Isn 't ! Sirs , sirs , sirs ! What are you arguing about ? About me being really mature . What 's come over you , sir , why aren 't you in bed ? The heating system 's gone bonkers . Why , what 's up ? Oh , it appears life on board ship is getting Miss Kochanski down , sir . What 's the problem ? It 's not helped by the fact that her sleeping quarters are next to the sewage processor . You know how noisy those pipes are , sir . We 'll re-lag them first thing in the mornin ' . Oh it 's not just she can 't sleep , sir , it 's everything . Not being able to have a bath , no cottage cheese , no ... The thermostat ! I swear I set the correct programme ! Oh ! Who on earth is going to tell her ! ? I mean , who - Hi . How 're you settling in ? Great . Having a ball . We 'll fix those pipes ... If you could just make them go ' nureek' every time without any ' squirlookals ' , I 'd be so grateful . We 'll stop them completely . I know I 've been spoilt ! Brought up in the trendiest part of Glasgow - Yeah , the Gorbals , you said . Now I can 't even have a bath ... Come on . Come with me . I 've got something to show you . You take my quarters tonight , and I 'll have yours . I 've cleaned out an old retro housing and filled it with water . I don 't know what to say ... And I , erm ... found this on that derelict ... I was savin ' it for your birthday . There 's some make-up in there , too . I can 't find her anywhere , sir , I 've been searching high and low ! Oh ! Ma 'am . Didn 't spot you , there . Krissie 's sleeping in my quarters tonight , Kryten . In , your quarters , sir ? Yeah , she 's gonna have a nice , hot bath . In here ? Without clothes on ? Well , all convention dictates probably , yeah . Kryten , me and Kris have been having a talk , and we think it 'd be better all ' round if you leave . Er , sir ? As you probably know , we 're planning on settling down together , it started that night she had a bath in my quarters , you remember ? We got you this leaving present ... A key-ring - With a ' C ' on it . For ' Kryten ' ! But , you spell ' Kryten ' with a ' K ' ... Ohh , don 't make a fuss . Now , I 've packed all your heads ; they 're in the bag . You know what it 's like , man , it 's the fourth Law of the universe : you settle down with a woman , and the first thing they do is systematically set about getting rid of all your mates . The Cat 's next . I 've been packing his bag for over three weeks ! See , we wanna be a proper couple , have lots of dinner parties , and I think I 've reached the age now where I really should be wearing clogs . And you see we 're all a bit embarrassed of you because you 've got a funny shaped head . You 're not human , are you , you 're a robot . - Yeah ! - Eeeugh ! Oh hi ! You 're early , come in ! Good to see you ! I 've just seen the future ! I 'm afraid Mr Lister shrunk your uniform , ma 'am . You only have one left , now . Did he ? Never mind . Aren 't you mad ? I 'm too tired to be mad ... I just want to have my bath , and get some sleep . Right . I 'll be going then . Going . After all these years , I 'll be going . Are you all right , Kryts ? Never been better , thank you , sir . A key-ring with a ' C ' on it ! Unbelievable ! Thank you with a capital ' R ' ! What 's eating him ? I dunno - I 'll find out later . Thanks for this , I really appreciate it . - Hey , no bother . - See you in the morning . That 's right . Well , I 'll be going then ? Yeah . ' Night . - Right , I 'll ... I 'll go ... - Yeah . See you tomorrow . Tomorrow ! Right . If you need anyone to , um , scrub your back or anything , don 't hesitate to call , I can be here in twenty seconds . - I won 't . - Right then . 'Night . Goodnight . What was that ? Hang on a minute , I 've got a torch somewhere ... What the hell 's happenin ' ? The generator 's down , sir . I was just adjusting the thermo-settings and it overloaded . Give it a few seconds and the emergency backup will kick in . Ah , thank goodness . I 'll look into it immediately , sir ! There goes the backup ! Now everything 's dead . How come the doors closed ? When the backup goes down the doors always lock ; prevent fire , re-inforce hull integrity . So what 's steering this crate ? Is autopilot down too ? Everything 's down . Oh , I wish I 'd been more careful ! You mean this ship 's careening out of control through space with absolutely zero expertise at the helm ? No change there , then . We 've got to re-fire the backup generator . The only way to get to the backup is through the service ducts . Two miles of ventways that wind their way through the ship like intestines . There should be a hatchway in your shower , sir . How long 's that gonna take ? Oh , six hours , maybe more ? Six hours ? Are you okay , sir ? Fine , yeah . Yep , yep . The reading said last night that there was gonna be a meteor storm coming in directly ahead , but it won 't hit us for at least twelve hours . We should gather up some supplies . A little food , as much water as we can carry , and maybe even that magnetic fishing game . Okay , let 's go . It 's so damn hot I can barely breathe ! It 's like being stuck in a sauna with a fat man on your face ! I don 't feel so good ... the walls are closing in ! Are you okay , sir ? I need to take a break - I need air ! He 's claustrophobic , didn 't you guys know ? I 'm all right when I know I can get out , but now we 're out in the middle somewhere ... Can 't breathe ... Have a drink , sir . Okay , take a look around , see if we can unscrew one of the ceiling hatches ; drop back down into the ship somewhere . Let 's go . M ' throat 's closin ' ... chokin ' ... Here , drink some of this . You just need something to take your mind off it . I wonder why Dave , my Dave , wasn 't claustrophobic ? Oh thanks , Kris , that 's really helping ' . Now is not a great time to tell me how great your boyfriend is , okay ? He wasn 't my boyfriend . Not really . What ? No , we were just good friends . No , but you said - I just didn 't want to look like some sad loser when we first met , so I asked him to play along . You weren 't going out with him ? He wasn 't my type . But , he was well-dressed , neat , sophisticated , sensitive ; you 're so damn picky ! Why wasn 't he your type ? He was gay . You see ? Picky . Everythin 's got to be absolutely perfect before you 're ... What did you say ? - He was gay . - Gay ? Yes . Are you sayin ' I 'm ... I 'm gay in an alternative dimension ? - Yes . - Me ? That 's why we only dated for a couple of weeks ; it was sort of his final attempt at trying to work things out . Wait a minute ... you don 't think ... now hang on , I 'm completely straight , okay ? I couldn 't possibly be gay . I can 't grow a big moustache for starters , it just grows in little clumps ... Here , have another drink - heteroboy . We 've found a grill about twenty meters down on the right , which drops down into a supply room . We can 't get through to unscrew the fastening bolts but , ma 'am , with smaller hands you might enjoy better luck . - Will you be okay ? - Leave him to me . I 'll be okay . Boy , is it cramped ! Whew-ew ! I tell you , if I was dead you most certainly could not swing me around in here ! - Cat ... - Talk about cooped up ! Cat ! Oh , sorry ... not supposed to talk about that , right ? Right . So how do you get to be claustrophobic ? I was seventeen , working in the megamart , part time , as a trolley-parker . After a couple of months I fell in love with cashier number four ... She was 22 , come-to-behind-the-bacon-counter eyes ... And there was just something about the way she held her pricing gun that made me crash m ' trolleys . We started seeing each other , in the stock room , at break time ... She gave you claustrophobia ? I didn 't think you could get it like that ... One evening , we were both on the late shift ; we snuck into the stock room ; started makin ' love on a box of tinned asparagus . After a couple of minutes , about half way through , I was seventeen , she leapt up and said : " There 's someone at the door ! " , so I jumped into this wooden packing crate ; it was ' im ! He asked what the hell she was doing lying on a box of reduced , tinned , dented veg with no kit on . She said she was trying to get an all-over tan from the lightbulb . He was havin ' none of that . He sealed me up in the box and said he was gonna drop me in the canal , he drove me out there ! I was screamin ' at him , pleading ' : " let me out ! " ; promised him anything , said I 'd never see her again , just let me out ! In the end , he relented , and I heard the box being opened . I stepped out , bollock naked , right in the middle of the Bootle-players ' amateur production of " The Importance Of Being Earnest " ... Boy , that 's enough to freak anyone out ! I had no idea Mr Lister was claustrophobic ; why did he never mention it ? Well , it 's probably not something he feels comfortable talking about . He 's told me about everything else about his life ... Not everything , Kryten . Absolutely , ma 'am ! Everything ? Mmm . Before you arrived , nights were long and dull . 'Cheese slice snap ' can only entertain for so long . So ... what did he tell you about me ? Oh , absolutely everything , ma 'am . I don 't think he missed a single detail . What way ? I 've seen the way ! What way ? Like he 's a pot of cottage cheese with pineapple chunks in ! How could you say that ? Maybe , once or twice , plain cottage cheese . Never . Never ! Have I ? What 's that ? What 's what ? Can 't you hear it yet ? Like a ... roaring noise ... A roaring noise ? Like a ... watery kind of roaring noise ... I can 't hear a thing . It 's like water roaring down , say , a passageway . In a kind of roaring , watery kind of way . I wonder what the hell it is ! Hey , where 're you goin ' ? Kris ! Kryten ! Re-cyc water ! Every four hours the ductways get backwashed ! You know what ? I think I just solved the watery roaring noise problem . - Come on ! - I ain 't goin ' wit ' you ! Why not ? That 's where the water 's coming from . You can be really dumb sometimes , you know that ? I hate this , I really hate this ! What 's that ? - What 's what ? - That noise ... Oh , not again ! What noise ? Is it a roaring , watery kind of noise ? No , not that noise . This is a different kind of noise . Is it a kind of ' Cat being smacked on the head by a smegged-off Lister 's fist ' kind of noise .. ? It 's a sort of ... swirly ... windy ... ah ... water-drying , hurricaney kind of noise ! A swirly , windy , water-drying , hurricaney kind of noise ? The dryer ! The vents get dried after a backwash ! Here it comes ... I am not having a good day ! This should help , sir ; take away the rising panic . What is it ? There was a first aid box in the supply store . Lemo-plathenamine-cathorolite . Well done , ma 'am . According to my reckoning we should be halfway across B-deck by now . Boy , is this place hot ! Satan could come here on his winter break ! Hang on , how come it 's getting hotter when the generators have packed in ? It should be gettin colder , shouldn 't it ? Ma 'am , that meteor storm you said we were heading towards , which direction was it in ? - Dead ahead . - Oh ! Anything else in the vacinity ? To the west there is a sun , but that 's about it . I think we 've been knocked off course ! Probably due to the initial impact of the generators going down . I think we 're heading straight into that sun ! And it 's all my fault ! Kryten , man , it 's not your fault ... It is ! It isn 't ! You were just adjusting the thermosettings and it overloaded . I did it on purpose ... I typed in the override code , on the access panel in the corridor . What ? I don 't know what to say , I didn 't realise it would be so dangerous ! Kryten , man , what made you do it ? I really can 't remember ... What do you mean , ' you can 't remember ' ? I 'd really , rather not say it out loud ... might sound a bit silly ... Say it ... I didn 't want you to have a bath , ma 'am . Well , I knew it would be one of those ' no clothes ' baths , and Mr Lister would scrub your back , and before we know what 's going on , he 's wearing clogs and you 're having GELFs around to dinner . And what would happen to me ? I 'd have been on my own again ! Oh , Kryten .. ! I - was - just - so - scared ! Come on , we 've got no time to waste , let 's get the hell out of here ! But we 're not going to make it , sir ! Yes we are ! How ? Catch some surf ! Okay , here it comes ... Tell me again , how do you ' hang ten ' ? Just get into position ! Here it - AAAARRRRGGHH ! Oh ! Thank god we made it ! Oh God ! How ? How ? I - er - I - ah - er ... Oh . Well , that 's it . We 're fried . Unless someone 's got some really terrific sunblock cream . Not necessarily , ma 'am . I excluded the doors from the shutdown override . In case ... anything happened ... You mean we spent the night crawling through one end of this ship to God knows where and back for absolutely no reason ? It was all pointless ? You put me through that nightmare when we could just walk out that door at any moment ? Mm . Well , if you 'll excuse us , we 've got some serious reversing to do , but we 'll talk about this , over a cup of coffee , and a hot branding iron ... Well , ' night . Aren 't you mad too , ma 'am ? You 're not , are you . I think I understand : For you , the trip through the ducts was far from pointless . It was an emotional journey where you gleaned invaluable insights into your crewmates . This was your ' rites of passage ' , you feel enriched , wiser , and somehow bonded by this in a way that ... you never thought possible . Am I right ? - Say ' nureek ' . - ' Nureek ' . - Say ' retut ' . - ' Retut ' . - Say ' hanunga ' . - Er , ' hanunga ' . - ' Nureek ' . - ' Nureek ' . - ' Retut ' . - ' Retut ' . - ' Hanunga ' . - ' Hanunga ' . - ' Squirlookal' - ' Squirlookal' - ' Retut ' . - Oohh ! ' Retut ' . - ' Nureek ' . - Ooh ! ' Nureek ' . - ' Hanunga ' . - ' Hanunga ' .
