 I understand you played an idiotic prank on a senior and much respected officer yesterday . That is just not true , sir . We played a prank on Mister Ackerman , sir - Oh , I see ... What happenned ? We inserted a capsule of the truth serum , sodium pentathol , into his asthma inhaler , sir . Ah , which is why he rushed onto the bridge this morning , apologised for being late , saying he 'd been having ' jiggy-jiggy' with the Science Officer 's wife , and hadn 't allowed enough time to change out of his Batman outfit ... Permission to snigger , sir ? Permission refused . May have to snigger anyway , sir ... Do either of you have anything to say ? About what , sir ? About Mister Ackerman ! About him being late , and wearing a Batman outfit ? Has he considered being Tarzan ? Costume change 'd be much quicker . You two are both serving a two-year sentence in the brig . Do you want to get out ? Ever ? It 's that Mister Ackerman 's so ... horrible , sir . I am not , sir ! I 'm extremely nice ! Lovely , in fact . Warm ; caring , but most of all , nice . Hence my nickname : ' Nicey ' Ackerman . That 's why I entered the service , sir ; so I could share my sunny disposition with inmate scum who didn 't have my start in life . Sir , he 's been horrible since the day we first met him : Today , we have a new intake . To them , I say : obey the rules ; keep out of trouble , and you time here will pass much more pleasantly . Welcome to Floor 13 . Seems like a nice guy ! If you want to speak , ask my permission . I was just saying how nice you seemed ! You spoke again . But I was paying you a compliment , buddy ! I was saying how you seemed to be a fair-minded , okay kind of guy ; not one of these psycho-types you sometimes get running around prisons . You spoke again ! Come on , dude , back me up ! Hang on , wait ! I get it , I should shut up ! If I shut up they 'll stop hitting me . That is definitely the key ! That is totally untrue , sir ! Save it ! Save it , Mister Ackerman . I 've thought long and hard about a suitable punishment , and I 've come up with this : you , and a team of your choice , will play Basketball against a team of guards led by Mister Ackerman - God bless you , sir . where you will be trounced and humiliated in front of the entire inmate population . But sir , if we lose , Baxter and his cronies will beat us to a pulp ! You better win , then ! Okay guys , way to go ! - Where were you ? - Where was I ? You were supposed to be picking up Rice ! I did . We 're meeting up for drinks on Thursday . Not that kind of ' picking up ' , you ninny . Buddies , we 've gotta stop arguing , we can 't lose this ! Got it all taken care of ... As soon as the guards swig their half-time juice ... Yeah , the Skutters managed to smuggles something out of the medi-lab for us , y 'know that stuff that helps impotent guys put the zest back in their love lives ? 'Boing ! ' , the virility enhancement drug ! ? That 's the stuff , and we 've Mickey Finn 'd their drinks . Within seconds , you 're harder than a quadratic equation , and , it doesn 't wear off for seven hours . For seven hours those guys are going to be like catapults ! That 's going to seriously slow them down . You 're not kidding - Try moving fast with a fishing pole in your pants ! Get out there and kill ! They 're lambs to the slaughter ! Go on , go get ' em ! Come on ! Get your hands up ! Get your hands up , don 't let them shoot ! Don 't let them shoot ! Seven hours . Do you know how long that is ? I couldn 't remove my shorts until after midnight ! When I wanted a leak I had to do a handstand on the toilet seat . I stopped the lift doors from closing ; I wasn 't even catching a lift ! Where 'd you get it , the medi-lab ? Yes , sir . How ? If it was one of those damn Skutters I 'm gonna have it crushed . It was , er - It was me , sir . When the doc 's back was turned . I went up to the medi-lab for a sicknote but the doctor thought I was feigning illness . He didn 't accept it was possible to have Athelete 's Hand . First thing tomorrow you 're on spud-duty for two weeks . Now get out of my sight , both of ya 's ... Are we supposed to tip them ? I 'm never sure . I 've seen things more appetising on the floor of elephant houses . Only a total idiot would eat this . They call this meat ? We 're on a punishment menu now . No chips , no ice-cream , just the basics . Because we 're on punishment detail ? Yeah . Kill Crazy reckons they give us the cloning experiments that have gone wrong , with some gravy slopped over to disguise it . You waited until I was swallowing 'til you said that , didn 't you . Ooohhhh , chicken vindaloo ... Nice one , Bob . What about the poppadums , you didn 't forget them , did ya ? Ha haaa ! Poppadums ... Here 's a little something for you ... Same time tomorrow ! Cheers . Is that the Skutter who got you the stiffening solution for the basketball game ? Yeah , he can get anything , can Bob . ' A claw in every pie ' . Tomorrow we 're on spud-duty , and those knives are supposed to be as sharp as a Chemistry teacher 's cardigan . Do you reckon he can get us a couple of good potato peelers ? Hang on , I 'm on to something here ... Forget the potato peelers , what we want is one of those programmable viruses from the science block ... Programmable what ? Yeah , they used to be on ... Z-deck ... I wonder if the nano 's have reconstructed them ? You can program them to do whatever you want : eat potato skins , you name it . So we could program them to eat the skins off the potatos , and leave the rest intact ? We wouldn 't have to lift a finger ! Two weeks of hell would become ' potato paradise ' ! Now remember , two entire battalions went missing from this ship . Vanished without trace . We must stick together - and remain constantly vigilant . One minute , everything 's fine , then you lose concentration for a split second , and you 're all alone and easy pickings for some hostile lifeform . Oh , I know you think I 'm a bit of a fusspot when it comes to safety procedures , but it 's staying alert that has kept us all - kept us - Hello ? Oh Creator , I 'm on my own ... Hey , buddy ! We 're in here ! What is the point of me giving my ' stay alert , everyone ' pep-talk if no one is listening ? What ? Look at this . What are they , Holl ? They look uncannily like something you should be very , very afraid of . - What ? - Mime artists . The ones you get in those trendy town centres , that chase you down the street , and then freeze when you look at them , and everyone laughs at you . I 've never seen anything like this before . A group of men who display all the normal lifesigns , but seem totally incapable of movement . Never seen QPR play away , then ? 'Tempus ' ; that 's Latin for ' time ' . Latin ? I didn 't even know the Romans built spaceships . Somehow this device appears to have caused Time to freeze . Obviously , they used it erroneously . Where did - you come from ? And how did - you get hold of that ? It 's some kind of tem - poral stor - age unit - Extraordinary ! Hey , this could be a great device for settling arguments ! Don 't mess - with that thing , it can re - lly screw - ew-ew-ew - you up ! It appears to be able to digitise Time , and then download it and store it on a hard drive . This ' purer ' Time can then be uploaded into objects , or places . To freeze people ? Er , technically they 're not frozen , ma 'am , merely operating in a different ' Time stream ' . So you mean they 're moving , just incredibly slowly ? About the same speed as the average Little Chef waitress . That 's why they don 't appear to be actually doing anything . So , this device has the ability to make Time come to a complete stop ? What else can it do ? What 's happenned ! ? Kryten , why are you so big , and why do I suddenly feel like a Vimto ? Waahhhh ! You gotta get me back to normal ! Do something ! I can 't go back like this ! Why not ? You may only be three feet tall but you 're both as cute as buttons ! Eeuuur ! What 's happenned to my hair ! ? And what 's happenned to mine ! You look like the Turkish entry in the Eurovision song contest . It seems to have restored your hair to a previous Time period to the rest of you . Compensating : Now its regressed your outfits to a previous time in your lives ! And you still look like the Turkish entry in the Eurovision song contest . So , here 's the question : can you unfreeze these guys but take them back in Time so they have no memory of finding this ? I think so , ma 'am . Why ? If we can smuggle this back on Red Dwarf , it can make our prison terms pass in seconds ! Leave this to me . I have an excellent place to conceal it . Nice - one - Bob ... It 's not working , is it ? Give it a bit of time to get going . Look ... look ! It 's working on this one ... Yess ! And here 's another ! Yess ! And another ! Yesss ! And another ! Fan-smegging-tastic ! Listy , we 're on our way ! They 're gonna do the whole damn room in minutes ! Hey , what 's happenned to your sleeve , man ? What ? Your sleeve ; I didn 't notice that before .. ? My God , they 're eating my clothes ! Well ? It wasn 't me , sir , it was him . He made me do it . You Judas ! I thought we 'd agreed to refuse to talk ? Just let me blame you first , then I 'll refuse to talk . If I ever , ever , see you in this office again , then you 're in the Hole , is that what you want ? No , sir . Well then , get out . Thank you , sir . Thank you . You haven 't been down to the medi-bay to get this virus off , have you ... I probably shouldn 't have shaken your hand , sir . - That was probably a mistake . - Big mistake , sir . I , um - we 'll ... We 'll be going , sir . Right now . That 's it ! Two months ! In the Hole ! Sir ? What about my Athelete 's Hand ? Now ! Straight after lunch , we zap the ship with a two year download of Time , and the records will show that we 've served our sentences , and are free to be released ! This machine 's amazing ! D 'you think it can do boob jobs , too ? Obviously , I 'm just thinking about the future ... You spilled my soup ! Sorry , Baxter ! Non-bud ! It was an accident ! Hot Bovril ! Aaaagghhh ! Look at him ... the big lug . I 'd hate to clean the bath out after him . He 'd need a sander to get rid of the tidemark , and a leaf-vac to hoover the hair ! Fix him ! Fix him with the Time wand ! Watch this ! 'Ello ! Ehh ? There 's someone in here with us ! Yeah , it 's that bloke sitting ' next to you . Who are you ? What 's your name ? They call me ' Birdman ' . Oh aye ? Why 's that ? Because he really likes instant custard ; why do you think ? This is Pete ; ' E 's nine years old ... which , in sparrow years , is , er ... nine years old . So that makes him , er ... Nine .. ? Nine , that 's right ! You met him before , ' ave you ? Two months of this , God ! What 's this ? What happenned to everyone ? It 's like they 're all frozen on the spot . Yvonne McGruder went like this when I tried to kiss her . Hey , hey , this 'll drive them crazy ! - Hey ! - Guys ! - Heyy . - Oh , sirs ! Buddies ! This , is ' Birdman ' . And this is Pete . We 've found this machine that can digitise Time , and we can release jets of it , and we reckon it can make our sentence pass in a nanosecond ! Hats off , sirs ... There 's somethin ' wrong with Pete ... What ? 'E 's gone all stiff ! He must have drunk the guards ' half-time juice . Not that kind of stiff ; he 's dead ! The excitement of bein ' free ' as killed ' im ! He really loved that bird , it was only thing that kept him going . I can 't guarantee anything , sir , but I think the Time Wand could bring him back to life ; make him young and strong again . Watch : Holy ... Smeg ! Where the hell did Barney 's ugly brother come from ? From Pete , sir . Birds are descended from dinosaurs ; from the Theropod family . I inadvertently reversed evolution several million years ! There 's an old Cat saying , which has particular relevance here ; it goes something like this : " we are all gonna die ! " Pete ? Is that you , Pete ? Birdman ! Gezundtheit ! You want some seed .. ? That 's a ' no ' then , is it ? What now , sir ? Follow the Rimmer-shaped blur !
