 The post 's arrived . Brilliant ; a bit of excitement at last . Good , eh ? It 's a beaut . One of the structured collepsed on m ' bed . I think it was those beans . Oh , the mail . Haven 't had a chance to look . Anything from my mates ? Something catastophic , hideous . He 's found your guitar in Starbug 's wreckage and he 's sending it here . Brilliant ! Are you okay ? Of course I 'm not okay ! I hate your guitar ! If I wanted to share a cell with an irritating lump of wood I 'd have moved in with an Australian soap star . Hey-hey ! The axe-man is back ! You beaut ! Hang on ! There 's no strings ! They 've confiscated the strings ! I feel like a man who leaps out of a plane with no parachute and lands in the hot-tub at the Playboy mansion . Why would they take my strings .. ? It doesn 't make sense ... Prison regs . You 're not allowed anything you can hang yourself with . I wouldn 't want to hang myself if I had my guitar strings . I think they were thinking of me . Maybe my luck 's changing ... at last , a break . Oh , by the way ; I forgot : for you . " Because of the nature of your crime " , blah - blah - blah - blah - blah , whr - wh - wh - wh - wh , " we are willing to review your case " ! " For this process to be successful you would need a record of good behaviour , and accept the consequence that a successful appeal would mean similar amnesty for prisoner colleagues in your situation . " Yess ! You don 't know what it 's like , being classified as a woman , sir . The humiliation . I know , I know . I mean , why should I , a Series 4000 mechanoid , have to endure the turgid monotony of showering with the girls ? Three times a week ! Tell me that ! It 's not fair , I know ! It 's just that - You shower with the girls ? Oh ! It 's so hideously dull I can 't describe it , as they stand around soaping themselves . Their bodies all wet and foamy . Can you imagine it ? Oh my goodness , we 've been frozen in time again ! Hello ? Extraordinary ! It must be a warp in the time-space continuum ! How curious it isn 't affecting me ... Oi , droid-boy , oi ; next time you 're in the showers , why don 't you ... y 'know ... smuggle in a camera and film ' em , eh ? Yeah , that 'd be brilliant ! Oi , I haven 't seeen a naked woman since ... well , ever . Yeah , I 'd pay you ... wha 'd'ya say ? No , I forbid it ! Yeah , me - What ? It 's voyeuristic , exploitative , and immature . All right , who are you ? And what have you done with our Rimmer ? Gentlemen , allow me to clarify my position . Morally speaking , using a hidden camera in the women 's showers , taking shots of them sudding themselves with mounds of foam , without their permission , morally speaking , I 'm speaking morally here , I 'm all in favour ! However , Listy has been invited to appeal and a scam like this could ruin it . Appeal ? Yeah , I 'm appealing . That 's a minority view . Look , if he 's successful , we can all be successful . We 've just got to be model prisoners . Screw his appeal ! I wanna see skin ! Yeah ! Wha 'd'ya say , bird-tray head ? Are you asking me to betray the people I live with ? To ignore their humanity and reduce them to mindless sex objects , merely there for your moronic titilation ? Yes , please ! If you 'll excuse me , I forgot who I was for a moment . Wait , what you doing ? I 'm a woman , and proud of it . If you 'll excuse me , I 'll with my fellow sisters , doing it for ourselves ! I 'm going to make this quick , and easy . Last night , on D-wing , I was beaten up , and mugged . You have one chance . I 'm going to turn the lights off for precisely ten seconds , during which I want whover took it ... to return my glass eye . Kill the lights . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six - I 'm glad to see good sense prevailed . I have a date with Miss Patricia Carling from Supplies on Saturday night . She thinks my eyes are my best feature . If I go like this , I 'M ONLY HALF LOVELY ! If it 's not returned within thirty seconds ; all Canary priviliges suspended . One month . I know who stole your left peeper , sir . It was him , sir . I saw him playing marbles with it this morning , sir . Thank you , Rimmer . Have you gone mad ? You don 't rat on other inmates , its an unwritten law . Look if it helps the appeal , what else matters ? ' Model prisoners ' ? Would the sky really fall in if people just tidied up a little ? Good evening . Tonight 's scheduled feature has been cancelled , and replaced with a special , live , pay-per-view event brought to you courtesy of " Krytie TV " ! Transmitting live via my optical receptors , we bring you live , and lithe , Womens Shower Night ! Are they really gonna show this ? No way ! This is a joke , right ? This isn 't - Oh , momma ... You know what this means , don 't you ? There is a God ? They got to him , they reprogrammed Kryten . If we get caught watching this your appeal 's dead in the water . Forget the appeal . I already have ! What about Kris ? She 's never gonna believe I wasn 't involved in this ! We 've gotta stop it . You 're right , I want no part of this . - Me neither . - We 've gotta go . Right now . Not a minute to lose . I 'm dust . Me too . After two . One , two , go ! And now , I 'm gonna stare at a cracked floor tile . What 's he doing that for ! ? Remember , Shower Night is a pay-per-view event . Start filling those buckets ! I can 't believe this , he 's running it like a business ! There 's even a bloke over there selling ice-creams . Never mind him . Now . We 've gotta go , right now . I 'm going , I 'm going . But now , lets get up-close and personal with one of the shower-ees , Miss Kristine Kochanski ... Fancy a choc-ice ? Okay ; splendid . Later . Mister Kryten ; visitor , sir . Kryten . Look , I know Kill-Crazy 's reprogrammed you ; turned you into a ruthless entrepreneur , but I think I know how to change you back . Well , keep it to yourself , sir . I 'll make it worth your while ... Can 't you see what it 's done to you ? It 's made me rich , feared and respected . I 'm loving every minute of it ! I 've just bought the rights to the five-a-side soccer tournament today ; tomorrow , I 'm hoping to get the boxing . Ahhhh , Miss Kochanski ! Good to have you back , I have a little gift for you ... Ooh , another one ? Nothing 's too good for you , ma 'am ! You know you were worried about picking up verrucas in the shower room ? Well , I have the perfect solution ; a waterproof pogo stick . This has got to stop . But the pogo stick could put the ratings through the roof , sir ! Think of the money ! Think of the show ! I 'm crazy about her ! I 'm not gonna let you do this . Do what ? How do you think Kryten got all this ? " Shower Night Live " . Oh God , is he paying some of the girls to do this ? Who 's that with the sponge ? That 's me ! It replaced the Wednesday night movie . I saw the whole thing ; all three terrible hours of it . It was awful . Is that the time ? I 've got a merchandising meeting in two minutes . Heh , excuse me ! You are dead , nickel-hydrate breath ! And you ! What have I done ? You were there for three hours of it ! Yeah , but I didn 't enjoy it ! I was outraged . Why do you think I only had one choc-ice ? How could you go along with this ? I 'm only human . You were completely naked , starkers , nude , in the buff , totally kit-less , no clothes on ! You 've seen me with no clothes on when we went out ! Yeah , but , I wanted to see if anything had changed . Why didn 't you just ask , instead of filming me in secret ? Because you 'll have said ' no ' . Not necessarily . If I 'd known it meant that much to you , that you needed to see me naked so badly , I wouldn 't necessarily have said ' no ' . You wouldn 't ? No . Well , we 're friends aren 't we ? It never occured to me that I could just ask . Oh , you 're such a great friend . I love being your friend . Kris .. ? No ! Not now , and now , not ever ! But you just said - We 're not friends any more ... The girls found out about Shower Night . They attacked me , cleaned out my system and kicked me out . I 've been reclassified as a man ... I feel terrible , sir , for endangering your appeal . It 's not your fault , Kryten , they got to you . I presume you 've heard the news about Miss Kochanski . What news ? - You haven 't heard ? - Heard what ? - The news . - What news ? You haven 't heard the news ? Heard what news ? No one 's told you ? Told me what ? About Miss Kochanski ? What about Miss Kochanski ? About Miss Kochanski and her ex-boyfriend , Tim . What about Miss Kochanski and her ex-boyfriend , Tim ? - I can 't believe you don 't know ! - Know what ? No one told you ? Told me what ! ? You mean to say that you 're standing there blissfully unaware of the news about Miss Kochanski and her ex-boyfriend , Tim ? What news about Miss Kochanski and her ex-boyfriend , Tim ! ? - I don 't believe it . - Believe what ! ? Psh , tsk , I 'm so traumatised no one 's had the guts to tell you the horrible , terrible , terrible , appallingly hideous , awful news ! I 'm not sure I can even speak now . Kryten , there 's a two hundred foot drop down there ; now tell me the news . Well , she 's started going out with Tim again . He 's taking her to the Officer 's Club tonight . Her probation permits it , providing she 's back by ten . Ohhh . This is all down to that shower thing , isn 't it ? You know what Tim 's like , sir . Impossibly handsome , oozes charm , a great lover . And you 're just ... you . It 's so unfair ! You must feel awful . Well I do now ! God ! You 're taking this very well , sir . I ... I 'm really impressed . No I 'm not , man , I 'm falling apart . I know that , but I was just trying to cheer you up ! What can I do ? You 've gotta deal with your grief , man . Breakup is very much like a bereavement : its usually followed by a cremation and some sandwiches . Look , they haven 't seen each other for ages ; they 're only going out for a meal . What 's the worst thing that could happen ? It 's a tragedy . What are you so bothered about ? I thought you hated the idea of me and her getting it together ? That was the old me , sir . I 've grown and matured since then . No , the new me wants you to have children so I can iron those itty-bitty little socks ! And you 're not getting any younger , sir , and neither are your sperms . I 'm getting worried about those guys . Any older and they 'll need a Stanner stairlift to get up the fallopian tubes ! So what do you propose ? We nail that horny stag and get you and the divine Miss K together . It 's my way of saying ' sorry ' . But nothing that 's going to endanger the appeal ... First , we sabotage the date . What , ' we ' ? You mean you 're gonna help me ? Step on board the ' love express ' , sir ! Now , we get to his quarters through the air vents ; I 've paid off the guards . Then you make him look like the nerdiest slob in the entire universe : this is what you leave in his quarters - a half-eaten onion sandwich . That 's always a passion-killer . Is it ? I like those . Then there 's this : " Morris Dancer Monthly " . What a total dweebo , nerdmeister he 'll look with those ! They 're mine ! And then there 's these : tragically unfashionable underpants . They 're mine ! And finally : Christian rock music . It that doesn 't scare her off , nothing will . Have you been going through my things ? And not forgetting ... A pair of scissors ? This is the piece de resistence ... " Frank Acissi and the Apostles " - " Hyms in Rock " - Some digestive biscuit ... The love assassin ... What Mister Lister doesn 't know , of course , is he 's been set up by Krytie TV ! Shh ! Here he comes now ! Mister Lister ! Kryten , is that you ? You trashed that room because you believed Miss Kochanski was dating Tim , didn 't you ? What , you mean she isn 't ? Look who 's quarters you really trashed ... You said the girls had restored you back to normal ! Whoops ! You 've been Krytered ! I 've wrecked Ackerman 's quarters ! THE APPEAL ! But the surprises haven 't finished yet , here on Krytie TV , because Mister Ackerman and his red hot date are due back any second . Sir , it 's a race against time ! Start cleaning that room ! Sorry to keep droning on about this , but what about THE APPEAL ! Smeg ! Oh smeg .. ! Thanks for watching , folks ; see you next time ! There he is ! Kryten , come here a minute ... I was just trying to boost the ratings , sir ! Get him , and bring him back to the Tank ! It was nothing personal ! The appeal . Oooohhhhh ... YES ! " Dear Mister Lister , your appeal has been successful " ! " From this day forth all inmates with no record of violence or depression will be allowed ... to have strings on their guitars " ... This appeal was all about guitar strings ? You didn 't think it was about getting out of here , did you ? You mean to say I 've been busting my balls so you can have strings on your lousy , stinking guitar ? You 've been a brick , man . And as a personal ' thank you ' , I thought I 'd write you a song ...
