 Hello ? Testing , 1-2-3 . Hello ? Yeess ! Well , here we go . Ship 's log ... erm ... one . I 've decided to keep a journal of life on board ship , and send it off in a probe . Since turning 28 I feel a new maturity about myself , in fact I can 't even remember the last time I tried to urinate on Rimmer from the top of D-deck . No , wait a minute ... Friday . But apart from that * one lapse * , maturity-wise I 'm practically up there with Abe Lincoln and Moses . Now , just recently we came across a craft , piloted by ourselves from 15 years into the future . We had a bit of an argument , and they attacked us . See attached : Another lock ! Incoming message ... Either you give us access to the data we require , or be prepared to be blasted out of the sky ... Cat ! .Dead ... but there may be a - Kryten ... Kryten ! There may be a * what * ? A way out of this ? Is * that * what you were gonna say ? Speak , Kryten ! How can we change what 's happening ! ? We were no match ; they killed us , and destroyed everything on board ship , including the Time Drive , which meant there was no Time Drive for them to have in the future , to bring back into the past , destroy the future of their past selves in the present . Put simply : by killing us they killed themselves , because once we were dead it was impossible for us to become them in the future , and return in time to kill ourselves in the past , even though it was the present . Oh smeg ! Have you been trying to explain about our future selves * again * , sir ? I just thought I 'd give it one more go - D 'oh ! That 's the third camera this week ! The machines just can 't take it , sir . But I 'm only trying to explain why Starbug 's damaged , despite the timeline being erased ; 'cos this reality 's unstable , and anomalies have merged from both dimensions to cope with the paradox . Oh ! Garbled , confusing , and quite frankly duller than an in-flight magazine produced by ' Air Belgium ' ! Now just state our position and explain we 're down on supplies . All right ! All right ! Wiped out .. ? Kryten , man , they * can 't * be ... I 'm afraid so , sir . The laser cannon breached the main watertank and flooded supply deck B. They didn 't stand a chance . Yeah , but surely ... There was nothing we could do to save them , sir . So , now we 've got no poppadoms at all ? No poppadoms , no curries , all the Indian food supplies have been totaled . I 'll have to survive without them then ... I 'll have salads . Sir ! You 're in shock , you don 't know what you 're saying . After all it 's only curry . 'Only curry ' ? The enormity of it hasn 't sunk in , you must mourn , sir . Don 't you see ? You must mourn . Curries ... Ohhhh sirr , get it out ! Cry like a baby ! What am I gonna do ? Curry night was the one little beacon I had ... made me feel like a normal ordinary guy , not some sad freak stuck in deep space ; no woman , no hope , no curry . Worse still , a choice of only two alcoholic beverages : Cinzano Bianco , or advocat . Its a human tragedy ! You know the news ? All the curry supplies have been destroyed . We heard . As a mark of respect , we thought on Sunday at 12 o 'clock we could have a minute 's flatulence . It 's nothing to you guys , is it ? It 's changing my life ! Sirs , the altercation with our future selves caused dimensional anomalies which have expanded the cargo deck by 212 % ! We should ascertain that the new structure is stable . My heavens - I 'm head head ! Shh ! It 's only temporary . I don 't understand . Look , I want to go back in time on a curry hunt . Kryten said " no way " ; what do * you * say ? I can 't go behind Kryten 's head ; what would he say if he found out ? It 's deceitful , wrong , and dishonest . I 'm in ! Those are emotions I have longed to experience , but first , you 'll have to override my guilt chip and disable my behaviour protocols . Okay , show me how . Press the ' skull release catch behind my right ear . Okay , here we go ... My guilt chip . No behaviour protocols ... just call me " bad ass " ! Healthy ? Who cares ? Pork away ! So , um , Kryten , now that you 've had time to think , what about that curry hunt to the 22nd century ? Ooh , I meant to mention that , yes . I over-reacted yesterday ; on reflection , I think it 'd be quite safe . Safe ? What about causality ? Causality ? Well , okay , you know , one event causes another , okay , but sometimes , you just gotta say : " The laws of time and space ? Who gives a smeg ! " Okay , I think what Kryten 's trying to say is - You 're smoking ! Oh , is my generator overheating again ? A cigarette ! Do you want one ? Of course I don 't want one ! Do you want me to go outside ? I think what Kryten 's trying to say is that it 's okay to go back in time , and order a small lake 's worth of vindaloo to go . Isn 't that right ? You bet your ass ! Okay , so lets navigate those unreality bubbles and do it ! Kryten , can I have a word ... What is * wrong * with you ? You don 't smoke , you never say " bet your ass " , and you never use your groinal attachment to stir anybody 's tea ! I didn 't get any error commands ! Because you 've got no behaviour protocols , you spanner ! Now get a grip or we 'll be rumbled . So uptight ! What is wrong with that demented Tonka toy now ? He 's got a bit of a bio-glitch in his transponder calibrations . It 's only temporary . Heyyy , Mr. Timedrive . Okay Kryten , we want the Taj Mahal Tandoori Restaurant behind the JMC building in London . Back table ; quiet . I 'll need a moment to acquaint myself with the controls - But you 've used it before ? Have I ? Oh , yes , of course I have . Sorry . How stupid of me . Just programming it now , matey boy . Nice landing , Kryten , that was about as smooth as an Egyptian whiskey . Apologies , sir , I 'm , ah , I 'm not sure what I did then . This isn 't right , where are we ? Well , according to the Time Drive , the date is November the 22nd , 1963 , and we 're in the city of Dallas . How come ? Gimme that thing ! I 've always been a bit of a technical whiz when it comes to these kinds of gizmos ... Hmm , Dallas , ' 63 - no doubt about it . Dallas ? Wasn 't that that place where that American king got assassinated ? JFK . No , it was John something , not ' Jeff Kay ' ... J - F - K , not ' Jeff Kay ' , you gimboid ; like the airport . I did a paper on him at school . I wonder why anyone would want to name their kid after an airport ? The airport was named * after * the president . All right ! Where did this gunman dude shoot from anyway ? Well , if my histo-chip serves me correctly , the gunman 's location was in the ' Texas Book Depository ' . It was probably from this very window ! What , do you reckon ? Hey , what 's this ? Hey , there 's something on the end of this , giz a hand ! Pull , everyone , or I 'm in trouble ! Hey , what 's going on down there ? What 're all those people doing gathered around that giant pizza ? That is * not * a giant pizza , sir . It 's 8 foot across , man - don 't you think that 's giant ? What kind of pizza house have you been going to ? ' The FatBastoria ' ? Hey , look at this ! I think we just pulled the gunman out of the window ! FBI ! Drop the gun ! Don 't shoot ! Hands on heads ! You are hereby charged with the murder of Lee Harvey Oswald , who valiantly tried to foil your attempt to assassinate the president . Thanks to Mr. Oswald , the president is alive but wounded . What is that ? Some kind of weapon ? Kick it over here ! Ohhhh ! Nice one , Kryts . Where are we ? It says 1966 , I must have prodded us forward three years . At least it 'll give us time to analyse the original error . Hey , there 's nobody here , the entire city 's deserted ... I don 't understand it , all we did is save Kennedy 's life . Is that bad ? What kind of a dude was he ? He was a fine man . Look ! Can you get anything for us from his scent ? Male . Mid-thirties . It looks like he was trampled to death in some kind of stampede . Just processing . I 'll re-route the results through my chest monitor : President Kennedy was impeached in 1964 for sharing a mistress with Mafia boss , Sam Giancana . It was the biggest scandal in American history , Kennedy was sentenced to three years in an open prison in July , ' 65 . J. Edgar Hoover became president ; he was forced to run by the mob , who had pictures of him at a transvestite orgy . So America had a president controlled by the Mafia ? Soon after the election , the USSR were allowed to install a nuclear base in Cuba in return for Mafia cocaine trafficking between Cuba and the States . With a Soviet nuclear base 30 miles from the US mainland , people fled from all the major cities . So am I right in thinking I could get a major nuclear explosion all over this suit ? Cos I 'm telling you guys , that stuff does * not * dry clean ! Back to Starbug . Starbug isn 't there . It doesn 't exist . What ? How come ? Er , best guess : Kennedy 's impeachment in ' 64 traumatised the American nation , allowing the USSR to win the space race . In this reality , it was probably the Russians who were the first to land on the moon . So we 're marooned . How was I supposed to know that chicken vindaloo was going to cause all this . But you guys said Kennedy was a great pres ! He was ! He was also an inveterate womaniser ; his affairs were legendary . They never came out when he was alive . Every man has his weak spot , his ' Achilles heel ' . Kennedy 's was just , higher up . If I 'd known this was gonna happen , I 'd have had an egg sarnie , and finished the Cinzano . Kryten , what 've I done , man ? Well , you 've brought the 20th century to the very brink of extinction , sir . Gum ? What is wrong with you ? Where is your compassion ? You 've got about as much warmth as a service station chip ! That 's right , you 've no behaviour protocols , have you . Any you thought causality didn 't matter ? Every action we take , has trillions of implications , how come you forgot that ? Well , I didn 't forget , sir , I just didn 't care . I 've got no guilt . Ah . I nicked Kryten 's body . That 's spare head 2 ; I removed his guilt chip . You , have altered the entire course of civilisation from the 20th century onwards , you 've brought the world to the brink of nuclear war , and worst of all - I know , I know ; I still haven 't had a curry . No , worst of all , the Time Drive has frozen . Let me see . Do you think its because the sub-space conduits have locked with the transponder calibrations and caused a major tachyon surge that has overloaded the time matrix ? Ah , no , sir ; I 've just been jabbing it too hard . So what now ? We need to have time to figure out how to unfreeze it . I suggest we , set up camp here for the night and perhaps * Kryten * can go and look for some food ? I 'm on my way , sir ! It 's hopeless , I can 't fix it . We 're trapped ... Chicken 's good . Yeah , really good . That 's not chicken , sir . Oh , what is it ? It 's that man we found . Well , it seemed such a waste to leave him lying there when he 'd barbecue so beautifully . Did I do wrong ? I didn 't get any error commands ... Obviously I thought about it , because without my guilt chip or moral imperatives , I have nothing to guide me . But it seemed to me that if humanoids eat chicken then obviously they 'd eat their own species ; otherwise they 'd just be picking on the chicken . One minute you 're down , the next you 're right back up again . I said I was enjoying that ! I knew it didn 't smell right ! Oh my god ... I 'm a cannibal ! Look ! Right , lets get out of here ! I badly need to floss a piece of roasted dead person out of my teeth ! Where to ? Hawaii . Let 's catch some surf ! No , no , we 've got to go back ; stop ourselves from interfering with the assassination . I don 't care where we go , just as long as it 's before we had dinner ! Decorators . Try up on the sixth floor . Stand back , sir , our original selves are about to beam in . When they realise their mistake they 'll beam out again . I propose * we * go down to the fourth . First shot ! It doesn 't smell right , I think he 's missed ! He 's right , sir . By sending Oswald up to the sixth , we 've made the trajectory of his shot so steep he 's only wounded him . Let 's start again , and bring him back down to the fifth . We can 't use the fifth : our original selves are destined to beam in there as he fires his third shot , and this version of us are now on the fourth . We 've been copied more times than that poster of the tennis girl scratching her butt . If we could arrange , somehow , for a second gunman to fire from just behind that little hill over there covered in lawn ... You mean the , er , the grassy knoll , sir ? That 'd solve it , wouldn 't it ? Shoot the pres ? Who ? You can count me out . And me . Hang on ... maybe , just maybe there 's someone who can get us out of this mess . Where are we going ? Idlewild airport , July , ' 65 ... This is right . He 's being escorted to Hoover open prison in New York . Give me * five minutes * . Don 't be alarmed , sir , but I have a very strange tale to tell . I , ah , have had plenty of time to reflect on my deeds in the Whitehouse . In all important respects I believe I did a good job . It was right to plan a pull out of Vietnam , to fight for civil rights , and , ah , to fight congress , ah , to put a man on the moon . It was , ah , wrong however , to , ah , act like an irresponsible jackass with all those women , and allow my enemies to wreak havoc on our nation . But I can help , man . I mean , Mr. President , man . I mean , sir . How , ah , can you help ? Well , come with us back to Dallas , November 1963 , be a second gunman . The gunman behind the grassy knoll . You mean , assassinate myself ? Yeah ! It 'll drive the conspiracy nuts crazy , but they 'll never figure it out . But I , ah , still have a future here . Jackie left me , but , ah , when I get out I can , ah , still make a contribution to the world . See this airport , Idlewild airport ? In our reality they renamed it ' JFK ' , after you . Where I come from you 're a liberal icon , and that 's the person you should be . If you 're gonna be that person , you 're gonna have to sacrifice your life . And only then will my reputation be restored in history ? Mm . And I can get a smegging ' curry . Ask not what your country can do for you ... ask what you can do for your country . Hey , that 'd make a pretty neat speech , that . It did . Heh heh . I , ah , thank you all for giving me the opportunity to , ah , be reborn . Smeg ! I forgot to ask if there are any curry houses in Dallas !
