 Ah ! Surprised ? What 's wrong ? Can 't figure out why I 'm still not running , huh ? Can 't read my thoughts ? Go ahead . Attack ! Take my ship . Damn ship ! Hold together . Hold . Ah ! Ah ! Wormhole ? Approximately 400 million kilometers from our current position . Take a look at the transkinetic vector . It leads to Sector 001 . It looks like a wormhole , but we 're detecting massive bioplasmic activity . That suggests a life-form . Neutrino flux ? Erratic . A direct route to Earth 's doorstep out of the blue . What 's wrong with this picture ? We should launch a probe . Go to Yellow Alert . Prepare a class-5 probe . Let 's see what 's really out there . Daily Log , Seven of Nine . While we failed to locate a new source of deuterium , our mission had educational value for at least one member of the crew . If you go looking for deuterium tomorrow , can I come ? Well , that 's up to the Captain . It 's likely you 'll be replaced by a more experienced officer . But this is my first away mission and I didn 't get to do anything . I disagree . You familiarized yourself with this vessel . Well , can 't we make first contact with somebody or get in a space battle ? Yeah ... can 't we ? Another time , perhaps . Hey , Naomi , you want to take the helm ? Can I ? Ensign . She 'll be familiarizing herself with the vessel . Here . Okay . First , bring us up to one-quarter impulse . Hit this control , then that one . One-quarter impulse , aye . Now , you think you can chart a course back to Voyager ? . Yes , sir . They 're in a hurry . Crewmen Boylen and White- - frequently late for their duty shifts . Ah . Speaking of late , I 'll make a deal with you . I 'll explain to Sam why her daughter 's two hours late for bedtime if you start on the survey report . Acceptable . Have fun . You 're back . I was beginning to worry . The survey took longer than expected . Lucky our deuterium shortage is no longer an issue . A wormhole . The wormhole . It leads all the way back to Earth . The odds of finding such a phenomenon are infinitesimal . Never bet against the house . What are you doing ? Looking for anomalous readings . You will find none . He 's right- - no subspatial contortions , no temporal variance . The probe we sent in has already picked up faint signals from the other side . B 'Elanna 's still downloading them , but she 's pretty sure they 're from Starfleet . This wormhole is only 300 million kilometers away . Long-range scans should 've detected it days ago . Perhaps it was an oversight on your part . If it 'll make you feel better , run a diagnostic . In the meantime , let 's maintain course . Come in . I 've completed my diagnostic . Sensors are operating at peak efficiency . Then there 's nothing to worry about . On the contrary . The wormhole 's neutrino levels are extremely erratic . I thought so , too ... until I received this . It turns out those faint signals we detected were communiqués from Starfleet . They assure me the neutrino flux is nothing to worry about . Starfleet may be in error . We should run further scans . No time . The wormhole might destabilize . The Doctor often instructs me " to look before I leap . " It is an antiquated adage , but I believe it is relevant . I have another one for you- - " He who hesitates is lost . " Captain ... I think we 're avoiding the real issue here , Seven . You 're still feeling uncomfortable about returning to the Alpha Quadrant . It 's nothing to be ashamed of . Trust me . You 're going to thrive on Earth just as you 've thrived on Voyager . Yes ? Letter number two . I 'm getting jealous . Mark . Apparently his engagement was broken off . What about you ? Any news ? A full pardon and reinstatement to Starfleet . I 've even been offered a professorship in anthropology at the Academy . Oh , Chakotay , congratulations , but it 's not fair . Don 't worry . It 's only part-time . How am I expected to run a ship without you ? You 'll do fine . Computer , access all log entries recorded by Captain Janeway on stardate 52542 . Access to those files is restricted . Access granted . Play first log entry . Captain 's Log , Stardate 52542.3 . Long-range sensors have identified a wormhole leading to the Alpha Quadrant . Unfortunately , secondary scans have revealed that it 's some kind of elaborate deception . The question is : Who 's attempting to deceive us and why ? Play next log entry . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We 've begun to receive faint telemetry from our probe . I don 't want to get the crew 's hopes up , but B 'Elanna thinks it may be a message from Starfleet . I 'm beginning to wonder if my earlier skepticism was justified . Play next log entry . Captain 's Log , supplemental . I 've set a course for the wormhole . With any luck , we should be back in the Alpha Quadrant in a matter of days . Annika ! Annika Hansen ! There is no one here by that name . Are you sure ? Because I have a letter here addressed to her . I never realized you knew anyone from the Alpha Quadrant . I don 't . Well , it looks like someone knows you . Who 's it from ? Claudia Hansen . She claims to be a sister of my father . Your aunt . She is looking forward to meeting me . That 's great ! Starfleet 's appointed me Ambassador to the Lan 'Tuan sector . Ambassador ? I guess they thought I 'd have a flair for quadrupeds . Ensign , I require a moment of your time . Sure . Have you noticed anything unusual about the crew 's behavior since we returned ? Like ... ? When I presented the Captain with evidence that the wormhole may not be what it appears to be , she seemed unconcerned . Really ? That doesn 't sound like her . I believe the crew is being deceived by false telemetry , as well as overly-optimistic correspondence . The letters from home ? I got one , too . No doubt containing good news . Oh , I 'll say . An old buddy of mine offered me a spot at the new test flight center in Australia . Beautiful beaches , a chance to pilot the latest experimental ships . I can 't believe it . Then you doubt the veracity of the letters as well . Are you kidding ? I 've already written back and accepted the job . Computer , activate the EMH . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . The wormhole is not what it appears to be . I believe that the crew is being ... Hold on . Wormhole ? You weren 't informed . Not a peep . Considering everyone 's recent behavior , that 's not surprising . Since the discovery of this wormhole , the crew has ignored obvious signs that it 's a deception . You must determine if there is a physiological explanation . Seven of Nine to the Bridge . On my way . I 'll call in a few crewmen for routine examinations . That should allow me to run the necessary diagnostics . We 've just entered visual range . I thought you 'd like to take a look . We 're starting to get images from the other side . There is considerable interference . I think I can help clear it up . Try it now . How long until we reach the wormhole ? 53 minutes . Maintain course . All hands , this is the Bridge . Secure all systems . When we reach Earth 's orbit , lay in a descent trajectory , North American continent , Starfleet Headquarters . Computer , perform a gravimetric scan of the wormhole 's interior . Look for inconsistencies in the spatial gradient . The anomaly is consistent with a class-1 wormhole . No irregularities detected . Recalibrate sensors and try again . No irregularities detected . Isolate grid 925 and magnify . Computer , is that a vessel in grid 91 ? No vessel has been detected . Open a com channel . Channel open . Alien vessel , this is the Starship Voyager . Respond . Alien vessel ... Who are you ? Seven of Nine , Federation Starship Voyager . Our ship is on an intercept course 3.4 light-years from your position . Turn around . You 're being deceived . How ? He knows what you want . Computer , identify the cause of the power failure . Captain 's orders . Power from Astrometrics has been rerouted to the navigational array , at least until we 've completed our journey through the wormhole . I 've made contact with a vessel inside the anomaly . Starfleet ? Alien . The pilot attempted to warn us away . Sensors show no record of an incoming transmission . The sensors are malfunctioning . He said we were being deceived , that the wormhole is not what it appears to be . The preponderance of data suggests otherwise . The data is flawed . As is your reasoning . May I ask you a personal question ? Are you looking forward to seeing your wife and family ? Indeed . And is that desire stronger than you expected it to be ? Your point ? I believe you are being manipulated . Someone or something is compromising your logic . Otherwise , you would be willing to listen to my concerns . Access to the Astrometrics Lab is restricted until further notice . Dismissed . Naomi Wildman . Your presence here is unauthorized . State your intentions . I 'm ... hiding . From whom ? Everyone . They 're all acting strange . Even Mom . Elaborate . She keeps smiling all the time , talking about Earth like it 's the greatest place in the universe . You do not share your mother 's desire to return to Earth ? Voyager 's my home . If we go to Earth , I 'll have to leave the ship . I 'd miss my room , Neelix ... you and I wouldn 't be able to play Kadis-Kot anymore . Curious . You and I appear to be the only ones not affected . Affected by what ? I am not certain . Stay here until I return . Computer , activate EMH . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Where 's the Doctor ? Off-line . Why ? Starfleet orders- - something about the wormhole interfering with the holographic systems . They didn 't want to damage his program . He must be reactivated . No can do , not until we 're on the other side . It 's urgent . Believe it or not , I am capable of handling almost any medical problem you might have . I was just coming to see you . Why ? I 'm afraid I have some troubling news . Evidently , our wormhole passes through a layer of subspace monitored by the Borg . Starfleet 's concerned that your neural transceiver might attract some unwanted attention . We need to deactivate your implants . You should not attempt to do so without the Doctor 's supervision . Unfortunately , he 's off-line . Then the procedure is inadvisable . Try to relax . We 're only going to keep you in stasis until we 've reached the Alpha Quadrant . I realize the prospect of returning to Earth is frightening to you . It 's perfectly natural for you to resist the unknown , but you 're in good hands . Resistance is futile . What 's our distance , Tom ? 2,000 kilometers and closing . Good-bye , Delta Quadrant . No more Hirogen hunting parties , Malon garbage scows . By this time tomorrow , it 'll be Cardassians , Romulans , Ferengi ... Chakotay to the Bridge . Go ahead . I 've spoken to Seven of Nine . We 're putting her into stasis . Well , make it fast . We don 't want the Borg to crash our welcome home party . I need to adjust my regeneration parameters . How long will I remain inactive ? A couple of hours to be on the safe side . Security alert ! Naomi Wildman . Security 's on their way , Chakotay . What happened ? Seven 's trapped us behind some kind of Borg force field . Try to disable it . Naomi ... go back to your quarters . Pay attention to me . If this indicator begins to flash , enter the following series of commands . Watch carefully . Naomi . Do you understand ? Yes . Naomi ... I 'm giving you a direct order . Step away from the console . She 's blocking my commands . Keep trying . Computer , lock onto my coordinates and initiate a site-to-site transport . Main Engineering . Seven ? I 'm sorry . We 've got phaser fire in Engineering . Janeway to Security . Computer , erect a level-10 force field around Engineering . Lock out the command controls with Borg encryption code 294 . Seven 's tapping into the engine manifold . She 's trying to shut down impulse drive . Bridge . She has erected another force field . It will require several minutes to deactivate it . Where is she exactly ? Engineering Console 16-Beta . Captain ? I 'm sending an EM surge to that station . Seven 's going into stasis whether she likes it or not . She 's down , Captain . Captain ... we 're at the threshold . Take us in . Report . It 's just spatial turbulence . It 's beautiful . Steady as she goes . Seven , wake up . Seven of Nine . Wake up . Force field . You are damaged . It 's just a scrape . The crew ? Unconscious . Sort of . Our hull is demolecularizing . Do wormholes do that ? No ... they don 't . Return to your quarters while I assess the situation . But I can help . My mom says two heads are better than one . Isn 't that the Borg philosophy , too ? Simplistic , but accurate . Please ... I don 't want to be alone . Neelix ! Oh , Neelix . He will survive . Neelix . We must keep moving . Naomi Wildman . We will return for him . I don 't think that 's Earth . No . So , where are we ? I 've restored partial systems . I 'm reading organic compounds , bioplasmic discharges , a vast network of neural pathways . is it a life-form ? If it is , it 's the largest I 've seen- - over 2,000 kilometers in diameter . What are you doing ? My earlier scans revealed a vessel . I 'm trying to find it again . Somebody else is stuck here ? Possibly . There . It 's heavily damaged , but still functioning . Alien vessel , respond . This is the Starship Voyager . Please respond . I told you to stay away . Why didn 't you listen ? Our crew believed they were returning to their homes . Everything they 've always wanted , correct ? Yes . He deceived them . " He " ? I believe we should work together to escape this anomaly . Lower your shields and I 'll beam you aboard . Shields are the only thing holding my ship together . I 'd be destroyed . I will enhance your shield emitters . You won 't fool me that easily . I assure you we are not a deception . Oh , how convenient . An enormous starship comes to my rescue . You might try a more subtle approach . My scans indicate that your shields will fail in approximately 15 minutes . Join us , or you can remain on your vessel , secure in the knowledge that you were not deceived , but that knowledge will do you little good when you are dead . Decide now . All right . All right ! I 'm taking my shields down . Ow ! You look real enough , but over the years , he 's made me believe many things are real- - a fortune at my fingertips , good friends risen from the dead . You 're referring to the anomaly we 've entered . " Anomaly " ? It 's a beast . Cunning , deadly . What does it want ? You ... your ship ... antimatter , biomatter . He consumes it . Everyone believed it was a wormhole . Hmm , telepathy ... psychogenic manipulation . He senses your thoughts , your desires , and then he preys on them . Like a pitcher plant . Pitcher plant ? The Doctor taught me about it in botany class . It catches insects by mimicking pheromones . Yes , you 're right , but this one doesn 't eat insects . He eats starships . You are familiar with this life-form ? Familiar ? I 've been hunting it for nearly 40 years . And have you become impervious to its telepathy ? Almost , but there are days when he can still trick me . Like yesterday . I thought I had found a way to kill him once and for all . I 'd allow him to begin consuming my ship , and then I 'd fly directly to his most vulnerable system- - his primary neural plexus . Boom ! I 'd destroy him from the inside out . But he knew . He showed me what I wanted to see . I was nowhere near his neural plexus . I was flying directly into his digestion chamber . And speaking of digestion ... How do we get out of the monster ? It 's not a monster . It 's a bioplasmic organism , and we will find a way out . No . The girl 's right . He 's a monster and the only way out is to destroy him . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Your ship is being devoured . I 'd say that 's an emergency . The monster ate his ship , too . " Monster " ? I want to see your weapons manifest . " Weapons " ? This is a Sick Bay , not an arsenal . What 's going on ? Voyager has been lured into the digestive chamber of a bioplasmic organism . We require your assistance in charting an escape route . Slow down . The last thing I remember I was speaking to Mr. Paris . He said the wormhole posed a threat to my program . The beast has been manipulating your crew . The moment he realized you were beginning to suspect something , he made sure you were deactivated . And who might you be ? The local monster expert ? As a matter of fact , I am . He 's been fooling you for days , creating false sensor readings , and he 's been altering your crew 's thought patterns- - a little neurogenic telepathy to make them lower their guard . That might explain the heightened dopamine levels I found during my " routine examinations " of the crew . Have you informed the Captain ? She 's asleep . Asleep ? It 's our proximity to the creature . The neurogenic field is stronger here . It 's already rendered most of the crew unconscious . Does your vessel 's database contain information on the creature 's anatomy ? Of course . Retrieve it . In the meantime , let 's work on a wake-up call for the crew . Computer , increase neurotransmitter levels by 29 percent . A cortical inhibitor ? I thought it might disrupt the organism 's hold on her . It won 't . I already tried a similar procedure . I don 't remember asking for a second opinion . It 's working . She 's regaining consciousness . Doctor . You 're being exposed to a powerful neurogenic field . You 've been unconscious for several hours . They 're here . Who ? The Maquis . They 're alive ! B 'Elanna , you 're still on Voyager . You 're hallucinating . Starfleet thinks you 've all been killed . Computer , increase neurotransmitter levels another ten percent . What happened ? B 'Elanna , focus on my voice . She doesn 't want to . They never want to . It 's the silence I hate ... the way he takes you without a fight . It was the same way with the Nokaro . A crew of nearly 3,000- - families mostly , mine included- - looking for a new world to settle , but they came across our friend here and he showed them what they wanted to see- - a glistening green paradise . By the time I responded to their distress call , all that was left of them was some fading engine emissions . That was 39 years ago . 39 years , two weeks , four days ... Do you mind ? The situation is dismal enough . I 'm just trying to explain who we 're up against . Well , I 'm getting a pretty good idea on my own . Judging by these bio-scans , the organism 's been devouring life-forms for a bit longer than 39 years . I 'd estimate it 's at least 200,000 years old . The intelligent always survive . I wouldn 't go that far . It appears to operate on highly evolved instinct . I haven 't detected any signs of sentience . Oh , he 's intelligent , all right- - smart enough to fool your crew into taking you off-line . No need to get personal . Seven . I 'm here . Are we still inside the monster ? Yes , but we are going to find a way out . There ! This is it ! Exactly what we need . These class-9 torpedoes in your weapons manifest . If we can bring your vessel deeper into the creature 's digestive tract and detonate one of these charges , we might be able to destroy it . Starfleet 's not in the habit of killing life-forms . Even if that life-form is about to kill you ? If I could take a few hours to examine the creature more thoroughly ... There is no time . We kill him ! Maybe there 's another way . Explain . Any living organism , no matter how large , will attempt to expel a foreign body . If we could just make Voyager a little less tasty ... My scans indicate that your weapons are tetryon-based . If you were to fire one at a pocket of antimatter released from our warp core , it would produce an electrolytic reaction . Would that make Voyager taste bad ? It might at that . Once I 've beamed you back to your ship , try adjusting your shields to this frequency . You 'll find them more resistant to the bioplasmic discharges . You seem to know a little about everything- - medicine , exobiology , shield harmonics . I 'm something of a renaissance EMH . I could use a crewmate like you . The beast would have a difficult time manipulating a hologram 's desires . An Ishmael to your Ahab ? No , thank you . You 're turning down the hunt of a lifetime . As appealing as that sounds , I 'm a doctor , not a dragon slayer . My program requires that I do no harm . Shame . Qatai 's vessel is ready . I 've rerouted Bridge controls to Engineering- - ops , tactical , helm- - all integrated into one station . Efficient . I thought you 'd like it . I 'm plotting a course for the organism 's esophageal aperture . Prepare to release the antimatter . Hull integrity 's dropped another 13 percent . Doctor . Ready on my end . Voyager to Qatai . Prepare to fire . Wait ! Wait ! No , no . No , no , no . What 's wrong ? That last jolt must have destabilized my targeting sensors . I could establish an interface to Voyager 's targeting array . Don 't bother . I know my ship . It 's just being stubborn . Ah ! Ready . lnitiate the burst on my mark . Now . Like the taste of that ? I 'm reading violent contractions throughout the digestive chamber . It 's working . We 're moving back through the esophageal aperture . Voyager has been expelled . We 're 3.9 kilometers from the organism . After just one burst ? For a big fellow , he certainly has a low tolerance for tummy ache . Qatai 's vessel was also released . Hail him . Why haven 't you ejected a second burst ? ! We 've cleared the organism . You 've been deceived ! We 're both still inside it ! He 's right . I 'm reading bioplasmic energy . I am impervious to the creature 's influence . You were impervious when it was creating the illusion of Voyager getting home because you didn 't share that desire , but now we 're trying to escape , which is what you want . Think about it ! He 's showing you exactly what you want to see . Seven ! lnitiate another antimatter burst . Now . Fire . There . We 're out . Are we certain ? No sign of bioplasmic energy . We 've escaped . I 'm taking us out of range . Maximum warp . I 'd better see to the crew . Well , I 'll be on my way . Thanks for your help . Your engines have taken heavy damage . You require our assistance . No time . The beast is already altering course . I 'll handle the repairs myself . The procedure would take several days . Don 't worry about me . Just get your ship home . And watch out for pitcher plants . Location ? We 're still in the Delta Quadrant . Scan the wormhole . Find out what went wrong . It 's gone . I can 't find it on sensors . Captain . Bridge controls have been routed to Engineering- - ops , tactical , helm- - all of it . Bridge to Engineering . Yes , Captain . Seven ? What 's going on ? The Doctor will explain . I will file a complete report in the morning after I have regenerated . Captain 's Log , Stardate 52542.3 . We 've deployed a series of beacons to warn other vessels about the bioplasmic creature and resumed a course for home- - our real home . Naomi Wildman . Don 't worry . My presence here is authorized . By whom ? Mom . She thinks I need to learn more about Earth . I see . And does studying this image increase your desire to go there ? Not really . I concur . It is unremarkable . But my mom likes it and even Neelix can 't wait to get there , so I guess it can 't be that bad . Given this crew 's determination to return home , I have no doubt we will see it for ourselves someday .
