 New man coming ! New prisoner ! Get out of my way ! New man coming ! Get out of my way ! Here he comes ! Get ready ! Let 's go ! Hurry up ! They 're gonna push off ! Let 's go ! New prisoner ! Hey ! Something 's coming down there ! Hey , get out of my ... kill him ! kill him ! Tom ! Nobody touch him . He 's mine . Wait . This is a mistake . I don 't belong here ! You don 't ? well , I 'II just take you home , then . AII right ? ! This one 's mine . I say he 's not . He 's the reason that I 'm here . He was my partner in a bombing . We killed 47 patroIIers on Akritiri- - 47 ! And then this scum confessed to the tribunal and gave them my name . So I 'm telling you again , he 's mine . I 'm keeping him . Take him . For now . Did you have to hit me so hard ? Trust me- - around here you don 't want anybody thinking you 're soft . Thanks for the tip . Is there any food ? I haven 't had anything to eat since I got here . How long is that ? A couple of days . Some shore leave , huh ? What happened to you after they split us up ? The Akritirians interrogated me . When I wouldn 't confess to the bombing , they dragged me in front of a judge . He said you 'd already confessed for the both of us and then he pronounced me guilty . That 's exactly what happened to me . Then they must have drugged me because the next thing I knew , I woke up at the bottom of the chute to that welcoming party . We 've got to explain to somebody that there 's been a mistake . Who did you have in mind ? A guard . The warden . I haven 't seen anybody like that . A prison without guards ? The other inmates say this place is 300 meters underground . Maybe the Akritirians figure guards aren 't necessary . Can I have some more ? What do you think this is ? ! A hotel ? ! There isn 't any more ! Take it easy ! I 'm sorry . I 'm ... really starting to get edgy . I think it 's the clamp . The what ? That 's what the prisoners call it . Everybody has one . What is it ? I 'm guessing it 's some kind of synaptic stimulator . Anyway , it 's affecting my nervous system . I 've been getting jumpier ever since I got here . Not to mention , this thing itches like crazy . What do you think it 's for ? Maybe it 's some kind of torture device . We could try taking them out . No ! I saw someone try it . It killed him . What we have to do is find a way out of this place . Hmm . Let 's get something straight first . What ? The next time you take a swing at me , I 'm hitting back . What 's that ? Another prisoner , maybe ? Food coming ! - Food ! - Join me for dinner ? No ! There 's got to be more ! I don 't think he was going to eat it anyway , do you ? He 's dead . I think I 've lost my appetite . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50156.2 . After 72 hours , Lieutenant Paris and Ensign Kim are still missing , and I 'm quickly losing patience with the Akritirian authorities . They continue to deny us access to the surface , and they 've yet to confirm whether our crewmen were killed in the bombing . Anything ? I have completed another full sensor sweep including a multispectral subsurface scan . I still cannot locate their life signs or their combadges . Captain , Ambassador Liria is hailing us . On screen . I 'm only in the mood for good news today , Ambassador . I 'm afraid I can 't oblige . Are you saying they 're dead ? No , they 're very much alive . Then where are they ? Your men have been convicted of the terrorist bombing at the Laktivia recreational facility , which resulted in the death of 47 off-duty patroIIers . I assure you , Ambassador , my people had nothing to do with this attack . We found chemical traces of the explosive used in the bombing on their hands and clothing . I 'm sure the same could be said of anyone who was near the explosion . It 's hardly enough evidence for a conviction . The explosive was triIithium based . There is no source of triIithium anywhere in our system . So , you can imagine our surprise when our investigation revealed that your ship is powered by diIithium- - which our scientists tell us is convertible into triIithium . We have long suspected that the so-caIIed Open Sky terrorists had off-worId collaborators . Now we know who they are . Captain , two Akritirian ships are approaching at bearing 27 1 mark 64 . Prepare your ship for inspection , Captain . If it will help confirm our innocence , I 'II consider it . But first , I want to know where my people are being held , and I want to talk to them immediately . Communication with inmates is not permitted . If you want my cooperation , Ambassador , you 're going to have to do better than that . Perhaps you 've misunderstood me . Let me clarify our position . Your vessel is being impounded . You and your crew are under arrest . Prepare to be boarded . Captain , their ships are powering weapons . Mr. Tuvok , raise shields . Mr. Chakotay , take the conn . I 'd Iike to resolve this situation peacefully , Ambassador , but let me clarify my position . I will not allow this ship to be boarded . That , Captain , is an error in judgment . Captain , should I return fire ? That 's not going to help us get Tom and Harry back . We need to regroup . Get us out of here , Commander . Aye , Captain . What took you so long ? I 've been back at Ieast half an hour . You 're starting to feel it , aren 't you ? I guess I am . It gets worse all the time . We have to fight it . Let 's focus on something positive . How about ... a seven-course dinner ? I suppose you didn 't find any food . well ... I found close to 50 good citizens in this quaint little community , but not a grocer among them . I take it that 's a no . Yeah . But , if we ever do get our hands on some food , I found a lovely spot for a picnic . Great . AII we need are the DeIaney sisters , and we could make a day of it . So , how about you ? Come across anything interesting in your travels ? If you mean an escape route , I ran into nothing but solid walls . Me , too . As far as I can see , the only way to the surface is that chute in the main chamber . The question is : How do we get into it without getting fried by that force field ? You saw what happened to the man who reached inside . That 's where this might come in handy . I thought if we could get our hands on some loose wiring , you might be able to use it to rig a device that would short out the force field long enough for us to get into the tube . It 's worth a try . Yeah . Now , if we could only figure out a way to short out these implants , we 'd be all set . There 's no indication they followed us . I guess they 're more interested in getting rid of us than finding out the truth . We 've got to go back - for Harry and Tom . - B 'EIanna ... We have no information as to their whereabouts , and if we return to Akritirian space , we are sure to encounter further hostilities . Tuvok is right . Let 's concentrate on proving Harry and Tom 's innocence . How do we do that ? We know the explosive was triIithium-based . If we find the source of that triIithium , it may lead us to the real bombers . Our Iong-range scans indicate that Liria was right . There 's no triIithium in this sector . What about paraIithium ? It 's used as a fuel for some ion-based propulsion systems and it can be converted into triIithium . Review our sensor logs of ships entering and leaving Akritirian space during the time we were in orbit . If anybody 's using paraIithium for fuel , I want to find out who they are and where they went . Come on , come on , come on ... Take it easy . You 'II get it . I can 't think . I can 't concentrate . Okay , okay , concentrate on this . Uh ... um ... crown roast of lamb with , uh ... a bed of wild rice and a 2296 Chateau Lafite RothschiId ... at the real Sandrine 's . Or how about shrimp with fettran sauce , fIamb ? noodles ... and fudge ripple pudding . Good one . Okay . Uh ... couple of barbecued T-bone steaks with baked Risan beans and ... cherry pie for dessert . Let 's see you top that one . Right now , I 'm so hungry , I couId eat a bowl of NeeIix 's leola root stew . Me , too . Never thought I 'd say that . I 'm ready to give it a try . So far , so good . Are you okay ? What are you doing ? Just out for a little stroll . Move it ! What 's that ? A pipe . Let 's see it . Come on . I 'd really recommend that you stay out of my way . You should have thought of that before you took him ! Come on , Tom . Tom ! Back off ! Back off ! Back off ! Back off ! Hang on . I 'm getting you out of here . No fight . No fight . If he doesn 't bleed to death , he 'II die from infection . We 've got to get him to a doctor . Of course . We 'II call an emergency vehicle and rush him to a hospital . Hey ! What do you want for the dead man 's boots ? You can make it . Just a few more steps , and we 'II be back to the shelter . Home , sweet home . Harry . Yeah . I 'm hurt pretty bad . I 'II take care of it . Promise me something . What ? If things get worse ... if it comes down to making a choice , don 't worry about me . Take care of yourself . Do we have a deal ? Quiet . Hey ! What are you doing in there ? - Get out . - This place is ours . Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! Okay , here 's the deal . My boots for some clean cloth , a liter of water , two of those food cakes and my friend gets to stay in there until he 's better . I don 't take in boarders . What about the rest of it ? I don 't like the color . Come on , Iet 's go . This guy 's not going to help us . Just tell me what you want for the food and the bandages , okay ? That pipe you were working with interests me . I can 't trade the pipe . Then I guess we don 't have a deal . Now move on . You 're blocking my light . I 'II take you with me . Take me where ? I know a way out of this place . I been in here six years . I 've never heard of a way out . The chute . Anybody that tries to get in there gets hit with an energy pulse . With this pipe , I can disable the force field . With a little luck , we can make it to the surface . What are you staring at ? I 'm trying to figure out if you 're a liar ... or if the clamp has already made you crazy . Neither . And I 'II prove it to you . You stand your ground . I Iike that . Then we have a deal ? Just remember one thing : If you 're lying , I 'II kill you . Captain 's Log , supplemental . So far , we 've located three ships with paraIithium plasma emissions , but none of them appears to have produced explosives . We 're currently in pursuit of a fourth vessel . We 're in hailing range of the Akritirian freighter , Captain . I 'm only reading two life signs aboard . Open a channel . This is Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager to the Captain of the Akritirian cargo vessel . I 'm the Captain of this vessel . What do you want ? Two of my crew members were convicted by the Akritirians of a terrorist bombing . We 're trying to prove their innocence and we have reason to believe a ship like yours , which uses paraIithium for fuel , might have been involved in the production of the explosives . Let 's get out of here . Quiet . This is a cargo vessel . Then you won 't mind if a few of my crew members come aboard to have a look around . Not if they don 't mind having their throats cut . There 's no need to be abrupt ... I guess you 're not the only captain who doesn 't want their ship boarded . Captain , I 'm picking up residual traces of triIithium . They 're faint , but they 're there . I think we may have found our bomb makers . Mr. Tuvok , send a security detail to Transporter Room 2 . Lieutenant Torres , beam the two of them aboard and tractor their ship into the shuttle bay . Aye , Captain . You have no right to hold us . My people have been accused of aiding a terrorist group called Open Sky . What do you know about them ? They 're not terrorists . They 're patriots . One day , they 'II lead the legitimate government of our people . We don 't have to answer any of their questions , Piri . It sounds to me like your young friend here sympathizes with these patriots . She 's not my friend . She 's my sister . And our political views are none of your business . I don 't know much about your world ... but I do know that my people are being held for a crime they didn 't commit and I 'm going to do everything in my power to get them out . Do you understand that ? We have confirmed that explosives were indeed produced aboard their ship . Escort them to the brig . Aye , Captain . And have Mr. Chakotay lay in a course for the Akritirian border . Let my sister go . She didn 't have anything to do with the bombing , and she 's only 14 . Prison doesn 't scare me . Quiet , Piri . please . You don 't know what you 're saying . Nobody ever gets out of prison on Akritiri . They 'II just let her rot in there for the rest of her life . I admire your desire to protect your sister , but ... it 's not really up to me , is it ? tell them what we know . tell me what ? Piri , don 't . Our brigade found out where the maximum security detention facility is located . My sister has quite a vivid imagination . With this ship , you can attack the prison and get your people out . I 'm sorry , that 's not how we do things where I come from . Coward . Mr. Tuvok , see that they get a bath and a hot meal . I don 't trust that guy , Harry . I can handle him . Just watch your back , okay ? Try to get some rest . Remember our deal ? What deal ? If it comes down to it , you 're going to save yourself , right ? If you see a chance , just go . Don 't come back for me . I think the clamp must really be starting to make you crazy . I 'm serious , Harry . Getting tired of waiting . I gotta go . Harry ... Oh ! Damn it ! Don 't fight it , use it . How do I do that ? I feel like there 's a million fire ants in my brain . Good . Make them work for you . How ? Fire ants sound vicious . Imagine them as your army moving in a vast wave to conquer your enemy . There 's a massive struggle going on inside you- - a battle to the death between you and the clamp . You have to use whatever force you can to defeat it . I 'd rather use my energy to work on getting out of here . When I first got here , I assumed the clamp was just a refined form of torture to make our prison stay that much more arduous . gradually , I began to understand it more fully . It 's all right here in my manifesto- - my insights , my reasoning my evidence . It 's an experiment . They 're studying us like animaIs- - pitting us against each other to find out what happens . You can see that , can 't you ? I guess so . The greatest threat , of course , would be if we started to cooperate with each other , so they prevented that . But there had to be more to it than that , and the longer I was in here , the more I knew it was my job to figure it out . That 's the reason I was put here and eventually it came to me as though a fireball had exploded in my mind . And the realization gave me a power over the others . They don 't come near me anymore . They 're afraid of me , because I know the truth . well ? Don 't you want to know what it is ? What is the ultimate purpose of the clamp ? Okay . It 's inspired , brilliant . It 's a method for controlling the prison population . We kill each other off . Sure . Whatever you say . So you must enter into the battle . If you let the clamp control you , you 'II end up like that crazy old man that took over your shelter . But if you learn to control it , you 'II survive ... like me . Yes . I plan to be out of here before it even becomes an issue . Go ahead . Touch it . What do you see ? Some kind of hatch . What do you see ? Are we at the surface ? Harry . How are you feeling ? I was dreaming ... about Megan DeIaney . Next time , I 'II try not to wake you . The chute ... you made it in ? Did you find a way out ? Not yet ... but we 're very close . It 's just a matter of time . So you 've got to hang in there , okay ? Wh ... Wha ... What happened to me ? Easy , Tom . You got stabbed , remember ? Who ... who did it ? One of the prisoners . No , it ... No , it was you . I 'm trying to change your bandage . No ! Get away from me ! - please ! I 'm trying to help you . - Get away from me ! Tom ! Tom , give me the pipe . We need it to get out of here . Remember ? It 's okay . Let me take it . Harry what 's happening to me ? You 're gonna be okay . Harry . Yeah . Don 't leave me here . close your eyes . sleep well ? No . How about your friend ? Is he dead yet ? Shut up ! The chute leads to a docking port , right ? Some kind of ship must come to drop off food ... drop off new prisoners . So maybe we could get aboard the ship . It 's getting the best of you . I know we could do it . You think they 're just gonna open the hatch and ask us if we 'd Iike a ride home ? ! We 'd have the element of surprise . And they 'd have the pulse guns . If we could hold them off distract them just for a few minutes ... I couId establish our location ... That 's enough ! ... get a message to Voyager and they could get us out of here . We 'II need weapons . I 've never let anyone see this ... but I 'm going to let you read my manifesto . It 'II teach you how to control the clamp . I don 't want to read your crazy manifesto . Take it . Learn everything I know . Now , are you going to help me or not ? ! If I were like the others I 'd kill you . But I don 't lose control . That 's the difference between me and you . Listen ! Listen to me , everybody ! Now what 's he want ? This is important . I 've got something to say . Something you want to hear . It 's what you 've been waiting for . What the hell do you want ? I 've found a way out of here . There 's no way out . There is ! Through the chute ! I 've been inside . Listen ! We have to work together . They 'd Iike us all to kill each other , but we have to cooperate . If we do , we can get out of here . If you 've been in the chute , where does it lead ? Space . It 's the truth . We can escape if we work together ! What the hell are you doing ? Stay back . You 've ruined it . This is mine . It 's mine ! please ! No ! please ! Harry ! No ! Go ahead . Finish him . You wanted to kill him , didn 't you ? He 's my best friend ! No , no , that 's where you 're wrong . He 's too far gone to be your friend . AII he is now is a burden . That 's not true ! He eats your food , he ruined your device- - he 's given in to the clamp . You 've got to get rid of him before he brings you down with him . - Quiet ! - You 've got a chance to make something of your life in here , but as long as that carcass is in my hut , we 'II never be able to go on to more important things . What the hell are you talking about ? We 've got to disseminate the manifesto ... gather our followers ... train them . You 're insane . You want my protection ? You want to live under my roof ? Get rid of him . I don 't need your protection ! How long do you think you 'II last against Pit and the others , without me looking out for you ? Go ahead . Take it . Think of what a relief it will be to not have that responsibility ... to be free of his ranting . I 'm not a killer . If you want to survive in here ... you 'd better learn to be . If that 's what it takes to stay alive ... then I 'd rather die . Get out now . And take him with you or I will kill him . unless you 've decided to relinquish control of your vessel , Captain , I suggest that you do not proceed across our border . We 've captured the ship and crew responsible for the bombing at the Laktivia canteen . I see . I 'm prepared to trade them for the immediate and unconditional release of Lieutenant Paris and Ensign Kim . Your crewmen have already been tried and convicted . Are you saying those convictions can 't be reversed , no matter what new evidence is brought to light ? You are correct . That is an outrageous policy . I assure you , it has proved to be a most effective deterrent . Good day , Captain . So much for negotiating . What should we do with the prisoners ? Bring vel to my ready room . Now . I want the location and shield code to the maximum security detention facility . What 's wrong , the Akritirians didn 't agree to your terms ? No , as a matter of fact . But I suspect you will . And what makes you so sure ? Because if you don 't , you and your sister are going to spend the rest of your lives in prison . I 'II take you to the prison and I 'II get you in , but there are members of Open Sky in there and I want to get them out , too . I don 't think you understand the way this works . You tell me what I want to know , and after I get my people back , I let you and your sister go . That 's not good enough . Mr. Tuvok , inform the Akritirians that we 're ready to turn the prisoners over . AII right . Crewman Foster , take the prisoner to Commander Chakotay . He will upload the coordinates and codes . May I ask how you propose to get past the Akritirian patrols ? No doubt they will attack as soon as Voyager crosses the border . That 's exactly why the rescue team won 't be aboard Voyager Captain ? If I 'm not mistaken , Mr. NeeIix 's ship is still in our shuttle bay . Yes . However , Mr. NeeIix 's vessel has extremely limited combat capabilities . Then we 'II have to be very careful , won 't we ? I want his clothes and I want his shoes ! This man is my friend . Nobody touches him . Back off ! You won 't have to get hurt . New prisoner ! I got her ! Hands on your heads . Do it now ! NeeIix to Lieutenant Tuvok . Go ahead . We 've got company . Two Akritirian patrol ships on an intercept course . I 'm not sure how long I can hold them off . We are moving as quickly as we can , Mr. NeeIix . Captain ! Where 's Tom ? He needs help . Akritirian patrol to alien vessel . Disengage immediately . Akritirian patrol ? Uh , am I in Akritirian space ? Oh , dear . I thought this was the Heva VII refueling port . Uh , you wouldn 't , by any chance , be able to recommend a ... respectable establishment where I couId have my navigational array repaired ? Disengage immediately . This is your final warning . Janeway to NeeIix . Everyone 's aboard . acknowledged . I know it 's a little cramped back there , so if there 's anything I can do to make you more comfortable ... NeeIix ! Just get us out of here ! Of course , Captain . TaIaxian vessel to Akritirian patrol . My apologies for the little mix-up . I 'II be departing now , per your orders . Power down your engines and prepare to be boarded . Eh , what was that , patrol ? That last message was garbled . I 've always thought of my piloting skills as modest , at best , and the conditions were extremely dangerous . still , I did outmaneuver those Akritirians , didn 't I ? You did a terrific job , NeeIix . I agree . excellent piloting . I 'm glad to hear you say that , Captain , because I 've been thinking- - until Tom here gets back on his feet , perhaps I couId try my hand at conn for a while . That won 't be necessary . Lieutenant Paris is just fine , thanks to excellent doctoring . I finished analyzing these implants , and you 'II be happy to know that the treatment I provided will successfully counteract their effect on you . What exactly was the effect ? My readings indicate that the implants are designed to stimulate the production of acetylcholine in the hypothalamus . That would explain the agitation . Hmm . acetylcholine is a brain chemical common to the neural structures of most humanoids . essentially , it helps stimulate one 's aggressive tendencies . Zio was right . Come on , Harry . We 're overdue for that steak dinner . I guess so . What do you mean , " Guess so " ? It 's the thought of that dinner that kept us going . So ... what do you think ? Uh , a baked potato ... a big mound of deep-fried onion rings ? Tom ... Maybe , maybe , uh ... some grilled mushrooms . Tom , listen to me . I ... I almost killed you . What are you saying ? You 're the one that kept me alive . I was ready to hit you with the pipe . Don 't you remember ? You want to know what I remember ? Someone saying , " This man is my friend . Nobody touches him . " I 'II remember that for a Iong time . So ... what do you say we blow a week 's worth of replicator rations ? So , what 's for dessert ? Cherry pie , don 't you remember ? What about the fudge ripple pudding ? Ah ! Yes ...
