 Lieutenant Thomas Eugene Paris , I hereby reduce you to the rank of Ensign . And I sentence you to 30 days solitary confinement . Take Ensign Paris to the brig . I know the way . Brig. One ... two ... three ... 98 ... 99 ... 100 . Staying in shape ? Oh , yeah . I do it every time I 'm in jail . Well , I hope all that exercise gave you an appetite . Leola root stew again ? That 's the third time this week . Can 't you just replicate me a pizza ? Sorry , Tom . Basic nutrition only . Captain 's orders . Ah , bread and water , huh ? Let 's have it . I got you the padd you asked for . Oh ... thanks . So ... did you ask the warden about those holodeck privileges ? Uh , she said , and I quote : " Tell Mr. Paris this is punishment , not shore leave . " It was worth a try . Well ... see you next meal . Wait , leaving already ? Uh , pull up a chair . Stay awhile . Sorry . No nonessential conversation with the prisoner . Do the words " cruel and unusual " mean anything to her ? I 'm telling you , Neelix , the inmates are getting restless . She 's going to have a full-blown prison riot on her hands . Begin letter . Dear Father ... pause ... and erase . Begin . To Admiral Paris ... pause ... and erase . Begin . Hey , Dad ... Long time , no see . Chances are you 'll never receive this letter ... but in case you do , there 's a few things I wanted to say . First of all ... bad news . Um ... I 'm in jail again . Wait ! Keep listening . Don 't turn this off . I want you to know how I ended up in here ... because ... it 's not what you think . It all started on a morning I was doing something you would find a complete waste of time . Captain Proton to Buster Kincaid . I 've destroyed Dr. Chaotica 's mind control machine and I 'm on my way back to the spaceship . Hello , Proton . Who is this ? An old friend . Make that two old friends . The Twin Mistresses of Evil ... I should have known . I 'm afraid your trusty sidekick is indisposed at the moment . Don 't worry about me , Captain . I can handle myself . We 'll see about that . Bring me the brain probe . The what ? The brain probe , you insolent fool . Oh , right . Your wish is my command . Sorry , Harry . No problem . Torture me all you want , Demonica . I 'll never crack . Oh , but you will . By the time we 're through with you , you 'll be begging to tell us everything you know . You 'll be our puppet . Our slave . Great . You 're doing great . You 're done for , Demonica . Malicia . She 's Demonica . Whatever . You two are going to jail for a very long time . - Ooh . - Ooh . Move it , toots . He 's so brave . It 's a shame we 'll have to kill him . I 've got everything under control , Proton . Shouldn 't you be getting back to headquarters ? And leave you at the mercy of these two ? Come on , Tom. I 'm just getting to the good part . Senior officers , report to the Bridge . I guess the good part will have to wait . Any progress on those star charts ? I 'll have them to you by 1400 . 1400 ? You told me they 'd be done yesterday . I 'm sorry , Tom . The sensor array went off-line . Seven of Nine will have it up and running this morning . 1400 , I promise . You need some help ? I 'm not on duty again till tomorrow morning . No , I don 't want to spoil your day off . Oh , I don 't mind . Thanks , anyway . See you later , Lieutenant . Buster . Bye . I think Jenny really likes you . Yeah , I know . I thought the feeling was mutual . How many times do I have to tell you ? I like Megan , but she won 't give me the time of day . What is the difference ? You can 't be serious . They 're the Delaney sisters , Harry . They 're twins . Are you kidding ? They 're nothing alike . Jenny 's aggressive , and sometimes annoying , but Megan- - she 's quiet , artistic and she 's got that cute little dimple in her right cheek . Jenny doesn 't have the dimple ? No dimple . Hmm . Bridge . Well , you 've done it again , Harry . What ? Fallen for the unattainable woman . First it was a hologram , then a Borg , and now , the wrong twin . At least I 'm consistent . Sorry to interrupt your fun , gentlemen , but long-range sensors have picked up something interesting . A concentrated mass of oxygen and hydrogen . Lots of animal and plant life . An M-Class planet ? No . That 's the interesting part . We 're entering visual range . On screen . What is it ? It 's an ocean . According to these readings , it 's bigger than the Atlantic and Pacific combined . What 's holding it together ? Looks like there 's some sort of a containment field keeping it from dissipating . Take us in closer , Tom . Are those starships or submarines ? Open a channel . This is Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager . Please identify yourselves . They are powering weapons . Shields . Red Alert . Shields holding . No damage . Should I return fire ? Not yet . Voyager to approaching vessels . We have no hostile intentions . They 're maintaining their course . Target the lead ship and take out their weapons . Direct hit . They 're hailing . I guess we got their attention . On screen . I 'm Deputy Consul Burkus of the Monean Maritime Sovereignty . You violated our space . Withdraw or we 'll resume firing . Consul , we could have destroyed your ships , but we didn 't . We have no interest in a fight . Then why are you here ? Because we 're explorers and we 're fascinated by your ocean , and we 'd like to learn more about it and your people , if you 'd be willing . And if we are not ? We 'll be disappointed , but we 'll leave you alone . Your ship 's impressive . Well , I 'd be happy to give you a tour . Forgive our vigilance , Captain . Over the years , my government has had to protect our ocean from more than one hostile species . I understand . We 're also very protective of our own natural resources . ... about new cultures . Yours sounds particularly fascinating . And this is Voyager 's command center . Feel free to have a look around . I 'm curious , Consul . Have your people always lived here ? Our ancestors were nomadic . They only discovered the waters 300 years ago . I 'll bet they were as stunned as we were to find this huge ball of water floating in space . Yes . Mister ... ? Paris . Tom Paris . My First Officer , Commander Chakotay . They realized they could farm sea vegetation , extract oxygen from the ocean for their ships ... create a permanent home . What 's your population ? More than 80,000 . And you all live underwater ? Lieutenant , we do have other business to attend to . Mr. Tuvok , escort our guests to the briefing room . Care to join us , Mr. Paris ? How could you tell ? Do you still live aboard your ships ? We 've built an industrial infrastructure and undersea dwellings , but yes , most of our people still choose to live as our ancestors did . Any idea how the ocean came into existence ? In my experience , it 's a unique phenomenon . Riga ? There are several theories . Our clerics teach that the ocean was a divine gift from the creators to protect and sustain us , but , in my opinion , the most plausible explanation is that the ocean formed naturally , much the same way that a gas giant does . Makes sense . Unfortunately , our limited knowledge of the phenomenon has created a few problems . What do you mean ? I 'm not sure this is an appropriate topic . But they might be able to help us . We 'll do anything we can . The ocean 's losing containment . Hydro-volume has decreased more than seven percent in the last year alone . Any idea what 's causing it ? No . To make a thorough study , we 'd need to explore the ocean 's center where l believe the gravitational currents are fluctuating . But that 's more than 600 kilometers deep . Our best research vessel can only go 100 kilometers . Beyond that , the pressure 's too great . Well , we could take you there . Captain ? I had no idea you were such an old salt . When I saw that ocean today , it reminded me of the first time I read Jules Verne . 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea . Mmm ! I must have read it 20,000 times . I was obsessed with stories about the ocean . All of my friends were busy with their holo-programs . I had my head buried in Captains Courageous , Moby Dick ... So your interest in history includes the 19th century , as well . Ancient sailing ships were always my first love . I had it all planned . Finish high school , join the Federation Naval Patrol ... but my father had other ideas . You 'd think Admiral Paris might have understood his son 's passion . Hmm ... As far as he was concerned , the only ship I was going to serve on had to have a Starfleet insignia on it . So now you have an opportunity to make up for lost time . Captain ... with a few simple thruster modifications to the Delta Flyer , she will be seaworthy in no time . Good . It 'd take at least a week to make the necessary modifications to Voyager . Then it 's my mission ? Bon voyage . And so , I thought to myself , who better than Harry to be my first mate ? First mate ? Oh ... sailor talk . You 'll get the hang of it . Ah . I 'm telling you , Harry , I have been dreaming about something like this for as long as I can remember . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but there is a mission involved here , right ? Of course ! But there 's no law that says we can 't have a little fun along the way . Ah , bosun . Ready to shove off ? What are you talking about , Lieutenant ? Call me Skipper . Sailor talk . You 'll get used to it . I think not . Hull and thruster reinforcements are complete . Ah , that 's what I wanted to hear . Oh , excuse me . Am I in the right place ? Welcome aboard . I see you like to travel light . These are my instruments for measuring depth , pressure , currents ... We will not need them . This vessel is equipped with a complete sensor array . - Oh . - Uh , it 's okay . You can store your gear in the hold . 20,000 kilometers to the surface . Immersion shielding ? Active . Anchors aweigh . Those structures , what are they ? It 's our main oxygen refinery and desalination plant . Corrosion resistant alloys , variable-density ballast ... an efficient design . That means she 's impressed . We 're very proud of what we 've built here . I can see why . Come in . I 'm afraid we have some disturbing news . Oh ? We 've run a computer simulation to determine the rate of dissipation . It 's worse than Mr. Riga thought . According to our estimates , the ocean could experience a complete loss of containment in less than five years . I 'm sorry . Your calculations could be wrong . I know it sounds grim , but there may be some way to stop the process . And if there isn 't ? You might have to consider evacuating . I 'm supposed to go back and explain this to 47 regional sovereigns ? They 'll pass their first unanimous resolution ... calling for my head . I can imagine how difficult this must be for you ... but you will have to tell them . Perhaps ... but I 'll wait until your Delta Flyer returns . Maybe they 'll find something tangible . We 're at a depth of 560 kilometers . What was that ? The hull contracting . Rerouting additional power to structural integrity . Nothing to worry about . I 'm detecting multiphasic energy discharges , bearing 021 mark 6 . Range : 12 kilometers . A structure . At this depth ? Adjusting course . I can 't see anything . Give me forward illumination , Harry . What is it ? It 's generating massive amounts of artificial gravity . Looks like some kind of field reactor . If it 's malfunctioning , that would explain the loss of hydro-volume . Maybe it can be repaired . It looks ancient . Well , if these readings are right , it 's at least 100,000 years old . We 've no records of any previous inhabitants . Who built it ? Where did they go ? Looks like the reactor is controlled by a core computer . I 'll try to upload the database and get some answers . lnitiate the interface . Upload in progress . What 's happening ? We 've got a visitor . What was it ? ! You 're the one that lives here . You tell us . No one 's ever been this far down before . We don 't know anything about marine life at these depths . You are about to have the opportunity to make a detailed study . The creature 's emitting biothermic discharges . It 's like some kind of electric eel . Only a hell of a lot bigger . And significantly more powerful . That last discharge exceeded 500,000 volts . The shields are fried , Tom . You might want to think about getting us out of here . Thrusters are off-line . Targeting forward phasers . No , you can 't kill it . I do not intend to . Unfortunately , the creature does not seem to be of a similar opinion . How 's that upload coming ? Another couple of minutes . Firing phasers . I think we only made him madder . The creature is retreating . We 've got a breach ! I 'm on it . 600 kilometers underwater , propulsion off-line , water pouring into the cabin ... lt was like something out of one of those Jules Verne stories you used to read me when I was a kid . Red Alert ! All hands to battle stations . Hey , what about me ? If we 're in trouble , we need our best pilot at the helm . You can 't just leave me here ! Five ships ? And they just opened fire without warning ? - Mm-hmm . - Oh ... How did we get away ? Apparently , Ensign Culhane confused the enemy with a brilliant series of evasive maneuvers . I hear Captain Janeway is considering him for Chief Conn Officer . Oh , yeah ? Well , you just tell the Captain that Culhane 's brilliant maneuvers almost knocked me unconscious . You 'd think he 'd never flown a shuttle , much less a starship . There we are . That 's it ? Aren 't you going to run a neurological scan ? Maybe I should be granted a medical reprieve . Your injury was what Naomi Wildman refers to as a boo-boo . Come on , Doc . You don 't understand what it 's like being down here all day , every day . I 'm going crazy . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but isn 't that the idea ? No , seriously , Doc , you might want to take me down to Sick Bay for a full psychiatric evaluation . Three or four days of observation at least . See you in 20 days . Doc ! Resume recording . Okay , Dad , where were we ? Ah , right . We had just sprung a leak . Nothing like a cold shower to wake up the senses . Structural integrity is weakening . We 've lost communications , shields , propulsion . We can reduce our density by venting plasma and transporting all nonessential equipment off the ship . It will take time , but we will eventually rise to the surface . I think we should stay . Stay ? I 'm not about to be scared off by a few damaged systems . Tom , don 't you think maybe you 're carrying this Captains Courageous thing a little too far ? Look ... it 's a good bet that the reactor 's malfunctioning . Now , we 're only going to get one shot at fixing it . You want to leave , fine . Give me an environmental suit and you can pick me up after you 've repaired the Flyer . You 're going for a swim ? Are you crazy ? You have a better idea ? Well ... we already managed to interface with the reactor 's computer . Maybe we can make the repairs , maybe we can 't , but I 'm not leaving you down here alone . What about you two ? I 'll stay . Seven ? It is in my nature to comply with the collective . I 'm detecting a breach in the containment field . Any way we can seal it ? We might try reinforcing the field with a deflector beam . Do it . Try hailing the Delta Flyer again . Nothing . What do you think 's happened ? They may be too deep to receive a transmission . They may have had an accident . - lt 's possible . - Possible ? Captain , I 'll need a better explanation than that . What am I supposed to tell the Council ? Clarify something for me . Are you more concerned about the lives of the people on that shuttle or your political career ? What 's that ? A gravimetric discharge . The reactor 's core is unstable . You 'd be unstable , too , if you were as old as this thing . Age has nothing to do with it . The reactor 's diverting massive amounts of power to its structural integrity field , power normally reserved for oceanic containment . That would explain why containment is weakening . Looks like the density of the water 's been increasing over the past few years . It seems the reactor 's just trying to keep itself from being crushed . Can we initiate a power transfer , stabilize the core ? I believe so , but it would be a temporary solution . It 's better than nothing . Captain , full containment has just been re-established . The deflector beam . Negative . The ocean appears to have been stabilized from within . It looks like our team has succeeded . I 'm picking up an object on a slow ascent . It 's the Flyer . You found something ? I 've been studying the generator 's database . You 're not going to believe this , but apparently , your ocean used to be part of a landmass . Really ? As far as I can tell , it was part of a planetary ecosystem inhabited by a very advanced civilization . What happened to them ? That 's a good question . All I know is they launched this reactor into orbit . They used some kind of elaborate kinetic transfer system to draw the water and everything in it up to the reactor . Extraordinary . Why would anyone want to move an entire ocean ? Maybe there was some kind of disaster on the planet , or maybe it was just an experiment . That must have been a massive undertaking . Took them almost 200 years . I wonder what they 'd think if they knew we settled here and built another civilization . Actually , I think they 'd be pretty concerned . Oh ? This field reactor that they designed- - it 's a pretty amazing piece of technology- - durable ... I don 't think it 's responsible for the loss of containment . But as soon as we made the recalibration , the water stabilized . I don 't see what else it could be . Riga , your mining operations are destroying the ocean . You 'll never get into Starfleet Academy by playing with toys . Do your homework . Are you listening to me , Thomas ? Thomas Eugene Paris , I hereby reduce you to the rank of Ensign . And I sentence you to 30 years in solitary confinement . Go to your room , young man . That 's an order . Stay there and think about what I 've said . Tom ... Tom ... Tom , wake up . Bad dream ? Oh ... You could say that . You know , you look like hell . Thanks . How 'd you get past the guard ? The Vulcan neck pinch . Come to spring me ? Well , the Captain finally gave me permission to visit , but I 've only got a few minutes . That 's big of her . How are you doing ? Oh , 30 days ? No problem . How 's B 'Elanna ? She misses you . Yeah. I know the feeling . So , what have you been doing to pass the time ? Thinking and ... thinking . Trying not to think . Actually , I started recording a letter to my father . Really ? Yeah . For some reason , I ... I wanted to explain to him how I ended up in here . I didn 't want him to think ... Well , anyway , I realized how ridiculous it was . You should finish it . Give me one good reason . Maybe he 'll hear it someday . Doubtful . You 'll feel better getting it off your chest . Are you bucking for ship 's counselor , Harry ? What are you going to do , delete the letter ? That would be pointless . At least I 'm consistent . Tom ... Thanks for the visit , Harry . See you in 14 . What was it you once told me ? That your father used to say you never finished anything ? Resume recording . So , we told Consul Burkus about the alien field reactor and how his oxygen refineries were destroying it . He took the news pretty well ... at first . The Council 's very grateful for your help , Captain . They 've asked me to request the shield and thruster schematics for your Delta Flyer . We 're hoping to design a probe that 'll allow us to monitor the containment generator . Lieutenant Torres will give you everything you need . I 've also drawn up some designs for an oxygen replication system . It 'll allow you to create free oxygen without extricating it from the water . It won 't solve your problems overnight , but it 's a start . I 'm sure it 'll be very helpful . Our oxygen extraction levels are still dangerously high . I 'm going to recommend shutting down refineries four , five and six . We 'll take it under advisement . Well ... Captain , I wish you a safe journey . Well , we have a few more suggestions , if you 'd like to hear them . Please ... pass them along to Mr. Riga . He 'll include them in his report . I 'm curious . Who 's going to read that report ? It will be given to the subcommittees on life support and agriculture . Excuse me , Consul , I 'm not sure you understand the magnitude of the crisis . What you 're suggesting could take months . Thank you , Mr. Riga . You should listen to him . If you don 't make some serious changes around here soon , that ocean won 't be here much longer . As I said , we understand his concerns . Do you ? It seems to me like you 're just trying to sidestep the issue and send us on our way . With all due respect , who are you to tell us what to do with our ocean ? With all due respect , it 's not your ocean . Lieutenant . It 's all right , Captain . I 'd like to respond , but not as a diplomat as a Monean . You came here claiming you wanted to learn about our way of life , and now , having spent three days here , you 're suggesting we abandon it . We have an expression- - brine in the veins . Tell him what it means . It 's used to describe someone who has a special connection to the waters . My family has lived here for ten generations . We protected this ocean , cultivated it , lived in harmony with the animals that inhabit it . Can you say the same ? I didn 't think so . Good day , Captain . We can 't just let this go . What do you want me to do ? Of course . The almighty Prime Directive . Would you please excuse us , Lieutenant . See you later . I know you 're upset , Lieutenant , but when you 're in a room with me , you check that attitude at the door . Understood ? Captain ... We can 't expect an entire society to change because we think they should . - Then you agree with me . - Yes . And we gave them the help they asked for . We told them what we know . Now it 's up to them to do what they think is appropriate . You heard that consul . They 're not going to do a damn thing . Maybe not , but that 's their prerogative . - Captain ... - End of discussion , Lieutenant . At 1400 hours , we 'll resume a course for the Alpha Quadrant . is that clear ? is that clear ? As a bell . Hey . Here to stamp out intergalactic evil ? It 's funny . What ? I went on this mission expecting to play out a childhood fantasy , but along the way , when I realized that ocean would just be ... gone one day ... it started to matter to me . Sounds pretty stupid , huh ? No . No , it sounds like you 've found yourself a cause . I never thought of myself as a cause kind of guy . Well , for what it 's worth , I 'm proud of you . Thanks . But Captain Proton 's not going to be able to save the day this time , is he ? What about Tom Paris ? Council Chamber , please . Riga ... You 're dismissed , crewman . I want you to tell me honestly- - what do you think 's going to happen now ? I think the bureaucracy isn 't going to make more than token changes . Isn 't there anything else you can do ? I don 't see how . Other than taking the oxygen refineries off-line . What would happen- - hypothetically- - if someone were to shut down the refineries ? Well , I suppose they 'd have to be rebuilt . Yeah , and they 'd probably be more willing to redesign them while they 're at it . If nothing else , it would grab their attention . Are you suggesting ... ? I 'm just asking questions ... because I 'm not supposed to get involved in the internal affairs of alien worlds ... unless , of course , someone makes a direct request . If you can get me down there , I 'd be willing to do it . You 'd be risking your life . I know . Captain , there has just been an unauthorized launch from Shuttle Bay 1- - the Delta Flyer . Tom . Hail him . No response . Try a tractor beam . We 're out of range . We 're being hailed , Captain . It 's Consul Burkus . Your shuttlecraft has violated our borders . I demand an explanation . Mr. Paris is acting without authorization . To what end ? According to our scans , Mr. Riga is with him . I have to assume they intend to take some sort of ... radical action to protect the ocean . Then I presume you intend to take radical action to stop them . Warning . Hull pressure approaching critical . We 're going down too fast . It 's the only way we can outrun your ships . Janeway to Paris . Return to Voyager immediately . I 'm sorry , Captain . I can 't do that . Lieutenant , you are disobeying a direct order . I know . He cut us off . What the hell are they up to ? Looks like they 're heading directly beneath the industrial complex . Can we reach them with phasers ? Unadvisable . It would create a hydro-dynamic shock wave . What about an old-fashioned depth charge ? It should be possible to modify a photon torpedo . We could program it to detonate once it 's in proximity to the Delta Flyer . Do it . The torpedo is ready , Captain . However , the Delta Flyer has submerged below our targeting range . Consul Burkus , hailing again . On screen . Our refinery workers have been given five minutes to clear the structure . Was this the kind of evacuation you had in mind , Captain ? Can you get them out in time ? Yes , but ... Do it . I 'll find a way to protect your refinery . End transmission . Captain ! He descended to avoid attack . If my calculations are correct , he will have to come back up to a depth of 2,000 meters to strike his target . Giving us a window of opportunity . Precisely . Captain , this is Tom we 're talking about . We 're not going to open fire , are we ? As far as I 'm concerned , he forfeited his status as a protected member of this crew the second he launched that shuttle . How long till we reach our target ? 36 seconds . He 's started his ascent . Hail him . Go ahead . Lieutenant Paris , this is your final warning . He 's not responding . Arm the torpedo . 20 seconds to weapons range . Are you sure you want to go through with this ? You ? I 've taken you this far . We better arm that missile . Missile armed . Stand down , Mr. Paris , or I will open fire . Still no answer . Time . Ten seconds . Nine ... Eight ... seven ... six ... Five ... four ... three ... Two ... one . Fire . Fire ! The Flyer has been disabled . Their missile ? Deflected . Captain 's Log , Stardate 52179.4 . After salvaging the Delta Flyer , we 've resumed our course toward the Alpha Quadrant . I now have to turn my attention to a matter of discipline . Lieutenant Thomas Eugene Paris , you are guilty of insubordination , unauthorized use of a spacecraft , reckless endangerment and conduct unbecoming an officer . Do you have anything to say ? Riga needed my help . In doing so , you disobeyed my direct orders . Yes , ma 'am . You violated the protocols that govern this crew . Yes , ma 'am . You nearly caused an armed conflict with the Moneans . And frankly , you 're lucky to be standing here right now . I would have destroyed your shuttle if necessary . Yes , ma 'am . Permission to speak freely . Riga 's people weren 't going to listen . They were going to ignore our warnings . You don 't know that . Riga knew , and I was the only one who could help them . I understand your passion , but passion alone doesn 't give you the right to take matters into your own hands . Four years ago , I released you from prison and gave you a fresh start . Until now , you 've been a fine officer . Your service on this ship has been exemplary . I really believed you were past this kind of conduct . I 've never been very good at playing by the rules . That doesn 't mean that serving under your command hasn 't changed me- - for the better . At least this time , I broke the rules for a reason , for something I believed in . I admire your principles , Tom , but I can 't ignore what you 've done . I hereby reduce you to the rank of Ensign . And I sentence you to 30 days solitary confinement . Take Ensign Paris to the brig . I know the way . Rise and shine , Ensign . Your 30 days have been served . You may want to shave first . Yes , sir . Torres to Paris . Go ahead . Rumor has it that you 're free for dinner . Gee , I don 't know . Are you sure you want to be seen associating with an ex-con ? My quarters , 0700 . That 's an order , Ensign . Yes , ma 'am . Resume recording . Well , I 'm out now and back to my duties . I honestly don 't know if I 'll ever understand you or what went wrong between us , but I hope this letter helps you understand me a little better . Computer , file letter in my personal database ... and transmit when we 're within range of Earth .
