 Temporal incursion is complete . All organisms and manmade objects have been eradicated . Probe the continuum . Has our target event been achieved ? Negative . Negative target event . I don 't understand , sir . We spent months making these calculations . Time is patient ... so we must be patient with it . Eradicating a single Zahl colony wasn 't enough for a total restoration . We have to work on a larger scale . Take us to the Zahl homeworld . Prepare a new set of calculations . We must erase the entire species from time , every life - form ... every molecule . Space , the great unknown . Only now we 're going to know it a little better . Harry ? Before there were maps and globes , let alone radar and subspace sensors , mariners navigated by the stars . We 're returning to that tried - and - true method , but this time , there 's a difference . Ensign Kim and Seven of Nine have merged Starfleet and Borg ingenuity to create this new technology , and I 'm sure I speak for the entire crew when I say ... thank you . Now , how the hell does it work ? Astrometric sensors measure the radiative flux of up to three billion stars simultaneously . The computer then calculates our position relative to the center of the galaxy . This mapping technology is ten times more accurate than what we 've been using . Seven , will you do the honors ? We 've plotted a new course home . By my estimates , this trajectory will eliminate five years from your journey . Our journey . Nice work , Seven . That region of space we 're about to enter- - it looks like it has a lot of M - Class planets . It does . Spatial grid 005- - primary species : the Zahl . What do we know about this species ? Technologically advanced but nonconfrontational . Their resistance quotient is quite low . Thank you all for coming . We 've got a lot of work to do , so ... I 'd like to say a few words if I may . I 've prepared a speech for this occasion . When I was first activated on Stardate 48315 , and I found myself mano a mano with the Delta Quadrant , I didn 't think we 'd survive a week let alone three years . There was strife . There was discord . You were all at each others ' throats , but over time , I 've had the pleasure and pride of watching this crew learn to work together as colleagues , even friends . Here , here . Who would have thought that this eclectic group of voyagers could actually become a family ? Starfleet , Maquis , Klingon , Talaxian , hologram , Borg , even Mr. Paris . Granted , we 've had our share of difficulties . One might say , we 've seen the best of times and the worst of times . I 'd now like to recount some of those times from my unique perspective . Under the category of " best of times , " I invite you all to recall the moment when I ... Bridge to the Captain . Janeway here . We 're being hailed- - a vessel off the port bow . On our way . Well , perhaps we could all reconvene later . They 're firing on us , Captain . It 's a small vessel , 15 life - forms aboard . Low warp capacity , limited armaments . They pose no threat . Open a channel . Good day , sir . Have we offended you in some way ? You will reverse course immediately . This region is in dispute . You have no business in Krenim space . I was under the impression we were entering Zahl territory . The Zahl have no legitimate claim here . They have taken what is ours . Reverse course ... or be destroyed . With all due respect , unless you 've got something a little bigger in your torpedo tubes , I 'm not turning around , but I 'm certainly willing to discuss this issue with you . No discussion ! No compromise ! They are in retreat . His bark 's obviously worse than his bite . He seems rather intent . Let 's go to Yellow Alert . Maintain our course . Maybe the Zahl can give us some answers . As long as you travel in Zahl territory , you travel among friends . I apologize for your mishap with the Krenim . It was hardly traumatic . But I am curious- - the Krenim claim this region as their own . The Krenim dominated this space many years ago . They possessed deadly weapons based on temporal science , and it kept them in power for a long time , but a generation ago , we fought the Krenim . We defeated them and took back the planets that they had annexed , dismantled their military forces . Their ships still wander our territory making grandiose claims . Don 't let them trouble you . Now , tell me about Voyager- - a single ship alone , half a galaxy from home- - how exciting for you . Bridge to Captain . Sorry to interrupt , but the Krenim vessel is back . They 're demanding to speak with you . Hello again . You 've ignored our warnings , and now you consort with our enemy . Leave this space or I 'll seize your vessel and send you home in a cargo container . Gentlemen , please . Believe me , we 're not conspiring against you . Captain , there 's a spatial distortion heading toward us . Whatever it is , it 's huge- - five light - years across and it 's expanding . Tracking its origin . A vessel near the Zahl homeworld . What ? It appears to be a massive buildup of temporal energy- - some kind of space - time shock wave . Tom ? It 's destabilizing our warp field . I 've lost engines . Shields to full . Secure primary systems . All hands brace for impact . She 's dead . Shields at 17 percent . The Krenim are firing again . We 're being hailed . It 's about time . On screen . We 've done nothing to provoke these attacks . Your presence in our space is provocation enough . We 've been trying to communicate with your vessels , but the only answer I get is weapons fire . State your identity . Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship ... And your reason for violating our borders . We 're simply trying to get home . If you 'd kindly allow us to pass through ... No . You will submit to the Krenim Imperium . I would prefer to seize your vessel before it is too badly damaged . Surrender now and I will forego the execution of your crew . I don 't respond well to threats . Then prepare to be boarded . All hands , battle stations . This is turning into the week of hell . They 're charging weapons . Three seconds to impact . Evasive maneuvers . Direct hit to our secondary hull . I still don 't understand why these torpedoes are ripping right through our shields . Their weapons are chroniton - based . They 're penetrating our shields because they 're in a state of temporal flux . Then let 's exercise the better part of valor . Get us out of here , warp 6 . Warp 6 . No sign of pursuit . Damage report . 15 wounded . Main power is down . We 've lost environmental control on Decks 7 and 8 . The computer is off - line . Mr. Kim , do we have any sensors left ? Short - range only . Commander ... put the ship on 24 - hour Tactical Alert . Tuvok , analyze whatever data we 've got on those chroniton torpedoes . See if you can modify our shielding . When those Krenim attack again , I want to be ready . Enter . Sir , you were correct . The Zahl homeworld was the focal point . It 's erasure has produced a complete temporal restoration . Complete ? Yes , sir . If I told you to count the stars in the cosmos , would the task ever be complete ? Sir ? Our attempts may be sufficient . They may be even relatively successful , but they will never be complete . Choose your words with more precision . My apologies . What were the exact results ? The Krenim Imperium has been restored to power . Our territory now includes 849 inhabited worlds spanning 5 , 000 parsecs . Counter - indications ? Negligible . No superior enemy forces . No unexpected diseases . Calculations indicate a 98 percent restoration . Our race is thriving once again . The , uh ... the colony at Kyana Prime ... that was restored as well ? No , sir . In this timeline , the Imperium does not extend that far . Then our mission has failed . Begin calculations for the next incursion . Sir , we have just accomplished the impossible- - a 98 percent restoration . Another incursion , even a minor one , could undermine everything . We should dismantle this weapon and rejoin our people . No , not until every colony ... every individual ... every blade of grass is restored . You said yourself , our task will never be complete . Please , we should be satisfied with what we have accomplished . For 200 years , we have never come this close . Not close enough . If I may speak my thoughts . Many among the crew are convinced that you have lost your objectivity . They think your quest for ... precision is unrealistic . Sir ... we will never restore 100 percent of what we had . We can manipulate the time continuum for another ten centuries- - it will never happen . Return to your station and begin a new set of calculations . is that clear ? Perfectly . You surprise me , Obrist . After so many years , you still perceive time through conventional eyes . " Never " is a word that has no meaning here . As long as we stay on this vessel , protected from space - time , we have all eternity to accomplish our mission . Of course , sir . Return fire . Weapons are down . My attempt to modify the shielding was unsuccessful . Captain , during that last exchange we did some damage . The Krenim 's aft shields are down . They 're vulnerable . We 've got to hit them now ! With what ? Phaser banks are burned out . Torpedo launchers are off - line . Doctor to Bridge . We 've got a power overload in Sick Bay . I need an engineer down here right away . Stand by , Doctor . Harry , can you handle it from here ? No , sir . The overload 's spreading . Half that deck is going to blow in less than - five minutes . - Doctor , get your patients out of there . All hands , this is the Bridge . Emergency evacuation , Deck 5 . How many torpedoes do we have left ? Eleven . Arm four of them . Stand by to open the launch doors . We 're going to deploy them like mines . Aye , Captain . Tom , I need your finesse . Let the Krenim get within 5 , 000 meters of us . No problem . Keep moving . Quickly . Please , move quickly . Warning . Structural collapse in three minutes . Torpedoes armed and ready . They 're within range . Tuvok ... do it . Got 'em ! The conduits on Deck 5 are overloading . 30 seconds till they blow . Keep moving . Please , hurry . That 's it . Warning . Structural collapse in 20 seconds . 15 seconds ! Warning . Structural collapse in 10 seconds . Warning . Structural collapse in five ... four ... three ... two ... one . Report ! Sections 10 through 53 on Deck 5 ... are gone . Casualties ? Reports are coming in . 12 wounded- - many of them critically . The Doctor is setting up a triage facility in the Mess Hall . Two crew members were killed in the breach . Stand down Red Alert . Assemble a security team . Survey the ship deck by deck . I want a full damage report . I 'll be in my ready room . You have the Bridge ... what 's left of it . Come in . Sorry about the mess . You should see my place . They haven 't looked as bad since my old Academy days . is there something on your mind ? Yes , but you 're not going to like it . That 's never stopped you before . Broken . I 'll be blunt . Our strategy 's failing . It was a good idea to try and create temporal shielding , but it isn 't working . Not yet , but it will . With every attack , we gather more information about their chroniton weapons . How many more attacks will it take ? Before long , there won 't be a ship left to protect . We don 't have a choice . Maybe we do . Here comes the part I 'm not going to like . We should consider leaving the ship behind , breaking the crew into smaller groups- - escape pods , shuttles- - each one with its own course . If all goes well , we 'll rendezvous on the other side of Krenim space . Then what ? We 'll cross that bridge when we come to it , but at least we 'd be increasing our chances of survival . Abandon ship ? The answer 's no . I 'm not breaking up the family , Chakotay . We 're stronger as a team . One crew , one ship . The moment we split apart , we lose the ability to pool our talents . We become vulnerable . We 'll get picked off one by one . Now , I say we make our stand together . To be honest , I wasn 't too fond of the idea myself . As long as Voyager 's in one piece , we stay . We stay . This looks like it stayed in one piece . Where does this go ? My lucky teacup . Right over here . Red Alert . We 're under attack . Two Krenim warships off the port bow . When are they going to get us out of here ? Try to relax . Let 's get back to the game . Grace Kelly ... cat burglars ... the Riviera . Name the title ... and the male lead . To Catch a Thief . Right . Clark Gable . Wrong . Cary Grant . I 've seen the holographic version twice- - it 's Clark Gable . I think you 're getting them confused because they have the same initials. it was Grant . No more 20th - century entertainment . I 'm terrible at it . My turn . Category ... athletics . Fire away . A notorious athlete ... parrises ' squares , championship finals ... uh ... controversial decision . M 'Kota R 'Cho- - the first and only Klingon to ever play the game . During the finals of 2342 , one of the referees called a penalty against his team . R 'Cho strangled him . Impressive . You 're looking at a true sports aficionado . Let 's see ... how about interstellar history ? Oh , great . You pick the one subject I almost failed at the Academy . Go ahead and ask ... Hey , you all right ? Mm - hmm . It just ... hurts a little . It feels like we 've been here for days . Actually , it 's been about six hours . Try to hang on , B 'Elanna . The emergency crews are going to find us any minute . Come on , hurry up ! Go ahead and ask your stupid question , before I pass out and you don 't have anybody to play with . Okay . Um ... it 's a famous ship . Uh ... pre - warp civilization ... um ... Montana ... uh ... second stage had chemical engines . Another clue . Vulcans , um ... Earth ... first contact . Oh , right , right . Um ... uh ... uh ... Zephram Cochrane 's ship ... What was it called ? God , it 's on the tip of my tongue . Okay , okay . Here , you better lie down now . Enough trivia for now . No . No , I 'm going to get this one . Lieutenant . Ensign . It 's about time . What happened to the turbolift ? During the last attack , 19 main power relays were severed . The entire turbolift system is nonoperational . Get me to the Jefferies tube network on Deck 1 1 . The EPS manifold must have taken a hit , too . Seven of Nine can go take a look . We have to get you to the Doctor . All right . The Phoenix . What ? The correct response to your query . The vessel Ensign Kim was describing- - it was designated the Phoenix . Not bad . I didn 't realize you knew so much about Earth history . I don 't , but the Borg were present during those events . Really ? It 's a complicated story . Perhaps another time . I think so . Transverse bulkheads . We 've set up emergency force fields between all decks and every section . In the event of a cataclysmic breach , most of us will be protected . Ingenious . Actually , you can thank Mr. Paris . He came up with the idea . I was inspired by an ancient steamship- - the Titanic . The engineers of the day constructed a series of special bulkheads- - sort of like a honeycomb- - that would lower into place if they suffered a major hull breach . In theory , they could stay afloat even with half the ship filled with water . The Titanic ? As I recall , it sank . Well , let 's just say , I 've made a few improvements . I knew your fixation with history would come in handy someday . Good work . Doctor to Lieutenant Paris . Go ahead , Doc . Report to the Mess Hall at once . More wounded are on the way . I 'll be right there . I 'm a popular guy today . Seven of Nine to Tuvok . Tuvok here . There is an undetonated chroniton torpedo lodged in the starboard Jefferies tube on Deck 1 1 , Section 2 . The warhead is still active . Do not attempt to disarm it . Hold your position and wait for my arrival . is that clear ? Arrive quickly . I 've stopped the internal bleeding . You 're going to be okay . is that your expert opinion ? That 's a promise . I know . It still hurts . No , it 's all right . You 've got a ruptured vertebra . I 'll see if I can repair it . Mr. Paris , your assistance , please . Give me a minute . Now , Lieutenant . I 'll be right back . Don 't go anywhere . In case you hadn 't noticed , B 'Elanna is not the only patient here . She 's in pain . But no longer in danger of dying . That is the first rule of medical triage- - make sure the patient will live , then move on to the next one . Emotional detachment is essential . Otherwise , you risk impairing your judgment . I understand . You could be seeing more of your friends in here soon . If you can 't handle it , I 'll find another assistant . You can leave . " Physician , heal thyself . " What 's that supposed to mean ? Well , it seems to me that you 're the one who 's getting emotional around here . Several weeks ago , just before the conduits on Deck 5 breached , I saw Ensign Strickler and Crewman Emmanuel at the end of a corridor . They were ... trying to reach the Jefferies tube . I kept the hatch open , waited for them as long as I could- - but time ran out . I had no choice but to seal the hatch . That must have been very hard for you . My point is , it could have been worse . Had I lost my objectivity , I might have kept the hatch open and everyone would have perished . This man has damaged lung tissue . Treat him with inaprovaline . If we attempt to dislodge the torpedo or move it with the transporters , it will most likely detonate . Can we disarm it ? No . The warhead is already destabilizing . I estimate it will explode in less than two minutes . If we reroute emergency power to this junction , and erect a level - 10 force field , it should be enough to contain the explosion . We must hurry . If I can determine the exact temporal variance of this torpedo , it will help us perfect the temporal shielding . There is no time . We may never have this opportunity again . I am giving you an order . Now ! The temporal variance is 1 . 47 microseconds . Excellent work . But if you disobey my orders again , I will be forced to ... Captain 's Log , Stardate 51268 . 4 . This morning 's attack destroyed the power grid on Deck 1 1 . No casualties this time , but the replicator system was badly damaged . We 've gone to emergency rations . As a result , the situation has gotten a little worse . Environmental controls continue to fail . Seven decks have been rendered uninhabitable and we 've had to relocate the crew . Quarters are close , nerves are frayed , and I 'm not sure what 's more difficult to maintain- - Voyager 's systems or the crew 's morale . What 's important is that we 're together , working towards a single goal- - survival . Happy birthday . Happy what ? Today is May 20 . is it ? I thought we were still in April . Guess I 've lost track of the time . Well , this should help . It 's beautiful . 19th century- - mechanical movement . It 's a replica of the chronometer worn by Captain Cray of the British Navy . His ship was hit by a typhoon in the Pacific . Everyone back in England thought they were killed , but eight months later , Cray sailed his ship into London harbor . There wasn 't much left of it- - a few planks , half a sail , but he got his crew home . I appreciate the sentiment , but I can 't keep this . Recycle it . We can 't afford to waste energy on nonessentials . Kathryn , I replicated this months ago . I 've been saving it . I wanted you to have it . That watch represents a meal , a hypospray or a pair of boots . It could mean the difference between life and death one day . Enter . Reporting for duty , Lieutenant . What is our agenda ? After we make your customary rounds , I 'd like to take you to Deflector Control . I had an inspiration last night about the temporal shielding . Excellent . You 've been damaged . A minor laceration . I 've offered to assist you with your personal grooming . There are some tasks I would rather perform myself . Unacceptable . You 're risking further injury . Shaving is hardly a life - threatening activity . Tell me about your inspiration . We 've been trying to match our shields to the temporal variance of their torpedoes . But I believe we must also match the deflector array to the inverse of that variance . Fascinating . When will the deflectors be ready ? They 're ready now , but the modifications are untested . Then our rounds can wait . Take me to Deflector Control . Seven . Ensign . A friend of yours ? My ... cabin mate . As a Borg , I was accustomed to cohabitating with thousands of other drones . But I find it significantly more difficult to live with a single human . In what way ? Ensign Brooks is negligent . She leaves her equipment lying around the quarters and her clothing on the floor . lndeed. I have found that most humans are less than meticulous when it comes to their domestic habits . Indeed . Mr. Vulcan , sir . A tactical question if I may ? You may . We 're just about done rebuilding the internal security sensors and we 're ready to program the audio signal . Do you want it to say , " intruder alert " ? Or should we try something a little more dramatic like " warning , intruder alert " ? Or ... " intruders among us , danger ! Danger ! Intruders among us " ? " lntruder alert " will suffice . Yeah , go with a classic . Understood , sir . And you believe you have difficulties . All hands to battle stations . Krenim vessels approaching . Repeat : all hands to battle stations ! Go to Deflector Control and bring the new shields on line . We will test them in battle . Computer , activate tactile interface . Weapons status ? Phasers are still on line . Torpedo launchers are inoperative . The Krenim are within visual range . On screen . Seven 's modified temporal shields should be on line in a moment . It 's a warship . You know the routine . Evasive maneuvers . They 're matching course . Hold them off as long as you can . Bridge to Seven of Nine . Where are those shields ? Stand by . They 're charging weapons . Seven , we could use a little of that Borg efficiency right about now . I can 't shake them off ! They 're targeting the Bridge ! Temporal shielding is on line . They 're firing ! Full port thrusters ! Temporal shields are holding . No damage . Hail them . Channel open . Krenim vessels , this is the Captain of Voyager . You may have noticed we have a defense against your torpedoes now . I suggest you stand down . No response . Their mistake . Bring the ship about . We 're going through their space whether they like it or not . We are within range of the Garenor homeworld . Set temporal coordinates . Full power to the weapon . Prepare for total erasure of the species . Targeting the focal point . Ready . Fire . Temporal incursion in progress . Trace elements ? Diminishing . Counter - indications ? None so far . Organisms and structures are being eradicated . Track the temporal wave front as it passes through their system . I want to monitor every change in the timeline as it occurs . Yes , sir . Captain , the Krenim warship is in pursuit , but their weapons are not powered . Hmm . They don 't know what to do with us now that we 're shielded against their torpedoes . Captain , there 's some kind of spatial distortion heading toward us . Sensor readings are erratic . I can 't identify the phenomenon . What 's the source ? Unknown , but it originated approximately 20 light - years from our position . It looks like a shock wave in the fabric of space - time . Tom , get us out of here . We 'll never outrun it , Captain . Maybe our new shields will help . All hands , brace for impact . You were correct , Captain . The temporal shielding has protected us . The wave front has passed . Captain ? Report . It 's definitely a Krenim ship . identical hull markings , same biospectral frequency ... but it 's half the size . Limited fire power . What happened to the warship ? I 'm not picking it up on long - range sensors . It looks like this entire part of space has changed somehow . The last time I checked , this region was filled with Krenim colonies and vessels . I just ran a scan and sensors show no colonies and just a handful of Krenim ships . Harry , transfer all your sensor data about that shock wave to the Astrometrics Lab . Yes , ma 'am . Tell Seven of Nine to meet me there . Captain , Astrometrics took heavy damage a few days go . It 's off - line . Well , let 's get it back on line . It appears that the Krenim Imperium has vanished . Our troubles could be over and I 'd like to find out why . Something went wrong . The entire Krenim lmperium- - it 's reverted to a pre - warp state . Not possible . Our calculations were perfect . I may have an explanation . There 's an anomalous temporal reading 20 light - years from here . It 's coming from a vessel . What vessel ? Component 049 - beta , a ship called Voyager . That ship was classified as an inert component . It shouldn 't be generating a temporal field . But it is ... and it was enough to throw off our calculations . Take me to them . Sensors are on line . Power levels are stable . is the astrometric database still intact ? Yes . Display the scans we made of this region before the temporal shock wave hit . Spatial grid 005 . The Krenim lmperium- - over 200 star systems , 900 planets , thousands of warp - capable vessels and now ... after the shock wave , everything seems to have changed . Run a new scan . Spatial grid 005 . Same space , different configuration . Exactly as Chakotay said . The Imperium appears to have been reduced to a few planets , and a smattering of vessels . It appears that someone ... or something has altered history . But why weren 't we affected ? Perhaps we were protected from the changes by our temporal shielding . Mmm . So , the question remains : What caused that shock wave in the first place ? See if you can track it back to its origin . The shock wave emanated from a planet 20 light - years away . The Garenor homeworld . The Garenor ? We passed their planet three weeks ago . The planet is no longer populated . What ? Astrometric data indicate that the instant the shock wave appeared , the Garenor species vanished . Erased from history . Captain ? I 'm no authority on time travel . In fact , I 've made it my goal in life to avoid it , but ... this sounds to me like a causality paradox . Think about it . A temporal shock wave eliminates a single species and all of history changes as a result . An intriguing theory . Perhaps the Krenim are responsible . They do possess temporal technology . But why would they alter history to undermine themselves ? No , we 're still missing a big piece of the puzzle . Run another scan of the ... Scanning the vessel . Their defensive shielding is generating a level - 9 temporal disruption . Collect samples- - two life - forms , ten square meters of the hull . Yes , sir . Disable their shielding . Prepare to initiate a temporal incursion . That entire vessel 's in a state of temporal flux . It 's like they exist outside space - time . They 're scanning us . Get a lock on them ! I 'm trying , but I can 't isolate their signals . We are being hailed . On screen . State your identity . I 'm Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . Who are you , and where are my men ? I am Annorax of the Krenim Imperium . We 've transferred your crewmen to my vessel for further analysis . Your ship does not come from this Quadrant . We come from Earth- - a planet 65 , 000 light - years from here . We 're on our way home . I see . We 've been observing some rather ... unusual events in the region . It seems your Imperium ... never existed . Perhaps you could shed some light on this . That doesn 't concern you . What is important is that you understand that I bear you no hostility ... but you have diverted me from my mission . Your mission ? You 're responsible for the changes in the timeline . You 're a long way from your world . In a manner of speaking , so am I . Unfortunately , only one of us can go home again . Your sacrifice will restore the lives of countless millions . I 'm sorry . I 'm reading a massive energy buildup- - some kind of weapon . Shields . Temporal shields are weakening . Captain , that energy beam- - it 's pushing Voyager out of the space - time continuum . He 's trying to erase us from history . I have scanned their propulsion system . Their vessel 's mass prevents them from exceeding warp 6 . We can escape . Captain , I must remind you , our structural integrity is still impaired . If we go to warp now , the damage to Voyager will be extreme . What about Tom and Chakotay ? We 'll have to come back for them . All hands clear the outer sections and prepare for wide - scale breaches . Tuvok , activate the transverse bulkheads . Temporal shields are failing . Engage warp 7 . They 're not in pursuit . We are losing the outer hull . Transverse bulkheads are holding . Each of you has done your best , but determination alone isn 't going to hold this ship together . It 's time we faced reality . We 've lost nine decks . More than half the ship has been destroyed . Life support is nearly gone . Voyager can no longer sustain its crew . I promised myself that I would never give this order , that I would never break up this family , but asking you to stay ... would be asking you to die . You will proceed to the escape pods , and evacuate this vessel . Set your course for the Alpha Quadrant . Along the way , try to find allies . Secure faster ships if you can . Anything to get home . The senior staff and I will remain on board as long as possible . We will try , somehow , to rescue Tom and Chakotay . The escape pods are equipped with subspace beacons . That 's how we 'll keep track of you . When we find each other again- - and we will ... we will find each other again- - l expect all of you to be in one piece with some interesting stories to tell . Good luck .
