 Higher . Lieutenant , we 're already at 200,000 meters . You could thermalize at this altitude . I said higher . We 're at 300,000 meters . Level us off . Computer , disengage safety protocols . Warning . Disengaging safety protocols presents extreme risk of injury . Override . Acknowledged . Safety protocols have been disengaged . Drop the force field on my mark . Aye . Mark . Bridge to Torres . I don 't believe it . Report to Engineering on the double . Computer , end program . I was not aware that protective attire was required for this mission . I was on the holodeck- - orbital skydiving . Leaping from a spacecraft at exospheric altitudes . A curious form of recreation . The probe is ready for launch . However , there is still a problem with the telemetry link . Lieutenant ? is something wrong ? Actually , I 'm not feeling so well . Can you handle the launch without me ? You are putting me in charge ? Problem ? No . Just unexpected . Shall I inform the Doctor you are ill ? No . Don 't . Captain , someone 's locked on to our probe with a tractor beam . It looks like a Malon freighter . I had a feeling we hadn 't seen the last of them . Open a channel . Aye , Captain . Starship Voyager to the Malon vessel . That probe belongs to us . Release it immediately . No response . Tom , how fast can you get us there ? Two hours at least . They 'll be long gone . If we instruct the probe to emit a polaron burst , it could disrupt the tractor beam . Do it . The beam has been disabled . Harry , redirect the probe 's course . The Malon are in pursuit . That probe can 't outrun them . No . But we might be able to hide it from them . Captain ? The probe surveyed a class-6 gas giant this morning . I think we should send it back for a closer look . You 're going to steer the probe into a gas giant . Captain ... the atmospheric pressure will crush it . Not if the Borg shielding does its job . Hail them again . No response . Voyager to Malon vessel . Break off your pursuit . The probe is entering the giant 's upper atmosphere and the Malon vessel is following it in . The probe 's stuck in a deep layer of liquid hydrogen and methane about 10,000 kilometers below the outer atmosphere . It 's not responding to commands . Any good news ? It 's still intact . It can be repaired . If we can get it out of there . Sorry I 'm late . We were just discussing how to retrieve the probe . is there any possibility of transporting it out ? No . Just ... no . I don 't see how we could get close enough . is there any way to boost transporter range ? Not in that kind of atmosphere . Well , if we can 't transport it out , we 'll just have to fly in and grab it . Perhaps you weren 't paying attention when the Malon freighter imploded . We won 't be going in a Malon freighter , Tuvok . We 'll be going in our new shuttlecraft . Oh , here we go again . Let 's face it- - class-2 shuttles just don 't cut it in the Delta Quadrant . We 've needed something bigger and better since we got here . It 's time we built it . Tom , we 've been through this I don 't know how many times . We all appreciate your enthusiasm ... Speak for yourself , Commander . Bottom line- - we don 't have time to design and build a ship from scratch . I knew you were going to say that . So I 've given us a head start . Behold the Delta Flyer . Ultra-aerodynamic contours , retractable nacelles , parametallic hull plating , unimatrix shielding based on Tuvok 's brilliant design for the multispatial probe and a Borg-inspired weapon system . The basic design elements are ... adequate . High praise . If we used isomagnetic EPS conduits in the plasma manifold , we could maximize the power distribution . That 's the spirit , Harry . My shield designs could be successfully applied to a vessel of this size . Big of you to admit it , Tuvok . And you think it 'll be able to withstand the gas giant 's atmosphere . The probe did . I 'm impressed . But how quickly can it be built ? We could replicate the alloys and the new design components , use spare parts from storage . If we worked around the clock , we could have it up and running inside a week . I 'm willing to put in as much overtime as it takes . I will forgo regeneration for the duration of the project . What about you , B 'Elanna ? Building a new vessel from scratch- - that 's an engineer 's dream come true . What do you say , Captain ? Why are you all standing around ? Computer , add dynametric tail fins to the nacelles . Computer , delete dynametric tail fins . What 'd you do that for ? We are not designing a " hot rod , " Lieutenant . That is exactly what we 're designing- - a 24th century , warp-powered , ultra-responsive hot rod . Your embellishments are purely decorative . They serve no practical purpose . No , I beg to differ . If we make this thing look mean enough , other ships are going to think twice before taking us on . I suggest we return our attention to the matter of structural integrity . Agreed . Lieutenant Torres ' hull design is flawed . We should be using tetraburnium alloys instead of titanium . Uh , B 'Elanna ? Sounds fine to me . I 'm going to finish up the thruster specs . It 's open . Hey . Thruster specs . Thanks . Where you running off to ? My quarters . Stay a while . I 'll , uh , replicate some dinner , a bottle of burgundy . We deserve a break , don 't you think ? Not tonight . B 'Elanna ... what 's going on ? Nothing . Well , then how come it 's impossible to have a conversation with you ? I 'm sorry . I don 't want an apology . I want an explanation . Tom , I 'm tired . Asleep is more like it . You hardly said three words in that last meeting . And then when Seven changed your design , you acted like ... like you didn 't care . I guess I didn 't . I don 't get it . How many times have we talked about how great it would be to do what we 're doing now ? To really collaborate- - my piloting skills and your engineering expertise . We finally get the chance to create something together from the ground up and you 're not the slightest bit enthusiastic ? I 'm doing my job , aren 't I ? I delivered the thruster specs on schedule . B 'Elanna , I 'm not your boss . I 'm not questioning your productivity or keeping tabs on how many hours you put in . I just want to know what 's going on . I have to go . Computer , activate holodeck program Torres 2-1-6 . The program is active . Disengage safety protocols . Warning . Disengaging safety protocols presents extreme risk of injury . Override . Acknowledged . Safety protocols have been disengaged . Ooh ! Ensign , put us into a high orbit . I want to stay well-above that ionospheric turbulence . Aye , ma 'am . There 's the probe . 10,000 kilometers beneath all that methane but still intact . We 're not alone . I 'm reading massive theta radiation . It 's being dumped by a Malon freighter approaching from the far side of the planet . They 're hailing . Well , they 're more talkative than the last ones . Open a channel . Aye , sir . Leave orbit of this planet now . I don 't believe we 've been introduced . I 'm Captain Janeway . I know exactly who you are . You are the person responsible for the destruction of one of our freighters and the deaths of nine Malon citizens . I 'm very sorry that lives were lost , but you 're leaving out an important detail . Your people were trying to steal a probe from us . We warned them to stay away from the gas giant , but they didn 't listen . I 'm taking your probe as compensation for our losses . That 's going to be a little difficult . It 's stuck beneath the atmosphere of the same gas giant that crushed your other ship . My people are expert at salvage operations . Well , Mr ... . Vrelk . Controller Vrelk . Vrelk . We have a little expertise of our own . We 're a very determined crew . So my suggestion is that you leave orbit and in the future , if you come across anything that bears the insignia of the USS Voyager , head in the other direction . You are making a serious error . End transmission . Why would people in the business of toxic waste disposal be so anxious to get hold of a probe ? It 's not just any probe . It 's multispatial technology . Maybe they think it 'll help them find new places to dump their garbage . B 'Elanna . What a nice surprise . I was just getting ready to close . Business has been slow with so many people busy on the new shuttle . Oh . l-l was just hoping we could catch up . You want to catch up ? W-with me ? If you have the time . Are you kidding ? Yeah , we- - can I get you something ? Name your poison . Oh . Um ... Come on , B 'Elanna , I handed that one to you on a silver platter . Huh ? Name your poison ? I was expecting one of those scathing but affectionate insults you always make about my cooking . Sorry . You 'll feel wittier on a full stomach . So , uh , what 'll it be ? You know , actually ... I was hoping for banana pancakes . Huh. l-l-l don 't think I ever heard of banana pancakes before . My grandmother used to make them for me when I was a kid . It 's always put a smile on my face . Well , then ... one smile coming right up . Computer , one stack of banana pancakes . Smells delicious . Thanks . So how have you been ? Oh , just great . My security training is going really well . Tuvok told me the other day that I 'm , uh ... Not completely inept . Aren 't you going to try them ? Oh , sure . Well ? Delicious . I have to get back to work . What are they still doing here ? Apparently , they 're not willing to give up on the probe so easily . The question is : How do they expect to get their hands on it ? It 's reasonable to assume they 're waiting for us to retrieve the probe , at which time , they 'll attempt to steal it again . Maybe , but they have to know we 're prepared for that . If they were planning to fight , you 'd think they 'd call in reinforcements , try to outgun us . Sensors don 't show any other Malon ships in the area . Seven of Nine to the Captain . Janeway here . Report to the Astrometrics Lab . I have important information regarding the Malon vessel . Tuvok ? What have you got ? I 've been using coherent neutrino beams to document activity aboard the Malon freighter . In other words , you 've been spying on them . I 've made a troubling discovery . This is a polythermal image of an interior section of the alien ship . The shaded figures you see are Malon crew members . That appears to be a small ship . Correct . The Malon are constructing a spacecraft composed of tetraburnium alloys . Theoretically , such a ship would be capable of withstanding extreme atmospheric pressures . I 'll be damned . They 're going after the probe themselves . That 's not all , Captain . According to my projections , they will finish construction of their vessel at least 36 hours before we finish ours . Well , then ... I 'd say we 've got an old-fashioned space race on our hands . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We 've stepped up the pace of construction in order to finish our shuttle before the Malon finish theirs . According to Seven 's most recent intelligence , we 've gained some ground over the last 24 hours , putting us in a virtual dead heat with our competitors . I keep telling you we 've got to reinforce the hull with kellinite . That 's all there is to it . Proposing the same flawed strategy over and over again will not make it more effective , Ensign . Well , we 've got to come up with something or we 'll never get this thing off the ground . Vorik , turn that damn thing off . I can 't hear myself think . Sorry , sir . Look , we could spend weeks trying to solve this , but we 've got a ticking clock . Engines are working ; weapon systems are on line . I say we launch now and hope for the best . Mr. Paris , that is perhaps the most illogical statement you 've ever made . Unless we find a way to reconfigure the structural integrity field , the hull will incur microfractures during descent . Microfractures , Tuvok . Doesn 't necessarily mean we 'll have a hull breach . And if we do , I suppose these useless design elements from your " Captain Proton " scenario will compensate for the problem . Hey , every one of these knobs and levers is fully functional . And completely superfluous . Maybe to you . I am tired of tapping panels . For once , I want controls that let me actually feel the ship I 'm piloting . Where you going ? Holodeck . What for ? To find out if this microfracture problem is a fatal flaw . Computer , activate immersion shielding . Immersion shielding activated . Commence descent sequence . Range to probe- - 30,000 kilometers . 25,000 . Warning . Atmospheric pressure is exceeding tolerance levels . Rapid ascent recommended . Continue descent . Acknowledged . Range to probe- - 10,000 kilometers . Disengage safety protocols . Warning . Disengaging safety protocols presents extreme risk of injury . Override . Acknowledged . Safety protocols have been disengaged . Warning . Atmospheric pressure is exceeding tolerance levels . Reroute power from secondary systems to structural integrity . Acknowledged . Microfractures are present in zones one and four . The Malon are venting a theta radiation cloud . Our shields are down to 89 percent . Ensign , back us off . Vrelk is hailing . On screen . That was rude , wasn 't it ? But we still have quite a bit of antimatter waste to expel . I hope we didn 't damage your shields . Our shields are fine . Mmm . Well , we only ejected a small amount of waste this time . We still have much , much more to get rid of . Your shields may not be able to stand even higher levels of theta radiation . I 've already told you we 're not going anywhere . Let 's stop playing these games , Captain . You 've scanned my ship ; I 've scanned yours . We each know the other is building a vessel to retrieve the probe . What you don 't know is that my vessel will be ready to launch in less than two days . You 're too far behind . Well , if you 're so far ahead , why bother trying to scare us away ? Just trying to save you the embarrassment of losing . You think they 're really two days away ? He 's probably bluffing , but we 're not going to take any chances . We 've got to speed up construction somehow . We 'd also better find a way to shore up our shields in case Vrelk decides to do any more venting . Good idea . Janeway to Lieutenant Torres . Computer , locate Lieutenant Torres . Lieutenant Torres is in Holodeck 1 . Get down there . Warning . Hull microfractures are present in zones one , two , three and four . Hull breach is imminent . Repeat : Hull microfractures are present in zones one , two , three and four . Hull breach is imminent . Computer , freeze program . B 'Elanna . Chakotay to Sick Bay . Medical emergency . What am I doing here ? You had an accident on the holodeck . How long was I out ? Almost 12 hours . I 'd better get back to work . Not just yet . Why ? The Captain 's asked me to keep you here . But I feel fine . Would you excuse us , please , Doctor ? Captain , what 's going on ? When the Doctor examined you ... he found evidence of internal bleeding , fractured vertebrae , contusions , cranial trauma . I guess the accident was pretty serious . The injuries I 'm talking about didn 't happen recently . Some of them are weeks , even months old . Well , I 'm an engineer . I 've had my share of bumps and bruises . But you didn 't seek treatment for any of these . I don 't run to Sick Bay every time I stub my toe . Some of these injuries were life-threatening , B 'Elanna . Do I look like I 'm dying ? The Doctor says many of the wounds were treated ... by someone with the medical expertise of a first-year nursing student . Oh , that 's ridiculous . is it ? We investigated today 's accident . You turned off the safety protocols during the holo-simulation . Why ? We have a microfracture problem . With the safety protocols on , there 's no way to be sure what would happen during a real flight . You don 't really expect me to believe that , do you ? Are you calling me a liar ? According to the holodeck logs , you 've been spending a lot of time there over the last few months . If I were to check ... would I find that you 've been running other programs without safety protocols ? Would you like to look at my personal logs as well ? B 'Elanna , I 'm worried about you . If there 's something wrong , I want to help . Nothing 's wrong . Okay ? No. lt 's not okay . And until you decide to be more forthcoming , you 'll remain under the Doctor 's supervision , which means you 're off the shuttle project . I 'm sorry . I 'm not . Now I know there 's something wrong . Engines are operating at close to 90 percent efficiency . Seven 's got her new weapon system on line and if we can just solve that microfracture problem , we 'll be ready to go . Keep on it . Now ... let 's talk about B 'Elanna . Tom , you had no idea about these injuries or how she got them ? She never complained about being hurt . But then again , she 's barely speaking to me lately . It 's almost as if she 's been intentionally trying to hurt herself . You think all these injuries have been happening on the holodeck ? Well , where else ? If they 'd happened while she was working as she claims , somebody would 've filed an injury report . Any idea what sort of programs she 's been running ? You 're thinking the same thing I am . I hate to go digging around in someone 's personal holodeck programs , but if she won 't tell us what 's going on I don 't think we have much choice . Tom , what do you think ? He 's right . Start digging . I 'm sleeping . Oh . Hi . Hi . I thought you were the Doctor making a house call . He let you out of the cell block , huh ? He thinks familiar surroundings will help speed my recovery . Recovery from what ? That 's what I said . He thinks I 'm suffering from clinical depression . Are you depressed ? What are you , the new Ship 's Counselor ? No . Just a friend . This whole thing is so ridiculous . I don 't report a few scrapes and suddenly Janeway thinks there 's something wrong with me . Typical Starfleet , huh ? You have been running holodeck programs without safety protocols . A few . But I haven 't put anybody else at risk and it 's nothing that I can 't handle . Tell you what . What do you say you and I pay a little visit to the holodeck ? You can show me some of the programs you 've been running . Right now ? Sure . Maybe if I see what you 've been up to , I can convince the Captain there 's nothing to worry about . She 's taken away my holodeck privileges . Consider them restored . Computer , activate holoprogram Torres Zeta-1 . Program activated . What are you doing ? What ... ? Computer , freeze program . Computer , belay that command ! Turn it off ! Not until you tell me what it is . You know what it is ! Who 's this ? Li Paz . Don 't you recognize him ? Oh , I recognize them all . Meyer ... Nelson ... Sahreen . You created a program to watch all our Maquis friends get slaughtered . What I want to know is why . I thought we came down here to talk about safety protocols . This has nothing to do with that . I 'm not so sure . The logs show you only ran this program for 47 seconds- - the day after I gave you the news about the massacre . Then you shut it down and started running the most dangerous programs you could find with the safeties off . Why ? ! This is ridiculous . I 'm leaving . Computer , seal the doors . You can 't do this ! The hell I can 't . You 're not going anywhere until you tell me what 's going on . B 'Elanna ... why are you intentionally trying to hurt yourself ? I don 't know . Are you trying to commit suicide ? No . Then why ? Because ... because if I sprain my ankle , at least I feel something . What do you mean ? I 'm not trying to kill myself . I 'm trying to see if I 'm still alive . I don 't understand . When you look at those corpses ... how do you feel ? Sad . Angry . Maybe a little guilty that I wasn 't there to die with them . Not me . I don 't feel anything at all . B 'Elanna , the Maquis were like our adopted family . I can understand you trying to block out that kind of pain ... You don 't understand . It 's not just the pain . I don 't feel anything- - not about my dead friends , not about Tom ... you , my job . Maybe you 're afraid if you let yourself start to feel something , you might not be able to stop . You can 't just shut off your emotions , B 'Elanna . Sooner or later ... you 're going to have to let yourself grieve . Why ? Just so I can go through it all over again ? What are you talking about ? When I was six , my father walked out on me . When I was 19 , I got kicked out of Starfleet . A few years later , I got separated from the Maquis . And just when I start to feel safe , you tell me that all of our old friends have been slaughtered . The way I figure it , I 've lost every family I 've ever had . B 'Elanna ... you have a new family now ... here on Voyager and you 're not going to lose us . You 're stuck with us . You can 't promise me that . No , I suppose I can 't . Losing people is inevitable , and sometimes it happens sooner than we expect ... but I can promise you that the people on this ship aren 't about to let you stop living your life or break your neck on the holodeck . You 're going to have to find another way to deal with this . I don 't know how . Then we 'll figure it out ... together . Commander Chakotay , we 're under attack . Report to the Bridge immediately . You 'd better go . Why are they suddenly picking a fight ? I believe they 're attempting to distract us , Commander , while they launch their new shuttlecraft . The Malon vessel is 42,000 kilometers from the probe and closing . We can still catch them . Bridge to Lieutenant Paris . Paris here . We 've got to launch now if we 're going to get to the probe first . Are you ready ? Yes , ma 'am . I 'll begin the prelaunch sequence . What about the microfracture problem ? We 're keeping an eye on it , but we sure could use an extra hand . Chakotay 's on his way . Chakotay ... let me go . B 'Elanna , I 'm in a hurry . I am not out to get myself hurt if that 's what you 're thinking . I just want to do my job . I thought you weren 't interested in your job anymore . If that hull breaches , I should be there . I 'm still the best engineer we 've got . Not lately . I can do this . I need to do this . 40 seconds to launch . Powering impulse engines . Stand by to bring aft thrusters on line . B 'Elanna . I heard you might need some help keeping this thing from falling apart . Welcome aboard . Vorik , you 're in my seat . Excuse me , Lieutenant . 20 seconds to launch . Get that hatch closed . Hatch sealed . Give me aft thrusters . Aft thrusters enabled . Ten seconds . All right . Let 's see what this baby can do . Five ... four ... three ... two ... one . The Delta Flyer is away , Captain . How long till they overtake the Malon shuttle ? At present velocity , approximately three minutes . We 're in . Structural integrity 's at 92 percent . There 's the Malon shuttle- - 200 kilometers off the port bow and 3,000 kilometers from the probe . We 'll catch them . B 'Elanna , how 's the hull ? Structural integrity 's down about 12 percent . They 're launching spatial charges . Shields holding . They want to play dirty . Let 's show them what a little Borg-inspired weaponry can do . Acknowledged . Loading photonic missiles . We 've lost power to secondary systems . Fire . Three direct hits . They 're losing attitude control . They 're pulling up . Nice shooting , Seven . I 'm taking us down to the target . Harry , get ready to grab the probe . Still out of transport range . We 're losing integrity . 50 percent ... forty ... lf you can hold us together for another half a minute , we 'll be within range of the target . We still need to survive the ascent . One thing at a time . We 're losing structural integrity . It 's down to 25 percent . Harry , prepare to lock on . We 've got microfractures forming- - aft starboard hull zone two . I 've got a lock . Beaming the probe into the cargo hold . Got it . lnitiating rapid ascent . Harry , I need those secondary systems back on line . I can 't . They 're fried . Lieutenant , what are you doing ? Patching a hole before it opens . That 'll never hold . It 'll hold a minute or two , and with any luck , that 's all we need . Seven , take over here . I need an EPS relay . Uh , there 's one in the transporter control circuitry . The panel is sealed . Good . Get away from it . I need a phaser . Watch out . I don 't know if this is going to work . Glad you decided to come along . The Delta Flyer has docked . And the Malon ? They 're a little preoccupied . Seems their shuttlecraft 's having a problem climbing out of the gas giant 's atmosphere . Get us out of here , Ensign- - warp 2 . Aye , Captain . B 'Elanna . I heard you did a hell of a job . So ? How are you ? You mean am I back to my old charming self ? I don 't know . Give it time . Chakotay . What you did down in the holodeck today ... thanks . But if you ever do anything like that again , I 'll break your neck . Computer ... one stack of banana pancakes with maple syrup .
