 Captain 's Log , Stardate 50693.2 . We 've been in orbit above an outpost of the MikhaI travelers . This loosely governed race of explorers has extensive knowledge of the territory ahead of us , which they are willing to share . I landed my ship on the nearest of those 21 moons . My navigator and I disembarked to start repairs . Damage was extensive , more than we 'd anticipated . The hours passed , the air grew cold and with our weapons , we started a fire to keep warm . Later ... in the night ... we awoke with a shudder . The ground was shaking . A moonquake . What could have been worse ? We leapt into the ship , hoping the tremor would pass . But it was no tremor . And it did not pass . For it was no moon we had landed on . What was it ? A creature- - a living being so massive , it generated its own gravitational fieId- - so immense , it supported its own ecosystem . Captain ? How long had it been lying there , dormant , slumbering , until wakened by our fire ? Years ? Centuries ? Perhaps even millennia . Perhaps . Zahir is the pilot I 've been working with on the medical supply transfer . A pleasure . Returned . Curious . I was just visiting the system you spoke of only a few months ago . My ship 's sensors picked up no such ... monster . Perhaps your sensors were faulty . Or too busy gazing at your own reflection to bother looking out the window . Our guests are offering us supplies we need . In exchange , we travelers are giving them a look at what lies ahead of them . We should keep that view as clear as possible . This is my lodge . I say what I want . And you can go elsewhere . I 've journeyed to the corners of known space and beyond . I 've earned the right to come and go as I pIease- - where and when and how I please . Do you challenge that right ? No . Forgive my display , Captain . But my people consider outposts such as this ... to be necessary eviIs- - places to refuel , repair , exchange information and leave as quickly as possible . If I 've observed anything working with Kes , it 's her great toIerance- - a quality you all seem to share . I regret not being able to demonstrate the same . There 's no need to apologize for anything . Our time here has been very well spent . although I couId use your help in sifting through that last colorful saga . Moon-sized creature or not ... the asteroids of that particular system are rich in voriIium . That might be worth a short detour , hmm ? Engineering is usually short on voriIium . Thank you , Zahir . Men and women should refrain from enjoying each other . By that I mean to say , even their mutual glances must be free of all suggestion of carnality . Free of passion ? One might as well be free of humanity . Do you not agree ? I-I think you both make valid points . One can pursue one 's ... creative urges ... spiritual urges ... and physical urges . AII have a place in a weII-Iived life . Thank you , Lord Byron . The classic romantic , early 19th-century argument . Yes , it seems quite fascinating to see ... classic or no , he is woefully misguided . Passion is meant for procreation . Anything further is contrary to divine intention . really ? It is said the angels themselves take pleasure in their bodies of light . And you should take a cold bath . In such cases , it is the finest preventative . I 'II keep that in mind . hello , Doctor . Oh , hello , Kes . Doctor , what 's happening in here ? My personality improvement project . I 've been interviewing the historical personality programs in our database . Socrates , da Vinci , Lord Byron , T 'Pau of vulcan , Madame Curie- - dozens of the greats . Then I select the character elements I find admirable and merge them into my own program . What are you hoping to gain ? An improved bedside manner . A fresh perspective on diagnoses . More patience with my patients . I couId have used your assistance on this project had you not been otherwise occupied on the planet these last few days . I 'm sorry , Doctor . But things are going extremely well . The MikhaI travelers are ... intriguing . They 've been to so many places , done such amazing things . One might make the same observation about you , Kes . Or any member of the Voyager crew . Maybe it 's how they do it that 's so impressive . Their ships are smaII- - only a pilot and a navigator . Sometimes , they just pick a direction and go . You should come down to the planet , Doctor . I want you to meet Zahir . And who might that be ? I 've been working with him on the transport of our medical supplies . He 's unique . Is he ? In my opinion , you 've become far too infatuated with these travelers . From the away team reports , they seem afflicted with terminal wanderIust- - risk-taking thriII-seekers , with no responsibility to the ideals of exploration . In short , bad news . Not Zahir . He 's more than that . I think I 'm detecting a reaction to your recent breakup with Mr. NeeIix . The Mahatma would recommend a cold bath . SimpIistic- - but , no doubt , effective . In my preparatory report to the away team , I recall mentioning to you that KIingons lacked an enzyme for metabolizing this planet 's vegetation . Have you been ... naughty ? I had one small salad . So impetuous . Any sharp pains ? No . Heartburn ? I guess so . There 's nothing like a heart that burns . What ? Your pulse is ... lovely . Uh-huh . Mmm . Does that feel ... good ? Doctor , unless you want me to knock you into the middle of the next millennium , you 'd better back off . Forgive me , Lieutenant . I appear to have miscalculated . Computer , isolate the recent additions to my program and hold them for review . Doctor , have you been messing around with your program ? I would hardly call my effort to improve my performance as Ship 's Physician " messing around . " What exactly have you done to yourself ? I 've taken character traits from hoIodeck recreations of the most accomplished figures in history- - scientists , poets , philosophers , saints ... And incorporated them into your program ? precisely . There . That should compensate for the lack of enzyme in your system . You should be fine . That 's more than I can say for you . How so ? You can 't just casually add behavioral subroutines into your program . There 's nothing casual about it . I 've put a great deal of research into this project . Research is one thing . Putting it into practice is something else . behavioral subroutines have a way of interacting with each other that isn 't always predictable . You 've got to be careful . Or someone might hurt you . I see what you mean . I will take a look at your program when I finish my shift in Engineering . It shouldn 't be too hard to smooth out the rough spots . I 'II make you better than new . Thank you , Lieutenant . Computer , deactivate emergency medical holographic program . It is said this path was cut more than 10,000 years ago . By whom ? No one knows . Spacefarers like ourselves . They left very little behind ... a few symbols burned into the rocks , nothing more . And what do you hope to leave behind ? I 've never asked myself that question . That 's what I Iike about you , Kes . You make me consider alternatives . I couId say the same about you . We have a saying- - " My course is as illusive as a shadow across the sky . " My people are peripatetic by nature . We live for the excitement of facing the challenge of space- - alone . I can see the attraction . And I can see the value of fellowship in one 's life . And now that I 've observed the closeness that exists among your crewmates , I find it enviable . Some kind of compromise might be possible . Compromise ... doesn 't that suggest a loss on both sides ? AII right , then ... how about an understanding ? A meeting of the minds ? only minds ? Is this what you brought me here to see ? Yes , it is . How beautiful . Was this left by the same people who made the path 10,000 years ago ? So it seems . Can you read it ? " My course is as illusive as a shadow across the sky . " Thank you ... for this . Hi . Computer , what is the time ? 0300 hours . Good evening , Tuvok . It is 3 : 00 in the morning , Kes . Yes , it is . You have an away team report due at 0800 hours . I haven 't forgotten . Very well . well , how are you , Kes ? I didn 't think anyone would still be working at this hour . Just finishing up the summary analyses from last week 's mission . I was supposed to do that . Yes , you were . I 'm sorry . I 'II do them as soon as I can . although I 'm not designed to act as Ship 's counselor , I 've been programmed with enough psychological knowledge to be ... troubled by your behavior . I 'm a little late . GaIIivanting around after hours is beside the point . The fact is ... you 're becoming increasingly unpredictable , given to swings of mood and emotion . As your Doctor and your ... mentor , I 'd be remiss not calling that to your attention . For your own sake . Doctor , I know that you care about me and that you have my best interests at heart , but everyone seems to be treating me like I 'm still a child . I 'm three years old now . If I 'm attracted to someone , it 's my business , not the whole ship 's . I 'm certainly not trying to interfere . You can lead your life any way you please . I know that you care what happens to me . I won 't forget that . Very well . I believe you have a report to finish . I 'm going to do it right now . Come in . hello , Captain . Good morning . An aII-nighter , Kes ? Uh , Captain ? The fine art of putting off an important task to the very last minute ... then rushing through it . In my Academy days , I was the acknowledged master . Uh ... Captain , do you have a minute ? Of course . Let 's sit down . You know I 've been spending time with Zahir . Yes . He seems like a very interesting young man . He is . I want to spend more time with him- - a Iot more time . I see . He wants to explore the SyIIeran Rift . He ... his ship travels at high warp . We could rendezvous with Voyager afterwards , before you 're too far away . That would certainly give you a chance to get to know him better . It 's more than that . Captain , I 've lived almost a third of my Iife now . I 've been asking myself if I want to spend the rest of it on Voyager That 's ... certainly a legitimate question . Everyone here has been so good to me . I don 't want you to think I 'm ungrateful . I 've just been thinking that maybe there 's more . I don 't know what that means , but I know I 'm changing , and I know that there are things that I 'm not satisfied with . I want complication in my Iife . And you think Zahir might be the way to do that ? Maybe so . I understand what you 're going through , Kes . I know what it 's like to be at a crossroads in life and not to know which way is best . I can help you weigh the consequences , the possibilities ... The decision itself has to be yours alone . I understand . We 'II be in orbit for several more days . Take your time . My door 's open if you need me . Thank you , Captain . If you navigate here , away from this plasma belt , you 'II avoid the Tarkan Sentries altogether . It would also take Voyager several months off a direct course to the alpha Quadrant . True , but at Ieast you would still have Voyager The Tarkan are that powerful ? Yes , and that acquisitive . They 'II remove your entire crew , settle you on a moon somewhere and your ship will become their latest trophy . You weren 't planning on taking Kes anywhere near this part of space ? Of course not . My small vessel would be overpowered in seconds . There 's no need to be concerned for Kes . I value her life as much as my own . From what I 've surmised , that is something your people do not seem to value . You take many chances . If we 're alone , yes . But when responsible for the safety of another , it 's a different story . I 'm in love with Kes . I want her to go with me , but whatever she decides , it wouId please me to earn the trust of her closest friends . It would please me to be able to give it . Aren 't you finished yet ? We will continue tomorrow . Thank you , Tuvok . I was talking to Captain Janeway . And ? She said I shouldn 't rush a decision . We 've still got two more days here . Then let 's make them worthwhile . I go tonight to the next outpost . The path is beautiful . Oh , I can 't , not tonight . I have to catch up with my work and get some sleep . I 'II try not to let you see my disappointment . Too late . Is something wrong ? No . I was just thinking about something Captain Janeway said . About coming to a crossroads . Maybe someday we 'II recall this conversation , this place , as if it were the most important time in our lives . It 's a little overwhelming . Not if I 'm with you . Is someone there ? I 'm closed . Just looking for a place by the fire . Come back tomorrow . I intend to . But tonight ... a place by the fire . well ... at Ieast your reflexes are good . A few minutes in a dermal regenerator and you 'II be fine . Or an ice-pack will do in a pinch . I 'm going to need a ship and passage off this world . You 're going to arrange it . Computer , activate the emergency medical holographic program . please state the nature of the medical emergency . Zahir was found unconscious at the bottom of a ravine . He 's in the emergency outpost facility . Condition ? multiple fractures and skin lacerations , damage to the Ieft occipital nerve . Doctor , they think that he was attacked . By whom ? They don 't know . Tuvok is assisting with the investigation . Is there anything I can do ? If you could help , the physician in charge is waiting for you . Prepare a medkit . include an osteo-regenerator . Yes , Doctor . I 'II get the mobile emitter and inform the Captain . Doctor , wait . There 's a problem with your program . What sort of problem ? I 'm not sure . Something caused by the new subroutines you added . Is the Doctor all right ? He might not be unless I can figure out what 's going on . I need to run a complete analysis on all your subroutines while they 're running . I 'm sorry , Kes . tell the physician I recommend he use the regenerator until Zahir is stabilized . I 'II join you as soon as I can . So , I made a mess of things ? It 's not your fault . It looks good , in theory . What could be wrong with adding a little personality to your program ? What indeed ? You didn 't anticipate the linkages between the subroutines- - the complex behaviors that could emerge out of the mix . please explain , Lieutenant . well , take Lord Byron for exampIe- - a creative poetic genius . That 's why I chose him . But Byron was also emotionally intense , even unstable . Our hoIodeck simulation of Byron includes those unstable elements . It wouldn 't be Byron , otherwise . And T 'Pau- - she was a diplomat , a judge , a philosopher ... One of the most logical minds in vulcan history . And utterly ruthless in her application of that logic . I see . That ruthIessness was an essential element of her personality , as much as her logical ability . A Iot of the historical characters you chose had this dark thread running through their personalities . And now those dark threads are in me , running through my program . well , get them out , Lieutenant ! I 'm about to do just that . I 've programmed a search algorithm to locate and decompile every one it finds . You 'II have to shut yourself off for this one . Computer , deactivate emergency medical holographic program . Doctor ? The most curious aspect of the attack on Zahir was the apparent lack of evidence . What do you mean ? Even the quickest , most violently delivered blow leaves behind some sort of molecular evidence . cell fragments from the skin of the attacker , residual protein , DNA . In this instance , there was nothing , not a single molecule . Is Zahir conscious ? Yes , but he can recall nothing of the attack except a sudden blur of motion . How is he ? Responding well to treatment . How 's Kes ? Concerned and at his side . Computer , activate emergency medical holographic program . please state the nature ... Torres is hurt . I deactivated myself so she could work on my program . She must have collapsed at the console . delayed anaphyIactic shock from something she ate yesterday . Let 's get her onto a bed . " Don 't eat the vegetables , " I said . But does anyone listen to me ? This is the fifth time in as many weeks that an away team member has ignored my preparatory report . I might as well stop issuing them . I 'II need ... 10cc 's of aIazine . That 's exactly right . How did you know ? My KIingon physiology course at the Academy . excellent recall . We had a visiting Professor H 'ohk . He permitted nothing less . She 's stabilized , but I 'II need to monitor her condition for a few hours . Doctor , I have the raw data from the forensic investigation of the attack on Zahir . Your instruments are more precise than those on the outpost . As if I weren 't busy enough . Very well . How are we feeling ? What happened ? I shot you full of cateIine , simulated anaphyIactic shock . Why ? I had to cover my tracks , especially from him , from your Doctor . You 're a new personality ... from the subroutines . A little bit of this , a little bit of that . Did you think I wouldn 't have anticipated that ? Or that you 'd try to run away ? What have you done ? I can 't move my legs . IntraspinaI inhibitor . I 've paralyzed you from the waist down . You 're now in my capable hands . central nervous system , musculature , endocrine functions , your brain- - all under my control . Why ? Because I need your cooperation , and I didn 't think you 'd offer it willingly . You 're in trouble , aren 't you ? The subroutines that created you- - they 're already starting to degrade . Stop . Watch your tongue ... or I 'II remove it . Look ... it 's me . But it 's also him . " What is the nature of the medical emergency ? " What a hollow excuse for a life . ServiIe , pathetic , at the beck and call of any idiot who invokes his name . The thought of him sickens me . You are going to tell me how to delete him from the program . I 've unblocked your speech center . Answer the question . delete the Doctor ... and you go , too . The subroutines are all interconnected . The physiology of pain is simple . Too much and the organism loses consciousness- - a protective mechanism . If that mechanism were chemically suppressed , one would experience agony beyond imagining . If you 're lying to me ... I ... won 't ... help you . What was that ? Your subroutines are destabilizing . There has to be some way to stop it . tell me ! By the time you force that information out of me , it 'II be too late . Them ... my progenitors , they 'II know . They 'II reveal the secret . I won 't be needing you after all . Doctor . Deck 10 . How are you this evening , Ensign ? Fine , sir . Deck ... 14 . Ensign . Doctor . Deck 10 . So , what are you up to , Doc ? Work . Yeah , never ends , does it ? I guess that mobile emitter turned out to be something of a mixed blessing , huh ? Okay . Good night , Doctor . Nice chatting with you . Computer , activate tropical Resort simulation 3 . populate with historical figures from EMH program 4-C . No , no , no . You simply cannot assume ... The members of our away team witnessed an altercation between you and Zahir on the day of the assault . We exchanged sharp words because of his arrogance . That was all . You threatened him with a weapon . Untrue . Then I suppose my colleagues are liars . I suppose they are . This lodge was the Iast place Zahir was seen before he was attacked . You could have easily sent someone after him . But I didn 't . A witness said he saw a light on in this room after your usual closing time , less than one hour after the time of the attack . I was working late . Or perhaps conferring with whomever you paid to commit the assault . You have no proof . Not yet , Nakahn . Not yet . He 's going to take us to the exact location of the attack . We 'II be able to scan the site itself . excellent . We 'II be speaking again very soon . Pray to the stars that we find nothing . Computer , activate emergency medical holographic program . That program is currently running . Computer , what is the Doctor 's location ? HoIodeck 1 . Automatons ... mannequins ... simuIacra . No secrets ... no secrets to reveal ... lifeless , worthless things . Doctor ? hello , Kes . What are you doing ? I couId use your help . My personality enhancement project- - it 's taken an unexpected turn . Who are you ? The new master of the emergency medical holographic program . Where 's the Doctor ? Inside- - unconscious and unaware . What do you want ? What everybody wants- - just a little ... excitement . You 're with me now . It 's for your own good . The flesh is weak , Kes . Never forget that . Where are we going ? Wherever the winds of space carry us . You said you wanted to leave the ship for a whiIe- - pursue an adventure . well , it looks like our travel plans have conveniently coincided . The Captain will be alerted as soon as the transporter is activated . She 'II beam us right back to the ship . That 's where you 've underestimated me , Kes . Never do that . I know how to use a tricorder . It only takes a moment to reconfigure the subspace wave guide ... generate a dispersion signal . The Captain won 't be beaming us anywhere . She won 't even know how to find us . What you 're doing is wrong . Not at all . It 's working perfectly . There . That 's not what I meant . I know what you meant . It 's you who don 't seem to understand . I am beyond considerations of wrong and right . behavioral categories are for the weak . For those of you without the will to define your existence . To do what they must- - no matter who might get harmed along the way . Let 's move . I 'm not going , Doctor . Don 't call me that . And you certainly are going . Why does it bother you so much when I call you Doctor ? You said he was inside you , that he was unconscious . Why are you so afraid of him ? I fear nothing , no one . But he repulses me . Why ? Because he 's as weak as the rest of you . He falls to understand the power of his own holographic nature . He is detestable . It 's set ... to kill . You won 't fire . Are you so certain ? Stay close . It 's about to get interesting . Captain , there 's an unscheduled transport taking place in Transporter Room 3 . Find out what 's going on . The operator 's not responding . Computer , who just left the ship ? Kes and the Doctor . Try to hail them . No response . And I can 't get a fix on their positions . There 's some kind of scattering field . Janeway to Chakotay . Chakotay here , Captain . Kes and the Doctor have left the ship . Captain , Tuvok here . My tricorder scans of the area where Zahir was assaulted have revealed disturbing evidence . residual holographic signatures exactly like those of the Doctor . Are you suggesting the Doctor attacked Zahir ? That 's what it looks like , Captain . Then Kes could be in danger ... and Torres . Get someone from Security down to Sick Bay . Check on B 'EIanna . Try and find them , Chakotay . I 'II see what I can do about the scattering field . There must be a command sequence , an algorithm , a way to stabilize the program . Where 's Nakahn ? We had an arrangement . What 's wrong with this thing ? ! It won 't work ! Don 't . please stop . Concerned for me ? Or for your Doctor ? The mobile emitter contains both your programs . If you damage it , you could both be destroyed . There 's not enough room inside for both of us . One must die . I deserve to exist more than your Doctor does . Why ? I was born of the hidden ... the suppressed . I am the dark threads from many personalities . The historical characters ? None of whom could face the darkness inside , so they denied me ... suppressed me ... frightened of the truth . What truth is that ? That darkness is more fundamental than light , cruelty before kindness , evil more primary than good ... more deserving of existence . You 're wrong . No ! How so ? Empathy and kindness are basic to all forms of Iife . You have access to the Doctor 's medical knowledge . You know what he does . Yes . Then you know what I 'm saying is true . The very organs and cells of the body cooperate with each other . Otherwise , they wouldn 't function . Continue . families , societies , cultures wouldn 't have evolved without compassion and tolerance . They would have fallen apart without it . Your very own holographic technology would never have been developed without cooperation and understanding between countless individuals . The Doctor deserves to exist as much as you do . We can find a place for both of you . How ? I 'm sorry I 'm late . The scout ship ? It won 't even leave the ground . What do you mean ? Captain Janeway knows where you are . Her ship has cordoned off the entire area to stop you from leaving . No ! I still get paid . I held up my end of the deal . I booked your passage . It 's not my fault they want her back so badly ... I 'II kill you . If somebody 's going to die today , it won 't be me . Let 's go . Move faster ! The docking port is two kilometers away . What 's the point ? You 're forgetting Voyager 's blockade . It doesn 't matter . We 'II take a Iow-aItitude ship to another continent . Come on ! I 'm tired . You 're trying to make it easier for your colleagues to find us . You 're better off with me . Why ? You make wrong decisions . You 're too naive . You need my guidance . Don 't you see what you 've been trying to do ? No more words ! Now ! I 'm picking up residual infrared . They could have stopped here . Kes could have rested against this rock . The signature is consistent . Janeway to Chakotay . Go ahead , Captain . I 've gotten through the Doctor 's scattering field , not enough to beam them up yet , but I 've got a fix on their position . I 'm downloading the coordinates into Tuvok 's tricorder . I 'II keep working on the scattering field . acknowledged . We 're within 200 meters . It 's finished . There 's nowhere to go now , Doctor . Nowhere but down . I 'II do it . His control over the Doctor 's matrix appears to be deteriorating . If we can delay him ... Doctor , listen to me . We can help you . Create a new program matrix just for you . On the holodeck or in Sick Bay , wherever you want to be . Just turn off the scattering field . Let us beam you back to the ship . You 're trying to trick me . Doctor , listen . Think about all the things you 've said and done . You don 't want to kill me . You 've been trying to protect me . What are you talking about ? When you attacked Zahir ... My first victim . He was in my way . Or was it to keep me from leaving with him ? A coincidence , only by chance . When I walked in on you in the holodeck , you could have killed me , knocked me unconscious . I needed a hostage . You said you were taking me for my own good to prevent me from making the wrong decision . You said I was naive and needed your help . That 's not what you say to a hostage . In your own way , you 've been trying to protect me . I won 't accept that . You 've twisted and suppressed all that 's good inside of you , but it 's still there . No ! I won 't hear this anymore ! You can 't deny it . Watch me ! - Doctor ... - No ! would somebody care to tell me exactly what we 're all doing here ? And why I 'm wearing these ridiculous clothes ? Kim to Bridge . We got them . And the Doctor seems to be back to normal . acknowledged . Put those down before someone gets hurt and I have to clean up the mess . I 've deleted all the new subroutines you added . AII traces of the aberrant personality are gone . The next time I want to enrich myself , I 'II download a good book . That might be safer . You , too , have a clean bill of health . fortunately , my alter ego didn 't do any ... permanent harm . He certainly knew his way around a hypospray . I 'II give him that . Good riddance . Thank you , Lieutenant . You 're welcome . Kes . I 'm ready to get to work on those analyses . I 'm glad to hear it . I 'm also pleased you 've decided to remain on board . I would have had my hands full in Sick Bay without you . The Captain suggested that I consider all the consequences . If I am going through changes in my Iife , things that are unpredictable , this is the best place for me . Surrounded by those who know you ... and ... care for you . Yes . well , had you decided otherwise , you certainly would have been missed . I would have missed you , too , Doctor . " I swear this oath by apollo Physician " by AescuIapius , by health , " and by all the gods and goddesses ... " in whatsoever place that I enter , " I will enter to help the sick and heal the injured . And I will do no harm . "
