 Last time on Star Trek : Voyager Chakotay , they 're going to take your son . When CuIIuh saw the baby wasn 't his ... please , Chakotay , help us- - not for me , for your son . I told you to stay out of here . No ! I have a duty to this crew . I can 't just leave and go looking for the child . And I 'd never consider letting you go into a Kazon-Nistrim stronghold by yourself . Captain , if I can get a shuttle through the crossfire , I can go back and bring the TaIaxians to help us . We 're being boarded through the shuttle bays , Captain . Stay where you are ! Don 't move ! hold your fire . Computer , activate medical holographic recall . Set for 12 hours . Mark . A fitting end for a people who would not share their technology . Let 's see if you manage to survive ... without it . We 'II divide the crew into teams . Each of you will be a team leader . Make it clear to all your people that we expect to be rescued . And now , the conclusion . Let me help you . No , really , I 'm all right . Don 't push yourself . That goes for everyone . Perspiring wastes water . AII right , people , follow me . Let 's take it slow . This is the most defensible location we 've seen so far . The overhang should provide us with shelter , and the breeze should keep insects away . AII right , Iet 's make camp . NeeIix , look at this . They almost look constructed . Maybe the people on this world are cave dwellers . If that 's true , I 'd say this is a " do not disturb " sign . WouIdn 't you ? They look humanoid . We might be able to use these as tools or weapons . Gather them up , Mr. Hogan . Is there a problem ? No , sir . Do you want all of them ? Waste nothing . That 's one of the first rules of survival . NeeIix , over here ! Hogan ! Computer , repeat stabilizer diagnostic . Damage has been detected in the stabilizer acceleration sensors . I just repaired the acceleration sensors . Warning . vessel approaching on intercept course . Signature . Kazon patrol vessel . Damn it , I don 't have time for this . I don 't have time for this ! Computer , all stop . Engage impulse . told you , I don 't have time for this . It 's all that left of Hogan 's uniform , Captain . We didn 't find anything else . This is my fault . If I hadn 't told Hogan to pick up those bones ... You shouldn 't blame yourself , NeeIix . Stop it . There 's no time to worry about blame . Hogan was a fine officer and a good man . And our job is to make sure his death is the Iast one for a Iong time . I will not let this planet destroy my crew . Kes , see to it that everyone knows the tunnels are off limits . I want clear safety protocols established . Mr. Tuvok , we need weapons . I have already begun to design some rudimentary devices , Captain . What 's our food and water status ? I know it sounds grisly , but I can make solar stills with the material from this uniform . We could have water tomorrow . Do it . Captain , none of the search teams were able to find plants of any nutritional value . Then tell the crew to start turning over rocks . If anyone baIks at eating these , tell them it 's an order from their Captain . They may be the difference between life and death . Activate emergency medical holographic program . please state the nature of the medical emergency . hello , Doctor . Remember me ? How could I forget such an intriguing medical mystery ? A Bajoran crewman with a Cardassian physiology . A Bajoran crewman with a Cardassian physiology . How are you , Seska ? I see we have a new passenger . Doctor , I have to inform you about a change of command . I 'm curious how you 'II react . The Kazon-Nistrim have taken Voyager How interesting . Does your program have any problem with that ? One humanoid is pretty much the same as another from a holographic point of view . I 'm programmed to provide medical care to anyone who needs it . tell me , is it within your program 's capabilities to lie or be deceptive ? I 've learned that a bedside manner occasionally requires me to- - how shall I put it ? - - soft-pedaI the truth . But baId-faced lying , calculated deceit- - I don 't have much experience with that sort of thing . But my program is adaptive . If you really need me to be deceptive , I 'm sure I couId learn . That 's not exactly what I meant . I think we 'II keep you just as you are . As you wish . Your baby 's in good health . Oh , you don 't know how primitive Kazon medicine is . I 'm sure Chakotay would be glad to know you 're looking after his son . Chakotay 's son ? That isn 't Chakotay 's son . But you 're wrong , Doctor . I impregnated myself with his DNA . That may have been your intention ... but it certainly wasn 't the result . Here . See for yourself . Your child has Cardassian DNA strands here and Kazon DNA here . Human DNA has a significantly different nucleotide sequence . But I was so certain . He looks ... He 's the first offspring of a Cardassian and a Kazon . We have no frame of reference by which to judge his initial appearance . Perhaps he will develop more Kazon features as he matures . Maje CuIIuh will be so pleased . End medical holographic program . medical Log , Stardate 50032.7 . I have determined that Commander Chakotay is not the father of Seska 's child . I only wish there was some way to inform him . What am I supposed to do- - lead a revolt with the gang from Sandrine 's ? Conjure up holograms of Nathan HaIe and Che Guevara ? I 'm a Doctor , not a counterinsurgent . Get ahold of yourself . You 're not just a hologram . You 're a starfleet hologram . Maybe ... maybe I couId access a tactical database- - teach myself guerrilla warfare . But that would take time . Computer , what is the crew complement ? There are 89 Kazon ... Eighty-nine ... and one Betazoid on board . What did you say ? Betazoid ? There is one Betazoid on board . Where ? Who ? please restate a single question . Who is it ? Crewman Lon Suder . Suder ? Where is he ? Between Decks 8 and 9 . Doctor to Suder . Yes . Yes , Doctor , I hear you . The ship has been taken over by the Kazon-Nistrim . I know . I 've been hiding . Can you make it to Sick Bay ? I think so . Computer , emergency medical priority 1-1-4 . delete the signature of Mr. Suder 's combadge from the system . There is to be no record of his being on board . HuddIe together in groups . That 'II preserve body heat . This is no time to be shy . Tuvok ... Captain , how do you Iike your eggs ? We found a nest about two kilometers away . And that 's not aII- - cucumbers , or something like them . There are vines full of them two hours from here . Take them to NeeIix and tell him to hold off on the beetle stew , at Ieast for the time being . How 's she doing , Samantha ? I don 't know , Captain . She seems tired , listless . Maybe she 's just adjusting to the environment . After all , she was born in space . Make sure you stay close to the fire ... as soon as we have one . Trapped on a barren planet and you 're stuck with the only Indian in the universe who can 't start a fire by rubbing two sticks together . I was never good at this as a child and I 'm still not good at it . Don 't be so hard on yourself . None of the others have had any success with it either . Must be the wood . We need kindIing of some sort . What ? Something my father once told me about starting a fire . There you go . If we put some bigger rocks around the fire , they 'II reflect the heat better . I 'm going to go get some . NeeIix . You shouldn 't go too far away from camp . Voyager 's been taken by the Kazon-Nistrim . They 're flooding every subspace frequency with the news . Is there any word on the crew ? I 'm afraid not . If you can help me with repairs , we can be on our way in a few hours . Lieutenant ... our ships are no match for Voyager and your shuttIecraft can hardly be ... Commander Paxim , my people are counting on you . Look , no one knows Voyager like I do . I know every vulnerability , every blind spot . Don 't worry . I have a plan . Very well . We 'II rendezvous in an hour . Paxim out . One hour . I should be able to come up with some kind of plan in one hour . I was beginning to think you 'd gotten lost . I 'm sorry . They 're still repairing the ship . I had to be careful . We have no time to waste . According to the computer , we 're at warp . We 've got to figure out some way to slow the ship down before we get too far from the crew . That would seem to be our first priority . And then we have to get some weapons ... Mr. Suder , are you listening to me ? Yes . Oh . I see . Perhaps you consider this ... an opportunity . Opportunity ? To obtain your freedom from confinement . How foolish of me to think you would want to help . You 're wrong . I do want to help . Then ... what ? I 'm going to have to kill some of them . It is possible . violence might be required to retake the ship . I 've worked so ... so hard over the Iast few months ... to control the violent feelings . I 'm almost at peace with myself . I mean , I see the day coming when I couId be . Mr. Suder ... if Lieutenant Tuvok were here , I know he would tell you there are times when violence is required to defend yourself , to defend your ship , to defend your crew . Yes . There is a logical use for violence for everyone else . With me , once it begins ... We must do this together , Mr. Suder . If you don 't trust yourself yet , then trust me . I will help you any way I can . One hologram and one sociopath may not be much of a match for the Kazon , but ... we 'II have to do . There are signs of a struggle near the edge of camp . I found alien tracks . We can 't wait until morning to go after them . well , I 'm better at tracking than starting fires . I 've completed a few weapons that might be appropriate , Commander . This is thoughtful of you , Tuvok . But my tribe never used bows and arrows and I 've never even shot one . This is mine . I taught archery science for several years at the vulcan Institute of Defensive Arts . Take as many crew members as you need . Tus Filhin hissen Now , see here . You just keep your hands off her . Toru hin ! Dart hin cahi Filhir Tirk hir pahin ! Shod ! Kuwissu hir Shod ! Commander , thank goodness . Are you all right ? They haven 't hurt us . Have you been able to tell if they have a leader ? I 'd say it 's the one with the claw . I agree . The other two seem to be trying to figure out what to make of us . In a manner of speaking , not in a culinary sense , I hope . Listen to the sound of my voice and you 'II know that I mean you no harm . I come without weapons . But I must have my people back . Shod ! Kuwissu hir ! Toru hin ! Toru hin ! Lam ! Tolun kusettun hatru Thank you ... but she should stay with you . I must take them with me . Korto ! Korido koti hin ! Dert hissen sahk ! Stand ? certainly , I 'II be happy to stand . Over here . Fine . Chim kan issen sahk What ? No . No . No ! That is unacceptable . Kes , stand up slowly and walk away with us . We have to go now . Kuharin Tectisin ! Just keep walking . Don 't look back . Kha hin ! In there ! Commander , that looks just like the tunnel where Hogan ... I know . If they know it , too , they won 't follow us in . Come on ! You 'd think this crew had never seen a warp drive before . No one tried to adjust the antimatter flow today ? No one . If you 're lying , I 'II have your head . I swear it , Maje . There should have been some warning before the antimatter injector froze- - a drop in core temperature , a magnetic constriction aIarm- - something . He 's either lying or ... Or what ? Computer , run a IeveI-1 scan for intruders . unable to comply . internal scanner relays have been damaged . I thought you said all repairs were complete . They were . I thought they were . I want a deck-by-deck search of all Jefferies tubes and conduits . Use the Federation tricorders . Do you have a portable thoron generator ? Yes , of course . We use it to treat radiation burns . It 's an old Maquis trick . Thoron particles neutralize tricorder sensors . Mr. Suder , we need some weapons if we 're going to retake the ship . She has a fever . I don 't know what to do . Let me get her some water . The baby needs water . Those tremors seem to be getting stronger . Chakotay 's team should have been back by now . We better look for them before it gets too hot . Get a few people together . I 'II join you in a second . Come on . We have to see if there 's another way out of here . I feel a breeze . It 's coming from this way . Do you really think Commander Chakotay would go in there after what happened to Hogan ? He may have had no other choice . How do we get them away from the tunnels ? A couple of phaser blasts would do the trick . Who are the fastest runners here ? I was on the decathlon team before I quit the Academy . The track and field coach was furious with me . Anyone else here who can run ? Yeah . Okay , you three will be the sprint team . Once you reach our camp , you should be safe . Which way do you Iike , Tuvok ? From a tactical point of view , the options are not encouraging . However , moving past the creature might lead us to an exit . AII right , Iet 's take it slow . single file . Hey , up here ! - Come on ! - Up here ! You want us ? You want us , come and get us . Come on , come and get us . pull this . Look out ! Chakotay ! Tuvok ! The tunnel is clear . Go ! Everybody out ! Move ! Let 's go ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Chakotay , a spear . Go , go , go ! Come on , come on , go . Come on . I don 't understand it . Thoron particles are leaking into the conduits from somewhere . I can 't get any other readings . Check the next level . Yes , sir . Incoming subspace message on the emergency medical holographic channel . On the emergency channel ? Doc , I hope you 're receiving this because if you 're not , I 'm a dead duck . I 'm piggy-backing this message on a fake Kazon signal I 'm sending to the Bridge . I 'm betting they won 't be monitoring your emergency medical channel . I 'm bringing help . But you have to do something for us . When the attack begins , I need you to get the computer to block the discharge from the backup phaser power couplings . You got that ? The backup couplings . I 'm taking out the primary couplings myself , but I need those backups to overload when they switch to them . Don 't do anything until the attack begins or they might notice . That 's it for now . I 'II be seeing you soon . I hope . Good news . help is on the way . Mr. Paris apparently was able to ... Oh . I didn 't know what to do . I didn 't think I should leave him there where they could find him . Of course . You were smart to bring him here . We can put him in a stasis drawer . well , we have weapons now . You did what was necessary , Mr. Suder . Five cc 's of improvoIine will help you calm down . No . No drugs . I just need to breathe- - see the light that is my breath . We just received a message from our patrol ship . They 've tracked down the shuttle from Voyager and destroyed it . Were two people on board ? They didn 't say . Two people were unaccounted for when we captured the crew . Have they found any evidence of an intruder on board ? No . But the search has been slowed down by a thoron particle leak . Thoron particles ? That 's an old Maquis trick to fool tricorders . After what transpired , I believe we have to prepare ourselves for an alien attack , Captain . Our priority should be to increase the weapons arsenal , and to begin training everyone in the use of these weapons . I don 't like the sound of that , Lieutenant . We may have to coexist with these aliens a Iong time . nevertheless . I agree with the Captain . We have to find a way to share this world with them . You may find nobility in the savage , Commander , but he is only interested in killing you . I don 't believe that . Captain ! The baby is very sick . She 's having trouble breathing . She has a high fever . There 's nothing more I can do for her . Captain ! I think our top priority has just been dictated . Break camp . We 've got to get out of here before it blows . Why are you still here ? I shut down your program when I Ieft . You must be mistaken . Where 's your thoron generator ? It was damaged on a recent away mission and left behind . Who else from Voyager is on board ? I wouldn 't know . I don 't believe you . There are several dozen crewmen on board actually , and they have been working ' round the clock to sabotage your vessel . That 's a lie . At most , there is one and I believe it is a Maquis crewman . Yes , of course . You 're right . It is one of the Maquis . I won 't play these games with a trick of light . Sticks and stones won 't break my bones , so you can imagine how I feel about being called names . I don 't believe you could have sabotaged this ship alone . Very well . Since you are obviously about to disable my program anyway , let me take the credit I deserve . I did sabotage the ship all by myself with the computer 's help , of course . As a matter of fact , one of your crewmen came in unexpectedly and caught me in the act . You killed him ? He left me no choice . Why create a thoron leak if you 're not hiding someone ? I would think it 's obvious . To make you believe I was hiding someone . I 've had your people crawling through the bowels of this ship for hours , looking for an intruder . You 're more talented in the art of deception than you led me to believe . I was inspired by the presence of a master . Computer , access CuIIuh-0-1 . Disregard all voice commands from StarfIeet personnel . Security lockout . Seska to Bridge . What 's going on ? A couple of TaIaxian ships have fired on us . Nothing to worry about . Good-bye , Doctor . I 'd rather not take any more chances . Doctor ? Activate emergency medical holographic program . unable to respond . AII StarfIeet voice access has been canceled . Mr. Suder , if you are hearing this , you have just unsuccessfully attempted to access the emergency medical program . I have programmed this message to play in the event that I have been disabled . This means , of course , that the fate of Voyager now depends solely on you . I can imagine how you must feel at this moment . I want you to know you have my full confidence . You have already shown great courage and dedication to your crew . I have left an additional message for Captain Janeway and Lieutenant Tuvok noting your heroism in case I am ... irretrievabIe . You know what you have to do and when to do it . And I know that , with our fate in your hands , we will prevail . Good luck , Mr. Suder . The TaIaxians are retreating toward the nebula . We 'II teach them the price for attacking the Nistrim . Lay in a pursuit course . Commander Paxim to Paris . Go ahead . They 're following us as planned . We 're bringing them to you . acknowledged . Ready and waiting . I just hope you are , too , Doc . This way . Chaka hu ! Hahaki ! Hahaki ! It 's okay . Tal karok Here we go . What 's happening ? ! Our phaser power couplings are under attack . From where ? I don 't see anyone . I 'm not picking up anything on the scanners . shields are buckling . Take evasive action . I have it on the scanners . It 's a Federation shuttlecraft . Lock phasers . Destroy it . Primary phaser power is down . Switch to backup systems . Confirmed . Phasers are locked on . Fire ! I don 't understand . I 'm showing an overload . Yes , Doc , yes . Paris to Commander Paxim . Stand by . I 'm going to start transporting your people to Voyager Standing by . Oh . Seska ! Seska ! Seska ... Engineering to Maje CuIIuh . We 're being boarded . Abandon ship . I 'm sealing off the Bridge manually . I 've got to get the computer back on Iine . AII StarfIeet voice access has been disabled . I 'm reading a Kazon shuttle leaving the ship . There are also escape pods being launched . Forget them . We have more important things to do . She 's breathing better , isn 't she ? Sod katok Hanuk Hanuk ! Hanuk ! Hanuk ! There . welcome back , Captain . well done , Lieutenant . I had a Iot of heIp- - the TaIaxians , the Doc , Mr. Suder . Suder ? We thought he was killed during the initial attack . No . He and the Doctor sabotaged the ship . Suder disabled the phasers before they killed him . You would have been proud of him , Mr. Tuvok . I offer you a vulcan prayer , Mr. Suder . May your death bring you the peace you never found in life . Mr. Kim , is this ship capable of sustained flight ? AII propulsion and navigational systems are functioning within normal parameters , Captain . Good . Take us away from our new home and set a course for the old one , Mr. Paris , warp 8 . Heading 41 mark 77 . Destination : alpha Quadrant . Engage .
