 Last time on Star Trek : Voyager ... You are resilient prey . I 'm no one 's prey ! She 'll survive . What about her neural interface ? Stable . Shall I return her to the Klingon simulation ? No . Bring her to Holodeck 1 . I 've found another program I want to try . Here in your arms this way ... I 'm Katrine . Le Coeur de Lion is my establishment . The commandant would have us continue this simulation until we rot . It 's pointless . We should begin the hunt . We 've been able to expand both holodeck grids by 5 , 000 square meters . More . The colonel is in a strange mood today . I have found a way to disable the interface by remodulating one of your Borg implants to emit a jamming signal . You circumvented our control ! How ? You 're sending a message to the Nazis . No . Step away or I 'll kill you . Need a hand , buddy ? Captain Miller , Fifth Armored Infantry . Welcome to Sainte Claire . This building is being targeted . Let 's get out of here . You wanted a war ? Looks like you 've got one . And now the conclusion . Looks like the Hirogen have been busy . This entire section has been equipped with holo - emitters . Let 's get to Astrometrics . There are 85 Hirogen on board concentrated on Decks 2 through 9 . What about the Bridge ? Four Hirogen and Ensign Kim . At least he 's alive . The neural interfaces- - you said they 're controlled through Sick Bay . Yes . There 's only one Hirogen in Sick Bay with the Doctor , but the corridors outside are heavily guarded . That 's our first objective- - disable the interfaces- - but we 'll need help . We did have allies in the World War ll simulation- - the French Resistance . It 's time we mount a resistance of our own . The battle is concentrated here in Holodeck 1 , but the fighting has spilled out onto Decks 5 and 6 . And it looks like a group of holographic Americans is invading Deck 7 . Show me the breach in the hologrid . I 've lost the visual link . It was the last active circuit connecting the Bridge to the holodecks . There 's only one way to stop this . I need to go to Engineering and initiate a power surge across the holo - emitter network . It 'll blow out the entire system . No . That would destroy both the holodecks . Look , simulation or not , if this battle keeps going we could all be killed . I want that technology preserved . Commander . Status . I was able to reach Deck 5 , but holographic forces are massing near the breach . If I 'm to get into the holodeck , I 'll need help . Take the hunters from the Klingon simulation . When I find Captain Janeway , should I kill her ? No . Bring her to me . This is no longer a game . This hunt is real . We should kill the prey . The Voyager crew must remain alive to make repairs or we could lose everything- - this vessel , its technology . You said that you understood the importance of what we 're doing here . I 'll get the hunters . We think it 's a secret compound the Nazis built after they took over the city . What I don 't understand is how they managed to camouflage it so well . Indeed . We 've been scrutinizing German troop movements since the occupation . We knew nothing of this installation . Don 't sweat it . Our recon planes missed it , too . Any idea what they 're hiding in there , Captain ? We saw all sorts of scientific equipment- - strange metals , instruments we can 't identify . I 've relayed the findings to Military Intelligence . They believe this could be an advanced munitions laboratory designed to build some kind of superweapon . We 've got to put it out of business . I 've already sent three squads in , but the Nazis are putting up one hell of a fight . I 've requested additional troops . Lieutenant , this restaurant will serve as our command post . Set up the transmitter and post guards around the perimeter . Yes , sir . You 've done a bang - up job , but we 'll take it from here . Tell your people to lie low and that the Americans said " thanks . " This is our city . We have no intention of lying low . Listen , honey , the time for sneaking messages back and forth is over . This is war , and you aren 't soldiers . He 's right . We have weapons hidden throughout the city . Brigette will tell you where they are . Sounds good . Lieutenant , take care of it . I can see you haven 't changed . Bring me one of those street maps . Most of the guns , we stole from the German army . The explosives , we bought from the black market . We could use both . Our biggest stockpile is buried here- - two meters beneath the last row of seats of the Cinema Mystere . You remember it , don 't you ? Hmm . I 'm No Angel with Mae West . There 's heavy fighting in that area . What 's the best way in ? We dug a tunnel that leads directly to the stockpile . Here. I 'll show you . Incidentally ... we saw Death Takes a Holiday . It was the Mae West movie . I 'm sure of it . She was singing ... " Sister Honky Tonk , " and I put my arm around you . And during the courtroom scene ... I kissed you . You know , I think you 're right . I guess the experience wasn 't exactly burned into your memory . Not the movie . But I do remember the kiss . So ... did you get my last letter ? You mean the one asking me to leave France ? Germany was about to invade . I thought you 'd be safer back in the States ... with me . But ... I guess you found someone else to take care of you . There 's never been anybody else . Then who ... ? He 's second in command of the Sainte Claire occupation . The first time he saw me , he said I was pretty . I took advantage of his interest . He doesn 't know I 'm in the Resistance . The child is his . I 'm sorry . So am I . Hold your fire . Katrine ... you survived . Are you surprised ? Very . Nazi headquarters was destroyed . We assumed you were killed in the explosion . What is that ? Some kind of an escape tunnel ? That 's precisely what it is . You 're the leader of the local Resistance . That 's right . Captain Miller , Fifth Armored Infantry . This is Lieutenant Davis . I take it you 've seen the German bunker we uncovered . I just came from there . We suspect it 's a munitions lab . Can you confirm that ? Yes . A munitions lab . Then this is it . We 're calling in an air strike . Contact the RAF . Hold on , Captain . There 's an easier way to do this with a minimum of casualties . Let 's hear it . I 've located the generator that powers the entire complex . It 's heavily guarded , but with your help , I can get close enough to set off some explosives . My orders are to blow the entire compound before the Germans send in reinforcements . I saw technology in there you can 't begin to imagine- - warheads powerful enough to destroy this entire valley if they 're accidentally detonated . Call for an air strike , may be the last call you make . How can you get close enough ? This tunnel . I 've been watching this compound for several months , and I 've got a man inside . The place is crawling with Krauts . That 's why I need your help . If your men can clear these two corridors , it 'll give us access to this entryway . Get me there , and I can take care of the rest . " C " Company- - what 's their status ? They 're holding position about 200 yards from here . Get them on the horn . You 'll lead us into the compound , but I 'm coming with you . I work better alone . This isn 't a request . It 's an order . Order ? Do I look like I 'm wearing one of your uniforms ? I go alone . I thought you needed our help . I 'll be right behind you . Lieutenant Blake . There 's been a change of plans ... Even if I manage to disrupt the neural interfaces , we 've still got a war to fight . We 're going to need something a lot more effective than these old firearms . I believe I can enhance these weapons using Borg technology , but I 'll have to access Cargo Bay 2 . If something goes wrong and I don 't succeed , you 'll be the only one left who knows what 's really going on . Understood . Have our suspicions been confirmed ? Suspicions ? is she a collaborator ? I think we can trust her . Are you certain ? Three hours ago , you were prepared to put a bullet in her head . She 's on our side . In your absence , I may be forced to make that determination for myself . I 've already made it . You 're not to harm her . is that understood ? German forces are advancing on our position . Let 's give them a warm welcome . Mademoiselle , after you . Punctured lung , arterial rupture , fracture of the 13th vertebrae . He needs surgery . First - and second - degree burns to the face and neck . Treat him . His injuries are minor . He can wait . I said treat him ! This man has massive internal injuries . If I don 't operate now , he 'll die . Treat the burns , or I 'll deactivate your program . What kind of physician are you ? The first rule of triage states that critical injuries take priority . Your rules , not mine . From now on , leave the wounded prey where they fall . Tend only to our own . I 'm as dry as the crater at Tarpahk in the middle of the dry season ... when it 's dry ! I 'm not done ! Share with your brothers . It 's the eve of battle . I may be drunk , but I can still send your soul to the next world and leave your body here to rot ! Though from the stench of it , I 'd say it 's begun to already . Tom . Wrong guy . You speak English ? Yeah . I speak English . American ? I didn 't see him coming . You saved my life . Why are you out of uniform ? What company are you with ? Um ... well , I 'm a ... I 'm a civilian . In the middle of a battle zone in France ? The hell you are . Go on . I 'm right behind you . Look , I don 't have time for 20 questions . You say you 're an American ? All right then , if Betty Grable came around that corner what part of her would you be staring at ? Sorry . Time 's up . Her legs ! I - l 'd be staring at her legs . Bull 's - eye . Lucky for you . You 're a gung ho kind of gal , aren 't ya ? Does that bother you ? Nope . Just not used to it , that 's all . The girls back home are a little different . I guess when it comes to my people 's safety , this girl tends to get a little ... gung ho . Nothing to apologize for . I 'm the same way with my men . There 's not a day goes by when I don 't think to myself , " l 'm going to get 'em back safely even if I die trying . " I know the feeling . We 're about to enter some caves that run under the town . Caves ? We 're going to meet our contact there . I should warn you . There are eccentric people who live in the caves , but don 't be alarmed . ... ro - cha loh qech ro - cha loh qech qor 'taH - tah - tah - tah - tah - tah - tah Dech roh tah - tah - tah - tah - tah - tah Dech roh ! Good evening , gentlemen . Who are you ? How did you get past our battle lines ? We 're friends . Allies . Sent by what House ? The House of of toh - Maag . ToH - Maag . I never heard of it . I 'm not surprised . It 's a long way from here . This battle doesn 't concern you . Maybe not ... but we 'd be honored to fight alongside such great warriors . If you prefer , we 'll take our weapons elsewhere . Wait ! I 'll consider your request ... but first , prove your fortitude . Drink ! San - roh t 'patoH - cha ! I guess my French is a little rusty . Don 't drink it . It 's twice as strong as whiskey . I 'll be right back . Eh ? Captain. ls ... is it you ? Yes . We 've got to disable the rest of those interfaces . The controls are routed through the surgical console in Sick Bay , but it will take time to disable all of them . We don 't have time . I 'll access the Jefferies tube that runs under that deck plate , set a few charges and blow out the console . Charges ? The Hirogen have seized the armories . No problem . I got all the ammo I need right here . Holographic explosives ? With the safety protocols off - line , they 're as good as the real thing . Hmm . Ah ! Another of your warriors ? Yes . He 's a frail - looking thing . I 'll contact you when I 've disabled the rest of the interfaces . In the meantime , stay here . With the Klingons ? Believe me , it 's peaceful compared to Sainte Claire . Captain . Please , don 't do that . They 've got us outnumbered ! And outgunned . They 're setting up a machine gun emplacement across the street . Where have you been ? Obtaining supplies . What is this ? German technology taken from their compound . I can use them to enhance our weapons . I 've cornered several Voyager crewmen , but they 've taken refuge in a guarded building . I need three nucleonic charges to penetrate the structure . Nucleonic charges could damage the holodeck further . Use your hand weapons . Then I 'll need more hunters . They 're on the way . Damn . There 's a level - 9 force field around the surgical console . We 'll have to go in and shut it down . " Force field " ? I 'll explain later . Set the detonator for five minutes . Five hunters have been killed in the last hour . You must engage the safety protocols . Those protocols aren 't functioning . Then I 'll need assistance to ... Stand by . You . Get him out of here . There are ten pounds of dynamite under the floor set to blow in less than three minutes . Move . Bridge to Sick Bay . Sick Bay , respond . Bridge to Deck 5 . Converge on the Sick Bay . - Ow ! - Oh ! We 're on the holodeck under attack . You must ... Bridge , this is Holodeck 1 . I have seized the building and I have found another access to this holodeck . Seal it . How many captives ? Four . Their neural interfaces have been disabled . I will make the kill . No . They are not prey ; they are hostages . I 'll need them . As you wish . You . Help me seal this hatch . So , what do you think ? A boy or a girl ? It 's a holographic projection . Unfortunately , it 's a very good projection . I feel 20 kilos heavier . It even kicks . I don 't recognize this program . I do . He 's wearing a Nazi uniform . We 're on Earth during the second world war . " Nazi " ? Totalitarian fanatics bent on world conquest- - the Borg of their day , no offense . None taken . What are you staring at ? Get up . You deceived me . Really ? I should 've seen through your flirtations . If you say so . The thought of you carrying my child disgusts me . You 're not the only one . Look , I don 't know what went on between the two of you , but it 's obviously over now . I see you 're acquainted . Do you find her as attractive as I once did ? I 'll miss our nights together . Pig ! Put the weapon away . Now . Funny . He doesn 't seem like your type . Doctor , trouble . Now what ? The Klingons are starting to wake up from their nap . All right , all right , hold on . What are you doing ? I 've established an interface with Holodeck 1 . I want to monitor what 's going on over there in case the crew needs my help . Qapla ' ! Uh - oh . What should we do ? Not having a cure for Klingon hangovers , I couldn 't tell you . The battle has begun . Our plan is to penetrate the enemy 's position , cut his forces in half . And a very good plan it is . Best of luck with it . You will lead us into battle , great warrior . Maybe I 'll just watch from here- - try to offer up some pointers as things develop . to 'qaH ! Lead the attack or die here by my hand . You heard him . Don 't argue with the man- - run along . I 'll reattach any severed limbs . Just don 't misplace them . You ! Cover our flank . Qapla ' ! Qapla ' . Tallyho . Enter . Leave her . I see you 've done some redecorating . Your attempt to retake this vessel was ... inventive . From the day I seized Voyager , you put up a dauntless fight , but your fight is over now . You 're going to help me shut down these simulations and repair the holodecks . No . We 'll destroy this ship before we surrender it . Don 't threaten me , Captain . I 've faced far more intimidating prey than you . If this fight continues , I promise you , I will hunt down and kill every member of your crew . Well , by then this ship will be damaged beyond repair and there won 't be much of a trophy left , will there ? Perhaps I should kill you and find someone who will cooperate . Good luck . You 'll get the same response from all of them . You don 't realize what 's at stake . I know what 's at stake- - your sick little game . This is not a game ! Then what is it ? I 'm trying to create a future for my people . Future ? I don 't expect you to understand . You are prey . You underestimate us . Yes . Perhaps I do . I 'm listening . My people are hunting themselves into extinction . Your holodeck technology might offer us an alternative- - a new way of life . Instead of scattering ourselves across the Quadrant in pursuit of prey , we could simulate the hunt and give ourselves a chance to rebuild our civilization . And confine your killing to holograms . With the safety protocols off - line , the pursuit is just as challenging . Oh , I understand what you 're trying to do , but then ... why have you been torturing us ? Why have you thrown my crew into one brutal simulation after another ? I 've been studying your behavior as I do with all my prey , but your holodecks allowed me to go further- - to explore your culture , your history . I must admit I 've learned a great deal . How so ? Your people have faced extinction many times , but you 've always managed to avoid it . You seem to recognize the need for change . Yes . You 've got one of those moments running right now on the holodeck . We called it World War ll . One of your most difficult eras . And yet you survived . It wasn 't easy . You are a resilient species . I admire your cunning . Let 's end this . I 'll call a cease - fire and we can try to contain the damage . I want my ship back , but in return , I will give you what you need to create the holodeck technology . It would be cunning for you to agree . Synthetic . And undrinkable . I am tired of this simulation . Mein Herr , a word with you . And these holograms are becoming annoying as well . What are we waiting for ? Why don 't we execute these prisoners ? Orders from the commandant . If I may speak freely ? The commandant has been acting strangely the past few days . He 's been questioning German superiority . Perhaps we shouldn 't follow his orders so ... blindly . You will do as he says ... as long as I tell you to . I don 't know how much longer I can stand being trapped in here . Perhaps you would enjoy some entertainment . Sing . I will not . Sing ... or you will die . Then I 'll die . Seven , you are a valued member of this crew . The logical response would be to grant his request . Logic is irrelevant . One day the Borg will assimilate your species despite your arrogance . When that moment arrives , remember me . Bridge to Holodeck 1 . Yes . I 've come to an agreement with Captain Janeway . Call a cease - fire . What ? Captain ... ? It 's true , Tuvok . Our first order of business is to call off the troops . I want you to find Chakotay and have him convince his soldiers to pull out of the city . Aye , Captain . Turanj , order our hunters to end the fighting . This is madness . We 're winning this battle . Our civilization depends on this agreement . Acknowledged . You heard him . Release the captives . I 'll tell the others . Order all units to withdraw to these positions . I have always thought highly of you . Have you ? Yes . But the commandant is a fool . He doesn 't understand . He 's never embraced the Fuhrer ... or his vision . One does not cooperate with decadent forms of life . One hunts them down and eliminates them . The commandant speaks of civilization . The ancient Romans were civilized . The Jews are civilized . But in all its moral decay , Rome fell to the spears of our ancestors ... as the Jews are falling now . Look at our destiny . The field of red . The purity of German blood . The blazing white circle of the sun that sanctified that blood . No one can deny us , no power on Earth or beyond- - not the Christian savior , not the God of the Jews . We are driven by the very force that gives life to the universe itself . We must countermand the commandant 's orders . Stay and fight . We must be faithful to who we are . You two , follow me . All units , clear the valley . Return to your previous positions . We 're calling a cease - fire . Repeat . Cease - fire . Well , the word is out . Whether it will be acted upon is another question . Oh , they 'll follow orders . I 'm their commanding officer , remember ? Keep it moving ! Keep it moving ! Get the lead out of your pants ! Yes , sir . You heard him ! Let 's move it . Mid - 20th century American slang . You got a problem with that , sister ? You 're enjoying this simulation . I find that peculiar , given the circumstances . Loosen up , baby doll . The war 's almost over . So much for the cease - fire ! Fire ! Fire ! I 've been monitoring the other simulation and the fighting 's getting worse . The crew is taking heavy casualties . How can we help ? I 'll transfer my program to Holodeck 1 . You take the Jefferies tube and meet me there . There 's only the two of us . Nevertheless , we have to try and ... Even half drunk , Klingons are among the best warriors in the galaxy . But they 're already in the middle of a war with the House of ... mmm , uh , whatever it is . Then you 'll just have to convince them that there 's a more important battle to be waged . What , me ? You are their " great warrior . " Lead them . Pardon me , gentlemen . I wonder if I might have a word with you . They 're Klingons , not kittens . You will listen ! These sensors show you 've placed holo - emitters on Decks 5 through 12 ? No wonder the system breached . You 've turned Voyager into one big holodeck . Can you shut it down ? Yes , but I 'm going to have to initiate an overload . We 'll worry about making repairs later . Right now , we 've got to put an end to those simulations . Janeway to Ensign Kim . Yes , Captain . Harry , I 'm going to need your help overloading the holo - emitter network . I 'm transferring optical processor control to you now . Start charging the secondary power relays . We 'll use them to trigger the overload . I 'm on it . This is going to take some time . There are over 800 emitters that we have to ... Move away from the controls ! Why haven 't you ordered the cease - fire ? Move away from the controls . Listen to me . No ! What are you waiting for ? I am a hunter . You are my prey . Run . Acknowledged . Out . Our holographic allies are losing ground . The German troops are surrounding the city . I don 't know how much longer we can hold them off . These weapons are pretty crude . They 're not much help . Maybe we should fall back . Where to ? They 're coming in from all sides . Tuvok , any chance we can get through that breach in the hologrid ? Unlikely . 20 more Hirogen have taken up position near the opening . We are outnumbered . How 's it going ? I 'm modifying this explosive device to emit a photonic burst . It 'll be harmless to organic tissue , but it should disrupt all holographic activity within 20 meters . We 'll try to buy you some time . I 'll be in Sick Bay . Schnell ! Schnell ! Ja . They 're closing in . Seven ! Surrender . Auf stehen . Verdammt . Bring that one to me . I will spare your life for now , but only because you are carrying a German child . Please don 't do this . I can be of use to you . I can help you repair the ship . Don 't kill me . Against the wall . Your deaths will serve the glory of the Reich . Prepare to fire . Fight on , warriors ! This way ! Qapla ' , gentlemen ! Qapla ' ! This hunt is over . Tell your hunters to stand down . I 'll use this if you force me to . It 's over . Let 's go . Captain 's Log , Stardate 517 15 . 2 . The damage to Voyager has been extreme . Both sides have taken heavy casualties , and it 's clear that no one is going to win this conflict . The fighting has reached a standstill and the remaining Hirogen have agreed to negotiate a truce . What is this ? An optronic datacore . You can use it to create holodeck technology on your own vessels . I made a promise with your leader before he died that I would give this knowledge to the Hirogen . Take it . His ideas were unconventional . I do not share them . Was he any more unconventional than you are ... calling a cease - fire with your prey ? Only a few days ago , the thought of speaking with us on equal terms would 've been inconceivable , but here we are . Accept this ... trophy . You can use it to create a new future for your people . At the very least , you can hang it on your bulkhead .
