 Last time , on Star Trek : Voyager ... Looks like this entire part of space has changed somehow . We should dismantle this weapon and rejoin our people . No , not until every colony ... every individual ... every blade of grass is restored . It appears that someone ... or something has altered history . Captain , that energy beam- - it 's pushing Voyager out of the space - time continuum . He 's trying to erase us from history . I promised myself that I would never give this order , that I would never break up this family , but asking you to stay ... would be asking you to die . And now , the conclusion . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51425 . 4 . Our condition has left us vulnerable to spatial anomalies and to any alien species eager for a piece of hardware . We 've taken refuge in a class - 9 nebula . Oh , come on ! Don 't do this to me now . Emergency force fields are holding . How the hell did all this gas get inside ? Looks like a malfunction in the ventilation system . Okay , I 'm going to try reversing the osmotic pressure on this deck . - Oh ! - Whoa ! The gas corroded the circuit relays . Let 's bypass . We 've got three minutes of air left . How long can you hold your breath ? Ensign Kim found time to be treated , so can you . How is Harry ? He 'll be fine , but I 'm surprised he didn 't asphyxiate . I told you eight minutes on that deck , not eight and a half , not nine , and certainly not 12 . Would you rather have an indoor nebula ? If we didn 't stop it then and there , it would have flooded another two decks . B 'Elanna , engines ? Not yet , Captain . One of the warp nacelles is still off - line . The other one 's a lost cause . Route all available power to the good one . The alveoli in your lungs have been chemically burned . I want you off your feet for the next 48 hours . lmpossible. I 've got too much work to do . There are seven other crew members on board . You 're the Captain . Delegate . Inject me with trioxin . That should help me breathe a little easier . B 'Elanna , stand by for the transfer . Right . Trioxin is used in emergency situations as a stopgap measure . Your lungs have suffered serious damage . They need to be treated properly . Doctor 's orders . Captain 's orders- - trioxin , now . Aye , aye . It 's your body . Who am I to judge ? I 'm only the Chief Medical Officer . What do I know ? Thank you . Now , where were we ? Well ... you look rested . Where 's my crewmate ? He should have been here by now . No doubt he 's making himself difficult . I 've never seen such an intransigent young man . You 've had us in isolation for two months . We 've been scanned , poked and prodded . How do you expect us to act ? With some degree of dignity and restraint . Your crewmate has none . What do you want from us ? At the moment ... information . Anything for such a charming host . Are you all right ? The galley has prepared a selection of unique delicacies . You won 't find them anywhere else in the galaxy . Please , join me . Malkothian spirits- - an extremely rare vintage . The only bottle known to exist . Your Captain said that ... your vessel is trying to reach home . I hadn 't realized how far your home was . You 're an anomalous component- - alone , disconnected , impossible to predict . You have no idea how you 've complicated my mission . Glad to hear it . When I first encountered your vessel , it was badly damaged , barely functioning . What if I told you that , in the blink of an eye , I could restore Voyager to its former condition ? That you and I would never have met ? That you might even find yourself closer to the Alpha Quadrant ? By using the weapon on this ship to alter history . Yes . I can control the destiny of a ... single molecule or an entire civilization . How 's the wine ? Excellent . This bottle is the only component left of the once powerful Malkoth race . Everything else about them- - cities , culture , the very species itself- - never existed ... because of me . Every dish you see here comes from a civilization that ... has been erased from time . Mr. Paris , you 're devouring the last remnants of the Alsuran Empire . I have collected artifacts from ... hundreds of worlds . This vessel is more than a weapon . It 's a museum of lost histories . You two gentlemen almost became artifacts yourselves . But I 've decided to ... spare your vessel . Why ? Call it an act of compassion . You 're trying to reach home . In a way , so am I . We can work together to achieve both our goals . What do you propose ? In order to make the calculations required to restore Voyager , I need to know about some of your experiences in this Quadrant- - what species you interacted with , how other components were affected by your presence ... You can 't find her , can you ? I think Captain Janeway has been eluding you for the past two months . Otherwise , you would 've destroyed Voyager by now . I 'm offering you a way out of this situation . You accept my offer ... or when I do find Voyager , I will destroy it . And how many civilizations will you have to erase to send us merrily on our way ? No , thanks . We don 't want that kind of blood on our hands . Tom , hold on . You said you could control the destiny of a single molecule . If you made a precise enough calculation , could you restore Voyager without harming anyone ? It is possible ... but it 's extremely difficult . That 's why I need your cooperation . I 'd rather spend a year in solitary confinement than listen to any of this . Tom , have a seat . Chakotay , we can 't trust him . You 're correct . Given the circumstances , there is no reason to trust me , but trust isn 't necessary . We need each other . Obrist ... show our guest to his new quarters . I 'll do everything in my power to make you comfortable here , Mr. Paris . All I ask in return ... is that you keep an open mind . I was very impressed with your question . You seem to understand the subtleties of time . Professor Vassbinder might 've disagreed with you . I failed his course in temporal mechanics . Beyond study and instrumentation , there is instinct . Not everyone has the ability to truly perceive time ... its colors , its moods . Perhaps you do . I 'm certainly willing to give it a try . To distant friends . To friends . Hear , hear . Cheers . Well ? Interesting . Not bad . Not bad at all . What ... is it exactly ? I call it " the elixir of endurance . " It 's loaded with amino acids , carbohydrates- - all the nutrients necessary for the crew to withstand these stressful conditions . Ration cubes . Well , yes , yes , but this time , pureed and mixed with water and enhanced with Talaxian spices . It is offensive . Fortunately , taste is irrelevant . Well , it 's been a few days since we 've gathered in one place . Now 's a good time to catch up . How are the repairs proceeding ? I 'm happy to report that I 've repaired the optronic error in my program . And the power grid . We 're operating at 32 percent efficiency . I think I can bring it up to 50 , but I 'll need a few more days . Warp drive . I 'm still having trouble with the starboard nacelle . How long ? Three weeks , minimum . I thought this nebula would be a safe haven until we finished repairs , but it 's turning into a permanent residence . We 've got to get back into open space , find allies , put together a fighting force to take on Annorax . We 're leaving this damn cloud first thing tomorrow morning . Captain , you are in error . Really ? At the moment , this vessel is defenseless . We should remain here until we are functioning at our peak efficiency . I appreciate your opinion , Seven , but I disagree . We leave tomorrow , 0800 hours . It is inappropriate to contradict the Captain in front of the crew . That was not my intention . I simply pointed out that her decision was wrong . In your view . And yours . I know you well enough to say that . Then you should also know that my trust in Captain Janeway is absolute . The decision you or I might have made is irrelevant . As a Borg , I submitted to a single authority- - the collective . Over the past several months , I 've been encouraged to think and act as an individual . It is difficult to know when to restrain myself . Remember this guideline : The Captain is always right . Even when you know her logic is flawed ? Perhaps . Component 37329- - a rogue comet . About eight months ago , Voyager made a course correction to avoid the comet . According to my calculations , it led to our entering Krenim space . Your solution , then , would be to erase that comet from history . Exactly . Voyager would have stayed on its course and bypassed Krenim space altogether . Sounds simple enough . Conduct a simulation . Temporal incursion in progress . What happened ? Had you actually eradicated that comet , all life within 50 light - years would never have existed . Congratulations . You almost wiped out ... 8 , 000 civilizations . I didn 't consider the entire history of the comet . Four billion years ago , fragments from that comet impacted a planet . Hydrocarbons from those fragments gave rise to several species of plant life , which in turn , sustained more complex organisms . Ultimately , several space - faring civilizations evolved and colonized the entire sector . By erasing the comet , I altered all evolution in this region . Past , present and future- - they exist as one . They breathe together . You 're not the only person to make this mistake . When I first constructed this weapon ship , I turned it against our greatest enemy- - the Rilnar . The result was miraculous . With the Rilnar gone from history , my people , in an instant , became powerful again , but there were problems . A rare disease broke out among our colonies . Within a year , 50 million were dead . I had failed to realize that the Rilnar had introduced a crucial antibody into the Krenim genome ... and my weapon had eliminated that antibody as well . And you 've been trying to undo that damage ever since , but each time you pull out a new thread another one begins to unravel . You can 't imagine the burden of memory that I carry- - thousands of worlds , billions of lives gone , brought back , gone again . I try to rationalize the loss . They 're not really being destroyed because they never existed . Sometimes I can ... almost convince myself . You 've been at this for 200 years , Annorax . What makes you think you 're ever going to succeed ? What makes you think Voyager will ever reach Earth ? The odds against you are astronomical . Yet , you keep trying . You 're right , but we don 't destroy everything that stands in our way . You can help me to change that , Chakotay . Together , we 'll restore the Krenim and Voyager and we 'll undo the damage that I 've caused . I 've still got a lot to learn . Come . It 's time I show you the heart of this vessel- - the temporal core . Engines ? I 'm doing my best ! Captain , with the deflector down , those micro - meteoroids are beginning to erode the hull . Emergency power to the deflector . None available . I 'll be in Deflector Control . Captain , that entire section has been designated hazard - level 4 . I know . Oh , why do I get the feeling you 're testing me , Voyager ? Bridge , there 's a fire in Deflector Control . Any luck with the engines ? The warp core 's still off - line . Micro - meteoroid density is increasing . The nacelle pylon is buckling . Bridge , I 'm going in . Stand by to engage the deflector . Tell the Doctor I 'll be coming back with severe burns . Captain ... Do it . Be kind . The Captain 's accessed manual control . She 's stabilizing the particle emitters . She 's got it . Deflector 's on line . Activating deflector field . Bridge to Janeway . Captain , please respond . What 's my condition ? You suffered third - degree burns to approximately 60 percent of your body . I 've healed most of them , but without a dermal regenerator , I couldn 't repair all the damage to your skin . You 've been left with scars on your face and arms . I 'll consider them mementos . Not so fast . You 're spending the next few days here with me . What for ? Observation . is there something else wrong with me ? Not physically . What are you suggesting ? Traumatic stress syndrome . Symptoms : irritability , sleeplessness , obsessional thoughts , reckless behavior- - all of which you 've demonstrated over the last few weeks . My only obsession is with saving my ship , my people . If I 've been taking some reckless chances in order to do that , it 's hardly a medical condition . I 'm not going to stand here while you rationalize yet another brush with death . You don 't have to . As Chief Medical Officer , I have the authority to relieve you of your command . You 're not going to do that . If , in my medical opinion , your judgment has been impaired , I can and I will . Try it and I 'll shut down your program . That threat in itself is evidence of your unstable condition . I am sorry , Doctor . I 've been operating on instinct for so long , I did not think before I spoke . I have no intention of deactivating you , but I won 't stay in this Mess Hall . is that final ? Final . Then you leave me no choice . Captain Kathryn Janeway , under Starfleet Medical Regulation 121 , Section A , I , the Chief Medical Officer , do hereby relieve you of your active command , effective immediately . Have a seat . How do you plan to implement this protocol , Doctor ? Mr. Tuvok doesn 't have a security team ; both the brigs have been destroyed ; and with the internal force fields off - line , you 'll have a hell of a time keeping me confined . You 'd better grab a phaser because before I give up command , you 'll have to shoot me . You realize this incident will be noted in my official logs . By refusing my orders , you risk a general court - martial . Compared to what I 've been through the past few months , a court - martial would be a small price to pay . If we make it back home ... I 'll be happy to face the music . Another ruptured EPS conduit . 32 so far . 33 , 34 , 35 ... And that fluidic converter needs to be purged . Right . The gravitational plating in this room has buckled . Chakotay 's quarters . You disobeyed orders . Captain ? Chakotay gave this to me five months ago- - a birthday gift . I ordered him to ... What do you think ? Handsome . Come on . Astounding . Not really . I get lucky now and again . Uh , your end game sequence , it , uh ... it was the same one favored by my brother . To quote a long - lost friend of mine : " lt seemed logical . " Now what ? I used to honor the day of his birth . Who ? My brother . And my parents , my closest friends . Every year , at first . Then one day , I realized a century had passed ... and for years , I had been celebrating birthdays ... for the dead . Mmm . Or for people who never even existed . I 'm sorry . You can put that thing down , Chakotay . No need to strain your eyes anymore . I 've got a plan . Let 's hear it . This ship 's temporal core keeps the vessel out of phase with normal space - time , but its shields are incredibly weak . You take that core off - line , and a photon grenade could penetrate the hull . How do you know all this ? I 've been spending time with our friend Obrist , who seems more than willing to share information . And that 's not all . Does the name Captain Bligh mean anything to you ? This is not a happy crew . They 've been at this for 200 years now . They 're tired of it , Chakotay . They want it to end . Good work , Tom , but I 'm not quite ready to start a mutiny . Keep gathering information . Lie low . I 'm starting to make progress on the temporal calculations . With a little time and luck , I think we can get the Krenim back on their feet and Voyager back to the Alpha Quadrant . You 're starting to sound like Annorax- - always one more calculation . This time it 's going to be perfect . This can work . If you 'd take time to listen , you 'd understand what Annorax is trying to do . What ? Wipe out civilizations to help his own race ? I understand perfectly . It 's more complicated than that . Annorax is an enlightened man- - misguided , but I think he wants this to end as much as anyone . I guess I don 't have the instinct for time- - or whatever it is Captain Nemo out there calls it . Chakotay , he 's been flattering you and it 's gone to your head . You 're out of line , Lieutenant . Maybe I shouldn 't start a mutiny , but I might be able to get Obrist to help us send a message to Captain Janeway . Not yet- - if you get caught , we lose everything . I can get us out of this . Not if I can get us out of here first . You 're not doing anything against Annorax . That 's an order . What are you going to do , take away my holodeck privileges ? Either we maintain our command structure or else we settle our differences the old - fashioned way . What 's happening ? We 're preparing for a temporal incursion . What incursion ? You didn 't say anything ... I had an inspiration last night . By my calculations , the eradication of the Ram lzad species will result in a 52 percent restoration of the Krenim timeline . I thought we were working to avoid more destruction . When time offers you an opportunity , you don 't ignore it . We 're within range of their homeworld . Take us into orbit . Full power to the weapon . Prepare for total erasure . is this what you call enlightened ? Targeting the focal point . Locked . Please , this isn 't necessary . We 'll find another way . Fire . Trace elements ? Diminishing . Counter - indications . None so far . Scan the continuum . Bring me the results once they 're complete . Yes , sir . I 'll be in my chambers . Have you seen enough yet , Chakotay ? If you don 't do something about this maniac , I will . You didn 't need to fire on that planet . I 'm altering history on a massive scale . The destinies of countless star systems are in my hands . The fate of one species is insignificant . You 're trying to rationalize genocide . One species is significant . A single life is significant . It seemed so ... easy the first time . In the blink of an eye , I had changed history itself , allowed my people to thrive again . But when I changed history a second time , I lost more than you can imagine . The colony on Kyana Prime . How could you know that ? I 've been studying your previous incursions . No matter how close you get to restoring the timeline , one component is always missing ... Kyana Prime . Who was on that colony ? Who did you lose ? My wife ... and with her , my future . My children , grandchildren- - all erased because of me . This is all I have left of her . So many years I worked through the night while she was sleeping . How could I have known I was ... calculating her fate ? I can 't stop until I 've restored Kyana Prime and forced time to give me back my wife . Maybe it isn 't possible . When I tell you that time has moods ... a disposition to be intuited ... I 'm not speaking metaphorically . What do you mean ? Anger is one of its moods- - anger and the desire for ... retribution , vengeance . Time itself has tried to punish me for my arrogance . It has kept me from my wife , denied me my future . Sir , we 've achieved a 52 percent restoration . Kyana Prime ? Negative , sir . Resume scanning the continuum . Yes , sir . I 've , uh ... I 've studied your calculations , Chakotay . They 're promising ... premature . We 'll keep working on them . In the meantime , my mission must continue . You don 't have the right ... To fight for what is mine ? That 's not for you to decide . Only time can pronounce judgment against me . If that little display doesn 't convince you , I don 't know what will . He 's insane . No , he 's not . Wounded maybe , even tortured , but I can still reach him ... convince him to stop . Not from what you 've told me . This guy thinks that time has a personal grudge against him . That 's called paranoia , Chakotay , with a hint of megalomania . You don 't know what he 's been through . He 's lost his family . Okay , that 's a terrible thing , but so has everyone else on this ship , and frankly , so have we ! What kind of progress have you made ? Obrist is coming around ... and I think we can trust him . He says he 'll give me access to their communications array . I can send a message to Voyager from the comfort of my own quarters . And the temporal core ? That 's going to be a little trickier . With Obrist 's help , I 'm pretty sure I can disable it , but not without setting off every alarm on this ship . We 're only going to have one chance . It 'll require precise timing . You and me working from within ... And Captain Janeway attacking from Voyager . That is ... if the Captain 's still alive . She 's alive . Send the message . Transmit our coordinates . Done . And ... give Kathryn my best . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51682 . 2 . I 've forged a coalition with the Nihydron and the Mawasi . Together , we 're preparing to attack the weapon ship . I 've analyzed every carrier frequency of their transmission . It contains a classified Starfleet id code that could only have come from Tom Paris . It 's real . The coordinates he sent should lead us directly to the weapon ship . Location ? Approximately 50 light - years from here . Our new allies are assembling reinforcements . Once we 're in range , Tom says he 'll try to take the weapon ship temporal core off - line . When that happens , they 'll be vulnerable to conventional weapons . Tom will then transmit the exact location of the core . Our job will be to disable the ship and get our people out . is everyone clear ? - Yes , ma 'am . - Aye , Captain . B 'Elanna , Harry , I want you to beam over to the Nihydron vessel . Work with their engineers . The entire fleet needs to be equipped with temporal shielding . Aye , Captain . Tuvok , Neelix , Seven , you 'll be working on the Mawasi ship . Yes , Captain . Doctor , once the attack begins , your skills will no doubt be required . Join Tuvok 's team . What about yourself ? I 'll be piloting Voyager , coordinating the attack . Captain , there 's barely enough of this ship left to get there , much less wage a war . There 's fight in Voyager yet . It 's still got temporal shields ... six photon torpedoes . It 'll hold together . Besides , you know the adage- - Captain goes down with the ship , right ? You have your orders . Dismissed . Tuvok , I can hear your objections already . I am not leaving . Given Voyager 's damaged state , the probability of your surviving an armed conflict is marginal . Oh , I know the odds , but I have to stay . Voyager 's done too much for us . Curious . I have never understood the human compulsion to emotionally bond with inanimate objects . This vessel has done nothing . It is an assemblage of bulkheads , conduits , tritanium ... nothing more . Oh , you 're wrong . It 's much more than that . This ship has been our home . It 's kept us together . It 's been part of our family . As illogical as this might sound ... I feel as close to Voyager as I do to any other member of my crew . It 's carried us , Tuvok ... even nurtured us ... and right now , it needs one of us . I respect your decision . Live long and prosper , Captain . Same to you ... old friend . Voyager to Mawasi vessel . Go ahead , Captain . I 'm picking up the weapon ship , dead ahead . Confirmed . Temporal shields status . All vessels are bringing them on line . This is Captain Janeway to the fleet . Plot an intercept course to the weapon ship . Sir , six vessels are approaching our position . Identify . Three Nihydron warships , two Mawasi cruisers ... and Voyager . We 're outside space - time , impervious to their weapons . Let them come . I know Captain Janeway . She wouldn 't be attacking unless she knew she could do some damage . Good work , Obrist . If she 's given the other ships temporal shielding , they 've undoubtedly informed their homeworlds . They 'll be able to protect their planets against your weapon . Bring the weapon to full power . Stand by for multiple incursions . We 'll have to disable their temporal shields first . Make the necessary calculations . All vessels report ready . Let 's see if Tom has done his part . Janeway to the fleet . Attack pattern omega . Engage . Condition ? No damage . Temporal core is stable . Return fire . Captain , two Nihydron vessels have been destroyed . Janeway to the fleet . Evasive pattern delta . We 're going to have to wait . Come on , Tom . Come on . Target the other vessels . Obrist ... I said target the vessels . You 're deactivating the temporal core . I 'm sorry , sir . It 's over . Get back to your stations . You will not disobey me . We 're phasing back into normal space - time . Reconfigure to conventional weapons . Captain , Chakotay and Paris were beamed aboard our vessel . Everything 's going as planned . Tom sent me the coordinates of their temporal core before he left . I 'm transmitting them to you now . Conventional weapons are on line and fully charged , sir . Fire at will ! Sir , weapons are back to full capacity . Target Voyager . Put Janeway out of her misery . All our ships have been disabled , Captain . Do you have weapons ? Negative . Torpedo launchers are down . I 'm setting a collision course . Janeway to the fleet . Take your temporal shields off - line . Captain , we won 't be protected . Exactly . If that ship is destroyed , all of history might be restored , and this is one year I 'd like to forget . Time 's ... up . The core is destabilizing . It 's going to cause a temporal incursion within the ship . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51252 . 3 . The past couple of weeks have been uneventful , but we 've made excellent progress on the new Astrometrics Lab . When can you bring it on line ? We just did . In fact , we 're in the process of charting a new course home . I 'd say this is cause for celebration . A vessel is approaching off the port bow , Captain . On screen . They 're hailing us . Open a channel . You 've entered Krenim space . State your identity . Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager . We 're just passing through , trying to get home . This region is in dispute . I suggest you avoid our territory . Thanks for the warning . Good journey . Tom , plot a course around Krenim space . Aye , sir . So what do you think ? How about a ground - breaking ceremony for our new lab ? Sounds great . I think I 'll replicate a bottle of Saint Emilion for the occasion . 2370- - l hear that was a good year . Good morning . Good morning . Join me for breakfast ? In a little while . I still have a ... few more calculations . There are always " a few more calculations . " It 's a beautiful day . Spend it with me . I suppose I can make the time .
