 HeImsman 's Log , Stardate 50252.3 . while Voyager takes on supplies , Lieutenant Torres and I are investigating some intermittent sensor readings we picked up this morning . We 've been out here almost five hours and we haven 't seen any sign of those energy signatures . Isn 't it time to admit they were nothing more than galactic background noise ? I want to keep looking a while longer . Just to be sure . Aah ! What 's wrong ? Cramp . KIingon bodies weren 't meant to sit in a cockpit for five hours at a stretch . You have a big dinner date or something ? What 's that supposed to mean ? well , you 've been angling to get back to Voyager for about two hours now . Just thought maybe there was a reason . Like Ensign Bristow . What ? well , I 've noticed he 's been making any excuse to hang around Engineering . Around you . Freddy Bristow ... is a child . Oh , really ? well , he looks like a grownup to me . TaII , good-Iooking ... and I hear he plays a mean set of parrises squares . I played one game with him and I whipped him . Look , he has a crush on me . I can handle it . Why are you so interested ? Oh , I 'm just curious ... how someone with KIingon blood seems to live the life of a Tabran monk . Lieutenant , that is none of your business . well , if you ever have a free evening , I have a holodeck program you might enjoy- - sailing on Lake Como . I 'd rather take my chances with Freddy Bristow . Those energy signatures are back . We must have crossed into a tachyon field . What 's that ? A ship has locked onto our hull . Why didn 't we detect it ? The tachyon field must have disrupted our sensors . I 'm Lieutenant Tom Paris of ... O soave fanciulla O dolce viso Di mite circonfuso alba lunar ln terra , vivo ravviso ll sogno ch 'io vorrei sempre sognar Fremon gia nell 'anima Le dolcezze estreme Tu sol commandi , amore Computer , pause playback . Excuse me , but your entrance was early . You 're rushing the tempo . I am not rushing . You are lagging behind like a tired donkey . I assure you , I have studied the finest recordings of this opera- - Caruso and GaIIi-Curci ; Pavarotti and Freni ; SoraI and T 'Penna of vulcan . My tempo is accurate . GaIIi-Curci ... Freni ... T 'Penna ... they are all fallite They are mere dust balls . Sono niente ! They are nothing . Giuseppina PentangeIi- - the greatest soprano lirico of the 22nd century transcends them all . And conductors take their tempi from me . Capisci ? In this instance , they take it from me . I 've programmed the orchestral playback . Who allows you to make this choice ? You are an amateur . You have no sense of rubato , no rallentando it 's like singing with a computer . Madam , I may be an amateur , but I 'm also known as a quick study . And as I am in charge of this program , you will do it my way . shall we try it again ? Computer , start playback . O soave fanciulla O Stop playback . What now ? Non ? possibile I couldn 't remember the words . In all of my career , I have never forgotten the Iyrics . This is the difference between amateur and professionali Just a momentary lapse . No need to overreact . Piu cretino non esiste This is infuriating ! I want another partner ! Lo voglio subito I 'm the one who needs another partner . You 've got me so upset I can 't sing . Computer , delete ... Janeway to the Doctor . We have a medical emergency . Report to Sick Bay . Right away , Captain . Addio , madam . Next time I 'II take my chances with Maria CaIIas . Computer , delete the diva . Imbecille ! Pensa veramente Their nervous systems suffered trauma from some type of neuroeIectric weapon . It must have been extremely painful . It certainly was . Do you know why they attacked you ? No idea . They seemed to be trying to communicate with us , but we couldn 't understand them . Then they just lifted their weapons . The injuries are treatable . It shouldn 't take long . Tuvok , send a message on all subspace bands . I want to find out why my people were attacked . Aye , Captain . I 'II ask NeeIix if he knows anything about these people . Doctor , keep me posted . It would help if you didn 't fidget so much . I 'm really feeling better . Can 't I get out of here ? When you 're ready to leave , I will tell you . Doctor , Tom doesn 't seem to be responding to the treatment . I 'II look at him . Where 's my retinal imager ? I haven 't seen it . Did you move it from the instrument tray ? I haven 't been near the instrument tray . I 've just had the most unpleasant encounter with a madwoman on the holodeck . She must have upset me more than I realized . Lieutenant , you 're perfectly all right . What are you still doing here ? Thank you . I think he must have suffered some very deep tissue damage . The regenerator isn 't helping . Doctor ? Hmm ? I 've made numerous halls on wide-band subspace . The only response has been a single repeating message . What 's that ? I 'd guess it 's a language so unlike ours that the universal translator can 't interpret it . Harry , remoduIate the translator . See if we can decipher those sounds . NeeIix , what can you tell us ? If these people are who I think they are , I can tell you this is very bad news . I 've never actually encountered them ... but from what I 've heard , I 'm glad I didn 't . Most ships that enter their space are never heard from again . Some have returned with everyone on board dead . They 're a complete mystery . No one knows their name , how many of them there are , what their culture is like . Just that they really don 't want people violating their territory . If this is any indication of their borders , it 's a huge area of space- - hundreds of sectors . If we were to go around it , it wouId take months . I 'd say over 15 months , even if we could sustain maximum warp , which we can 't . I 'm not going to tell this crew we 're adding another 15 months to this journey . We 'II have to find another option . If we are not to go around their space , the only available option is to go through it . precisely . Tom and B 'EIanna hit a sensor net as they crossed the border . We have to figure we 'II run into it when we try to cross , but there are ways around sensor nets . They can 't possibly have enough ships to patrol a border this size . We can probably find an unguarded section . would it affect your decision if I pointed out that encroaching on the territory of an alien species is prohibited by StarfIeet regulations ? No , it wouldn 't . Captain ... you have managed to surprise me . We 're a Iong way from StarfIeet , Lieutenant . I 'm not about to waste 15 months because we 've run into a bunch of bullies . Sick Bay to Captain Janeway . Go ahead , Doctor . please turn to your emergency medical holographic channel . I 'm afraid Lieutenant Paris suffered greater neurological damage than my initial scan revealed . I 'm going to have to perform a motor cortex reconstruction . There 's no need to be overly concerned . His condition is not life threatening . The procedure is a relatively simple one for a skilled physician . Very good , Doctor . Keep me informed . AII right . I want a plan for crossing that border as quickly and as quietly as possible . We 'II reconvene in an hour . Dismissed . O soave fanciulla O dolce viso Di mite circonfuso alba lunar Doctor ... I have the cortical anaIeptics you asked for . Good . fill the hyposprays . We 'II begin as soon as I 've finished scrubbing . Did I hear you singing ? Yes . " O soave fanciulla " It 's an aria from La Boh ? me , a truly exquisite opera by Giacomo Puccini , a human composer of the 19th century . I didn 't realize you enjoyed music . I 've recently begun a thorough study of opera . I find it ... quite satisfying , but I 'm having difficulty finding a holographic partner for the role of Mimi . AII the soprani seem to have the most irritating personalities . These women are arrogant , superior , condescending . I can 't imagine anyone behaving that way . What is it ? A quiz for you . What is the first step in this procedure ? establish the axon connections and then test for synaptic potentials . Ah . Quite right . Very good . Doctor , what is it ? We seem to have a small problem . I ... can 't remember how to perform this operation . AII right , I 've repaired the damaged pregangIionic fibers in the spinal column . The final step is to restore the nerve sheath . You 'II need the myelin regenerator . What is it ? He 's going into respiratory arrest . What do I do ? apply an efferent impulse to stabilize his motor neurons . apply a ... what ? vital signs are returning to normal . There- - myelin regeneration is complete . What 's the synaptic potential reading ? Synaptic potentials are ... normal . Autonomic and somatic systems are functioning . Very good , Doctor . I think you 've done it . The EMH database seems to be experiencing a cascading overload of some kind . Doc 's memory circuits are deteriorating . We knew the Doctor was never designed to be up and running as much as he has been , but I thought you programmed safety buffers , so his circuits wouldn 't degrade . I did , and I installed them , but they 're breaking down . My seIf-diagnostic routines have always indicated that in the event of cascade failure , I should simply be reinitialized . That would stop the cascade and allow us to reset your database and personality subroutines , but ... But what ? It would restore the original program- - reset him to the person he was when we first activated him . In other words , he 'd forget everything that 's happened to him over the past two years . Right . Doctor ... how do you feel about that ? I ... can 't say I 'd Iike to lose the Iast two years , but my primary responsibility is the health and welfare of this crew . In my current state , I am useless to them . I believe Lieutenant Torres should start the reinitialization process immediately . No , wait . Wait , please . We can 't just treat the Doctor like he 's a computer anymore . He 's come too far for that . Doctor , please , think about this . You 'd be losing so much- - all the relationships you 've developed , our friendship , your sense of being a true member of this crew ... all that would be gone . I can 't put personal concerns over those of the crew . Look at the experiences you 've had since you were activated- - you 've made friends , learned how to sing opera , you 've even fallen in love . If you lose those memories , you won 't be the same person . You said you don 't know what 's causing his memory circuits to fall . unfortunately , no . So , if you reinitialize without finding out what 's wrong , the problem could occur again . well , it 's a possibility . Isn 't it a better plan to look for the cause of the problem ? If B 'EIanna can find it , there may be a less radical solution . Tom Paris is stable . He 'II be back on duty today . There 's no medical crisis at the moment . I can certainly handle all the routine cases in Sick Bay . please , Iet 's not just erase him without trying to help him first . If a crew member came down with a debilitating illness , you 'd do everything in your power to make them well again . I think we owe you nothing less . I 'II get started . Don 't be discouraged . I know B 'EIanna can find a way . Captain ? I think we found it- - a way to get across the border without being detected . Let 's hear it . Their sensor net uses a series of interlaced tachyon beams . If we adjust the shields to refract those beams around the ship , we can slip across without appearing to have disrupted the net . Not bad . And we 've found that this area shows no indication of vessels . We can slide through , go to high warp and be through this narrow section of their territory in four days . Good work . HeIm , set a course for the border . Aye , Captain . What are you doing now ? I want to see if the data corruption is affecting your optical sensors . What did that do ? I-I can 't see . I 'm blind ! AII right . That is extremely disconcerting . please don 't do it again . Now what are you doing ? Attenuating your force field projectors . Doctor , forgive me , but this is very delicate work . could you please sit over there for a few minutes ? How extremely rude . May I remind you that I am , in a way , your patient , who 's suffering from an unknown and obviously debilitating condition . I would think you 'd be a little more sensitive to my needs . You 're questioning my bedside manner ? The good news is that your projection system doesn 't seem to be affected . However , I don 't know why your circuits are degrading . Then ... what do we do now ? What we do now ... is get a second opinion . I 'II transfer you to the holodeck in a few minutes . Wait here . Computer , initiate Jupiter Station Diagnostic Program alpha 1-1 . The program is activated . Computer ... transfer the program for the Emergency medical hologram to HoIodeck 2 . I seem to remember this place . You shouId- - this is Jupiter Station , where you were created and where your database was written . It seems ... so long ago . This program contains a sophisticated diagnostic matrix specifically created for the Emergency medical System . That 's right . I should have remembered that . How could I have forgotten ? I 'm going to have to play with the systems for a few minutes . I 'm not exactly sure how to access all the subroutines . Don 't touch that ! Who are you ? I 'm a holographic re-creation of Dr. Lewis Zimmerman , the creator of the Emergency medical hologram . You 're the diagnostic matrix . You might say that . Something wrong with your EMH ? Yes . I certainly hope you 're going to be able to do something about this annoying problem . What 's wrong with it ? He 's experiencing a cascade failure . His memory circuits are degrading . I was trying to bring the subroutines on Iine ... If you don 't mind , I can do it faster . I can see where you get your charming personality . Not to mention my hairline . Here we are- - a schematic of the EMH and its component subroutines . Can you determine the source of the problem ? This isn 't good . The EMH has a IeveI-4 memory fragmentation . How long has the program been active ? I have been active for ... for ... almost two years . Two years ? ! well , there 's your problem . This program was developed as a short-term supplement to your medical staff- - 1,500 hours tops . I know . I added data compression buffers to compensate for the additional time , but they 're breaking down . The EMH is a highly sophisticated program . You shouldn 't go meddling in its matrix when you don 't know what you 're doing . should we shut down his program then , till we figure out how to fix him ? At this point , it doesn 't matter . With a IeveI-4 memory fragmentation , it 'II simply continue to degrade . There 's only one course of action- - a system-wide reinitiaIization . Start over from scratch . We are aware of that option . would it be possible to expand his memory circuits instead ? Of course . schedule it for your next maintenance Iayover at McKinIey Station . I 'm afraid that isn 't possible . We 're thousands of Iight-years from Federation space . well , there 's nothing more I can do . Either reinitiaIize it , or live with the knowledge that eventually this EMH will end up with the intellectual capacity of a parsnip . What are you saying ? Bridge to Torres . I 'm here , Captain . We 're approaching the border . We need your help in Engineering . I 'm on my way . Doctor- - Zimmerman- - you haven 't told us anything that we don 't already know . What I need is to find out exactly why the Doctor 's memory circuits are degrading so that we can come up with a solution . Activate a IeveI-4 diagnostic , or whatever you need to do to get us some answers . I 'II be back as soon as I can . I ... I wish you didn 't have to go . I 'II hurry . I promise . We 're holding position 500,000 kilometers from the border . I 'm ready to go as soon as you give the word , Captain . AII set , Mr. Kim ? I 'm ready whenever Lieutenant Torres is . Bridge to Engineering . Torres here . B 'EIanna , are you ready to reconfigure the shields to match Mr. Kim 's refraction pulse ? Ready . Captain , Iong-range sensors show a Iarge vessel five Iight-years from our current position . According to my readings , it 's huge . On screen . Magnify . That looks like thousands of ships . I 'm not reading any energy signatures . Their propulsion systems must be off-Iine . Maybe they haven 't detected us . Yet . AII right . Let 's get through that sensor net . Harry , go . Engineering , initiate the refraction pulse . pulse is activated . Moving to full harmonic resoIution- - 60 percent . 80 percent . Ninety ... Maximum resolution . shields at nominal output . Mr. Paris , take us through . Aye , sir . Here we go . The net is registering as intact . If those vessels get the same readings , they won 't suspect a thing . I think we did it , Captain . Like a snake through the tube . How about those ships ? They appear not to have detected us . They have not powered up engines . AII right . Let 's get through this as fast as we can . Mr. Paris , what 's your recommendation ? I 'II try holding warp 9.7 5 for as long as I can . If we can sustain that for 12 hours , we 'II be nearly a third of the way through . Mr. Tuvok , keep your eye on those ships . If they so much as twitch , I want to know it . Captain ... something ... is wrong . What do you mean ? It 's like there 's a drag on the engines . Captain , sensors indicate a resonant particle wave . It 's damping our warp field . We 're losing speed . Bridge to Engineering . B 'EIanna , can you compensate for the particle wave ? I 'II try . The antimatter reaction chamber may have been compromised . Keep me posted . hold our present speed , Mr. Paris . Why are you making me stare at these things ? please don 't talk . Stay fixed on the fractal patterns while I analyze your data-path integrity . Hmm ... Hmm ? Ew . well , there it is . What ? What is it ? I told you not to talk . This is the problem , all right . The personality subroutine has grown to more than 15,000 gigaquads . That 's the source of the degradation . Look at all this useless information floating around your buffer- - friendships with the crew , relationships with ... women ? Do they find you attractive ? I don 't remember . You 've filled your memory with nonsense . It was only during my off hours . You 're supposed to be off during your off hours . I 'm sorry . I ... I didn 't realize . Who are you ? I 'm the Doctor 's assistant . I came to see how he 's doing . Ah , just the person I need . Perhaps you can tell me who 's been feeding all this useless information into its database . What do you mean ? I 'II give you an example . Ah ! Here 's something in its personality subroutine . O soave fanciulla O He 's been studying opera . What 's wrong with that ? It wasn 't programmed to be a tenor , it was programmed to be a physician . What 's wrong with wanting to be more than that ? It 's superfluous . Look at me . I 've got the same matrix , the same hoIo-array , the same neural pathways as it does . You don 't see me cluttering up my circuits with irrelevancies . I 'm content to be the best possible diagnostic program I can be . Your EMH should be happy to be a fine physician . The Doctor has taken it upon himself to become a person who grows and learns and feels . It 's made him a better physician . An EMH program can 't feel anything . It 's emotional reactions are simply a series of algorithms designed to make it easier to interact with . He 's much more than that and I 've known him for most of my Iife . He 's one of my closest friends . You can 't possibly believe that this program shares these feelings . I know he does . tell me , Doctor , is this one of your closest friends ? Doctor ? I 'm sorry . I don 't know who you are . What 's the status of those ships , Mr. Tuvok ? still unpowered . They don 't seem to have detected us . When I was in high school , I snuck out of the house a couple of times late at night . I had to tiptoe past my parents ' bedroom . That 's kind of how I feel right now . You sneaked out of your house ? Where were you going ? well , I 'II have to leave that to your imagination , Lieutenant . Can I take a few guesses ? Captain , I 'm detecting another ship , not part of the swarm . It has been damaged . propulsion systems are not functional . Drop out of warp . Put it on screen . Looks like it 's been pounded on for days . Looks like it 's been pounded on for days . Any life signs ? I 'm checking . only one , and it 's faint . Transporter Room 1 , beam the survivor to Sick Bay . Harry , start scanning that ship . See if you can figure out what happened to it . Aye , Captain . He 's suffering from severe dehydration , damage to the spinal column . There 's evidence of trauma to the nervous system , just like we found in B 'EIanna and Tom after they were attacked . Can I talk to him ? You can try . I 'II work on restoring his cranial nerves , but he 's so badly injured I 'm not sure it 'II help . He 's a sick man . This is where sick people come . Doctor , hold onto this tricorder , all right ? Keep it pointed right at the patient . I 'm Kathryn Janeway , the Captain of this ship . Can you hear me ? Yes . Can you tell me what happened ? Who attacked you ? There were thousands of them . little ships ... swarmed around my freighter . Covered every square meter of the hull . Then they began extracting energy from all the ship 's systems . We had no defense . Then they boarded us . Did they use neuroeIectric weapons ? I don 't know what they used . It was painful . people screaming ... dying . Had you ... provoked them in any way ? We were in their space . That was enough . Captain , the rest of my crew ... is there anyone else ? I 'm sorry . You 're the only survivor . This woman is trying to regenerate your motor neurons . We come from MisIen ... five parsecs from here in a yellow dwarf system . If you pass , will you tell our people ? I 'II make a point of it . It happened so quickly ... His injuries were too severe . He 's a very sick man . Captain , the Doctor is getting worse . He doesn 't even know who I am anymore . He has to be reinitialized . I agree , but I can 't spare B 'EIanna now . We have to get through this space before we 're attacked like his ship was . As soon as it 's possible , I 'II break her free . Is there anything at all I can do for him ? The only thing I can think of is to keep his neural pathways active . Ask him questions . Keep him thinking . Force him to use his neural matrix . That might at Ieast slow down the degradation . Doctor , you mustn 't touch those . Here . This one 's all right to hold . shall I use it on the sick man ? Yes , that 's a good idea . The pilot of the freighter died . We should keep going . Mr. Paris ... Captain . I am detecting a vessel . It 's one of the swarm . It was still attached to the freighter 's hull . Red alert . shields at maximum . They are scanning us , Captain . hall them . I am getting a response . Audio only . Harry , how are you coming with the universal translator ? I 'm working on it . Let 's see if they might be able to understand us . channel is open . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager We only want to proceed peacefully through this region of space . Do you think they 're trying to communicate ? could be , but what they 're trying to communicate is another question . Any progress , Harry ? I 'm getting a general idea . It 's something like ... " Too late . should have listened . " Report . We 've been hit with some kind of polaron burst . The energy expenditure was not high enough to cause any damage . It may not have been a weapon . Captain , that little ship is hightaiIing it out of here . So it scanned us , sent out a polaron burst that caused no damage and then took off . Captain , the burst has changed the shield polarity . It 's now rotating at 92 gigahertz . That means if anybody wanted to find us , it 's a Iot easier now . I 'II say . As far as anyone 's sensors are concerned , we 're lit up like a Christmas tree . Captain , the swarm of ships has powered their engines and turned toward us . They are in pursuit . Do what you can , Tom . We have a head start . We might be able to outrun them . Bridge to Engineering . Torres here . How are you coming with the warp drive , B 'EIanna ? I 'm going to try reaIigning the dilithium matrix , but we 'II need to shut down the warp drive to do it . We can 't shut down . The alien ships are headed toward us . I don 't know if I can do this on the run , Captain , but I 'II give it a try . Do the best you can . Janeway out . NicoIetti , we 're going to have to try a dilithium realignment on the fly . Let 's figure out how to do it without killing everyone in Engineering . I faiI to understand why I can 't leave this room . Stand aside , young woman , or I will have you put on report . Doctor , please , I 'm just trying to keep you safe . Others can leave . You can leave . Why can 't I leave ? Because your hoIo-projectors don 't work in the corridors . My ... what ? please , sit down . Doctor , you know I 'm your friend , right ? Yes . You 're Kes . Yes . Yes . Do you remember me ? Of course I remember you . What an absurd question . Oh , that 's wonderful . But why won 't you let me leave this place ? I 'm trying to protect you . Oh . well . This isn 't ... such a bad place . I remember ... there were a Iot of people here , wounded people . I asked someone to ... state the nature of the medical emergency , and then inquired as to the status of their Chief medical Officer . He was dead , and then ... everyone disappeared . I think that 's when you were activated almost two years ago . Oh , surely not . It seems like ... last week . And there was a young woman . I was rubbing her feet . She was trying to decide whether or not to have a child . That was me . How could that be ? I 've never seen you before . What else do you remember ? What a very odd question . I remember many things . tell me . I enjoy hearing them . That doesn 't seem to be the case . You find fault with everything I say . Doctor , don 't think that . You claim you 're my friend , but you don 't even call me by my name . That 's because you don 't have a name . No name ! That 's ridiculous ! I ... My ... I demand you tell me my name . Wha-What 's happening to me ? Captain , the swarm is gaining on us . They will be in weapons range within five minutes . battle stations . The ships are now within range , Captain , but I do not detect any indication that they are powering weapons . Do you have any idea what kind of weapon systems they use ? Negative . Sensors show no weapons signature at all . They 're only a hundred thousand kilometers away now . Arm all phaser banks . Aye , Captain . Captain . Kes , what is it ? The Doctor is getting worse . He 's starting to dematerialize . I 'm afraid we 're going to lose him completely . I know B 'EIanna is busy , but I wondered if Harry could take a look at him . I 'm sorry , Kes , but we 're in the middle of something here and I need every hand at their posts . Captain , they 're only 40,000 kilometers away . Captain , they 're only 40,000 kilometers away . still no weapons signature . Changing to evasive pattern gamma-4 . Sick Bay . Kes to Sick Bay . How 's the Doctor ? No improvement . He 's still losing cohesion . Computer , Deck 6 . Computer , initiate the Jupiter Station Diagnostic Program . Jupiter Station Program is activated . You again . Now what ? The Doctor 's program is almost completely degraded . We 're going to lose him . I 'm not sure what you expect me to do about it . I expect you to help . That 's what you 're programmed to do , isn 't it ? I have pointed out over and over , I am a diagnostic tool , not an engineer . You have to try . You 're the only one who can help now . Young woman , you don 't seem to understand . There are limitations to my programming . I can 't just decide to exceed them . The Doctor did , so why can 't you ? You better start trying because I 'm not leaving here until we accomplish something . It ... He ... means a great deal to you , doesn 't he ? Yes , he does , so start thinking about his memory circuits his hoIoprocessors , his database , his matrix ... Why are you looking at me like that ? You told me you had the same matrix as the Doctor . An adaptive , heuristic matrix , yes . In order to serve as a diagnostic for all the EMH programs . Then couldn 't your matrix be substituted for his ? I ... I wouldn 't have thought of that . But can it ? I 'm not sure , but even if it were possible , the same degradation would eventually occur to my matrix . What if yours were grafted onto his ? Grafted ? In medicine , we sometimes graft portions of a healthy bone onto a diseased one . It gives the bone soIidity until it can heal . CouIdn 't we do something like that with your matrices ? well , it wouId require synchronous transfer of all the EMH databases and subroutines . Not an easy process , mind you , but I ... I suppose we could try . Good . Let 's get started . I must point out that you would no Ionger have a diagnostic program for the EMH . If we don 't do this , we won 't have an EMH to diagnose . Hmm . Good point . You 'II have to return to Sick Bay and transfer my program there . Thank you , Dr. Zimmerman . Don 't be premature . I have no idea if this is going to work . Captain , our shield strength just went to zero . How could that happen ? Each one of those little ships is emitting an interferometric pulse . They 're modulating in opposition to our shield frequencies completely canceling them out . AII right , that 's enough . Tuvok , give them a phaser sweep with the forward array . Don 't destroy any of them , just let them know we 're not going to sit here like ducks . Aye , Captain . What was that ? The interferometric pulses they 're emitting ? They 've reflected the energy of the phasers right back to us . Anything we fire is going to affect us instead of them . What about a photon torpedo ? Since our shield strength is nonexistent , I would not recommend it . They 're only 7,000 kilometers away and still coming . Harry , start analyzing those interferometric pulses . See if there 's any pattern , any code to them . We might be able to find a weakness . I 'm on it . I 'm increasingly dubious as to the outcome of this effort . The EMH pathways are seriously degraded . They might not accept a matrix overlay . We have to try . please hurry . I assure you I am working as quickly as I can . If I don 't prepare the multitronic paths properly , there 's no chance of success . It 's going to work , Doctor . I 'm sure of it . What is ? Very well . We 're as ready as we 'II ever be . I 've programmed the computer to install my heuristic matrix onto the EMH primary circuitry . We 'II both have to be taken off-Iine for the overlay to be made . After the reinitialization occurs , you should activate the Emergency medical hologram . I understand . You realize there will be no second chance . After this , I will no Ionger exist . well , it 's been a brief existence , but apparently a noble one . Computer , initiate program Zimmerman AIpha-1 . Matrix overlay program is active . please stand by . Captain , they 're right on top of us . I can 't shake them . Captain , they are clamping onto our hull . They 're starting to drain our systems . Captain , I 've got a pattern on the interferometric pulses . It 's a lattice connecting all the ships to each other . AII right , here 's what we 're going to do- - turn those pulses right back on them . Tuvok , lock phasers on their nearest ship . If we can destroy one of them , there 's every chance the interferometric pulse that links them together will cause a chain reaction . But the phaser fire will be reflected back toward us . Harry , modulate our shield frequency to an inverse harmonic of the pulse . That should allow the phasers to hit the ship . Ship 's phasers are locked on a target , Captain . Tuvok , Harry- - do it . The swarm of ships has disbanded , Captain . They are moving away . shields are back to full strength . Good work , everyone . Now , Iet 's get out of here . It seems to be taking forever . That 's to be expected . It 's a complex procedure . Dr. Zimmerman said he didn 't know if our Doctor would be restored to his original programming or if he 'd regain the memories of the past two years . I think , at this point , we 'd be glad to have him back no matter what . Zimmerman program AIpha-1 is now complete . Computer , activate emergency medical holographic program . please state the nature of the medical emergency . It worked ! Doctor , I am so glad to see you . Are you ill , young woman ? No . N-no , there 's no emergency . I , uh ... I just wanted to see if you were all right . It is very irresponsible to make such frivolous use of the EMH . Where 's your Chief medical Officer ? We don 't have one . actually , I have an awful headache . A headache ? Nurse , tricorder . You 're the nurse ? In a way . Humph . This woman has a mild inflammation of the occipital tissues . hardly enough to complain about , but I 'm willing to give you a mild analgesic . Thank you . Get me the vasoconstrictor and prepare a hypospray with three percent hydrocortiIene . Yes , Doctor . In te , vivo ravviso ll sogno ch 'io vorrei sempre sognar
