 Anthraxic citrus peel orange juice with just a hint of papalla seed extract- - an experimental blend . The success rate of your culinary experiments has not been high . Ensign GoIwat tried some yesterday and she thought it was delicious . In fact , she had a second glass and she never has seconds . Ensign GoIwat is BoIian . Her tongue has a cartilaginous lining . It would protect her against even the most corrosive acid . AII I ask is that you try it , Mr. VuIcan . Impressive . Ah . I 'II start squeezing that second glass . Breakfast is coming right up . Porakan eggs . Porakan ? The most flavorful eggs in the sector . scrambled with a little dill weed , a touch of rengazo- - a galactic favorite . Now , these eggs were not easy to prepare . After we picked them up on Porakas IV , I had to sterilize them in a cryostatic chamber for three days . Then each and every one had to be parboiled ... Mr. NeeIix , I would prefer not to hear the life history of my breakfast . On TaIax , it 's a tradition to share the history of a meal before you begin eating . It 's a way of enhancing the culinary experience . My mother was brilliant . She could make every course , every garnish come alive by making it a character in a story . My favorite was the one about the crustacean who ... What happened ? Um , some sort of power overload . I 'm afraid it decimated your breakfast . This is what my mother would have called a tragic ending . Engineering has been making adjustments to the plasma conduits to accommodate a new energy source . It may have created a thermal surge in the galley systems . Janeway to Tuvok . please report to the Bridge . Mr. NeeIix , I 'd Iike you to join us as well . Aye , Captain . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50126.4 . We have detected a gaseous anomaly that contains siriIIium- - a highly combustible and versatile energy source . We 've altered course to investigate . SiriIIium ? Yes , and possibly large amounts of it . If so , we 're going to need to stockpile as much as we can . I 'd Iike to convert Storage Bay 3 into a containment chamber . My pantry . I 'm sorry , NeeIix . You 're going to have to make other arrangements . Of course , Captain . You know , if I injected siriIIium into my thermal array , it might improve cooking time . Yes , and blow up half your kitchen in the process . SiriIIium is far more useful as a warp plasma catalyst . The gas can also is used to boost defIector shield efficiency . The vultures are circling . well , there 's certainly no shortage of good ideas . Have all department heads submit proposals for siriIIium usage . Aye , Captain . The anomaly is within visual range . On screen . analysis , Mr. Kim . It 's a cIass-17 nebula . I 'm detecting standard amounts of hydrogen and helium and 7,000 parts per million of siriIIium . Captain , I recommend we use the Bussard collectors to gather the siriIIium . They 'II cut through that nebula like ice cream scoops . I 'm picking up a Iot of plasmatic turbulence in there . It might be a bumpy ride . Tuvok , can you modify the shields to compensate ? Tuvok ... Are you all right , Lieutenant ? I don 't know . I 'm experiencing dizziness and ... disorientation . Permission to go to Sick Bay . Granted . Deck 5 . Help me ! Tuvok ! help me , Tuvok ! please , don 't let go ! Tuvok ! Don 't let me fall ! No ! I was holding a young girl by the hand , trying to prevent her from falling from a precipice . I was unable to keep my grip , and she fell to her death . And there is more . I had an emotional response- - anxiety , fear- - an almost irrational anger at myself for letting her fall . When did that happen ? It never happened . The girl was unfamiliar and I 've never been in that situation . It was me as a child and it did seem like a memory , but I don 't recall the incident . well , it was definitely a traumatic episode . Your heart rate accelerated to 300 beats per minute your adrenaline levels rose by 1 13 percent and your neuroeIectricaI readings nearly jumped off the scale . If you were human , I 'd say you had a severe panic attack . I am not human . No kidding . I don 't know what happened to you , but there can be any number of expIanations- - haIIucination , telepathic communication from another race , repressed memory , momentary contact with a parallel reality . Take your pick . The universe is such a strange place . I 'II have Mr. Kim examine the sensor logs . Maybe our proximity to the nebula is affecting you somehow . In the meantime , Lieutenant , you are free to go . AII of your vital signs have returned to normal and I don 't see any residual systemic damage . But I want you to wear this neurocorticaI monitor . In case you have another episode , it 'II record a complete encephaIographic profile and alert Sick Bay at the same time . A wise precaution , Doctor . Thank you . Structure . Logic . Function . control . A structure cannot stand without a foundation . Logic is the foundation of function . Function ... is the essence of control . I am in control . I am in control . Enter . Kes . What is it ? The Doctor wanted me to adjust your neurocorticaI monitor to pick up additional peptide readings . I can come back later if this is a bad time . No . You may proceed . What are you working on ? It is called a keethara Keethara ? What does that mean ? The approximate translation is " structure of harmony . " It is used as a mediational aid . building it requires precise balance and spatial acuity . It helps to focus thought and refine mental control . At the moment , it doesn 't look very harmonious . No . It does not . I 'm curious . What does a keethara look like when it 's done ? The form is not predefined . It is a reflection of the builder 's state of mind . Thus , it is different each time . I 'd Iike to see it when it 's finished . well , good night . Kes ... It 's all right . I understand . Structure . Logic . Function . control . A structure cannot stand without a foundation . Logic is the foundation ... of function . Function is the essence of control . I am in control . I am in ... control . So how are you feeling this morning ? If you are referring to yesterday 's incident , I haven 't experienced any further problems . I am fit for duty . I didn 't ask because I 'm concerned about your ability to perform . I 'm concerned about you . There is no need for concern . Sorry I asked . My apologies , Commander . I am distracted . I spent 14 hours last night in deep meditation trying to determine the source of my aberrant behavior . I couId not . Maybe you should try to forget about it for a while . I 've found that when you don 't think about a problem , sometimes the solution comes to you . It is difficult to forget when you 're wearing a neurocorticaI monitor on your parietal bone . Good point . Mr. Kim ? I checked all the sensor logs . There 's no sign of anything emanating from the nebula that would have affected Tuvok or Voyager Anything unusual about the nebula itself ? No . It 's a standard cIass-17 . I suggest we conduct a tachyon sweep of the nebula . It would reveal the presence of any cloaked ships . CIoaked ships ? Yes . We should be extremely cautious this close to KIingon space . Tuvok , the klingon Empire is on the other side of the galaxy . Yes . Yes , you are right , of course . I 'm uncertain why I would make such an obvious error . Maybe you should go back to Sick Bay . Tuvok ? help me , Tuvok ! please , don 't let go ! No ! I think we may be dealing with a repressed memory . The memory engrams in the dorsal region of the hippocampus are being disrupted . It 's causing physical damage to the surrounding tissue . In VuIcan medicine , this is known as t 'lokan schism . It means that the subject is inhibiting a traumatic memory , which is beginning to resurface . And that 's causing brain damage ? Strange , I know . In human subjects , repressed memories are nothing more than psychological traumas , which can be dealt with with standard therapeutic techniques , but in VuIcans , there is a physical reaction to the battle between the conscious and the unconscious . In extreme cases , the mind of the patient can literally ... Iobotomize itself . What 's the treatment ? There is no medical treatment for this condition . vulcan psychocognitive research suggests that the patient initiate a mind-meId with a family member and the two of them attempt to bring the repressed memory into the conscious mind . I 'm the closest thing Tuvok has to a family member on this ship . That 's why I 've asked you to come . He has a request to make of you . Did the Doctor explain the situation to you ? Yes . Tuvok , are you sure it 's the right thing to do ? I don 't know how else to proceed . The Doctor tells me that this is a memory . And yet , no matter how hard I try , I cannot remember . If the Doctor is correct , if this is an experience I pushed into my unconscious mind , it could be very dangerous to me , even Iife-threatening . I realize it 's asking a great deal of you , Captain , and I did consider turning to one of the vulcans on the ship , but this meld would be more intimate than most . A family member is normally chosen because of the implicit trust that usually exists . On this ship ... I trust you more than anyone else . Whatever happens , I 'II be there for you , Tuvok . I 'II help you get through this . I will initiate the meld and attempt to access the memory fragment . Once that has been accomplished , you will act as my pyllora Your pyllora My guide . My counselor . You will help me reconstruct the memory in its entirety . And as I am reliving it , you will help me to objectify the experience . By processing the experience rather than repressing it , I can begin to overcome my fear , anger and the other emotional responses and to reintegrate the memory into my conscious mind . When I 'm in your memory , will I actually be reliving it with you ? No . I will be the only one who notices your presence . You will be an observer in the memory but not a participant . This will give you the freedom to guide me objectively . When do we start ? I will need time to prepare . please return in one hour . We 're ready when you are , Captain . Your mind to my mind . Your thoughts ... to my thoughts . I am taking us back ... back to the boy that I was ... the boy lying on the precipice . Return fire ! They 've knocked out our targeting scanners . Mr. VaItane ... Get away from that station ! One more second . Damage report ! seal that conduit ! hull breach on Deck 12 , Section 47 . We 've lost power on Decks 5 , 6 and 10 . casualty reports coming in . 19 wounded . Tuvok , can you see me ? Yes . Where are we ? My first deep space assignment aboard the Excelsior Why did you bring us here ? I did not intend to . Can you take us to the precipice ? The girl ? That is precisely what I attempted to do . There must be some reason why your mind brought us here . Maybe this memory is connected to the girl in some way . How along ago is this ? Stardate 9521 . approximately 80 years ago . Who are you fighting ? The KIingons . KIingons ? Before you collapsed in Engineering , you thought we were approaching KIingon space . Why are you fighting the klingons ? This battle was precipitated by an incident that took place three days earlier . AII right , Gamma Shift time to defend the Federation against gaseous anomalies . Gaseous anomalies ? We were charting a gaseous anomaly on Voyager And that 's when my problem began . That 's more than a coincidence . How are you this morning , Ensign ? I am well , Commander . Thank you . I thought you might like to see some of this morning 's com traffic before you went on duty . There 's a message from the Yorktown I think you might be interested in . It 's from your father . Thank you . You 're not going to have time to drink that , you know . You 're due on the Bridge in five minutes . It 's not for me . It 's for the Captain . I 've observed that Captain SuIu drinks a cup of tea each morning . I thought he might enjoy a vulcan blend . Oh , I see . Trying to make Lieutenant in your first month ? I wish I 'd have thought of that when I was your age . Took me three years just to make Ensign . I assure you I have no ulterior motive . Whatever you say , Ensign . See you on the Bridge . You 've never brought me tea . Outstanding . I may have to give you a promotion . That was not my motivation , Captain . I am not attempting to curry favor with you in any way . Mr. Tuvok , if you 're going to remain on my ship , you 're going to have to Iearn how to appreciate a joke . And don 't tell me VuIcans don 't have a sense of humor because I know better . I will ... work on it , sir . Very good . And ... thanks again . He doesn 't look anything like his portrait at StarfIeet Headquarters . In the 23rd century , holographic imaging resolution was less accurate . This is a science station , isn 't it ? Yes . I am one of several junior science officers . Tuvok , why doesn 't your service record reflect any of this ? I thought your first assignment was aboard the Wyoming It 's a Iong story , Captain , but suffice it to say , this was my first StarfIeet career . I was 29 years old . So , what 's happening ? Are we about to encounter the klingons ? Not exactly . The KIingon moon Praxis is about to explode . Praxis . During this period , it was a primary source of energy for the klingon HomeworId . Praxis ... yes . Its destruction would have lasting repercussions throughout the Quadrant , and it led to the first Federation-KIingon peace treaty . That is correct . But what does all this have to do with the girl on the precipice ? I have an energy wave at 240 degrees , mark 6 port , sir . visual . My ... God ! shields ! shields ! She is not answering the helm . Starboard thrusters . Turn her into the wave . Aye , sir . Quarter impulse power . Damage report . Checking all systems , Captain . Don 't tell me that was any meteor shower . Negative , sir . The subspace shock wave originated at bearing 323 mark 7 5 . Location ... It 's Praxis , sir . It 's a klingon moon . Praxis is their key energy production facility . So , what happened ? Did you go to Praxis ? No . We were warned off by the klingons and resumed our survey mission . However , two days later , we learned that two StarfIeet officers were accused of murdering the klingon chancellor . They were brought back to the klingon HomeworId to stand trial . Captain SuIu had served under both officers for many years , and he felt an intense loyalty to them . HeIm , set a course for Kronos , maximum warp . Take us through the Azure nebula . That should conceal our approach . Aye , sir . I don 't get it . What 's going on ? He 's about to attempt a rescue of Captain Kirk and Dr. McCoy . As you can see , everyone seemed perfectly willing to go along with this breach of orders . However , I felt differently . Captain , am I correct in assuming that you have decided to embark on a rescue mission ? That 's right . Do you have a problem with that , Ensign ? I do . It is a direct violation of our orders from StarfIeet Command , and it could precipitate an armed conflict between the klingon Empire and the Federation . Objection noted . Resume your station . Sir , as a starfleet officer , it is my duty to formally protest . Tuvok ... A pretty bold statement for an Ensign with only ... two months space duty under his belt ? I am aware of my limited experience , but I am also very much aware of starfleet regulations and my obligation to carry them out . That 's enough . Ensign , you 're relieved . I 'm sorry about this , Captain . I assure you it will not happen again . Ensign , you 're absolutely right , but you 're also ... absolutely wrong . You 'II find that more happens on the Bridge of a starship than just carrying out orders and observing regulations . There 's a sense of loyalty to the men and women you serve with ... a sense of family . Those two men on triaI- - I served with them for a Iong time . I owe them my Iife a dozen times over , and right now , they 're in trouble and I 'm going to help them . Let the regulations be damned . Sir , that is a most illogical line of reasoning . You better believe it . HeIm , engage . You know , you did the right thing . Perhaps . Captain , we 're approaching the Azure nebula . On screen . Tuvok ... that nebula ... it looks very similar to the one we observed on Voyager help me , Tuvok ! please , don 't let go ! No ! 50 milligrams cordrazine . There was a sudden disruption in his hippocampus . luckily , he was in Sick Bay or he 'd be in a coma right now . That 's the good news . The bad news is that his synaptic pathways are continuing to degrade . If the repressed memory keeps resurfacing on its own , it 's going to cause more and more damage . eventually , his entire neural structure will collapse , resulting in brain death . We were just starting to make some progress . We finally accessed the repressed memory . I saw Tuvok as a boy ... and the girl on the precipice . Can I talk to him ? Not yet . He suffered a severe neural trauma , so I 'm keeping him sedated for the next few hours . I 'II let you know when it 's safe to revive him . Come in . Ah , Ensign , what have you found ? I don 't see any connection between this nebula and the one the Excelsior saw 80 years ago . This one 's a cIass-17 , while theirs was an 1 1 . Both contained trace amounts of siriIIium , but that 's about all . But they do look similar . To the naked eye , but not to sensors . technically , they 're very different . You know , I 've been talking to the Doctor , and he tells me it 's not unusual for a repressed memory to resurface because of a smell or a visual detail . Maybe the visual similarities between the two nebuIas simply triggered Tuvok 's memory of the Excelsior well , what about the memory of the little girl ? What does she have to do with Tuvok 's experiences on board SuIu 's ship ? The Excelsior seemed so far removed from that childhood incident . Who knows what goes on in a vulcan 's mind ? Maybe there is no connection and going back to the memory of the Excelsior was just an accident , a stray thought Tuvok was having because of the similarities between the two nebuIas . You may be right . nevertheless , I 've been studying the Excelsior logs . What do they say ? unfortunately , they don 't say anything at all . Nothing ? It would seem that Captain SuIu decided not to enter that journey into his official log . The day 's entry makes some cryptic remark about the ship being damaged in a gaseous anomaly and needing repairs but nothing else . You mean , he falsified his logs . It was a very different time , Mr. Kim . Captain SuIu , Captain Kirk , Dr. McCoy- - they all belonged to a different breed of starfleet officer . Imagine the era they lived in- - the alpha Quadrant still largely unexplored , humanity on verge of war with KIingons , RomuIans hiding behind every nebula . Even the technology we take for granted was still in its early stages . No plasma weapons , no muItiphasic shields . Their ships were half as fast . No repIicators , no hoIodecks . You know , ever since I took StarfIeet history at the Academy , I always wondered what it wouId be like to live in those days . Space must have seemed a whole lot bigger back then . It 's not surprising they had to bend the rules a little . They were a little slower to invoke the Prime Directive and a little quicker to pull their phasers . Of course , the whole bunch of them would be booted out of starfleet today , but I have to admit- - I would have loved to ride shotgun at Ieast once with a group of officers like that . Sick Bay to Captain Janeway . Go ahead , Doctor . I 'm ready to revive Mr. Tuvok . acknowledged . I 'm on my way . several hours after we entered the nebula , we were ambushed by KIingons . A battle ensued , and we were forced to abort our rescue mission . Do any of those events seem related to the girl in any way ? No . If there is a connection , I am not aware of it . I suggest we attempt another mind-meId and try again to access my memory of the girl . Agreed . Doctor . Your mind to my mind . Your thoughts to my thoughts . I am taking us back ... back to the boy that I was ... the boy lying on the precipice . hull breach on Deck 12 , Section 47 . Tuvok , we 're back in the battle with the klingons again , 80 years ago . I am at a loss to explain , Captain . But it 's hard to accept this as a coincidence . Agreed . I want to go back to the moment when you first saw the nebula . What happened ? Captain SuIu estimated it wouId take approximately five hours to traverse the nebula and enter KIingon space . He decided my shift needed some rest , so we returned to the crew quarters . I attempted to get some sleep . However , my bunkmate Dmitri VaItane , felt the need to discuss our situation . Hey . Tuvok . Are you asleep ? No . Me neither . I can 't believe we 're going to do this . I didn 't think the Captain had it in him . Had what in him ? You know- - the guts to defy an order and run off on some rescue mission to save old friends . I take it from the tone of your voice , that you admire this trait . well , yeah . It 's courageous . It is illogical and reckless , which I attempted to point out to him on the Bridge . Oh , come on , Tuvok . Isn 't it more fun than charting gaseous anomalies ? The human fascination with fun has led to many tragedies in your short but violent history . One wonders how your race has survived having so much fun . Ooh . VuIcans- - you guys need to relax . No . I will not relax . Ever since I entered the Academy , I 've had to endure the egocentric nature of humanity . You believe that everyone in the galaxy should be like you , that we should all share your sense of humor and your human values . well , if you hate it here so much , why 'd you join StarfIeet in the first place ? I joined under pressure from my parents , but I 've already decided to resign my commission once this assignment is complete . well , your loss . Tuvok , did you really mean that ? At this point in my Iife , yes . My experiences at the Academy and on board the Excelsior were not pleasant . I knew you left StarfIeet for over 50 years , but I never knew why . I didn 't realize it was because of a conflict with humans . My perceptions of humanity and StarfIeet were undoubtedly colored by the fact that I did not want to be here in the first place . Your parents really forced you to go to the Academy ? It was their wish and I felt an obligation to fulfill it . What did you do during those 50 years ? I 'd returned to VuIcan where I spent several years in seclusion , immersing myself in the Kolinahr- - a rigorous discipline intended to purge all emotions . I wanted to attain a state of pure and total logic . What happened ? unfortunately , six years into my studies , I began the Pon farr I took a mate . T 'PeI . Yes . We decided to raise a family together . So I chose to postpone my studies . And what brought you back to StarfIeet ? Raising children of my own made me appreciate what my parents experienced raising me , and I came to realize that the decisions I made as a young man were not always in my best interest . I understood their decision to send me to the Academy and that there were many things I couId learn from humans and other species . So I decided to expand my knowledge of the galaxy . StarfIeet provided that opportunity . well , I 'm glad you had a change of heart . As am I , Captain . although , " heart " had very little to do with it . It was a logical decision . I 'm sure it was . Red alert . AII hands to battle stations . What 's going on ? I thought we were still five hours from KIingon space . A KIingon battle cruiser de-cIoaked inside the nebula . At this moment , they were firing concussive charges across our bow . We 're being hailed , Captain . On screen . Mr. SuIu , I see they have finally given you the Captaincy you deserve . Thank you , Kang . Do not let it end prematurely . Kang , we 've been on a survey mission studying this nebula . Our navigation system malfunctioned and I 'm afraid we got lost . As soon as we 've completed repairs , we 'II be on our way . We 'd be happy to escort you back to Federation space . Very generous of you . But we can manage . I insist . actually , an escort would be welcome . We 'd hate to lose our way again . Bring your ship about , bearing 181 mark 2 . Nice to see you again , Kang . Captain SuIu ? Man your station , Lieutenant . We 're not giving up just yet . HeIm , come about . tactical status . They have their forward disruptors trained on us , sir . Ensign Tuvok , what is the composition of this nebula ? primarily oxygen and argon with traces of theta-xenon , fluorine and siriIIium gas . SiriIIium ? That 's a highly combustible substance , isn 't it ? Affirmative . Is there any way we could ignite the siriIIium ? If we modulated a positron beam to a subspace frequency , it wouId trigger a thermochemical reaction in the siriIIium . Like tossing a match into a pool of gasoline . would their shields withstand the blast ? Yes . But their sensors and tactical systems would be disrupted for several seconds . That 's all the time we need . Tuvok , modulate a positron beam and stand by . We 'II ignite the siriIIium the instant we clear the nebula . HeIm , prepare to engage maximum warp on my command . Aye , sir . AII hands , this is the Captain . Secure stations and batten down the hatches . The positron beam is charged and ready . On my mark , Ensign . We 're clearing the nebula . Mr. Tuvok , light the match . The KIingon ship 's been disabled . They 're not pursuing , sir . HeIm , set a course for Kronos . Engage . Commander Rand , I want you ... Sir , Iong-range sensors are detecting three KIingon battle cruisers on an intercept course . They 're arming torpedoes . Heading , sir ? Maintain course . Return fire ! They 've knocked out our targeting scanners . Switch to manual ! Mr. VaItane , there 's a rupture in the plasma conduit behind your console . Get away from that station ! One more second . Dmitri , you must ... Bridge to Sick Bay , medical emergency ! Tuvok ... Tuvok ! help ! Don 't let me fall ! No ! Doctor , what 's happening ? Their memory engrams are destabilizing . Something must be going wrong with the mind-meId . I 'm going to bring them out of it . It 's not working . Their neural patterns appear to be locked together . I can 't break the meld . The damage to his synaptic patterns is accelerating . At this rate , he 'II be brain dead in 20 minutes . Get me a cortical stimulator ! I saw her again , Tuvok- - the girl . When VaItane died just now , it seemed to cause the memory to resurface . What is it ? Something 's gone wrong with the mind-meId . Who the hell are you ? Intruder alert ! Get security up here ! What 's happening ? Why can he see me ? I asked you a question . Who are you and what are you doing on my ship ? It 's an indication that the rate of deterioration in my brain has increased . At advanced stages of a t 'lokan schism , memories and thought processes become distorted and confused . Ensign , do you know this woman ? I will break the meld , Captain . No , don 't . I think we 're getting close to something . Everything seems to be centered around the death of VaItane . Direct hit on the port bow . shields down to 20 percent . Losing atmosphere on Decks 5 , 6 and 7 . I 'II reroute auxiliary power to structural integrity . Maybe something happened in that moment between the two of you- - some detail you aren 't remembering . I want you to try and replay those events one more time . I will try , but I must point out that if my neural structures collapse during the meld , you will suffer brain damage as well . I understand . Take those two to the brig . Captain , if we replay those events and they see you , it will disrupt the memory again . Then we 've got to find a way to make me inconspicuous . AII right , Gamma Shift , time to defend the Federation against gaseous anomalies . How are you , Ensign ? Who are you ? We could have just asked her . Asking female officers for their clothing could lead to misunderstanding . I 've programmed a cortical stimulator to emit thoron radiation . We 'II bombard his telepathic cortex . That should be enough to terminate the meld . We 'II begin with a 20-kiIodyne burst of five-second duration on my mark . Now . It 's working . Their neural patterns are starting to separate . My god . What is it ? That 's Tuvok 's memory engram . That 's the Captain 's . But this red pattern seems to be another engram . A third memory engram . How 's that possible ? It 's not- - which means it can 't really be an engram . From the neurochemical modulation , I 'd say it 's something masquerading as an engram . The way viruses sometimes mimic certain blood factors to avoid being destroyed by antibodies ? So you 're saying it 's a virus . I think so . The thoron radiation must have caused it to manifest itself . Increasing the radiation level should destroy it . Go to 40 kiIodynes , ten second burst . Now ! The KIingon ship 's been disabled , sir . They 're no Ionger pursuing . HeIm , set a course for Kronos . Engage . Who 's at communications ? Commander Rand is supposed to be on duty , sir . Where is she ? Sir , Iong-range sensors are detecting three KIingon battle cruisers on an intercept course . They 're arming torpedoes . Maintain course . Return fire ! They 've knocked out our targeting scanners , sir . Switch to manual . Mr. VaItane , there 's a rupture in the plasma conduit behind your console . Get away from that station . One more second . Dmitri , you must ... It 's about to happen . Try to remember every detail about the next few seconds . Concentrate . Tuvok ... Help me ! help me , Tuvok ! I saw her , Tuvok . I saw the girl . Stay with it . I am trying . But my mind is weakening . This is our last chance . Take us to the precipice . Concentrate . Take us to the girl . It 's working . The mind-meId is almost broken and the radiation appears to be killing the virus . Increase thoron levels to ... The virus is migrating . It 's embedding itself in the Captain 's brain . cortical stimulator . Kathryn ! help me , Kathryn , please ! Don 't let go . Don 't let me fall ! No ! Program a 50-kiIodyne burst five-second duration on my mark . Now . help me , Tuvok ! The virus protein structures are breaking down . It 's dying . Increase thoron radiation to 80 kiIodynes 15 seconds . Now . help me , Dmitri ! please , don 't let go ! Don 't let me fall ! Again ! Don 't let me fall ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! It 's clearly a viral parasite of some kind , but its origin and genome classification are not on record . We were able to kill it using thoron radiation . What do you know about it ? The virus thrives on peptides generated in the brain . It evades the body 's immune system by disguising itself as a memory engram . apparently , the parasite used the childhood memory of the falling girl as camouflage . Creating a false memory so traumatic that the mind would repress it and that 's where it wouId live , in person after person , hiding in a part of the brain that the conscious mind would want to avoid at all costs . When it sensed the death of the host , it wouId leave to find another . That 's why it migrated from VaItane to me . What about the girl ? Did she ever really exist or did the organism invent the memory ? Memory is a tricky thing . If it was a real event , it 's been buried and copied and twisted so many times there 's no way to tell what really happened . Thank you , Doctor . I 'm curious . Did the Excelsior ever save Kirk and McCoy ? Not directly . We were forced to retreat back to Federation space . As usual , Captain Kirk provided his own means of escape . But we did play a pivotal role at the subsequent battle at Khitomer . Mr. Tuvok , if I didn 't know you better , I 'd say you miss those days on the Excelsior On the contrary . I do not experience feelings of nostalgia . But there are times when I think back to those days of meeting Kirk , Spock and the others , and I am pleased that I was part of it . In a funny way , I feel like I was a part of it , too . Then perhaps you can be nostalgic for both of us .
