 We 're here . The glacial fractures are stable . We 're clear to beam inside . Acknowledged . Not exactly the way I remember it . Power grid 's been destroyed . Neural gel packs- - frozen solid . Decks 9 through 14 are now Deck 10 . They 've been compacted . Looks like they hit the ice at full impulse . The EMH ? I 'm trying to access Sick Bay . The relays aren 't responding . I 'm losing the interface . Reset the power cell . Come on ! Let 's get moving . Keep an open com-link . Chakotay to Tessa . Go ahead . I found her . Lock on to the transporter relay and beam her to the lab . Stand by . Make it quick . This isn 't exactly a happy reunion . I 've got a lock . Please state the nature of ... Long time no see . Ensign . I go by Harry now . It 's a long story . Where 's your mobile emitter ? What 's happened to the ship ? The crew ? No time . The emitter . It 's in here , but ... Here . Slap it on and let 's go . Wait. I demand an explanation . I 'll give you one . We 're here to change history . Ladies and gentlemen , please ... may I introduce the next generation of instellar propulsion- - the quantum slipstream drive . Four years , two months , 1 1 days- - that 's precisely how long Voyager 's been in the Delta Quadrant . And during that time , we 've advanced the frontiers of exploration and , more importantly , we 've survived . Hear , hear . Now it 's time to go home . Enjoy the celebration , but keep in mind , we 've still got a lot of work to do before tomorrow 's flight . Go easy on that champagne , Lieutenant . Quantum matrix ... Benamite crystals ... Borg technology ... Can you imagine what Starfleet is going to say ? I don 't think we 'll hear any complaints . The Federation 's first slipstream drive- - they 'll probably nominate us for the Cochrane Medal of Honor . I 'll start working on my acceptance speech . " l 'd like to thank the Borg collective ... " Dinner plans ? Nothing special . Date with a replicator . Cancel it . That 's an order . Aye , Captain . Lieutenant ? Lieutenant . Excuse me . My contribution to the slipstream drive . Thanks . What is it ? A Talaxian furfly . An old spacefaring tradition among my people . If one of these creatures stowed away on your ship , it was a sign of good fortune . I had this little fellow preserved . He hung in my engine room for six years . Cute . Mr. Neelix , you are an unending source of astonishment . Why , thank you , Mr. Vulcan . Seven ? My visual processors and motor cortex- - they are malfunctioning . Sounds like a problem with your cortical implant . We 'd better have a look . Hold still . I cannot comply . You 're intoxicated . lmpossible . Your blood synthehol level is .05 percent . How many glasses of champagne did you consume ? One . Obviously , the Borg can 't hold their liquor . Come to Sick Bay . I 'll give you some inaprovaline to counteract the effects . I was simply trying to perfect my social skills as you instructed me to do . And you 're doing a fine job . You have always been of enormous assistance to me , Doctor . You ... you are my mentor . Yes . We are as one . We are as one . Did you see that ? Hmm . I think our drone did a little too much celebrating . Speaking of which , when are you going to join the party ? In a minute . You 're running a warp core diagnostic now ? Harry , I think we built an Edsel . A what ? A lemon ; a disaster waiting to happen . I ran a simulation last night and I discovered a .42 phase variance in the slipstream threshold . .42 ? So it 'll be a bumpy ride . We 've flown through worse . If we get knocked out of that slipstream mid-flight ... it could overload the quantum matrix . Did you tell the Captain ? Not yet . I didn 't want to spoil the festivities until I was sure . Tom , if it 'll make you feel better , we 'll go to the holodeck right now , run a few more simulations . It 's probably just a sensor glitch . We 're at full impulse . Engaging slipstream drive . Quantum field is stable . Deflector at maximum . Slipstream velocity in four , three , two ... Power output is steady . Quantum field is holding . Shields down to 73 percent . Looking good . Keep that deflector aligned and we should be ... We 've got a phase variance- - point one . Point two . Remodulate the deflector . No effect . Point four . I 'm shutting down the drive . No , wait. I want to invert the quantum field . It 's no use . That slipstream is collapsing . lnertial dampers are off-line . Warning . Hull breach on Deck 10 . We 're losing structural integrity . Computer , freeze program ! One more time . I think if we reroute emergency power to the deflector a little earlier ... lt won 't help . Computer , restart simulation at time index ... Computer , belay that order . It 's no use , Harry . We can 't just give up . 23 simulations , 23 catastrophes . This is no sensor glitch . We 've got to tell them . That can 't be right . We tested this engine molecule by molecule . I 'm sorry , B 'Elanna . I wish to examine the results of the simulation . Holodeck 2- - run them for yourself . That is , if you don 't mind being vaporized a few dozen times . I looked at their findings , Captain . If we try to take that flight in the morning , we 'll be in escape pods by afternoon . It would appear we have no choice but to cancel it . Either that or ... we can try it Harry 's way . Ensign ? I 've got an idea . It 's tricky , but I think it could work . The trouble begins about 17 seconds into the flight . The phase variance kicks in and the slipstream becomes unstable . What we need is someone in a shuttle to ride the rapids in front of Voyager . Yes . They could map the threshold of the slipstream as it 's forming and send the phase corrections back to us . That is a great idea , Harry . Now , here 's the tricky part . The shuttle will only be a couple of seconds ahead of Voyager . That doesn 't give auto-navigation much time to compensate . Tom ? Couple of seconds ? We can do this , Captain . Put me on that shuttle . I 'll get Voyager through the slipstream . What choice do we have ? Take the drive off-line ? Months of work for nothing ? We built a highly experimental piece of technology . There were bound to be setbacks . The benamite crystals at the heart of this engine have already started to decay . It could take years to synthesize more . I don 't know about the rest of you , but I didn 't do all this work just to be stopped by a .42 phase variance . No offense , Captain . None taken . All right , Mr. Kim ... you 've convinced me . Prepare a flight plan and have it on my desk within the hour . Yes , ma 'am . I 'll let you know what I decide . Come in . Commander , I hope you 've got an appetite . Famished , but I assumed you called me here to talk about the slipstream flight . No reason to cancel our dinner plans . I 've programmed a dish my grandmother used to make back on Earth- - vegetable biryani . Sounds delicious . I didn 't know you could cook . Normally , I draw the line at a pot of coffee , but tonight is a special occasion . Oh ? Our last night in the Delta Quadrant . I 'd say that 's special enough . You 've made your decision . We launch tomorrow at 0800 . You and Harry will take the Delta Flyer . Voyager will be right behind you . The crew will be pleased . You can give them the news yourself ... after dessert . What about you , Chakotay ? What do you think about my decision ? I 've analyzed Harry 's flight plan . The theory is sound , but there are just too many variables . If something goes wrong in that slipstream ... This could be our only chance to use the quantum drive . True , but if you showed this data to any Starfleet engineer , they 'd think we were out of our minds . We can find another way home . We 've waited this long . Long enough . We 've waited long enough . I know it 's a risk ... probably our biggest one yet ... but I 'm willing to take it . Are you with me ? Always . Speaking of risks ... are you ready to try some home cooking ? I 'll alert Sick Bay . 15 years ? Give or take a few weeks . Where are we ? In the Takara sector just outside the Alpha Quadrant . The crew ? Except for us ... dead . We think Captain Janeway tried to make an emergency landing on this planet . The ship must have been too heavily damaged . They were all killed on impact . You 've been buried inside a glacier for the past 15 years . You two were here , on the Delta Flyer ahead of Voyager . You made it . All the way back to Earth . We got home , Doc , and all it took was killing everyone we cared about . Harry . Starfleet certainly took their time finding us . Starfleet ... Starfleet gave up their search for Voyager over nine years ago . We had to find you on our own . Well , I don 't know what to say except ... thank you . I suppose I 'd have stayed in that deep freeze forever . We 're not here to salvage your program . We 're here to prevent this disaster from ever happening . You see , Doc , 15 years ago , I miscalculated the slipstream threshold and transmitted the wrong phase corrections to Voyager . Boom . They were knocked out of the slipstream and sent to an icy death . " Thank you , Ensign Kim . " But I 've had a long time to rethink my mistake , and now I know how to fix it . So ... we 're going to send Voyager a new set of phase corrections . Isn 't it a little late for that ? We 've found a way to communicate with Voyager in the past , just before the accident . Better late than never . A message back through time ? Exactly . How ? I don 't understand . One of her cranial implants is a transceiver designed to communicate with other drones . That 's right . It 's called an interplexing beacon . We want you to extract the beacon and determine its translink frequency . That shouldn 't be a problem . She looks reasonably well-preserved . Good . That 'll tell us where to send the message . Now , the hard part- - we need to know when to send it . Can you access Seven 's chronometric node and pinpoint the exact moment her cybernetic implants disengaged from her organic systems ? Her time of death ? Down to the millisecond , if possible . I 'll see what I can do . I told you he 'd come in handy . You said you 'd found a way to communicate with Seven in the past . How ? Behold ... Salvage Component 36698- - a Borg temporal transmitter . Starfleet Intelligence found it in the wreckage of a Borg cube in the Beta Quadrant . We stole it . Trouble . Long-range sensors are picking up a Federation vessel . How much time do we have ? I entered a low orbit and remodulated our shields , but it won 't be long before they find us . Six hours if we 're lucky . Let me get this straight ... you 're fugitives ? " Galaxy 's Most Wanted . " We stole the Delta Flyer , too ... right out of a Federation shipyard . We 're wanted on two counts of high treason and conspiracy to violate the Temporal Prime Directive . Wonderful . Out of the icebox and into the fire . We don 't have time for this . Get started . Aye , sir . We still have to retrieve those sensor logs . Get ready . Hello , Doctor . Do I know you ? No , but I feel like we 're old friends . Tessa Omond . Hello . It 's an honor to finally meet Voyager 's infamous EMH . " lnfamous " ? I 've told her a few horror stories . Actually , they 've always spoken very highly of you . Uh-huh ... and how did you get involved with Bonnie and Clyde here ? Oh , I 've had an interest in Voyager for a long time . They 're having sex . Pardon ? Chakotay and Tess . They 're a couple ; joined at the hip . The truth is , Doctor , I didn 't want Chakotay or Harry to have to face this alone . I thought I could help . Ready ? Stay warm . These controls are a little clumsy . I thought you said this ship was state of the art . It was at the time . I 've located the sensor logs , but ... the computer is denying me access . My command codes should still carry some weight . Hmm ... looks like there 's an active file here . ... but should our luck run out , I 'd like to say for the record that the crew of Voyager acted with distinction and valor . You okay ? Yes . It 's just ... the last time I was in this chair , they were all here ... alive . We 're here to get them back . Can I see that tricorder ? It 's downloading . Give it a minute . I don 't supposed we have time for a tour ? Afraid not . Besides , I left my quarters a mess . In just a few hours , if all goes as planned , we 'll have changed history . The past 15 years ... erased . We don 't have to do this . Now you tell me . I 'm serious . So am I , and I have no intentions of backing out . Chakotay ... Look at me ... last minute jitters , cold feet ... I don 't know what to call it . Ridiculous , isn 't it ? After all these years , working toward this moment and when it finally comes , all I can think about is losing you . Your heart has always been here , on Voyager . That 'll never change . This is where you belong . And who knows ? Maybe we 'll meet someday . But if we don 't ... ? Then I 'll miss you all the same . ... means all of that has changed . You owe me one . Mr. Kim , your assistance , please . Got to go . What was that all about ? Oh , nothing . Letter to a friend . How does it look ? No damage to the infrastructure , but I 'll need an isoprobe . Way ahead of you , Doc . So , what was it like , your homecoming ? Antimatter fireworks , longwinded dignitaries , a Vulcan children 's choir . Oh , we got medals pinned to our tunics . Chakotay gave a speech commemorating the Voyager crew . Brought a tear to everyone 's eye . Admiral Maclntyre even wanted me to marry his daughter . At least you weren 't buried under 20 meters of ice . You don 't know how many times I wished I was . I suppose it must have been difficult with all your friends and colleagues left behind . " Survivor guilt . " Yeah. I heard a lot about that from the counselors back at Headquarters . " You must learn to accept the fact that you lived . " Embrace life . Move forward . " I signed on to the first deep space vessel I could find . We tried to calculate where Voyager might have fallen out of the slipstream . Four years of searching . We were close . I could feel it . Then , Starfleet Command said it was time to end the search . " Low probability of success . " All those admirals who shook my hand at the homecoming- - l went to see every last one of them ... begged them to keep the search alive . Pretty soon even Admiral Maclntyre stopped returning my calls . So I resigned from Starfleet . For the record , Seven 's translink frequency is 108.44236000 . Could be our lucky number . I 'm encoding it now . When did you embark on your life of crime ? The second I heard about this little gem . Mr. Kim , did you ever stop to think about what you 're trying to do here ? Altering the timeline may make things worse . At least you and Chakotay survived . Why tempt fate ? This " timeline " only exists because I made a mistake 15 years ago . The crew trusted in me and I let them down . Tactical alert . Vessel approaching , bearing 184 mark 7 . They 've found us . Chakotay . Go ahead . Starfleet 's on an intercept course . It 's now or never . We 're on our way . If you 're having doubts , let me know . I 'll take your program off-line . But if you 're with us , we tempt fate together . To aid an honorable thief or to spend eternity in cybernetic oblivion ? Let 's tempt fate . Captain 's Log , Stardate 52143.6 . With any luck , my next log entry will be made in the Alpha Quadrant , but should our luck run out , I 'd like to say for the record that the crew of Voyager acted with distinction and valor . Shield generators ? On line . Plasma flow ? Stable . Com-link ? Secure . Lunch ? Salami sandwiches . Feel up to this , Ensign ? Yes , sir . Chakotay to Voyager . We 're ready . All hands , this is the Captain . Take your stations , secure all systems , and stand by for the jump to slipstream . I 've established a telemetry link with the shuttle . Match their course and speed . They 're gaining on us . 200,000 kilometers and closing . You call these evasive maneuvers ? I 'm doing my best . Harry , status ? The Borg transmitter 's on line , but I 'm still waiting for the Doctor to give me the temporal coordinates . Just a few more minutes . Speed it up . We 've got a Galaxy-class starship on our tail . I 'm working as fast as I can . They 're hailing us . You want to talk to them ? It could buy us some time . Open a channel . This is Captain La Forge of the Starship Challenger . You seem to be in quite a hurry . You could say that . Why don 't you shut down those impulse engines , drop your shields and let 's talk about this face-to-face ? Mind if I take a rain check ? As a matter of fact , I do . We know what you 're about to attempt and we can 't let that happen , so the Federation Council is willing to make you an offer- - hand over the Borg transmitter , stand down your vessel and the charges of conspiracy will be dropped . That 's not much of an offer . If we succeed , those charges will never have existed in the first place . If you succeed , countless lives will be affected . We 're here to save 150 lives- - our crew . I understand and I might be doing the same thing if I were in your position , but I 've got my own crew to protect , not to mention 15 years of history , so ... I 'm asking you again . Stand down and return the transmitter . You know I can 't do that . And you know I have to try to stop you . Yes , I know . Good luck . Same to you . They 're targeting our engines . Shields to full . Stand by weapons . Voyager to Chakotay . Yes , ma 'am . Prepare to enter the slipstream . Acknowledged . Engage . Slipstream velocity in four , three , two ... Shields down to 62 percent . Return fire . Direct hit . No effect on their shields . We 're no match for them , Chakotay . Keep trying . I don 't mean to be a pest , but we 're losing power back here . Hold on . We 're switching to emergency backup . Thank you . Doc , I need those temporal coordinates now . Badgering me won 't help . I 'm detecting a phase variance- - point one , point two ... Helm ? I 'm still waiting for Harry . Point three . Voyager to Delta Flyer . We need those corrections or we 'll have to shut down the drive . We 're on it , Captain . The threshold is fluctuating . Okay. I can do this . I 'm compensating for the spatial gradients ... Deflector geometry stable . Got it ! I 'm receiving the phase corrections . The phase variance is decreasing . Shields are holding . Looks like we 're on our way . Phase variance is increasing . Point three ... point four . Harry , what 's happening ? The phase variance is still increasing . l-l 'm not sure , Captain . It should be working . I need an answer , Harry . We 're running out of time . Let me try recalibrating the sensors . I might be overcompensating for the variance in the ... We 've lost our com-link . Telemetry 's down , too . The slipstream 's destabilizing . Shut down the drive ! I can 't . There 's some kind of overload in the quantum matrix . I 've lost helm control . I have it . Her cybernetic systems were terminated on Stardate 52164.3 , Borg time index 9.43852 . You 're encoding the transmitter for time index 9.40 ? Uh-huh . That 's less than four minutes before Voyager was destroyed . Cutting it a little close , aren 't we ? This is no ordinary phone call , Doc . We 're talking to yesterday . Timing is everything . I want to make sure Seven of Nine gets the information at just the right moment . There . I 'm bringing up the new phase corrections . This was where l failed 15 years ago , Doc . This time will be different . Captain , I am receiving a transmission . You said the com-link was down . It is . The signal is being routed through one of my cranial implants . It contains a new set of phase corrections . Does Harry know how to access your Borg systems ? No . He must have figured out a way . Enter the corrections . They 're not compensating for the phase variance . The slipstream is collapsing . Full power to the deflector . No effect . Our hull is buckling . Shields at maximum . Hold her steady , Tom . It 's no use . We 're losing attitude control . lnertial dampers off-line ! What about the Delta Flyer ? . There is no sign of them . They must have remained in the slipstream . Voyager 's been thrown into normal space . Alter our slipstream course . We 've got to go back . We can 't . Even if they survived reentry at this velocity , we wouldn 't . What are you saying ? We 've got to find them ! Ensign , there 's no choice . Captain , we 're just a few parsecs from the Alpha Quadrant . Not exactly how I wanted to cross the finish line . Hull breach on Decks 5 through 10 . We 're losing life support . If we don 't land the ship , we 're risking structural collapse . I 'm reading a planet nine million kilometers ahead . It 's Class-L . Do it . We 're coming in too fast . Reverse thrusters . All hands , brace for impact ! We 're still here . Why are we still here ? Mr. Kim ? The new phase corrections didn 't work . Are you certain ? If Voyager had gotten through safely , we wouldn 't still be here trying to save them . The transmitter 's functioning . Seven must have received our message . Chakotay , problems ! I can see that . Our engines are down . They 're locking on to us with a tractor beam . Full thrusters . No effect . Do we have enough power to send a plasma surge through their tractor beam ; break ourselves free ? I think so , but the EPS relays have taken heavy damage . It could destabilize the warp core . If you want to beam over to that ship , I 'll understand . And let you have all the fun ? Harry , we just bought you a few more minutes . Acknowledged . I 'm no time travel expert , but can 't we just call Voyager again ? The past isn 't going anywhere . That 's not going to help if we don 't know what to tell them . The slipstream kinetics look right . Hyperdimensional progressions ... perfect . Maybe it 's the deflector geometry . We 're free . The EPS relays are overloading . Harry , we 're looking at a possible core breach in less than three minutes . How 's it coming back there ? Great ! Just great ! It took me ten years to make these corrections . I can 't fix it in three minutes ! You 've got to try ! I can 't ! It 's not working . Why won 't it work ? ! I killed them ! Control yourself . They trusted me , and I killed them ! Mr. Kim ! I didn 't spend all those years in an ice bucket , so I could listen to you berate yourself . If you want to wallow in self-pity , fine ! Do it on your own time ! Don 't you see ? History 's repeating itself . I destroyed Voyager once , and I 'm doing it again ! Somebody has got to knuckle down and change history and that somebody is you . It can 't be done , Doc . I told you . No , you told me , you can 't correct their phase variance . All right . We have to accept that . But what about sending Voyager a warning ? is there a way to get them to abort the slipstream flight ? Yes . Yes ! I could send a phase correction which would disperse the slipstream entirely . If we can 't get the crew home , at least we can save their lives ! Warning . Warp core breach in 60 seconds . Can you eject the core ? No . Emergency systems are off-line . La Forge to Delta Flyer . Our sensors are reading an overload in your warp matrix . Lower your shields . We 'll beam you out of there . I appreciate the offer , Captain , but the answer 's no . I suggest you get to a safe distance . Warning . Warp core breach in 45 seconds . Harry , now would be a good time . Mr. Kim ! It 's losing power . Warning . Warp core breach in 30 seconds . Your emitter . It 's got its own power source . Would it be enough ? It 's our only chance . Glad you could join us , Doc . It 's been a pleasure . Warning . Warp core breach in 15 seconds . Chakotay , I 'm giving this one more try . Warning . Warp core breach in ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one ... Yes ! Captain , I am receiving a transmission . I thought you said the com-link was down . It is . The signal is being routed through one of my cranial implants . It contains a new set of phase corrections . Does Harry know how to access your Borg systems ? No . He must have figured out a way . Enter the corrections . Captain , the quantum drive just went off-line . We 're dropping to impulse . Captain , we 've lost the slipstream . The slipstream collapsed . We were thrown out right along with Voyager . Our com system 's back up . Delta Flyer to Voyager . What happened ? You miscalculated , Harry . We entered the exact phase corrections you sent to Seven of Nine . They shut down the quantum drive . Captain , I didn 't send any corrections to Seven of Nine . She received a message through one of her cranial implants . It wasn 't you ? No , ma 'am . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Our slipstream flight may have been brief , but it took nearly ten years off our journey . I 've given the order to dismantle the quantum drive until the technology can be perfected . Despite the setback , we have a renewed sense of momentum . It no longer seems a question of if we get home , but when . At ease . Am I interrupting ? No . I just came here to try to figure things out . Phase corrections . The corrections I sent you were wrong . If you had used them , Voyager would have been heavily damaged , maybe even destroyed . What I can 't figure out is who sent the other phase corrections to Seven of Nine . Looks like we 've got a guardian angel . Oh , I wish I could believe that . Believe it . His name is Harry Kim . Captain ? Seven found a Starfleet security code embedded in the transmission- - yours . I 'm telling you , I didn 't send it . Not yet . The transmission had a temporal displacement . We believe it originated from the future- - ten , 20 years from now . We can 't be sure . Wait a second . If I sent a message from the future and changed the past , then that future would no longer exist , right ? So ... how could I have sent the message in the first place ? Am I making any sense ? My advice in making sense of temporal paradoxes is simple- - don 't even try . To me ... all that matters is that somewhere somehow ... sometime , you 'll come through for us . Well , if you won 't take it from me , take it from you . Seven found a log entry encoded in the telemetry ... from Harry Kim to Harry Kim . Hello , Harry . I don 't have much time so listen to me . 15 years ago , I made a mistake and 150 people died . I 've spent every day since then regretting that mistake , but if you 're watching this right now , that means all of that 's changed . You owe me one . Mr. Kim , your assistance , please . Got to go .
