 Full impact . Final round to Janeway . Winner : Janeway . Good game . For you . Oh , come on , Seven . You won four out of ten rounds . Nothing to be ashamed of . On the contrary . I have superior visual acuity and stamina . I should 've won every round . Well , Velocity is more than a test of stamina . It 's a game of wits . You are a frustrating opponent . During the final round after you dropped your phaser , you did not even look at the disk . And yet you were able to acquire the target . Intuition . Intuition is a human fallacy- - the belief that you can predict random events . Oh , belief had nothing to do with it . At some level , conscious or otherwise , I was aware of several factors- - the trajectory of the disk after I hit the wall , the sound it made on its return and the shadow it cast on the holo - grid . lntriguing , but implausible . I won , didn 't I ? Thanks for the match . I wish to play again . Not today . You are fatigued and concerned that I will defeat you . Tired , yes ; concerned , no . Computer , begin first round . Belay that command . Seven , try to be a sport . Game 's over . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51978 . 2 . It 's been five months since we received the encoded message from the Alpha Quadrant . We know that the transmission was from Starfleet Command , but we still can 't decrypt it . B 'Elanna thinks it 's a lost cause , that too much of the datastream has been destroyed , but I haven 't given up . I keep hoping inspiration will strike ... somehow . Good morning . What time is it ? 0500 . Oh ! Well , then good morning . I just heard from Tom and Neelix . They 're about to leave the trading colony . Any luck ? According to Tom , the shuttle 's so loaded down with supplies he won 't make half impulse . Neelix is asking permission to bring one of the locals on board . He 's been very helpful , and Neelix wants to repay him by giving him passage to the next system . Permission granted . You might want to grab some sleep . We 've got a big day ahead . I will in a while . Still hunting for buried treasure . We 've found the treasure . I just can 't pick the lock . I 've tried over 50 decryption algorithms . Every time I piece together a data block , ten more come unraveled . What did Starfleet send us ? A map ? The location of a wormhole ? If I could decode this today , Chakotay , we could be home tomorrow . Then again , it could be Admiral Chapman 's recipe for the perfect pound cake . I 've been pinning our hopes on this message , but I 'm starting to wonder . One way or another , we 've got to find out . I 'll talk to B 'Elanna . You could enlist Seven of Nine . Hmm ... She should have a few Borg algorithms up her sleeve ... if she 's in the mood . Problems ? I don 't know if she 's restless or if it 's just me , but we 're butting heads more than usual lately . She seems to challenge everything I say . She 's learned a lot from you over the last year . Maybe the pupil thinks she 's outgrowing the mentor . Maybe . Well , this mentor would like another cup of coffee . Will you join me ? Love to . This goes to Engineering ... Sick Bay ... Storage . I hope that 's not going to the Mess Hall . I don 't remember what this is . Neelix ! Captain , this man is a genius . I was trying to negotiate with a xenon - based life - form when the universal translator went off - line . Arturis here stepped in and acted as a perfect go - between , and he 'd never heard either of our languages . Oh , they were simple . - Oh ! - No insult intended . Neelix ! On my way . If you two will excuse me . Well , welcome to Voyager . We may be a linguistically simple folk , but we 're happy to give you a ride . Let 's see if we can find you some quarters . Neelix was right . Voyager is a welcoming place . Well , we do our best . I can 't say I 've ever met a living universal translator . Oh , my people have a way with languages . I , myself , know over 4 , 000 . And to think I still struggle with basic Klingon . You couldn 't have heard Neelix say more than a few phrases . It was all I needed . It was enough to grasp the grammar and syntax . Impressive . Oh , not really . It 's a natural ability . Some species are born with great physical prowess , others , like yours , with a generosity of spirit . My people can see patterns where others see only confusion . is something wrong ? No . Tell me ... how are you at computational languages ? Algorithms ? Trinary syntax ? It 's all the same to me . I was wondering if you might do us another favor . You weren 't exaggerating , Captain . This datastream is badly damaged . I 'd like to see the entire transmission again . Are you ... Borg ? Yes . You 're much more attractive than the average drone . I am no longer part of the collective . Ah ! I see , I see . I think I see the problem . Well , may I ? Please . Have you encountered his people before ? Species 1 16 . is that what you call us ? Yes . The Borg has never been able to assimilate them . Not yet . Seven ... Oh , it 's all right , Captain . The Borg collective is like a force of nature . You don 't feel anger toward a storm on the horizon . You just avoid it . Ah . Here it is . It 's a simple matter of extracting the iconometric elements and triaxilating a recursion matrix . Now , why didn 't I think of that ? There 's a great deal of information here , Captain . I think it might be useful to utilize the other monitors . You 've done it . Almost. I 've reconstructed over 68 kiloquads of information , but a lot of it is still garbled . What about that data block , 14 - beta ? That part of the message is too degraded to recover . Captain , I 've found a spatial grid . They 've marked a set of coordinates . It 's less than ten light - years from here . Maybe Starfleet wants us to proceed to that location . Maybe . There 's only one way to find out . We 're approaching the coordinates . Take us out of warp . Scan the vicinity . I am picking up a vessel . On screen . Identify . Unless I am mistaken , Captain , the warp signature is Starfleet . I 'll be damned . They came through . Tuvok ? Hailing them . No response . Life signs ? There is no organic matter of any kind . No sign of damage to the outer hull . Primary systems are on line , including life support . Something must have happened to the crew . The answer is somewhere in that Starfleet transmission . We need to finish decoding it . May I call on your talents again ? Of course . Take an away team . Secure the vessel . Tom , Tuvok . Captain , I won 't pretend to know you well , but I am surprised you 're not more ... encouraged by this discovery . I 've learned to walk the line between hope and caution . We 've had other opportunities that didn 't work out . But I will admit , I 'm leaning toward hope this time . Wow . Wow , indeed . I 've never seen this kind of hull geometry . Looks like they 're taking a whole new approach to starship design . The USS Dauntless . Registry : NX01 - A. Launch date : 51472 . 60 , 000 light - years in three months . I 'm trying to access the crew logs , but there are none . I don 't think there was a crew . This helm was set for auto - navigation to these coordinates . It appears that Starfleet has provided us with a new ship . Let 's not pack our bags just yet . I 'd still like to know how they ... I 'm reading power fluctuations in the warp core- - if you can call it a warp core . I don 't recognize this engine configuration . Let 's go take a look . I think we 've found our engine core . Some kind of new warp drive ? It 's not antimatter . It 's ... I don 't know what it is . They call this thing a " quantum slipstream drive . " Quantum slipstream ? I 've never seen that in the engineering manuals . The ship 's powering up . Auto - navigation is kicking in . Bridge to Janeway . The vessel 's moving away at high impulse . I can 't raise the away team . Pursuit course , Ensign . I can 't shut down the drive ! Computer , disable propulsion ! Unable to comply . Hang on ! Bridge to Janeway . They 're gone . Look at this . Energy from the quantum drive is being routed through the main deflector . is that what 's creating the slipstream ? It looks that way . Fascinating . Can you make it stop ? I 'll try accessing helm controls . We 're back in normal space . Scan for Voyager . No sign of them . Commander ... we 've traveled over 15 light - years . Captain 's Log , supplemental . After two days at high warp , we 've rendezvoused with the Dauntless . Arturis has helped us reconstruct most of the Starfleet message . The pieces of this puzzle are finally coming together . Slipstream technology is experimental and high risk , but it 's come a long way in the past year . We 've conducted 47 trial runs , all of them successful , but each flight lasted only five days . In order to reach Earth , you 'd have to remain at slipstream velocity for a full three months . Can your crew survive that long ? We believe they can , and we encourage you to try . Everything you 'll need is on the Dauntless- - power cells , supplies , living quarters . Safe journey . We hope to see you soon . Admiral Hayes . Good man . Fine officer . Bit of a windbag . Let 's talk about the risk . Doctor ? I 've examined the away team for signs of cell damage or physiological stress- - nothing . Their little joyride didn 't harm them in the slightest . Long - term effects ? I 'm running the medical projections right now . So far , the results are encouraging . And the Dauntless itself ? I 'd say it 's in pretty good shape , considering . I 've been looking over the primary systems : helm , ops , tactical . They 're comparable to Voyager 's , but it 's a lean ship , Captain- - no shuttlecraft , only one transporter , no holodecks , no replicators ... Well , Mr. Neelix , you may have your work cut out for you . Ready and willing , Captain . So , what are we waiting for ? Your enthusiasm is premature . Voyager is a proven vessel . It would be reckless to abandon it so quickly . Come on , where 's that Borg spirit ? We 'll adapt . My Borg spirit gives me an objectivity you lack . She has a point . This would mean leaving Voyager behind . is there any way we could modify Voyager to create a slipstream ? In theory , but I don 't think the ship would hold up very long under the quantum stresses . Try to make the modifications . If there 's a way we can bring Voyager along for the ride , I 'm all for it . Harry , B 'Elanna , I want you to take an engineering team down to the Dauntless . Start working on a way to shut down the slipstream drive - at a moment 's notice . - Aye , Captain . Once we have that safeguard in place , we can start making the test flights . I want this entire crew to familiarize themselves with that ship . See to it . Dismissed . Tuvok ... big day . Indeed . A way home . We 've been waiting for this moment for years . Why don 't I feel more enthusiastic ? Perhaps my mental discipline is rubbing off on you . Perhaps . What do you think about this little miracle of ours ? I share your concern about the crew 's safety . We must take every precaution . Somehow , I don 't think standard diagnostics and security protocols are going to make me feel any better . Captain ? All of this is just a little too perfect . The alien genius with the answers to all of our problems ... the message from Starfleet telling us everything we want to hear ... a starship delivered to our doorstep ... What more could we ask for ? They even turned down the beds . The only thing missing was chocolates on the pillows . It does seem convenient . I can 't put my finger on it , but from the moment this all started , I sensed something was wrong . It started when Arturis boarded Voyager . Exactly . We 'll proceed as planned , but I want you to investigate that ship from stem to stern and keep an eye on our guest . See if you can find out more about him . Understood . Let 's hope we 're just suffering from some good old - fashioned paranoia . Keep me posted . Captain 's Log , supplemental . So far , the crew hasn 't found any evidence to support my doubts about Arturis . Nevertheless , I 've told them to keep looking and to keep their optimism in check . But that 's one order I don 't expect them to follow to the letter ... Daily Log , Seven of Nine , Stardate 51981 . 6 . I 've analyzed the quantum slipstream technology of the Dauntless . It is similar to the transwarp drive used by the Borg . As a result , my expertise will be crucial to the mission 's success . Voyager 's crew is counting on that success , but I find myself ambivalent , so I am carrying out my ... Despite my apprehension , I can 't help but wonder what I 'll be doing in three months ' time- - still guiding Voyager through the Delta Quadrant , searching for a way home , or looking up old friends in Indiana ? If we do return to Sector 001 , will I adapt to human civilization- - a single Borg among billions of individuals ? lnitiate emergency shutdown on my mark . Now . Quantum field strength down to 90 percent . 80 percent . It 's leveling off at 7 5 . We need to dampen the field by at least 50 percent . Try reversing the quantum field polarities . 70 percent . 55 ... 49 percent . We did it . We 've got our safety net . One step closer to home . Tuvok wants us to run a metallurgical analysis of the bulkheads to look for anything unusual . Thank you . You two run the analysis . I 'll be on the Bridge with Arturis . Our resident genius said he 'd help me figure out how to use the control sequencers . Lieutenant , you seem eager to return to Earth . " Eager . " I wouldn 't go that far . You were a member of the Maquis . Starfleet Command will no doubt hold you responsible for a multitude of crimes . You will find nothing on Earth but adversity . Well , that 's looking on the bright side . Let 's put it this way : I 'd rather face the music at home than spend the rest of my life in the Delta Quadrant . What about you ? Looking forward to seeing Earth ? No . I 'm not surprised . You think people are going to resent an ex - Maquis ? What about an ex - drone ? We 'll be outcasts together . I 'm kidding , Seven . It 's a joke . Work on that sense of humor . It 'll help you make friends on Earth . Seven , can you give me a hand down here ? I 'm picking up an anomalous energy surge . There are no power conduits running through this section . Believe me , Seven , one look at that big , blue marble and you 'll fall in love . It 's got just about every ecosystem you can think of and hundreds of different humanoid species live there : Vulcans , Bolians , Ktarians ... if you like Ktarians . And there are several other planets to choose from . If you will excuse me , Ensign , I must speak to the Captain . Seven . For what it 's worth , it won 't be the same without you . Kim to Tuvok . Tuvok here . I 'm on the Dauntless in the Engine Room , and I found something that qualifies as unusual . I 'll be right there . Computer , display data block 14 - beta , auxiliary display . Seven , I could use your help . I 'm trying to reconstruct the last fragment of the Starfleet message . Arturis said it was irreparably damaged . I know , but I think he gave up too easily . Intuition . It 's intuition if I 'm right . I 've designed a new decryption algorithm . Let 's give it a try . Captain ... I will not be going with you to the Alpha Quadrant . I can understand your reluctance . It 's been hard enough dealing with a crew of 150 individual humans . The prospect of an entire planet must be overwhelming . I am not overwhelmed . I simply do not wish to live among humans . Well , whether you like it or not , you 're one of us . You 've come a long way from that drone who stepped out of a Borg alcove nine months ago . Don 't turn your back on humanity now , not when you 're about to take your biggest step- - Earth ... your home . I may have come a long way , but not in the direction you think . You 've attempted to influence my development . You exposed me to your culture , your ideals . You hoped to shape me in your own image , but you have failed . You may have noticed our tendency to disagree . Oh , I 've noticed . Then you must also recognize that I do not share your values . Your desire to explore space is inefficient . Your need for familial connections is a weakness . Your infatuation with this planet is irrational . I won 't argue that you 've turned out differently than I expected , and that we often have conflicting points of view . But right now , the stakes are higher . This crew needs your expertise . Abandon them , and you diminish their chances - of getting home . - irrelevant . No , it 's not . We 've given you a lot , Seven . It 's time you gave something in return . I have ... on many occasions . Now I refuse . What would you do , go back to the collective ? I don 't know . Then what exactly do you have in mind ? I don 't know . That 's my point . You 're asking me to cast you adrift in the Delta Quadrant , alone and without support . I wouldn 't grant that request to any member of this crew , because it 's too dangerous . I will survive . On what , Borg perfection ? Precisely . I don 't buy it . This isn 't about your independence , your superiority . This is about your fear . You 're not making this choice because you 've outgrown humanity . I think you 're afraid to go back to Earth . The algorithm 's working . It 's reconstructing the data block . That 's strange . I thought we already recovered this part of the message . Perhaps it is an addendum from the Admiral . You did designate him a windbag . Oh , I don 't think so . The data index doesn 't match . This is a completely different message . Apologies from everyone at Starfleet Command . We 've had our best people working around the clock trying to find a wormhole , a new means of propulsion- - anything to get you back home . But despite our best efforts ... I know it 's not what you were hoping . But we have sent you all the data we 've collected on the Delta Quadrant . With any luck , you 'll find at least some part of it useful , maybe enough to shave a few years off your trip . Safe journey . We hope to see you soon . Your intuition was correct . Unfortunately . Arturis must have created a false message . It sure as hell looks that way . Janeway to Tuvok . Yes , Captain . My suspicions have been confirmed . Arturis tampered with Starfleet 's message . The Dauntless isn 't what it appears to be . I agree . We 've discovered alien technology behind a bulkhead in Engineering . I can 't identify it . Where 's Arturis now ? On the Dauntless Bridge , working with Lieutenant Torres . Go to the Bridge , but don 't tip our hand . I 'll be there with a full security team within minutes . Understood . Let 's get weapons . Don 't touch that ! You almost kicked us into slipstream drive . Oh. I wouldn 't want to do that . Ku cha mee - roch . No problem . You speak Klingon . I do now . Your Captain was kind enough to let me review your linguistic database . I only speak a few phrases myself . Oh , a shame . It 's a robust language . A little too robust for me . Evacuate the repair teams . Captain ? Do it . Explain yourself . I don 't know what you 're talking about . You fabricated the message from Starfleet . I recovered the real transmission- - the one you said was irreparably damaged . That 's absurd . Starfleet didn 't send us this vessel . And you 're not here to help . is this your ship ? Please , I ... stay calm . There must be an explanation . I tried to ignore my gut feelings , because I got carried away with the excitement of getting home . But you preyed on that , didn 't you ? You took advantage of our hopes , and now I want to know why . I ... believe that there is a threat here , Captain . But not from me . I didn 't feel it was my place to make accusations , but I saw her reconfigure several key algorithms two days ago in the Astrometrics Lab . And it seemed obvious she must have been tampering with the Starfleet message . You are lying . She 's been sabotaging your every effort to reach Earth . You don 't have to believe me , Captain . You can find all the evidence you need in her personal database . Evidence you undoubtedly put there yourself , just in case you got caught . Take him to Voyager . Throw him in the brig . Janeway to Voyager . Beam us out of here . He 's trying to deflect our transporters . Stand by . I 've got everyone but Seven and the Captain . He 's found a way to block their transport . The ship 's going into slipstream mode . Pursuit course . We lost them , Commander . Tom , bring the warp core modifications on line . We 're going after them . Sir , we haven 't even had a trial run yet . There 's no time like the present . Where are you taking us ? Home . How 'd you create the Starfleet Bridge ? Holograms ? Particle synthesis . Beyond your understanding . is this what your people do ? Prey on innocent ships ? " innocent . " Typical of Captain Janeway- - self - righteous . If I 've offended you or your people in some way , please tell me . Diplomacy , Captain ? Your diplomacy destroyed my world ! What ? What are you saying ? You negotiated an agreement with the Borg collective- - safe passage through their space , and in return , you helped them defeat one of their enemies . Species 8472 . In your colorful language , yes- - Species 8472 . Did it ever occur to you that there were those of us in the Delta Quadrant with a vested interest in that war ? Victory would have meant annihilation of the Borg , but you couldn 't see beyond the bow of your own ship ! In my estimation , Species 8472 posed a greater threat than the Borg . Who were you to make that decision- - a stranger to this Quadrant ? There wasn 't exactly time to take a poll . I had to act quickly . My people managed to elude the Borg for centuries- - outwitting them , always one step ahead . But in recent years , the Borg began to weaken our defenses . They were closing in , and Species 8472 was our last hope to defeat them . You took that away from us ! The outer colonies were the first to fall- - 23 in a matter of hours . Our sentry vessels tossed aside . No defense against the storm . And by the time they had surrounded our star system- - hundreds of cubes- - we had already surrendered to our own terror . A few of us managed to survive- - ten , 20 , 000 . I was fortunate . I escaped with a vessel , alone ... but alive . I don 't blame them . They were just drones , acting with their collective instinct . You ! You had a choice ! I am sorry for what happened to your people , but try to understand . I couldn 't have known . It took me months to find you . I watched and waited for my opportunity to make you pay for what you 'd done . Then the Starfleet message . And I knew that your selfish desire to get home would surface again , that I could lure you to this vessel , that I could see to it that you 'd all be assimilated and spend the rest of eternity as Borg ! I was hoping to get your entire crew , but I 'll settle for the two of you . In a matter of hours , this ship will return to my homeworld ... inside Borg space . When that happens , you will be assimilated , as well . That 's irrelevant . This is what you wanted all along , isn 't it ? To go back to your collective ? You should thank me . Report . We 're at full impulse , but we 're not breaking through the quantum barrier . I 'm having trouble controlling the field parameters . I need more power to the deflector . Bridge to Torres . I 'm already on it , Commander . Stand by . Reroute auxiliary power to deflector control . Make sure that quantum warp field is stable . Aye , Lieutenant . Deflector at maximum . I 'm focusing the quantum field . Make it quick . Hull temperature 's at critical . We 're at slipstream velocity . Structural integrity is down by nine percent . We 've got less than an hour before the hull starts to buckle . I 've located their slipstream . I 'm aligning ours to match . We 're right behind them . How far behind ? Just a few minutes . is there any way to increase our speed ? None . We 're at maximum . Maintain course . If I know the Captain , she 's already got a plan . Any ideas ? Not presently . We better think of something . We come face - to - face with your former family in less than an hour , and that 's one reunion I 'd like to miss . Unless , of course , you 're looking forward to rejoining the collective . I do not believe I am . Not the ringing opposition I was hoping for , but I 'll take it . A drone could walk through this force field like it was thin air . is there enough Borg technology left in your body to let it adapt ? If I activate the appropriate nanoprobes , I could alter my bioelectric field . However , I would need to adjust my cranial implant . Would a microfilament do the trick ? It might . Then let 's get you one . Once you get outside , access that control panel and disable the force field . Then we 'll try to reach the engine room . And employ the emergency shutdown procedure . Sufficient . You will need to cross - link the third and sixth nodules . Déjá vu . Captain ? If I recall , this is where our relationship began in a brig nine months ago . I severed you from the collective , and you weren 't exactly happy about it . No , I was not . In case I never get a chance to say this ... I realize that I 've been hard on you at times , but it was never out of anger or regret that I brought you on board . I 'm your Captain . That means I can 't always be a friend . Understand ? No . However , if we are assimilated our thoughts will become one , and I 'm sure I will understand perfectly . A joke , Captain . You yourself have encouraged me to use my sense of humor . Well , it 's nice to know you 've taken some of my advice to heart . You were correct , Captain . Hmm ? My desire to remain in the Delta Quadrant was based on fear . I am no longer Borg , but the prospect of becoming human is ... unsettling . I don 't know where l belong . You belong with us . The adaptations are complete . We 're in business . I can 't initiate the emergency shutdown . Our commands are being blocked from the Bridge . He 's detected us . The ship 's velocity has just increased . At our present speed , we will enter Borg space in less than 12 minutes . Do we still have access to the power distribution grid ? Yes . If we can 't throw on the brakes , let 's swerve the wheel . Send a power surge into the starboard thrusters . The torsional stress at these speeds could tear the ship apart . It 's either that or join the hive . Do it . If we 're still in one piece , try to gain control of navigation . I 'll be on the Bridge . We have a game of Velocity scheduled for tomorrow , Holodeck One . I expect you to keep the appointment . Aye , Captain . Sorry about the bumpy ride . You can slow this ship down , but you can 't stop it . In four minutes , Captain Janeway will be gone , and a new drone will be born . Don 't count on it . Seven of Nine has accessed your navigational systems . You taught us how to use this ship a little too well . I can 't begin to imagine your loss , but try to see beyond your desire for revenge . Revenge is all I have left . No , no . As long as you 're alive , there 's hope . Your people 's accomplishments their knowledge , their dignity can survive in you . End this . I 've just destroyed the navigational controls . No one can stop this ship now , not even me . Two minutes to Borg space . Direct hit . The vessel 's shields are down . Transporter standing by . Get a lock on our people . Voyager . Come with me . It 's not too late . It is for you . I 've got them , Commander- - Transporter Room Two . Alter our slipstream , hard starboard . Take us back the way we came . We are the Borg . You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We remained in the quantum slipstream for an hour before it finally collapsed . Our diagnostics have concluded that we can 't risk using this technology again , but we did manage to get 300 light - years closer to home . Full impact . Final round to Janeway . Winner : Janeway . Nice play . You almost had me . Almost . Go again ? I must report to the Astrometrics Lab . There is work to be done . Work ? I gave the crew strict orders to take some RR over the next few days , and that includes you . There are more pressing needs . I am attempting to design another method of traveling at slipstream velocities without damaging Voyager . I thought that was impossible . " impossible " is a word that humans use far too often . I wish to continue my efforts . A few days ago , you were ready to abandon ship , and here you are , practically laying in a course to Earth . As we approached Borg space , I began to reevaluate my future . The prospect of becoming a drone ... was unappealing . Sometimes you 've got to look back in order to move forward . Sounds to me like you 're starting to embrace your humanity . No ... but as I said , nothing is impossible . Computer ... one more game .
