 Welcome to Earth . I am Admiral Bullock and I will be your commanding officer for the next six months . Questions , comments- - bring them to me . Problems- - talk to Lieutenant Kinis . Larson ... you 're assigned to the Federation Counsel Deputy Liaison Officer . Young and Reiskin , report to Orbital Flight Control . You 'll be monitoring incoming vessels from the Bolian sector . Report back to your commanding officer as soon as you 've completed your assignments . I can save you some time there , son . They 're bamboo . I know that . Unfortunately , my tricorder is reading them as maple trees . I think the isodyne relays must be malfunctioning . Well , why don 't you pay a visit to Logistical Support ? Maybe they 'll issue you a new one . Good idea . I 'm going that way myself . Mind some company ? Not at all . So , what 's your assignment here ? I don 't know . I haven 't received my orders yet . I just arrived . From where ? A three-year tour on the intrepid . is that a fact ? I thought the intrepid was patrolling the Neutral Zone . It is. I caught a transport vessel at Deep Space 7 . Got tired of wrestling with the Romulans ? Let 's just say it 's good to be back . What about yourself ? How long have you been posted here , Mister ... ? Boothby . Boothby is the name . Boothby , I 've heard of you . I should hope so . I 've been tending these grounds for 54 years . Give or take a few months . And beautiful grounds they are . Mm-hmm . Logistical Support . Straight through the main complex , second door on your right . Thank you . Commander . Logistics is a secure area . They won 't let you in with that holo-imaging device . Fresh from the Neutral Zone ... You 're not a Romulan double agent are you , son ? Actually , I was just recording a few images for my friends back home . Would you mind posing for a shot ? Me ? You want a picture of me ? The one and only Boothby . My friends would be impressed . Well , when you put it that way . Cadet ! Take our picture , will you ? Don 't cut off our heads . I expect a copy of that , young man . You 're in my seat . And you 're reading my book . You want my drink , too ? Depends . What is it ? Klingon martini- - vermouth , gin , with a dash of bloodwine . Bloodwine- - never touch the stuff . What do you like ? Excuse me , I was waiting for a friend . Valerie Archer . Hayek . Jason Hayek . Nice tattoo . I bet there 's a story behind it . A long one . A Cave Beyond Logic : Vulcan Perspectives on Platonic Thought . Sounds fascinating . You can borrow it if you like . Thanks anyway . I can only take small doses of Vulcan philosophy . Stationed here ? Temporarily . Where do you call home ? You first . Where are you from ? Everywhere . My parents were starship officers . By the time I was ten , I 'd seen half the Quadrant . Starfleet brat . Bratty as they come . Can I ask you a question ? Have you ever reverted ? Reverted ? Not yet . Ensign O 'Halloran , this is his third time this week . If it happens again , they 'll pull him out of training . What about you ? Any trouble ? Oh , I can keep my human form . It 's the little things that bother me . Little things ? Breathing oxygen , bipedal locomotion , and sleeping- - the concept of being unconscious for eight hours a night , it 's so ... alien . I know what you mean . That 's why I started reading their books . For some reason , it helps me relax . But we shouldn 't be talking about this . Think human . Talk human . Be human . Remember ? How could I forget ? So , had a chance to take a look around ? Not yet . Headquarters has a lot more to offer than conference rooms and consoles ... if you have the right guide . is that an invitation ? I get off duty at 1900 hours . Commander . Speak of the devil . We were just discussing Vulcan philosophy . Join us . Another time perhaps . We have work to do . Oh , can 't it wait ? I 'm afraid not . What about tonight ? Do we have a date ? 1900 hours- - meet you right here . I 'll do my best . Live long and prosper . A " date " ? Relax , Tuvok . I plan on standing her up . We agreed to limit our investigation to surveillance . It was worth the risk . She talked about training . These are some kind of aliens learning to pose as humans . For what purpose ? I don 't know . I didn 't get that far . We 're due back at the transporter coordinates . Excuse me ! Gentlemen ! You 've entered a restricted area , captains and above . Sorry , we didn 't realize ... I 'm going to have to ask you to come with me . Why ? All unauthorized personnel are to be debriefed by Starfleet Intelligence . Direct orders from Admiral Bullock . Listen , Ensign , we 're late for a meeting with Starfleet Command . The debriefing will have to wait . I 'm sorry , Commander . Very well . When he regains consciousness , he 'll no doubt want to report this incident . Chakotay to Paris . Three to beam up . Three ? I 'll explain later . Who 's that ? One of Starfleet 's finest . Take us to Voyager . What did you find down there ? Earth . Welcome aboard . Where am I ? On a starship . What starship ? Why have you brought me here ? I 'll be reporting this incident to the Admiral . You can drop the charade . We know you 're not human . Who are you ? Gentry , David . Rank : Ensign . Starfleet service number 9-9-beta-3-2-7-8 . Planet of origin : Earth . We 're not interested in your knowledge of human culture . We 're not part of your re-creation . I 'm Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . I 'm from Earth . You 're not . Gentry , David . Rank : Ensign . Starfleet Service Number 9-9-beta-3-2-7-8 . Doctor . What are you doing ? I need a sample of your DNA . Why ? Since you won 't tell us who you are , we have no choice but to find out for ourselves . You won 't be harmed . Gentry to Headquarters . Security alert ! We 've disabled your combadge . No ! Don 't touch me . Disease ! Humans ! It appears he 's released a cellular toxin into his bloodstream . He 's dead . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Until we know exactly what 's going on , I 'm keeping Voyager concealed behind a class-3 moon . Federation Council , Astrophysics , Starfleet Medical Complex . They even re-created the officers ' club- - the Quantum Cafe . Computer , return to time index 4228 . That 's Boothby . Captain ? The head groundskeeper at Starfleet Academy . When I was a cadet , he used to give me fresh roses for my quarters . It 's safe to assume this individual is not Boothby . Whoever they are , they 've gathered incredibly accurate information about Starfleet Headquarters . Perhaps they had access to a Federation database . Or they 've been to San Francisco . The habitat 's population consists of humans , Vulcans , Bolians , Ferengi ... All Alpha Quadrant species . What do we know about this artificial environment , Seven ? I 've used the tricorder data holo-images and astrometric scans to extrapolate a cross-section of the interior . I believe they used a combination of holographic projection and particle synthesis . Power source ? There are 13 thermionic generators beneath the city . I can 't identify the energy signatures . The habitat 's heavily fortified . They are well prepared to defend against an attack . Sick Bay to Captain . Go ahead . I 've completed my postmortem analysis . You 'd better get down here . On my way . If this is a training ground , it could mean they 're planning an invasion of the Federation . We should prepare for the worst . See if you can find a way to penetrate their defenses . He may look human , he may sound human , he may even smell human , but there 's no question- - he 's alien . Was he genetically altered ? On a highly sophisticated level . If it weren 't for microcellular scans , I wouldn 't be able to distinguish him from the genuine article . I 've managed to isolate the alien DNA . Fortunately , most of his cells are still chemically active . If I use a cytokinetic injection , I should be able to trigger a genetic reversion . Do it . Talk about a wolf in sheep 's clothing . Species 8472 . The question is : Why are they training to pose as human beings ? Back in the 20th century , the Soviets used to build American towns to train their agents to infiltrate the United States . Species 8472 could be doing the same thing . They 're going to infiltrate the Alpha Quadrant . Maybe they already have . Tom 's right . How else could they have gathered their information about us ? Perhaps they acquired it from the Borg . It doesn 't matter how they got their data . We need to find out what they intend to do with it . If our previous experience is any indication , they will try to destroy Earth . A logical assumption . They did threaten to purge our galaxy of all life . Tuvok , keep working on a way to target their habitat 's power source . We 're going to need nanoprobe warheads and plenty of them . Seven , see to it . Yes , Captain . In the meantime , I 've got a date to keep . I made contact with one of them- - Commander Valerie Archer . Maybe I can capitalize on the relationship , get a better idea of what they 're planning . Tom , Harry , take him back in the Delta Flyer . Keep a constant transporter lock on him . If Species 8472 attacks Earth ... the Federation won 't have any defenses against them and I don 't need to remind you that we have no way to warn Starfleet Command . Voyager may be the last defense against an all-out invasion of Earth . Last minute preparations ? Just planning my big night out . I can recommend a nice Japanese replimat on the Embarcadero . I was never very good with chopsticks . Starfleet Headquarters . Brings back memories even if it is just a re-creation . I remember my last visit there . I was given my general orders for Voyager 's first mission- - proceed to the Badlands , and find the Maquis . The orders that brought us together . What about you ? When was the last time you were at Headquarters ? Before today ? March 3 , 2368- - the day I resigned my commission . I can still remember the look on the Admiral 's face . Which one ? Namimby . He taught at the Academy , didn 't he ? That 's right . interspecies ethics , wasn 't it ? Tactical analysis . Of course . Kathryn , you think I might be one of them . You 're testing me . You and Tuvok were in the alien habitat for nearly three hours . Anything could have happened down there . True . Why don 't you have Tuvok meet us in Sick Bay ? The Doctor can perform a microcellular analysis . Tuvok 's already there . You could 've just asked me to report to Sick Bay . Given Ensign Gentry 's reaction , I thought I 'd be a little more tactful . You 're not taking any chances , are you ? Don 't feel singled out . I 've asked the Doctor to examine the entire crew . There 's no telling how 8472 got their information about Starfleet- - from the Borg , Earth . For all we know , there 's been an impostor on board . Cell morphology normal . All of your nucleotide sequences are accounted for . You 're 100 percent human . That 's a relief . And Tuvok ? Green-blooded Vulcan through and through . Well , two down , 125 to go . You 'd better get going . Right . I don 't want to be late . Just be home before midnight . Yes , ma 'am . I 've enhanced this tricorder with a transoptic datalink . It should help you access some of their systems . Type-1 phaser , modified to fire Borg nanoprobes . Right . Do you always arm yourself before a first date ? You 've never had a date with Species 8472 . Personally , I don 't go out with girls from other galaxies . You 're a true explorer , Chakotay . is she cute ? In her human form , anyway . I 've always wondered what it would be like to date an alien . I 'll take notes . We 're making our approach . All stop . Shields up . Feisty little fellows . You 've increased their cellular motility by over 200 percent . I thought it would be prudent to maximize their efficiency . Seven , the last time we used nanoprobes , we sent 8472 scurrying back to fluidic space . You can 't get more efficient than that . The species is highly adaptive . It 's been over a year since our first encounter . They may have developed a defense against our technology . There 's one way to find out . We can test the nanoprobes on our corpse . You 'll find the body in Morgue Chamber 3 . Beam it to the surgical bay . The creature 's only been dead for a few hours . There should still be plenty of cellular activity . lnitiate a bio-scan , full spectrum . Don 't worry . It 's an autonomic reflex . The creature still has residual bio-electric activity in its nervous system . Something 's wrong . The nanoprobes should have taken effect by now . Hmm . What is it ? The creature 's nucleotides are still intact . It looks like your concerns were warranted . We 'll have to inform the Captain . - We may have to ... - Doctor . Hmm . False alarm . I will replicate more nanoprobes . I don 't mind telling you , Seven , I 'm still holding out for a diplomatic solution . Improbable . Species 8472 will not respond to diplomacy . Funny . We used to say the same thing about the Borg . My point is , anything 's possible if you keep an open mind . Optimism , Seven . Try to look on the bright side . It is difficult to be optimistic when we are preparing for battle . Have you ever heard the phrase " the best defense is a good offense " ? No . Throughout human history , weapons of mass destruction were often designed in the hopes that they 'd never be used . And yet , in Earth 's third world war , nuclear weapons accounted for 600 million casualties . Were they looking on the bright side ? An unfortunate exception . We were just talking about you . Oh ? She didn 't think you were going to show up . Boothby ! I 've known Archer since she was a first-year cadet . She 's not easily impressed . I didn 't think you were her type . Oh , uh , if you 'll excuse me , I 've got some midnight orchids that need my attention . Think about what I said , young lady . You 'll be fine . Thank you , Boothby . Problems ? I was offered a field commission this morning . First Officer of the Starship Hor-CHA . Congratulations . It 's a Klingon vessel . Oh . So , what did Boothby say ? Du cha mee gagh roch . " Smile when you eat the gagh . " Wise words . Yeah . Do you always seek advice from the groundskeeper ? Half the captains in Starfleet wouldn 't be where they are today if it weren 't for Boothby . Lopez , Picard , Richardson ... just to name a few . Closing time . You offered to be my guide . Where 's our next stop ? Can you dance ? I 've been accused of trying . It 's Pon farr Night at the Vulcan nightclub . Vulcan ? It 's just around the corner . Take it easy , Harry . We didn 't build the Delta Flyer to withstand such extensive pacing . He should have contacted us by now . Give him time . Four hours ? It 's a date . These things can 't be rushed . They probably just finished dinner , a couple of drinks , and now , they are moving past the polite stage . " Polite stage . " The last 8472 I met tried to dissolve me from the inside out . It was only trying to get to know you better , Harry . You can 't fault a person for that . Look , Chakotay can take care of himself and if he can 't , who better than us to come to the rescue ? Turns out the transporter malfunctioned . My uniform ended up in the pattern buffer . You 're kidding . You were naked ? Not entirely . I had my combadge . I hope it was well-placed . Computer , lights . So this is where they 're putting up officers nowadays . Not bad . Can I get you something to drink ? Water 's fine . I 'm beginning to think you 're a teetotaler . I like to stay in control . Always at Yellow Alert , huh ? Something like that . Find anything interesting ? Beyond the Galactic Edge : Humanity 's Quest for lnfinity . This is a 21st century edition of Hesterman , isn 't it ? Replicated . Good book , though . Never read it . You should . Human beings- - they 're quite a paradox . Oh ? How so ? At first glance ... they 're so primitive- - genetic impurities , no telepathy , violent- - and yet they 've created so many beautiful ways to communicate their ideas- - literature , art , music . At times , I 've actually enjoyed being in this form . You must think I 'm crazy . Not at all . I wonder what they think about us ? Hard to say . I 'll tell you what I think . They despise us . They 'll attack any species that 's not a part of their Federation . Mmm . Speaking of being in human form , I could use an isomorphic injection . You need one ? I 'm fine . Make yourself at home . Commander . How do you like the view ? Lovely . Looks like a full moon . You can see the entire bay on a night like this . I should have brought my holo-imager . You make a pretty picture . Mm , feel that ? Salinated oxygen molecules stimulating the epidermal neural receptors . Non-fluidic space has its charms . No argument there . Planet Earth . The simulation will be real soon enough . How soon do you think ? Weeks , days . As soon as they think we 're ready . Can I be honest with you ? Please . I 'm starting to wonder if all this is worth the effort . What do you mean ? This simulation , our mission- - are we certain the humans pose a threat ? They were allies with the Borg . They invaded our realm . That was one incident . Doesn 't mean the entire Federation is planning a war against us . We can 't trust them . We have to prepare for the worst . I 'm not so sure . I think you 've been human a little too long . Before you know it , I 'll be sending my résumé to the real Starfleet . " Alien from distant galaxy seeks employment . References available upon request . " Well , it 's getting late . I 'd better go . Already ? I have a tactical report to finish before morning . Aren 't we forgetting something ? I 'm no expert at human dating rituals , but I think it 's customary to kiss good night . You 've never done this before . Actually ... Me , neither . Just ... think of it as part of our training . Report . I analyzed his DNA . Your suspicions were correct . How much does he know ? It 's difficult to say . He 'll have to be interrogated . Where is he ? By now , he should be in the main quad . I recommend we go to daylight . He 'll be easier to track . Chakotay to Paris . Delta Flyer , respond ! Yes , come in . The Borg modifications are complete . 19 standard photon torpedoes and three class-10s armed with high-yield warheads . More . We 've depleted our supply of nanoprobes . Replicate a new supply . That is not possible . Have the Doctor extract them from your bloodstream , grow them in a petri dish , whatever it takes . If we do engage 8472 , I don 't intend to run out of firepower mid-battle . You of all people should understand that . They killed what- - four million drones ? Directive 010 : " Before engaging alien species in battle , " any and all attempts to make first contact and achieve nonmilitary resolution must be made . " In this case , we made first contact over a year ago and we barely got out of it alive . It seems to me a battle is inevitable . Maybe even war . So why can 't I get that directive out of my mind ? This species intends to purge our galaxy of all life . It 's time you resisted your Starfleet philosophy . Captain to the Bridge . The away team is hailing us . Tom . Chakotay 's in trouble . He tried to contact us ten minutes ago , but his signal was cut off . Some kind of force field went up around the habitat . We can 't get a lock on him . Has your vessel been detected ? I don 't think so . At least no one 's tried to take a shot at us yet . Hold your position . Keep trying to locate him . We 're on our way . Yes , ma 'am . Bring those Borg weapons on line . Red Alert . All hands to battle stations . Take us out of orbit . I thought you had a tactical report to finish . What 'll you have , son ? I 'm a single malt man , myself . Aged 200 years . Been saving it for a special occasion . And I 'd say this is special enough , mm-hmm . A toast ... to Earth . Ah . Chakotay . Rank : Commander . Starfleet Service Number : 47-Alpha-6-1-2 . First Officer , USS Voyager . Species 8472 . Origin : Fluidic space . Well , now that we 've been formally introduced , how many ships ? Cat got your tongue ? I asked you a question . How many vessels do you have in the Delta Quadrant ? One . How did you find us ? We detected what looked like a Federation subspace transmission . It took us weeks to track it here . We wanted this simulation to be accurate to the last detail . We obviously went a little too far . Now that you know about our re-creation , you 've no doubt alerted the Federation . Your fleet will be on its way . You 've got it wrong . We 're not planning a war against you . is that why you were here to spy on us- - because you 're curious ? Sir ? A starship is approaching . It 's Voyager . Raise our shields . Stand by , all weapons . Captain Janeway is not here to launch an attack . She 's here to find me . We 've got the real McCoy here . We might as well take advantage of it . Perform a genetic extraction . It may help us find a better way to maintain these human forms . Yes , sir . We 're approaching the habitat . Shields to maximum . Charge weapons . All hands , this is the Bridge . Tactical alert . Report to your posts and stand by to engage the enemy . I have a visual . We 're being scanned . Let them take a look . The Delta Flyer is heading up from the habitat . Open a channel . Tom ? Status . They 've taken a couple of potshots at us , Captain . We 've lost our shields . Mind if we join you ? You 're clear to dock . Shuttle Bay 2 . Any word from Chakotay ? I 'm afraid not . Bring us within range . Target their weapons array . Captain , we should target their power systems as well . No , I don 't want to risk shutting down their life support . If we can end this without casualties , so much the better . This species does not deserve our compassion . You picked a lousy time for an ethical debate . The weapons array now . We 're entering range . 3,800 kilometers . 3,500 . 3,200 . Valerie . That 's not my name . Then what is it ? You 're afraid of us , aren 't you ? You think we 're violent . That we 're planning to destroy your species . But none of that 's true . If you would take the time to speak to us directly , we could prove it to you . " There are no secrets except the secrets that keep themselves . " Shaw . George Bernard Shaw . I saw a copy of his collected works on your bookshelf . He had a complex mind ... for a human . And he had a point . As long as we keep spying on each other , making assumptions , we probably will go to war . Voyager . They 're charging weapons . Do the same . We 're being hailed . Mr. Boothby . Captain Janeway . Good to see you after all these years . Enjoying the Delta Quadrant ? Don 't get sassy with me , young lady . This re-creation may be Starfleet , but our weapons are far more sophisticated . I can destroy your vessel with a single command . Run along , now . I 'm not going anywhere . Not until you return my First Officer and give me a damn good explanation for what you 're doing in our galaxy . I 've targeted your re-creation with Borg nanoprobes . And we 're willing to use them if you force us to . Don 't try to rattle my cage . I 'll disable your tactical systems before you ... The last time our species engaged in battle , you suffered heavy casualties . Are you willing to take that chance again ? An armed conflict isn 't going to solve our problems . We could go on making threats . Spying on each other . Risking a war between our species . Or we could try a more direct approach . What do you have in mind ? How about a class reunion ? Targ manure ! United Federation of Planets ... tolerance for all species ... the Prime Directive ... targ manure , every word of it . Your metaphor is colorful , but inaccurate . Vulcan logic ... add that to the list . Obviously , you 've studied a Starfleet database . You must 've learned something about our history . We adhere to our directives . High-minded ideals are one thing , but your actions tell a very different story . You infiltrated our re-creation , captured and killed one of our people . I told you he took his own life . You created biological weapons to infect our species . You are allies with the Borg . No . There 's a drone sitting at this very table . Look at her- - all gussied up to look like a human being . I am no longer part of the collective . Once a Borg , always a Borg . Seven of Nine is a member of this crew . The Borg are irrelevant . It 's the humans that pose a threat . They think the Federation is a hostile invasion force out to destroy their species . I see . So you 're planning a preemptive strike against Earth . Maybe I am . You realize I can 't let that happen . Go ahead . Fire your damn nanoprobes , blow our re-creation to high heavens . There are a dozen more scattered throughout the Quadrant . You 'll never find them all . What if I told you that Starfleet isn 't planning an invasion , that no one on Earth has even heard of you ? I 'd say you 're lying . Have another look at that Federation database of yours . You 'll see there 's no mention of your realm . immaterial . Any information regarding our species has no doubt been classified by Starfleet Intelligence . has no doubt been classified by Starfleet Intelligence . Good point . You know , we could keep this paranoid debate going all day . You have no reason to trust us , and we have no reason to trust you . Hear , hear. I knew this reunion would be a fiasco . Admiral ... Seven ... disarm the warheads . Captain ? Do it . What are you trying to prove , young lady ? One of us has to take our finger off the trigger . It might as well be me . Their weapons are off-line . It 's a trick . Our defenses are down . What will you do now ? Blow Voyager to high heavens or do we keep talking ? Humans ... you 've got a flair for the dramatic , I 'll give you that . You want to keep talking ? Fine by me , but no more beating around the bush . Now what do you want from us ? The truth , Captain . Voyager is alone in the Delta Quadrant . We haven 't been in contact with Earth for over four years . Explain why you attacked our realm , hand in hand with the Borg . At the time , we didn 't realize the Borg had started the war against you . We forged a temporary alliance with them because we thought you were the threat . " Your galaxy will be purged . " Sound familiar ? We were only trying to defend ourselves . If that 's true , why are you still in our galaxy ? Your conflict with the Borg ended over a year ago . Why re-create Starfleet , masquerade as humans ? It looks to me like you 're the ones planning an invasion . The truth . Don 't answer her . She 's manipulating us . If you won 't answer , I will . Commander ! Our mission is to infiltrate your homeworld , to place operatives in the highest levels of Starfleet , monitor your military installations . It 's a reconnaissance mission , nothing more . We should listen to her , Captain . They 're being driven by fear just like we are ... unless everything you said on our date was just part of an act . It wasn 't . Enough ! We must not negotiate with these creatures . Sit down , Admiral . Sir ? I said sit down or I 'll knock you right on your human butt . You 've been seduced by them , both of you . I 've had a chance to see through human eyes and I 'm beginning to wonder ... are they really so violent ? What if we 're wrong ? We can 't risk trusting them . You 'd rather risk another war ? Keep talking , son . Archer 's right . We 've got to set aside our preconceptions about each other . Granted , our species didn 't meet under the best of circumstances , but maybe we can make first contact again . Maybe this time , we 'll get it right . You believe in this fellow ? Yes . There would have to be a few ground rules . Name them . First off , I want to take a look at that nanoprobe technology . It scares the hell out of me . All right ... but I 'll need some tactical information in return- - your genetic alteration techniques for a start . I 'm sure something can be arranged . You on board , Admiral ? Good enough for me . Captain 's Log , Stardate 52136.4 . We 've managed to avoid a military conflict with Species 8472 ... at least for now . In an effort to strengthen the truce , we 're exchanging technology . The design schematics for our nanoprobe weapons , as requested . This could go a long way toward allaying their fears . Perhaps . Have a little faith , Seven . It 's difficult to have faith in an idea which may prove tactically unsound . Tactically unsound ? Perhaps . It could also be the first step toward peace . It 's a risk I 'm willing to take . Are you sure you won 't join us ? It would be your first chance to see Earth . I prefer to remain aboard Voyager . If problems arise while you 're in the habitat ... There won 't be any problems- - nothing tactical at any rate . We 're entering a stage of diplomacy where most of the problems will be cultural . How do you shake hands with an 8472 ? We 'll be fine . When you ordered me to disarm the warheads during the negotiation , I anticipated an immediate attack . I believed they would take advantage of your human weakness . I was wrong . If I had been in your position , we would most likely be engaged in a battle with 8472 at this moment . How did you know ? I didn 't . Like I said ... Faith . Welcome to Terrasphere 8 , Starfleet Command Re-creation . I am Admiral Bullock and I 'll be acquainting you with our facility . Questions , comments- - bring them to me . Problems- - talk to Lieutenant Kinis . Commander Tuvok , you wanted to examine our thermionic generators . Yes . I 'll take you there personally . Ambassador Nellix . It 's Neelix , sir . Neelix . You 'll be joining the Lieutenant . He 'll familiarize you with our environmental control technology . Wonderful . I look forward to hearing your perspective on Vulcans . You didn 't happen to re-create a little coffee shop on Market Street , the Night Owl ? Afraid not . You 're welcome to stay ; put your feet up . We won 't be returning to fluidic space for another day or two . Thank you , but the real Earth is a long way from here . I 'd like to get back on the road . What are the chances they 'll listen to you ? I can 't promise you the moon , Captain . My superiors aren 't as forward-thinking . Peace with humans ? Wow ... they 're going to hit the roof , but I 'll tell them what happened here today , and with a pinch of luck , a few of them might see the light . Well , you 've got Voyager 's com frequency . You know how to contact us . I hope we can keep this process alive . Don 't call us , we 'll call you . Oh , I almost forgot . Ah ... Genetically synthesized ... but they smell just as lovely . Oh ... Looking forward to going home ? At least I can finally get out of this form . No more insomnia . No more sleeping , period . For what it 's worth , you made a terrific human . Shame ... Hmm ? It 's too bad our species are so different . Otherwise , I 'd ask you for a second date . You did offer to be my guide . How about a tour of your realm sometime ? I 'd like that . Well ... I 'm due back on Voyager . We leave at 0400 . I 'll never get a chance to do this again . Any better this time ? You 're a quick study .
