 Is there a genetic match ? Yes . Let 's gather the find and bring it back to the ship . could this be it- - the proof ? If it is , we 've just made the most important discovery in Voth history . OpposabIe thumb . multiple articulations in the digits- - as expected with a technoIogicaIIy-advanced species . Hmm ... his cranial capacity is 22 percent smaller than ours and he appears to be lacking a diIitus Iobe . He had no sense of smell ? If he did , it was rudimentary . I doubt this fellow would have enjoyed the sulfur Iagoons of Hokath . His cartiIaginous microstructure is extremely porous . Most likely warm-bIooded . I believe this was a non-saurian . " Non-saurian " ? Doesn 't that weaken our case ? No . No , the genetic markers we share with this being are undeniable . We are related , however distantly . The question we must answer is : What was our endotherm doing in this part of space ? Was he ... on an expedition ? Did he have a ship ? Crewmates ? This materiaI- - it 's composed of synthetic polymers and the molecular structure suggests replication technology . And consider the garment itseIf- - is this marking purely decorative or does it have a symbolic function ? could it indicate status ? possibly a military uniform . At the very least , we can assume he was part of a social infrastructure and that would imply a ship . Did your eyes see the planet of our origin ? The true home of our race ? Was it ... beautiful ? Was it covered by oceans , by sand ? Were there nine moons above your head ? Were there none ? He appears to be at a loss for words . His ship and the people on it hold the key to where we came from . We 've got to find it . I 'II contact our supporters at the circle of archeology . They might be able to spare a research vessel , perhaps a few assistants . This isn 't a field trip , Veer . We need to mount a sector-wide expedition . And that means a fleet of ships . We have to go directly to the Ministry of elders . Professor , don 't you think that 's a little precipitous ? Bone decaIcification indicates he died more than a year ago . His ship could be thousands of Iight-years away by now . Time is running out . You must remember , Veer , from the moment you were initiated into my circle , you made a commitment to the pursuit of scientific truth . Before this , all we had was a theory . Now we have proof . We simply have to get them to open their eyes and see it . We 're going to set a course for the city ship , present our friend here and let him do the talking . For millions of years , our people have believed that we were the first intelligent beings to evolve in this region of space- - the first race . This assumption underlies everything that we hold dear . But that belief has been questioned in recent years not only by the circles of Science and philosophy but by common people as well . Lying before you is proof of the Distant Origin Theory . These remains demonstrate beyond doubt that we arose elsewhere in this galaxy , that we evolved on a faraway planet and traveled to this space millions of years ago , our true history lost . A pile of bones . Impressive . This " pile of bones " belonged to a being who died approximately one year ago from a species found nowhere in known space . And yet , we share 47 genetic markers with this being . We are undoubtedly related to him . And I intend to prove to you that we evolved on the very same planet he did . And that planet is the Iong-Iost world of the Distant Origin Theory . Yes . That 's exactly right . And to find that pIanet- - our pIanet- - we must find a living member of his kind . I 've created a computer extrapolation . We 're looking for a race of bipedal endotherms- - spacefaring , but technologically limited . Based on their cranial capacity , I 'd say they 're no more advanced than most endotherms we 've ... " Endotherms " ? You 're proposing that we are related to a mammalian species ? Yes . Which is why I ask your permission to launch an expedition and ... Let 's talk about your discovery . I enjoyed the colorful tale of how you found these remains . It says here that you paid a substantial sum for their location . I was dealing with traders . They knew the location of the cave . I had no choice . Have you considered you were the victim of a hoax ? I have analyzed every micron of this skeleton . I assure you , it 's authentic . Professor Gegen , have you considered the wider implications of your ... theory ? What do you mean ? By challenging Doctrine you 're suggesting that everything we believe about ourselves , our history , our ancient and rightful claim over this region of space , the authority of this Ministry itself ... is a lie . That 's not what I 'm saying at all . However , in the light of my discovery , some of our beliefs may have to be ... reevaIuated . " ReevaIuated . " We will ... consider your request for an expedition . well done , Professor . hardly . I failed to anticipate the level of ignorance I would be facing . What do we do now ? I want you to arrange a meeting with the circle of exobiology . We have supporters there . Father , I 'm concerned . unnecessarily . I don 't think they were very receptive . They don 't need to be . The evidence will speak for itself and word of my discovery is already traveling . If enough people confront the Ministry ... Mathematics was never your strong point , Father . You might be overestimating your support . You don 't believe me , either , do you ? I ... I want to . Our ancestors came from somewhere else . We don 't even belong here ? It all just seems so ... incredible . I 'm disappointed in you . Father , please ... let this go . You 're chasing a fantasy ... and you 're wasting your genius . I 'm worried about what 's going to happen to you if you don 't stop . And what 's going to happen to you if I do stop ? To your children , to all of Voth ? You 'II continue to live in ignorance ... progress held back by ancient myth . The truth must be known . We 've got to leave ... now . What 's happened ? I met with the circle of exobiology . They 're ... concerned . There have been rumors . About what ? The Ministry has seized your research and they 're planning to detain you . On what charge ? Heresy against Doctrine . I 'II fight it . It 's too late . Your supporters are frightened . No one will back you . I 'II have to do this on my own , then . Go back to your family . As long as you 're with me , you 're at risk . I 'm not leaving you , Professor . I 've run an analysis on the uniform marking . I found what appears to be a microscopic identification code . The translation matrix indicates it 's most likely a proper name . A name ? Yes . I believe it 's the name of the endotherm 's vessel . We 're looking for something called ... Voyager Across the vastness of space to find one ship among a sea of stars is no simple matter . And for many weeks , we found nothing . And then , fortune glanced in our direction . A trader from a space station bordering the Nekrit Expanse informed us of a curious group of explorers claiming to be from the other side of the galaxy . The merchants there spoke of a vessel called Voyager They were able to help us clarify certain details . With this new information , we began to acquire other items and new evidence . Our most significant find : A canister of warp plasma from Voyager 's engines . So now we are scanning space for a matching signature . little is known about these explorers , but they call themselves " human " and they claim to be traveling home to a distant planet . My thoughts are with you , FroIa , as are those of my colleague , Veer . Ah , I just sent a transmission to my daughter . Was that wise ? I encrypted the carrier signal . There 's no way to trace it . I hope you gave her my regards . Of course I did . I 've seen the tint on your scales when she 's around . I 've let you into my academic circle , but now you wish to enter my family as well ? No , Professor , I would never presume ... You should know your place . traditionally , my family mates with the family of Towt . But ... traditions are meant to be broken . It 's the plasma signature . Scanners have found a match- - a ship , 90 Iight-years away . There are 148 Iife-forms aboard , traveling at warp 6.2 . I 'm engaging spatial displacement . It 's unlikely their primitive sensors will be able to detect us once we 're out of phase . Take us out of transwarp . We don 't want to pass them . Done . I have an image . What do we say to them ? Nothing . Not at the moment . We stand to Iearn more by observing them . Once we 've collected the information we need , and if they appear nonviolent , we 'II make contact . Entering portation range . We 'II be looking for their data storage devices , analyzing their behavior- - anything that can tell us who and what these people are . Eyes open , Veer . Interphase is stable . Curious . I didn 't expect the smell . well , they are mammals , after all . Ah , over here . Ah , this appears to be a computer access terminal . simple binary system . I 've downloaded their database . I 'II bet you it 's an anodyne relay . No way . plasma conduit . relay . I 'm telling you , I checked the conduit network . My point exactly . You 're not an engineer . I 'II bet you . Name it . A male and female interacting . Let 's observe . well ? well ... go ahead and gloat . The anodyne reIays- - who would 've guessed ? Just a shot in the dark . And it hit the bull 's-eye . Tonight , you pay up . HoIodeck 2 , KIingon martial arts program . No getting out of it this time . Courting behavior ? exactly . Note how the female , through her feigned antagonism , encourages the male in his attempt to mate . There 's no sign of vasodilation in their skin . obviously , they never evolved that ability , which would explain their reliance on crude verbal interplay . I 'II see you tonight . B.Y.O.B. What ? Bring your own bat 'leth Bat 'leth Report . We 've completed Iong-range scans . If we maintain our present course , we 'II enter a region of heavy tetryon radiation within two days . What 's the alternative ? A three-month detour . Tuvok , enhance the shields . Lieutenant , hold our course . Harry , continue your Iong-range scans . Yes , ma 'am . Let 's access everything known about tetryon radiation . I want to take every precaution ... well , Veer , what can you observe about their social structure ? It 's obviously hierarchical with clear differences in status and rank . The males appear to be subordinate to that female . Perhaps a matriarchy . My conclusion exactly . This is strange . I 'm picking up spatial fluctuations . They 're coming from the Bridge . Source ? I 'm not sure , but they 're highly localized with modulating phase variants . It looks like some kind of cloaking technology . AII stop . Intruder alert . We 've exceeded our welcome . Let 's get back to the ship . What 's wrong ? Some sort of force field . I 've erected a IeveI-10 containment field around the Bridge , Captain . Scanning on all subspace frequencies . I 'm picking up two Iife-forms . localize them . Mission Ops 1 . Professor ... Their force field is disrupting our interphase . I 'm compensating . I can at Ieast get us off this deck . Show yourselves . Captain , the Iife-forms left the Bridge . They 're now on Deck 2 , Section 13 , Mess hall . seal off the deck . Deck 2 sealed . Security team to the Mess hall . Intruders ? I don 't see any intruders . It would appear we 've underestimated our endotherms . Maybe we should make contact- - explain ourselves . It may come to that . Captain , I 've analyzed those spatial phase variants . Bridge to Chakotay . Go ahead . Adjust hand phasers to a dispersion frequency of 1.85 gigahertz . That should disrupt their cloaking technology . acknowledged . I 've matched the frequency of their shields . I think we can get off this ... spatial fluctuations ... there . NeeIix , get down ! Minor phaser burns to the upper thoracic region- - nothing serious- - but I want to check for cellular damage . I 'II run a microcellular scan . Begin a DNA analysis as well . I 'd Iike to know more about his molecular physiology . A belated welcome aboard . I 'm Captain Janeway . Now , who are you and what have you done with my First Officer ? You must have a ship . Is it cloaked ? We 're not going to hurt you . We just want to know why you ... His heart rate and body temperature have dropped . His metabolism is almost completely shut down . Is he dying ? I don 't think so . His autonomic nervous system is still fully functional . He 's gone into some sort of protective hibernation . Treat his injuries , then see if you can revive him . Examine his technology . I want to know what we 're up against . Don 't be alarmed . You 're on my research vessel . Chakotay to Voyager Your instinct is to flee , but I must warn you there 's a confinement field around the table . Just stay calm and you won 't hurt yourself . What do you want from me ? Why did you invade our ship ? It wasn 't an invasion . We were on a field expedition to Iearn more about your species . We meant no harm . I 'm a molecular paIeontoIogist . Do you always harpoon the local wildlife ? An unfortunate mistake . Veer is inexperienced , and he panicked . Your people were firing at us . I couldn 't get to him . So you took me instead . Yes . A living specimen of human . I 've been studying your computer database and I have many questions . The planet of your origin , correct ? That 's right . Earth . Are there any of my kind there ? Any of my species ? Who are you ? please , answer the question . Look , drop the force field and tell me what 's going on . Then , maybe we can make first contact in a civilized way . For what it 's worth , I 'm a scientist , too . Maybe I can help you find whatever it is you 're looking for . I won 't bite . Thanks . My name 's Chakotay . Gegen . AII right , Gegen , Iet 's talk about Earth . Your call sounded urgent . With good reason . I 've analyzed the alien 's DNA . There are 47 genetic markers identical to those found in human DNA . That 's more than coincidence . I thought so , too . I ran a search for those markers in Earth 's paleontological database . Take a look at this . incredible . That 's one way of putting it . It says here that those markers appeared in hundreds of Earth species , dating back tens of millions of ... Their species evolved on Earth ? apparently so . And from the look of it , you and he are distant cousins . I wonder how distant . Transfer yourself to HoIodeck 2 . I think it 's time we took a stroll through primeval history . I 've entered the genetic markers into the hoIo-database . Let 's see if we can find our closet relative . Computer , analyze the genetic markers and search Earth 's fossil record . Identify any ancestors common to both humans and the alien in Sick Bay . Life-form found . display . Genus eryops . Devonian Era . Eryops ... this creature lived over 400 million years ago . And is thought to be the Iast common ancestor of coId-bIooded and warm-bIooded organisms . Yes , yes . Let 's take the next step in our little stroll . Computer , what 's the most highly evolved coId-bIooded organism to develop from the eryops ? Genus hadrosaur . Cretaceous Era . display the Iife-form . As I recall , the hadrosaur vanished when a mass extinction occurred at the end of the Cretaceous Period . What if the hadrosaur didn 't die off ? What if some of them survived that extinction and continued to evolve ? I couId well imagine this creature giving rise to a more complex Iife-form . certainly the building blocks are there- - bipedaI , grasping hands ... Computer , run a genome projection algorithm . If the hadrosaur had continued to evolve over the Iast 65 million years , extrapolate the most probable appearance . extrapolation complete . display Iife-form . That creature napping in Sick Bay ... is a dinosaur . The question is : Why have we never seen him in the natural history museums ? If a saurian species had developed a language and technology , you 'd think they would have left something behind , but what if it evolved on an isolated continent ? A land mass that was destroyed . Earth has been devastated by countless natural disasters over the course of its history- - asteroids , volcanoes , earthquakes . AII evidence of your race could be at the bottom of the ocean or under kilometers of rock . obviously , not all of my people became extinct . Some of them must have developed space-faring technology and left the planet . And ended up here in the delta Quadrant . Our true origins on Earth lost over the eons , replaced by Doctrine ... the myth that we were the first race . Now you understand why I had to find your ship . Next time , you might try a simple " hello " first . " Eyes open . " I 'm afraid I let my own prejudice get in the way . I was ... wary of you . We have very poor relations with non-saurian races . mammals in particular are considered to be a ... lower Iife-form , but I must admit , I 've never gotten to know one before . I hope I 've made a good impression . In fact , you have . well , I suggest we get back to Voyager Your friend Veer is probably sick of the mammalian food by now . I can 't do that . Why not ? I 've already made arrangements to meet my supporters on the fourth colony . They 're waiting for us . tell them we 'II be late . You don 't understand what I 'm up against . I 'm being charged with heresy against Doctrine . You 're my only evidence . If enough people see living proof of my theory , even the Ministry will be forced to acknowledge the truth . I can 't let you go now . Not until it 's over . I 'm sorry . This should to the trick . An apple ? You said you wanted an organic test subject . I was referring to a bio-cyIinder , but the fruit will suffice . Let 's give it a try . Fascinating . This alien device is apparently pushing the apple slightly out of phase with our space-time continuum . A personal cloaking device . More advanced than any cloak I 've ever seen . Mr. Kim ? I 'm reading a massive spatial displacement dead ahead . Red alert . We 're being probed . shields at maximum . hall them . No response . They 're locking onto the ship with an energy beam . It 's cutting right through our shields . It 's some sort of transporter . Report . We 've been beamed inside the alien vessel . We 're losing power . Switch to auxiliary . I 'm locked out of command control . AII systems are shutting down . Arm yourselves . Tuvok to Bridge . Captain Janeway , respond . TurboIifts are off-Iine . Let 's get to a Jefferies tube . Tuvok , I hope that 's your stomach . My tricorder 's not working . There appears to be a dampening fie ... Tuvok ? Go . I 'm not going to ... That 's an order , Lieutenant . I can 't get a single relay back on-Iine . Somehow , they 've locked us out of all primary systems . Let 's get down to Main Engineering . We can access the manual override from there ... Your vessel is under our control . It 's an automated message from the Ministry of elders . It says that they 've captured the Voyager , that if I don 't return to the city ship and face my accusers , they 'II destroy my evidence ... kill everyone on board . What are you going to do ? I won 't be responsible for those deaths , but if I go back now without my support , they 'II discredit my theory ; suppress the truth . That might be difficult with the evidence standing right beside you . They 've taken my ship . It sounds to me like we 're all on trial here . I 've just laid in a course for the city ship . We 're looking for two of our own kind . One was found in your medical bay . Where is the other ? I don 't know . He took my First Officer and disappeared . Our scans indicate that your ship is alone . Where do you come from ? If you want my cooperation , I suggest you release my vessel . You are non-indigenous beings . You have no rights under Doctrine . Where do you come from ? apparently ... we 're from the same place you are- - Earth . I see that Gegen has begun spreading his lies . Paris to Janeway . Captain , if you can hear me , I 've got weapons control and I 've armed a full spread of torpedoes . Who 's that ? My heImsman . Sounds like he 's about to blast a hole in the side of your ship . Lieutenant Paris , fire . You might want to hold on to something . Launch protocols have been disrupted . Switch to auxiliary protocols . unable to comply . Weapon systems are off-Iine . How ? Method unknown . Paris to Janeway . Go ahead . Captain , someone on the alien vessel detected my launch sequence . I don 't know how they did it , but I 'm completely locked out . Nice try , Tom . HaIuk to Command . The Voyager 's Captain is proving uncooperative . I request an interrogation surgeon to assist with the ... That won 't be necessary . Gegen is in custody . Remain on the Voyager and wait for further instructions . Professor Forra Gegen , you are accused of heresy against Doctrine . Do you wish to retract your claims regarding the Distant Origin Theory ? I do not . Then we will proceed . Three months ago , you circulated a study criticizing what you called " resistance to truth " - - once again , disputing Doctrine . I apologize if I wrote anything that offended the elders , but I never even mentioned the word " doctrine . " You didn 't have to . Your meaning was clear . For nearly a decade , you 've used the Distant Origin Theory to attack and undermine the guiding principles of our society . Not so ! I 've been pursuing a scientific investigation . I 'm not concerned at all with Doctrine ! My point exactly . Your disregard for the effects of your casual theorizing is why you stand accused . You are reckless and irresponsible , and you are a destructive influence to our society . But it is not too late for you to redress the damage you have done . Disavow your claims . acknowledge your mistakes and this Ministry will show you Ieniency . I 'm sorry . I can 't deny the evidence . The proof is standing right beside me . Proof ? really ? Our scientists have analyzed your data . Their conclusion : " These creatures are not related to us at all . " The genetic similarities are a result of random convergence , nothing more . " If I may speak ? Voyager 's database contains a complete fossil record of my planet . Your genetic markers appear not only in humans but in hundreds of species throughout our history . That 's a Iot of " random convergence . " If you 'd take a look at the data ... We have . The data isn 't in question . Your interpretation is . Professor Gegen , I don 't want to be here any more than you do , and frankly , I would prefer not to be responsible for disgracing one of our most venerable scientists . AII I ask is that you admit the possibility that your interpretation is wrong . will you at Ieast do that ? I will admit that there are still questions . The picture is incomplete . But I am certain of this : We are from the planet these humans call Earth . There are those who disagree . Tova Veer , you are an accomplished young scientist . You were initiated into the circle of archaeology with the highest of honors . Yes , Minister . And you have been Professor Gegen 's assistant for six years . I 've had that privilege . You are famiIiar- - intimateIy involved with all of your mentor 's research regarding the so-caIIed Distant Origin Theory ? That is correct . In your expert evaluation , what is the validity of the Professor 's analysis ? It is flawed , Minister . Veer ! You 're saying you and Gegen were mistaken ? Yes . I 've reviewed all of his research , including data from the Voyager 's computer . I 've checked and rechecked the procedures . I now believe that we were ... overzeaIous . We saw an evolutionary connection when , in fact , there was none . Enthusiasm and passion are never wrong , Veer . Your only mistake was allowing them to distort your judgment . You may go . Professor Gegen , I will ask you again : could you be mistaken ? What did you say to him ? That you 'd take away his honors if he didn 't cooperate ? That you 'd send him to a detention colony ? could you be mistaken ? Did you threaten his family ? ! Respond to the question ! No ! Why should I ? You 've already made up your mind . This inquiry isn 't about evidence and proof . It 's about keeping you in that chair ! Gegen ! It 's about maintaining a myth that keeps the Ministry in power . You 'd do anything to silence me . well , it won 't work . I 'II never retract my claims . I 'd rather go to prison than help you perpetuate ignorance ! Your true scales are finally showing . You 're right , Minister . I was mistaken . I thought you might actually care about the truth , even if it called into question some of our deepest beliefs , and ... We are not immigrants ! I will not deny 20 million years of history and Doctrine just because one insignificant saurian has a theory . One last time : could you be mistaken ? It 's you who are mistaken , Minister . What ? You accuse Gegen of having his objectivity clouded by ... wishful thinking , but aren 't you guilty of the same charge ? I am not on trial here . I understand , but , in a way , your beliefs are . How you think about yourselves , your place in the universe- - that is on trial and this isn 't the first time . What do you mean ? I 've had the opportunity over the Iast few days to Iearn something about your cuIture- - your great accomplishments . Consider the breakthrough into transwarp . An incredible achievement , and yet , your ancient Doctrine predicted terrible disasters if it were even attempted . That held your race back for millennia until someone took a chance and challenged that prediction . They succeeded , and your society entered a new chapter of exploration and your Doctrine was changed accordingly . I know from the history of my own planet that change is difficult . New ideas are often greeted with skepticism- - even fear . But sometimes those ideas are accepted and when they are ... progress is made . Eyes are opened . When I open my eyes to this theory , what I see appaIIs me . I see my race fleeing your wretched pIanet- - a group of pathetic refugees crawling and scratching their way across the galaxy , stumbling into this domain . I see a race with no birthright , no legacy . That is unacceptable . I see something very different , Minister- - an ancient race of saurians , probably the first intelligent life on Earth- - surrounded by some of the most terrifying creatures that ever lived . And yet , they thrived , developed language and culture and technology . And when the planet was threatened with disaster , they boldly launched themselves into space , crossed what must have seemed like unimaginable distances , facing the unknown every day , but somehow , they stayed together , kept going with the same courage that had served them before until they reached this Quadrant , where they laid the foundation of what was to become the great Voth culture . Deny that past ... and you deny the struggle and achievements of your ancestors . Deny your origins on Earth ... and you deny your true heritage . Do you retract your claims ? No . I stand by them . Very well . It is my judgment you will suffer the consequences of your obstinacy . Gegen , you are guilty of heresy against Doctrine and will be placed on a detention colony . For as long as you breathe , you will neither teach nor engage in research . Your life as a scientist has ended . As you wish . Chakotay of the Voyager starship , you , your Captain and her crew will join Professor Gegen . Why ? You have nothing to gain by imprisoning them . Let them go . You will spend the remainder of your lives on a detention colony . Your ship will be destroyed . Minister ... You will surrender your vessel immediately , and inform your crew that this judgment ... Stop this , please ! Are you offering me an alternative ? I have ... reconsidered and I retract my claims regarding the Distant Origin Theory . My analysis of the data was obviously flawed . I was ... mistaken . You are prepared to refute your work publicly before the circles of Science ? Yes . You will then be assigned to another area of research . surely paleontology has become tiresome to you after so many years . Perhaps metallurgical analysis would be a more rewarding vocation for you . Perhaps . I am not unreasonable . You were drawn into this ... situation through no fault of your own . You are to be returned to your ship where you will set course away from our territory . It would be in your best interest if I never saw you again . I 'm not so good at chemistry . My career as a metallurgical scientist is likely to be ... undistinguished . I 'm sorry . I was foolish . Arrogant ... and I lost everything . You were courageous , as the Voth have always been from the first time they left Earth . And you , Chakotay , have been a colleague ... a friend . I will not forget you . There 's something else I hope you never forget . Someday , every Voth will see this as home . Someday . Eyes open . Eyes open . Chakotay to Voyager Energize .
