 Captain 's Log , Stardate 50063.2 . We 've accepted an invitation from the Nechani to take a few days ' shore leave on their world . We 're enjoying the opportunity to Iearn about their culture . We 're enjoying the opportunity to Iearn about their culture . This sanctuary honors our ancestral Spirits . Their presence is very strong here . Those are brothers of the Nechisti Order . They 've devoted their lives to serving the Spirits . Here 's something you might find interesting . What do you think this means ? Hard to tell . A fertility symbol , maybe ? Or a blessing for good luck or wisdom . Or happiness and love . Do you hear something ? What ? Look at that . It 's beautiful . It looks like a shrine . Come on , sweeting , we don 't want to be left behind . I just want to take a quick look . Kes ! Kes . Can you hear me ? help ! Somebody ! We need help ! What happened ? Oh , you mustn 't be here . This shrine is protected . She didn 't touch anything . She went as far as that archway and then an energy field knocked her down . Torres to Voyager We have a medical emergency . Beam Kes and NeeIix directly to Sick Bay . Yes , Lieutenant . Oh , this is most unfortunate . please , I must ask you to leave as well . We aren 't going anywhere until we find out what happened to her . What kind of energy was she exposed to ? I-I-I have no idea . This is a sacred place . only the monks truly understand what happens here . Then we 'II bring scanning equipment down and investigate for ourselves . That 's out of the question . It would show disrespect to the Spirits . One of our crew has been critically injured . We aren 't going to stand by and do nothing . There 's nothing you can do . She 's been punished by the Spirits . She 's going to die . If you prevent us from helping Kes , we will hold you directly responsible for anything that happens to her . I will make a full report to our Captain . I 'm sure you 'II be hearing from her . I 'II be happy to talk to her and to do whatever I can to help , but your presence here only makes a delicate situation worse . please , leave now . Her life signs are very weak but stable . It appears that her synaptic pathways have undergone a severe neuroIeptic shock , which is disrupting all cortical functions . It is similar to a comatose state , but with none of the usual biochemical markers . You can cure her , can 't you ? I can 't even speculate on a treatment until I know more about what caused her condition . We 're working on that . We aren 't allowed near the area where the accident occurred , but Kim and Torres are scanning the sanctuary from Voyager They 'II report their findings to you and I have an appointment to talk to the magistrate . I 'm hoping he 'II be able to cut through some of the restrictions the monks have set up . Excuse me , Captain ... I 'd Iike to do something to help . The Nechani must have records . Some kind of scientific data on this energy field . Go down to the planet and see what you can find . I 'II be back soon . please understand , Captain , I 'm caught in a most difficult situation . I 'm an official of the government not a spiritual leader . I don 't pretend to understand why the Spirits do what they do . Then perhaps I couId talk with the brothers . I 've asked the Nechisti council to give you an audience , but I 'm afraid they consider the matter closed . They 've asked me to express their sympathies for your loss . There is no loss at this point . Kes is still alive . surely , there 's some way to treat her . Can 't you insist that the monks meet with me ? We have an agreement with the council . They don 't involve themselves with government and we don 't interfere in their spiritual matters . It 's been that way for centuries and it 's always worked well for us . Then can you tell me what you do know about the sanctuary and what happens there ? I 'II try . That particular shrine is where the monks go to receive the gift of purification- - cleansing of the soul . It is one of our most holy places . You mean the monks can enter it without being harmed ? They prepare themselves with a sacred ritual during which they speak directly with the ancestral Spirits . After that , they are able to enter the shrine safely . What happens in that ritual ? How does it offer protection against the energy field ? Captain , you seem to want explanations for everything . I don 't have them . only the brothers who 've gone through the ritual know what happens there , and they 're sworn to secrecy . The energy field that Kes encountered- - is there anyone who could give me scientific information that would help us analyze it ? AII we know is that it is a naturally occurring phenomenon . If you 're telling me ... that there 's nothing you can do to help Kes , I simply won 't accept that . If I couId help you , I would . I swear it . I blame myself . If I 'd watched more carefully , seen that she was approaching the shrine ... There 's nothing more to be done now . You have our sympathy . Have Kim and Torres given you a report ? Yes . I received a fascinating lesson in the challenges of getting clear scanner readings through solid rock . We were eventually able to distinguish an intense biogenic field at the site of Kes 's accident . That would certainly explain the neuroleptic shock . She was lucky not to have been killed instantly . As I understand it , the Nechani monks are able to enter the field without being harmed at all . really ? I don 't expect they 'd care to tell us how ? No , they wouldn 't . She 's not responding to conventional treatments and frankly , I 'm running out of unconventional ideas as well . The level of activity in her brain is so low , I can 't rule out the possibility of permanent damage , even if I can revive her . The longer she stays in this condition , the less likely it is she 'II ever recover . How is she ? I 'm afraid there 's been no change . I 've researched everything I couId find about the sacred shrine . I didn 't uncover much scientific evidence , but there was one story- - it was in a very old text , I 'm not sure how reIiabIe- - about a boy who recovered from a condition like Kes 's . He was a young prince . He wandered into the shrine accidentally and he went into a death sleep . Everyone said it was the will of the Spirits . His father , King Nevad , refused to accept that , so he went through the ritual to seek an audience with the Spirits and he pleaded for his son 's life . The Spirits , in their infinite mercy , granted his request . That was the only trace of hope that I couId find . Maybe it 's enough . well , you 've certainly done your research , Captain . I 'm familiar with the story . I heard it as a child . It suggests that there 's still a chance for Kes . You 're talking about a very specific case . Nevad was able to claim responsibility for the prince , as a father and as a king . That 's why the Spirits were willing to listen to him . The Captain of a starship is fully responsible for every member of her crew . So she is . Then on that basis , I 'd Iike to go through the ritual myself . I haven 't heard from the magistrate yet , but he seemed to think there was a strong possibility the monks would let me go through the ritual . Captain , forgive me , but you 've never been one to put much trust in religious ceremonies . exactly what is it you hope to accomplish ? If you 're asking whether I expect to speak to the ancestral Spirits- - no , of course not . But something happens to the monks when they go through the ritual , something that allows them to withstand the effects of the biogenic field . I want to find out what that is . It might provide clues to a treatment . Some kind of physiological change , maybe . That 's what I 'm guessing . The shamans of the Karis Tribe on DeIios VII practice a ritual that increases the electrical resistance of their skin . It protects them from plasma discharges in their sacred caves . Something similar must happen during this ritual . We 'II have to find a way to allow the Doctor to monitor your physical condition and you should have a way to call for an emergency beam-out if you need it , as a precaution . We don 't have any idea what the ritual entails . I 've been reviewing the Federation 's cultural database . Most traditional spirit quest ceremonies involve some kind of physical challenge or a test of endurance- - to prove the mastery of spirit over body . My instinct tells me this one will be similar . A series of ordeals that will result in biochemical changes . Of course , there 's always the possibility that the ancestral Spirits really do control what happens in the shrine . To each his own , Commander . But I imagine if we scratched deep enough , we 'd find a scientific basis for most religious doctrines . I remember when my mother taught me about the science underlying the vision quest . In a way I felt ... disappointed . Some of the mystery was gone . Maybe the Nechani have chosen not to lose the mystery . Under other circumstances , I 'd be more than happy to go along with their choice . Right now , it 's killing one of my crew . Bridge to the Captain . Janeway here . You have an incoming transmission from the magistrate . Put it through to Chakotay 's office . Aye , Captain . I must congratulate you , Captain . Your creative approach to this problem has fascinated the Nechisti council . Then they 've approved my request ? eagerly . They consider it an honor that you want to seek the Spirits . The ritual traditionally begins at sunset . A guide will meet you at the entrance to the sanctuary . Thank you . I appreciate your efforts . I have been greatly troubled by your misfortune , Captain . If you are able to convince the Spirits to spare your friend , no one would be happier than I. Everything seems to be working . The subdermaI bioprobe will transmit any changes in your biochemistry . And , Captain , the implant also contains a homing beacon , which we 'II be able to pick up no matter how far into the sanctuary you go . Just tap it like a combadge and we 'II transport you immediately . Thank you both . I don 't think that will be necessary . It is standard procedure to carry arms on an away mission , particularly when you don 't know what to expect . This is strictly an information-gathering mission . I don 't want to appear hostile . Energize . I don 't suppose you know anything about chromodynamic lights ? No , not really . Oh ... I suppose I couId look at it . They 're as fussy as Tarchee cats . You tune them too high , they burn out . You tune them too low , they sputter . I 've told the monks to replace them all with neodyne lights . It would save hours of repair work . That device you 've got , what is that ? It 's called a tricorder . A tricor ... What exactly does a tricorder do ? It 's a scanning device . Interesting . May I ? Oh . Atmospheric reading , energy field analysis , full technical database . This is certainly a convenient thing to have . Oh , I didn 't mean for you to keep it . I 'II need that back . Ah ... No , you won 't . You 're my guide . Guide , advisor , spiritual companion- - whatever term you prefer is fine with me . well , why didn 't you say something earlier ? shall we get started ? It 's all right , Kathryn . would it be breaking any vows of secrecy now to tell me what this ritual will involve ? Why do you think I know ? Haven 't you been through this before ? Don 't worry . I 'II help you find your way . tell me- - have you completely committed yourself to this journey ? Yes . You 're willing to go through what the monks have been doing for centuries to help them find the Spirits ? Yes . So you can send biochemical data back to your ship ? No , it wasn 't magic . Our bio-scanners detected the microprobe under your skin . I hope that won 't be a problem . Makes no difference at all . You are fond of your little devices , aren 't you ? They 've always served me well . I 'm sure they have . please , come this way . Who are you ? I 'm Kathryn Janeway . Is this where the ritual begins ? Oh , the ritual ... yes . We 're waiting . Come , join us . What exactly are you waiting for ? Just ... waiting . How long have you been sitting here ? Uh , how long has it been ? Why are you asking me ? ! I 've lost track ! It 's been a while . I know that . Oh , it 's been ... as long as we can remember . Are you telling me I have to wait a lifetime before I can go through the ritual ? I didn 't hear anyone say that , did you ? certainly not , all we said was that we 're waiting . I 'm just trying to understand how this works . The monks I saw in the sanctuary were young . They couldn 't have waited such a Iong time to go through their rituals . Now , she 's right about that , you know . She 's a smart one . She thinks she is , at any rate . This is a test of some kind , isn 't it ? To prove my determination . A test ? She thinks we 're a test . What is she talking about ? She must like tests . I suppose tests make sense to her . Has anyone ever tried to open this door ? How many times do we have to tell you that we are waiting ? ! My dear , why don 't you just sit down and relax ? You 're much too tense . You 're welcome to wait with us . I don 't want to wait . I have a friend who 's depending on me . I have to go through the ritual . I wonder if she 's always this impatient ! Oh , she 's just determined . She wants to get on with it . Seems to me , she could be friendly and sit for a few minutes . No , no . She knows what she wants to do . She 's not the kind to sit around when she has a mission to accomplish . I told you . I told you it was locked . Yes ? I mean no disrespect . But unless there 's something I 'm supposed to accomplish here , I 'd Iike to continue with the ritual . By all means . I 'm not sure how to begin . Do you want me to give you orders , Captain ? I 'II do whatever you ask of me . I see . So you think that this is just a matter of doing what you 're told . No , I 'm sure there is spiritual significance behind the challenges involved . challenges ? That 's what you expect . I don 't have any idea what to expect . I 've studied a number of ritualistic societies and many of the rites have commonalities . This one may be completely different . I 'm willing to do whatever is necessary . I don 't doubt that . But do you realize that all of this is meaningless ? That the only thing that matters is finding your connection to the Spirits ? I 'm going to make every effort to do that , but I didn 't come here for personal enlightenment . I 'm trying to save a member of my crew . That 's a worthy cause . I hope the Spirits listen to you . Then let 's begin . The first challenge . Stand like this . hold that . Mmm . Now ... what do you see in your hands ? I see ... a stone . Keep looking . Her respiration and pulse have remained steady . But there 's been a gradual buildup of lactic acid in her extensor muscles over the Iast hour . What does that mean ? Is she in danger ? Not at all . She 's probably experiencing light strain . What you 'd expect in an endurance ritual . Then there 's nothing so far that would suggest a treatment for Kes ? It 's too early to tell . I 'm downloading every iota of information from the bioprobe sensors into a physiometric program , which is analyzing the data . Even the smallest physiological change may prove significant . We can 't discount anything . What do you see now ? I still see ... a stone . I guess you 're not going to tell me what I 'm supposed to draw . That would be too easy , wouldn 't it ? It 's up to you- - draw whatever feels right . I 've never been able to draw . My sister was the artist in the family . And you were the scientist . It 's true . When other children were outside playing games , I was doing mathematics problems . Mathematics ? I can see why you enjoyed it . solve a problem , get an answer . The answer 's either right or wrong . It 's very absolute . I 've always found that satisfying . I 'm sure you did . What did you see ? I 'm not sure . Describe it . Aha . What ? ! What is it ? ! What have you found ? There have been significant increases in the Captain 's respiration , neuropeptides and adenosine triphosphate levels . Is that bad ? It certainly suggests she 's going through a grueling physical experience . But it 's the neuropeptides that are interesting . The saturations have risen to quite an abnormal level . Is that good or bad ? I can 't say it 's either , so far as the Captain is concerned . But it certainly seems a substantial piece of information . Neuropeptide levels this high could well create a natural barrier to biogenic energy . So you have something that will help Kes . Not yet , but it 's the first piece of data that allows me even to formulate a hypothesis . It should be me going through all that . I was the one who let Kes get hurt in the first place . Mr. NeeIix , you 're wallowing . I 'm ... WaIIowing in useless remorse . I 'II have to ask you to stop . It 's bad for the patient . It 's just frustrating to be so helpless . If it 's any consolation , Mr. NeeIix , I do understand . I 'm exhausted . Oh , thank you . Your microprobe should be transmitting all kinds of interesting information back to the ship . What is that ? It 's a nesset They 're able to travel from this world into the spirit realm . They serve as gatekeepers . Gatekeepers . Then I 'm ready to enter the spirit realm . Do you think you 're ready ? Yes , I do . Then you are . Go ahead . Put your hand in . We can stop right now if you Iike . No , I 'm not quitting . Don 't be afraid . Oh ... it 's burning me ! Oh , my chest ! Getting tight ! Oh , oh , oh ... Captain ? Captain ? Kathryn ? I 'm dying . Everyone dies eventually . It 's been three days since she had any sleep . How long are we going to let her go through this ? I understand your concern , Commander , but I must point out that her vital signs are stable . She seems to be in no immediate danger . She 's been poisoned with some unknown toxin . It may be having an effect we can 't gauge . It could lie dormant for a few days and then suddenly fluctuate and kill her in minutes . You seem to be implying that I 'm not paying attention . I assure you , I am monitoring her constantly . If I thought she were in jeopardy , I would act . Doctor , is there anything which might be preventing her from using the homing signal in her implant ? Not that I 'm aware of . She 's fully conscious and has complete motor control . If she wanted to transport , she could signal us . Are you getting enough meaningful information to justify her continuing this ordeal ? I am getting some remarkable data . Her entire biochemistry is undergoing a series of unique interactions . Look . This amino acid has been formed as a result of the breakdown of the toxin in her bloodstream . It 's affecting the normal flow of neurotransmitters and very likely having a hallucinogenic effect . Is she delusional ? I think she 's experiencing the Nechani version of a psychoactive drug . Then is it possible she 's in no condition to activate the homing signal ? I don 't believe that 's the case and I strongly suspect this biochemical change is going to give us the answers we need . The toxin in her bloodstream may very well be the key to creating a treatment for Kes . Commander , the decision is ultimately yours , of course . However , I believe it wouId be the Captain 's desire to complete the ritual . AII right . We 'II leave her there for now . But I 'm not moving from this monitor until she gets back . Oh . What is this ? An hallucination ? I 'm only here to serve as a voice- - an interpreter for the ancestral Spirits . I see . If there are other beings here , could I see them myself ? You mean you want proof that we exist ? That would be helpful . It 's irrelevant . I don 't want to be disrespectful . I have gone through every part of the ritual that I have been asked to . Everything you 've gone through is meaningless . You 've been told that . I know . I just want to bring this to compIetion- - to make my request . Then , by all means , do so . I cite the story of King Nevad as precedent . In the same way he pleaded for his son , I ask that Kes be restored to health . Your request is inconsequential . You have what you need to save her yourself . welcome back . How long ? Does that matter ? Oh ... I 'd Iike to know . 39 hours . You must take care of yourself . Your body 's weak . I guess the physical conditioning programs on the holodeck didn 't quite prepare me for this . Has it been worthwhile ? I think so . I was told that I had what I needed to save Kes . Then it must be true . The Spirits would not deceive you . Whenever you 're ready . Thank you . You could use a good night 's sleep and a solid meal , but otherwise , you 're in good shape . When can you begin treating Kes ? Right away . The ritual may have been arduous for you , Captain , but it was certainly worthwhile . As I suspected , the toxin was the key . That 's what produces the natural immunity the Nechani monks acquire before they enter the biogenic field . How does that translate into a cure for Kes ? I 've created a physiometric program to analyze the immune mechanism and develop a treatment regimen . Then let 's get started . Captain , if you 'II excuse me . I 'm probably more useful on the Bridge right now . I 'II carry out the treatment in stages to reduce the physical stress from the metabolic changes . What 's that ? Is something wrong ? I don 't believe so . Hmm . Her electrolyte balance is deviating , but that 's not entirely unexpected . It isn 't . Hmm ... What does that mean- - " hmm " what ? Mr. NeeIix , if you keep on pestering me with questions , I won 't be able to concentrate on what I 'm doing . Something is wrong . What is it , Doctor ? Her cardiac functions are being disrupted . I don 't understand it . Lectrazine should counteract the disruptions . This is baffling . Her biochemical levels are exactly what they need to be to correct the damage . She should be awake and alert . Then why isn 't she ? ! I can 't explain it . Her vital signs are unstable . I have to discontinue treatment . I don 't understand it . Can 't we try again ? It 's too dangerous . Do you have any other options ? No . I 'm sorry , Captain , but it appears that everything you went through ... was meaningless . You meant what you said , didn 't you ? Everything I went through was meaningless . Yes . I did everything you asked of me . You led me to believe that would allow me to help Kes . I haven 't led you anywhere , Kathryn . You 've taken me along wherever you wanted to go . This was your ritual . You set these challenges for yourself . It 's true that I came here with certain expectations ... Are you saying that you simply ... fulfilled my expectations ? You 'd have settled for nothing else . I 'm not ready to give up . If there 's still a way to save Kes , I want to try . You 've come back to seek the Spirits . I don 't know what I 'm seeking . Then I believe you are ready to begin . well . Look who 's come back . So , your little adventure didn 't quite work out the way you 'd planned it . You put yourself through a Iot of trouble and for nothing , didn 't you ? Don 't feel bad . You wouldn 't believe some of the things people have done to themselves on their way to seek the Spirits . So there 's no real ritual after all . " real " is such a relative term . Most of the challenges in life are the ones we create for ourselves . And you are particularly hard on yourself , aren 't you ? I 've always been driven to succeed . Stubborn , I 'd say . You didn 't really consider sitting and waiting with us , did you ? well , I 'm here now , and I 'm asking for your help . I want to understand the purpose of waiting in this room . But isn 't it enough to sit and be sociable ? We 're good company . That 's what I 'm supposed to do- - talk to the ancestral Spirits . Oh ... first , we were a test , and now we 're the ancestral Spirits . Are you ? That would be nice and quantifiable for you , wouldn 't it ? If the Spirits were something that you could see and touch and scan with your little devices . If you can explain everything , what 's left to believe in ? I know it 's an important part of your religion to trust the Spirits without question , but I wasn 't brought up that way . It 's hard for me to accept . So much for your tolerant , open-minded StarfIeet ideals . There 's a difference between respecting the spiritual beliefs of other cultures and embracing them myself . Fine . Don 't embrace a thing . It 's all the same to us . Go on back to your ship and play with your molecular microscanner . You 've tried all that already , but it didn 't work , did it ? Kes didn 't get better . No , she didn 't . Why not ? The Doctor couldn 't explain it . So it 's inexplicable . A miraculous nonrecovery . We haven 't found the reason yet . But of course you will . You 'II find all the answers eventually with enough time and study and the right sort of tools . That 's what you believe , isn 't it , as a scientist ? Be honest . Yes , that 's what I 've always believed . Even when her science fails right before her eyes , she still has full confidence in it . Now there 's a leap of faith . unconditional trust . Now that 's promising . AII right ... if you 're saying that science won 't help Kes , what will ? You won 't like it . I 'm willing to do whatever 's necessary . kill her . She 's as good as dead already . Finish the job . Give her another jolt of that- - what do you call it ? - - biogenic field . Oh ... that would do it . It would do what exactly ? There you go again . always looking for a rational explanation . well , there isn 't one . Your orbital scans and medical research have given you the facts ... and they tell you the biogenic field is lethal . If you believe the facts . Let all of that go , Kathryn . Take Kes back into the shrine and trust the Spirits to return her soul . The ritual I went through was meaningless ... and Kes has done nothing to prepare herself . How could either of us be ready to go through the field ? If you believe you 're ready , then you are . There 's no more to it than that . But if you go in with any doubt , with any hesitation , then you 're both dead . So ... what are you going to do ... Captain ? You know I won 't stand by and watch Kes die if there 's anything I can do to save her . I want to believe it 's possible . I 'm going to try . Janeway to Chakotay . Captain , we 've been worried about you . I 'm all right . I want you to beam Kes down here to the sanctuary . acknowledged . I 'II bring her down myself . Chakotay to Sick Bay . Doctor , prepare Kes for transport . Understood . The Doctor says her life signs are deteriorating . He almost wouldn 't let us take her out of Sick Bay . You 've found a way to help her . Yes , I have . I 'm taking her back into the biogenic field . I hate to question you , Captain , but why ? I believe it will save her life . You have some new information on the effects of the field ? I can 't explain it to you . Captain ... you 've been through a Iot in the past few days . I know what I 'm doing . Are you sure of that ? There are 800 megajouIes of biogenic energy running through that shrine . The thoron radiation levels are off the scale . That 's what you 'd be taking her and yourself into . Why don 't you take some time to think about this and let us run a few more scans ? No . Captain ... this isn 't like you . You know you 'II always have my gratitude for everything you 've done to save Kes , but I couldn 't- - and I know she couldn 't- - ask you to risk your own life like this . There are too many other people who need you . He 's right . It 's my responsibility to keep you safe- - for the crew 's sake , if not for your own . I 'd rather not have to relieve you of duty , but if your judgment 's been impaired in any way ... He can 't really do that , can he ? Yes , he can . I suppose it might be necessary if the Captain of a ship were really mentally impaired , but you 're not crazy , Kathryn . You know that . These are the same people who were willing to let Kes die just for disturbing their shrine . Can you take their word for it that you 'II be safe in there ? I can 't give you my word on that . Nobody knows what will happen to them in the shrine until they go in . I don 't know the answers ... but you do . Captain ... I don 't understand this . Neither do I. That 's the challenge . Kes ... The tricorder readings Commander Chakotay took at the shrine reveal traces of iridium ions , which we could 've known about sooner if we 'd been permitted to take those readings at first . And iridium ions are significant ? They caused a temporary dielectric effect in the outer epidermal layers , which neutralized some of the biogenic energy- - not much , but enough to make the Captain 's altered biochemistry an effective defense . Then how was I cured ? The metabolic treatment I administered protected you against the full impact of exposure to the field when the Captain took you through . That exposure functioned like a natural cortical stimulator and reactivated your synaptic pathways . That 's fascinating , Doctor . Captain ? If there 's something about my analysis you disagree with ... It 's a perfectly sound explanation , Doctor . Very ... scientific .
