 Last time on Star Trek : Voyager ... My god . We don 't know exactly how many vessels are out there , but their space appears to be vast . It includes thousands of solar systems- - all Borg . We are , no doubt , entering the heart of their territory . Captain , I 'm detecting two residual weapon signatures in the debris . One is Borg . The other is of unknown origin . I 'd like to know what kind of weapon could destroy the Borg . They refer to these new aliens as " Species 8472 . " Captain , it 's not the Borg that we should be worried about . It 's them . The alien cells are consuming his body from the inside out . In developing a treatment for Harry , the Doctor has found a way to attack the aliens at a microscopic level . An alliance with the Borg ? More like ... an exchange . We offer them a way to defeat their new enemy and , in return , we get safe passage through their space . State your demands . Can you get a lock on the Captain ? Not yet . And now , the conclusion . Report . The Borg shields are off - line . I 've got a lock on Captain Janeway . Get her out of there and break us free of the cube . Stand by all weapons . I 'm trying to energize . The Borg are scattering the beam . Compensate . No effect . We 're being hailed . On screen . Commander , cut the transporter beam . Captain ? Do it . I have reached an agreement with the collective . We 're going to help them design a weapon against Species 8472 . In exchange , they 've granted us safe passage through their space . Cube is altering course . They 're heading toward the Alpha Quadrant . That 's part of the plan . We 'll work on the weapon en route . Once we 're across their territory , we 'll give them the nanoprobes . They appear to be holding up their end of the bargain . I suggest we do the same . How do you propose we begin this " collaboration " ? I 'm going to work here on the cube . They have technology that 'll make the job go faster . I want to take advantage of it . It 's not necessary for you to stay there . We can set up a com - link with the Borg ... lt 's part of the deal . I work here . All right . As long as we 're cooperating ... maybe the Borg would be willing to disengage their tractor beam . We can match their course without a leash . I 'll propose it . Mr. Tuvok , transport to my coordinates . Understood . We 're going to make this work , Commander . Janeway out . You heard the Captain . I 've replicated nearly ten million Borg nanoprobes , each of them reprogrammed to my specifications , each capable of targeting the alien tissue . Assimilating it ? Just momentarily . The Borg technology will denaturate within seconds taking the alien tissue along with it . Mr. Kim , I 'm about to inject your carotid artery . You 'll feel a tingling sensation . Don 't be alarmed . Nice to see you again , Ensign . It 's working . Prepare another dose of nanoprobes . Yes , Doctor . Good work . Let me know when he 's back on his feet . Commander , I must tell you , I have my doubts about this alliance . You may have convinced the Borg the nanoprobes can defeat their enemy , but a medical treatment is a long way from a weapon of war . We 'll leave that to the Captain . This situation is unpredictable , so we 're going to stay at full Red Alert . Keep all information about the nanoprobes stored in your holo - matrix . Don 't worry . I 'll delete myself at the first sign of trouble . Well ... maybe not the first sign . We 've just received word . Tuvok beamed to the cube . He 's joined the Captain . Keep a transporter lock on both of them . I 'll try , but the Borg are already regenerating their shields . Try matching their shield frequencies . It won 't work . They 'll be able to adapt too quickly . I don 't want to hear what we can 't do , Lieutenant ! Just find a way to get our people out of there if we have to . Aye , sir . They 've released their tractor beam . Match their course and speed . I never thought I 'd hear myself say this , but ... looks like the Borg are cooperating . Kes , Kes ! Kes ! What 's wrong ? They 're watching us . May I ask where we 're being taken ? Grid nine - two of subjunction 12- - our very own workspace . It 's near the center of the cube . These are my tricorder readings of the bioship we examined . I believe you will find them most revealing . Have you compared this to the Doctor 's analysis of the alien tissue ? Yes . Many of the cellular structures are identical . The aliens and their ships are made of the same organic material . Apparently so . You have entered grid nine - two of subjunction 12 . Proceed . All right . We 've analyzed one of the alien vessels and it appears to be constructed of organic material vulnerable to the modified nanoprobes . I suggest we begin thinking about a large - scale delivery system- - a way to infect their ships and destroy them at the microsc ... We will begin . What are you doing ? A neuro - transceiver is required for maximum communication . We will work as one mind . No , that wasn 't the agreement . The neural link is temporary . You will not be damaged . I don 't care . I prefer to communicate verbally , thank you . Your primitive communication is inefficient . On the contrary ... we work better with our individuality intact . Surely , we 've proven that to you by now . irrelevant . You must comply . We " must " do nothing . Tell your drone to remove the transceiver . What about choosing a representative- - a single Borg we can work with and talk to directly ? Elaborate . You 've done it before when you transformed Jean - Luc Picard into Locutus . We will not be assimilated . Choose a representative , or the deal 's off ! I speak for the Borg . I 'm Captain Janeway . This is Lieutenant Tuvok . We are aware of your designations . What 's your designation ? Seven of Nine , Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One . But you may call me Seven of Nine . You are proposing a large - scale weapon . We concur . I thought you might . We could encase the nanoprobes in some of our photon torpedoes in essence , turn them into biomolecular warheads . Your torpedoes are inadequate . They lack the necessary range and dispersive force . Do you have a better idea ? We are Borg . I take that as a " yes . " A multikinetic neutronic mine- - five million isoton yield . An explosion that size could affect an entire star system . Correct . The shock wave will disperse the nanoprobes over a radius of five light - years . That 's somewhat larger than I had in mind . You 're proposing a weapon of mass destruction . We are . Well , I 'm not . You 'd be endangering innocent worlds . It would be efficient . We would need approximately 50 trillion nanoprobes to arm this mine . It would take the Doctor several weeks to replicate that amount . You are losing this conflict . Are you willing to risk further delay ? Right now , your enemy believes it is invulnerable . If we create smaller weapons using our torpedoes , and destroy a few of their bioships it may deter them , convince them to give up this war . You are individuals . You are small and you think in small terms . But the present situation requires that we consider your plan . Voyager 's weapons inventory . Photon torpedo complement- - 32 , class - 6 warhead . Explosive yield- - 200 isotons . How did you obtain this information ? We are Borg . Naturally . Commander , we have some disturbing news . At this point , I 'm getting used to it . Her telepathic visions are increasing , both in frequency and intensity . It feels different this time . It 's almost like ... they 're right here in the room . There it is again . I 'm trying to block them out ... but I can 't . Every time she has a vision , specific regions of her cerebral cortex go into a state of hyper - stimulation- - memory engrams , perceptual centers . I can 't be sure , but I think there 's more going on here than just a simple " hello . " Enhance this grid . I want to take a closer look at the detonator . We must analyze the bioship . Your data . You 're human , aren 't you ? This body was assimilated 18 years ago . It ceased to be human at that time . I 'm curious . What was your name before ... ? Do not engage us in further irrelevant discourse . We are being hailed by your vessel . Commander , what is it ? It 's Kes . The Doctor believes that the aliens are accessing her memory . If that 's true , they may already know what we 're planning . I 've ordered long - range scans for bioships . Nothing so far . We should alter course , try to throw them off . Agreed . Our course and heading have been changed . Match them and keep me apprised of any changes in Kes . Chakotay out . We now require one of your photon torpedoes and the nanoprobes . One step at a time . We 're not safely across your territory yet . We must construct and test a prototype now . The risk of attack has increased . irrelevant . We have an agreement . You 're asking me to give up my only guarantee that you won 't assimilate us . I won 't risk it . Are you willing to risk a direct confrontation with us ? If we transport 500 drones onto your vessel , do you believe you could offer sufficient resistance ? We 'd die trying . That won 't be necessary . We must construct a launching system to accommodate this design . Glad you could join us , Mr. Kim . Harry , welcome back . Thanks . Reporting for duty , sir . The Doctor gave me a clean bill of health . Did I miss anything ? Not too much . Take your station , Ensign . You 've still got a tendril up your nose . Commander , I 'm picking up gravimetric distortions . 12 , 000 kilometers aft . It 's a singularity . We are under attack . They 're charging weapons . Shields . Keep a lock on the away team . Direct hit to our secondary hull . Transporters are off - line . Shields and weapons are down . Voyager has taken heavy damage . We cannot let the nanoprobes be destroyed . We 're being targeted . Brace for impact . The cube ? Destroyed ... and it took the bioship with it . Tuvok to Chakotay . Go ahead , Tuvok . Where are you ? I 'm in Cargo Bay 2 ... along with the Captain ... and a number of Borg . We were beamed over just before impact . We require assistance . Tuvok ? Tuvok ? Secure that deck . Security team to Cargo Bay 2 . Paris , you have the Bridge . Lower your weapons . We are here with your Captain 's consent . It was necessary to sacrifice our vessel to protect yours . We have an alliance , do we not ? For now , they 're contained . They 've assimilated Cargo Bay 2 and are drawing energy from the secondary power couplings . But they 've gone no further ? Not yet . I 've sealed off Decks 9 through 13 and posted security details at every access point . I suggest we increase security around Sick Bay as well . Already done . How far did you get on the weapon ? We are ready to construct a prototype . You 're fit to return back to duty , Lieutenant . And you , Kes ? Oh , I 'm all right . The visions have stopped for now . The plasma burns to her thoracic region I can treat and I 've already stopped the internal bleeding , but her neural injuries are going to require some ... creative thinking . Before we beamed out , an alien energy discharge struck very near the Captain . Well , it appears to have disrupted all her neuroelectrical pathways . I 'll have to induce a coma to protect her higher brain functions , but I must tell you , unless I can repair the damage ... she may never regain consciousness . Make sure those Borg stay put . I want tactical updates every 20 minutes . Aye , sir . Shall I resume working with them ? Stand by for now . The Captain wishes to speak with you . Please keep it brief . The Doctor ... explained my condition . You are in command . I understand . They 'll push you ... they 'll threaten you , but they need you . They need this alliance . You have to make this work . I want you to make this work . Get this crew home . I must begin . Where is your Captain ? I must speak with her . In our medical bay , recovering . You 'll be dealing with me now . Circumstances have changed . I 'd say so . The loss of our vessel requires that we modify our agreement . I 've been giving that some thought . I 'm willing to let you stay on board . We 'll continue to work with you on the weapon . Once we 're safely out of Borg territory , we 'll give you the nanoprobes , shake hands and part company . lnsufficient . Our latest tactical projections indicate that the war will be lost by then . The nearest Borg vessel is 40 light - years away . You will reverse course and take us to it . Even at maximum warp , that 's a five - day journey- - in the wrong direction . We 're supposed to be heading out of Borg space not deeper into it . There is no alternative . Look ... I 'll honor the original agreement , but I 'm not turning this ship around . It 's too dangerous . Denying our request is also dangerous . I 'll think about it . Think quickly . A five - day trip back into the heart of Borg territory- - it 's too risky . With those drones and the nanoprobes on board , we might as well have a bull 's - eye painted on our hull . We 're a prime target for Species 8472 . We 'd never survive another attack . What is the alternative ? I 'm going to end this alliance , here and now . We 're going to drop the Borg off on the next uninhabited planet , give them the nanoprobes and take our chances alone . They can wait for a Borg ship to pick them up and finish the weapon . I 'm in command now and I have to do what I think is best for this crew . Tom , I want you to scan for the nearest uninhabited planet and set a course . Aye , sir . I must caution you , Commander . The Borg may not go quietly . We 'll see . Bring that female drone to the ready room . Dismissed . Once we 've beamed you to the surface , we 'll send down the nanoprobes and all our research . Unacceptable . We don 't have time ... This isn 't open for discussion . I 'm not turning this ship around . You 're getting what you wanted . I suggest we part ways amicably . There is another option . We could assimilate your vessel . If a single drone steps one millimeter out of that cargo bay , I 'll decompress the entire deck . You won 't pose much of a threat floating in space . When your Captain first approached us , we suspected that an agreement with humans would prove impossible to maintain . You are erratic , conflicted , disorganized . Every decision is debated , every action questioned , every individual entitled to their own small opinion . You lack harmony , cohesion ... greatness . It will be your undoing . Escort our guest back to the cargo bay . Well , I 've made my decision . If it were only a matter of going against the orders of my superior officer ... You 're more than just my Captain . You 're my friend . I hope you 'll understand . Species 847 2 has penetrated matrix 010 , grid 19 . Eight planets destroyed . 31 2 vessels disabled . 4 , 000 , 621 Borg eliminated . We must seize control of the Alpha Quadrant vessel and take it into the alien realm . We understand . Class - H moon , oxygen - argon atmosphere . It 'll do . Take us out of warp , and enter orbit . Aye , sir . Tuvok ... stand by to transport the Borg directly from the cargo bay . After they 're on the surface , have security run a sweep of ... I 'm reading power fluctuations in the deflector array . Cause ? It looks like the Borg have accessed deflector control . They 're trying to realign the emitters . Shut them out . They 've bypassed security protocols . They 're emitting a resonant graviton beam . It 's creating another singularity ! Reverse course . We 're fighting intense gravimetric distortion . I can 't break free ! Bridge to Cargo Bay 2 . Stop what you 're doing , or I 'll depressurize that deck and blow you out into space . This is your final warning . Do it . Decompression cycle complete . I still don 't have deflector control . Commander , a single Borg has survived . We 're being pulled in ! Report . We appear to have crossed an interdimensional rift . We 've definitely left our galaxy . No stars , no planets . Let 's see . I 'm recalibrating sensors . The entire region is filled with ... with some kind of organic fluid . This isn 't space . It 's matter . Commander Chakotay . We have entered the domain of Species 8472 . Report to the cargo bay . Paris , repressurize Cargo Bay 2 . Tuvok . Our entry into fluidic space has created a compression wave . They know we 're here . A fleet of bioships is already converging on our position . Time to intercept : three hours , 17 minutes . You 've been here before . How else could you know about fluidic space ? We must prepare this vessel for the altercation . We will construct a complement of biomolecular war ... Why ? Why were you here ? You started this war ... didn 't you ? What 's the matter ? Our galaxy wasn 't big enough for you ? You had to conquer new territory ? But this race fought back- - a species as malevolent as your own . Species 8472 was more resistant than we anticipated . Their technology is biogenically engineered . It is superior to that of all other species we have previously encountered . Which is precisely what you wanted . They are the apex of biological evolution . Their assimilation would have greatly added to our own perfection . So , instead of assimilating these aliens , you opened a door for them to our galaxy . There is only one course of action . Destroy them first . My subspace link to the collective has been weakened by the interdimensional rift . We cannot signal for help . We are alone . We must construct a complement of biomolecular warheads and modify your weapons to launch them . I 've got a better idea . Why don 't you open up that rift again and take us back ? If I do that , you will no longer cooperate . Doctor to Chakotay . Go ahead . Report to Sick Bay at once . On my way . Captain ? Ah , as you can see , I 've repaired her neural damage . Ensign Kim , the Captain- - l 'm two for two . Doctor , if you 'll excuse us for a moment . Hmm ? Eh ? Oh . Gladly . Computer , deactivate EMH program . The Doctor brought me up to speed , but he couldn 't tell me what I really wanted to know . Why ? The collective ordered me to reverse course , travel 40 light - years back the way we came . What would you have done ? I probably would have reversed course- - maintained the alliance as long as possible . In my mind , the alliance was already over . You never trusted me . You never believed this would work . You were just waiting for an opportunity to circumvent my orders . Trust had nothing to do with it . I made a tactical decision . And so did I . They 've been taking advantage of us from day one . We made concessions , so did they . They lied . The Borg started the war with Species 8472 . We 've only got one Borg left to worry about . We should try to disable her and get back to the Delta Quadrant . We might be able to duplicate the deflector protocols they used to open a singularity . No . I won 't be caught tinkering with the deflector when those aliens attack . There is no other way out of this , Chakotay . It 's too late for opinions . It 's too late for discussion . It 's time to make the call , and I 'm making it . We fight the aliens , in full cooperation with the Borg . I was linked to a collective once , remember ? I had a neuro - transceiver embedded in my spine . I know who we 're dealing with . We 've got to get rid of that last Borg and take our chances alone . It won 't work . This isn 't working , either . There are two wars going on- - the one out there and the one in here , and ... we 're losing both of them . " lt will be your undoing . " What ? Our conflicted nature , our individuality . Seven of Nine said that we lacked the cohesion of a collective mind . That one day , it would divide us and destroy us . And here we are , proving her point . I 'll tell you when we lost control of this situation , when we made our mistake . It was the moment we turned away from each other . We don 't have to stop being individuals to get through this . We just have to stop fighting each other . Captain Janeway . I 've relieved Mr. Chakotay of his duties and confined him to the brig . I 'm back in command . And you understand the situation ? Completely . Tuvok , give her the nanoprobes . Work with her . Build as many warheads as you can and start modifying our weapon systems . I suggest we think about enhancing our defenses as well . If we 're going to fight this battle , I intend to win it . We are in agreement . Good . This is the plan . We engage the enemy here , in their space . We show them what they 're up against . If they have any sense of self - preservation , they 'll back off , pull their ships out of the Delta Quadrant . That 's provided the weapons are effective . If they aren 't ... it 's been nice working with you . We 've got to get this ship armed and ready in under two hours . We 're going to war . Borg modifications are complete . Bring them on line . Torpedo launch tubes active . Hull armor engaged . Shield enhancements stable . Biomolecular weapons are ready . 13 standard photon torpedoes and one class - 10 armed with a high - yield warhead . All hands , this is the Captain . Ready your stations , seal all emergency bulkheads , and prepare to engage the enemy . Stand by for my orders . Four bioships have just entered sensor range . Battle stations . I 've got a visual . On screen . I can hear them . They want to talk through me . They say we 've contaminated their realm . Tell them we had no choice . We were only trying to defend ourselves . They say our galaxy is impure . Its proximity is a threat to their ... genetic integrity . Tell them we have a weapon , a devastating weapon that can destroy them at the cellular level . If they don 't stop their attacks on the Delta Quadrant , we 'll be forced to use it . They said , " Your galaxy will be purged . " Shields and weapons are off - line ! Rerouting emergency power to the launchers . They 're coming around for another assault ! I 've lost thrusters ! Biomolecular warheads are charged and ready . Fire . Direct hit on all four vessels . No effect . They 're charging weapons . The nanoprobes were successful , if not prompt . All four ships have been destroyed . I think we 've made our point . Now open a singularity and get us out of here . Captain . Kes , are you still in contact ? Yes . Tell them if they continue their attack , we 'll use the weapon again . They 're not responding . Evasive maneuvers . Aye , Captain . They 're in pursuit . Prepare to fire the high - yield warhead . Aft torpedo bay . Ready , Captain . Do it . 13 bioships have been destroyed . The others are in retreat . I have regained full contact with the collective . What are they saying ? All remaining bioships in the Delta Quadrant are returning to their realm . The Borg have prevailed . With a little help from us . Now , it 's time you fulfilled your end of the agreement . Tell the collective we expect safe passage from here on out . We 'll give you a shuttlecraft . You can head for the nearest Borg ship . Unacceptable . This alliance is terminated . Your ship and its crew will adapt to service us . Resistance is futile . Captain , she 's tapping into helm control . She 's trying to access our coordinates . Shut her out . I can 't . Bridge to Chakotay . Scorpion . Seven of Nine , stop what you 're doing . You 're human , a human individual . Our minds are linked . We are one . I can hear your thoughts . His link is stable , but it won 't be for long . You must hurry . Just a few more seconds . I can see your memories . You remember being human . We are Borg . I see a young girl . A family . irrelevant . Your appeal to my humanity is pointless . Almost there , Chakotay . You 've got to keep her distracted if we 're going to make this work . Listen to your human side ... to yourself ... the little girl . Seven of Nine ... Annika . He 's losing the link ! lnitiating power surge ... now ! Her connection to the collective is severed . Get her to Sick Bay . Bridge to Doctor . Report . Commander Chakotay 's going to be all right , although he may wake up with a bit of a headache . Tom , plot a course out of Borg space- - maximum warp . Yes , ma 'am . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51003 . 7 . Three days , and no sign of Borg or bioships . We appear to be out of danger , but the entire crew is on edge and so am I . Not even the calm of Master da Vinci 's workshop is enough to ease my mind . Am I interrupting ? Not at all . I 'm just finishing up my log . The old - fashioned way . I wanted to get as far away from bio - implants and fluidic space and ... and this feels more human somehow . I hate to spoil the mood , but you might want to take a look at this Engineering report . It 'll take at least two weeks to remove the Borg technology from our systems . B 'Elanna did note that the power couplings on Deck 8 work better with the Borg improvements . Leave them . How is our passenger ? The Doctor says she 's stabilizing . Her human cells are starting to regenerate . I wonder what 's left under all that Borg technology ... if she can ever become human again . You plan to keep her on board ? We pulled the plug . We 're responsible for what happens to her now . She was assimilated at a very young age . The collective 's all she knows . She might not want to stay . I think she might . We have something the Borg could never offer . Friendship . I want you to know that disobeying your orders was one of the most difficult things I 've ever had to do . I understand . And I respect the decision you made , even though I disagree with it . What 's important is that , in the end , we got through this , together . I don 't ever want that to change . Agreed . Good . Well ... I think it 's time we get back to our Bridge . No argument there .
