 Captain 's Log , Stardate 5007 4.3 . We have detected evidence that a wormhole recently appeared and then disappeared in a nearby solar system . We 're on our way there to investigate . Based on the residual neutrino levels , I 'd estimate it 's been at Ieast six months since the wormhole 's last appearance . From the dispersal pattern of the interstellar plasma , it looks like it isn 't fixed . It seems to be traveling through space . It may not be fixed on this end , but if it 's shown up in the same location more than once , it 's possible its exit point is constant and it 's wagging around the delta Quadrant like the tail on a dog . Approaching the Iast-known coordinates of the wormhole , Captain . AII stop . Mr. Kim , initiate continuous neutrino scans . Aye , Captain . Mr. Tuvok , scan the planets in this system for life signs . Maybe there 's someone around here who can give us some helpful information . I am picking up an M-CIass atmosphere on the second planet . Humanoid life signs . However , metaIIurgic analysis indicates a preindustrial civilization , a Bronze-Age level of technology . Curious , Captain . What is ? I 'm detecting evidence that these people have had contact with the alpha Quadrant . What kind of evidence ? It is a modulated energy discharge that appears to be consistent with the recent use ... of a replicator . If they 've got a replicator , it could mean the wormhole leads to the alpha Quadrant and that someone 's traveled through it . I appreciate your enthusiasm , Ensign , but before we indulge in too much speculation , let 's see if we can back up your assumptions with some facts . Commander Chakotay , I want you and Lieutenant Paris to go down to that planet and have a look around . Launch a high-resoIution reconnaissance probe to gather information about the local population 's dress and appearance . Aye , Captain . In the meantime , Ensign , why don 't you and Lieutenant Torres get started on a phase profile of this elusive wormhoIe 's neutrino emissions . Let 's see if we can confirm that it leads to the alpha Quadrant . Captain 's Log , Stardate 5007 4.5 . Based on information provided by the probe , we have replicated local attire for Commander Chakotay and Lieutenant Paris . They have gone to the surface to investigate . This is where we picked up a replicator signature ? Hard to believe , isn 't it ? " Oh , those many years ago , " the people 's hearts were sad and Iow , " then the Sages to the city came . " They came upon a burning flame . " Just as the seer said they would , they lifted Takar 's blinding hood . " well ... what did you think ? It was ... uh , very nice . Nice ? I 'II wager you 've never heard " The Song of the Sages " more beautifully or faithfully recited . He 's got a point . We have never heard " The Song of the Sages " more beautifully recited . As you know , the first verse is free , but the next verse will cost you three frangs . I 'm sorry . Not today . But I need money ... for ointment for my eye . please , gentlemen ... Oh , go away , old man . Can 't you see ? These are men of commerce . They have no business with your silly poems . And may I say , gentlemen , you both have very fine shoes . Excuse me ? well , the Sages say you can tell a great deal about a man from his shoes , and I can tell from your shoes that you 're men of refinement ... affluence . We 've really got to be going . well , you 're obviously new in Takar . Perhaps I couId interest you in some property . No , thank you . We 're not planning on settling here . What about some transportation ? The Sages say " time 's an asset . " And you shouldn 't waste your assets walking everywhere you go . You 'd be wearing out those fine shoes of yours . I 'm sorry , but we 're really not interested . Tom ? Excuse me . I 'm picking up a narrow-band EM dampening field around that building . It looks like some sort of temple . Then I 'd say the temple 's where we ought to look . Oh , thank the Sages I found you . You can 't enter the temple without wearing your ears . Look , friend , I thought I told you ... What do you mean " wearing your ears ? " You 're really not Takarian , are you ? Nobody visits the temple without displaying at Ieast one ear . It must be some sort of fetish . If you 're not wearing an ear , you could be fined , even arrested . WouIdn 't want that to happen . And let me guess . It just so happens that you could sell us a couple of these ears . As a matter of fact ... I can . Captain 's Log , supplemental . I 've been asked to join Lieutenant Torres and Ensign Kim in the Science Lab to hear what they 've termed as " very exciting news . " We 've been able to confirm that the wormhole does lead to the alpha Quadrant . The problem is that on this end , it 's jumping from point to point so quickly that even at maximum warp , by the time we got to its next probable location , it wouId be gone . So we were thinking if you can 't bring the ship to the wormhole , bring the wormhole to the ship . We 've detected a subspace instability at our current location that 's a result of the wormhole 's last appearance here . If we could somehow amplify and polarize that instability , we might be able to get the wormhole to reappear . Sort of like using a magnet to move a compass needle . The question is : How do we polarize the instability ? Uh , we haven 't figured that part out yet . gentlemen , as the Sages say , your goods are now my goods . And my feet are now cold . Perhaps I couId interest you in some discounted mining futures . Don 't push your luck . You know , so far , I can 't say that I Iike this town very much . On the other hand ... My friends ... the holy Sages . behold the holy Icon . Greed is eternal . Greed is eternal . Greed is eternal . Greed is eternal . Now what other wisdom have you learned from the Sages ? " A wise man can hear profit in the wind . " A wise man can hear profit in the wind . Chakotay to Voyager Janeway here . We found the replicator , Captain . A wise man can hear profit in the wind . And now , dear friends , in our great beneficence , we will allow you to come forward to honor our greatness and glorify our generosity . Approach the holy Sages . Approach your gods and speak your heart . Ehh ! I am a sandal maker from the poorest quarter of the city . The laziest , you mean . Speak , my friend . What is your business with the Sages ? I am in need of assistance . My sandal shop is faiIing . I can no Ionger feed my family . Same old song . My wife and her mother , my five children , the baby . That 's seven empIoyees- - eight , if you count the infant . How can your shop be falling ? You 're not paying them , are you ? My mother-in-Iaw is ill . My children are very young . Oh . Don 't tell me none of them are working . Ignorant , IobeIess fools ! exploitation begins at home . exploitation begins at home . exploitation begins at home . exploitation begins at home . I understand my mistake and I promise to begin exploiting my family before the end of the day , but could I have some food and some medicine ? Ohh ! until my business improves . You shall have something far more vaIuabIe- - one copy of The rules of Acquisition . Cheapest binding possible . That 'II be ten frangs . But I ... That 's all for today . You may return tomorrow . Captain 's Log , supplemental . The away team has returned with some very disturbing observations about the situation on the planet . It seems the people have a myth- - an epic poem called " The Song of the Sages , " which predicts the arrival of two demigods from the sky , the Sages , who would rule over the people as benevolent protectors . But these Ferengi are anything but benevolent . What they 've done is co-opt the local mythology by using advanced technology like the replicator to convince the people that they 're the two Sages spoken of in the poem . Of course , being Ferengi , they haven 't just co-opted the mythology . They 've cornered the market ... on everything . It 's disgusting , Captain . The two Ferengi live in a palatial temple , while the people are lucky to have a roof over their heads . apparently , it wasn 't always like that . According to the people that we met , before the Ferengi came , the society may have been primitive , but it was flourishing . What I 'd Iike to know is how two Ferengi got to the delta Quadrant . We 've been looking into that . Mr. Tuvok . According to StarfIeet computer records , approximately seven years ago , the Federation Starship Enterprise hosted negotiations for ownership of the Barzan wormhole . included among the bidding parties were two Ferengi- - minor functionaries known as Arridor and koi . And this Barzan wormhoIe- - it 's the same one we 've discovered now ? apparently , but we 've confirmed what nobody knew at the time . The wormhole is fixed in the alpha Quadrant , but in the delta Quadrant , it jumps around . It turned out to be worthless . But the Ferengi were not aware of that , and during a nefarious attempt to secure the wormhole for themselves , they were pulled into it and deposited in the delta Quadrant . Now that we 've found them , what are we going to do with them ? well , I certainly don 't intend to leave them here to continue exploiting an innocent society . How are you two coming with getting the wormhole back here and reopened ? We 've been bombarding the area of the subspace instability with verteron particles . So far , everything is going according to plan , but it 's tricky . There are a hundred factors that could deflect it from this sector- - a gravimetric shift , a solar flare ... And even if we 're lucky enough to get it here , it won 't be around for long . We 'II have a very short window of opportunity to get through . well , if we can get the wormhole here , we 'II be taking two additional passengers with us . We 'II turn them over to Ferengi authorities when we get there . Captain , I must remind you that the Ferengi are not members of the Federation . They are not bound by the Prime Directive , nor would it seem that the Prime Directive would allow us to interfere with the internal affairs of this society , as much as we may disapprove of what the Ferengi are doing . The Federation did host the negotiations , and if it weren 't for those negotiations , the Ferengi wouldn 't be here . So one could say ... without being unreasonable , I think , that the Federation is partially responsible for what 's happened and therefore , duty bound to correct the situation . That is a most logical interpretation , Captain . 143 ... 144 ... 145 ... 146 ... 147 , 148 ... Profits from the Ga 'nah Province are down . Hmm ? Are you listening to me ? I said profits from the Ga 'nah Province are down . Down ? ! Profits are down ? Hey , both of you leave me alone . Can 't you see I 'm trying to conduct business here ? I 'm ... sorry ... Arridor . It 's just that ... they can 't get enough of my lobes . Where were we ? Oh , yeah . Profits are down ? And what are we going to do about it ? What are you looking at me for ? Ask that idiot Kafar . He 's in charge of collections in the Ga 'nah Province . Kafar ! You called , Great Sage ? What is the 95th rule of Acquisition ? Huh ! " Expand or die " ? He knows the rules better than you do . He does not . And where is it we 've been trying to expand ... this month ? Into the Ga 'nah Province , Great Sage . And who is in charge of collections in the Ga 'nah Province ? I am , Great Sage . Then why are profits down , you idiot ? ! Where 's our money ? ! please forgive me , Lesser Sage . Oh , I told you to stop calling me ... Who are you ? Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager The Federation ? Shut up , koi . Let me handle this . What , may I ask is the Federation doing in the delta Quadrant ? It 's a Iong story , but suffice it to say , we 've been stranded here for the past two years . We 're on our way back to the alpha Quadrant and we 're taking you with us . This is an outrage . We won 't allow you to tr ... You 're crazy . It would take decades to get back from here . Show them , Mr. Tuvok . We have been bombarding a local subspace instability with verteron particles . If all goes according to plan , the Barzan wormhole should reopen at our present location in a matter of hours . And if all doesn 't go according to plan ? One way or another , you 're coming with us . We 've been kidnapped ... snatched ... from the embrace of bliss . It 's all over . No more limitless profits ... no more unquestioning adulation of the masses ... no more quadruple Iobe rubs . If I 'm not mistaken , Captain , the Federation has rules , and those rules forbid you to interfere with indigenous cultures . What about your interference ? You 've taken these people 's religion and manipulated it for your own selfish purposes , pretended to be their Sages . Who 's to say we aren 't their Sages , Captain ? Don 't be ridiculous . The song is sung of Sages who can perform miracles , which , thanks to our replicator , we do . The song is sung of men coming from the sky on a burning fIame- - when we crash-Ianded our shuttle in their quaint little town square , trailing behind us a roaring ribbon of burning plasma . You mean we really are the Sages ? The point is , Captain , that these people have believed for centuries that gods , known as the Sages , would deliver them from their strife . To them ... we are those Sages . What happens to a people when they lose their gods ? Despair ... Mm-hmm . fear ... Mmm ... confusion . And how can you ... as a moral people , blithely tear down the spiritual structure that has supported a community since before their gods were flesh ? What would you be leaving them with ? tell us , Arridor , tell us . Darkness ... doubt ... hopelessness . That was beautiful . Mr. Tuvok ... transport them back to the surface . We did it , Arridor . We won . We can 't just leave the Ferengi there to continue exploiting those poor people . But Arridor is right . We can 't kidnap their gods either . What other option is there ? What if the gods didn 't just disappear suddenly and inexplicably ? What if they left voluntarily ? gracefully ? The gods would be gone , but the people would be prepared for it , and they might accept it as a natural , ordained occurrence . exactly . But how do we get two Ferengi to just walk away from a monopoly on an entire economy ? What motivates a Ferengi ? Profit . Then we must find a way to make it more profitable for them to leave . Or less profitable to stay . How do we do that ? We have to out-Ferengi ... the Ferengi . Mmm . There we are . I 've reconfigured the matter / antimatter generator to produce an ionic disruption field around the temple square . No more unexpected beam-outs . Let 's see how smart those hu-mans think they are now . Kafar ! You called , Great Sage ? Find out who has the audacity to disturb us in our Divine vault . Uh ... And make it quick . Who has the audacity to disturb the holy Sages in their Divine vault ? - Grand Nagus ! - Grand Nagus ! Not the Grand Nagus . I 'm his official messenger- - the Grand Proxy . But , Grand Proxy , how did you ... ? Through the Barzan wormhole . The hu-mans stabilized it temporarily , and were kind enough to send a probe through informing us of your ... impressive operation . well , of course the Grand Nagus , or his official messenger the Grand Proxy , is always welcome in our little worId- - our rather poverty-stricken little worId- - and we 're thrilled he has taken an interest in our very modest operation . If I were you , I 'd save the groveling for the Nagus himself . Y-You mean , the Grand Nagus is coming here , too ? Of course not , you idiot . You two are going to him . You 've been recalled . recalled ? We 're ruined . You will be leaving immediately . This is not a time to lose one 's Iobes . I 'II think of something . Perhaps the Grand Nagus doesn 't understand that profits in this market depend upon our presence . You see , to these people , we 're , well ... gods , actually . Without us to make the fools cower in submission , there will be no profits to be had . The Grand Nagus knows all about your little scheme- - " The Song of the Sages " and all the rest of it . Very clever . But he wants you and all your acquisitions back on Ferenginar before the wormhole closes again . I 'm sure the Grand Nagus wouldn 't want to lose such a lucrative revenue stream . The wormhole seems to open and close on its own every seven or eight years . We would be willing to forward a fair share of the profits every time it does . Say , hmm ... 20 percent ? That 's coming out of your half . Shut up . The Grand Nagus has no intention of losing profits from this market . That 's why he 's already got a team of scientists investigating the hu-man 's technoIogy- - to see if we can find a way to open and close the wormhole whenever we want . Then perhaps the Grand Nagus could simply recall one of us and leave the other behind to administer the operation . You could take koi back with you . Hey , wait a minute ! I don 't think that ... That 's enough ! The Grand Nagus has recalled you both . It 's nonnegotiable . Of course , the Nagus doesn 't want to upset the local population . He may want to send others in your place . That 's why he wants you to make a little speech telling the people that their holy Sages have been recalled to the Divine Treasury , or whatever it is the people around here call it . Then he wants you to tell them not to worry- - that everything will be all right without you . Then he wants you to thank them for their generosity . Thank them ? The 299th rule of Acquisition- - " Whenever you exploit someone , it never hurts to thank them . That way , it 's easier to exploit them the next time . " Wait a minute . There 's only 285 rules of Acquisition . You 've been gone a very long time . Oh ... By the way , did I mention that the Nagus is appropriating all your holdings ? - What ? - AII ? AII . The least you can do is let us keep the females . I 'II be back in 20 minutes to approve your speech . I suggest you start writing . You ! Come with me ! Of course , Greater Sage . What are we going to do ? What a Ferengi always does in a situation this grave . Panic ? No , you idiot ! He goes to the rules of Acquisition . Oh . Unabridged and fully annotated with all 47 commentaries , all 900 major and minor judgments , all 10,000 considered opinions . There is a rule for every conceivable situation . Looks like NeeIix is pulling off quite a performance . There you are . Don 't push . There 's plenty to go around . Oh , you 're quite welcome . Is he another Sage ? Have you ever seen a Sage give away money ? " Grand proxy , avoidance of ... " Mm-mm . " Grand proxy , censure by ... " " Grand proxy , encounters with ... " " See ' hopeless situation . " ' I told you there was no rule . Then it 's time to invoke the unwritten rule . The unwritten rule ? When no appropriate rule applies ... make one up . That 's a very good rule . Now , Iet 's see . What should it be ? The Grand Proxy is the Nagus 's official messenger , right ? I 've got it . When the messenger comes to appropriate your profits ... kill the messenger . Thank you ! Thank you ! Arridor ! koi ! Show yourselves ! We can 't keep the Grand Nagus waiting ! If you say so . What is the meaning of this ? You 're not very bright for a Grand Proxy . Ex-Grand Proxy . But the Grand Nagus ... Is on the other side of the galaxy . Wait ! I 'm not ... I 'm not the Grand Proxy . Oh , no ? Who are you then ? Stop ! My name is NeeIix . NeeIix ? That 's not a Ferengi name . Wait ! I 'm not Ferengi . What ? I 've never even met the Grand Nagus . A likely story . It 's true . I 'm wearing a disguise . I 'm really a TaIaxian , a crewman on Voyager If you 're not Ferengi , prove it ! I 'm not sure how . Doesn 't that hurt ? I can 't feel a thing . He really isn 't a Ferengi . On your feet . AII right , TaIaxian , back to your ship . And tell those hu-mans to keep their hands out of our pockets ... or else . And stay out ! We won . We won ! No , my friend . Not exactly . To be precise ... we won again . What happened ? Suffice it to say , they know I 'm not the Grand Proxy . Oh , great . Let 's get to the shuttle . Who are you ? I 'm ... uh ... well ... You are another holy One , aren 't you ? That 's right . Uh ... another holy One . Then you 'II appreciate this . " The Sages in the sky did dwell " upon white clouds that held them well , " until the sentry rang the bell , the holy Sages never fell . " That 'II be three frangs , please . But we didn 't ask you to recite it . You heard it , didn 't you ? Your poem 's very nice , but we 're in a hurry . No , please , sir . My eye . Look , friend , I 'm sorry about your eye , really , but ... Wait a minute . Wasn 't your patch ... on the other side ? Oh . Sir ? We 've got to go . Wait , please . I 'II throw in another verse gratis . " But when the ringing called them here , from the sky they did appear ... " tell me something . What happens to the Sages at the end of the song ? Oh ... let me see now . The final verse . It 's been a very long time , you know . Um ... Those are very handsome shoes you have , sir . Ah , yes . It 's coming back to me now . " And there amid the eastern lights , " three new stars appeared that night " and with the ringing of the bell , " the Sages knew where they must dwell . " The holy pilgrim led them back , " high into the sky of black " and riding on the wings of fire , the holy men rose higher and higher ... " Wait a minute . I know who you are . I am the holy pilgrim . Did you hear that ? The holy pilgrim . The holy pilgrim ? The holy pilgrim ! The holy pilgrim ! The holy pilgrim ! I have come to fulfill the destiny that is prophesied in " The Song of the Sages . " What in the name of eternal destitution is going on here ? Ah , there you are . Do you not recognize me ? I am the holy pilgrim . The holy pilgrim ? Who 's the holy pilgrim ? Quiet , you idiot . This man is no holy pilgrim . He 's a TaIaxian ! TaIaxian ? Oh , no , Great Sage . You are mistaken . I am indeed the holy pilgrim and just as " The Song of the Sages " promises , I have come to lead you back , high into the sky of black . " I have prayed for this day to come . Lead them back . Lead them back . Lead them back . Lead them back . Lead them back . Lead them back . What do they mean , lead us back ? I don 't know . It must be part of the song . I told you we should 've listened to the whole thing . well , it looks as though you two will be heading off to see the Grand Nagus after all . We 'II see about that . This man ... This man ? Is a false pilgrim . He 's come to steal your profits . I 'm not a false pilgrim and I 'II prove it . That 's our cue . Chakotay to Voyager On my mark . Stand by to initiate the photon burst , Mr. Kim . Aye , Captain . Captain , I am still unable to penetrate the Ferengi dampening field . If the away team experiences difficulties , we will be unable to beam them out . Keep working on it . In the meantime , we 'II just have to rely on their ingenuity to get themselves out of there if trouble arises . The song says that " Amid the eastern lights , three new stars appeared that night . " Look , my friends . Look . Right up there . Now . Initiating photon bursts . It 's a trick . He 's a fraud , I tell you . Kafar , arrest this man . well , arrest him ! Ow ! Stop ! My ears ! What do you think you 're doing ? ! Like the song says , Lesser Sage ... " With the ringing of the bell , the Sages knew where they must dwell . " Ow ! Like the song says , you Sages , it 's time for you to go back where you came from . Yes ! Yes ! To the sky ! And they must go on wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! We are your gods ! This is outrageous ! - Look , we are your gods . - I am your god . We 're the Sages . Hands off of your god . No . No . Wait a minute , people . There 's no reason to interpret " The Song of the Sages " so literally . Kafar ! Kafar ! Stop them ! We are fulfilling the destiny of the Sages . I am the holy pilgrim and I have come to tell you that there 's another verse to the song . It 's uh , uh ... please , don 't burn the holy Ones . I am sorry , holy pilgrim , but that 's not part of the song . Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Commander , I think now would be a very good time for that beam-out . Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! We 've got to disable the dampening field , so they can beam us out of here . Where 's the generator ? In the vault ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! Wings of fire ! We still cannot establish a transporter lock , Captain . Boosting power to the annular confinement beam . Arridor ? What is it now ? We had seven years of pure profit . We did , didn 't we ? I can 't shut it down . Stand back . The holy Ones have ascended ! Is everyone okay down there , Commander ? We 're all here in one piece , Captain . Good work . Report to the Bridge as soon as everything is in order . We 'II be entering the wormhole in approximately seven minutes . acknowledged . We 're not going through any wormhoIe without our possessions . Listen , friend , you 're lucky to be alive . We beamed your shuttle to the shuttle Bay . As for the rest of your possessions , they 're back in the hands of the people you stole them from . Ensign Murphy , escort these ... men to secured quarters . This is outrageous . I 'II hold you personally responsible for any losses we suffer . We 'II sue ! shield status , Mr. Tuvok . shields are optimal . Mr. Paris , engage maneuvering thrusters and ease us into position . Aye , Captain . Sick Bay to Lieutenant Tuvok . Go ahead , Doctor . Ensign Murphy was just found unconscious on Deck 2 . It 's a severe concussion . We suspect foul play . Murphy was escorting the Ferengi to their quarters . Captain , security has been breached in the shuttle Bay . seal that airlock , Mr. Tuvok . The Ferengi have phasered the shuttle Bay door . They are exiting the ship . Activating emergency containment field . They 're setting a course for the planet , Captain . Lock a tractor beam on to that shuttle . The gravitational effects of the wormhole are refracting the beam . I can 't get a lock . The Ferengi are hailing us , Captain . On screen . Thank you for all your assistance , hu-mans . It was lovely doing business with you . We 'II be heading back into orbit to transport our acquisitions aboard . Beam those men back now , Mr. Kim . I 'm trying , but the targeting scanners are out of phase . Try setting the scanners to a narrow-band subspace frequency . What is it ? They 're trying to beam us back to their ship again . They 're using some sort of subspace carrier wave . Do something ! shields to maximum . shields are at maximum ! Send out a high-energy graviton pulse . Let 's see their transporter signal cut through that . Captain , the Ferengi are emitting a graviton pulse . It 's throwing the targeting scanners off again . Not only that , it 's destabilizing the wormhole . Captain , a gravitational eddy from the wormhole is attracting the Ferengi shuttle . They 're being pulled in . Reverse thrusters ! They 're off-Iine ! follow them in before that wormhole collapses , Mr. Paris . Aye , Captain . Resetting the coordinates . Captain , the entrance to the wormhole is moving . The Ferengi graviton pulse must have increased its rotational momentum . Adjusting course to follow . It 's too fast for us , Captain . I need more speed . Mr. Tuvok , divert auxiliary power to the thrusters . It 's not enough . Initiate a high intensity impulse burst . Mr. Kim , reinitiate the verteron field . Maybe we can attract the wormhole back . The Ferengi graviton pulse knocked the wormhole completely off its subspace axis . It 's jumping erraticaIIy now on both ends . Options ? There are none . Mr. Paris , reset a course for the alpha Quadrant . Warp 6 . Aye , Captain . Look . The holy Ones are going home !
