 Oh , oh ... Aah ... Oh , Gallia nectar , from a blossom which only grows near a certain lake on Paxau and blooms once every six years . specialty of the house . This is a real place ? The Paxau resort was the place to go on TaIax for serious relaxation and some , uh , personal pampering . It was very exclusive . You had to be rich and privileged or know someone rich and privileged who owed you a favor . I 'd say if anyone deserves and needs a little pampering it 's this crew . Don 't you feel as if all your cares are just Iight-years away ? Yeah , it 's nice . I 'm certainly open to any suggestions for perfecting the program . Maybe it could use a little more , uh ... fun . Loosen it up . Yeah , right . Like this guy . He 's so ... um ... formal . Computer , give the waiter a more casual look . And have him serve Rekarri starbursts all around . Now what we need around here are some more people . Computer , add characters from Kim Sport Program Theta-2 . What sport would that be exactly ? volleyball . They 're a championship team . gold medal winners in 2216 . No wonder your game 's improved . You know , this would be even better with more upbeat music . Computer , access the cultural database and create musicians from ... Earth 's Caribbean region . Now this is relaxing . More drinks for everyone ! And bring out some spicy paraka wings . You can 't have a party without food . AII senior officers report to the Bridge . Ah , great program , NeeIix . Save it for us , will you ? I certainly will . Hey , how can you listen to this without feeling the urge to dance ? Sick Bay to Kes . please report here immediately . I 've been informed we may have incoming casualties . On my way , Doctor . Captain , sensor readings indicate that radiation inside the alien vessel is rising to toxic levels . The life signs of the passengers are growing weaker . Their warp core is heavily damaged . It 's leaking drive plasma and gamma radiation . It could breach any time . Can we beam the passengers out through all that radiation ? Not from here . We 'd have to get within 5,000 kilometers . At that range , we 'II be at risk if their engine core explodes . Lieutenant , take us into range . Aye , Captain . closing to within 5,000 kilometers . I 'm diverting more power to the targeting scanners , trying to get a pattern lock . There 's still too much interference . A little closer , Tom . Captain , I 'm reading an energy buildup in the reaction chamber . Mr. Kim . I 've got a lock . Initiating transport . They 're losing antimatter containment . shields up . Move us away . Aye , Captain . AII major systems are undamaged . I 've got them , Captain . AII three passengers are in Sick Bay . I 'm impressed . Start with the dermal regenerator on the worst of the radiation burns and scan for contamination of the surrounding tissue . It 's all right . It 's all right . We 're taking care of you now . You must lie still . You have internal injuries . My husband . Is he all right ? I 'II sedate you if necessary . Doctor , his heart stopped . He 's not responding to cardiac induction . Give him 20 milligrams of Iectrazine . No effect . His biochemistry is incompatible with our medications . No synaptic activity . The tissue damage is too extensive . There 's nothing more I can do for him . Record the time . No , you must save him ! Tieran ... I am so sorry . He can 't be gone . He can 't . It was horrible . They chased us across half the sector . We were finally able to fight them off , but not before our own ship was damaged . Do you know who was chasing you ? This particular trade route has always been plagued by mercenaries and thieves . I 'm sure they wanted to take our ship and hold us for ransom . I 'm a very prominent physician and Nori is a cousin of the Autarch . We 're grateful for your help , Captain . We 're complete strangers to you , but we owe you our lives . I regret that we weren 't able to save your husband as well . I know your medical staff did everything they could . And Kes has been so kind and compassionate that I don 't think I couId be making it through this time without her . I certainly hope that bringing us home won 't take you too far out of your way . Not at all . We 'II reach IIari in less than two days . When we arrive , I am sure that the Autarch will want to thank you personally . I 'II be very pleased to meet him . Oh ... hello , B 'EIanna . Good to see you , too . I was hoping you 'd be Kes . She was supposed to meet me here 20 minutes ago . It 's not Iike her to be late . She must have gotten held up with some work . I wasn 't sure you 'd enjoy the program with the new modifications Harry and Tom added . well , I 've made a few modifications of my own . Thank you . Great program , NeeIix . Computer , locate Kes . Kes is in Transporter Room 1 . Don 't you worry about using a device that takes apart your molecules and sends them flying through space ? There are all kinds of safety procedures and backup systems to make sure nothing goes wrong . NeeIix to Kes . Kes here . I hope you didn 't forget our lunch date in the holodeck ? I 'm sorry . I 'II be right there . I have to go . I 'II see you later . Are you feeling all right , sweeting ? It 's just a slight headache . well , we should get you to Sick Bay . I 'II be fine . really . After lunch ... we could go out for a sail . That sounds nice . But can we do it some other time ? I promised to show Nori and Adin the airponics bay this afternoon . You certainly seem to have hit it off with our guests . You 've been nearly inseparable since they got here . Nori really needs a friend right now . I want to be there for her . So I hope you understand that I 'II be busy with her and Adin for the next few days . We can keep them busy together . I 'II arrange so many fun activities , Nori won 't have time to be sad . We can start with a lovely picnic ... This is typical of you , NeeIix . What ? Wanting to help ? It bothers you that I 'm making friends of my own . You always have to involve yourself somehow . Why , I ... I certainly don 't mean to intrude on your friendships . You can spend time with anyone you want . As long as I still spend most of it with you . No . I ... I 'd hope that you would want to be with me at Ieast some of the time . It 's not a duty or an obligation . well , sometimes it feels that way . If you feel this way , why haven 't you said so before ? Maybe ... I never realized a relationship could be any different . I 've never been with anyone but you . It might be a good idea ... for both of us to spend some time apart . I 'm sorry . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50348.1 . We 've entered orbit around IIari and sent a message to the Autarch inviting him to visit the ship . Instead , he 'II be sending an official representative . The Autarch might have taken a personal interest in our welfare . I 'm sure he does . Our message made it very clear that you had both completely recovered . I 'm so glad you could join us . Beam our guest aboard . I 'm Captain Kathryn Janeway ... Commander , a phaser has been fired in Transporter Room 1 . Bridge to Janeway . Emergency in Transporter Room ... They 've activated a security alert . seal the door like I showed you . There 's a transport in progress . block it . I 'm locked out . Commander , it 's one of the shuttlecraft . Someone 's beaming it into space . They 're right outside the door . Everyone on the transporter pad now . You 're sure this is safe ? Maybe you 'd rather stay here . Commander , three people just beamed to the shuttIe- - the two IIari ... and Kes . Lock on a tractor beam . I 'm trying , but the shields around the shuttle have been altered . They 're scattering the beam . Target phasers at their engine core just enough to knock out propulsion . It 's too late . They 've gone to warp . Set a course to follow them . I can 't find the shuttle 's warp trail . There 's no sign of them on Iong-range sensors . Transporter Room to Bridge . Ensign Martin and the IIari representative are dead . The Captain is injured and has been beamed to Sick Bay . acknowledged . It looks like the shuttle 's plasma injectors were remoduIated to suppress their warp signature . I wouldn 't think it was possible to make those adjustments so quickly . It takes some incredibly precise calibrations . Someone on that shuttle really knows what they 're doing . They didn 't follow us . Of course not . They 're still trying to figure out what happened . What 's wrong ? Does your head hurt ? A little . It 's nothing . Adin should take a look . I said it 's nothing ! You 're worse than that TaIaxian . We 're in position over the encampment now . Looks like Resh has assembled the troops right on schedule . 400 men just waiting for your orders . Maybe we should give them some . What is this ? Nori , I heard your ship had been destroyed . You didn 't think I 'd let a little accident stop me , do you ? That 's Tieran ? The host body you were expecting is dead . fortunately , a young nurse was with me at the right time and she 's provided me with a very suitable replacement . well , I 'm very relieved you survived . Oh , I 'm sure you are , at Ieast for your own ambitions . I want you to advance my troops to the northern ridge . But we can 't go ahead with the attack now . Are you questioning my orders ? This is insane . We 've spent years planning this- - every move , every detail , and now , suddenly our leader 's been reduced to a little girl ? I 've been exploring the mind of this little girl and I 've discovered some rather interesting abilities . She had barely begun to tap into them . It 's a good thing I came along , so all that wasted potential could be turned to a greater purpose . Now , should I continue the demonstration or do I have your loyalty ? You shall have it ... sir . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50351.4 . We 're holding a meeting with Demmas , the Autarch 's eldest son and heir , in an effort to understand the recent hostile activity . I 'm sure they really wanted to kill my father . He 's the one they invited up to your ship . Nori and Adin are known to be political extremists . How could Kes be involved ? I may be able to explain that . You mentioned that she was with the third patient when he died ? That 's right . Why ? I believe your crew member has been inhabited by the consciousness of a very dangerous man named Tieran . Who is that ? What does he want with Kes ? Oh , I know exactly what he wants- - to overthrow my family 's government and to reinstate himself as the Autarch . He has held title before ? Tieran ruled IIari over two centuries ago . He was a war hero , a brilliant military leader . He brought security and stability during a difficult time in our history . But in peacetime ... he began to treat his own subjects as enemies . He became convinced everyone was a potential traitor . At some point , your people must have rebelled . They did , led by one of my ancestors . They laid siege to the imperial hall for over a year , and the city around it was burned to the ground , but Tieran was finally defeated . And yet , you believe that he , or at Ieast his consciousness , has survived . During his reign , he became obsessed with his own mortality . He spent most of his time and IIari 's resources searching for ways to overcome death . Somehow , he 's discovered a way to transfer his own mind into someone else 's body as he 's done with Kes . So he 's been controlling her . Yes . completely . But she ... he knew things about Kes 's life . He acted enough like Kes to fool us all . The real Kes must still be in there somewhere . Tieran may have access to her memories and her feelings , but the Kes you know ... is lost . I 'm very sorry . I 'm not prepared to accept that yet . Examine the body of the man who died . We need more information about how the transfer works if we want to get Kes back . That 's certainly worth exploring , Captain , but our priority must be to stop Tieran by force if necessary . Voyager is a powerful ship . You may be considering force , but my only intention is to rescue Kes and remove Tieran 's consciousness . That should serve both our interests . You don 't understand what 's at stake here , Captain . You must help me to defend my people . Bridge to the Captain . Go ahead . We 've located the missing shuttle . On my way . Let 's hope we can put an end to this right now . They entered orbit then dropped their shields and cut their engines . There 's a residual trace of transporter activity . It looks like four people beamed from the shuttle to the surface . They 're in the main chamber of the imperial hall . Lock onto those patterns and beam them back to Voyager I can 't . Some kind of interference has gone up around the whole structure . He 's after my family . My father and brother are down there . Ah , the venerated Autarch . I 've been looking forward to meeting you for a Iong time . Father ! Where 's his brother ? I don 't know . He should have been here . Get him out of here ! Lock him up . I think I 've located the brother . According to security logs , Demmas was transported to Voyager over an hour ago . He 's going to be a problem , but we 'II have to deal with him at another time . Give me the talisman . This was stolen from me 200 years ago , and I 've dedicated every moment since to putting it back ... where it belongs . loyalty and service to the new Autarch . loyalty and service . I want you to pay a visit to my supporters in the Yaro province . Give them all new titles , whatever I promised . And , of course , I couldn 't overlook your faithful service . I think the title First CasteIIan suits you very well . I feel like I 've finally come home again , but it 's hardly as I Ieft it . My portrait should be hanging here . As for the rest of this nonsense , it 's nothing more than a useless display of wealth as if the first Autarch needs to impress anyone . I want it all cleared out of here ! Everything should look as it did during my reign . I trust you 'II take care of all that . And we 'II need some new servants , too . What is it ? You don 't look happy . I 'm happy that we 've accomplished our goal , but ... there have been some unexpected changes and I don 't know how they 'II affect our future together . I don 't even know if I 'm still your wife . Forgive me . I haven 't considered how unsettling this must be for you . Don 't worry . You know how much I depend on you . Your loyalty and encouragement have helped make this victory possible . I 'II share everything with you , just as I always promised . Autarch ! Now I 'm afraid I have business to attend to . Leave him here . Everyone else is dismissed . Ameron , you and I haven 't had a chance to get acquainted . I 'm Tieran . Tieran ? I Iike the way you say that . You and I didn 't get off to a very good start , did we ? You murdered my father right in front of me . I shouldn 't have let you watch that . I 'm sorry . But his death was necessary to make room for his successor . Demmas is the rightful heir , not you . How many times have people said the very same thing to you ? It must have been hard to hear every day . The constant reminder that your brother is destined to be ruler just because he was lucky enough to be born first . I don 't think that 's fair , do you ? It 's the Iaw . Doesn 't have to be . It can change . Demmas is off hiding on some alien ship and you 're here ... with me . I 'm sure it 's an opportunity you 've always dreamed of- - to prove that you 're really the natural leader and not just a weak copy of your father . Now you can have that chance , if you 're willing to take it . You mean if I join you . We have so much to offer each other . Your heritage would help solidify my claim , and in return , I couId give you power , real power to control the lives of millions of people to reward your friends , punish your enemies . Everything you want can be yours for the asking . Everything . After what you 've done ? That 's all in the past . You should be thinking about the future . would you rather be a martyr to your brother 's cause ... or rule by my side ? Captain 's Log , supplemental . Demmas has decided to remain on board Voyager for the time being , but continues to monitor the worsening situation on IIari . This coup attempt is turning my people against each other . They 're splitting into factions- - mine and Tieran 's . Whom does the Iaw recognize as Autarch ? officially , I inherited my father 's title upon his death , but this isn 't a matter of law . It 's about loyalty . Some people will follow whoever has more power , and right now , that 's Tieran . He 's gaining support every day . He 's already recruited some of my less reliable allies , which ... may include ... my brother ... Ameron . Your brother ? I assumed he 'd been killed . So did I , until I Iearned otherwise from sources on IIari . Tieran spared his life , no doubt in order to win his loyalty . Ameron 's always been easily swayed . And you believe he would betray you ? That 's very possible . And if he does , there will be no way to avoid a civil war . I must strike now before Tieran is fully prepared . There are always alternatives to war . Before you send in your fleet , I suggest we hear from the Doctor and consider the possibility of removing Tieran from Kes safely . I 've identified the transfer mechanism . This cortical implant was automatically activated at the moment of death . It enhanced Tieran 's neural pattern and sent it out along the peripheral nerves . The actual transfer took place through these bioeIectric microfibers . When they came in direct contact with Kes , they transmitted Tieran 's pattern up through her nervous system and into her brain . I assume Tieran would implant a device like this in his new body as quickly as possible . Perhaps we can use that to our advantage . My thoughts exactly . This synaptic stimulator will tap into the implant in Kes 's body and remove the alien neural pattern . Then her own consciousness can take over . Yes , but how close would you have to get to use this device ? To be fully effective , it wouId have to come in direct contact with her skin . If I couId get anywhere near her , I 'd use a thoron rifle to be absolutely sure . Not if you want my help . Kes is still a member of this crew under my protection . I 'm very sorry she got caught in the middle of this , Captain , but too many other innocent lives have already been lost , including my father 's . Then let 's work together to prevent any more deaths . Don 't risk the lives of your soldiers until you 've exhausted every option . What exactly do you suggest ? If Tieran is anticipating an attack by your fleet , he may not be guarding as carefully against an individual infiltrating the imperial hall . I believe I would be able to get close enough to Kes to use the Doctor 's device . Your knowledge of the hall and its defenses would be invaluable to us . AII right , we 'II try your strategy . The new cortical implant looks fine . Let me just make sure it 's connecting properly to the nerve pathways . Do something about these headaches while you 're at it . They make it difficult to concentrate . That 's an entirely different problem . This body isn 't accepting your neural pattern very easily . She wasn 't a willing host like the others . She 's been resisting me , all right . I can feel her in the back of my mind somewhere like a trapped animal rattling her cage . She has a Iot of spirit . It 's invigorating . Your neural pattern may become unstable if you stay in this host . Now that we 've got the transfer mechanism in place , I suggest you use it to move into a more compatible body . No . I Iike this one particularly the unique mental abilities that come with it . Consider the risks . Do you really think a child like this poses any threat to me ? ! I 've been fighting worse battles since the day I was born . When the doctors said I wouldn 't live past my first year , I proved them wrong . Even when my parents thought I was too sickly to be worth caring for , I survived on the streets . Even when my own ungrateful subjects forced me into exile , I refused to accept defeat ! I certainly won 't surrender to this little girl ! You will not suggest it again ! Demmas has acquired two more ships . There are reports that his fleet is massing behind the fifth moon . We should make a preemptive strike . Not on the basis of an unsubstantiated rumor . Let him come to us . We 'II be ready . I 'm told that the Viceroy of Denar is ready to give you his support in exchange for more territory . When did corruption become so commonplace ? My people are crying out for moral leadership . I should make an example out of this viceroy . What 's wrong ? There 's someone . Tieran ? There 's a familiar presence in this room ... not any of you . Someone from this body 's previous life . Someone she knew well . seal the room . We have an uninvited guest . Everyone , stay where you are ! Who is it ? Someone very good at concealing himself and his thoughts . A disciplined logical mind . You made it this far without being detected , but you didn 't realize how much more perceptive I 've become . typical VuIcan arrogance . It 's touching , really , your concern for the life of your little student risking yourself in a hopeless effort to save her . Get that off . Are you all right ? Yes , I 'm fine , and still perfectly in control of this body . But my compliments on your clever medical technology . An attack on the Autarch is punishable by death . She 's so protective of me . But I think Voyager 's tactical officer might be more useful to me alive . You know that I won 't provide you with any information . You 'd be surprised how often I 've heard that . Who helped you get past my security ? Who betrayed me ? I had no assistance . What will Janeway do when you don 't come back ? Send someone else ? Join Demmas in an assault ? I have no knowledge of the Captain 's plans . She must have discussed alternate strategies with you before you came on this mission . She did not . I suppose I couId threaten you ... or torture you ... but I doubt that would make any difference . You are correct . fortunately , I have other options now . With these new abilities , it 's a simple matter to reach into someone 's mind . With some people , it 's effortless . Others require a little more work . Do you really think you can keep me away from your innermost thoughts ? Your fears and insecurities ? Your feelings ? I sense some embarrassment at being captured , worry about how strong I really am , and , of course , there 's anger . That 's the emotion that really threatens your control . So , you try even harder to hide from me . I feel those mental barriers going up . Do you notice that it doesn 't seem to be working ? As if someone were disrupting your ability to concentrate ? It 's a helpless feeling , isn 't it ? You will not break my control . Not break you , free you- - from all that repression All you have to do is let go I can help you release your own strength and give you what you 've always secretly desired I have never desired Kes . In all those hours you spent alone together , all those intimate moments , touching each other 's minds , you 've never even wondered what it might be like ? Kes ... I 'm here . I 'm fighting him . I had no doubt you would be . There are times when he 's weaker . I can almost break through . Tap into his strengths and make them your own . I 'm losing hold . I am with you . Don 't let go . No ! Captain 's Log , Stardate 50361.7 . Lieutenant Tuvok hasn 't reported for our scheduled rendezvous and we 've been unable to contact him . We 're now considering other , more forceful , options . Our team will beam down to the surface approximately two kilometers from the palace . Demmas and his advanced guard will meet us there . Captain , I request permission to go with you on the rescue team . Now , I had basic combat training on TaIax ... all right , v-very basic- - but I 've also been participating in technical exercises with this crew every month . I have a lifetime of experience thinking on my feet and you know I 'II do everything in my power to make this mission a success . Consider yourself drafted . The detection grid will make a surprise attack difficult . well then , we 'II have to find a way to knock out the grid . I 've been scanning it for weaknesses . The system goes through a maintenance cycle every ten hours . There are a few seconds when it might be vulnerable to a narrow-band EM pulse . Bridge to the Captain . You have an incoming transmission from the planet . Put it through . Captain ... you failed . What do you mean ? I 'm still in control . Your little device was useless and Tuvok is my prisoner . I suggest you call off your new rescue mission before you lose any more members of your crew . You 've made a bad guess , Tieran . There will be no more rescues . My " guess " is that you 've discovered the convenient weakness in the detection grid . If you attempt to take advantage of it , I 'II have twice as many soldiers waiting for you . If this was meant to be a trap , why tell us about it ? I 'm really not a monster . I have no quarrel with Voyager Your crew did save my Iife once when my ship was about to explode . I haven 't forgotten that . This has been a friendly warning , Captain , but it 's the Iast one . Now , I strongly suggest that you accept your losses and be on your way . You have 30 seconds to leave orbit . Send two of my warships to intercept Voyager You 're not well . If you can 't do anything about this pain , then leave me alone . You need to get some sleep . No . She 's there when I sleep . She ? Kes ! Who else ? You can 't stay awake for the rest of your life . The Voyager 's leaving orbit . Let them go . Yes , sir , but ... with all due respect , why ? Demmas is on that ship . Our warships are in position to destroy it . I told them they could go and I keep my word . I don 't have to explain myself to you . Get out ! Everyone ! clear the room now . You 're losing , Tieran . Why won 't you admit it ? I will admit that you 've surprised me . Who would have imagined that such fierce determination existed within that deceptively frail body ? Don 't continue to underestimate me . release me ... or I 'II force you out . My dear , why should we be enemies ? Why waste the energy in conflict when we could achieve so much more by cooperating ? You 're contemptibIe , Tieran . I won 't be any part of your plans . You 're already a part of them . You and I have killed together , remember ? And you will continue to serve my will . You really have no choice . WouIdn 't it be wiser to join me ? To take advantage of all I have to offer ? You may find that you enjoy having power . I assure you , it is the finest aphrodisiac there is . That may work with others , but it won 't with me . So , you insist on making this a battle ? How foolish . It 's a battle I intend to win . Brave words . You 've been an annoyance to me , nothing more . I have been more to you than that and you know it . I 'm fighting you with every bit of strength I have and it 's wearing you down . You 're becoming more unstable every day . The headaches alone are almost more than you can stand . I 've suffered pain all my Iife . It 's going to take more than headaches to stop me . I know all about your life . I know about your suffering . It doesn 't justify what you 've become . You 're a monster , Tieran , and I have no compassion for you . And I don 't ask for any . What I need from you I already have- - your body and your mind . You may have my body , but you 'II never have my mind . I won 't surrender it . You may resist and try to fight me , but eventually I will defeat you . I haven 't existed for two centuries to be brought down by a child . You 're already deteriorating and it 's only going to get worse . I 'II find every little crack in your defenses . You 'II feel yourself crumbling from within , your sanity slipping away . I won 't stop until you 're broken and helpless . There 's nowhere you can go to get away from me . I 'II be relentless and merciless just like you . What are you doing ? ! You were is such a deep sleep , I had to use a stimulant to bring you out of it . Your neural stress readings are extremely erratic . This has gone too far . You must transfer out of this body before it destroys you . I told you not to say that ever again . As you can see , I 'm in full command of my faculties . This momentary lapse will pass , and I 'II be stronger than ever . Stronger than ever ! Stronger than ever . Stronger than ... My friends , we have much to celebrate tonight . Our recent victory , the consolidation of power among those who are loyal to us , and the fact that IIari is poised on the brink of what will be its greatest era of prosperity . But there 's another occasion that 's cause for ceIebration- - one that is perhaps the most joyous of all . I 'd Iike to present my husband-to-be . Don 't be upset . It 's only a political alliance . Ameron will help bring the support of Demmas ' troops . Oh , tell me you still love me . You know I Iove you . Ameron . And Nori . You have both been essential to my success and I want you to be close friends . I want us all to be very ... very close . Nori , don 't make me doubt your loyalty . I 'm not listening to you ! Sir ! Enemy ships are approaching- - at Ieast 20 . It 's Demmas ' fleet ... and Voyager I assume my ships are moving to intercept them ? Yes , but we are outnumbered ! I 've always fought against the odds . My fleet will defeat them . AII the same , I recommend taking some precautions . We should get you to the reinforced shelter . This is a celebration to announce my marriage . I won 't allow Demmas to make me run like some frightened animal ! Join us . Food and drink for my First CasteIIan . I told you to join us . Drink ! Eat ! I want all of you to enjoy yourselves . My charitable projects- - how are they progressing ? When do we break ground for the new library ? Soon . Good ! I want the people to know that I have their welfare at heart . Tomorrow , we 'II send out an edict . Every citizen must have a garden . A garden ? I Iove plants . FIowers- - anything that grows . Some of the times I felt most content were those spent watching the seedlings grow in the airponics ... They 've made it through our defenses . They 're sending down ground forces . That 's impossible . You 're lying . I 'm sending additional troops to their defensive positions . Activating full security measures . That ought to hold them off , but we have to go- - now ! Anyone who tries to leave this room will be shot as a traitor ! Look for yourself ! This has to be a trick- - a ruse of some kind . That 's what they 're doing . They 're creating a distraction to draw my attention away from their real plan . Tieran , please ! They 're coming ! They must have sent an infiltrator . We have an intruder ! I know you 're here somewhere , Tuvok . You don 't realize how perceptive ... I 've become . I know you 're here ! Tuvok ! Mr. Paris . No time for a tearful reunion . We 've got to get you out of here . Someday you 're going to have to show me how to do that . Don 't give in . Stay with me . Tieran ! still here . Fight it ! You must fight it , Tieran . please ! Keep fighting ! Do you have the device ready ? Now ! They 're getting away ! I 'II cover you . We 've got to get out , find a doctor and get you stabilized or transferred to a new host . You will survive . Kes ! Stop ! please ! Stay there . Just let me get to you and this will all be over . Tieran ! Tieran . He 's gone . No , he isn 't . He 's still here . He moved on to someone else before you used this . He wanted you to think he 'd been destroyed ... but he 's hiding in a new host . I know you too well , Tieran . No ! You can 't do this ! You died a Iong time ago . Now it 's time to let go . Demmas . It 's over . Your thoughts are a turbulent ocean . visualize yourself floating above them . I can 't . I 've been using all the meditations you 've taught me , but they 're not helping . You must be patient and allow yourself sufficient time . Don 't attempt to deny the emotional impact of your experience . How can I worry about my own weII-being when ... so many people have suffered and died ? You were not responsible for Tieran 's actions . I can 't help wondering whether I couId have fought harder . It was your absolute refusal to surrender which defeated him . You cannot ask more of yourself than that . Everything seems so different now . My thoughts and perceptions ... even my relationships with my closest friends ... you , the Doctor , NeeIix . How can I go back to my normal life as if nothing ever happened ? You cannot . This experience will force you to adapt . You are no Ionger the same person , and the course of your life will change as a result . Where that new course leads ... is up to you .
