 incredible . absolutely thrilling . AII I can say is ... wow ! What about you , Mr. VuIcan ? Isn 't that just ... ? Wow ! Your inarticuIate expression of awe notwithstanding , Mr. NeeIix , it was a fascinating spectacle . That 's the edge of the shock wave . The pressure 's over 90 kiIopascaIs- - 30 percent more than we predicted . Tom , back us off at full impulse . I want to stay ahead of the brunt of that wave . Yes , ma 'am . congratulations , everyone . only two other crews in the history of starfleet have witnessed a supernova explosion . But neither one was this cIose- - less than ten billion kiIometers- - definitely a record . Who brought the champagne ? Champagne ? ! Captain , if I thought you wanted champagne ... relax , NeeIix . It 's a figure of speech . Thanks for inviting us to watch with you , Captain . It 's really gotten me interested in learning more about stellar phenomena . Just remember , Kes , anyone can stargaze on the Bridge- - even a hologram with a mobile emitter- - but the real action will always be in Sick Bay . How 'd those shield modifications hold up , B 'EIanna ? Less than a seven percent power drain . Good job . Chakotay , what do you say we get started analyzing those carbon conversion readings ? Captain , you 've been on the Bridge for 14 straight hours . Don 't you think you deserve a little rest ? Harry and I will get to work on the astrometric analysis and we 'II give you a full report in the morning . You win . I 'II see you at 0700 . Janeway to Security . Intruder alert . There 's no need to call room service , Kathy . I 've already ordered . Oh , Q. You did say you wanted champagne . Janeway to Security . Intruder alert . Oh , it 's no use . I 've taken the proverbial phone off the hook . After all , we don 't want any interruptions . What are you doing here ? To us . There is no us , Q. The night is young , and the sheets ... are satin . I want you out , but first , get rid of this bed . I have no intention of getting between those StarfIeet-issue sheets . They give me a terrible rash . Since you won 't be getting in the bed , I wouldn 't worry about it . Oh , Kathy ... don 't be such a prude . Admit it . It has been a while . And it 's going to be a while longer . Now get out . So tense . Why don 't you slip into something more comfortable ? If you think this puerile attempt at seduction is going to work , you 're even more seIf-deIuded than I thought . Oh , I see . You think I 'm interested in some tawdry one-night stand . That 's because I haven 't told you why I 'm here yet . Out of all the females , of all the species in all the galaxies , I have chosen you to be the mother of my child . I know that you 're probably asking yourself : " Why would a brilliant , handsome , " dashingIy omnipotent being like Q want to mate with a scrawny , little bipedaI specimen like me ? " Let me guess . No one else in the universe will have you . Nonsense ! I couId have chosen a klingon targ , the romulan empress , a CyriIIian microbe . really ? I beat out a singIe-ceIIed organism ? How flattering . It 's an overwhelming honor , isn 't it ? I can 't get you out of my mind . You 're confident , passionate , beautiful . And totally uninterested . Kathy , you can 't leave . My cosmic clock is ticking . Besides , you have no idea what you 're missing . ForepIay with a Q can last for decades . Sorry , but I 'm busy for the next 60 or 70 years . Oh , I see . This is one of those silly human rituals . You 're playing hard to get . As far as you 're concerned , Q , I 'm impossible to get . Goody . A challenge . This is going to be fun . Janeway to Bridge . Chakotay here , Captain . I thought you were going to get some sleep . I 've just had a visit from Q. He 's gone now , but I want to be notified immediately if he reappears anywhere on the ship , or if anything odd starts to happen . acknowledged . What did he want ? Let 's just say he had a personal request . Captain ? I 'm not sure what he 's really up to , but I have a feeling he 'II be back . Janeway out . Come in . I 've got those carbon conversion readings from the supernova . Thank you . Is there something else ? Have you heard anything more from Q ? No . I wish I couId believe he 's gone for good . I was wondering just what you meant when you said he made a personal request . He wants to mate with me . I see . obviously , it 's out of the question- - and I suspect it 's a smoke screen , knowing Q. He 's probably got some hidden agenda . Maybe . Chakotay ... I know I don 't have any right to feel this way , but this bothers the hell out of me . I do believe you 're jealous . Why didn 't you tell me there was another man ? Because there isn 't . I 'm just not interested in you . Any more questions ? I was wondering , Kathy , what could anyone possibly see in this big oaf anyway ? Is it the tattoo ? Because mine 's bigger . Not big enough . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50384.2 . Q 's unannounced visits continue . Since I suspect he 's up to something more than pursuing me , I 've instructed the crew to take every opportunity to uncover his true motives . Who says crew performance reports have to be a chore ? Oh ... Sure beats working on the Bridge . Now , if we could just convince the Captain to start holding morning briefings in here ... Now , that 'II be the day . Nice program , Tommy , but it 's all just so much hollow pleasure , isn 't it ? AII right , Q , we 'II bite . What do you want ? Guys ... I just don 't understand your Captain . I 've tried everything- - filling the Bridge with roses , writing Drabian Iove sonnets , serenading her in her bath ... Oh , I 'II bet she loved that one . But no matter what lengths I go to win her heart , she rejects me- - me ! How , I ask you , is that possible ? Did it ever occur to you that she just doesn 't like you ? No . Look , Q , we 've been told about your appearances on the Enterprise We know your little visits usually turn out to be more than meet the eye , so save your broken-heart routine and tell us what you 're really after . I just thought that the two of you might be able to give me some advice on how to break through Kathy 's icy exterior . You know , man-to-man . My advice would be to give up before you embarrass yourself any more than you already have . Come on , Harry . We 're not going to get a straight answer out of this guy . You- - bar rodent- - another one of these ... fruity concoctions . Not unless you tell me why you 're bothering Captain Janeway . Captain Janeway ? ! Now , that 's a subject I want to discuss . tell me , what are some of her favorite things ? chocolate truffles , stuffed animals ? Erotic art ? You can 't bribe Captain Janeway . Oh , no ? Isn 't that what you do ? What are you talking about ? I understand that you acquire things for her- - create little interesting diversions , prepare little tasty treats . After all , why else would she be so fond of your ... fur-Iined face ? Do you want to know what Captain Janeway likes about me ? I 'II tell you . I am respectful , loyal , and most of all , sincere , and those are qualities which someone like you could never hope to possess . This isn 't going to work , Q. How can you ignore that face ? He 's adorable , but this has to stop . please . Accept him ... as a small token of my affection . No . Suit yourself . May we talk ? Just talk ? I 'm ... afraid that I haven 't been sincere . When you first asked why I wanted to have a child with you , I made jokes , bragged about my prowess , engaged in sexual innuendo . I was using all that to cover up my true feelings . And I suppose you want to share your true feelings with me now . I 'm lonely . lonely ? Oh , I know it 's hard to believe , but I 've been single for billions of years . It was fun at first- - gaIIivanting around the galaxy , using my omnipotence to impress females of every species . The fact of the matter is , it ... it left me empty . I want someone to love me for myself . I guess what I 'm saying is ... I want a relationship . I just thought if you and I had a child , it wouId give me that kind of stability and security that I 've been missing . Sorry , Q. I 'm not buying it . Oh . AII right . Let 's see if you buy this . You 're stuck out here , thousands of Iight-years from home , and you aren 't getting any younger , are you ? AII your hopes for home , hearth or family grow dimmer every day . Admit it , Kathryn . You 're lonely , too . And you wonder if you will ever have a child . You 're right . I would Iike to have a child someday . Oh ... But not with you . Why not ? I 'm just not the right kind of woman for you , Q. Truer words were never spoken . Q ! How did you find me ? Never mind that . What are you doing with that dog ? I 'm not talking about the puppy . Can 't you see I 'm busy here ? Stop stalking me ! You should be back in the Continuum . Excuse me ... but who are you exactly ? Kathryn Janeway , may I present ... Q. Not just any Q- - his Q. We were involved for a while . About four billion years . And now you desert me to pollute the Continuum with the DNA of this ... narrow little being . I never said it was exclusive . Stay away from him . Look ... Miss Q , I 'II save you a Iot of trouble . I have zero interest in him . Oh , now you see what you 've done ? And I was finally making progress . Bridge to Janeway . You 'd better come in here , Captain . On my way . I 'd really appreciate it if you would take this domestic squabble off my ship . Report . You 're not going to believe this , Captain , but another star in this cluster just went supernova . It 's .02 Iight-years from our current position . Make that two supernovas , Commander- - I just picked up another one at 217 mark 47 . Estimated time of implosion : 67 seconds . Get us out of here , Tom . I can 't . A subspace shock wave from the star is collapsing the warp field . Red alert . Tuvok , increase power to the shields . Tom , lay in a course away from that shock wave , maximum impulse . A star going supernova is an event that occurs once every century in this galaxy . Now we 're about to witness our third in less than three days- - all in the same sector . Why do I suspect you have something to do with this ? She may be a member of an intellectually challenged species , but she 's right . Your irresponsible behavior is continuing to have cosmic consequences . will you stop overreacting ? ! always nagging . Now you see why I Ieft her . Are you causing these supernovas ? well , not exactly . What 's that supposed to mean ? It 's no use , Captain . The shock wave is too fast for us . Try evasive maneuvers . I 'm afraid a course correction will be futile , Captain . There are now three distinct shock waves heading toward us on various trajectories . It will be impossible to avoid them all . Divert auxiliary power to the shields . You have the ability to get us out of here , so do it . 16 seconds to impact . I 'm not sure if the shields will hold . Do something , Q ! well ... if you insist . That two-timing toad ! Contact with the first shock wave within three seconds , Commander . AII hands , brace for impact . Q , where have you taken me ? well , I must admit your gown is very becoming . I don 't have time for your little fantasies . Return me to Voyager This is no fantasy . You 're in the Q Continuum now . The Continuum ? That 's right . I 'm simply allowing you to perceive it in the context your human mind can comprehend . The last time you brought me here , it looked like some sort of way station on a desert road . Ha . It was awfully drab , wasn 't it ? But this- - this is a much more colorful representation for a human of American descent , don 't you think ? An elegant manor house , a beautiful southern belle , a dashing Union officer , determined to win her affections despite her hatred for Yankee interIopers ... Enough . The only thing that interests me right now is the welfare of my ship and crew . well , I 'm sure your First Officer- - ChuckIes , is it ? I 'm sure he 's got everything under control for the moment . I 'd Iike to make sure of that myself , if you don 't mind . This has gone way beyond your ship . It 's even gone beyond you and me . This is about the future of the Continuum itself . Stop speaking in riddles and tell me what 's going on . I 'II do better than that . I 'II show you . The Continuum is burning . The Q are in the middle of a civil war . Start explaining . Do you remember our friend Quinn ? The Q who committed suicide aboard Voyager ? Do you recall what I said might happen if he were allowed to take his own life ? You said it wouId represent an interruption to the Continuum ... that it could have dire consequences . I 'd say a civil war is pretty dire , wouldn 't you ? His death caused this conflict . It caused chaos and upheaval ... because even though he was gone , his calls for freedom and individualism continued to echo in the ears of those who believed in his teachings- - myself among them . I sounded the trumpet and carried the banner . naturally , others followed . The forces of the status quo tried to crush us once and for all , but we fought back and now there 's a cosmic struggle for supremacy and the battle is spreading , causing hazardous repercussions throughout the galaxy . Oh , the supernovas . You might call them ... " galactic cross fire . " It 's terrible , isn 't it ? But it 's also a wonderful opportunity . I faiI to see anything wonderful about a war . War can be an engine of change . War can transform a society for the better . Your own civil war brought about an end to slavery and oppression . But our civil war came at a time before mankind had learned to resolve disputes without bloodshed . surely , the Q have evolved to a point where you can find a nonviolent way to resolve a conflict . That 's where you come in . What do I have to do with any of this , Q ? I want you to help me transform the Continuum in the same way your civil war transformed a nation . By mating with you ? ! I know . It 's brilliant , isn 't it ? I don 't see how a baby is going to end a war being fought by a race of omnipotent beings . It 's simple . Mating will create a new breed of Q , which will combine my omnipotence and infinite intellect with the best that humanity has to offer . You believe human DNA is going to restore peace ? precisely . What the Continuum needs right now is an infusion of fresh blood , a new sensibility , a new leader , a new messiah . Think of it , Kathy- - our child will be like a precious stone tossed into the cosmic lake , sending endless ripples of human conscience and compassion to wash up on every distant shore of the universe . What greater contribution could a being of your limited power ever hope to make ? What is more important to humanity than peace ? I 'm offering you the opportunity to be the mother of peace . well , what 's it going to be ? Q ! You 're bleeding . Report ! shield strength is at 20 percent . hull damage on Decks 9 through 14 . Minor injuries reported on all decks . Warp drive is off-Iine . Commander , according to these readings , the shock waves have knocked us 16 billion kilometers from our previous location . I want to know what 's going on here . Where 's Captain Janeway ? Let me go before I hurl this ship and everyone on it into the Therinian Ice Age . I don 't think you can . Don 't be ridiculous . I don 't know how or why , but something 's affected your powers . Otherwise , you wouldn 't still be here and you wouldn 't have a bruise on your forehead . Now start talking before I hurl you into the brig . And it 's the war in the Continuum that 's causing the supernovas ? May we presume that this conflict is also responsible for the weakening of your powers and your inability to return to the Continuum ? The vulcan talent for stating the obvious never ceases to amaze me . How were Q and Captain Janeway able to reenter the Continuum , and you weren 't ? I tried to return , but I was wounded in the process . Oh . Don 't try to understand it . It 's far beyond your limited capacity to comprehend . What 's important is , I 'm stuck here with you mortals while Q is probably in the process of irreparabIy harming the Continuum with that woman . Hmm ! Tossed aside for someone five billion years younger . If it weren 't so laughable , I 'd cry . Look , we want our Captain back , and you obviously want to get home . Why don 't we help each other ? How could you possibly help me ? There 's got to be some way to get back to the Continuum besides snapping your fingers . Hmm . well , there is one possibility , but , somehow , I don 't think this rickety barge or your haIf-witted crew members are up to the challenge . May I remind you , madam , that this " rickety barge " and its " haIf-witted crew " are your only hope at the moment . Ow ! That hurts . Be still . I never thought a Q could be injured . As I said , this is only your perception of what is happening . I can assure you those are not mere cannon balls and lead charges being fired at us . So they 're some sort of ... Q weapons ? You 'd be surprised what innovative munitions can be created by one immortal being who set his mind on killing another . hold your fire ! hold your fire ! You 're surrounded , Q. Surrender now , and we 'II be merciful . call a truce . talk to them . Maybe you can resolve this peacefully . What 's your answer , Q ? I 'II never surrender , you know that ! Resume fire ! Resume fire ! Get the rifle in the corner . And take the other window . This is your fight , Q , not mine . That 's how you feel about it . But if their weapons can make me bleed , what do you think they 'II do to you ? Oh ! Q ... come on . Come on ! First Officer 's Log , Stardate 50392.7 . while we don 't fully understand the astrophysics underlying her plan , the female Q has suggested several modifications which may allow Voyager to enter the Continuum . well ? well , what ? Are you finished yet ? What you 've asked us to do requires a complete reconfiguration of the shield array . It takes a while ... for us mere mortals , that is . surely there 's some way you can speed up the process ? If you 're in such a hurry , why don 't you just snap your fingers and do it yourself ? Oh , that 's right . You 've lost your powers and you need our help . I don 't think you understand . It 's imperative that I get back to the Continuum before Q mates with your Captain . I understand perfectly . You aren 't the first female who 's ever had a man run out on her . I hope you 're not comparing some failed romance in your pitiful existence to my eternal association with Q ? You know , I have really had it with this superiority complex of yours . It 's not a complex , dear . It 's a fact . well , here 's another fact : If you don 't stop pestering me , I 'm never going to finish , in which case , your association with Q might not be quite as eternal as you think . You know , I 've always liked KIingon females . You 've got such ... spunk . Oh , thank you . Yup . Here you go . Easy now . Keep drinking . Oh , thank you , thank you . Sure thing . You take as much as you want . Ah , yes . Take your time . Where are we ? One of your faction 's encampments . How ? I pulled you out of the mansion and managed to hide you from the enemy patrols . Then I spotted some of your people retreating from the battle . From the look of them , I 'd say you 're not on the winning side . You saved my Iife . And now , it 's time to end all this . I knew you 'd come around . I 've been thinking about what you said- - that creating a new Q could bring an era of peace . Oh , my wild , sweet Kathy . I promise you won 't regret it . Oh , you 're not going to have a child with me . You 're going to mate with that charming lady friend of yours that appeared on my ship . Mate with another Q ? ridiculous . Sounded to me like you and she had a very Iong-term relationship . Yes , but it was never physical . I mean , the Q are way beyond sex . It 's never been done . really ? Then how exactly did the Q come into existence in the first place ? The Q didn 't come into existence . The Q have always existed . Besides , I can only mate with a species capable of copulation ... like you . But I don 't love you , Q. Yes , but what does that have to do with it ? Everything . It 's the foundation of a family . I couId never have a child with someone I didn 't love , much less give it up to the Continuum . Dearest Kathy , I would never dream of having you give it up . I mean , who would raise it ? Who would look after it ? I 'm really not cut out to be a wet nurse . Oh ... so you 're not willing to do the hard work ? I 'm an idea man . Hard work isn 't my forte . I 'd change specialties if I were you , 'cause the kind of trouble you 're in needs more than a quick fix . You can 't just sprinkle a little human DNA into the Continuum and make everything all right . Why not ? Those " best qualities of humanity " you talked about aren 't a simple matter of genetics . Love , conscience , compassion they 're attributes that mankind has developed over centuries ; values that have passed from one generation to the next , taught by parents to their children . Creating a new kind of Q is a noble idea , but it will take more than impregnating someone and walking away . If you want your offspring to embrace your ideals , you 're going to have to teach them yourself . Yes , but that 's exactly why I want you here- - to nourish and guide the little tyke . Think of the opportunities here in the Continuum . The entire universe would be our child 's playground . Together , the two of you could explore dimensions you 've never even imagined . 'Fess up- - isn 't it even slightly tempting ? I 'd be lying if I said no . What explorer wouldn 't be intrigued by the idea of seeking out whole new dimensions ? But I have other responsibilities and I won 't just abandon them . Ah , yes . The crew of the intrepid Starship Voyager Perhaps you 'd be interested in sending them home . You 've tempted me with that prospect before , but , frankly , your credibility is more than a little suspect . My crew and I will get home . We 're committed to that . But we 're going to do it through hard work and determination . We are not looking for a quick fix . Even if I wanted to mate , I wouldn 't know how . It 's totally unprecedented . You 'II figure something out . You are omnipotent , after all . I need time to think about it . Time 's up , Q. You 've got to stop this war before it destroys the Continuum . Now , I 'm taking this white flag and I 'm going over to the enemy camp and I 'm going to tell them you 're ready to talk about terms for a cease-fire . Kathy , don 't be a hero . I 'm going , Q , so if I were you , I 'd start working on a way to set that precedent . First Officer 's Log , supplemental . We 've laid in a course for the point in space where the female Q says we can enter the Continuum and find the Captain . You- - heIm boy . Adjust course to heading 235 mark 08 . Increase speed to maximum impulse . Sir ? Uh , Commander ? What is it , Harry ? She 's put us on a direct course for another star about to go supernova . You did say you wanted to get into the Continuum . Yes , but in one piece . Try to wrap your minuscuIe mind around this . These supernovas are actually caused by spatial disruptions within the Continuum- - the result of the war . Now , each time a star implodes , a negative density false vacuum is created , which actually sucks the surrounding matter into the Continuum . So Voyager will be pulled in , too . If we time it perfectly . Otherwise , the subsequent explosion will blow you all into micro-fragments . Commander , I needn 't remind you that close proximity to a supernova will crush us whether or not we time it perfectly . You 're so negative . He does have a point . Humanoids . Q to Engineering . Go ahead , Q. Take warp drive off-Iine , then remoduIate the shields to emit a beta-tachyon pulse and prepare to emit a series of focused antiproton beams to the shield bubble . Does this make any sense to you at all , B 'EIanna ? I 'd be lying if I said I understood it completely , but if she 's thinking what I think she 's thinking , we should increase power to the shields by ... a factor of ten . That 's assuming , of course , that the shield bubble doesn 't ignite and burn us all to a crisp . We 'II be reaching the imploding star in 13 seconds . I still have time to change course . Maintain your course . B 'EIanna , take warp drive off-Iine , remoduIate the shields and get ready to emit the antiprotons . acknowledged . Entering the star 's corona in three seconds . Antiprotons now , B 'EIanna . Ah , Captain Janeway , I presume . You 're dismissed . I 'm sorry to have kept you waiting , madam . please , sit down . I understand you walked into our camp alone and unarmed ? That 's right . The Continuum is a dangerous place for all of us right now , not to mention a solitary human female . I admire your bravery . I 've come with an offer of truce from Q. I 'm afraid the time for diplomacy is past , madam . If we don 't end this war quickly , the damage to subspace will be ... irreversible . Then you agree the fighting has to stop . Most certainly . That 's why we intend to bring this war to a conclusion by the most expedient means possible . I 'm relieved to hear you say that . May I ask how ? Quite simple , really . Since Q is the ringleader of the so-caIIed " freedom faction , " we shall have to execute him . With all due respect , sir , there are no chapters in the history of my own people more tragic than wars which set neighbor against neighbor . Q has an idea for a nonviolent way to bring this conflict to an end . I urge you to listen to what he has to say . We 're already resolved , madam . I 'd be greatly in your debt if you 'd tell me where we could find him . I won 't do that . No , I didn 't think you would . Excuse me , sir . fortunately , we won 't be needing your assistance . I told you , he 's willing to negotiate . Let him go . She 's right . I 've had a change of heart . GroveI all you want , Q. I 've been waiting for this moment for an eternity . Put them both in chains . Wait . What are you charging me with ? collaborating with the enemy , which , in the Continuum , is a crime punishable ... . by death . - Captain . - Private . Let 's go . Why won 't you listen to me ? I told your commander last night , we can resolve the situation peacefully . If it 's any consolation , there are those in the Continuum who will remember us as martyrs . I 'd rather skip that particular honor . Oh ... still , you have to admit there 's something romantic about going to our deaths together . Do you have any last words ? I won 't plead for my own life . From your perspective , I know it seems insignificant , but what is not insignificant is the fact that the Q , as an omnipotent race , have an opportunity to be a positive force , to set a higher standard for other beings in the galaxy . I implore you all don 't go through with this . Don 't allow yourselves to continue using violence to resolve your differences . Q , do you have anything to add ? Today , I sacrifice my existence for the principles of freedom and individuality that I have fought for so long . But this woman is innocent . What 's more she saved my Iife and she tried to save us from each other . kill me if you must ... but let her go . It 's a very touching speech , Q. But as usual , your rhetoric fails to compensate for your irresponsibility . Ready . Aim . I 'm sorry . I know . Fire ! I 'm hit . I 'm dying . Q. What ? They 're not firing at us . They 're not ? Harry , get to the Captain . Captain , are you all right ? I 'm fine . Oh , darling , I knew you 'd come for me . Aren 't you going to untie me ? How do I know you won 't run off with the next bipedaI female that catches your eye ? well , it just so happens I have a proposal which will reassure you of my devotion . Hmm ! Put down the gun ! Think of it , Q. We 'd be visionaries , innovators- - the parents of peace . Oh , that does have a ring to it . Captain , what should I do with him ? Q and I have a plan to end the war . call off your troops . Do as she says , and I 'II call my people off . They may be humanoids , but they 're using our weapons . Cease fire ! hold your fire ! Cease fire ! tell our people to stop shooting . hold your fire ! Put down your weapons . So , darling , have you given any thought as to how we might accomplish this historic act of procreation ? I 've thought of nothing else since you suggested it . Oh ... As a matter of fact , I ... Oh . Oh . Oh . I Iove it when you talk dirty . Why don 't I give you two some privacy ? Oh , Kathy . Don 't you Iike to watch ? - Oh . - Mmm . I was good , wasn 't I ? Very good . That was it ? You had your chance . Don 't go crying about it now . Lieutenant Paris , what 's our position ? We 're back on our original course . AII crew are present and accounted for . Ensign Kim , any sign of supernovas ? No , ma 'am . Nothing but calm space ahead . Looks like the war 's over . Mr. Chakotay , run a series of standard diagnostics . If everything checks out , take us to warp 6 . Aye , Captain . I 'II be in my ready room . A-dabba-dabba-do . Q. He 's got my cheekbones , don 't you think ? He 's adorable . I 'd say fatherhood agrees with you . well , I 'II admit , I ... I Iook at the universe in an entirely different way now . I mean , I can 't go around causing temporal anomalies or subspace inversions without considering the impact it 'II have on my son . I 'm glad to hear you intend to set a good example . By the way , did I tell you how smart he is ? I 've already taught him how to knock small planets out of orbit . And I thought you were going to teach him about love and conscience . Oh ... that 's why we want Aunty Kathy to be the godmother now , don 't we ? I 'm ... honored . Yeah , well , wait until we ask you to baby-sit . You can 't leave the little guy alone for a nanosecond . well ... it 's time to be going . The old ball and chain really hates it when we 're late . Say bye-bye . Bye-bye .
