 Sorry . I didn 't realize that you 'd been assigned here today . I wasn 't . This space was unoccupied , so I came here to work . On what ? I 'm reconfiguring the power couplings in this section . Why ? The Astrometrics Lab requires additional energy . I see . So you 're rerouting power from other locations like ... Engineering . They are minor adjustments . Primary systems will not be affected . Unless , of course , someone is trying to do a warp core diagnostic , which my crew has been trying to do all morning . We have lost hours of work because of this . There is no need for anger . I had no intention of causing a problem . What , " sorry " isn 't in the Borg vocabulary ? You need to check with me before you touch the power systems . Understood ? Understood . I am unaccustomed to working in a hierarchy . In the collective , there was no need to ask permission . If you 're going to be a member of this crew , get used to it . Procedures exist for a reason . We 've got to work together . We follow the same set of rules ... Lieutenant ? I was given that lecture once , by Captain Janeway when I first joined this crew . If I could adjust to Starfleet life ... so can you . Of course . I am ... sorry for the inconvenience . Doc , I 've got to go run a few errands . I 'll be back soon . Not so fast , Mr. Paris . Can 't these errands wait until the end of your duty shift ? Uh ... well , it 's my conn report , actually . I just realized I forgot to turn it in and Chakotay gives me a hard time when it 's late . You 've been here all afternoon . Didn 't this occur to you before ? Well , we 've been so ... busy that I guess it just slipped my mind . I see . Well , since it 's an emergency , don 't let me stand in your way . Thanks . Sir . Computer , lock on to these coordinates . I need a site - to - site transport . No , wait . Access the central replicator files first . Ah ... perfect . Are those supposed to make up for canceling on me last night ? I got stuck with an extra shift on the Bridge . What could I say- - " Sorry , Captain , I 've got a date with B 'Elanna " ? And what about right now ? Aren 't you supposed to be working in Sick Bay ? I said I had to go deliver a conn report . Not bad . But he 'll be expecting you back . He can wait . What is it ? I just had the feeling that somebody was watching us . I must be completely paranoid about getting caught in a compromising position . Kind of exciting , isn 't it ? Your trapezius is hard as a rock . You haven 't been following the relaxation regimen I prescribed for you . I 've been too busy . The usual story . Have you been getting enough sleep ? More or less . Mostly less . Mm - hmm . And have your headaches been getting any worse ? No , but they 're not getting any better either . They 're like hot needles driving into my skull . These symptoms are hardly surprising , Captain . You work absurdly long hours under constant stress , eating on the run , without sufficient exercise or rest . Your body is crying out for mercy . It certainly is right now . There must be some easier way to do this , Doctor . A hypospray , maybe ? Always looking for the simple fix . Sometimes there 's no substitute for intensive osteopathic pressure therapy . You 're fortunate to have a masseur who can work all day without tiring . Bridge to the Captain . Commander , unless this is an emergency my patient is unavailable . I 'm here , Chakotay . What is it ? We 've reached the source of those energy readings and I thought you 'd like to see what we 've found . On my way . Captain ... I know what you 're going to say , Doctor , but I can 't neglect my responsibilities . Actually , I was going to suggest a change of outfit . Binary pulsars . The gravitational forces between them are so intense that everything within 50 million kilometers is getting pulled in . Don 't worry . We 're well out of range . Gamma radiation levels are high , but as long as we 're careful l think we can collect some invaluable data . Captain , am I boring you ? I 'm sorry . I guess I 'm a little too tired to concentrate on stellar phenomena right now . I 'll leave this project in your capable hands , hmm ? You wanted to see me , Lieutenant ? Yes. I 'm trying to increase the efficiency of the impulse drive , but I wanted to make sure that I wasn 't compromising helm control . Sensible precaution . I 'd be glad to help . Good . All of the specs are at my upper workstation . Then let 's get started . Did you hear something ? You always think you hear something . Commander . Lieutenant . Here is the power usage data you requested . Right . Of course . I didn 't expect it quite so ... promptly . Which I guess I should have , uh , coming from you . I mean , I 'm grateful that you got the data to me so quickly . Thanks . Tuvok . Tuvok , I guess that was kind of embarrassing . I don 't experience embarrassment . Right . Well , then I guess there 's no harm done . It 's not like there was a security violation or anything . None that I am aware of . So , I guess there 's nothing that would have to go on any kind of report . You want me to conceal what I 've observed of your relationship with Lieutenant Torres . Well , I 'd certainly never ask you to be dishonest . Certainly not . Do you think he 'll say anything to the Captain ? I don 't know . Well , how did he sound ? Annoyed ? Amused ? He sounded Vulcan . What more can I tell you ? Deck 1 . We have got to be more careful with appearances . We shouldn 't go into the briefing at the same time . Good idea . Okay , you go in first . I 'll come in a minute later . No . That 'll look even more suspicious . Listen to us . We 're acting like criminals when we haven 't done anything wrong . Well , I 'm not saying that we have . I just thought we wanted to keep this relationship to ourselves . We do , right ? Do you ? If you do . Computer , halt turbolift . Let 's figure out how we 're going to handle this . Well ... I don 't think that it 's anybody else 's business how we feel about each other . Neither do I . Right , then we 're agreed . We 're just a little more careful in public and we don 't say anything to anybody . At least for now . Now ? Sounds like you see a future in this . I would never be so presumptuous . Smooth recovery , Lieutenant . I thought so . Computer , resume . So I 'll go first , and you follow . Right . Here 's the plan . We 'll circle the two pulsars at a minimum distance of 80 million kilometers . That might not be far enough . We 've been detecting some random proton bursts . A strong one could knock out our shields . Tom , go to 90 . Keep it a safe distance . Yes , sir . Tuvok , keep our shields at maximum strength . Divert auxiliary power if you need it . I want to take every precaution on this survey . Report any problems immediately , no matter how small . Dismissed . Lieutenants Paris and Torres , I 'd like to speak with you for a moment . Thanks . I don 't usually pry into the personal lives of my crew , but in this case , I have to question your recent conduct . I guess Tuvok ... Tuvok ? I haven 't heard a word from Tuvok . But you two have been making enough of a public display that half the ship is gossiping about it . Believe me , that wasn 't our intention ... You are senior officers and I expect you to maintain the standard for the rest of the crew . But this adolescent behavior makes me question my faith in you both . If you choose to pursue a relationship , that 's your business . But you consider yourselves under orders to use better judgment about it . is that understood ? - Yes , ma 'am . - Yes , Captain . Dismissed . Computer , hot coffee- - black . Commander Chakotay is suffering bone decalcification , tissue necrosis , decreased visual acuity- - all classic signs of aging- - but they 've developed within hours . Any theories ? There 's a rare genetic disorder called progeria , which causes children to age prematurely . But there 's never been an adult case and it was supposedly eradicated two centuries ago . Even so , I took a close look at your DNA . These segments regulate your body 's metabolism . My scans indicate that they 've been hyper - stimulated somehow . What 's the prognosis ? I can 't speculate on that until I 've identified the cause . There 's no sign of an infectious agent . We spent several hours near a binary pulsar that was emitting intense gamma radiation . Our shields were operating . I don 't see how I could have been exposed to it . At this point , we can 't rule out anything . I 'm going to take a closer look at the data we collected . We should also run scans of my quarters , as well as my office and the Bridge- - everywhere I 've been today . I 'm not prepared to send you back on duty yet , Commander . I may look pretty strange , but my mind is perfectly clear . I 'd rather stay busy than just sit here . I have no idea how your symptoms will progress . You should remain in Sick Bay for observation . He 's right , Chakotay . I 'll keep you informed . Whatever 's affecting the Commander 's DNA is working at a submolecular level . I 'd like to set up an electron resonance scanner in the Science Lab to get a closer look . Use whatever you need . And ask B 'Elanna to give you a hand . Still having headaches , Captain ? I don 't need any more lectures about working too hard , Doctor . Chakotay 's the one who needs your attention right now . I 'll get to work on the scanner right away . " Under orders to use better judgment " ? Well , that 's pretty harsh . I hope I can manage it . Well , she does have a point . You could have been more discreet . Oh. I forgot I was talking to the most upstanding Ensign in Starfleet . Good morning . Neelix . I was just about to whip up a fresh batch of scrambled eggs . Would you like some ? Actually , I was hoping you might have some leftover pleeka rind casserole from last night . For breakfast ? I like it . I 'm sure I can find some for you . So , I guess your relationship isn 't exactly a secret anymore . Do you think anybody on this ship can keep a secret ? Neelix ! Aah ... aah ... What 's ... what 's happening ? Paris to the Doctor . I 'm bringing Neelix to Sick Bay . It 's an emergency . Now pay attention , Mr. Paris . These scans should indicate whether ... Hmm . What is it ? It seems that your DNA has been hyper - stimulated just like Commander Chakotay 's . But Neelix doesn 't seem to be aging . No . The effects are quite different . If anything , I look ... like a Mylean . They occupy a region of space near Talax . Interesting . Do Talaxians and Myleans share a common ancestry ? Not that I know of . Do the two races ever intermarry ? Yes . As a matter of fact , my great - grandfather was Mylean . Then one - eighth of your genetic material was inherited from him . Those must be the genes which have become stimulated . Too bad my great - grandfather wasn 't a little better - looking . Hmm . As far as I can tell , his condition seems stable . I 'm going to leave you in charge of Sick Bay so I can continue the DNA analysis . If anyone else comes in , I 'll run a cellular scan . is there anything else I can do ? Do your best to keep them comfortable . Until we have more information , that 's the best either of us can do . Thought you might be thirsty . Thanks . Do you smell something strange ? I ... I 'm ... I 'm afraid that 's me . I seem to be developing Mylean sweat glands . Sorry . It 's not so bad . Well , whatever happens , I ... I try to keep in mind that things could be worse . I still have my home here on Voyager , my friends ... Your hair . True , but I 'd gladly lose it if I could have my taste buds back . At least you 're not losing your eyesight . See that display over there ? It 's nothing but a blur . You think that 's bad ? The Doctor tells me my pupils have dilated 60 percent . I can 't even look at that display , it 's so bright . Yeah ? Well , I 've got chronic arthritis in my fingers . I can barely keep this glass steady . That 's nothing . My spinal column is fusing together . In a matter of days , I won 't be able to walk . Got you beat . I can barely walk now . Lieutenant , can we help ? I don 't think so . I 'm releasing you both back to your quarters . I 've just gotten reports of more patients on the way . It 's going to get crowded in here . How 's the scanner ? Almost ready . Good . This disorder seems to be spreading rapidly among the crew . Does that mean we 'll all be affected ? Right now , it only means that we need to find some answers as quickly as possible . All right . Give the scanner a try . I 'll start with Commander Chakotay . How 's the resolution ? Very nice . Now , let 's focus in on the hyper - stimulated segments of his DNA . Can you give me more magnification ? Coming up . That 's odd . What is ? There seems to be some kind of contaminant on the base pair sequence . It didn 't show up on the first scan . I need a closer look . I 'm going to maximum magnification . What do you see ? I 'm not exactly sure . Well , what does it look like ? See for yourself . I 'm no microbiologist , but ... that doesn 't look like it belongs there . Believe me , it doesn 't . I 've never seen anything like it . This level of submolecular technology is well beyond anything Starfleet has developed . What are those markings ? Some kind of alien writing ? I wish I knew . They might help us determine where it came from . But who could have put this into Chakotay 's cells without his knowledge ? Let me try a compositional analysis . It 's in Mr. Neelix 's DNA as well . is this what 's causing the mutations ? A good scientist never jumps to conclusions , Lieutenant , but I 'd say it 's a distinct possibility . I 'm having trouble getting a clear reading from this sample . It looks almost like the , um- - whatever it is- - could be slightly out of phase . That must be why my initial scans didn 't reveal it . I 'm compensating for the phase variance . You 're not going to believe this , but I 'm picking up an energy signature . This thing is transmitting some kind of a signal . - To where ? - l don 't know . It 's too weak to travel very far . Access the internal sensors and set them to a phase variance of . 15 . Right . Lieutenant . Your program is being deleted . How ? I don 't know . I 'm transferring you back to Sick Bay . B 'Elanna ... Science Lab to the Bridge . This is the Doctor . In the last hour , three more patients have come in with genetic mutations . The effects are starting to become life - threatening . What happened to B 'Elanna ? The alveoli in her lungs suddenly stopped processing oxygen . I 've got her on respiratory support . She almost died . What about the Doctor ? The computer logs in the Science Lab show that he was trying to transfer himself to Sick Bay . Something must have gone wrong while he was in transit . Could the Doctor 's program ... ? Seven of Nine , this is the Doctor . Can you hear me ? It 's me , the Doctor . I 've tapped into your audio implants so only you can hear me . It 's imperative that you tell no one . Make any excuse to get out of there and report to Holodeck 2 . I 'm hiding in the da Vinci simulation . I 'll explain everything when you get here . Seven was checking that . Seven ? Seven ? About the Doctor 's research . Yes. I examined their work area . There was no record of any findings . The electron resonance scanner appeared to be malfunctioning . I ... could return to the Science Lab and attempt to repair it . Keep me informed . Hold your head this way , Carlotta . I can only conclude that someone has implanted these microscopic tags in the DNA of the crew to cause genetic mutations . For what purpose ? I don 't know , and I get the feeling they don 't want us to find out . Explain . When Lieutenant Torres and I started making progress in our investigation , we were both incapacitated . Call me paranoid , but I don 't think that is a coincidence . If you 're correct , perhaps our actions are being monitored . That 's why I couldn 't risk contacting anyone over the com system . Our first course of action should be to collect more information . My thinking exactly . B 'Elanna wanted to adjust the ship 's internal sensors to a phase variance of . 15 . I 'd like to do the same to your Borg sensory nodes . Proceed . Computer , give me a type - 4 micro - inducer . Hmm . Now , take a look around , and tell me what you see . Do you see anything ... unusual ? Energy signatures ... or perhaps something that might be transmitting a signal ? No . That 's one room down , 256 to go . I suggest a deck - by - deck survey . If you need to contact me , use com frequency Epsilon 2 . I 've isolated it from the rest of the system . Understood . And be careful . Someone out there could be watching . Deck 5 . Computer , frequency Epsilon 2 . Doctor , the aliens are here on the ship . I can see them everywhere . This is worse than I imagined . You 've got to let the Captain know . Yes ? Yes ? Good morning , Captain . That 's a matter of opinion . What is it ? Internal scans haven 't revealed anything about the genetic mutations . The Doctor ? Still off - line . We are investigating the possibility ... lnform me of any progress . Understood . There 's one more thing . The incident with Tom and B 'Elanna started me thinking about ship 's protocol or lack thereof . Captain ? It seems to me that people have been getting a little too comfortable around here lately . They 're late for their duty shifts , taking Mess Hall privileges during non - designated hours and a lot of people are spending more time on the holodeck than they are at their posts . You are Security Chief . Don 't 13 department heads report to you every day ? Yes . Well , straighten them out . Shall I flog them as well ? Maybe the Doctor was right . I think I do need a vacation . You do seem unsettled . Crazed is more like it . I haven 't felt this anxious since my first day of command . Remind me to lower the volume on that door . Come in . Captain , I wish to speak with you ... What 's wrong ? My attempts to repair the resonance scanner have failed . I require assistance . Ask Ensign Kim to lend you a hand . Yes , Captain . is that all ? When this mutation crisis is over , I think I 'll spend a few days in Renaissance Tuscany . There 's a little inn outside Sienna I 've been wanting to try . I will join you for a glass of wine . How many ? I 've observed 56 of the aliens . There could be more . Have you seen any pattern to their behavior , any hint as to what they 're trying to accomplish ? They seem to be conducting experiments on the crew and monitoring the results . As if Voyager were one big petri dish . I may be among them . In the turbolift , one of them probed me with a medical instrument . We cannot allow them to continue . I 've been analyzing their energy signatures . I believe there 's a way to make them visible to everyone . How ? Using a precisely modulated phaser beam . If we expose them , the crew may be able to fight back . But what if the aliens retaliate by inflicting lethal mutations on everyone ? It 's too risky . What do you suggest ? The key to the aliens ' control is the genetic tags . I believe a neuroleptic shock would disable them . Unfortunately , it would be rather ... painful . Will the crew recover ? Yes , they will . The hard part will be administering the shock to everyone simultaneously . The power relays could be reconfigured to do it . Good. I assume you know how to do that ? You assume correctly . But I will have to bypass several safeguards . It will take time . Then you 'd better get started . Tuvok to Seven of Nine . Yes ? Why have you accessed the EPS relay system ? There is a malfunction . I 'm attempting to repair it . Perhaps you should leave that to the Engineering crew . Normally , I would . However , they are all occupied with other tasks . You are compromising the power safety protocols . Stop what you 're doing at once . I assure you , there is no cause for concern . Move away from the console . As I told you , I am conducting repairs . You are attempting to deceive me . Why ? I can 't explain what I 'm doing , but you must allow me to continue . Your actions could result in an energy discharge , which would be harmful to the crew . I realize that . Don 't move . If your people attempt to incapacitate me , I will kill you . I believe you . What do you intend to do now ? You will come with me to speak to the Captain . I am certain she will have questions for you . Keep on trying to disable the tags . Let me know when you 're ready . Understood . I 'll attempt to modify the internal sensors to detect the aliens . Good . Keep me informed . Who are you ? And what the hell are you doing to my crew ? My team has been observing you and conducting tests . Tests ? I 'd call them mutilations . I can understand why you 're angry . I don 't like causing people to suffer , but sometimes it 's a necessary part of my work . What kind of work is that ? Medical research . We 're scientists , like you . From where l stand , you 're a hostile invasion force . I want to know how long you 've been here and exactly what you 've been doing to us . I can 't answer those questions . It 's a breach of protocol for me to be speaking to you at all . Oh , how convenient . That way you never have to face your victims . Captain , please . You 're exaggerating the situation . Our techniques are as benign as we can make them . What I have been through for the last few days certainly hasn 't felt benign ! Please understand that there 's a purpose to our actions . The data we gather from you may help us cure physical and psychological disorders that afflict millions . Isn 't that worth some discomfort ? I 'm sure you 'd see things differently if your people were the ones being subjected to these experiments . Just as your perspective would change if your people were the ones to live longer and healthier lives as a result . Don 't forget , we 've been observing you , Captain . I know the most important thing to you is the welfare of your crew . You 'd even kill to protect them . If necessary . Of course you would . You take care of your own , just as we do . We 're really more similar than you care to admit . That 's where you 're wrong . What you 're doing isn 't self - defense . It 's the exploitation of another species for your own benefit . My people decided a long time ago that that was unacceptable , even in the name of scientific progress . You 're a remarkably strong - willed individual . I 've been very impressed by your self - control over the past several weeks . We 've been increasing your dopamine levels , stimulating various aggressive impulses to test your behavioral restraints . There 's been a great difference of opinion about how much more strain you can bear . Not much . I had hoped you might be more cooperative once you realized the importance of our work . Sorry . These lab rats are fighting back . I 'm afraid that will be pointless . We 're monitoring your attempts to break our control over you . You won 't succeed . Well , you may find that you 've underestimated us . Consider what 's in the best interests of your crew . We will be continuing our research . If you make no further attempts to interfere , I assure you lf you make no further attempts to interfere , I assure you that the fatality rate will be minimal , though there may be some deformities . And I would be willing to share our final data with you . You can 't possibly expect me to accept that . If you don 't , then the entire experiment , and its subjects will be terminated . Are you telling me there is no way to disable the tags ? My attempts to use the EPS relays to induce neuroleptic shock have failed . The aliens may be responsible . I 've encountered similar difficulties in my efforts to modify the internal sensors . They appear to have gained access to our key systems . They can 't be everywhere all the time . We have got to find an advantage . We 'd better find one soon . Sick Bay is being filled with new patients with increasingly severe symptoms . We have the ability to make them visible . If we could modify enough sensors , we could resist them . They are still capable of manipulating our DNA . A direct conflict would be inadvisable . Bridge to Doctor . Medical emergency ! She 's in hypertensive shock . 20 milligrams lectrazine . Her blood pressure is 360 / 125 . How is that possible ? Severe adrenal stress . No effect . Her arterial pathways are rupturing . She 's in cardiac arrest . We 're losing her . Captain , I 'm afraid that won 't help . There 's too much internal bleeding . Then try something else . We 'll transport her to Sick Bay . Her entire circulatory system has collapsed . There 's no way to repair that kind of damage . Brain death has occurred . I 'm sorry . There was nothing more we could have done . This ends right now . You 're relieved . Captain , what are you doing ? I 'm running a little experiment of my own . Red Alert ! Captain , one of the aliens has just entered the Bridge . Understood . We 're less than a million kilometers from the pulsars . We must change course immediately to avoid being caught in their gravity . No ! Keep going . This is a far more reckless course of action than I 've come to expect from you , Captain . It certainly is . Hull stress is at 30 teradynes and rising . I 'm transferring more power to the structural integrity field , but I don 't know how long it can hold . What do you hope to accomplish by this ? Flying into a binary pulsar ? It seems like I 'm trying to crush this ship like a tin can . It 's more likely that you 're trying to intimidate us . You 're welcome to stick around and find out . Hull stress is at 45 teradynes . Our course is locked in . Only my authorization can release it . You 're not behaving very rationally . That 's what you were trying to accomplish , wasn 't it ? Hmm ? Pumping up my dopamine levels to push me to the edge ? Keeping me awake for four days straight with the constant pain of your devices drilling into my skull ? Well , this is the culmination of your work , and guess what ? You 're going to be right here to collect the final data . Shields have failed . Structural integrity is down to 20 percent . Enter the authorization code and change course immediately ! I don 't think you realize that you are not in control here anymore . I can kill you and your crew in an instant . Go ahead . Without us , you won 't be able to prevent this ship from being torn apart by the pulsars . And even with my crew working together , I 'd say the odds of us getting through this are what ? One in ten ? One in 20 , at best , Captain . I 'm willing to take that chance . Are you ? Outer hull temperature has reached 9 , 000 degrees . The hull is beginning to buckle ! Two alien vessels are attempting to disengage from Voyager . I can 't break us free of the gravitational forces ! Then let 's divert all power to the shields ! No. lf we go in , we go in full throttle . Captain ? Assuming we survive , we 're going to need all the momentum we can get to reach escape velocity on the other side . Everyone , hang on . I hope you were exaggerating about those odds , Tuvok . I was not . Hull stress has exceeded maximum tolerance ! There are breaches on Decks 4 , 7 , 8 and 12 . Emergency force fields are holding . I 've lost helm control ! Main power is off - line ! Well , let 's hope we 've got enough speed . I don 't believe it . We 're alive . I never realized you thought of me as " reckless , " Tuvok . A poor choice of words . It was clearly an understatement . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51244 . 3 . With the aliens gone , the Doctor has been able to remove their devices from the crew and neutralize the genetic tags . It was nice you could get the night off . " Nice " had nothing to do with it . I switched shifts with Ensign Wildman , which means tomorrow I 'll pull a double - duty on the Bridge and with the Doc . Well , I appreciate the sacrifice . Tell me about the wine . Ah , Ktarian merlot , 2282 . You might want to let it breathe first . We 've got all night to let it breathe . Engineering to Lieutenant Torres . Torres here . We are having a problem with the plasma manifold . I thought you 'd want to take a look . I don 't . Lock it down for now . I 'll deal with it in the morning . Torres out . Sometimes it 's nice to be the Chief Engineer . Try the salad , Chief . Hmm . This is really delicious . Well , thanks . I replicated it myself . Mm , you 're too good for me . Ignore it . Right . I 'll get rid of them . Oh , hi . Uh , sorry to interrupt . Hi , B 'Elanna . Harry , I 'm not home . I - l just wanted to return this . Thanks . Smells good . That 's it . No more interruptions . You know , I 've been thinking about what the Captain said . Thinking maybe she was right ? Me , too . We have been ... a little out of control lately . Do you think we really were ? What ? Out of control ? Those aliens could have just been messing around with our hormones just to see what would happen . You 're right . They could have . And we don 't know how long they were on board . They could have been tampering with us for months . Well , when you think about it , you did have a pretty abrupt change of heart a couple of weeks ago . What made you realize that you loved me all of a sudden ? Just a feeling . So , our whole relationship might be based on some ... alien experiment . You never know . Well , I think that explains it . I guess we should just ... call it off , then . I think so . Thank God we found out in time . Thank God . I don 't know about you , but ... I 'm curious to see how this experiment turns out .
