 Cold , patronizing , arrogant ... I know she can be difficult . " Difficult " ? She 's impossible . I 'm getting tired of playing referee every time you two have a disagreement . If you have a problem , talk to her yourself . Does the word " irrelevant " mean anything to you ? She won 't listen . She may look human , she may sound human , but she 's all Borg . Part of the problem is your attitude . You 've never tried to accept Seven as part of the crew . And with good reason . Guess what she did this morning . She took an isolinear processor out of Engineering without asking , and when I went to Astrometrics to get it back , she had locked the door- - like that lab is her own private domain . What do you want me to do ? Throw her in the brig for the rest of the trip home ? I 've heard worse ideas . Seven of Nine to Chakotay . Chakotay here . Report to the Astrometrics Lab at once . On my way . Did you hear that ? She 's giving orders now . I 'm telling you , Chakotay , if she gets in my way again , I am not responsible for what happens . You 're a senior officer on this ship . Act like one . Find a way to deal with her . Astrometrics ? I 've been summoned . Any guesses what this is about ? None . Your call sounded urgent . It was . I 've been working to increase the range of the astrometric sensors and I 've detected something that you should find of particular interest . A ship . What 's special about it ? I 've analyzed the warp signature . It 's a Starfleet vessel . The ship we 're seeing is in the Alpha Quadrant . You couldn 't have extended the astrometric sensors that far . No , but I increased the range far enough to detect a large network of relay stations . They are alien in origin , abandoned , but still functioning . By establishing a sensor link with the nearest station , I 'm getting readings from the entire network . The Starfleet ship is within range of one of the farthest sensors near the outer edges of the Alpha Quadrant . It must be on a deep - space mission . I 've extrapolated its course . It doesn 't look like we 'll be able to keep track of it very long . The ship should move out of range in 41 minutes . Can we use the network to transmit a message ? Yes , but we 'll have to remodulate our signal to match the network 's interlink frequency . We don 't have much time . Get it done , Chakotay . Seven of Nine to Ensign Kim . Kim here . I 'm sending you the interlink frequencies . Got it . Seven , how much longer do we have ? 16 minutes . That should do it . The sub - space transceiver is at 200 percent output and on line . We 're ready . Open a channel . Open . Starfleet vessel ... this is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager . We are in the Delta Quadrant at coordinates 18 mark 205 mark 47 . Remodulate your signal to match our interlink frequency . We 're receiving a transmission . Let 's hear it . .. Starship Voyager . We are in the at coordinates 18 ... Bridge to Seven . What went wrong ? I don 't understand . My readings show that the station picked up our message and relayed it across the entire network . We should try widening the subspace bandwidth and sending the message again . Do it . Transmitting . The signal is being relayed . No sign of interference . Wait. lt 's being deflected back again . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager . ... the Delta Quadrant at coord ... I have a possible explanation , Captain . As our carrier wave moves along the network , it may be degrading . Can we try a different kind of signal ? Something stronger ? A holographic datastream might work . It wouldn 't degrade so quickly . It would take too long to reconfigure the message . - Unless ... - The Doctor . Exactly . Bring him to Astrometrics and I 'll meet you there . We don 't have much time . Doctor . You have to come with me . Quickly . Would you mind at least telling me what all this is abou ... ? When I requested more away missions , this isn 't exactly what I had in mind . You may be our only chance to communicate with that ship . When you get there , you 'll be downloaded into their EMH system . I 'm sending an initiation code along with your program so you 'll be activated immediately . We have less than 90 seconds before that ship moves out of range . How am I supposed to get back here ? When you 've completed your mission , instruct them to move within range of the sensor network . With any luck , they 'll be able to send you back the same way you came . " Luck " ? I won 't lie to you , Doctor . A lot of things could go wrong . We 're relying on an alien technology to send you across thousands of light - years . So there 's a chance my program could be lost . Yes. I 'm asking you to take that chance . 35 seconds . Doctor ? Far be it from me to turn down an opportunity to become a hero . I 'm ready . Torres to Bridge . Standing by . I 'm downloading him into the transceiver array . Ten seconds . Good luck , Doctor . There 's that word again . Hello ? is anyone here ? Computer , identify this ship . This is the Federation Starship Prometheus . Are we in the Alpha Quadrant ? Affirmative . Huh . Sick Bay to Bridge . All right , this is Sick Bay calling any crew member . Please respond . Computer , is the com system malfunctioning ? Negative . Then why can 't I reach anyone ? Access to the communications system has been restricted . Restricted ? But this is important . Isn 't there some sort of emergency com channel availa ... ? Try to lie still . You have severe phaser burns . What happened here ? Romulans . They 've taken over the ship . Commander , there 's a vessel approaching on an intercept course . It 's Starfleet . I told you to mask our warp trail . I 've been trying . These new systems are unfamiliar . We should have left some of the crew alive . You 'd be surprised how stubborn humans can be . The Starfleet ship is closing . Raise shields and prepare to fire phasers . Computer , how many Romulans are on board ? Twenty - seven . Are there any Starfleet crew members ? None alive . Computer , display the design schematic of this ship and list general specifications . USS Prometheus- - experimental prototype designed for deep - space tactical assignments . Primary battle systems include regenerative shielding , ablative hull armor , multivector assault mode . Multivector assault mode ? Describe . Access to tactical data requires level - 4 clearance . What can you show me at my clearance level ? Shields are holding . Engage the multivector assault mode . That system has never been tested . Then we 'll test it now . I gave you an order , and I expect you to follow it . Multivector assault mode now . Yes , Commander . lnitiating decoupling sequence . Auto - separation in ten seconds . Nine , eight , seven ... Computer , what 's happening ? six , five ... Computer ? four , three ... two , one . Separation sequence in progress . We 're in attack formation . Each section is armed and responding to our command . Attack pattern beta - four - seven . Specify target . The Starfleet vessel , bearing 162 mark 7 . Pattern and target confirmed . I think we should consider that a successful test . Begin the reintegration sequence . Then get me a full damage report . Yes , Commander . He 's hurt . Take him to the medical bay . Reintegration sequence complete . Computer , is there any way for me to gain access to the communication system to send a message to another ship ? Negative . Communications access requires level - 4 clearance or above . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Who activated you ? You did . Automatically , when you entered Sick Bay . Can you treat him ? Of course . That 's my function . Third - degree burns , hairline jaw fracture and a ruptured blood vessel in his brain . I 'll have to operate . You 're a Starfleet program . Why should I trust you ? I 'm a doctor . Whether my patient is human or Romulan , I 'll do everything in my power to save him . You 're welcome to assist me if you 'd like . Or maybe you 'd just prefer to supervise . Report to me when you 're finished . Mm - hmm . Computer , can I access this ship 's EMH program or do I need some kind of clearance for that , too ? Access to that program is unrestricted . Activate it . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . What the hell are you doing in my Sick Bay ? I 've been programmed to identify every member of this crew . You aren 't one of them . That 's because I 'm ... State your rank and security clearance . I don 't have clearance . I 'm an Emergency Medical Hologram . I 've been sent here to ... Yes , yes , yes , yes . You 're the Mark - 1 EMH- - the inferior program . inferior ? Beady eyes , terrible bedside manner- - l recognize you . But you 're not part of this database . What are you doing here ? If you disengage your vocal subroutines for one second , I 'd explain . I was transmitted onto this ship by a Starfleet vessel over 60 , 000 light - years from here . 60 , 000 light - years ? We don 't have ships that far out . It 's the Starship Voyager . We were taken into the Delta Quadrant four years ago by an alien force ... What are you doing ? Activating intruder alert . That 's the last thing you want to do . Security ... Listen to me ! This vessel has been taken over by Romulans . The crew is dead . You and I are the only Starfleet officers on board . Do you understand ? Computer , deactivate EMH . Computer , activate EMH . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Now what ? I need your help ! Starfleet Security Protocol 28 , Subsection D : " ln the event of hostile alien takeover , the EMH is to deactivate and wait for rescue . " I 'm afraid you don 't have that luxury . There are two ships at stake here- - yours and mine . Now , I need to know more about what 's happening . is the Federation at war with the Romulans ? No . The Romulans haven 't gotten involved in our fight with the Dominion . The who ? Long story . In any case , we need to take control of this situation . I 'm a doctor , not a commando . It 's time you became a little of both . You don 't understand . The Prometheus is an experimental prototype , and so am I . I ... I ... I haven 't even been field - tested yet . I 'm not designed for this kind of duty . Try to calm down . You 'll do fine as long as I 'm here . I have plenty of expertise in this area . Now , first things first . We 've got a patient . You treat his burns . I 'll repair the bone fracture . You 're not serious . I certainly am . He 's the enemy . He needs our help . I assume you 're familiar with the Hippocratic Oath ? You see ? You see what 's happening . The Romulans are using you . - Hmm . - Hmm , what ? Your holo - matrix is unstable . It may explain your erratic behavior . I told you , I 'm a work in progress . I was only installed six weeks ago . Stable or not , I need you , and so does he . He 'll live . I say we leave him and deactivate ourselves . No ! You 're free to do as you please . Go cower inside the data processor if you 'd like . I 'll work alone . We 're medical holograms . What can we expect to do against a ship full of Romulans ? I 'm not sure . Not yet . But I 've faced my share of challenges- - alien invasions , macroviral infestations . I 've crossed Borg space , traveled through time . Have you run a self - diagnostic lately ? The EMH - 1 is designed to function in Sick Bay only . Voyager lost its Chief Medical Officer four years ago . I 've been active ever since . Four years ? No wonder you 're delusional . Your program 's degrading after being active for so long . I assure you I am in perfect health . I was saving Voyager from annihilation when you were only a gleam in your programmer 's eye . Now are you going to help me take back this ship or not ? Get me the thrombic modulator . Hmm ? It 's the cone - shaped device . Hand it to me , please . Medical science has made a few advances while you 've been off in the ... Delta Quadrant , did you say ? That 's right . We don 't use scalpels or leeches anymore . I suggest you let me handle the medical side of things . As for retaking the ship , I 'll leave that in your experienced hands . No word . Our link to the sensor net is stable . Seven of Nine is standing watch in Astrometrics . I tried to relieve her , but she doesn 't want to leave her post . She says she doesn 't need to regenerate for the next few days . What are you doing ? Letters home . I started them a year ago . One to my family ... one to Mark . I 'm making a few updates just in case . I know . It 's premature . You 're right . It 's probably a mistake for us to get our hopes up at all . We 've been through this before . All right , I 'll admit it . I just finished a letter to my cousin in Ohio . The Doctor is in . Lieutenant , thank God you 're here . What seems to be the trouble ? Well , one minute , they were eating lunch , and the next , they started perspiring and complaining of chest pain . Hmm , no wonder . Acute functional dyspepsia . What 's that ? Heartburn . Oh , I 'm terribly sorry . I don 't know how this could have happened . I 'll replicate some antacid . We 'll have you feeling better in no time . They 're going to be all right , aren 't they ? It 's heartburn , Neelix , not the Terrellian plague . What did you feed them anyway ? " Rodeo Red 's Red Hot , Rootin ' Tootin ' Chili . " Where did you find that recipe ? I 've been brushing up on classic American cuisine . When we get back to Earth , I want to make sure I have marketable job skills . Don 't you think you 're jumping the gun a little bit ? The Doctor is going to make it back and he 's going to bring a plan for Starfleet to rescue us . I have complete confidence in him . I hope you 're right . If not , I 'm going to spend the rest of this trip treating upset stomachs . Oh , believe me , this is never going to happen again . It 's just a matter of perfecting the recipe . Next time , I 'll use a few less chilapenos . I 've accessed the navigational logs . We 're at warp 9 . 9 . Heading straight for Romulan space . This vessel was designed to go faster than anything in the fleet , so we 'll never be rescued . We 've got to find a way to turn this ship around . How ? Waltz onto the Bridge and take over the helm ? Refresh my memory . Which of us has the terrible bedside manner ? You 're not my patient . My first bit of good news . We have to incapacitate the Romulans somehow . What kind of anesthetics do you have handy ? Only the best . Axonol , neurozine , anesthezine . Neurozine will do nicely . It can be distributed in gaseous form . Show me a schematic of the ship 's ventilation system . Please . All primary systems have been rerouted to the Bridge , including environmental control . It looks like there are holo - emitters on every deck . There are . Unlike you , I 'm not condemned to a Sick Bay . Get three canisters of neurozine . As a matter of record , I have free rein on Voyager and I can even leave the ship as well . Leave your ship ? How ? My mobile emitter- - a little piece of 29th - century technology we obtained . Really ? I 'm as close to a sentient life - form as any hologram could hope to be . I socialize with the crew , fraternize with aliens . I 've even had sexual relations . Sex ? How 's that possible ? We 're not equipped ... Let 's just say I made an addition to my program . Before you leave , maybe you could download those subroutines into my database . We 'll see . It looks like the only place I can access environmental control is from the Ops console on the Bridge . The Bridge is swarming with Romulans . That 's the first thing you learn in the real world- - think on your feet . Well , good luck then . Computer , deactivate ... Not so fast . You 're going to Jefferies Tube 17 . The moment I unlock the controls , you release the gas into the ventilation system . Jefferies Tube 17 ? That 's five decks up . What if I run into Romulans ? Improvise . Your journey begins here . Traditionally , one crawls in headfirst . Thanks . There you are , Doctor . Have you completed the surgery ? Yes . Your friend is recovering nicely . However , I found something disturbing in his blood work . It seems he 's been exposed to a nasty strain of the Torothka virus , and if he was , you may all have been . I 've come to run some scans . No one here is sick . Not yet . I understand the stomach cramps are unbearable , although some say the rash is worse . Conduct your scans . How far are we from our border ? At our present velocity , 40 minutes . Alter our heading to 1 18 mark 26 . That will take us off our course to Romulus . There 's been a change of plans . We 're giving this ship to someone who will make use of its full potential- - the Tal Shiar . I 've made arrangements to rendezvous with their fleet within the hour . But , Commander , they 're expecting us ... You have your orders . What are you doing ? I 'm checking the biofilters for evidence of the virus . You haven 't taken any readings at all . Hmm . Next time ... order the chicken salad . Oh ! Am I glad to see you . What 's the emergency ? Take a look around you , Harry . What do you see ? Sick Bay ? Exactly . So ? So , it 's not the helm of a starship , is it ? Did you accidentally inject yourself with some kind of psychotropic agent ? I am a pilot , Harry , not a doctor . This is a temporary assignment- - just till the Doc gets back . What if he doesn 't get back ? He 'll be back . I need your help , Harry . Rescue me from medical exile . How ? You 're an expert in holo - technology . You have got to design a new Doctor . You really are delirious . It took the greatest holo - engineers in Starfleet years to develop the EMH . I can 't just design a new Doctor . Think of it as a challenge , Harry- - a chance to make history and save your best friend all at the same time . Lieutenant Torres . You are recalibrating the relay interface . That 's right . State your reasons for making these modifications . " State your reasons , please . " It 's not what you say , Seven . It 's how you say it . I don 't understand . You may have noticed that some of the crew seem a bit ... on edge when you 're around . I was Borg . I elicit apprehension . No , that 's not what I mean . We 're not afraid that you 're going to assimilate us . We 're just not used to ... You just ... You 're rude . I am rude . Yes . Yes . You order people around ; you do things without permission ; and whether you realize it or not , you come off as a little insulting . You don 't even say " please " or " thank you . " Look , I don 't expect you to change overnight , but try to remember that we are not just a bunch of drones . Your attempt to recalibrate the interface is ill - advised . The risk of disrupting our link is too great . In your opinion . That is exactly what I 'm talking about . You haven 't even been listening to me . I don 't know why I try to talk to you if you don 't even ... Are we losing the link ? No . We 're receiving a transmission from the relay station . The Doctor ? What are you ? I 'm Lieutenant Torres of the Starship Voyager . You are using our technology . You mean the sensor network ? We thought that it was abandoned . It belongs to the Hirogen . Terminate your link . No , no , wait , please . We just ... The link has been severed . What else have you done to this ship ? I will deactivate you unless you start answering my questions . If I answer them , you 'll very likely deactivate me anyway , so I fail to see the point . You are nothing but a computer - generated projection . I find it hard to believe you 're capable of taking these actions independently . How flattering . Tell me who is operating your program . is it someone on this ship ? A Starfleet crew member we missed or one of my own men ? Paranoia is a way of life for you , isn 't it ? The computer log shows the ship received an optronic datastream transmission approximately six hours ago . It contained a holographic subroutine . Who sent it ? Unknown . The data pattern had a Starfleet signature . So , Starfleet has managed to sneak a holographic operative aboard . Very clever . Were you only sent to spy on us or does your mission include sabotage ? The datastream you detected came from an alien sensor network . It transferred me from a Starfleet ship in the Delta Quadrant . The Delta Quadrant ? That 's absurd . This is pointless . I couldn 't agree more . Maybe there 's a better way to retrieve information from a hologram . I suggest a complete algorithm extraction . We can analyze his subroutines one by one . Proceed . Isn 't there some kind of convention regarding the treatment of prisoners ? Did it work ? Sorry to interrupt . Did you anesthetize the entire ship ? I did , I did . How did you manage to release the neurozine ? I never opened the ventilation system . Trapped in the Jefferies tube , alone , nowhere to run , his smug comrade captured by Romulans , EMH - 2 had to improvise . Inspiration . He accessed the main computer and simulated a shipwide biohazard , making the computer think there was a microbiotic contamination on all decks . And the ventilation system opened automatically . Presto . He then crawled back out of the tube , accessed the holo - emitters , transferred here , excused the Romulan , saw the dumbfounded look on his comrade 's face ... The end . You know , you really should keep a personal log . Why bore others needlessly ? We have to get to the Bridge . This ship needs a crew , and we 're it . Oh ... trouble . The Prometheus is a prototype- - top secret . Only four people in all of Starfleet were trained to operate it . I hope your myriad adventures included piloting lessons because there 's nothing in my program that will help us fly this thing . I 've had my share of piloting experience . Actually ... only two lessons and they were in a shuttlecraft ... on the holodeck , but I showed great intuition . Where 's the helm ? You 'd better intuit it fast . We 're only about eight minutes from the Romulan border . Ah , there it is . This is all very ... complicated . Stop breathing down my neck . My breathing is merely a simulation . So is my neck . Stop it anyway . is this a thruster control ? Don 't touch that . We don 't know what it does . It could be the self - destruct . You look worried . I 'm just ... concentrating . You don 't know what you 're doing , do you ? This is not a shuttle and we are not on a holodeck . Shh ... Mr. " l can leave my ship . " The voice of experience . Let me think . Ah , here it is . This looks like the nacelle power control . So ? So ? There 's a little trick I saw Mr. Paris do once . If I can generate a slight overload to the nacelle coils , it 'll collapse the warp field . What happened ? I did it . We 've stopped . Ah ... all we have to do now is find a way to send Starfleet a distress signal and ... Beep - beep - beep . Beep - beep - beep ? I 've never heard that one before . Oh , no . What ? I 'm not sure , but I think whatever I did initiated a warp core overload . You mean the ship 's going to explode ? You 've got to stop it . Ah ... no problem . What now ? Unless I 'm mistaken , and for once , I sincerely hope I am , there are three Romulan warbirds on an intercept course . We 're boosting the signal gain as high as it 'll go . I think we can cut through the alien 's jamming signal . I warned you . I apologize for our intrusion . Allow me to explain . No explanations . Your relay network gave us the unique opportunity to communicate with our people . They are very far away and we 're expecting a message back from them . All messages will be intercepted . He 's trying to jam the link again . There must be some room for negotiation . Isn 't there anything you might accept in exchange for ... ? What happened ? I generated a feedback surge along our sensor link . You killed him ? It was a mild shock . He will recover . And when he does ? He wasn 't responding to diplomacy . is the sensor link stable ? Yes , Captain . Keep watching for the Doctor . Let me know if our friend gives us any more trouble . " Mild shock . " Not bad . Thank you . There. I finished inputting the Doctor 's physical characteristics . Let 's have a look . Computer , activate the Emergency Medical Hologram Replacement Program . Do you think we should give him a little more hair ? What do you say we try to get him working first , then we can worry about personal grooming . Right . You 're the boss . What do we do next ? I 've downloaded the ship 's entire medical library and compressed it into a single data file . It 's got all the classics- - from Gray 's Anatomy to Leonard McCoy 's Comparative Alien Physiology . And once we transfer all the data into stone face 's matrix , we 'll have ourselves a brand - new medical expert . That 's what I 'm hoping . Harry , you are a genius . Don 't congratulate me yet . This is only the first step . Yeah , but it 's a step in the right direction . I 'm telling you , this probably isn 't going to work . What happened to all that youthful optimism ? Being a Doctor is a lot more than knowing the facts . We still have to create analytical subroutines to help him diagnose patients , tactile protocols , so he can perform surgery , not to mention a personality profile . Oh , you know , I 've been thinking about that . Maybe we should make this one a little more ... pleasant than the old Doc . All right. I 'm ready to transfer the data . Computer , transfer medical library master file to Emergency Medical Replacement Hologram . Transfer complete . Chapter one : The Animal Cell . " All the tissues of the body " originate from a microscopic structure , the fertilized ovum , " which consists of a soft , jelly - like material enclosed in a membrane and containing a ... " What 's he doing ? " ... or small spherical body inside ... " I think he 's reciting Gray 's Anatomy . " This may be regarded as a complete cell . " Can you stop him ? I 'm trying . " ... in nature , but differing in external form . " Paragraph . Listen , this is all very fascinating ... " ln the higher organisms ... but would you please be quiet for a minute ? He doesn 't have speech recognition protocols yet . Well , give him some , would you ? " ... similar to that found in the ovum and usually called cytoplasm ... " What 's happening ? It 's an overload . His matrix can 't accommodate all the data . " Contain no nuclei ... " What are you doing ? I 'm downloading Gray 's Anatomy chapter by chapter . I thought you said it was too much data for his holo - matrix to handle . It 's not for the EMH . It 's for you . The Romulan vessels are closing in . Two minutes to intercept . Get us out of here ! I can 't get this ship moving . Try rerouting power to the impulse engines . Reroute power , reroute power . Here we go . I think I found the relay controls . Hey , I 'm finally getting the hang of this . What 's happening ? Sorry. I must have transferred power from the holo - emitters . Well , be more careful . If I 'm deactivated , this ship will never get back to Starfleet . Okay , I 'm taking power from life support . We don 't need that . Try engines now . Nothing . Why isn 't this working ? 30 seconds to intercept . They 're right on top of us . Hold it . I see the problem . The thrust initiator is off - line . - Stand by . - 15 seconds . They 're charging weapons ! See if you can access the shields . I said ... I said shields ... Already done . Shields up . This is the Warbird T 'Met calling the Prometheus . Commander Rekar ... respond . Commander . This is the Prometheus . Activate your viewscreen . Our viewscreen is not operational . We 've had some trouble with Starfleet commandos . Where 's Rekar ? In the medical bay . He suffered minor injuries . Identify yourself . You first . You first . Repeat your last statement . I don 't understand . State your identity . This is Sub - Commander Almar . Lower your shields and prepare to be boarded . They 're already down . Maybe there 's something wrong with your sensor readings . You 'd better not try to transport until we can be sure it 's safe . Lower your shields immediately , or I 'll open fire . lmmediately ? Yes . Prometheus out . Direct hit . Shields down to 20 percent . Three more ships are approaching . We 're doomed . No . They 're Starfleet . What are they doing ? Firing on us . They must think Romulans are on board . They 're right ! Prometheus to any Starfleet vessel . Respond . Prometheus ... lt 's no use . They can 't hear us . The Romulans have scrambled the com frequencies . Doctor , some ... thing just went off - line . Specifically ? The secondary gyrodyne relays in the propulsion field inter - matrix have depolarized . In English . I 'm just reading what it says here . I 'll try to stabilize the ship . Transfer auxiliary power to the maneuvering thrusters . Transferring auxiliary power now . Good work , Mark - 2 . Thanks . You 'd better get to tactical . We 're going to have to defend ourselves . Tactical . Right . What are you waiting for ? Shoot . Shoot ! There are so many controls . Find the one that says " fire " and push it ! It 's not working . It says here the phasers are off - line . Well , then fire a torpedo . You hit the wrong ship . It wasn 't my fault . Well , then , whose fault was it , the torpedo 's ? You 're supposed to tell it what to do . Navigational control is off - line . Everything is off - line- - weapons , shields ... lt gets worse . There are two warbirds coming right at us . My brilliant existence cut short ... No time to explore the universe ... no time to smell the roses ... no time for ... sex . lnitiating decoupling sequence . What 's that ? What have I done now ? Auto - separation in ten seconds . Auto - separation ? I think the Romulans did this before . How do we turn it off ? I don 't think we can . ... Five , four , three , two ... lf l recall correctly , this next part gets a little bumpy . Separation sequence in progress . Hold on . Specify attack pattern . Attack pattern ... alpha ? Specify target . - Romulans ! - Romulans ! Bull 's - eye ! The warbirds are in retreat . Doctor , we 've done it ! Two holograms alone ... Romulans on one side , Starfleet on the other- - alarms beeping everywhere . EMH - 2- - newborn but filled with courage . EMH - 1- - armed with years of experience . Together , they emerged triumphant . The end . Or not . Welcome to the Prometheus , gentlemen . It 's about time . I 'm receiving a transmission through the sensor network . Origin ... the Alpha Quadrant . Does it contain a holographic subroutine ? Yes . Transfer it to Sick Bay . Torres to Bridge . Captain , I think he 's back . Doctor ... report . I ... I did it . You completed the mission ? Yes . Once the Romulans were out of the way . Romulans ? They 'd taken over the Prometheus- - the ship I was on . But I managed to turn the tables on them with a little help from a fellow EMH . You got through to Starfleet ? I spoke directly with Headquarters . Apparently , Voyager was declared officially lost 14 months ago . I set the record straight . I told them everything that 's happened to this crew . They said they would contact your families to tell them the news and promised that they won 't stop until they 've found a way to get Voyager back home . And they asked me to relay a message . They wanted you to know ... you 're no longer alone . 60 , 000 light - years seems a little closer today .
