 0600 hours . Regeneration cycle complete . Daily Log , Seven of Nine , Stardate 15781 . 2 . Today Ensign Kim and I will conduct a comprehensive diagnostic of the aft sensor array . I have allocated three hours , 20 minutes for the task and an additional 17 minutes for Ensign Kim 's usual conversational digressions . I am scheduled to take a nutritional supplement at 1500 hours , engage in one hour of cardiovascular activity , then I intend to review a text the Doctor recommended entitled A Christmas Carol . He believes it will have educational value . End log . I 'll get this . Don 't give me any hints . I have no intention of doing so . Ensign . Hi , Seven . Are you ready to begin our sensor diagnostic ? is it 0600 already ? We 've been playing all night . Vulcan kai - toh . For a game of logic , you 'd be surprised at how addictive it is . Give me a few more minutes to figure this out . You should attend to your duties , Ensign . I 'll accept your forfeit . No way . This is the closest I 've ever come to beating you and I 'm not giving up now . Ahh ... impressive . Elementary spatial harmonics . Are you ready now ? Yeah . Sure . I would have gotten that . is there anything you don 't know ? I was Borg . " l was Borg . " That 's what you always say . But what does it mean ? You have the knowledge of 10 , 000 species in your head ? Not exactly . Each drone 's experiences are processed by the collective . Only useful information is retained . Still , that probably makes you the most intelligent human being alive . Probably . So what do you need the rest of us for ? Forget I asked . What was that ? We just dropped out of warp . What 's the problem ? We were hit by some kind of shock wave . Source ? Checking . Hold on . I just lost all my sensor readings . The computer is bringing up some kind of message , but I can 't access it . You better take a look at this . I can see it . What is it ? I have no idea . My command codes aren 't working . The computer says I have insufficient clearance to access the message . We can 't function like this . I 'm going to get Harry up here to trace the source . Don 't do anything . I 'll take care of this . Send all sensor data about the particle wave to my ready room . Tom , disengage engines and hold position here . Captain ... what 's going on ? I can 't explain right now . Don 't discuss any of this with the rest of the crew . I 'll have further instructions for you soon . Computer , seal the doors to this room . No entry without my authorization . Doors are sealed . Access secured data file : Omega one . Voiceprint confirmed . State clearance code . Janeway - one - one - five - three - red , clearance level 10 . Confirmed . Sensors have detected the Omega phenomenon within 1 . 2 light - years of this vessel . lmplement the Omega Directive immediately . All other priorities have been rescinded . Display sensor data . I 've been informed this is a highly classified mission . Information will be provided on a need - to - know basis- - Captain 's orders . Classified ? By who ? We 're 60 , 000 light - years from Starfleet . Like I said , need - to - know . B 'Elanna , she wants you to install multiphasic shielding around the warp core . I 've never seen this shield configuration . I 'd like to run a couple of computer simulations - to make sure it 's stable . - No time . She needs this done by 1 100 hours . 1 100 ? I don 't think that 's possible . Make it possible . Are we attempting to protect the core from some form of subspace radiation ? I don 't know any more than you do . It will be difficult to complete the task , without more data . The data you 've got will have to do . Tom , start modifying a shuttlecraft to withstand extreme thermal stress- - 12 , 000 Kelvins at least . Aye , sir . Does all this have anything to do with that secret message that the Captain received ? What have you heard ? Rumors , mostly . Janeway 's been locked in her ready room for the last 16 hours ... something about an Omega Directive . Omega ? Ring a bell ? Look , the speculation ends right here . Now , I expect you to carry out your assignments with a minimum of gossip , understood ? I know it 's hard not to wonder . Frankly , I 'm curious myself , but the Captain was very adamant about this . Get going . The Captain wants to see you . I thought she might . Come in . What do you know about the Omega Directive ? Everything you do , most likely . I thought as much . The Borg assimilated Starfleet Captains . You would possess all of their knowledge . That 's correct . Do you intend to carry out the Directive ? Yes . Then sensors have detected the molecule . So it would appear , but we have to confirm it . " We " ? You 're going to help me carry out the Directive . Protocol forbids me from discussing this mission with any of my crew , but since you already know about it , my choice is to either work with you or ... confine you to quarters . Perhaps you should do the latter . I will not help you destroy Omega . It should be harnessed . That 's impossible . The Borg believe otherwise . Explain . On one occasion , we were able to create a single Omega molecule . We kept it stable for one - trillionth of a nanosecond before it destabilized . We didn 't have enough boronite ore left to synthesize more , but the knowledge we gained allowed us to ... refine our theories . The Borg have been waiting for the chance to test them out . Yes . But we never found another source of the ore ... until now . Sorry ... but if someone out there is experimenting with Omega , I 'm under orders to stop them . Otherwise , this entire Quadrant would be at risk . Those orders are the result of Starfleet 's ignorance and fear . I can alleviate your ignorance . As for your fear ... Sometimes fear should be respected , Seven . Tell me ... how many Borg were sacrificed during this experiment ? 29 vessels , 600 , 000 drones , but that is irrelevant . Not to me , not to my crew , and not to the people who live in this Quadrant . I 'm going to neutralize this threat , Seven , with or without your help . I will assist you . You will ? I have waited many years to observe this molecule firsthand . I will not deny myself that experience . All right . Go back to your cargo bay . Assemble all the data you have about Omega . I 'll expect a report within the hour . I didn 't realize you had such a strong scientific curiosity . Not curiosity ... desire . Desire ? Omega is infinitely complex , yet harmonious . To the Borg , it represents perfection . I wish to understand that perfection . The Borg 's Holy Grail . Captain ? Never mind . I 'll see you in an hour . Arithrazine ? What for ? I 'm going on an away mission . What are you planning to do- - stroll through a supernova ? Something like that . 20 milligrams- - when can you have it ready ? Captain , arithrazine is used for the most severe cases of theta radiation poisoning . A physician must be present to monitor the treatment . That won 't be possible . Then I 'm afraid I can 't accommodate you . I 'd be in violation of Starfleet medical protocols . Well , I 'm overriding those protocols . Don 't tell me- - " The Omega Directive , " whatever that might be . The arithrazine , Doctor . It 'll be ready in the morning . Have it sent to the shuttle bay . Captain , I don 't know what 's going on here , but I 'd hate this to be the last time I ever see you . Please be careful . I will . I 've analyzed the sensor logs using Borg algorithms . The shock wave we detected indicates not one but possibly hundreds of Omega molecules . Location ? Within ten light - years . I 'm having difficulty isolating the exact star system . Hundreds of molecules . That changes everything . A shuttle mission may be insufficient . We require the resources of this entire crew . We 're going to need more firepower , more protection . Transfer your data to the Astrometrics Lab . I 'll work on it there . Calibration complete . Phase modulator . Detonator circuits ? On standby . We 're ready to load the gravimetric charge . This looks like enough for a 50 - isoton explosion . 54 , to be exact . What are we planning to do , blow up a small planet ? I don 't know . This warhead isn 't standard issue . Who designed it , the Captain ? Mr. Kim , you ask too many questions . Change of plans , gentlemen . lncrease the charge to 80 isotons . Aye , Captain . Harry , when you 're done here , give B 'Elanna a hand with the shuttlecraft . She 's reinforcing the hull . Right . Ensign Hickman thinks it 's Species 8472 . Pardon me ? That 's his theory . There 's an opening in fluidic space and Captain Janeway has to shut it down . Want to know what I think ? No . I think there 's a type - 6 protostar out there and the Captain 's planning on detonating it and opening up a wormhole to the Alpha Quadrant . In theory , it 's possible . And because she doesn 't want to get her hopes up , she 's not telling anybody . Then I wouldn 't suggest getting your hopes up . Then what do you think it is ? I do not engage in idle speculation . Oh , come on , Tuvok . Aren 't you curious ? Yes , but we have a task at hand . The phase modulator . Come in . Status report . Everything 's going according to schedule . Good . The Omega Directive doesn 't allow me to say much , but I want you to know what to expect . At 0600 hours , I 'll be leaving in a shuttle with Seven of Nine . Would it be out of line to ask where you 're going ? I can tell you this . One of two things is going to happen . Either Seven and I will succeed on our mission and return within a few days , or your long - range sensors will detect a large explosion in subspace . If that occurs , you 'll have less than ten seconds to jump to warp and get the hell out of here . Head for the Alpha Quadrant and don 't look back . Understood ? I always thought that Starfleet was run by duty - crazed bureaucrats , but I find it hard to believe that even they would order a Captain to go on a suicide mission . This shuttle excursion is your idea , isn 't it ? Let 's just say I 've had to amend the Directive , given the circumstances . But you have your orders and I expect you to follow them . That 's expecting a lot . You 're asking me to abandon my Captain and closest friend without even telling me why . If it were a simple matter of trust , I wouldn 't hesitate to tell you . But we 've encountered situations where information was taken from us by force . I can 't allow knowledge of Omega to go beyond Voyager . That 's a reasonable argument , but you 're not always a reasonable woman . You 're determined to protect this crew and this time , you 've taken it too far . A dangerous mission- - fine , I 'll acknowledge that- - but isn 't it more likely to succeed with everyone behind you , working together ? Ordinarily , I 'd agree , but this Directive was issued many years ago . Starfleet didn 't exactly have our predicament in mind , did it ? Lost in the Delta Quadrant with no backup . I can 't ignore the orders , but I won 't ask the crew to risk their lives because of my obligation . " My obligation . " That 's where you 're wrong . Voyager may be alone out here , but you 're not . Let us help you . We 'll keep classified information limited to the senior staff . We 'll take every security precaution . Just don 't try to do this alone . Assemble the troops . If we were in the Alpha Quadrant right now , we wouldn 't be having this conversation . I 'd be in contact with Starfleet Command and they 'd send in a specialized team to deal with the crisis . In their absence , we 're going to have to make do with the training I 've received and the knowledge Seven of Nine has retained from the Borg . You 've all seen this symbol . Omega ... the last letter of the Greek alphabet- - chosen by Starfleet to represent a threat not only to the Federation but to the entire galaxy . Only starship captains and Federation flag officers have been briefed on the nature of this threat . What you 're about to hear will not go beyond these bulkheads . is that clear ? Good . This is Omega . A molecule ? Not just any molecule ... the most powerful substance known to exist . A single Omega molecule contains the same energy as a warp core . In theory , a small chain of them could sustain a civilization . The molecule was first synthesized over a hundred years ago by a Starfleet physicist named Ketteract . I think he was hoping to develop an inexhaustible power source . Or a weapon . Ketteract managed to synthesize a single molecule particle of Omega , but it only existed for a fraction of a second before it destabilized . This was a classified research center in the Lantaru Sector . Ketteract and 126 of the Federation 's leading scientists were lost in the accident . Rescue teams attempting to reach the site discovered an unexpected secondary effect . There were subspace ruptures extending out several light - years . The Lantaru Sector ... it 's impossible to create a stable warp field there . You can only fly through it at sublight speeds . But I was always told that it was a natural phenomenon . You 're saying it was caused by a single molecule of this stuff ? Omega destroys subspace . A chain reaction involving a handful of molecules could devastate subspace throughout an entire Quadrant . If that were to happen , warp travel would become impossible . Spacefaring civilization as we know it would cease to exist . When Starfleet realized Omega 's power , they suppressed all knowledge of it . Have you detected Omega here in the Delta Quadrant ? I 'm afraid so . I 've been authorized to use whatever means necessary to destroy it . Tom , I 've calculated the location of the molecules . I 'll transfer the coordinates to the helm . Take us there at full impulse . Aye , Captain . I don 't have to tell you what 's at stake . If a large - scale Omega explosion occurs , we will lose the ability to go to warp forever . We 've got our work cut out for us . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Encrypt log entry . We 're approaching the star system where we believe we 'll find Omega . I have to admit , I 've never been this apprehensive about a mission . I know how Einstein must have felt about the atom bomb , or Marcus when she developed the Genesis Device . They watched helplessly as science took a destructive course , but I have the chance to prevent that from happening . I just hope it 's not too late . Status report ? This is a harmonic resonance chamber . The Borg designed it to contain and stabilize Omega . I thought I asked you to work on the photon torpedo . The torpedo may be insufficient . I can modify this chamber to emit an inverse frequency . It will be enough to dissolve Omega 's interatomic bonds . Here 's to Borg ingenuity . This is excellent work , Seven . We may need this . The modifications require several complex calculations . Assist me . I guess I will . I 'm curious ... when did the Borg discover Omega ? 229 years ago . Assimilation ? Yes . Of 13 different species . Thirteen ? It began with Species 262 . They were primitive , but their oral history referred to a powerful substance which could " burn the sky . " The Borg were intrigued ... which led them to Species 263 . They , too , were primitive and believed it was a drop of blood from their creator . Fascinating . Yes , but irrelevant . We followed this trail of myth for many years until finally assimilating a species with useful scientific data . We then created the molecule ourselves . Omega caused quite a stir among my own species . Federation cosmologists had a theory- - that the molecule once existed in nature ... for an infinitesimal period of time at the exact moment of the big bang . Some claimed Omega was the primal source of energy for the explosion that began our universe . A creation myth , like any other . Perhaps . What is it the Borg say ? That Omega is perfect ? Yes . is that a theory or a belief ? Bridge to Captain . Go ahead . We 're approaching the coordinates . I 'm on my way . I 'm leaving this project in your hands . Use whatever resources and personnel you need . Understood . We 've entered a planetary system . inhabited ? There 's a pre - warp civilization on the outermost planet . The source of Omega seems to be further in . The damage to subspace in this region is extreme . We won 't be able to go to warp . We are encountering distortions . Track their origin . An M - Class moon . We 're in visual range . On screen . There is a subnucleonic reaction occurring in the upper atmosphere . It is apparently emanating from a structure on the moon 's surface . Can your sensors penetrate the atmosphere ? Stand by . My God . Over 300 , 000 square kilometers ... destroyed . Scan the structure . Are there any Omega molecules remaining ? I can 't tell . Several sections of the outpost are still shielded . I 'm detecting life signs . How many ? A few dozen , maybe . It 's hard to get a clear reading . Harry , can we transport to the surface ? I can get you there , but conditions in the structure aren 't good . There are high levels of radiation . Tuvok ... assemble a rescue team and have them report to Sick Bay for arithrazine inoculations . Tell the Doctor to prepare for casualties . Tom , move Voyager into a high orbit and then join the away team . We 'll need a field medic . Yes , ma 'am . You 're going with them ? If Omega 's still down there , I have to find it . I 'll keep an open com - link with the ship . You have the Bridge . I 'm picking up Omega 's resonance frequency . It 's here , but I can 't pinpoint a location . I need to ask you questions about the experiments you 've been conducting here . There was ... an accident . We lost containment . The substance you were trying to create- - did any of it survive the explosion ? Yes . Where ? Inside the primary test chamber . - Who are you ? - Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager . We 're here to help you . Away team to Voyager . Two to beam directly to Sick Bay . Aye , Captain . This door is solid duritanium 13 centimeters thick . Can we get it open ? The duritanium has melted into the door frame . We 'll need to cut through the metal with phasers . Do it . Captain ... I 'd be negligent if I didn 't point out that we are about to violate the Prime Directive . For the duration of this mission , the Prime Directive is rescinded . Let 's get this over with . Crewman Dell , I 'm assigning you a task more suited to your abilities . Calibrate the ionic - pressure seals on the observation ports . Your new designation is Three of Ten . Yes , ma 'am . I 've got more isolinear processors for you to install . Thanks , but I need to get the power relays on line first . Are you sure that 's a good idea ? Ensign Wildman was assigned to that . This is ridiculous . I 'm not going to waste time just because Seven wants to turn this team into her own private collective . She says it 's more efficient . Maybe for a bunch of drones . Six of Ten , this is not your assignment . Please , stop calling me that . You are compromising our productivity . I am reassigning you to chamber maintenance . Your new designation is Two of Ten . Wait a minute . You 're demoting me ? Since when do the Borg pull rank ? A Starfleet protocol I adapted . I find it most useful . I 'm glad you 're not the Captain . How 's it coming ? The crew can be quite efficient when properly organized . The harmonic chamber will be completed within the hour . Good . I 'll let the Captain know . Has she retrieved any new data from the surface ? Not yet . They 're still trying to access the primary test chamber . Were there survivors ? A few . The Doctor 's treating them in Sick Bay . Commander . Seven 's taking this " hive mentality " just a little too far . Designated functions , numbered drones ... I wouldn 't be surprised if she started plugging us into alcoves . When in the collective , Harry ... adapt . Which of them is the senior researcher ? This gentleman . Why do you ask ? He has knowledge I require . He also happens to be barely conscious . Come back in an hour . Unacceptable . Unavoidable . This is my Sick Bay . The man needs to recover . The Captain left me in charge of our efforts on Voyager . I would be negligent if I ignored a new source of information . Our next social skills seminar is entitled " Adding Diplomatic Flair to Future Negotiations . " How are you feeling , sir ? Better . Thank you . Are you comfortable enough to speak with this individual ? Keep it brief . How many of the molecules were you able to synthesize ? 200 million ? I 'm not certain . What is the iso - frequency of your containment field ? 1 . 68 terahertz . We used the molecule 's own resonance to calculate the field . That should 've been enough to stabilize them . Obviously it wasn 't . Obviously , but your approach is innovative . Perhaps I can adapt your technique and improve upon it . You will assist me . Our equipment was destroyed . If you can transfer the molecules to your ship ... maybe they can be saved . I have no intention of saving them . What ? My orders are to destroy the Omega molecules . This is my life 's work ... the salvation of my people . Will you assist me or not ? Our resources are nearly gone . The future of my people depends on this discovery ! Then your answer is no . Small - minded creatures . You destroy whatever you don 't understand ! Rescue ships are on the way . They won 't let you do it . Please , try to be calm . Seven , you 'll have to leave . You don 't realize what you 're doing . You don 't know what this is ... what this means ... On the contrary . I understand perfectly . We 've disabled the locking mechanism . Narrow your phaser beams to cut through the inner seal . inadvisable . We 'd risk penetrating the containment field . Then we 'll have to use some elbow grease . Give me a hand . Oh . Right . There 's enough here to wipe out subspace across half the Quadrant . I 'll order the away teams back to Voyager , and target this facility with a gravimetric charge . It won 't be enough . We 'll have to go with our Borg option . Ensign . Yes , Captain . Return to the ship . Tell Commander Chakotay to help Seven complete the harmonic chamber . We 'll have to transport Omega directly to the ship . That means finding a way to shut down this containment field . It 's unfortunate we can 't study this phenomenon in more detail . We may not have the opportunity again . Let 's hope we never do . A curious statement from a woman of science . I 'm also a woman who occasionally knows when to quit . Take another look at your tricorder . Omega 's too dangerous . I won 't risk half the Quadrant to satisfy our curiosity . It 's arrogant and it 's irresponsible . The final frontier has some boundaries that shouldn 't be crossed ... and we 're looking at one . We don 't need to destroy the molecules . I believe I 've found a way to stabilize them . The alien in Sick Bay calibrated his containment field using Omega 's own resonance- - an approach unknown to the Borg . I have modified this chamber ... Those weren 't your orders . The Captain wants Omega eliminated . That is still an option if she insists on yielding to her fear . Show me what you 've done . This simulation shows the molecules in their free state , highly unstable . I 've modified the chamber to emit a harmonic wave form that will dampen the molecules . Looks great in theory , but this is only a simulation . How are you going to test it ? On Omega . Bad idea . One mistake and no one will be around for a second try . It will work . Someday , maybe . Hang on to your research . For now , we stick to the plan . Stand by to transport the molecules into this chamber and neutralize them as ordered . I have been a member of this crew for nine months . In all of that time , I have never made a personal request . I am making one now . Allow me to proceed . Please . Why is this so important to you ? Particle zero - one - zero ... the Borg designation for what you call Omega . Every drone is aware of its existence . We were instructed to assimilate it at all costs . It is ... perfection . The molecules exist in a flawless state- - infinite parts functioning as one . Like the Borg . Precisely . I am no longer Borg , but I still need to understand that perfection . Without it , my existence will never be complete . Commander , you are a spiritual man . That 's right . If you had the chance to see your God , your Great Spirit , what would you do ? I 'd pursue it ... with all my heart . Then you understand . I think I do . I 'll inform the Captain of your discovery . For now , her orders stand . Thank you . Set the confinement beam to its narrowest dispersion . Understood . We 'll target this facility with the gravimetric torpedo . If anything goes wrong during transport , that 'll be our only hope . Bridge to Janeway . We 've detected two ships on an intercept course . They 're not responding to hails . How long until they get here ? Less than four minutes , Captain . Stand by to transport the molecules directly to the harmonic chamber . Understood . Bridge to Cargo Bay . Yes , Commander . Seven , get ready . We 'll have to do this quickly . That 's not advisable . We don 't have a choice . The alien ships are on their way . Then I recommend moving the ship within 5 , 000 kilometers of the surface . That 'll take us right into the atmosphere . With our shields down , we won 't be able to withstand the thermal reaction for more than a few seconds . Then we 'll only get one shot at this . Take us in . Aye , sir . Transporter status ? Targeting scanners are locked . Captain , are you ready ? Pattern enhancers are active . Do it . We 're 1 1 , 000 kilometers from the surface . If we get much closer , we 'll incinerate . We 're losing structural integrity . 9 , 000 Kilometers . We 're close enough . Energize . lnitiating transport . The Omega molecules are stable . Transport was successful . I 've got the away team in Transporter Room 2 . Get us out of here , maximum impulse . Already on it . How far away are those ships ? They 're right on our tail . We 're heading into an area of open space- - no indications of life or any kind of technology . We can carry out the procedure with no risk to anyone else . Except those two ships behind us . Can we stay ahead of them ? Not for long . How soon can we clear the subspace ruptures and go to warp ? Ten , maybe 15 minutes , but those ships will catch up to us before then . Well , we have one advantage . We 've got Omega . They won 't risk firing at us . At least not until they 've run out of options . That should give us a chance to neutralize the molecules . Captain , we might have another problem . Seven of Nine ? She 's convinced she can stabilize Omega . I thought we 'd settled that question . While you were on the surface , she showed me a pretty convincing simulation of how it could be done . I should 've known she wouldn 't just let this go . I 'll be in Cargo Bay 2 . Seven , the procedure ? It 's working . 1 1 percent Of the molecules have already been neutralized . Let 's see if we can speed up the process a little . Did Commander Chakotay tell you about my idea ? Yes . Then you will allow me to stabilize the remaining molecules . You know I can 't do that . Your Starfleet Directive is no longer relevant . I have found a way to control Omega . I don 't care if you can make it sing and dance . We 're getting rid of it . A foolish decision . Yes , but it 's mine to make . Now , step aside . I could 've done this without your permission , but I chose to follow your command structure . I should 've made the attempt . I still can . But you won 't . You know I 'm not trying to stop you from finding perfection , but I can 't risk the safety of this Quadrant . Omega must end here . We both know that . Status ? 18 percent . This could take hours . Can you increase the harmonic resonance ? Yes , but it would rupture the chamber . How many molecules would we neutralize ? 40 , 50 percent at best . That 's good enough . Our torpedo can take care of the rest . Janeway to Bridge . Chakotay here . Chakotay , I want you to clear Deck 4 . Put emergency force fields around this section . Prepare to decompress Cargo Bay 2 on my command . Understood . Tuvok , load the gravimetric torpedo . Once we 've jettisoned the chamber , fire . Aye , Captain . Harmonic resonance to maximum . Commander , they 're closing on us . They 're attempting to stop us with a tractor beam . Adjust shields to compensate . They 're hailing us . On screen . Disengage your engines and prepare to be boarded . I can 't do that . You 've stolen our technology , abducted our people . Your people are safe . They 're receiving medical care . I 'll be glad to get them back to you when this is over , but we 're keeping the molecules . I won 't allow this substance to fall into enemy hands . I 'll destroy it first . They 're charging weapons . You 'll destabilize the molecules . We 'll both be destroyed . Then return our technology ... now ! I 'm sorry . That 's not possible . Direct hit . Shields down ten percent . Evasive maneuvers . Try to shake them off . Harmonic resonance at maximum , Captain . The molecules ? 80 percent remaining . We need to get that down to 60 . Any damage to our power grid could overload the chamber- - Omega would chain - react . The same thought crossed my mind . Where are we now ? 72 percent . That 's close enough . Bridge , start the decompression sequence . Acknowledged . What 's wrong ? What 's happening ? The molecules are stabilizing . What ? I 've done nothing . It 's occurring spontaneously . That 's impossible . Decompression in 30 seconds . Decompression in 25 seconds . Seven , let 's move ! Decompression in 20 seconds . Seven . Decompression in 15 seconds . Decompression in ten seconds . Tom , are we clear of the subspace ruptures ? Almost . I need maximum warp within ten seconds or we 'll be stuck at ground zero . Yes , sir . Decompression is complete . The harmonic chamber has been jettisoned . Fire . We made it . We 're at warp 1 . The alien ships ? Out of range . Tuvok ? Sensors show no traces of Omega molecules . Mission accomplished . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51793 . 4 . We 've arranged for our guests in Sick Bay to be taken back to their homeworld , and we can finally put this mission behind us . This will be my last encrypted log concerning the Omega Directive . The classified data files will now be destroyed . I wondered who was running my program . Master da Vinci doesn 't like visitors after midnight . He protested . I deactivated him . What 're you doing here , Seven ? This simulation contains ... many religious components . I was studying them to help me understand what I saw in Cargo Bay 2 . The data wasn 't clear on why Omega stabilized in the last few seconds , but chances are it was simply a chaotic anomaly , nothing more . For 3 . 2 seconds ... I saw perfection . When Omega stabilized , I felt a curious sensation . As I was watching it , it seemed to be watching me . The Borg have assimilated many species with mythologies to explain such moments of clarity . I 've always dismissed them as trivial . Perhaps I was wrong . If I didn 't know you better ... I 'd say you just had your first spiritual experience .
