 Thrusters are down . We 're going to crash ! Hey , what do you think ? Look at the detail on the dorsal plating . Impressive . Are you sure you 're willing to part with it ? I just hope your boy enjoys it as much as I do . I 'm certain he will , if we make it home in time for his birthday . We 'll make it . If you and Savar had a child of your own you 'd have an excuse to play with toys more often . I 'm detecting a fluctuation in tank four . There 's a full scale rupture in progress . Isolate the deck . Activate the emergency containment field . The emergency systems are offline . Backup controls are down too . Eject the tank . - Here ? There 's an inhabited system . - We have no choice ! - The ejection ports aren 't responding . - Impossible . There 's another rupture forming in tank six . We 'll have to send somebody down there to seal off the tanks manually . - Contact the theta core . - Communications are down . Get down to the injector pod and seal those tanks . - I didn 't sign up for core labour . - I 'm giving you an order . - I 'll be contaminated . - Now ! The flame , like emotion , is a primitive force . Left unchecked , it 's chaotic , destructive , but if controlled it can be a powerful tool . The lamp controls the flame , as you must learn to control your emotions . I lost my temper . No big deal . You destroyed the Doctor 's holographic camera . I told him three times to leave Engineering , but he kept buzzing around snapping pictures for some photo essay . A day in the life of the warp core . I apologised , and I replicated him a new camera . You have a long history of emotional volatility . The point of this exercise is not to atone for past transgressions , but to prevent future ones . You can 't order someone to meditate . Commander Chakotay thinks otherwise . Are my eyes supposed to be open or closed for this part . Whichever allows you to focus your mind . Envision the flame burning within you . Sorry . The flame grows hotter . A point of white light . Follow it backward through the years to a time when you were younger , a child . Is there something amusing , Lieutenant ? I 'm sorry , an image just flashed through my mind . You as a child . Those pointy little ears . You must have been cute . Indeed . Please follow my instructions or we 'll discontinue this exercise . Right . Me , childhood . How old ? Your earliest memories . Try to recall a time when you experienced uncontrollable anger . - Daniel Bird ? - I beg your pardon ? He was one of my classmates in grammar school . He was always terrorising me . He used to point at my cranial ridges and tease me about being half-Klingon . - He called me Miss Turtlehead . - That angered you . Of course , it did . So I attacked him once , during recess , on the gyro-swing . I disengaged the centrifugal governor . He was spinning so fast , he almost flew apart . Then I yanked him off the swing and started pounding his little face ! If Miss Malvin hadn 't showed up , I probably would have ... Describe the anger you felt at that moment . I , I wanted to hurt him . To take revenge for all the humiliation he caused me . Your anger was a source of strength . It protected you , gave you courage . I suppose it did . And when the Doctor tried to take a holo-photograph of you ? I was annoyed . He kept getting in the way . The rage within you runs deep . It 's been with you for many years . I 'm not a Vulcan . I 'll survive . Whatever you say , Miss Turtlehead . What did you say ! You 're easily provoked . You must learn to master your emotions . I 've had enough mastery for one day . School 's out . So , how 'd it go with B 'Elanna today ? Our meditation sessions are confidential . No , I 'm not asking for sordid details . I just want to know if you think you can help her . Her training will be a challenge for both of us . Take it from me , getting B 'Elanna to control her temper is like convincing a Ferengi to leave his estate to charity . Captain , we 're receiving an automated distress call . Origin ? Co-ordinates one twenty one by two six eight . Range , two billion kilometres . - Who 's sending it ? - I can 't tell . Let them know help 's on the way . Set a course , Mister Paris . Thirty seven escape pods . They 're contaminated with theta radiation . - Malon ? - Possibly . Life signs ? Two , but they 're erratic . Beam them to Sickbay . Initiate bio-hazard containment procedures . Theta radiation has affected a radius of six hundred million kilometres . Source ? A Malon freighter travelling at high impulse . It appears to be abandoned . I thought we 'd seen the last of the Malon . I guess they 're looking for new places to dump their toxic waste . Do we know what happened to their ship ? Were they attacked ? I 'm just as curious as you are . Can you revive either of them ? I 'm Captain Kathryn Janeway . Fesek , Controller Fesek . Where am I ? You 're on my vessel . We responded to your distress call . - My ship ? - It 's heavily damaged . - Where ? - Three million kilometres from here . That 's too close . We 've got to get further away . Calm down , calm down . Tell me what 's wrong with your ship . Why did you abandon it ? - We were on a waste export mission . - Dumping theta radiation . Two of the theta tanks ruptured . Systems malfunctioned one by one , communications , navigation , propulsion . We had no choice . Radiation was venting from every port . Over sixty crewmen died within minutes . It was chaos . We stumbled through the gas to get to the escape pods . Only a few of us made it . Where are the others ? The two of you were the only ones we found alive . Listen to me very carefully . The fact that we 're still here means the ship hasn 't exploded , yet . When it does , over four trillion isotons of anti-matter waste is going to ignite . Everything within three light-years will be destroyed . - Janeway to the Bridge . - Go ahead . Put at least five light years between us and the Malon freighter . - Quickly . - You heard her , Tom . Send out a sector-wide alert . Warn any other ships in the vicinity to Evacuate immediately . Our warp field just collapsed . All this theta radiation . It 's disrupting subspace . Can you re-initialise the field ? Negative . Tuvok . Without warp drive there 's no chance we 'll clear the blast radius . Agreed . Mister Paris , set a course for the freighter . Full impulse . - Aye , Captain . - What ? If we can 't outrun your ship , maybe we can disable it . Every deck has been contaminated . Anyone who goes on board will liquefy within minutes . - We 'll find a way . - We ? I 'm not going anywhere near that vessel . You can either stay and help us or I 'll send you back to your escape pod . Your choice . Clean them up , Doctor . I need them on the Bridge . How long until those storage tanks explode ? Approximately six hours . Can we get an away team on board ? The freighter 's hull is intact . Life support appears to be operational . However , thirty three of forty two decks are flooded with high levels of theta radiation . Including the control room , which is where we have to go to re-establish containment . As I told you . We could beam on to one of the lower levels where there 's less radiation , and vent the contaminated sections one by one . Clear a path to the control room . I appreciate what you 're trying to do , but if what you 're considering were possible , we 'd have tried it before we abandoned the ship . We have years of experience aboard freighters of this gradient . Your experience is what got us into this mess in the first place . That 's enough , Lieutenant . Maybe there 's another way . I 'm listening . Four hours from here there 's a nebula that could protect us from the blast . We could alter course , wait there until after the explosion . There are at least three other ships in the sector . What about them ? I don 't see what we can do . So hundreds of people become contaminated because you 're not willing to clean up your garbage . Lieutenant . Assemble an away team . We 're going over there . Wait ! Tell them about the vihaar . - What 's he talking about ? - Nothing . It 's a myth . What kind of myth ? It 's an old story shared among freighter crews . Some of them say they 've seen creatures in the theta storage tanks . - Creatures ? - Created by radiogenic waste . According to the legend , they are poisonous monsters that wreak havoc aboard Malon ships . It 's a common belief among our more superstitious recruits . I never believed it myself , but during the evacuation some of the crew people saw something . A form . Hallucinations are one of the first symptoms of theta poisoning . You know that . Maybe . Then how do you explain what happened ? We checked every system . You 'd say anything to get out of going back to that freighter . If you 'd been there , you 'd be afraid to go back , too . This chamber seems to be the least affected by radiation . We 'll beam in there . That 's fifteen decks below the control room . We 'll have to work our way up . The pressurisation systems , they 're offline . How will we vent the gas ? There are two main airlocks on each deck . We 'll open them as we go . Perform a series of controlled decompressions . What 's to stop us from being vented ? Forcefields . I spent six years aboard a Talaxian garbage scow . I know a few things about waste management . Even low levels of theta radiation can be lethal . Our Doctor 's developed an inoculation . It 'll temporarily prevent our cells from absorbing the radiation . - How long will it last ? - Two , three hours . Half of the doors and bulkheads are fused . The ascenders are offline . It could take us twice as long as that to reach the control room . Then we 'll have to work quickly . We 'll take phasers to cut through any obstacles . I 've ordered my men to do a lot of risky things , but nothing as foolish as this . More foolish than towing around a trillion isotons of toxic waste ? We take every precaution to keep it contained . Until you dump it in someone 's back yard . Is your crew always so diplomatic ? Your concerns are noted . Get them inoculated . We 'll meet you in Transporter Room one . We 're trying to avoid explosions , remember ? Not another lecture about my emotions . No , a lecture about how to treat guests aboard this ship . Guests ? Chakotay , these people are the scourge of the quadrant . Agreed , but right now they 're our only hope of repairing that freighter , so I suggest you make friends . Diplomacy . Janeway 's answer to everything . This isn 't the Captain talking , it 's me , and I 'm giving you an order . Keep your temper in check . Understood ? - Understood ? - Yeah . - I didn 't hear you . - Yes . B 'Elanna , I need your expertise on this mission , not your bad mood . I 'll see what I can do . Ready , Neelix ? Ah , not quite . Do we still have a minute ? It 's just it 's not quite strong enough yet . Now , would you mind passing me that little dish ? Neelix , I admire your dedication , but the crew can figure out lunch on their own . Lunch , and dinner , and a midnight snack have all been taken care of . This is for me . It 's a Talaxian theta radiation remedy . Crushed rama leaf and katyllian clove . It helps fortify the cellular membranes . I think the Doctor 's inoculation might be a better way to go . Every little bit helps . Oh , by the way , thank you . For what ? For sending me on such an important mission . Not that my duties in the Mess hall aren 't challenging . It was an easy choice . You were the best man for the job . Well , our scow once ran smack into a theta radiation field . Knocked the propulsion out . We had no choice but to sit there . We were barely alive when they found us . If it hadn 't been for this , nobody would have survived . Once you get past the choking reflex it 's really not so bad . Want to try some ? I 'll take my chances . Transporter room one to Commander Chakotay . We 're ready to proceed . On our way . B 'Elanna . Aren 't you forgetting something ? I don 't think so . A good-bye would be nice . So long , see you soon , something along those lines . I didn 't want to risk it . - Risk what ? - Starting an argument . Argument ? Us ? So , I hear it 's been a short fuse kind of day . - About this long . - Nothing you can 't handle . - If you think so . - I know so . I suppose it 's always going to be like this . - Like what ? - Me against the galaxy . Well , the galaxy doesn 't stand a chance . Now , promise me that you 're going to be careful over there . No stopping to have fun . Fun ? On a Malon freighter ? See you soon . Well , it 's nothing a fresh coat of paint wouldn 't brighten up . This way . Theta radiation density , twenty million ev per cubic metre . Structural integrity 's holding . Wish I could say the same for my lungs . What was that ? This corridor 's filled with methogenic particles , highly charged . Something 's causing an electrostatic cascade . Our scanning signals are igniting the particles . It 's the tricorders ! Take cover . No more tricorders . Control mechanisms are down . We 're going to have to open the air locks manually . Wait here . We 'll take care of it . - B 'Elanna , go with him . - We can do this ourselves . I 'd prefer to keep an eye on your progress . You 're on my freighter . I 'm in charge here . You abandoned ship , remember ? You take your orders from me . We 'll have to crawl into an injector port . It 's only big enough for two people . Pelk , you stay with us . Shall we ? How can you stand to work in these conditions ? You think we 're animals , don 't you ? You said it , not me . I 'm a waste controller half the year . Do you know what I do the rest of the time ? - I 'm a sculptor . - What 's your point ? Every year I give up work I love to expose myself to radiation that will probably cut my life in half . Then why do it ? Have you ever been to Malon Prime ? It 's a remarkable place . It 's one of the most beautiful worlds you 'll ever see . Our planet would choke with industrial wastes if it weren 't for the sacrifices of people like me . How many worlds are you willing to contaminate to keep your own home so tidy ? Do you have any idea of the trouble we go to , to locate isolated areas ? Ah , manual actuators . I 'll release them , you monitor the pressure variance . Right . - Do you have any children ? - No . I have a son . He 's seven years old . He wants to be a waste controller when he grows up . You must be very proud . Ready . Torres to Chakotay . Stand by for the decompression sequence . Acknowledged . It didn 't work . There 's something jamming the airlock controls . Torres to Chakotay . We 've got a problem . The actuators aren 't working . Somebody 's going to have to go up there and take a look . Wait . That deck is still contaminated . I 'll go . I 've been exposed to worse . Wait . One for the road . It 's probably just the uncouplers . They 're always getting encrusted with oxides . Who 's there ? Help ! I , I saw it . I saw it . - What ? - The creature . Give me twenty cc 's of anectazine . Chakotay to Voyager . Transporter status . Still too much interference . I 'll try compensating . Stand by for further instructions . - What happened ? - We don 't know . He went away for a minute , he screamed , and we found him here . These look like chemical burns . Without tricorders , it 's hard to make a diagnosis . It 's here . - What ? - The creature . You 're hallucinating . It 's the radiation , but you 're going to be alright . No . It attacked me . It ... He 's going into shock . Cortical stimulator . Pelk , get up ! He 's not responding . He said the creature attacked him . He imagined it . He was probably scalded when that conduit ruptured . Or maybe there is someone else on this ship . Voyager to away team . Transporter interference has cleared . We 're locking onto your co-ordinates . Stand by . Harry , Pelk is dead . Lock onto his signal and beam him to Sickbay . Ask the Doctor to determine the cause of death . Aye sir . Someone still needs to get up there and open the airlocks . - Me . - Hold on . I 'll join you . From now on nobody works alone . Progress ? They 've vented five decks . Ten to go . At this rate , they 'll reach the control room in approximately three hours . However , the storage tanks will detonate in less than two . I 've been working on a contingency plan . An O type star . If the freighter exploded within the star 's corona it might absorb the radiation . The star is not on the freighter 's trajectory . What if we gave it a little nudge ? A series of carefully timed tractor pulses could alter the freighter 's course , but given the vessel 's weakened state , one miscalculation could set off the explosion . I 'm still counting on the away team to succeed , but I want to be ready with plan B if they don 't . I don 't know about the rest of you but I could sure use a sonic shower . I 'd like to soak in a hot bath for a day or two . Oh no , not me . I want to feel those sonic pulses dissolving every last atom of this grime off my body . We have a decontamination bay on board that can purge over fifty workers at a time . Well that sounds like fun . B 'Elanna ? I 'm okay . I 'm just a little light-headed . - Your hand . - Oh God . Freighter blight from the prolonged exposure . Lovely . In my business , it 's an occupational hazard . We 'd better try inoculating you again . If she 's blistering , she 's already received a fatal dose of radiation . - She needs treatment . - I 'll live . Let 's keep moving . We have medicines in the infirmary . It 's only two sections from here . We don 't have time for a detour . B 'Elanna , go with him . We 'll meet you outside the control room . - Chakotay , I 'm fine . - I said go ! This is the infirmary ? Looks more like a morgue . What happened to him ? It looks like he was being treated for long term exposure . He was probably left behind during the evacuation . Tough luck , huh ? There was nothing more we could do for him . He was a core labourer . Meaning ? He worked close to the storage tanks . Only three of ten core labourers survive a standard mission . Occupational hazard ? They know the risks when they accept the assignment . They know they 're going to end up like this ? Core labourers can make more in two months than most Malon make in a lifetime . What good is the money if they 're not around to collect it . It will go to his family . What is that thing ? It 's a subdermal injector . It contains analeptic compounds to reverse the cell damage . I feel better already . I won 't hurt you . I 've done this a hundred times . You 'll feel a slight burning sensation . Commander . The Captain 's plan B. I 've calculated the inertial force required to divert the freighter . Plan C. Shield modulations that should reduce the structural damage of Voyager . It will also help protect the crew against theta radiation poisoning , if we fail . A wise precaution . With any luck , we won 't be needing it . I didn 't think Vulcans believed in luck . As a rule we don 't , but serving with Captain Janeway has taught me otherwise . She does seem to succeed more often than random chance would allow . I 'll factor it into my calculations . - Is there a Plan D ? - No . Initiating decompression sequence , deck four ! Deck clear ! Twelve down ! Three to go ! The air locks are opening on this deck ! - What ! - I can 't close them . - Forcefields , where are they ? - They 're offline ! We 've got to get off this deck . Move ! This way . Chakotay ! - He was right behind me . - Torres to Chakotay . - That deck is a vacuum by now . - Torres to Voyager . Acknowledged . Lock onto Chakotay 's comm. signal and beam him to Sickbay . We 've got him . He 's okay . - I thought that deck was secure ! - It was . Then why did we almost get blown into space ? I don 't know ! Air locks don 't open by themselves ! What are you saying ? You think it was me ? Calm down , both of you ! We don 't have time to argue about what happened . We 've got to keep moving . Chakotay ? Unconscious but stable . The Doctor is treating him now . We 'll be able to talk to him in less than an hour . I 'll want a full report . Shall I beam to the freighter and take command of the away team ? I just spoke with B 'Elanna . She 's got everything under control . This is a dangerous situation . There is no margin for emotional error . We have plenty to do here . Help me remodulate the tractor beam . B 'Elanna is unpredictable , Captain . Under these circumstances her volatile nature could compromise the mission . Your concerns are noted , but if I send you over there I 'd be sending the wrong message . That I don 't have faith in her . But I do . Your faith is admirable , but logic suggests ... This isn 't about logic , it 's about trust . She 'll come through for us . Now , give me a hand . Lieutenant ? Lieute ... Are you all right ? Fine . Report . We just vented the last deck . We should have a clear path to the control room . Let 's get this thing over with , then . - If you need to rest . - I said I 'm fine . - I was meditating . - Meditating ? You ? Do me a favour , don 't tell Tuvok . - Your secret 's safe . - It 's this place . I know how you feel . The next time I volunteer to board a Malon freighter , check me into Sickbay and have my head examined . I feel like I 'm ready to explode . We 'll get through this together . I 've got a knack for diffusing explosive situations . Thanks . - Torres to Astrometrics . - Go ahead . We 're outside the control room , but without tricorders we can 't tell if it 's safe to go in there . The room is too heavily shielded . Our sensors can 't penetrate it . You must stand by . The theta dampening field is still active . It should be safe . After you . It 's worse than I expected . The theta gas has leaked into the warp manifold . We 've got less than ten minutes before this vessel explodes . Emergency systems are down . This should feed enough energy to your power matrix to re-initialise them . Try it now . They 're coming back online , but only one containment grid is still operational . We have two unstable tanks . One grid can 't handle them both . We 'll seal them one at a time . Doctor ? - Easy , Commander . - Ow , my head aches . I 'm not surprised . You took a severe blow . I 've got to get back to the freighter . Not in this condition . If you want to help you can answer some questions about Mister Pelk 's death . I 've found unidentified tissue in his wounds . What sort of tissue ? The computer is running a microcellular scan . - Pelk said he was attacked . - Ah yes , the Malon Bogeyman . Microcellular analysis is complete . Odd . The tissue is saturated with theta radiation , but it 's not showing signs of decay . It came from someone or something that 's developed a resistance to the radiation . - Sickbay to Seven of Nine . - Yes , Doctor . Scan for additional lifeforms aboard the Malon vessel . I 've been running continuous scans . I assure you there is no one there aside from the away team . This lifeform 's heavily irradiated . It could be blending in with ambient toxins . I 'll recalibrate our sensors . Tank one 's stable . Re-route the containment grid to the tank two . What happened ? A power surge . We 're losing the grid . It was triggered from a workstation on this deck . Janeway to away team . We 've detected an alien lifeform aboard the freighter . - We believe it killed Pelk . - Captain , we just lost power . We 're diverting the freighter into a nearby star . Leave the control room so we can get a lock on you . Acknowledged . - What 's going on ? - It 's jammed . Seven of Nine to away team . I 've detected the alien lifeform . It 's moving toward your position . The gas is being routed through the environmental systems . - I 'll try to shut it down . - Is there another way out ? No . - Do you have them ? - Not yet . The lifeform has entered the control room . I 'm trying to vent the gas , but the release valves are jammed . Use the environmental controls instead . In the meantime , see if you can get that hatch open . Neelix ? No , you 'll ignite the gas . Neelix ? We 've got to get him back to Voyager . - Get that hatch open ! - I 'm trying ! Fesek , behind you ! - You 're a core labourer . - Not anymore . Stay back . Don 't make me kill you . I 'm already dead . You 've been sabotaging the ship . There 's no other way to make them understand . So that 's your way of getting even ? Killing your crew ? Causing an explosion that will contaminate other ships ? They poisoned me ! The freighter is on course for the star . Away team , we 've adjusted the vessel 's course . It 's heading for an O type star . You have to get out of there now . No . No . The freighter 's manoeuvring thrusters just activated . - It 's altering course . - Compensate . No effect . I 'm detecting radiation surges in the theta tanks . They 're going to detonate in three minutes . Harry ? As long as they 're in the control room I can 't get a lock . Janeway to away team . Get those manoeuvring thrusters offline then get out of the contaminated area . We can 't get a transporter lock on you . Get the hell away from there , now ! No ! It 's too late ! Okay . Okay . Look , I know what they 've done to you . They used you . You want to hurt them . Listen , listen to me . I know . I know that you 're so angry you want to destroy everything in sight , but there 's another way to make them understand . I 'm on your side . I can help you . Innocent people are going to die if you do this . No . It 's over . Please , please . Please let me help you . No . Step away ! The Malon 's thrusters are powering down . I have restored the freighter 's trajectory . B 'Elanna , get out of there . Come on , we 've got to go . Fesek . - The away team , Mister Kim . - I got them . - Maybe the meditation 's working . - What makes you say that . From what Neelix told me , you kept your temper in check over there . Don 't expect me to make a habit of it . Well , I 've repaired most of your cellular degradation . I wish I could say the same for you , but you 've suffered long term systemic damage . Your condition will deteriorate over time . It 's an occupational hazard . We 've contacted a Malon transport ship in the next sector . We 've altered course to rendezvous with them . Thank you , Captain . I don 't know how I 'm going to explain what happened . Tell them the truth . Tell them the vihaar is no myth . Computer , activate sonic shower . Subtitles by Knuspy
