 Ares lVto Kumagawa . How was the sunrise from down there ? Beautiful . There was a little green mixed in today . It was really quite spectacular . Sorry I missed it . Next time , Lieutenant . Any luck drilling through that lava plain ? Roger that . We broke through the iron oxide barrier , and we 're down to eight meters . We should have some samples by the end of the day if all goes well . On to more important matters . Received an uplink from Houston . The Yankees won game five of the World Series . You owe me 20 bucks . Eh , it 's not over yet . There 's still game six . We 're not the only ones making history today . Bokai just broke DiMaggio 's record . I don 't believe it . If you ask me , Houston 's been manipulating the stats . They do have a few too many Kings fans at Mission Control . Well , how else do you explain Bokai beating out the Yankee Clipper ? Commander , we lost you for a second there . The ride got a little bumpy . Stand by . I 'm picking up some turbulence . At your altitude ? Checking LlDAR . What the hell ... ? John , what 's going on ? There 's an object closing on my position - - azimuth 121.6 . Whatever it is , it 's huge . It 's over 1,000 meters across . How could something that big appear out of nowhere ? I don 't know , but I 'm getting out of its way . Firing thrusters . It 's probably just a solar flare . Let 's hope so . It 's no solar flare . Come in . Come in . Chakotay to the Bridge . This is Transporter Room 2 . I 'm trying to reach the Bridge . Your com signal was routed here , sir . Can you patch me through ? Uh , pardon me ? Who is this ? Patch you through where ? Patch you through where ... where ? Neelix ? Commander ? Double check on the fuel generators . Control seven , return to base ... Maintenance Team 49 ... Culhane to Nozawa , what 's keeping you ? Computer , locate Naomi ... We 're meeting in the Briefing Room . I can 't get through to Engineering . I 'm scheduled for Holodeck 2 . Culhane to Nozawa ... I see you 're making some changes to the computer core . I have enhanced the command sequencers with Borg algorithms . Well , your enhancements are wreaking havoc with our secondary systems . insignificant malfunctions . I will correct them . I don 't recall authorizing any modifications . The computer core is inefficient . It needed to be improved . I appreciate your initiative , but that 's not up to you . I 've explained the value of these enhancements on several occasions , but Lieutenant Torres chose to ignore me . I thought a demonstration would be more persuasive . Well , I doubt this one 's going to change her mind . Clearly Voyager is not yet ready for assimilation . A joke . The Doctor suggested that I diffuse tense situations with humor . Good idea . Now , how about getting these systems back up again so I can get back to my book ? We 're experiencing a shipwide power drain . This is unrelated to my modifications . Senior officers to the Bridge . It 's 2 : 00 in the morning , Ensign . This better be more than a little turbulence . You won 't be disappointed . We 've got level - 9 gravimetric distortions closing on our position . They are emanating from subspace . On screen . Shields . It 's heading right toward us . Evasive maneuvers . Captain ? Say good morning to 30 million terajoules of subspace energy . This thing is following us . I can 't outrun it at impulse . Go to warp . It 's disrupting our warp field . If it any gets closer , the gravimetric stresses are going to rip the plating off our hull . Captain , I recognize this phenomenon . Its Borg designation is Spatial Anomaly 521 . It 's attracted to objects that emit electromagnetic energy . We have to cut power and reverse our shield polarity . Do it . That was close . I recognize this anomaly , too . It 's called a graviton ellipse . According to the Federation database , it travels through subspace , emerging occasionally without warning . Ellipses have only been observed a handful of times . Ares iv . Commander ? One of the early Mars missions . The command module and its pilot were engulfed by a similar phenomenon back in 2032 . I remember reading about that . Two astronauts were stranded on the surface for weeks before a rescue ship arrived . No one 's gotten this close to a graviton ellipse and lived to tell about it . This could be a remarkable opportunity . Go to Yellow Alert . Keep our power output at minimum levels . Match its course and speed , but maintain a safe distance . Aye , Captain . I suggest we launch a probe . See if we can find out what makes this thing tick . Well , make it fast . There 's no telling when our visitor is going to burrow back into subspace . I 'm receiving telemetry from the probe . It appears to have entered a stable core within the anomaly , where gravimetric forces are negligible . The eye of the storm . An apt metaphor . Computer , run a multispectral analysis of the anomaly 's core . Analysis in progress . The Borg developed shields to get through the gravimetric currents . They intended to dissipate the anomaly from within . Perhaps we should continue their efforts . It would be shortsighted to destroy it . We should study the phenomenon . I didn 't realize you shared this crew 's penchant for exploration . I am a Starfleet officer . When the risks outweigh the potential gain , exploration is illogical . We can 't predict what we might find here , Seven . One must allow for the unexpected discovery . Core analysis complete . There are more than 2.8 billion compounds in the core . Fascinating . The computer has isolated several synthetic alloys native to Sector 001 . Titanium and polymer composites . These materials date back to the 21st century . They were used in the construction of Earth 's early spacecraft . Commander Chakotay mentioned a space capsule that was consumed by a graviton ellipse . These alloys are consistent with the hull of that capsule . An unexpected discovery , indeed . She was 46 meters , 92 metric tons , powered by a third - generation ion drive , and equipped with a transpectral imager . Ares lVwas piloted by Lieutenant John Kelly . His ground team , astronauts Rose Kumagawa and Andrei Novakovich , were close to completing their survey mission when Kelly reported an object closing on his position . Then he and the command module disappeared off NASA 's LlDAR scopes . And into the history books . That incident almost derailed the Mars program . Mankind 's first encounter with a spatial anomaly . Seven , you said the Borg were working on a way to get inside a graviton ellipse . Shield enhancements . Well , maybe we could apply the same enhancements to the Flyer . Captain , do you intend to try to find the command module ? Or what 's left of it . By my calculations , we have less than 16 hours before the anomaly goes back into subspace . Then we have to work quickly . Harry , B 'Elanna , help Seven modify the Flyer 's shields . Tom , review the database from the Ares lVmission . It might tell us something about this anomaly we 've missed . We 're going to need a mission leader . I volunteer . I thought you might . Let 's do it . Something on your mind , Seven ? The anomaly is as dangerous and unpredictable now as it was 300 years ago . Well , the Delta Flyer is a little more advanced than the Ares lVwas . We 'll be taking every precaution . That may not be enough . I appreciate your concern , but this is my call . Searching for the command module seems more sentimental than scientific . Well , I can 't argue with that . If scientific knowledge was all we were after , then the Federation would have built a fleet of probes , not starships . Exploration is about seeing things with your own eyes . In this case , we 're exploring the past . How will retrieving this artifact enhance your appreciation of history ? By making us part of it , in the same way that excavating the obelisks of ancient Vulcan , or finding the Shroud of Kahless made those explorers part of their history . Here 's the crux of it . As a Borg , you didn 't study the past ; you ingested it . You never really developed an appreciation for humanity 's history . Maybe this is an opportunity for you to do some exploring of your own . Are you ordering me to join this mission ? Let 's just say I 'm encouraging you to volunteer . It 's no solar flare . Wow . John , can you describe it ? It ... it 's at least 1,000 meters wide . Bright . Your transmission 's breaking up . It 's generating an electromagnetic radiation interfering with primary systems . I can 't get away from it . Activating the transpectral imager . I 'll record as much data as I can . It 's right on top of me ! I 'll transmit as much as I ca ... That 's all she wrote . NASA received Kelly 's last telemetry at 0922 hours , October 19 , 2032 . I thought I was the Mars buff . You seem to know more about the Ares iv than I do . The Mars missions paved the way for the exploration of space . Kelly was one of my childhood heroes . Yeah , mine , too . That 's dedication . The man 's life 's about to end , but he won 't stop taking readings . Makes you wonder if those old - timers were made of sterner stuff than we are . You think we have it easy ? Are you kidding ? Warp drive , shields , transporters - - we 're traveling in the lap of luxury . Kelly and Kumagawa , Armstrong and Glenn - - they were the real pioneers . Am I interrupting ? We 're just admiring someone , a fellow explorer . Hero worship - - the glorification of an individual 's accomplishments . I guess you didn 't have many role models growing up . In the collective , personal accomplishments are irrelevant . The shield modifications to the Delta Flyer are complete . We 're ready for launch . We ? You 'll need someone familiar with Borg technology to monitor the shields . I 'm volunteering . Well , you don 't sound too happy about it . I 'm not , but this mission can benefit from my expertise . In that case ... welcome aboard . I 'm preparing an inoculant to counter the effects of gravimetric radiation . Of course , if you were a hologram , you 'd simply adjust your mobile emitter . That 's what I did on Arakis Prime , one of my first away missions . I don 't recall that . This was before you came aboard . Such an enchanting planet - - crystalline glaciers ... magnesium vapor atmosphere . I had to stop my metallurgical scans just to admire the sheer beauty of it - - to ... " smell the roses , " to coin a phrase . An inefficient use of your time . Hmm . Perhaps . We 're all finished here , except for one thing . Would you mind recording some images when you 're inside the ellipse , for those of us not lucky enough to make the trip ? You envy my participation on this mission . There isn 't a crewman aboard who doesn 't . Why ? I can only tell you how I felt that morning when I materialized on Arakis Prime . I left my footprints in the magnesite dust , and thought , " One small step for a hologram , one giant leap for mankind . " To coin a phrase . Well , I know the sentiment isn 't exactly original , but the fact is I was exhilarated . Chakotay to Seven of Nine . Report to Shuttle Bay 2 . Good luck . We 're approaching the perimeter in five , four ... three , two , one . We 're within 2,000 kilometers . Gravimetric interference is increasing . It 's nothing compared to what they 're going through . They 're really getting knocked around in there . The shields have weakened , but they 're still holding . Harry , keep your finger on that tractor beam in case we have to pull them out . They 're approaching the anomaly 's core . We 've lost sensor contact . Harry . The com link is still active . The gravimetric shear is increasing . I 'm reading diminished turbulence directly ahead . Full thrusters , Tom . Punch us through . Chakotay to Voyager . We 're in . I wish you could see this , Captain . It 's incredible . We 're all ears . It 's very calm , no gravimetric distortions . The EM activity is creating a natural luminescence . Tom called it " mood lighting . " Hey , B 'Elanna , it 's the perfect romantic getaway . I 'll take your word for it . We 've detected asteroid fragments , pieces of vessels , matter from every Quadrant of the galaxy . Next time I lose something , I 'll know where to look . Instead of a graviton ellipse , we should call it the " Kitchen Sink Anomaly . " The chemical interactions have even created a primitive atmosphere . Nothing you 'd want to breathe , of course . What do you make of it , Seven ? Well , I suppose it 's intriguing . Some of the matter appears to be extra - dimensional in origin . Sounds like this anomaly 's gotten around . Any sign of the Ares command module ? We 're picking up traces of the hull , but our sensor readings are being refracted by all the debris in here . That was a gravimetric surge , caused by the anomaly altering its course by .006 degrees . We just had a big jolt out here . We didn 't feel a thing . By our estimate , you have five hours , 36 minutes before the anomaly returns to subspace . You better get a move on . Understood . I 'm having difficulty isolating the debris from the command module . I 'll lay in a search pattern . It may take a couple of hours to cover an area this large . Seven and I can use the time to take some samples . Get a better idea of where this anomaly 's been . We should focus on achieving our objective and returning to Voyager . We 're not here just to find the module . We 've got an opportunity to ... To explore . I am familiar with our mission . In that case , let 's get started . The fossilized microbes in this ore appear to have had metallic membranes . We 've speculated about the possibility of metallic life - forms , but we 've never discovered one . You 're excited by this discovery . This piece of rock is billions of years older than Earth ... from a time when the galaxy was still forming . Here . Commander . Take it . You 're holding a piece of history ... maybe even the beginnings of life itself . Unlikely . It 's more likely than you think . This anomaly is as old as anything we 've ever encountered . I could spend a lifetime studying the things it 's collected . And leave Voyager without a First Officer ? They 'd manage . Paleontology was always my first love . It 's the reason I joined Starfleet . Why didn 't you pursue it ? My sense of responsibility got in the way - - first the Maquis , then Voyager . What I wanted always seemed to take a backseat . Do you remember what you wanted to be before you were assimilated ? I was assimilated when I was a child . I knew I wanted to be a paleontologist when I was six . A ballerina . Maybe it 's not too late . It was a juvenile fantasy . Those are the ones that stick with you . Heads up , folks . I think we 're getting close . I 've isolated the module . Bearing 39 mark 15 . There . It appears to be intact . I 'm reading hull breaches and corrosion , but all things considered , it 's pretty well preserved . We weren 't expecting to find a fragment this big . We can 't just stow it in the aft section . We 'll use a tractor beam to tow it back to Voyager . Captain , the anomaly just made another course change - - .003 degrees . That 's the third one in an hour . Something has to be attracting it . There 's nothing on the sensors . I think it enjoys being unpredictable . We know it has a taste for electromagnetic energy . So what could generate an EM field large enough to get its attention but still not show up on sensors ? An energy burst from a pulsar , a neutrino cloud . Dark matter . Realign the sensor array to scan for EM fluctuations . I 've got a spatial disturbance ... three million kilometers away . It 's a dark - matter asteroid . Bingo . The anomaly 's heading right for it . Time to impact ? Four minutes . Captain , we can 't predict how the impact will affect the anomaly . But it 's a safe bet it won 't be a gentle nudge . Janeway to Delta Flyer . We 've got a problem . The anomaly 's on a collision course with a dark - matter asteroid . We 've located the Mars orbiter . We 're adapting a tractor beam . Give us a minute . You don 't have it ; get out of there . Captain ... Now . is the tractor beam ready ? Just about , sir . Lock onto the module and take us out . We don 't have time . I gave you an order . Commander . We 're not leaving without that module . Tom ! Captain , both the anomaly and the asteroid are accelerating . They 're attracting each other like a pair of magnets . At this rate , it 'll impact in ... 56 seconds . Chakotay , you 've got less than a minute . Acknowledged . The module is slowing us down . Maintain tractor lock . How long until we clear the anomaly ? At our current speed , 40 seconds . We can do it . 30 seconds to impact . They 're still not clear . Chakotay , status . We 're on our way . 20 seconds . Gravimetric distortions are increasing . The Flyer . I 've lost the signal . How badly is he damaged ? He 's got a severe concussion and internal injuries . We need to get him back to Voyager . That may not be possible . Communications , shields and propulsion are still off - line . Well , he 's stable for now . I 'll give you a hand . We can repair the shields , but the engines are unsalvageable . It can 't be that bad . It 's worse . The anomaly is showing signs of returning to subspace . We have less than two hours . He 's regaining consciousness . Easy . Easy . Lie still . It feels like I went ten rounds with an Andorian . More like 20 . You were hit with a plasma discharge . The gravimetric surge from the asteroid caught us at the edge of the anomaly , tossed us back inside . The command module ? It 's adrift , 300 meters off our port bow . Then we can still salvage it . Not so fast . We can 't get engines or shields back on line , not to mention a tractor beam . We 'll be lucky to get out of this in one piece . I can help . You 're in worse shape than this ship . You want to help ? Lie in the bed - - doctor 's orders . Another gravimetric surge . I 'll see if I can reinforce the structural integrity field . You might try drawing power from auxiliary life support . The system was damaged as well . What about the secondary relays ? They 're off - line . That doesn 't leave us many choices . Try rerouting the phaser couplings . We explored that option while you were unconscious . Then maybe you can bring me up - to - date . There 's no time . I suggest you recuperate . We have the situation under control . It doesn 't look that way from here . I 'm still in command of this mission . I want to know what 's going on . Very well . We were ordered by the Captain to leave this anomaly , but you chose to disobey that command . As a result of your obsession with the module , we are now trapped along with it . In all probability , we won 't survive without ... Point taken . Now , why don 't you continue without the attitude ? An inventory of the damaged systems . Read it for yourself . I made a mistake . I put the mission at risk . You put our lives at risk . Well , if we don 't make it out ... someone 's bound to come looking for us in a few hundred years . Diffusing a tense situation with humor ... remember ? Voyager to Delta Flyer . They 're using a probe as a transmission relay . Voyager to Chakotay , please respond . We can 't detect you . Captain , we can hear you . I 'm matching their frequency . Voyager , this is the Delta Flyer . Respond . Are you all right ? What 's your status ? We 've sustained heavy damage , Captain , but we 're alive . It 's good to hear your voice . We could install the same shielding on a class - 2 shuttle , and take it in . It took us hours to make the modifications to the Flyer . We 've only got 82 minutes before this thing disappears into subspace . It may be possible to modify a tractor beam to cut through the gravimetric interference . You 'll never be able to get it all the way to the core . Start working on it anyway . You said all the energy conduits are fused ? Correct . We can 't get power to any of the primary systems . If the replicators were working , we could whip up a new plasma manifold and be on our way . What if I could get you an old manifold ? Excuse me ? The command module may be three centuries old , but the power distribution system isn 't that different from the Flyer 's . Right here . This control panel in the main cockpit - - it was called an ion distributor . With a few tweaks , it could be modified to channel warp plasma . Even if it were possible , we 'd have to obtain the object before we can adapt it . Do you have enough power to beam one of you to the module ? Yes , ma 'am. I 'll go . Not so fast , Tom . If another gravimetric surge hits , we 'll need you at the helm . Seven ? Are you encouraging me to volunteer again , Captain ? You read my mind . Come on . Just a little closer . That 's it for thrusters , but I got us within transporter range . Ready ? Stand by . Ironic . You 're doing what I 've always dreamt of . Remember , when you set foot in that module , you 'll be stepping into history . History is irrelevant . irrelevant ? Do me a favor . When you 're over there , download whatever you can from their database and also , take a minute to look around ... so you can tell us what it was like . There may not be time ... but I 'll try . Good luck . What 's it like in there ? Dark . The ambient temperature is minus 260 degrees . There appear to be fractures in the aft bulkheads . is the cockpit intact ? Yes . I 've brought the main computer on line . I 've lost contact with the team on the surface , and I can 't get a fix on my position . What was that ? There 's an active data file . It appears to contain log entries . Can you play them for us ? I believe so . Consider it my last request . ... and I can 't get a fix on my position , but I 'm alive , and the CM seems to be intact . I 'm inside this whatever it is . Could you hear that , Chakotay ? It 's amazing . Everyone assumed he was killed instantly . ... what I 've gotten myself into . It 's very calm , like I 'm in the eye of a hurricane . It 's a little spooky . The way I figure it , if there 's a way in , there 's got to be a way out . I 'm going to fire up the transpectral imager before I initiate another engine burn collect as much data as I can . Jeannie , I may not be bringing you back a Mars rock , but I promise you , I 'm going to do everything I can to get home . Ares iv Mission Record , October 23 . I 'm starting to feel like Jonah . How long was he in the belly of that whale ? Three days ? I got him beat by a day or two already . The EM interference is disrupting communications and lidar , and I can 't see the stars , so there 's no way I can get a fix on my position . If this thing 's moving as fast as it was when it pulled me in , I could be a long way from Mars by now . The imager 's been working overtime cataloguing all the matter in here , but a lot of it defies analysis . I think we 're going to need to make room on the periodic table . Where the hell am I ? Power levels have dropped another 15 percent since my last systems check . I ... I think I just saw another spacecraft . Either that ... or all this dehydrated food has gone to my head . I got it . The hull 's made of some kind of alloy . I can 't make heads or tails of it . I shouldn 't have been so dismissive . I remember giving Kumagawa a hard time when she claimed she saw a UFO over the Gulf . I told her it was a meteor or another piece of Muir . I guess I owe you an apology , Rose . Ares iv Mission Record , October 25 . This has been a nice place to visit , but I 'm ready to come home . I 've prepped the ion drive , channeled all the power from the thruster reserves into the main tank . I have enough fuel for one last engine burn . Wish me luck . Ignition sequence . Five , four , three , two ... I 'm losing pitch control . Gyros aren 't responding . Power failure . I 've got to abort . I 'm not going to make it ! All systems go . Watch me , Dad . I 'm flying . Bad landing . Call the MedEvac team . Paris to Seven . Status ? I 've located the device , but it 's fused to the hull . Stand by . Make it quick . We 've got less than 15 minutes . Understood . All systems go . Watch me , Dad. I 'm flying . Bad landing . Call the MedEvac team . John Kelly 's first flight ... not exactly A - okay . Remember that , Dad ? I jumped off the roof with a parachute made out of blankets . I guess I didn 't calculate the aerodynamics . Of course ... I was only six . I guess this is John Kelly 's last flight . This time I can 't blame it on pilot error . This time ... no regrets . What I 've seen ... proves ... we were right to come out here . We 're not alone . I know that now . The module 's losing power . I 'm taking life support off - line . Rerouting whatever 's left to the imager . Keep it running ... as long as possible . Mission control ... Dad ... whoever finds this ... do me a favor . Take all the data I 've collected ... put it to good use . I hope you don 't look at this as a failure . I don 't . Actually ... I do have one regret . I never found out ... who won the World Series . I 'm tired . I can 't ... Paris to Seven . How 's it going over there ? I have the distributor . I 'm downloading Lieutenant Kelly 's database . Hurry , we 're running out of time . Lock onto my bio - signature and my combadge . Seven ? Energize . Delta Flyer , report . We 're trying to integrate the distributor . Stand by , Captain . How long do they have ? Four minutes . Try bypassing the power couplings . No effect . Resequence the ion modulators ; see if that does it . Power conversion in progress . We have propulsion , shields . The plasma flow is still fluctuating . Stay on top of it . Paris to Voyager . Go ahead . Open the Shuttle Bay doors ; we 're coming home . Acknowledged . Laying in an escape trajectory . The ellipse is returning to subspace . The Flyer . They 're approaching the perimeter ... 2,000 meters ... 1,800 . The anomaly 's submerging . Are we in tractor range ? Not yet . Take us closer . Captain ? Do it . They are still out of reach . Another 300 meters . Closer . We 'll be pulled right in with them . Just a few more meters . We 're too close ! I 've got a lock . Reverse thrusters , full impulse . Captain 's Log , Stardate 53301.2 . The away team collected over 60 teraquads of data on the anomaly . Before we begin to analyze them , we 've decided to pay our respects to an old colleague . Space ... literally , it means " nothing " ... a vacuum between stars and planets . But by the same token , it means everything . It 's what connects all our worlds - - Vulcan , Qo 'noS , Talax , Earth . Centuries ago , mankind sent its first wave of explorers into that void . Astronauts like Mr. Kelly . They paved the way for the first colonies , the first starships . For those of us who 've made space our home , We commend the spirit and the bravery of Lieutenant John Mark Kelly as we commit his body ... to space . He will not be forgotten . Captain ... I did not know this individual . Had I encountered him while I was a Borg , I would have found his technology unworthy of assimilation ... but we are more alike than one might think . In a sense , his desire to explore was not unlike a quest for perfection . His contribution helped secure humanity 's future , and in some ways , my own . The Yankees ... in six games . All hands , attention . Honor guard .
