 [ Thing ] Ta-ti-di-um ! Presentin ' the Four Freedoms Plaza , the new home of the Fantastic Four ! Man , Ben , that cake 's big enough to move into ! I 'm sure we can store most of it in the freezer . Or the garage . Yeah , the bakery had a slight problem deciphering Ben 's order . Hey , inches , feet , ounces , pounds . Anybody could 've made the same mistake . Who wants the first slice ? Hey ! Relax , there 's plenty for everyone ! Earthquake ! Whoa ! Whoa ! Fortunately , I designed our building to withstand a seismic shock of 9.5 . Whoa , check this ! Floods in Spain . Hurricanes in Tahiti . Fires , volcanic eruptions . Yeah , and while you 're yakking ' , the whole city 's crackin ' . Ben , that overpass , it 's going to collapse ! If we can just get there in time ! Come on , Susie . To Benjamin J. Grimm , the ever-lovin ' Thing , " if " is a four-letter word . Help ! Someone help me ! I can 't stretch any further ! Grab my hand ! Thanks , Iron Man . If you and the Avengers could continue your rescue operations , we 'll return to Four Freedoms Plaza to find out why all this is happening . My tachyon radar indicates that the sky fire is being generated by an object penetrating our atmosphere at enormous speed ! Just where 's this object headed , Reed ? Whoa . Whoa ... Ow ! Gee whiz ! Ben , look ! That 's the hammer of Thor , the thunder god ! What 's the matter ? Can 't that long-haired , lantern-jawed lummox ever knock ? Gotcha . Whoa ! Hurry , to the ship ! That hammer always returns to Thor ! It 's obviously a summons from the God of Thunder himself ! Follow its energy trail , Ben . Not to worry . Aunt Petunia 's favorite blue-eyed nephew ain 't never lost a hammer yet . Dead ahead ! It 's Thor ! [ Thing ] Oh , goody . Where 'd I put my autograph book ? Can you believe it ? Somebody trashed his tush and he still looks pretty as a picture ! Get ready ! My force-field bubble will pull him in . Who or what could possibly do this to the God of Thunder , the most powerful being on Earth ? Most powerful ? Hey , when did I become Wimp of the Year ? - Uh , April . - What ? Hey ... Reed , what kinda chance do we have against anything that could rough up Thor like this ? Well , for once , Johnny , I don 't have an answer . [ Reed ] Instruments are showing something ahead , Ben . [ disembodied voice ] Creatures of the third planet , heed me ! - Huh , check , please . - I am Ego , the living planet ! [ Ego ] Feel my wrath ! Pull it up , Ben ! What do you think I 'm trying to do ? Win the Pillsbury bake-off ? - [ Reed ] Can you land us , Ben ? - Yeah , I 'll keep her upright . If you 'll step outside and pave me a landing ' strip ! There 's oxygen down there . Let me go , Sis ! Flame on ! One runway for the orange gentleman in the blue diaper comin ' right up ! Welcome to Ego International Airport ! Sorry , but your luggage has been eaten . Ah , this is no time for levity , Johnny . Once Ego pinpoints our position ... Reed , what 's that ? It looks like an enormous city ! That 's no city . It 's some kind of an array of thruster rockets . They must be Ego 's means of propulsión ! If we knock out those thrusters , it might stop Ego 's progress towards Earth ! Great ! Knockin ' things out is my middle name . Hey ! It 's Ego ! He 's located us , and he 's ... [ muffled ] [ Ego ] Across the boundless reaches of the cosmos , I have tracked my sworn enemy ! Now , for his transgressions , I shall destroy your world and all its populace ! Flame on ! Hitch a ride , Sis . Yuk ! - What a revoltin ' development . - Fear not , Benjamin Grimm ! Thy plight hast caught the eye of Thor , son of Odin ! Son of Odin , eh ? Thou has ticked off Ben Grimm , son of Mr. and Mrs. Grimm ! Now , when I need your help , Goldilocks , I 'll leave a message at the beauty parlor ! We 're grateful for your intervention , Thor . 'Tis Thor who owes a debt to thee , Reed Richards . Time doth grow short . We must converse . I knew not this creature until mine enchanted hammer , Mjolnir , detected Ego 's presence with the first storm wind . Using the Uru hammer 's power , I did unlock a portal to the very depths of space . And there came I face to face with Ego , the living planet . I learned of his mad plan to destroy Earth and engaged him in battle ! But how does one , even a god , battle a planet entire ? I was defeated . 'Twas then , with the last of my strength , I summoned thee ! Perhaps where the might of the gods hath failed , the power of reason and intellect may prevail ! You shall never prevail against Ego ! Whoa ! This ain 't lookin ' pretty ! [ splutters ] Don 't you ever get a coffee break in this blasted superhero business ? Hot dog ! Somethin ' to clobber . Heh , heh . One little , two little , three little mud guys . Four little , five little , six little mud guys . Head for the thrusters ! Johnny , lay down a barricade of flame behind us . These are sidereal thruster rockets , all right , but on a scale I 'd have thought impossible . And yet the technology seems oddly familiar . Well , I say we turn ' em into scrap metal and halt this pain-in-the-neck planet right in its loudmouth tracks . Thor echoes thy sentiment ! Ow ! Gee . By Odin ! This metal resists even the blows of mine enchanted hammer . Ain 't done wonders for my manicure , neither . Apparently , part of the thrusters ' power is used to shield them from direct assault . I 'm afraid there 's only one being with the power to destroy these engines . And that 's the one who put them here , Galactus . - Reed ! You can 't be serious ! - Never more so , darling . The devourer of worlds is well known e 'en on distant Asgard . Yeah , he knows us , too , and we ain 't exactly on his Christmas card list . Since his last attack on Earth , I 've been monitoring Galactus' movements on sub-space radar . Thor , if I provide coordinates , can you take us to him ? Mjolnir 's magic can protect myself and one other on such a journey ! Will thou face the devourer alone , Reed Richards , with only the Mighty Thor at thy side ? I 'll do whatever I must . Johnny , you fly Ben and Sue back to the ship . You can all join me when I return with Galactus . Ben , remove these lower power packs , the auxiliary units . It 'll slow Ego 's progress and buy us some time . But handle them with kid gloves . They 're highly explosive . Explosive , huh ? Oh , yeah . Darling , please be careful . Stand thee back , all , whilst mighty Mjolnir doth open a portal through the very fabric of space . But what if Galactus refuses to help ? We have to do something . You got my vote in your back pocket , Susie . Now if Stretcho says I can rip out a few of these things , who am I to argue ? Look out ! They 've mutated . The fire 's not holding them back . Grab hold . I 'll fly us out of here . No ! Ben , grab that power pack and follow me . - I have an idea ! - " I have an idea . " The four scariest words in the English language . - Johnny ! Follow us ! - Where to ? Down . Not again ! [ Reed ] Galactus has fed on yet another world . And you would seek alliance with such a villain ? We 've no choice , Thor . Cringe before me . I am Terrax the Tamer , now herald to Galactus , devourer of worlds . He awaits within . Reed Richards . You have come where you are unwelcome . Your hour is struck . Your final page is writ . Threaten us not , villain ! Thor hath brought giants larger than Galactus to their knees . Wait ! Galactus , hear me . I come not to challenge you , but to ask your help . And why should Galactus involve himself in any petty mortal affairs ? Because you 're the reason Earth faces total destruction . [ groaning ] I feel like I been flushed . Susie , this brilliant idea of yours better include a medical plan with a real low deductible . Hazard pay would be nice too , Ben . But look , if we can locate the center of Ego 's consciousness , the explosive energy of that power pack might be enough to destroy him . That sounds like a suicide missión , Sis . What choice do we have ? With every passing second , Ego gets closer to Earth . And if Reed fails to convince Galactus , then Alicia , Crystal , the entire Earth , will perish . - That does it . - Ben ! Where are you going ? Where else ? To blow Ego 's mind . So Ego is rushing toward Earth , using the thrusters only you could have attached to his body . No ! The all-mighty Galactus cannot be bothered with the fate of fleas ! Enough , herald . As you surmised , in all the universe , only Ego 's power has challenged my own . It was when the mad planet threatened to destroy this galaxy , my galaxy , that I did battle him . But to no avail . His powers were equal to mine . Ultimately I attached the thrusters , and bid them exile Ego into the vast void of interstellar space . Then the rest is obvious . Ego must have somehow gained control of the thrusters and used them to come after you , following the trail of dead planets all the way to Earth . Finding Earth teeming with life , he no doubt assumed you were a friend to our planet and thus spared it . And therefore , Ego determined to draw my master out by destroying your worthless world . - How fitting . - Enough talk . Undo the harm thou hast done or face the wrath of the God of Thunder . Galactus shall help , not because of your laughable threat , but on his own condition . Reed Richards , I shall aid you in vanquishing Ego , provided you release me from the vow you once extracted from me , to spare your planet called Earth . By Odin 's beard ! He would trade us one death for another ! An immediate threat for a distant one . We have no choice . Offer accepted . [ Sue pants ] Sis ... I can 't go on . The air pressure . I feel it , too . Don 't know how much deeper I can go . You ain 't goin ' nowhere . This is where you guys get off . Ben , this is no time to play John Wayne . No , Johnny . Ben 's right . He 's the only one who stands a chance . That flash , it 's Reed and Galactus . We 'd better alert them that Ben 's still down there . Reed , come in . Reed . The communicator 's dead ! It must 've been damaged when we crash-landed ! Well , Galactus ... Guess who 's coming to dinner . There 's our ship . Good , they made it back to safety . Galactus ! At last my quest is done . My vengeance is at hand . Let this then be your end . This time , the triumph shall be mine ! You mouth madness . You are but a simple being . I am an entire world ! Your words are true , but in all of space , I stand alone . I am Galactus ! The be-all and end-all of the universe ! By Heimdal 's eyes ! The villainous titans are too evenly matched . Thor ! Come with me ! Pressure 's even gettin ' to me . But I can 't stop ! I have to keep movin or I 'll never get goin ' again . Now , that 's what I call a brain . And I thought ol ' Stretch had all the marbles ! By altering the circuits of your dimensional generator , I can channel the mystical energy of Thor 's Uru hammer - into your own cosmic power . - Ah ! 'Twill make the mightiest weapon the universe hath ever known ! Then let it be done . Galactus stands ready . Oh , my gosh ! Galactus is trying to blow up the planet with Ben still inside ! We 've got to reach Reed and stop it . I 'm trying ! Those blasts aren 't helping . Here 's the wind-up and the pitch ! Strike ! [ yells ] [ yells ] [ Ego yells ] - Reed ! Thor ! It 's Ben ! - He 's in the center of Ego . Mjolnir shall fly me to his side ! - He 's coming around , Reed . - Tough day on the job , big guy ? Jeez , Louise . Anybody get the number of that planet ? Only your rock-hard hide saved you from explosive decompressión , Ben . Yeah . That , and holdin ' my breath . Y 'know , if Thor hadn 't dragged your orange buns outta there , you 'd have been space krispies . Oh , no . Come on , you 're kidding ? You mean I owe my life to the Fabio of the fjords ? 'Twas Thor 's privilege , Benjamin Grimm , to rescue one as noble as thee . Yeah , well , don 't let it go to thy bleached-blond noggin . Galactus bids you farewell , Reed Richards , but remember , a bargain has been struck . You have released me from my vow to spare your planet . I hunger not at this moment ... but perhaps another day . Yes . Another day .
