 [ woman ] The story so far . After the Fantastic Four vanquished the Wizard and his band of villains , their strangest member , Medusa , asks Johnny Storm to save her from the creature called Gorgon . When Gorgon kidnaps Medusa , Johnny follows them to a family of otherworldly creatures , known as The Inhumans . Reunited , the Fantastic Four faced not only the might of the Inhumans , but also their leader , Black Bolt , whose strength is greater than even The Thing 's . And now the conclusión of The Inhuman Saga . [ buzzing ] Gangway , kiddies . Incredible ! That antennae device on Black Bolt 's head seems to absorb energy from the electrons around him , converting it to raw power . Try converting ' that mouthful to raw English , Mr. Wizard . Don 't look now but here comes the Inhuman cavalry . Let 's see how lead-foot likes a hot foot . You got some hot moves , Karnak , but mine are smokin ' ! - Johnny ! - Crystal ! Your friend must stop , Johnny . Black Bolt cannot be defeated . Don 't worry , Crystal , it ain 't over till the fat Thing sings . Let me show you how a pro does it , Benjy . - Johnny ! - Chill ! I can handle this ... Black Bolt 's power , it 's too great . Johnny ! - Crystal 's got him , Sue . - Oh ... Black Bolt temporarily extinguished the electrons in his flame . And I am going to extinguish you humans . You must be destroyed . This man will reveal our location to the Seeker . The Seeker ? I don 't know what you 're talking about but I can 't let you ... His cowl , it 's a sealed moisture bag . You 've discovered my secret , human . [ gasps ] Must reach the water . What ? Any ideas , darling ? I can 't keep this up indefinitely . These Inhumans seem more governed by fear than anger . - Ben ! Stop fighting ! - Yeah , sure thing ! Just as soon as I land one good haymaker . Besides , Buttercup here ain 't saying diddly . Would it really hurt you to speak up ? Just a belch or something . Pray that Black Bolt doesn 't speak . His merest whisper could destroy half your city ! Maybe he just needs a breath mint , lady , or some strong , silent clobberin ' . Black Bolt , use the master blow . Master blow , I 'll blow ... No living being could remain standing after that . Strike again , Black Bolt ! No , Black Bolt 's electron charge is depleted . Ben , are you okay ? Yeah , that guy , he tried to kill me . Wait , Ben . He only did it out of fear . I 'll show him fear . Black Bolt needs the pure air of the Great Refuge to recover . - We must go now . - No , I want to stay here . Maximus now rules the Great Refuge . Maximus the Mad ? But Black Bolt is king of Attilan . No longer . When Maximus erased your memory and sent you into the human world , he knew Black Bolt would follow , abandoning his kingdom to search for you . Allowing Mad Maximus to seize the throne of Attilan . But why ? Why did he risk all for me ? Do you not know , dear cousin ? Because he loves you . But I never dared hope he might love me the way I ... Oh , Crystal ? - What 's goin ' on ? - Lockjaw ? He senses the Seeker close by . We 've been found . Black Bolt cannot help us now . We must go quickly . - Crystal ! - No ! Johnny , I want to stay here with you ! - To live as you do . - No , my sister . We are family , we must always be with our own kind . - Johnny ! - Crystal ! No , they 're about to vanish ! Flame on ! - Torch ! - Reed ! Johnny Storm ! I don 't want to leave you ! Crystal ! Wait for me . Crystal , I ... - [ gasps ] Johnny ! - Now where did they go ? Catching the tail end of Lockjaw 's vanishing act must 've dumped me away from the others . Just hope Crystal and I are in the same time zone . [ hissing ] Johnny ! Gorgon 's tremors ruptured a gas main ! What happened ? Why ain 't we fantasti-fried ? I don 't know but unless I miss my guess , we 've been saved by the one the Inhumans called the Seeker . Your assumption is correct , human . Though my orders are strictly to return the Inhumans to Attilan , I saw no reason to let you perish . Now that the danger is passed , you are free . Free ! I want to remain free ! Free to explore the waterways of the human world . Black Bolt allowed me to . Black Bolt is no longer king , Triton . Maximus rules now and all must bow to his will . Your technology is light years ahead of anything we have . What planet do you come from ? Why do humans always presume they are the only intelligent life Earth has spawned ? We Inhumans diverged from mainstream humanity eons ago , as a result of genetic experimentation performed by the Cree , an interstellar race of aliens . While humans still cowered in caves , we Inhumans created an advanced , highly civilized society . Later , our scientists isolated the catalyst for human mutation . A substance called the teragin mist , deadly poisonous to normal humans , but to the Inhumans , the source of all their super-power . But as the centuries passed , ordinary humans multiplied more rapidly and grew to fear and hate the Inhumans . Our ancestors eventually built the Great Refuge to safeguard their supreme species . Fascinating , but where is the Great Refuge ? That , you shall never know . Destiny has placed humans and Inhumans in separate worlds and so must they remain . Be grateful we are a peaceful culture or I might 've chosen to destroy you instead of saving you . Congratulations , Mr. Big Brain , now we know everything about them Inhumans except where they stashed Torchy . I had to keep the Seeker talking , Ben , to give me time to place a homing device on his ship . Oh , Reed , at times like this , I remember why I married you . Gee whiz . Like we have time for this . Oh , Lockjaw . I 'll never be happy to remain here in Attilan . Not without Johnny . Be thankful you 're out of his foul world , child . Yes , already the pure air of the Great Refuge has restored most of Black Bolt 's strength . But what of Maximus ? He is king . Now the royal family 's reunited , we will face Maximus together . We need not fear , Medusa , Black Bolt is here to protect us . " Black Bolt is here to protect us ! " So , my prodigal brother has returned . Along with the lovely Medusa 's memory . Ha ! Just as well . I 'd prefer all her faculties intact when I make her my bride . King Maximus , I have returned with Triton . Excellent ! The entire royal family will then be able to witness the power of my atmo-gun . Using its powerful atmosphere processor , I , Maximus the Glorious , shall cloak the world in teragin mist , poison all humans and conquer the world . - Sire . - Hmm ? Black Bolt and the others are on their way to the throne room . Release the Alpha Primitives . But , sire , the Alpha Primitives fight to the death . Black Bolt is still your brother . Well , then , I 'm about to become an only child . [ roaring ] - Stay behind me , sister . - But I can help too ! Crystal , no ! You haven 't fully mastered your elemental powers ! Oh , no . I 'm sorry . A king really shouldn 't allow his future queen to be rended limb from limb . Ha , ha , ha ! I have crafted this so very well indeed . The Inhuman powers of my cousins are useless against my supreme genius . - No ! - Crystal ! No ! - [ Primitives roar ] - [ Crystal ] No ! Crystal ! Flame On ! [ Crystal ] No ! My heat . Johnny ! Oh , Johnny ... Hey , easy , I can be too hot to handle . You saved me . You came back for me . Well , that 's my job . Ha , ha , well , we 're closin ' in , kiddies . Sue , it might be wise to cloak us with invisibility until we land . The Inhumans aren 't overly fond of strangers . Yeah , my black-and-blue orange butt can testify to that . I 'm picking up Johnny 's signal now . That must be Attilan . It is ever so good to see you , dearest brother . Especially after your long , harrowing exile and today 's unfortunate accident with the Alpha Primitives . You were responsible for both incidents , Maximus . Me ? Oh ... Be careful , dear cousin , those are serious charges to level against your king . They might even be considered by some as treason . But then so is bringing a human into the Great Refuge . He can never be permitted to leave , of course . Is that supposed to be some kind of a punishment ? What about Triton ? You had the Seeker kidnap him . Oh , nonsense , my dear , he 's safe here . Safe from the foul , polluted waters of the human world . You 're all safe here in the Great Refuge , where every Inhuman belongs . One big happy family . Ha , ha , ha ! And what makes me happiest is my impending marriage to my beautiful cousin , Medusa . - No ! - Ah , but I 'm the king . And our wedding is my royal decree . What 's with you guys ? You 're not gonna let her marry this creep ? Alas , he now wears the crown of Attilan . Black Bolt . This is treason . My loyal Inhumans , cut him down . Now , this is more like it . Black Bolt and I are gonna clean house . Flame on ! Why didn 't you just whack that weed man ? Black Bolt would never harm an Inhuman . Even those foolish enough to follow Maximus . Johnny 's somewhere in there . Flame on ! Well , there 's a sight to warm my heart . Looks like the party 's heatin ' up , matchhead . Which ones are the good guys ? Just clobber any Inhuman you don 't recognize . Music to my orange ears . What ? My love . My king . Black Bolt is grateful . He will allow you humans to depart now on the condition you vow not to reveal what you have seen . Ha , ha , ha . Allowing humans to leave the Great Refuge ? Oh , and they call me mad . With one master stroke , I shall doom humankind , allowing the Inhumans to inherent the Earth , as is our ultimate destiny . No , Maximus , your ambition will destroy us all ! - [ gasps ] - Ha , ha , ha ! Too late , Triton . Look , the Inhumans cannot stay in hiding for ever , Black Bolt . Sooner or later , you must learn to trust ... [ rumbling ] Someone is tampering with the atmosphere . Sue , over there ! [ Maximus ] Ha , ha , ha ! You 're too late , Black Bolt , the entire human world has been destroyed ... [ gasping ] Triton , he 's dying . - I can provide water if you ... - I understand , Crystal . You may have saved him but my atmo-gun has destroyed all the humans in the ... What ? It can 't be ! The humans are still alive ! Of course we are . Don 't you understand ? Inhumans and humans are not different races . We just evolved differently . We 're really cousins , not strangers . Your weapon , designed to destroy only humans , was doomed to fail from the start . King Black Bolt wants me to convey his deepest hope that one day Inhumans shall rejoin the human race . No , Inhumans shall never rejoin the lowly humans , never ! By reversing the ionic charge , I can create a negative barrier . Ha , ha , ha ! To keep you prisoners of the Great Refuge for ever ! Ha , ha , ha ! Sue , throw your force field around us . The negative barrier is solidifying . - But where 's my brother ? - I see him . Come on , kid , say goodbye . We 're outta here . Not without Crystal , I won 't go ... - Johnny ! Don 't leave me ! - Crystal ! Your place is here with us . Ben , hurry , I can 't hold the force field much longer ! - I hate to do this , kid . - Crystal ! Johnny ! It felt like solid steel . But infinitely stronger . Nothing yet known to science can penetrate a negative barrier . Crystal ! - I 'm sorry , Johnny . - No ! Crystal ! No , no , no , no ! I 'll never see Crystal again . Hey , easy , easy , hot shot . Or hear her voice or touch her hand . Nothing 's impossible , right , Professor ? Then it really is hopeless . I 'll never forget you , Crystal . I swear it . Johnny ! No ! Come back . Poor kid . I 'd feel like a pile of orange mush if I ever lost Alicia . There 's gotta be a way to crack that oversized eggshell . If anyone can get those two lovebirds back together again , Strecho can .
