 Then this is San Francisco ? Yes , but is it our San Francisco ? 72 hours and change . Plenty of time to find out . Home or not , I really enjoy the vibe here . People kissing like there 's no tomorrow . When was the last time you kissed someone ? Wouldn 't you like to know ? Come along , Mr. Mallory . Behave . ( helicopter whirrs , glass shatters ) $ 17 for an apple ? What is this place , " Inflation World " ? - I don 't think so . - ( sirens blaring ) - Where 's everybody going ? - Man : Come back ! ( crashing , alarm bell rings ) Mister , I got enough problems here . I wouldn 't do that . Or you 'll what ? What are you gonna do about it ? You 're not even worth the paperwork . How many times do you get a chance to do that in your life ? Excuse me , sir , could you tell us what is going on ? Mr. Moon : What 's going on is the biggest sale in the history of discount electronics . Now , how about a nice big-screen TV to monitor events as they happen from around the world ? News anchor : In related news , residents along the West Coast continue to hit the highways today , clogging major arteries in a frantic attempt to reach higher ground , And in San Francisco , the Union of Concerned Scientists , led by Dr. Lee Antonovich , met to consider last-minute solutions to the matter at hand . What 's going on ? Yeah , what 's everybody expecting to happen ? You people just crawl out from under a rock ? - The asteroid 's coming . - Asteroid ? Yeah . It 's the end of the world . We 've known for months . When does it arrive ? What time , exactly ? Friday , 6 : 20 in the evening . Pacific Standard Time . - That 's two days ' time . - How long are we here ? ( beeping ) Three days . Quinn : What if you could find brand new worlds right here on Earth , where anything is possible ? Same planet , different dimension . I found the gateway . ( theme music plays ) - Rembrandt : Dagnabit , that does it ! Shoot ! - All right , calm down . Rembrandt : What do you mean , " Calm down " ? I 'm not ready to die ! Who is ? You miss the point , girl . The fact that I will never bless this world with another hit single is bad enough , but to think " The Crying Man " might be taken out by a passing comet ? Not a comet , an asteroid . You , I don 't even want to talk to ! Come back ! Rembrandt ! Now is not the time to split up . He is the reason we 're in this mess . We 'll figure something out , but we have to stick together . How , Quinn ? Huh ? How are you going to figure it out ? Good question . ( sighs ) No hard feelings . I just need some time to myself . Try to figure out what I 'm going to do . All right , let him go . We 'll reconvene here Friday night , 5 : 00 . Rembrandt , are you going to be here ? Yeah , yeah , yeah . Whatever . I can 't say I blame him at all . - Quinn : Now what ? - I don 't know about you , but we should try and find our families . Wade , we don 't even know if they exist here . Well , we should try . I have no idea what the scientists of this world are doing to solve the problem . Maybe we can give them a hand . News anchor : ... safest place on Earth once the asteroid hits . This set off a massive attempt ... All right , cut along with Miss Wells . Are you sure you 're okay with this ? Thank you . Here 's my address . This is where we 'll be . Otherwise we 'll meet back here on Friday . At least ... we 'll be able to spend our last few hours together . Professor : Until then . Mr. Moon , is your computer on the internet ? It 'll cost you . ( camera shutter clicks ) Man : The object known as " 2956 Yeoman " is 10.36 miles in diameter , traveling at a speed of 43,000 miles per hour on an unalterable collision course with the westernmost portion of the United States . ( crowd murmurs , camera shutter clicks ) Contrary to some of the blandishments being issued by our government , the asteroid will not bypass the Earth . It cannot be brought down by missiles , and it will not shatter into smaller meteors when it enters the atmosphere . 2956 Yeoman ... is coming . And it is significantly larger than the asteroid that struck the Yucatan 65 million years ago , to which we attribute the extinction of the dinosaurs . - What about nuclear weapons ? - Guard : Hey , you , come on ! Get back , man ! Bennish ? We got to try the atomic bomb ! It 's our only chance . Einstein made a mistake ! You are the only physicist in the world who believes that . Einstein , Fermi and Oppenheimer explained their failures with the adiabiatic theory . There isn 't enough fissionable material available in nature . Re-read my analysis , Dr. Antonovich . The detonator was misaligned . - Let me go ! - Take it easy . When you have a credible theory we will listen to you . The end of the world 's on your head , man ! It 's on you ! It 's on you ! You bystander ! Ladies and gentlemen , please . Bennish : Damn . Can I help you ? Don 't touch my stuff ! ( chuckles ) No matter how far I travel , Mr. Bennish , you are always a thorn in my flesh . And who are you , anyway ? Let 's just call me a fellow scientist . Did I understand this debate correctly ? The Trinity Program ... the first test of a nuclear device , was a failure ? Not much of a scientist if you don 't know that . And Einstein attributed this failure to the fact that there was not enough uranium in the world to build a successful bomb ? Right ... " The adiabatic limit . " And thus the world was spared . - Brilliant . - Uh-uh . Bogus . That 's what I 've been trying to say . Can I have a look at that ? What for ? Because , Mr. Bennish , I believe that you are a genius . ( sirens wailing , helicopter whirrs ) Man on P. A : Attention , attention . 52 hours to impact . Attention , attention . 52 hours to impact . Can I help you , son ? I haven 't been inside a church in quite a while . - No time like the present . - Yeah , I was ... I was just thinking that we might be meeting our end soon , I 'm a long way from home . I was hoping you might have some answers . Providing answers is a tall order . What I tell my parishioners is , live these last few days to their fullest potential . God loves you , son , count on that . Yeah , I hope you 're right . If not , I 'll find out soon enough . You say you 're a long way from home . Perhaps we can provide the community that you seek . ( laughing ) Church work ? ( laughing ) Oh , God . Helping others is the first step towards helping yourself . Well , thanks , Rev , but I don 't think that 's for me . Not with these being the last hours and all . I ... sort of need to kick out the jams , you know ? ( chuckles ) I understand . Woman : Go ahead , son . Okay . Hi , Justin . It 's all here . See ? Einstein 's letter to Roosevelt in 1944 saying the bomb was impossible . How did you get hold of this incredible archive ? I told you , dude , I 'm a doctoral candidate . I know more about Einstein than Mrs. Einstein . I 've even got the prototype . You 've got the prototype of the ... Here ? In San Francisco ? Ready , willing and able . - Fat Boy . - I beg your pardon ? " Fat Boy . " The name of the bomb is " Fat Boy . " The name of the bomb was " Fat Man , " you blistering idiot . The schematics seemed to track until I got my hands on the real deal and opened up the housing . Do you mean to say they actually allowed you to touch the bomb ? Yeah , sure . Sort of . It 's a museum piece to them , gathering dust with a sign on it that said , " Einstein 's Folly . " Mr. Bennish , appalling as this thought may be , you and I are going to be spending a lot of time together . No way , chief . I got a girlfriend . Don 't be an idiot ! You and I are going to make an atom bomb . ( shouting , chatter , helicopter whirrs ) ( police radio chatter ) What are you looking at ? What , you couldn 't wait until tomorrow , man ? - You 're going to die anyway . - I didn 't see you . Hey , Jimmy , get her a size seven , huh ? Driver : You like , huh ? We plucked her right out of the emergency room , man . She 's got all the tranquilizers you can eat ! ( alarm bell ringing ) All sales are final ! ( laughs ) So ... where are you guys going ? End-of-the-world blowout on Nob Hill . The more the merrier ! You coming , man ? What 's the name , man ? Rembrandt . Okay , guys , let 's make room for Rembrandt . Whoo ! All right ! Let 's go ! ( bolt clicks ) The key 's under the mat . That 's a good sign . What if they come back ? They probably went down to Carmel to be with my grandparents . If my family doesn 't exist on this world , - what makes you think that yours does ? - There 's my picture . Oh , nice haircut . You know what this means ? If I live here ... Quinn : This place hasn 't been used in years . Maybe some of my equipment is still here , though . Let 's hope so . What ? Dinosaur stuff ? It 's not a complete inconsistency . I 've always been into paleontology . It 's here . The other Quinn 's a slider . They must 've slid off this Earth to get away from the asteroid . Maybe , but I can 't tell what he did or how far he got till I check out some of the equipment . Yeah , but there 's a chance ... ? It 's our only chance . Very interesting , Mr. Bennish . Very interesting . Bennish : You ain 't seen nothing yet . - My God . - Beauty , huh ? Roosevelt was hoping they could use it to blow up Japan . Second World War might 've ended five years earlier , saved a lot of lives . Mr. Bennish ... do you have any idea of the incredible destructive power that lies dormant under our fingertips ? Do we have the right to unleash the nuclear genie on an unsuspecting world ? Yeah , well , it 's not going to be a world if we don 't ... You are absolutely right . I have studied nuclear physics . I believe I have a solution . You are quite right about the detonator . We have to focus the shockwaves . Focus them ? Yes ... follow my reasoning . The explosives on the outer shell cannot produce a sufficient implosion to detonate the core . Why ? Because the shockwaves do not arrive simultaneously . Now , we create " lenses . " Bits of metal of differing densities to slow down the fast ones so they all arrive simultaneously . Of course , the densities of the metal and the shapes are quite critical . How are we going to do that ? Trial and error ? Oh , no , no . It 's all up here , Mr. Bennish . Now , we 're going to need aluminum , lead ... beryllium if they have some . Let 's see what else . The lens focuses the shockwaves sufficient to cause a chain reaction ... Whoa ! I beg your pardon ? Do you realize what you 've done ? At the moment , Mr. Bennish , we have done nothing . But I do believe that we have a chance of retrofitting this old brute , providing we can get the lenses made and act expeditiously . Unreal . We 'll ... we 'll share the patent , right ? ( chuckles ) Mr. Bennish , if we are successful , I 'm sure there will be enough credit to go around . And if we are not , there will not be another major lifeform on this planet for about 100 million years . - I trust you , dude . - You do , Mr. Bennish ? - Huh ! Awesome . - All right ! 411 ? ( loud music playing ) Hey , who 's place is this ? Who cares ? What 're you worried about , the resale value ? But people are packed in here like sardines . Hey , Remmy , lighten up , man . Eternity is forever . We got 24 hours left . I 'm gonna party with every girl in this joint . Having fun ? I am now . - Caroline Fontaine . - Rembrandt Brown . - Really ? Like the painter ? - No , like the singer . Look out ! ( screaming ) Man , he 's trashing the place . Don 't worry about it . It 's my house . - Hey , what 's up ? - This is Rembrandt . This is Adam , my husband . Hey , Rembrandt , welcome . Mi casa es su casa , right ? Whatever . Rembrandt was just about to ask me to dance . Yeah ? Well , she 's all yours , man . ( sighs ) ( sizzles ) - All I could find was aluminum foil . - That 'll do . How 's it going ? Getting there . Is there anything else that I can do ? Quinn ? What time is it ? It 's after 2 : 00 . You 've been working eight hours straight . Oh , come here . I got to show you something . ... incredible discovery today . I 'm closing in on an infiltration of the space-time continuum . Soon I may be able to voyage back through the centuries to the land of the allosaurus and the brachiothyx . Maybe even to the dawn of time itself . Could you imagine ? Basically the guy was heavy into the dinosaurs . He was working on time travel . We don 't want to go back in time , we want to go home . I don 't even think time travel 's possible . That 's not the point . If we can reconfigure the internals and then sync the timer to the new frequency , maybe there 'll be enough kick to accelerate us out of here . ( laughs ) What 's wrong ? We 've got 16 hours left . Has it ever occurred to you that maybe we could talk to one another ? Maybe discuss how we feel about all this ? You 're right . Just give me a half an hour and then I 'll take a break . Around the globe , the world braced for the apocalypse with an unprecedented show of peace and amity . In Belfast , Ireland , Catholics and Protestants - shared a morning of prayer . - ( kettle whistling ) Elsewhere , in Bosnia-Herzegovina , the six-month truce between Serbs and Muslims continued to hold . Not so in the occupied West Bank , however , where Israelis and Palestinians greeted the second-to-last day with renewed violence . Meanwhile , at the Vatican , doctors forced Pope John Paul II to rest after he delivered ... Here we go . ( engine whines ) ( buzzing ) No , no , no ! ( whining slows ) Quinn ? Are you okay ? Now what ? Quinn : It 's fried . It was our only chance . Wade : Don 't worry . We 'll be okay . You tried . You did everything you could . We wouldn 't be in this mess if I knew what the hell I was doing . I 'm the one that wanted to slide , remember ? Our little " spin around the universe " ? Quinn ... please sit down . ( sighs ) Hey , look at me . I have no regrets . Understand ? Yeah . Yeah , I miss my family , and of course I don 't want to die , but I have done more and seen more since we started sliding then I ever imagined possible . I don 't know , maybe I 'm crazy , but I really feel connected to all those other Wades out there . They 're all me . If I die here , at least I know they 're going to go on . ( loud metal music playing ) Will you shut up that bloody noise ? The fate of the entire world is in my hands and I feel as if I 've got guitars exploding in my head . Oh , sorry , man . Why don 't I put on something a little more mellow ? - ( loud guitars playing ) - ( screams ) ( music stops ) I could 've finished these calculations half an hour ago if I didn 't have to put up with this cacophonous wailing ! Yeah , well , you better pick up the pace , bro ' , 'cause that asteroid 's not going any slower . Well , it 's amazing I can actually add two to two with you in the same room , Mr. Bennish . You know , Max , I 've been thinking . If this thing really works and we live past tomorrow ... it opens up all kinds of possibilities . Nuclear cars , nuclear power plants . Electricity so cheap it 'll cost pennies a month . Yes , and what about nuclear waste , Bennish ? Put it in a rocket ... shoot it straight into the sun . Pow ! Oh , that 's a good one . Yes , the rocket fails , you dump thousands and thousands of pounds of radioactivity on the general population . So bury it or dump it in the ocean . What 's the big deal ? We 'll figure something out . Oh , I 'm sure you will , Bennish . I 'm sure you will . Who 's going to say no to us anyway , man ? We 've got the atom bomb . ( mimics whistling warhead ) ( mimics explosion ) - I got to whizz . - Again ? It 's all that cream soda , man . Man on P. A : Attention , attention . 26 hours to impact . Attention , attention . 26 hours to impact . ( music playing ) Oh , sugar-pie , honey bunch , you know that I love you Can 't help myself I love you and nobody else Oh , in and out my life You come and you go Leaving all your pictures behind me I 've kissed ' em a thousand times Yeah , when you call my name girl , it starts to flame Burnin ' in my heart , tearing ' it all apart No matter how I try , your love I cannot hide , baby . Rembrandt Brown ! - ( cheering ) - All right , everybody , there 's only 13 hours left , so let 's party ! There 's no tomorrow ! - Rembrandt : Hey , what 's going on ? - Jimmy : Party games . Hey , man , I hope that thing isn 't loaded . Just one in the chamber . And that 's the fun of it . Your turn , rich man . Oooh . - Adam , don 't . - Cool it , baby , cool it . But I 'm touched . Truly I am . I 'm very touched . Why don 't you do it for me ? Do it for us , baby . Do it for me . - I mean , I know you want to . - Don 't be ridiculous . Why ? We 're all going to die anyway . Come on , baby . What the hell do you think you 're doing ? What the hell is wrong with you , huh ? - She 's your wife . - So ? So what ? We 're in this game together , right ? Let 's go , Caroline , okay ? Let 's just leave here . ( laughs ) You 're welcome to her , man . You 're both losers . That 'd be mine . Well , don 't hurt yourself . Oh , I won 't . You have fun now . Maybe the dust cloud won 't be as bad as they think , or they miscalculated somehow . Don 't , okay ? I don 't want to spend my last few hours worrying about something I have no control over . You 're amazing . I never realized it . There 's a lot of things about me you never realized . Oh yeah ? What else ? Do you have any matches ? I 'll go check . Great . ( soft music playing ) If I had to do it over again ... I wouldn 't have been so impatient . I would 've waited till I knew more about what I was doing before I started sliding . Hmm . Part of me likes not being in control , just having to go with the experience . It 's like ... when I am in control I just ... I just can 't let go , you know ? It 's like I 'm always afraid to do what I want ... or say what I 'm really feeling . ( music volume increases ) Come on . And two . Oh-hh . Oh ! Oh , yeah . ( giggles ) This feels good . It does ? Dip . Oh ! - ( door opens ) - Professor : Ah ! There you are . You 've got to come at once . I need your help . Food ! I can 't remember when I last ate . Listen , I have just recreated the atom bomb with the help of your obnoxious friend Bennish . - Quinn : Bennish ? - Apparently in this world , the Manhattan Project was a hoax . - Einstein rigged the bomb so it wouldn 't explode . - What ? Couldn 't accept the moral responsibility . Frankly , I don 't blame him . Anyway , there are some inconsistencies in my calculations . I refuse to trust that metalhead Bennish with anything so important . You 're going to have to run backstop for me so the technicians can make the final adjustments - when they load the bomb onto the missile . - What missile ? The missile we 're about to launch against the asteroid . Ah . The head of the Union of Distinguished Scientists , Dr. Antonovich , has been in touch with his contacts at the Pentagon . We have a police escort . The first thing I want you to do is calculate an assumed deviation of 6 % on the asteroid . What would ... Mr. Mallory , do come on ! Man on P. A : Attention , attention . Four hours to impact . Attention , attention . Four hours to impact . Professor : ... developed an Atlas missile program to carry a massive payload . A consequence of having to deliver a very large tonnage of orthodox ... My God . Wade : It 's almost beautiful . News anchor : And at this hour the asteroid continues on its collision course with Earth . Meanwhile , in Times Square , crowds have gathered for the final countdown . The missile , a conventional ICBM with an experimental warhead , was the result of years of top-secret research conducted under the aegis of Dr. Lee Antonovich , a university professor and advisor to NASA . It was installed at the launchpad at Andrews Air Force Base at approximately 3 : 00 this afternoon . The warhead is enough of a wild card , Katie . It 's got to be timed precisely . A millisecond too early or too late and the bomb will fail . This is a real long shot . There it is . Incredible . Far out ! How 's it going ? Conrad Bennish , Jr , this is my friend and protégé , Quinn Mallory . Oh ... the " facts and figures guy . " All right . Hi , Wade Wells . Any friend of " Big Max " is good enough for me . She 's a stone fox , man . I say go for it . They mention my name yet ? Not yet . Anybody want a licorice ? Sure . Treasure it . Never mind . We 're going to save the world ... " Fat Boy " ! " Fat Boy , " in case you didn 't know , is the name of the bomb , in case you had other ideas . He 's the key to the world 's survival ? Genius comes in all sorts of shape and size , however galling that may be . I hope you know what you 're doing . You just gave Conrad Bennish the power to take over the world . No , I did not ... I retained one of the key schematics . The bomb will work , but Einstein 's secret is safe for the time being . - What time is it ? - A little after 5 : 30 . Where 's Rembrandt ? Probably decided he doesn 't want anything more to do with us . I 'm worried about him . He 's all alone on this world . Aren 't we all ? ( church organ playing faintly ) More soup . Ah , just in time . - How are you feeling ? - Oh , better , Reverend . This place kind of brings me back to my roots . It 's only by helping others that we learn to understand the meaning of personal salvation . Yeah . Yeah , you got that right . Rembrandt : Listen , Reverend , if it 's okay with you , I promised some friends of mine that I would spend the last minutes with them . - If you can spare me ? - Of course . Of course . You want to come ? Thanks for everything . You take care . Yeah . If you 'll just let me get that ? Excuse me . Thanks for everything . ( dog barking ) News anchor : The ignition sequence has begun . We can no longer make room for any adjustments . Any unanticipated delays ... E equals MC squared . It 's in the bag ! Mr. Bennish , if we survive , I promise you this ... I will dedicate my life to isolating the gene that makes you so obnoxious , and destroy it . ( laughs ) I love this guy . Reporter : ... end ignition . - ( door opens ) - Hey , hey ! Wade : Rembrandt ? Yeah , the " prodigal son " is back . Wade : We thought we 'd never see you again ! What are you talking about , girl ? I couldn 't face the end of the world without my friends . Huh ? How you doing , Q - ball ? Good to see you , Rembrandt . Arturo and Bennish built an atom bomb . They did what ? They 're firing it at the asteroid right now . - You mean we 've got a chance ? - Professor : Our only chance . News anchor : In a second or two , we will only be able to witness the blast flame of this rocket as it carries ... Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ! Nobel Prize , man ! - No hard feelings , huh ? - Come on . - Let 's do it . - Wade : Come on . I love you guys . I see it ! Right there ! Five , four ... three , two , one ! Uh-oh . Light travels at 186,000 miles a second , Mr. Bennish . ( rumbling ) ( whistling , cheers ) It worked . It worked ! What 'd I tell ya ? - ( all laughing ) - Bennish : What did I tell ya ? What did I tell ya ? ( fireworks exploding , cheering ) We did it ! We did it ! ( church bells ringing ) ( organ music playing ) It 's a beautiful morning , isn 't it ? Yes , it truly is . Caroline : Coffee 's in the back . News anchor : ... as a result of behind the scenes maneuvering , the young physicist , a graduate student at University of California , is an international hero today . Telegrams have been pouring in . Do we have that footage , Terry ? - ( reporters shouting ) - No comment . - ( shouting continues ) - No comment . - I shocked the world , man ! - Woman : I love you ! News anchor : While the scientific community will undoubtedly mark its formal approval ... The least he could 've done is mention your name . All fame is fleeting , Miss Wells . But at least this world goes on . Yeah , but it 's got one hell of a hangover . Hey , listen to this . Ivan Boesky bought up half of Beverly Hills at $ 10,000 a house . Now all those fools want their property back . ( laughing ) Metermaid : Mr. Moon ! Quinn : We better hurry . We only have three minutes . Wade : I hope to God we get home . ( remote beeping ) Quinn : What if Bennish is able to reconstitute the bomb ? He may be a pothead , but he 's not stupid . - Professor : Not to worry . - How can you be so sure ? Because I have the real schematics here . Quinn : We need to slide now . They were there last night . Better hurry up and find them . It 's time , man . They were here this morning . You guys figure it out . I 'm out of here . Go , go ! We don 't have time ! Go ! Anybody messes with us now ... ( loud music plays ) ... boom !
