 Tomorrow the judge passes sentence . I don 't have to remind you of the stakes . Now , listen to me . The insanity defense still has merit . You could tell the judge your story about other dimensions , parallel worlds ... the works . He 'd have no alternative but to declare you insane . ( sighs ) Look , I don 't mean to be offensive . I know you honestly believe you 're some sort of alien . Not an alien ... more ... a visitor . This little fantasy may be what 's keeping you amazingly calm , but you 've got to come to grips with reality . The sad truth is that this is your world , and you are in big trouble . Do you hear me , Quinn ? This is your world . No ... it isn 't . ( loud voices overlapping ) Bailiff : All rise . This Court of the State of California is now in session . ( camera clicks ) Please be seated . Your Honor , despite the eyewitnesses and the fingerprints , I swear to you , it wasn 't me . Quinn Mallory , this court is satisfied the guilty verdict delivered by nine of your peers was just . Spray painting a freeway overpass is an act of public defiance that spits directly in the face of the taxpayer , and shows flagrant disregard for the sanctity of public property . This doesn 't sound good , it doesn 't sound good at all . Therefore , I have no choice but to sentence you to the maximum sentence of death by lethal injection . Attorney : Your Honor , I appeal on the grounds that the death penalty is cruel and unusual punishment . I ask the court to reconsider the verdict . Quinn : What if you could find brand new worlds right here on Earth , where anything is possible ? Same planet , different dimension . I found the gateway . ( theme music plays ) Your Honor , I appeal ! I appeal on the grounds that I believe the death penalty to be a cruel and unusual punishment . Appeal noted and rejected . I appeal again , on the grounds that my client is criminally insane . A new trial would clearly establish that fact . Judge : Second appeal noted and rejected . Well , that 's it then . You cooked your own goose , kid . That 's it ? That 's the entire appeal process ? It is now . Don 't you remember Prop . 199 , the Instant Justice Initiative ? Where have you been ? - On another world ! - Professor : Now ! ( screaming ) Whoa ! - Go ! Go ! - ( attorney gasps ) See you ! My God ! He was telling the truth ! Whoo ... that was unbelievable , you guys ! That has got to be the coolest jailbreak of all time ! It was pretty cool , wasn 't it ? But your tagging counterpart almost got you killed there . It just goes to show , every world has its own taboos . We have to be careful not to violate them . Taboo or not , I 've had my share of the criminal justice system . Let 's get out of here before they arrest me for something else . Professor : All right . If this isn 't our Earth , it 's roughly three days to the window . I 'm starting to think our Earth only exists in our minds . Our earth is real , Rembrandt . We 'll make it back . - I know we will . - ( laughing ) - Man : It really looks like him . - Woman : I can 't believe it . ( laughing ) Gentlemen , check your flies . - ( couple laughing ) - Woman : Look at him ! - It is him ! - Man : Wow ! Hey , hey , hey , pretty good . You almost can 't tell it 's an act . You 're here for the convention , right ? The " Crying Man " convention at the Oakland Hilton . All the top Rembrandt impersonators are gathering there . - I saw it on the news . - Wait a minute . Did you say there 's a batch of people trying to be " The Crying Man " on this world ? - Yeah . - Do you realize what this means ? Yes , it means you 're popular here . It means we can 't be on our Earth . This means that this world just can 't get enough of me ! ( laughing ) Unbelievable ! It 's a good feeling , isn 't it ? We may not have made it home , but we 've finally reached a paradise planet . It 's not exactly my idea of paradise . Look beyond the material things , girl . On this Earth , I am loved and appreciated - the way I should be ... - ( Wade laughs ) That must mean that people have elevated their minds to a higher plane . Good grief . I know his ego 's the size of the Grand Canyon , but I forget that yours is right there too . I 'm a nice kind of guy . Do not involve me with his ego . Mine is based on a lifetime of achievement . ( laughing ) ( screams ) Oh , great . Do you see what we 've done ? We jaywalked . On this Earth that must be a big deal . Professor : On the count of three ... run ! You were saying something about a " higher consciousness " ? Forget it ! Okay , there you go . Thanks a lot , man . I think ... I think we lost them . - " Tears in my ' Fro " ! - I beg your pardon ? " Tears in my ' Fro . " I 've got tears in my ' fro 'Cause I 'm standing on my head Over you ! ( chuckles ) " Tears in my ' Fro . " Yeah , that was the single that I put out after I split from the " Topps . " Failed to chart . So , you liked " Tears in my ' Fro " ? Are you kidding ? I love it ! Yeah , I 'll never forget the night I took Mommy to the prom . It was playing in the limo . Straight to number four like a shot ! Soon to be number one for ... what was it ? Nine weeks ? Nine weeks ? How sweet it is ! You know all that , being a " Crying Man " impersonator and all . - Oh , yeah . Yeah , sure . - Can I give you a tip ? Platform shoes . The real King was much taller . Oh , platforms , huh ? ( chuckles ) ( TV program theme music plays ) Where did you learn how to do that ? " Gilligan " : That weather balloon was our way of getting off the island . But you had to set it on fire and see if it was flammable . " Skipper " : Oop ! Sorry , little buddy . I guess I really messed up this time . " Mr. Howell " : This time ? You do nothing but mess up , my boy . Beginning with piloting the Minnow ... They 're being kinda rough on the Skipper , aren 't they ? Do you realize how big I must be on this Earth ? We 're talkin ' big with a capital " B. " ( giggles ) Gin . I am kicking your butt , Professor . Professor : Nuts . " Mary Ann " : Gilligan and I want to get married . If you were a real skipper , you could do the ceremony - and we wouldn 't have to wait . - " Skipper " : Sorry , Mary Ann ... We interrupt " Skipper 's Island " to bring you a special bulletin . Friday will mark the eight-year anniversary of the tragic death of Rembrandt " Crying Man " Brown , the undisputed king of rock and roll . His tragic demise shocked the world , but his music ... Did you hear what she said ? " The undisputed king . " ... known for crying real tears in every performance , his hardcore fans have refused to accept his passing . She forgot to mention I can cry out of each eye individually . - Wade : Shh , listen . ... And such mythic tales were thought ridiculous , until Marc Freedlander , a tourist from Cincinnati , took a home movie that may place his name alongside Zapruder in the annals of history . I 've got tears in my ' fro ... News anchor : Until today , an entire nation asked the question , " Is the King really back ? " ( laughing ) ( rhythmic tapping ) Yeah , yeah Yeah , yeah - Yeah , yeah ... whip it , whip it - I said , whip it - Whip it , whip it - I said , whip it - Whip it , whip it - I said , whip it - Whip it , whip it - I said , whip it ( harmonizing ) Ahh-hh-hh , ahh-hh-hh Ahh-hh-hh , ahh-hh-hh Crack that whip Give the past the slip Step on a crack , break your mama 's back ... No , no , ladies , ladies , ladies ! Please , please , please . Stop whipping it , huh ? This is a " Devo " tune . You gotta put more life into it . Woman : Jack ? What , Cissy ? Jack , there 's a Penny Jenson from Channel 43 News to see you . Here ? To see me ? It 's been a long time since the press have come to see me . Don 't forget , honey , that " Crying Man " convention 's in town . You 're right . You 'd better send her in . Hurry up now . Come on . Well , Miss Penny , how wonderful to see you . You 're my favorite newscaster . Well , thank you ! I suppose you 're here to see me about the King , huh ? Yes . Yeah , well ... Instead of tripping down memory lane , why don 't we take an exciting glimpse into the here and now ? - All right . - I 'll show you some of the acts in Captain Jack Brim 's stable . Look over there . That 's my latest . Yeah , them gals have quit their day jobs . In fact , they even left their families to pursue a job in show business , right , girls ? ( Jack chuckles ) Okay , ladies . Come on down here . I 've got some acts here in this book , that you 're gonna love . Here , for instance , Oh ! Waylon Chong . This is a Country-Western act . It 's the hottest in all of Red China . Boy , he is gonna be fabulous if we can ever get him out . Ooh , the " Bass Ace . " You know a lotta folks say that the bass is not a soloist 's instrument . But I 've got hundreds and hundreds of senior citizens that beg to differ ... To be honest , we 're just not interested in those other acts . - We 've come because of Rembrandt . - Oh ... Yeah , well , I guess he 's the one that I 'm most famous for . What 's your angle this time ? Eight years Friday , since he kicked . Angle ? You mean you haven 't heard ? Rembrandt 's voice : I 'm surfin On an ocean of tears Seems like I 've been ... I 've been weeping for years Oh , my little island girl Set my mind awhirl And I think I need ... Oh , to drink a couple of beers Well ... Gag me ! Who wrote that tune ? - ( remote clicks ) - Host : The return of " The Crying Man " is only part of the story . We believe this man ... could be Jim Morrison of the Doors ... - What ? ... who also supposedly died years ago . - This is out of control . - The girl in the video remains a mystery . And we have positively identified the fourth individual as none other than that great Italian tenor , Luciano Pavarotti . - I didn 't know you sang opera ! - Only in the shower , my boy . ( others laugh ) Of course , we can only speculate , but considering that two supposedly dead stars are reemerging simultaneously , well , perhaps Pavarotti wished to be present to represent the mainstream musical world on this momentous occasion . I 'll never forget the night I ... received the news . The King was sponge fishing in the Gulf , when his boat went down in this terrible storm . Not a trace of his body ... was ever found . Captain Jack ? I can 't believe that guy was managing my double . When I split from the " Topps , " he begged me to take him on . Swore up and down he would take me right to the top . Jack : It 's one of the things I really loved about him . He was a jerk , but maybe I made a mistake . I guess now the King belongs ... to the deep . And you still believe that ? I 'm afraid that ... Rembrandt , he would have contacted me years ago if he was still alive . No , I just got to remain a hopeful skeptic . Jack : Well , well . Thank you very much , Miss Penny . I hope you got everything you came for . Thank you , gentlemen . You keep the batteries charged . " Captain Video , " thank you . Would you come in here , please ? Woman : I 'm ready , I 'm ready ! He 's alive ! Alive ! Do you understand what that means ? That means that if I get back in his good graces , I could have a career again . ( cheering ) ( fans yelling ) Boy , I tell ya ... those ... boy ... Quinn : The word is out . Rembrandt ! Your fans know we 're here . ( chuckles ) So what 's the big deal ? My fans are so desperate to see me , I 'll just go out there and give them a taste . Are you sure it 's safe ? They look pretty crazed . Girl , my music can soothe the savage beast , and my personality is just as disarming . I 'll just go out , give them a little hello and request a little privacy for me and my entourage . Others : " Entourage " ? Y 'all know what I mean . ( laughs ) ( fans yelling ) Dis-graceful ! - Wade : He 's in trouble . - I 'll get him back . Leave this to me . All right now ... ( yelps ) Those people are animals ! They all want a piece of me ... and I mean literally ! The price of fame ? And I love every minute of it ! Except when that old lady tried to put a vise lock on my behind . - Lord ! - If you loved it so much , why 'd you come back inside ? I may have loved it , girl , but I couldn 't have survived it . There is such a thing as " too much love . " - Did you see the Professor ? - Wade : Oh my God ! ( yelling ) - Put me down , you infidels ! - Quinn : I gotta go get him . Professor ! Keep them away ! Keep them away ! Keep them away ! Are you all right ? I think all the essentials are still there . You ... will call the police now , and get us a police escort out of here , away from that mob ! Whoa , be reasonable . A police escort ? Mr. Pavarotti ... I am not Mr. Pavarotti ! Mr. Pavarotti is an Italian . He speak-a like-a this . Do I speak-a like this ? No ! Why ? Because I am an Englishman , you blistering idiot ! Now , I have had it up to here with you ! You had no right to advertise our presence in this third-rate hotel . Jack : Come on , honey . What ? Whoo ! Shazam , I haven 't seen a crowd this worked up since Michael Jackson rejoined Public Enemy . Now , you come to the box office tomorrow night , and there 'll be two tickets at " Will-Call " for you . Thank you , Officer . Mr. Pavarotti ... as I live and breathe . What a pleasure to meet you , sir . - Uh-huh , uh-huh , see ? I knew it was you ! - You ... you got in here , can you get us out ? You scratch my back , I 'll scratch yours . I 've come in here with a royal offer for the King himself . You gotta take me to him . I can 't begin to tell you how happy he 'll be to see me , Mr. Pavarotti . The name is Arturo . Maximillian Arturo . And you are ? Captain Jack Brim . - The Captain Jack Brim ? - That 's right . Wow ... I always thought you were dead too . Jack : I 'm the bearer of a gift . Rembrandt : What 's this gift all about ? Manana ... 7 : 00 p . M ... an audience of billions is going to tune in to see the triumphant return of the King in concert , on all four networks , and pay-per-view around the world . Jack : And get this , the promoters , they 're gonna fork over ... are you ready ? $ 1 million per song . Do you hear me , Remmy ? If you pull a " Springsteen " ... stay on that stage all night , I 'll be set for life . Oh ... and you ... you 'll be richer than you already are . Professor : Will you excuse us , just for a second ? Yeah , sure . $ 1 million a song ? We 'd never have money problems again , - that 's for sure . - Oh yeah . We slide tomorrow night , at 9 : 03 p. m . That 'll be right near the end of the show . It 's too close , too complicated . I say pass . Wait a minute , are you cracked , Q-Ball ? This is everything I 've ever wanted . You worry too much . I 'm doing the show and that 's final . All right , Jack , I 'm in ! - Terrific . - Yeah , providing that we ever get out of here . I don 't think " Live at the Motel 12 " has such a good ring to it . Exiting this dump is gonna be a little tricky , but you 've got experience at things like that . Right , King ? Yeah . Come with me , folks . I 'm telling you , we 're not even gonna be able to fold all the money we 're gonna have . Come on , I 've got my own private limo parked around the corner . Wow . Hey , Q-Ball ? Remember this beauty ? Yeah , now come on . It 's my ride from days gone by , huh ? Whoo ! Mmmm . Oooh , child , it 's true ! It is you . Who are you supposed to be ? I 'm supposed to be you , lamb chop . In honor of your return . Welcome back . Thank you . Rembrandt ! " K-R-I BABY . " " Crybaby . " ( gunshots , yelping on TV ) Announcer : We interrupt this broadcast to bring you a special announcement . All of tonight 's regularly scheduled programming will be preempted so we can bring you Rembrandt " Crying Man " Brown in his internationally televised ... What the hell ... ? All details of the concert remain top secret , as Captain Jack Brim has kept Rembrandt tightly under wraps since his sudden reappearance here in San Francisco just yesterday with his mysterious entourage . Advance sales continue to break all records , as millions of viewers prepare to tune in ... - Yeah ? We 'll see about that . ... the largest pay-per-view broadcast event ever . Quinn : What do you mean , you can 't call the police ? - I can 't ! - Maybe you can 't , but I can . No , hey , please , I beg of you . No . Look , I 'm as concerned about him as you are ... even more . Do you realize I got a hundred million people gonna tune in to see him go on stage tomorrow night ? Do you realize the kind of lawsuits I 'm faced with ? I don 't believe this guy . This is our friend , okay ? I don 't give a damn about your lousy show . - I 'm calling the cops . - Hey ! Don 't do that . Listen , you do that , you may never see him again . Just remember that our kidnapper here , he 's gonna contact us . But , if you contact the police , or the press get involved in this , there 's no telling what might happen . Hey , you ever hear of the Lindbergh kidnapping ? - He may have a point . - Yeah , whoever did this , has a vested interest in thwarting the pay-per-view . Let me tell you . What are you saying ? They 're from a rival cable company ? Huh , that 's possible . Now , trust me , please , you just stay here and keep out of sight , all right ? - Where are you going ? - I 'm going down on stage , and line up some of them replacement acts . By the way , if he should call here ... the kidnapper , you give him my cellular number , all right ? - That 's it ? - Hey ! I 'm doing the best I can . Hold down the fort till I get back , honey . Now what ? - What are you doing ? - I don 't care what that guy says , I 'm calling the cops . Rembrandt : Who are you and why are you doing this to me ? Oh , I can 't believe you don 't recognize me . I was only the most important " Spinning Topp " of all . - Say what ? - Don 't toy with me , sugar biscuits . You can 't tell me you don 't know Maurice Fish when you see him . Maurice ? I don 't believe this . Maurice , quit playing ! Untie me , man ! Ugh ! - I must be in hell . - You 're not deceased , honey , that 's why you 're here . Trust me , your resurrection was a bad career move . You left this world at the perfect time ... a legend who had peaked , disappearing into the sunset . - You should have left well enough alone . - Maurice ! Why are you doing this ? Untie me , man . We can talk about old times , okay ? I 'll untie you , brother , all you gotta do is sign this . Both : " I , Rembrandt Brown , acknowledge that Maurice Fish was the true brains behind " The Spinning Topps " ... And I admit to the world that I stole all my songs from him . And that I became famous , like him ... - ( laughing ) - By stepping on his back . " You just gotta sign it right here . ( cackling ) - Oh God ... - You won 't be laughing long . When I get through with you , you won 't even have a tongue . Maurice ... ? Look , Maurice , okay , I 've quit laughing , man . Untie me , okay ? Maurice ! It 's not funny anymore , man . Come on , untie me ! Doggone it . Professor : And when will the lieutenant be back ? Don 't you understand this could be a matter of life or death ? ( huffs ) Oh , it 's ridiculous . San Francisco Police say they think the matter 's a hoax . They say they have a file that thick on false Rembrandt sightings . Well , what are we gonna do know ? Quinn : Wait ! I think I 'm on to something . Luckily Captain Jack had a modem on his computer . - I 've accessed the DMV records ... - Why ? The license plate on that red Cadillac said " KRI BABY . " Here we go . Thank God for vanity plates . - Did you trace it ? - Maurice Fish . 1913 South Bell Terrace . - That 's East Oakland . - Let 's go . - Rembrandt ! - Who are you ? Where 's Jack ? You just missed him . He went to the auditorium . - Thanks . - Rembrandt ? " Mr. Brown " to you , sweetie . Only my friends call me " Rembrandt . " Wait ... you 're those people from the video on the TV news . Where is that impersonator ? That son of a gun is trying to steal my life . You 're the other Rembrandt . No , no , I 'm the real Rembrandt . No , the real Rembrandt , " The Crying Man , " is dead . And you are clearly not dead . No , I am " The Crying Man . " I only faked my death because I wanted to get out of the business , okay ? Now , I 've shared my little secret . What 's yours ? - We have to tell him the truth . - There 's no time . We 're from a parallel dimension . The impostor 's not an impostor . He 's really you . - Say what ? - No time to explain . - Do you have a car ? - Outside . - Can we borrow it ? Our friend 's in trouble . - Humph ! Forget it . Our friend 's been kidnapped by some guy in a red Cadillac . Uh ... that 's his name and address right there . - Maurice Fish ? - You know him ? Huh ! I 'm the one that had him institutionalized . The guy hates me . Wait a minute ... if Maurice thinks your friend is me , next time you see him , he 'll be face up in the morgue . Were you leaving before dessert ? Where do you think you 're going ? Come on . Don 't think you 're about to get ... Maurice , listen to me . I can solve all of this . I 'm not really your Rembrandt . You can go ahead and untie me . Look , I 'm from another dimension . I 'm leaving this Earth tomorrow night . Your Rembrandt is dead . You have nothing to worry about . The stories of the booze and the pills ... must all have been true ! To see you so delusional ... is a sad , sad thing . I usually use this to do my legs ... but it 'll do your neck very nicely . Maurice , please , look , this has gone on too far , okay ? Look , hey , hey , I 'll sign the papers , man , - just untie me . - You 'll sign , all right ! You 'll sign it in blood ! Don 't worry , sweet pea . I 'll make sure your final minutes are happy ones . Slap me , love me Grab me , bump me bump me , bump me Takes your love To really , really stump me Whoo-oo ! Whip me , kick me Lick me , lick me lick me , lick me Girl like you could really , really trick me Whoo-oo ! Baby , baby , please down on my knees You 're the kind I adore , let me have some more Slap me , love me ... whoo-oo ! Oh yes . Thank you . Oh yes . I don 't know what to say . I taught you everything I know . ( crowd chatter ) Quinn : Jack ! Talk to you later . Where 's Jack ? Onstage , introducing the acts . I checked the stage . He wasn 't anywhere near there . - I don 't know ... - Rembrandt ! - Rembrandt ! - All : Yo ! I thought it was Rembrandt . - That 's me . - Me . - Me . - They 're all Rembrandt . There you are ! Do you hear that crowd ? They 're ready to tear me apart . I 'm running out of acts . We 're tracking down the guy who took Rembrandt . We 've got a friend parked outside . We 're on our way to East Oakland . Keep putting on impersonators . Oakland ? Who 's next ? - All : Yo ! - That 's me , man . I 'm the one , yeah . - Pick me , man . - I 'm good . Rembrandt # 2 : Open the door , Maurice ! I 'm gonna check out front . Let 's go . - Maurice ! - ( gun cocks ) You back up and head right on back where you came from . Please , don 't shoot . Don 't tell me what to do in my own house , now . ( laughing ) Easy does it there , Charmagne . How do you know my name ? Rembrandt ? Hey , baby . Don 't " baby " me . So you are ... alive ? Ahem ... So to speak . Uh ... you seen Maurice ? Maurice ? I ain 't ... seen his worthless self in two and a half years ... since I kicked his sorry behind out of here . Uh ... ma 'am ... you wouldn 't happen to know where we could find his sorry behind , would you ? Last I heard , he took over his nephew 's lease ... near Telegraph . Intersection of Povill Street . - Do you know the address ? - Red house on the south corner . Now that is all I know . See you , baby ... ahem , Charmagne . Sorry about the door . I 'll take care of it . ( humming ) Pack up All your cares and woe Here I go Swinging low Um-mm-mm ... Blackbird ... Bye-bye ! Um-mm-mm . Okay , guys , this is the place . All right , you go in the front way , I 'll go in the back . You know my one regret ? I can 't make you suffer as long as I did . - ( muffled ) - Uh-uh ! As much as I 'd love to hear you beg , we don 't wanna disturb the neighbors . I 'm gonna savor this moment , sugar . Wade : Rembrandt ! Stay there ! I 'll slice him like a brisket . Rembrandt # 2 : Put the razor down , Maurice . You ... how the hell ... ? - Are you all right ? - I am now . I was just trying to scare you into retirement , man . You know I 'd never really do anything to hurt you . - Get him out of here . - You 're nothing , man ! I was the brains ! Two of you ain 't worth half of me . - Come on ... - I ain 't done , son . I 'll be back , Jack . You ain 't heard the last of " The Crying Prince . " - Let 's get him out of here . - Quinn : Move it . That is the ugly side of fame . My Lord ! You 're alive ! And you 're me . I thought that was the craziest story I ever heard , but ... no one could fake me like that . Both : Why do you ... - Both : Sorry , man . - Rembrandt # 2 : You go ahead . So ... you faked your death , huh ? It 's the only way I could get back to being human again . Oh man , this is weird . All of my life I 've dreamed of success like yours ... and you just walk away from it . I was full . I had to back away from the table . But you , you still hungry . Look , we 're just entertainers . We 're supposed to make people feel good , but sometimes things just get out of hand . - Yeah . - You know they built a shrine for me in Memphis ? It 's called " Crying Land . " Grown women worshipping there every day . Other folks keep having plastic surgery so they can look more like me . What 's the matter with that ? - You 'll see . Walk a mile in my shoes . - Oh , I plan to . You sure you want this ? The fame , the life ? It 's all I ever thought about ever since I was a kid . Man , I 'm telling you , that 's all I ever thought ... Then here it is , my brother . You become me . Wh-what ? You walk up to the plate , I go home , kick back . Are you serious ? - I am if you are . - Oh , yeah . Oh yeah , man , I 'll take that pressure off your hands . Yes ! Yes ! Be careful what you wish for , " other Remmy . " - Right , right , right . Huh ? - You ready to do it ? - Let 's dance . - Let 's dance . Let 's dance ! Lmpersonator : And if you had a heart Maybe you 'd start ... - Crowd : Off ! Off ! - To understand ... ( heckling ) Mercy . Captain , they found him . Oh , thank God ! Boy , you are cool as ice . I 'd be a nervous wreck . Don 't encourage this , Wade , okay ? Rembrandt , look , we slide at a little after 9 : 00 . I 'm afraid if you go up there , you 're gonna lose track of time . Professor : He 's right . It is a risky business being separated that close to departure . Well , you 've brought up an interesting question , and that 's what I want to talk to you about . Uh-oh , I know where this is going . No , no , don 't get me wrong , please . I love you guys , but my place is here with my music . Maybe it 's fate , maybe that 's why I got caught up in that wormhole in the first place . What about your doppelganger ... your double ? Professor , say something . Mr. Brown , I can only add a note of caution to what has already been said . Guys , I know what I 'm doing . You gotta let go and try to be happy for me , just like I would be for you if you found your paradise . Jack : Thank God they found you ! You ready ? How do you feel ? - Never better . - O-kay . Remember the sequence . " Tears in my ' Fro , " " Love Explosion , " " Cry Like a Man , " " Explosion of Love , " Then " I 'm a Tear Jerk , " " Who Stole my Woman ? " Then we segue into the big finale , " Headbutt Me , " then the encore ... " Weeping Wall of Tears . " I got it . I love this man . Ladies and gentlemen , stand aside . The King ... is back . Yeah . Man : Somebody stop him ! ( heckling continues ) You 're breaking my heart ! The man has more keys than a motel clerk . Oh God ... Thank you . I got an armored car to get you out of here . There he goes , ladies and gentlemen , the " Albino Rembrandt " has just left the building . Okay , cool it down now , come on . Act a little dignified , ladies and gentlemen . The moment that we 're waiting for is soon at hand . I guess this is goodbye then . We 'll be in the wings , but around 9 : 00 , we 've got to go . Okay . I 'm gonna miss you , sweetheart . Ladies and gentlemen , like the legendary Lazarus has risen , like Prometheus has come from the flames ... It 's been a delight to know you . - Well ... - Quinn : There 's nothing we can do to change your mind ? I just gotta go ahead and take that chance . I take back all those things I said about everything being your fault . I 'll never forget you , Q-Ball . Here he is ... the King , ladies and gentlemen , it is Rembrandt " Crying Man " Brown ! ( music plays full ) ( cheering ) Go get ' em , Rembrandt ! I 'm trying to be happy for him , I just think he 's making a terrible mistake . You ... Aren 't you afraid you 'll be spotted ? All eyes are on him . I just come around to see if he 's got what it takes before I let him take away my crown . And what are you going to do in the light of this unexpected development ? Go back to fishing , relaxing , living the quiet , private life . Nobody 's going to be looking for me as long as he 's here . I cannot tell you how much I admire your choice . I 'll say . I don 't think I could walk away from a million dollars a song . A million dollars a song ? I don 't believe this ! I 've got tears in my ' fro 'Cause I 'm standing on my head Over you And I ... I 've got a long way to go Will this crying stop ? I wish I knew ... Well , I think it 's time ... we found a quiet place to slide . I really don 't think we should leave him here . Oh ... it 's his life and it 's what he wants . Let him go , Miss Wells . Come on , let 's go . I 'm only half the man I used to be ... - Yeah-hh ! - ( music uptempo ) Well , I got tears on my ' fro 'cause I 'm standing on my head Over you ! What 's going on ? Yeah-hh First I thought our love was neverending Together , you and I until eternity But now I realize I 'm just pretending I 'm only half the man that I used to be Whoo-oo ! Got tears in my ' fro 'Cause my world is upside down over you-oo Yeah , I should comb them , I know ... Oh , man . I 'm seeing double . Both : Whoo ! I got tears in my ' fro 'Cause my world is upside down over you - You , baby - You , babe I should comb them out , I know But that 's the saddest thing I 've ever had to do-oo ... Ladies and gentlemen , let 's have a big round of applause for the greatest Rembrandt impersonator of them all ! They love you ! You 're beautiful . You 're beautiful , baby . I got tears in my ' fro ' cause I 'm standing on my head ... Oh my God , they think our Rembrandt 's just another impersonator . We 've got to get him off there . - Quinn : Rembrandt ! - Wade : Rembrandt ! Quinn : Rembrandt ! Come on ! We 've got seven minutes to slide ! - Rembrandt ! - Rembrandt , come on ! ... Now I realize I 'm just pretending ... I can 't believe he did that to me ! I got tears in my ' fro ' cause I 'm standing on my head ... Over you , yea-ah Yeah-hh ! Whoo ! Whoo-hoo-hoo ! Yee-haw ! Rembrandt : He gets the comeback and I get the doublecross . - After all of my hard work ! - Look , since it is his world , and he did the work , he is the rightful King . No matter what , Rembrandt , you 're the only " Crying Man " to us . Don 't let it get to you . You 're just as good as he is . Wade : Better ! Damn right . Look at it this way , maybe on the next world , you 'll be even bigger than you were here . - ( beeping ) - I hate to interrupt this love-fest , but we have to go ! Yeah , maybe on the next world I will be bigger . Yes ! Hey-ho ! You 're the King , right ? I mean , are you really the King ? No , I 'm not really the King . " Bigger than ever , " huh ? Quinn : Thanks , kids ! Look at it this way , we get free ice cream . - And we 're outside all day . - Don 't , okay ! Just don 't !
