 [ People cheering ] Yeah ! [ Crowd cheering ] Yeah ! [ Music playing ] [ Inaudible ] [ People chanting ] Rembrandt , we have got to go . Wait a minute , man . We got at least 10 more minutes . You got to get your watch fixed . I just tied the all-time high score here . ( Professor ) You didn 't , by chance , wager on this game ? A little . [ People clamoring ] Here we go . Hey guys , wait a minute . The money . We got to ... Wait ! [ Whooshing ] Considering we 're leaving this dimension , I think it 's fair to say all bets are off . This entire world is on fire ! How much time ? 10 seconds . Thank God . [ All grunting ] [ Growling ] Four , three , two , one . ( Quinn ) Heads up ! Your coat 's on fire . [ Grunting ] What the hell was that place ? Maybe it was hell . The hell it was . Five more seconds , you 'd have been a believer . Five more seconds , I 'd have been beef Wellington . [ Laughs ] [ Honking ] ( Professor ) We seem to be in some sort of company oil town . Well , I think I 'm gonna like it here . Looks like they 've got real cars . How long are we here ? Uh , four days and change . Man , we got to get some cash . Mr. Brown , did you pay the hotel bill ? Oh , no , I was going to , but , uh ... We skip out on the hotel bill too many times , the karma 's gonna catch up , guys . Look , I said I was going to , but ... At least we got cash . Now we don 't have to work . Well , not exactly . See , I left the money on the bar . I was betting on the game and , uh ... Wait a minute , guys . Now , look . That 's when you guys , you came in and jerked me out of there . It really wasn 't my fault . You pulled me out of there before I was supposed to win anything . I almost won $ 600 . Get him ! ( Rembrandt ) You guys pulled me away too soon ! ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders . [ Fire engine siren wailing ] ( Quinn ) I 'd hate to be a fireman on this world . Especially here . ( Rembrandt ) You guys smell gas ? ( Wade ) This whole town smells like gas . There 's gas pumps everywhere . You know , from what I 've observed , I think it 's a possibility that on this Earth the world 's major deposits of petroleum were not in the Middle East but here in Southern California . Yeah , it looks like Detroit stayed where it was . ( Rembrandt ) The Japanese cars have never even invaded the country at all . I never understood why cars had fins . To begin with , Miss Wells , this is not just a car . That is a living room on wheels . ( Rembrandt ) Yeah , and other rooms as well . [ Rembrandt chuckles ] And secondly , a fin is not just a fin . Though it may serve some aerodynamic purpose , it 's real function is as an extension of the male psyche . Nothin ' appeals like a good set of wheels . ( man ) Global Oil , anybody else need a job ? Hey , fellas , check it out . They 're hiring for the oil refinery . Yes . Why don 't you go and get a job so that you can repay us ? Now , Professor , if Rembrandt had won , you wouldn 't have a problem , right ? But he lost . Well , you can get a job just like I can . Guys , it doesn 't matter what world we slide to , okay ? I still need three square meals a day and often require a place to sleep . I 'll check it out . [ Truck engine running ] Hi . We 're looking for jobs . Could we get a ride ? Hop in . Thanks . ( Wade ) He 'll take us . ( Professor ) Oh , great . Know what I like about America ? You work hard , you , too , could own a Cadillac . Pity we always seem to be starting on the back of a cattle truck . Such a cynic , Mr. Mallory . Yeah ? So ? What did they say ? We might as well go ahead and hire ' em all . We 're gonna have some holes to fill if the union goes on strike tomorrow . Thanks . So we , uh , goin ' out this weekend ? I gotta wash my hair . I 'll help you . Then you better come early . [ Phone ringing ] Hello ? Yeah , he 's still here . I 'll tell him . Mr. Ashton , you need to get back to your office . Why ? What 's up ? There 's a fire at the plant manager 's house . They think it 's arson . I 'll bet it 's that damn union . ( man on TV ) ... doing survey of 2300 ... That was a sorry excuse for a meal . I just hope that breakfast is better tomorrow in the company restaurant . I thought the spaghetti was pretty good . That was spaghetti ? That wasn 't spaghetti , that was oil slick with noodles . ( man on TV ) Are you there ? ( TV reporter ) Sources say the fire may be linked to the Brotherhood of Petrol Workers who stormed out of negotiations early this morning . Their contract expires at midnight . They got the fire ... ( Quinn ) Hey , guys . This looks like the place we slid into . Officials say that arson is now suspected . I thought only the British were capable of destroying breakfast . You didn 't put enough syrup on it . [ Music playing on stereo ] Evidently they spend more on the entertainment budget here than they do chefs . Listen to this : " Management says it won 't bow to bully tactics of the Brotherhood . It will lock out workers if necessary . " I overheard a conversation . You know what the union is demanding ? Health insurance . What do they get now ? If you get sick , they have a burial plan . I can 't stop thinkin about that fire world we landed in . You think it was volcanic ? No , possibly natural gas deposits , burning for years like the coal fires in Virginia . It 's weird , but for a moment there I thought the fire was comin ' after me . Well , perhaps it was the spirits of the hearth . You know , when I was a boy , my father used to terrify me with stories of the Corracha Cagalt , the blue flamed spirits of fire that punished naughty boys . [ Professor chuckling ] Just your imagination . [ Alarm buzzing ] [ Sighs ] Well , I guess our chariot awaits . ( J.C. ) Well , we talked for a half hour . He couldn 't tell me a doggone thing . I don 't understand it . Hmm , how strange . Three burns in two days . Nobody sees nothin ' . Something 's going on . I heard the last one was very hard to put out . Yeah , the crew said it was a hell of a fight . The fire burned one guy 's mask off . They 'd knock it down here and it would jump up over there . Almost like it was alive . Anyway , they were mopping ' up hot spots for hours . Hmm . Hey , uh , you remember to get the cream rinse ? ( workers chanting ) No health , no wealth ! No health , no wealth ! No health , no wealth ! No health , no wealth ! No health , no wealth ! No health , no wealth ! Okay , you know where you 're going ? Uh , yeah , yeah , I got the map right here . Good . Be sure and lock your doors . And don 't stop for any reason . You understand ? Look , uh , are we expecting any trouble ? No . Not if we hurry up and get our butt out of here . Now , let 's roll . ( workers ) No health , no wealth ! No health , no wealth ! [ Workers continue chanting ] We should all be wearing a respirator . I asked the man . He said hold your breath . Yeah . So much for employee relations . [ Siren blaring ] You think it 's a fire ? I don 't see any smoke . Mr. Mallory , if you can see smoke in a place like this , it 's too late . Come on . [ Workers clamoring ] You all right ? I will be when I get another job . I 'm not gonna scab . I 'm with you . Let 's go . ( Quinn ) I know one thing . They got stronger beer . How come it 's so cheap ? [ Burps ] Excuse me . Hey ! I 'm sorry , how rude . I think they brew it in the same refinery . Must be why it tastes like unleaded , huh ? [ Laughs ] All right I 'm gonna take a spin around the block so I don 't go to bed with the spins . Good night . Good night . Wade ? Hmm . Nothin ' . Manana . Quinn ! [ Choking ] [ Honking ] Are you all right ? [ Gasping ] The flame . It saved my life . [ People chattering ] I 'm telling you , I saw fire surround Quinn before he fell down . I couldn 't breathe . There wasn 't any oxygen . Look , you both have had a few beers , right ? Now , maybe you tripped , and maybe you saw the truck 's lights reflected in the street , and you thought ... The truck would have run him over . Remmy , I really think the fire saved my life . See , now I know you had too much to drink . It 's hard to see , but it 's there , hiding in the gutter . I got within a couple of feet , but it wouldn 't let me any closer . Wait a minute . You 're saying that there 's a flame out there and it 's alive ? Incredible as it sounds , Mr. Brown , I do believe it has some level of awareness . I must have brought it with me from the fire world , riding on the tails of my jacket . Do you realize what this means ? Let 's not tell anybody . They 'll think we 're nuts . Or worse , they 'll destroy it before we find a chance to find out who or what it is . This represents one hell of a turn in evolution . Do you think it might have something to do with all those fires ? From what I overheard in the store , I 'm willing to bet it is . A guy there was talking about fighting a fire that seemed to him " to be acting as if it was alive . " Think about it . Everywhere it looks , nothing but food . And nobody to tell it not to take a bite . Maybe we should find a way to tell it to go on a diet . I agree with you . We must find a way of communicating with it . Wait a minute . Now , we don 't know what this thing can do . Maybe we should just leave it alone . No , we brought it into this world , we 're responsible for what happens . So how do you talk to a fire ? Maybe with a spectrometer ? Excellent idea , Mr. Mallory . There must be one in the lab at the refinery . We 'll look into it tomorrow . We 've got to find some common ground . Build a vocabulary , set up a translation path . First we have to capture it . Yeah , once we do , we better talk fast . We slide in a couple of days . You better do it before Flame-boy realizes he 's sitting on a 100 million barrels of oil . ( Rembrandt ) I don 't know about you , but it scares me to death . ( workers ) On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! [ Phone ringing ] I 'm done with these files . I wish all my temps were as good as you . If you want to stay on , there 's a ... I got to be someplace in a couple of days . Don 't worry . Things have a way of workin ' out . Why are they all marked " awards " ? Oh , that just means that those people got some money from the company at one time . Diana ! ( Diana ) What are you doing here ? ( Amanda ) I want what 's due to me . I want my husband 's last check . Please , you gotta leave now . Give me my money and I 'll leave . Amanda , how many times do I have to tell you ? The company doesn 't pay men who try to burn down the refinery . My husband wouldn 't do that . You knew him . J.C. Saw him open a gas valve and light it . I know you and J.C. Have a thing going , Diana , but he lied . My husband knew we had a baby on the way . Please , I need the money . ( Diana ) Get out of here , Amanda . I don 't wanna lose my job . Please . Call the guards . ( Diana ) Did you hear me ? Call security ! Never mind . False alarm . [ Liquid bubbling ] Doesn 't look like anybody has been here for a while . Don 't think they 'll miss anything . How about starting with hydrogen ? Most common element in the universe , it must talk hydrogen . You know , why don 't I take all of these ? What do you think we should ask it first , Professor ? Think of the wonder of it , Mr. Mallory . An alien intelligence , and we get to ask it questions . Who ? Where ? Why ? [ Laughs ] My boy , the most exciting time of my life , my boy . Uh , all clear , let 's go . All the big questions . [ Professor laughing ] All right , guys , there are two things we can do . We can either take the flame with us , or we can leave it here . There 's a third possibility . We may be forced to destroy it , if ... If what ? Lf , when it finds out its true situation , it gets a little resentful . It may decide to retaliate . Then we could still be responsible for destroying Southern California . No , if it wanted to torch the place , it would have done it already . It hasn 't yet . It 's taking its time , checking things out . I just hope once we break through , we can reason with it . Did you get it ? Yup . One laptop with mega gigs , color screen , and a projection system . Nice . Everything you asked for . Uh , I 've got to run an errand . I 'll see you guys back at the hotel , okay ? ( workers ) On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! On strike ! Yeah , this is J.C. Computer and lab equipment ? What else is missing ? All right , get a list of the new hires . Okay ? Anybody who had access . I 'll meet you in my office . ( Amanda ) We have to show them we mean business . I want 20 men on that picket line at all times . Go on . [ Door closing ] The guy at the door said I could make a donation . Cash or check is fine . Actually , the donation is for you . You should be taking vitamins and stuff . It helps keep up your strength . I helped take care of my cousin when she had her first kid . I drove her nuts . I read all these books , I talked to all these doctors ... Get out of here ! I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to embarrass you . I thought since you can 't afford toothpaste ... Take all this with you . I don 't want any help from someone who works for them . Maybe your baby does . What do you want ? When I heard that you were pregnant and your husband was ... If you work for the company , then you work for killers . I don 't ... He was gonna blow the whistle on them . They murdered him to shut him up . You don 't understand . They can do whatever they want . They think they can kill the union , too . Well , I 'm gonna prove them wrong . I 'd like to help you do that . You want to help ? Yes . Tell me what to do . Well , uh , you can start by helping me pick this stuff up . Okay . ( Professor ) Maybe we should use more alcohol . Maybe it 's not hungry . Maybe it is . I just saw it . Did you see that ? It divides like a cell . How could we kill it if we ever have to ? I don 't know . But you better hope it can 't lip-read . It 's in . Get it . Let 's get out of here before we 're spotted . [ Electronic buzzing ] So , how many of those are you gonna have to fire up ? We 'll do it until they burn out , or the flame responds . Maybe you should try music . You want to sing Light My Fire ? [ Banging on door ] Uh , sorry , the room is full . ( Wade ) Remmy ? It 's Wade . Is it talking yet ? It 's a little shy . Where have you been ? We 've been worried . I went for a long walk . All right , pal , how about another round of hydrogen light ? [ Buzzing ] It did it . Did what ? 6562.72 Angstroms . Hydrogen . The frequencies match . Flame-boy just said hello . [ Whispering ] Wade ? Wade . Hi . What are you doing here ? Oh , Quinn needs some more parts . He sent me to find you . How 's he getting on ? Finishing up the last of the elements . Where 's Remmy ? He 's gone to get some chemicals . We 're meeting in your office at noon . I 'm anxious to get back . Listen , while you guys are pulling parts , there 's some computer files I need to borrow for a union woman I met . Ah , workers united ? Hmm . It 's more than that . I think the oil company murdered her husband . What ? He organized the refinery two years ago . Anyway , I kind of figure if I do this , it will help balance the karma for being a scab . All right , Flame-boy , here 's how it 's gonna work . I 'm gonna say something into the microphone , the computer is then going to translate that into a light wave , which you will repeat .
