 [ Whooshing ] [ Wade screaming ] [ All groaning ] [ Quinn grunts ] I hate to say it , guys ... ( men ) But I have a strange feelin about this place . Well , I do . As we all should , Miss Wells , especially when we land on a world ( Professor ) Seemingly devoid of humans . Especially when the sky 's a funky color . ( Quinn ) Everything seems to be kept up . Yes , but for whom ? Right now , I 'd rather know by whom . Me , too . What the devil is that ? What remains of a robot . [ Vehicle approaching ] Do you hear that ? Yeah . It sounds like a motor . [ Tires screeching ] Don 't tell me that that 's the neighborhood welcoming committee . Let 's not wait around to find out . We 'll never outrun them . Evasive action ! Q-Ball ! Quinn ! Wait ! [ Brakes screeching ] ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders [ sensor bleeping ] [ Bleeping continues ] Seems to be checking for life signs . [ Panting ] Is he breathing ? I can 't tell . Why didn 't he come after us ? I don 't know . He didn 't seem to detect our presence , [ jeep leaving ] Which may mean ... Q-Ball 's okay . Hey , fella , how you doing ? Are you okay ? [ Panting ] Fine . I feel like I just put my tongue in a light socket . Who 's got the timer ? I do . We 've got three days and then some . Come on , let 's find a place to stay out of the line of fire . [ Grunting ] Good idea . Up you come , Mr. Mallory . What about them ? Wild . They 're robots . ( Professor ) That 's why we weren 't detected . He was looking for signs of electronic life . [ Buzzing ] Help me . He 's still alive . Lots of wires in there . How can you be sure that you hooked up the right ones ? We 're doing a lot of guessing . Actually , it 's not entirely guessing . You see this ... this bundle of wires that runs down the spine here ? [ Crackling ] ( Quinn ) Yeah . That 's essentially his central nervous system . And , uh , these metal plates here are analogous to our vertebrae . His internals are very much modeled on the human form . Well , the last time I checked , we didn 't have any of that green gel floating in us . That green gel is supposed to conduct electricity to the areas that aren 't hard-wired . ( Professor ) All right . [ Buzzing ] That should do it . Oh , I think I may know what happened here . These are brochures from Aldohn Robotic Technologies hawking the wonderful benefits of a robotic workforce . ( Wade ) Leaving humans free to enjoy the pleasures of everyday living . [ Buzzing ] Hey , he moved . What did you do ? He stimulated my tricordial neuroglia sending an impulse to my upper dextral appendage . One moment please , while I reset my vision parameters . [ Sighs ] He 's so real . Do you have a name ? Something people call you by ? I 'm an Aldohn D.063 , but I 'm called Deric , which is an acronym for the Delta model of the Emotional Response Intelligence Chip unit . ( Deric ) What models are you ? I 'm not familiar with your designs . Actually , we 're not robots . You are human . How fascinating . The fascination is mutual , believe me . You who repaired me , did I sustain injury to my power supply ? Your power unit 's fine . You just had a couple of burnt wires . That must be why I shut down . And why the RPP didn 't detect my energy output . RPP , does that refer to the person chasing you ? He 's a Recall Patrol Paul unit . And he 's not a man . Is my friend in the adjoining workroom ? You were the only one working , so , uh ... You left him out there ? I must get to him . ( Deric ) Despite Father 's genius in programming robotics technology , some of the ERI models had programming problems and did not perform as expected . Father attempted to recall us , but many did not voluntarily return . Who 's Father ? James Aldohn . Aldohn Robotic Technologies . He 's our creator . The factory is our origin . Just for the record , what kind of problems are we talkin ' about here ? ERls are programmed for emotions . The alpha and beta units suffered intensity problems when emotions conflicted with logic . Oftentimes a malfunction would occur . Human fatalities were not uncommon . ( Deric ) You do not have to fear me . I 've adjusted my programming accordingly . You have the ability to reprogram yourself ? I 'm a fourth gen . An advancement to my model was a learn mode . Self-programming was an unintended byproduct of the LM . So that 's why Father ordered all of you recalled . He couldn 't predict how you might behave . Father doesn 't much like what he can 't control . At one time , there were 2,916 ERI units . Now , only a handful are left . The Pauls ' main directive is to destroy us . No ! Leave him alone ! If we knew this would happen , we wouldn 't have left him . There 's no way you could have known . Maybe we can put him back together . No . Usable parts are rare outside the factory . There 's nothing we can do . Guys , RPP , 10 o 'clock . Split up ! Back here in 20 ! ( Deric ) In here . [ Brakes screeching ] [ Grunts ] I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . [ Screaming ] [ Grunts ] Should we deactivate them ? No . These we take back to the factory . If they 've been captured , where would they have been taken ? The factory . ( Wade ) Take us there . The perimeter is highly guarded . It 's dangerous to approach the factory on foot . What if we had one of their vehicles , could we get in that way ? In order to operate a patrol vehicle , you must have a chip in your hand . The chip activates the ignition system and factory entry . Now , this chip , presumably only the RPPs have them ? Not necessarily . I have a friend , an early model . She 's navigational . Does she have a vehicle ? No . That we 'll have to steal . I like the way he thinks . ( female electronic voice ) Spectra imaging process successful . Data stored . Hey , twin-bots . You guys are Pauls , right ? Nice talkin ' to you . You , what 's your name ? Aldohn E.075. I 'm a technical engineering device equipped with the most current memory and micro-circuitry upgrades . I 'm very happy for you . How about unstrapping me ? No . Where 's my friend ? Is he all right ? Father is anxious to meet you . [ Pneumatic door hissing ] Q-Ball , you okay ? Yeah . They do that scanning thing to you , too ? Yeah . What was that all about ? I am not sure . Check these out . ( Aldohn ) Sort of adds a whole new meaning to livening up the room , doesn 't it ? Welcome to Aldohn Robotic Technologies . You must be Father . [ Aldohn snickers ] Oh , only to the machines . I 'm James Aldohn . Quinn Mallory . Rembrandt Brown . You 'll , uh , have to excuse this , uh , industrial accident . ( Rembrandt ) You 're him . Matt . ( Aldohn ) Very perceptive . Me at 23 . Matt . ( Aldohn ) I was a handsome devil , wasn 't I ? Well , I can 't tell you how good it is to see faces that I didn 't create with my own hands . You 're the only one left ? The last human ? Well , I thought I was . But now that you two have shown up , I 'm clearly not . But I ... I ... I must tell you , I am rather pleased to have the company . [ Birds chirping ] [ Sighs ] You should have told us that Erica was this badly damaged . I 'm not sure that I can fix her . I 'm not an engineering unit . I tried , but was unable to rewire her power supply . If you can 't , she will be permanently inactive . Don 't worry , Deric . The Professor 's good at this . If it 's possible , he can do it . Yes , if it 's possible . What you 're doing there will not work . Please . I think I can make it work . But your pattern of wire relays is not consistent . It 's called improvising . Circuits are so badly burned the only way to re-power her is to work around the damaged areas . Will improvising work ? I don 't know . But if you would shut up , I could finish the job and then we could both find out . I 'm sorry if I was bothering you . I 'll wait upstairs . [ Crackling ] [ Sighs ] ( Wade ) Why do you do that ? Mmm ? What ? Just run all over people 's feelings like nothing else matters but you ? Uh , to begin with , I don 't , and secondly , he 's not a person . Well , he has feelings . Miss Wells , he 's a machine . You really think that , don 't you ? Miss Wells , I don 't want to get into this now . You know , I guess you 're right , I mean , he ... he is a machine . That thing that powers him , his battery , that ... that would be right around here , right ? You 're right . Right . And whenever he goes to take a step or he reaches out to catch a raindrop in the palm of his hand , he 's just reacting to an electrical impulse sent from , what ? Right about here , right ? Right . Right , yeah . L ... I guess he is a machine . But guess what ? We may run on different oils , but we 're machines , too . And if you consider how you 've just behaved , you 'd realize that that machine upstairs has just acted a whole lot more human than you have . Just a minute , young lady . You and I are not machines and he , by definition , is not human . Now , I don 't care how creative he is , whether he can compose a symphony or write a sonnet . He cannot experience the joy of creativity nor can he experience the pain of failure . Now , what 's the difference between us and them ? It 's the ability to tell the difference between right and wrong . It 's our capacity for moral growth . It 's our capacity for love , truthfulness , charity , and an ability to put up with friends when they drive us to the point of distraction . When I see those characteristics in him , then I 'll reconsider the question . Till then , he 's just a damn walking calculator ! [ Crackling ] Where I come from , the sky is blue , sunset 's orange . This is an interesting change . Sky coloration is the result of light waves entering the atmosphere . On your world , particles and gases in your atmosphere capture the blue waves and scatter them . Here , our particles must be smaller , allowing the blue to pass but capturing the violet , causing our sky to appear lilac . Oh , that sort of takes all the mystery out of it , doesn 't it ? Have I ruined it for you ? No . It 's still really beautiful . You look somewhat sad . [ Birds chirping ] Maybe I am , a little . Why ? I guess , sometimes I just feel a little lonely even when I 'm with my friends . It 's like I 'm , I 'm just traveling through these worlds and I ... I don 't have any grounding . There 's nothing that connects me to anybody or anything . And when I see something as beautiful as this , it just ... It reminds me that I 'm pretty much moving through life alone . You are not alone , Wade . I am here with you . That was nice . Uh , Deric ... I 'm ... I 'm sorry . This ... This just isn 't right . ( Aldohn ) Eventually , my robots comprised the entire work force . Of course , when people realized that they had abdicated their very usefulness , they got scared . They thought if they destroyed the robots , then everything would return to the way it had been . [ Scoffs ] Very foolish . Very foolish , indeed . The clock can never be turned back . The robots just wouldn 't go away , would they ? They fought for survival . No , no , no , no . Not all of them . Only the ERI models . You see , what the people forgot was that survival is one of the strongest drives we humans have . Well , the ERls are programmed for survival . There must be some more people out there . Your robots wouldn 't have killed them all . As far as I know , no man survived , except me . Of course , they , they couldn 't very well kill the creator now , could they ? It 's true . A Paul just informed me . Where did they come from ? According to them , another dimension . ( Shauna ) Passing between dimensions is highly possible . It would require opening an energy passage of identical polarity , and identifying parallel coordinates for exit and entry . The calculations involved in determining those factors would be impossible for a human to reach on their own . I used a computer . Yes . You 'd have to . Another one of your creations , huh ? When my wife , Shauna , died , I couldn 't bear the loneliness . So I simply recreated the woman I fell in love with . She is an Erica model , but with my constant tinkering , I 've managed to keep her working just fine . The perfect wife and lover . You look shocked . L ... I just wouldn 't have thought that was possible . Well , as I told you before , the ERls replicated the most basic of human functions . [ Inaudible ] Hmm . Paul has just told me that , uh , he and the others have prepared a splendid meal in your honor . I 'm sorry . We already told you , we have friends outside . We 've already stayed too long . James was so hoping you would stay , if only for a game of Monopoly . We can 't . Thank you for the tour , though . ( Aldohn ) Oh , I missed that , too . The unsurpassed arrogance of the individual . Especially when he feels mistreated . Or is about to be . Sorry , gentlemen , but you left me no choice . You will be staying the night . Now , let 's see what the robots have cooked up , hmm ? [ Doors hissing ] The Pauls are programmable to almost any task . Mmm . Truly an extraordinary unit . They were modeled after my son . He was killed in an accident when a non-visual automaton crushed him . ( Aldohn ) Fortunately for Shauna , she 's been programmed not to remember him . She 's been spared that pain entirely . ( Rembrandt ) Lucky her . Who 'd want to remember anything about their own kid ? Not to your liking ? I had enough of this kind of meal when I was in the service . We used to call it SOS , which in this case , is more of a compliment . Trust me , you don 't wanna know . I 'll ... I 'll have them fix you something else . How about just letting us go ? I 'm sorry . I , uh , can 't do that . ( Rembrandt ) I 'll tell you what you can 't do . You can ' t force us to stay here and keep you company . You really think this is about my desire for human company ? I could build robots for that , and they 'd be more pleasant to spend time with than either of you . Fine , then why don 't you build yourself a couple little playmates and let us go ? [ Aldohn sighs ] You have something I need . Something that I can 't yet build . The only thing that we have that you can 't build is our minds . Yes . The human mind is the last great mystery of our existence . And I , I have found a way to duplicate it . To actually download a living mind into a mechanical substructure . And you want to practice on us ? ( Aldohn ) Yes . And you two will be my first guinea pigs . [ Door opening ] ( Aldohn ) Gentlemen , meet the next generation of your existence . Great . They cut the power off to the door . Try the window . It 's gonna need some help opening . Please tell me you got some kind of idea about how to get out of here . I do . Through that door . I 'm gonna have to slave the power from this light to try and open it . Just hope there 's enough slack in this wiring to do this . That is amazing . That brain of yours just keeps working overtime . I mean , when I look up there , all I see is recessed lighting , you ... you see the wires , electricity , a way out of here . Look , man , I 'm sorry if I 'm not carrying my weight sometimes . What 're you talkin ' about ? You always carry your weight . They 've been so many times where if you hadn 't been there , I don 't know if I 'd be here today . [ Scoffs ] Yeah , sure . I 'm serious , man . We 've been in some pretty hairy situations , and I thought for sure we 'd bought it and then , bang ! [ Snapping finger ] Remmy pops out . Maybe you don 't realize how lucky we are to have you along for this ride but I do , and I know the others do , too . Thanks , man . [ Grunting ] Right . Well done , Professor . That only took 16 hours and 2 minutes . 16 hours and two minutes ? My word ! If I had known it would take that long , I wouldn 't have bothered . I could have created one from scratch in half the time . I find that highly improbable . He was joking . Right . Let 's see what Dr. Frankenstein has accomplished then , shall we ? [ Buzzing ] [ Erica crashing ] ( Wade ) Did you cross a wire or something ? ( Deric ) She 's supposed to do this . She 's re-setting her spatial orientation coordinates . Deric . [ Exclaims ] Erica , this is Wade and Professor . They helped reactivate you . Thank you . ( both ) You 're welcome . It wasn 't exactly a selfless act , though . We need your help . I have the chip . You can 't engage the ignition system without it . Deric told us already . Why do you have it ? What is your primary function ? Ericas are ERI companion units . My primary function was companionship . Along with that , she was designed to make life easier . That included running errands and maintenance schedules . The chip allowed her to re-enter the factory . If I were Aldohn , the first model I 'd recall would be the one with a built-in key . Actually , Ericas were the first to be recalled . Sorry . How did you avoid being recalled ? My human companion shielded me from the Pauls . And what became of your human companion ? They do foot patrols in these buildings every 22 minutes . ( Deric ) One should arrive soon . Erica or I will jump the Paul . We can match his strength for a short period . One of you must open his panel and pull his spinal bundle . Don 't stop until you hear the snap . Only then will he be disabled . Right . I suggest we divide our forces in two . I will go with Deric . Very well . Miss Wells and I will take the south side . Did you miss me while I was out ? Yes . Even though you had her for company ? I only just met them . She 's small . [ Chuckling ] A lot of humans were . Do you think she 's pretty ? Yes , but no prettier than you . Miss Wells , I want to apologize about that little discussion we had this morning . I was anxious about Quinn and Rembrandt , and , uh , I suppose I took it out on the robot . That 's okay . I hadn 't really thought about it like you , but what you said was right . Deric definitely isn 't human . We kissed . I know , it ... it was ... It was weird . It wasn 't a bad kiss exactly , it just ... It d-didn 't feel real . Look , I 'm ... I 'm sorry if I came down on you like I did . It 's just , you know , sometimes you say things , it just really pushes my buttons , you know ? Miss Wells , the four of us have become an extended family and like all families , I 'm afraid we know how to press each other 's buttons . Well , in case you didn 't realize it , our friendship is very important to me , and I would never let anybody or anything come between that . It means a great deal to me , too . And I promise you , nothing shall ever come between us . And confidentially , I adore you . [ Jeep approaching ] [ Grunts ] ( Professor ) Hold him ! [ Spinal bundle snaps ] Are you all right ? It felt an awful lot like murder . ( Professor ) Let 's press on . 7 more inches . 7 more inches where ? We 've already hooked up every conductor in the room . Not every conductor . You could always hold the wires together . Wait a minute . Water . The perfect conductor for electricity . Fire it up . [ Switchboard crackling ] [ Door opens ] What was that about not carrying your weight ? [ Whispers ] It 's all clear . You know what , Q-Ball , if there aren 't any humans left , why are they still makin ' these things ? These bots are drones , programmed to do a task . They don 't care if there are any people left . They just do their jobs , which is make more . [ Brakes squeal ] ( Professor ) Come on . All right . Deric , you and I will go ahead and see if it 's safe . You two stay here . If there 's any trouble , get out . Okay . Q-Ball ! Do it ! I 'll fry you ! Do it ! [ Panting ] I 'm gonna need a pacemaker after this slide . ( Erica ) Why are you like that with him ? You treat him as if he 's human . I 'm just trying to be nice . Nice . That can mean many things . You 're ... you 're an ERI , right ? You 're not by chance an early model , are you ? I 'm an Aldohn A.01. You 're an alpha model ? Where are you going ? I-I-I 'm just gonna go see where they ... they went . Deric said to stay here . You 're hurting me ! Erica ! What are you doing ? I think I just experienced the ERI chip intensity problem up close and personal . There they are . Quinn ! Rembrandt ! Over here ! They look strange . Yeah . It 's not exactly a great fashion choice for either of them . No , I don 't mean that . Those are not your friends . Run ! Run ! Nice timing . Glad you could make it . [ Buzzing ] Who 's she ? Uh , a friend of Deric 's . Her name 's Erica . All right , come on , people . Let 's move . I 'm so pleased . Your friends have decided to join us . Well , now there 's no reason to leave , is there ? I could definitely think of one . Remarkable . ERls . Delta.063 and , uh , Alpha.01. Oh , how have you managed to survive all this time ? You programmed us well . Yes , I did , didn 't I ? [ Chuckles ] Take them to the task room . What 're you gonna do with them ? Dismantle them . Use them for scrap . You , you 're lucky . You 're lucky your duplicate is in no condition for this experiment . ( Aldohn ) But you , you 're less fortunate . Prepare this one for immediate download . [ Door opening ] Don 't do this , Aldohn . You can 't play God with people . [ Aldohn laughing ] Look around you . Haven 't I already , hmm ? I can 't wait to see if this procedure works . I assure you , Father , it will . If it does , prepare the duplicate for me immediately . Don 't you realize what I 'm giving you , hmm ? Eternal life . You could be a god yourself . I 'd rather die as a man than live forever as some plastic toy who thinks it 's a god . [ Sighs ] Well , depending upon how this little experiment goes , you might just get your wish . Prep him . I 'll be right back . I don 't want to be deactivated . I can 't stop them , Erica . Father made us , and now he will destroy us . Oh , how touching . Well , chivalry , too . Fascinating what your learn mode has done for you . ( Erica ) Deric . [ Spinal bundle snapping ] [ Erica grunting ] [ Erica thudding ] Afraid to die , Deric ? " Science says : 'We must live , ' " and seeks the means of prolonging life . " Wisdom says : 'We must die , ' and seeks how to make us die well . " Quoting man doesn 't make you one . One thing you can say about the bots , they pick up quick . This time they cut off the power to the entire room . What about the windows ? Already been tried . They don 't break . We 'll have to get to Q-Ball before they start that downloading thing . Downloading ? Would that by any chance refer to the ... the transferring of a human mind into a mechanical robot ? That 's exactly how Aldohn explained it . Then we better move quickly . My guess is , after such an experiment , there would only be one viable brain , and it would not be in the human . I don 't think knocking 's gonna help , sweetheart . I 'm looking for the wall stud . My dad once told me and Kelley , if we ever got caught in a fire and couldn 't get out the door , to kick through the sheet rock and climb through to the next room . Here . All right . Step back . It worked ! ( Wade ) Deric and Erica have been deactivated . There 's nothing we can do for them now , sweetheart . Let 's go . No matter what you get , Aldohn , it won 't be me . ( Quinn ) I 've got tears In my ' fro 'Cause I 'm sending Got a long way to go He 's overloading the sensors . The duplicate can 't process this much at one time . [ Quinn continues singing ] We may have underestimated his strength . [ Bleeping ] Okay , experiment 's over . Put it down . I didn 't mind killing him . I might have a twinge of guilt about killing you , but then again , maybe not . You 'll never get off this compound . We 'll find a way . How 's he look ? Wasted . How many fingers am I holding up ? Seven . ( Wade ) Close enough . All right , come on , science boy . [ Grunts ] [ Wires snapping ] Well , sorry to be so brutal , but we need your chip to get out of the compound . ( Quinn-bot ) I 've got tears in my ' fro from loving you so It was the only song I could think of . [ Continues singing ] I 've got tears ( Quinn ) I swear I wasn 't that off-key . From loving you so [ gasping ] ( Quinn ) I figured if I stimulated my brain in enough places at once , they couldn 't get a clean duplicate . ( Rembrandt ) That 's brilliant . Just might have saved you . Coming from you , Rembrandt , that means a lot . [ Gun fires ] Over here ! ( Professor ) Mr. Brown ! Hey , Scarface ! Over here ! James . I 'm one of them ? You didn 't know ? Shauna ? How ? Your experiment . It worked . ( Shauna ) Paul downloaded you . How long have I been like this ? Seven years . It works . Actually works . [ Chuckling ] [ Electronic buzzing ] ( Shauna ) He would 've died in the accident . Paul saved him with the download . If he was a robot , why couldn 't he walk ? The robot body would have walked , but James ' mind lost its locomotive skills in the accident . Almost everything else transferred , though , except for some memories and maybe some of his compassion . [ Sensor bleeping ] So he wasn 't always like that ? Harsh , you mean ? He only became like that after the experiment . We 're not gonna be here much longer . Maybe Quinn could leave instructions for the others to put your husband back , you know , in one form or another . James had a favorite expression : " You can 't turn back the clock . " We missed that point the first time . I think now , we 'll just let him move on . How 's he running ? Oh , considering I only spent 10 hours putting him back together , remarkably well . What about the girl Erica ? Well , I talked with Deric how to reattach the bundle . He 'll do fine . What did Mrs. Aldohn decide ? She 's gonna leave Aldohn deactivated . Very wise . Aldohn , all done . [ Laughs ] Who will be the father , then ? Why not you , Deric ? You seem up to it . I think you 're a little young to be a father , but I 'm sure you 'd be a great leader . I will do what I can . Well , that 's all a man can do , huh ? [ Sighs ] I 'll think of you whenever the particles in the atmosphere catch the light waves and scatter them . Good . Then you will never be alone . Bye . Bye . [ Electronic beeping ] [ Wormhole whooshing ] Last man out !
