 ( Rembrandt ) What are these things ? [ Grunts ] ( Wade ) I don 't think I can keep this up much longer . ( Quinn ) How much time ? ( Rembrandt ) 35 seconds . [ Grunts ] These things are everywhere ! [ Screeching ] [ Screaming ] Hey , get it off me ! Suckers ! [ Screeching ] [ Groaning ] [ Screaming ] You okay ? Come on . Come on . [ Coughs ] ( Rembrandt ) Here we go , guys . Couple of more seconds . [ Electronic beeping ] Okay , let 's go . [ Whooshing ] [ Both groaning ] [ Groans ] It gets my vote as the all-time worst world . Thank God we were only on it for five minutes , huh ? Let 's wipe that world 's coordinates right off the timer . Where 's Maggie ? [ Maggie groaning ] Oh , my God . ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice-over ) Sliders . All right . Step back , folks . [ Vapor hissing ] What are you doing ? Shutting her system down . She 's ice cold . That 's what happens when you 're cryonically suspended . She 'll thaw out just fine after they make a diagnosis . Let 's go . That must be the way they stop further damage until they get to the hospital . ( Quinn ) Is she gonna be all right ? ( Dr. Sylvius ) We don 't know yet , but her vital signs are strong . Has she eaten anything unusual recently ? She might have swallowed something in the bog we were in . Bog ? What bog ? Uh , out in the country . When did this happen ? A few hours ago . Although it seems like a world away . [ Sighing ] I 'd like to show you something . Another three degrees , her body temperature will be back to normal . You know much about this stuff , Q-Ball ? ( Quinn ) Not nearly enough . Our world has barely scratched the surface of cryogenics . Over here . We did a CAT scan and took some X-rays , and everything turned up normal except for something we can 't identify in her stomach . Now , as you can see , her stomach is empty , except for this solid object right there . You sure that isn 't just something she ate ? Well , if the object were ordinary food , it would 've been digested by now . Let me show you this other X-ray . This was taken just five minutes after the first one . Now , as you can see , this object has doubled in size during that time . What the devil could grow that fast ? ( Dr. Sylvius ) Frankly , nothing I 've ever seen . Quinn . [ Coughing ] ( Quinn ) Maggie ! Wade , Remmy . I found her ! Quinn ... Maggie ? What are you doing here ? I don 't know . We 've got to get you back to the hospital . What hospital ? Come on . [ Coughing ] [ All chattering ] [ Electronic bleeping ] [ Electronic bleeping ] ( captain ) There she is , right there . Come on , let 's go . Hey , hey , let her go ! Get your hands off her . Hey , back off ! ( girl ) Please , no ! Get up against the car . ( captain ) What you think you 're doin ' ? What the hell do you think you 're doin ' ? D Squad . Where 's your donor tag ? What , she doesn 't have one , either ? Put them in the truck . ( Wade ) Where are you taking us ? We were just trying to help her ! Whoa , whoa . Don 't push your luck . You may be over 25 , but I 'll still take you in for obstruction . Move along . [ Panting ] Where are they taking them ? I don 't know . Let 's get you back to the hospital . I 'm fine . You 're shivering , girl . L ... I ... I just ... I need to get someplace warm . Let 's get you back to the hotel . ( Rembrandt ) Look , all they said was that they were D Squad , and then they took them away . Yes , I 'll hold . [ Sighs ] Man , it is hot in here . This feels great . No wonder . The heat was up to 90 . I 'm here . Yeah . What ? All right , now where is that in the complex ? Okay , thank you . It seems they have a mandatory organ donor program on this world . Everybody between the ages of 18 and 25 have their wrist implanted with their medical profile . Where are you going ? They 're gonna implant Quinn and Wade . Wait . Don 't go yet . Why not ? What are you doing ? I like you . Maggie , look , wait a minute . I think this is a little inappropriate . I mean , especially when our friends are in trouble . I want you . What 's gotten into you ? I want you , baby . What ? What are you talking about ? Cut it out ! What the devil is wrong with you ? What the hell ... You keep the hell away from me . [ People chattering ] ( man ) Go there if you want . You okay ? Yeah . I 'd feel a lot better if I knew what this was . Congratulations . You 've just been inducted into the organ-donor program . This disk , implanted in your wrist carries your complete medical profile . As you know , between the ages of 18 and 25 , your organs are in peak physical condition . If you are called upon to save the life of a valuable American , we 'll preserve those organs by cryogenically freezing your body until such time as they are needed . Please know that your government and your fellow Americans thank you . Congratulations . You 've just been inducted into the organ donor program . ( Wade ) This is barbaric . And I thought the military draft was bad on our world . Hey , guys . Thank God I found you . We 've got a big problem . Don 't worry , we can get them removed in the next world . Yeah , well , we 've got another problem . Maggie . That thing in her stomach ? It 's more than just a thing . Her blood test reveals several extreme abnormalities , so I had the DNA lab run some more tests . The results are astonishing . That small object in her stomach that we couldn 't identify at first ? Well , it appears to be some kind of egg , and it 's rapidly replicating . How rapidly ? At about nine times that of normal cell multiplication . It also appears to be imitating aspects of the DNA of its host . Are you saying it 's cloning her ? That 's not right . What I saw come out of her mouth was some kind of creature . Look , right now , all we know is that we 're dealing with some kind of symbiont . And that it could be very , very valuable . Valuable ? Trust me , you don 't even want to be around this thing . I 'm not so sure about that . Now , if we can harness it and learn how it replicates the DNA of its host then we can generate replacement organs consequently putting an end to our mandatory organ-donor program . How do we get it out of her ? I 'm not so sure . It appears to be in some kind of breeding pattern , which could explain why it 's so aggressive . I believe she was trying to use you , Mr. Brown , as a host to incubate her eggs . Gee , and I thought she liked me . Why would it want men ? Well , it could be gynandromorphic . It has characteristics of both sexes , so it is possible it can only impregnate a host of the opposite sex . If she starts laying eggs inside other men and we don 't know who they are ... You 're gonna have one hell of an epidemic on your hands . So , where does a woman go when she 's looking for a man ? If she doesn 't care what kind of guy it is ? A bar . Okay . Let 's split up . [ Horn honking ] [ Siren wailing ] What can I get you ? You always keep the air conditioning so cold in here ? Cold ? It must be 85 degrees in here . Sorry , babe . I don 't get off until 2 : 00 and I 'm already taken . That 's okay . You 're not what I need . I may not be your type , but I like your style , girl . [ Sighing ] No . What do you want ? I want to touch you . Why ? I like you . Don 't worry , I won 't bite . Hey , where you going ? You 're not right . What is this ? Some kind of sick joke you play on people , huh ? Come on , what do you say , uh , you and me go someplace we can be alone ? No . Hey ! What 's the matter , babe ? You don 't like the feel of my chest hair , huh ? Let 's see how you like it ! [ Yelping ] I said no . This is a big singles hangout . What do you think ? You want to know if I think she 's capable of doing damage ? From what Rembrandt said , I think she 's capable of anything . Excuse me . Did you see a brunette in here tonight ? About 5 ' 5 " , mid-twenties , alone ? She 's who did that . First thing she did was come in here complaining about the air conditioner . Said it was cold in here . Man , if it had been any hotter , I would 've just melted . And then ? And then she went around feeling on guys ' chests . What happened to him ? He wasn 't her type and he wasn 't very good at rejection , either . He got a little pushy , and she broke his arm in half . Her complaining about it being too cold in here , before she attacked Remmy in the hotel room , he said it was like a sauna . She had the heat up to 90 . Then she must need an extremely warm environment in order to lay her eggs . And she 's probably looking for people who have , uh , a higher than normal body temperature . Feeling them could be her way of checking . That 's what it seems like . She could be anywhere by now . I think we should tell the police ... No , no . Uh , you can 't trust them . They shoot first and ask questions later . You know , if the symbiont needs warmth , it 's just possible that I can coax it out of your friend by lowering her body temperature . Okay . So where do we find heat on a cold night ? [ Thudding ] Ma 'am ? Ma 'am ? Excuse me , ma 'am . Judging from the description given by one of the condo tenants , the attacker had to be your friend . Can you tell if she mated with him ? Well , the X-ray didn 't turn up anything unusual in his stomach , so my guess is , this wasn 't about procreation . She probably saw the uniform , felt threatened and attacked in self-defense . I need to sign the order to freeze this body for organ harvest . You know , when we first started sliding , all I saw was adventure . Now all I seem to see is death . What does that mean ? Nothing . No . No , go ahead and say what you were thinking . You think this man would still be alive if it wasn 't for me . That 's not what I said . Hey , Q-Ball , come on . And the Professor . He 'd be alive , too , if I hadn 't invented sliding . Look , that wasn 't your fault . It 's all my fault . The Professor , this man , Maggie 's next victim . All because I lost control of something I didn 't know enough about . So please , go ahead and tell me what you were thinking because I think about it every minute of every day . What about Maggie ? Yes , of course . How could I have forgotten about Maggie ? She 'll die , too . Thank you for reminding me . What I meant was that Maggie would be dead right now if we hadn 't slid into her world . She owes you her life , Quinn . So do the other 150 people that you found a new home for . Yeah , well , Maggie 's not lost yet . But if you don 't stop worrying about your ego and start focusing on finding her , she will be . Point taken . But this is a big city . Yeah , but we know that thing inside of her loves hot water and it craves steam . And we know it 's looking for men . The beach ? Too public . What are you thinking ? Health clubs ? It 's got everything it wants . Men , steam rooms , and privacy . Look , there are only three in this area . Come on . Hi , welcome to the club . I 'm Tami . Can I help you ? I 'm looking for a man . [ Laughs ] Who isn 't ? Uh , miss . Miss , you can 't go back unless you 're a member . If you 'd like a complimentary tour , I can ... Yes . Take me inside . Okay . This way . ( Tami ) This is our slow period . Most of our members are at work this time of day . What do you do ? Reproduce . Uh , we 're the only club in LA with our own line of complimentary shampoos and conditioners . These are our private showers . Isn 't that hot ? No , it 's wonderful . What are you doing ? Ma 'am , I 'm sorry , but I 'm gonna have to call security . [ Screeching ] This is the last one . If she 's not here ... Hello ? All right , you check out the ladies ' locker room . We 'll look upstairs . Maggie ? Maggie ? Maggie ? [ Moaning ] ( Rembrandt ) Are the women here exceptionally beautiful , or have I been sliding too long ? These people have probably spent more time under the scalpel than they have the barbell . Yeah , they inject most chickens with hormones . It doesn 't make that thigh any less enjoyable . Let 's go . Come on . Hey , no ! See , I can 't understand how come they don 't fight back . Different worlds , different customs . What ? I 'm just surprised at how fast you can dismiss oppression as a custom . Maggie ? It 's Wade . Wade ? Yeah . Listen to me . You 're sick . We need to get you back to the hospital . Maggie ? Maggie ? I , I 'm gonna go find Quinn . [ Groaning ] Wade . Oh , Wade , help me . You can 't stop me ! [ Door creaking ] ( man ) Come in or close the door . You 're letting steam out . What are you doing ? Do you know this room isn 't co-ed ? Not that I mind having you in here . So , what 's your name ? What 's it matter , anyway ? You 're the one . Whatever you say . [ Slithering ] [ Gagging ] [ Wheezing ] Hey , Remmy . What was that back there ? Oh , it 's just that we 've been traveling so long together , I forget how different we really are . I don 't follow . Q-Ball . We may slide to parallel dimensions together but we grew up in different worlds . Now , bottom line , I 've seen oppression close up . To you , it 's just another word in a history book . ( Wade ) Quinn ? Wade . Hey , girl , you all right ? Yeah . Maggie , she 's upstairs . Stay with her . [ Knocking at door ] Maggie ! [ Grunts ] Stay away from me , or I 'll kill you ! ( Wade ) Yeah . Okay . Okay . I 'll be down in a little while . Look , I told you , I 'm fine . Just worry about Quinn . [ Laughs ] Okay . Bye . How is he ? Well , Remmy said that the ER doctor diagnosed a mild concussion but he should be okay . How cold is it in there ? Not cold enough . I want you to look at this . The symbiont 's not uncomfortable enough to leave the body of the host . I 'm gonna have to turn it down another 30 degrees . Wait , his heartbeat 's down to five per minute . Nobody can live at that rate . I have to do whatever it takes to get that symbiont out , okay ? Yeah , but you might kill him . [ Slithering ] [ Electronic beeping ] It 's moving . The symbiont 's moving . [ Electronic beeping ] It 's out ! Turn the gas off ! Oh , damn it ! It must be too young to survive without the host . But the one inside your friend is stronger . It 's more mature . It has a better chance of survival . What about him ? There are ice crystals in his blood . We don 't seem to be able to get the body cold enough to drive the symbiont out without killing the host . Wh-what are you saying ? You 're gonna have to kill Maggie ? It 's one life in exchange for the chance to save a lot more . So that makes it right ? My brother was a forced organ donor . He was only 23 when they harvested him and nobody cared whether it was right or wrong . So don 't ask me to shed any tears over a stranger . I 'm not buying your explanation , Doctor . It seems a little too rehearsed . Wouldn 't the person who developed the ability to replicate human organs stand to make a lot of money ? Where does it say science can 't be profitable ? I 'm not gonna let you do this to Maggie . [ Dialing telephone ] [ Sighing ] This is Dr. Sylvius . I 'd like to activate a profile . [ Electronic beeping ] Got her . Remmy ! Wade ? Remmy ! Hey , let ... It 's a setup ! They 're gonna kill Maggie ! ( Rembrandt ) Hey , let her go ! Hey , wait a minute . All right ! [ Grunting ] I could kill you right now . But I 'm giving you a chance to live which is more than you 're giving Wade and Maggie . I 'm doing what I have to ! That symbiont could make our organ donor program obsolete . Yeah , by killing our friend . Look , if you want to change things , you start by changing the law . Well , this is a lot more expedient . And profitable ? ( Quinn ) You two can debate about this later . You got Wade prepped for harvest . I want her back . How do we make that happen ? [ Exhales ] [ Panting ] Bring me Maggie . Once I have the symbiont , you can have Wade . And if there 's no Maggie ? There 's a bureaucrat in the State Department that needs a new lung . Wade just happens to be a perfect match . We 'll need one of those cold-trauma guns . They 're in the ER . Meet me there . How long till we slide ? I don 't know . I , uh , I left the timer back at the Chancellor . What ? You left it at the hotel ? Look , I had just been attacked by an alien , Q-Ball , so I was a little preoccupied . All right , we 'll get it , then we 'll go looking for Maggie . [ Sighs ] Well , what if we can 't find her ? Then we come back here , get Wade out and slide without Maggie . It 's the lesser of two evils . Not by much . [ Electronic beeping ] That 's him , right there ! [ Tires screeching ] I must have sounded like such a jerk when I made that crack about oppressive worlds back at the gym . Oh , forget it . No . When you said we grew up in different worlds , you were right . I haven 't lived your life , and I know I don 't have all the answers . You know , sometimes you act like you do . I don 't know , Q-Ball , maybe it 's because you 've gotten us into all of this , so you feel responsible for us , you know ? Yeah , I know there 's still plenty about life I can learn . And next time you have an opinion different than mine , you tell me . I 'll listen . All right . Fair enough . Fair enough . [ Car honking ] I don 't think she 's here . Yeah , it 's too cold . Where 's the timer ? Over there . Three hours . Not much time to cover a city . We meet back at the hospital at 4 : 00 , with or without Maggie . All right . You are one smart symbiont . Q-Ball ? She 's in here , Rembrandt . Okay , look , just open the door . [ Screeching ] I can 't just yet ! Everything 's okay . Just stay cool . Right , Maggie ? Let 's just stay cool . [ Screeching ] Maggie ! No more Maggie ! Q-Ball , talk to me , man ! What 's going on ? [ Shrieking ] Remmy ! Move ! Just like you said . Stay cool . And if this doesn 't work ? We take her with us . Are you crazy ? Wade , I know you 've got issues with Maggie . This doesn 't have anything to do with her . That thing will attack either one of you , first chance it gets . She 's not your responsibility . She was not dragged into this like we were . She insisted on coming . You would have done the same in her position . Look , you 've got two people here who rate a little higher on your scale of responsibility . And we both vote to leave her here . Is that right , Rembrandt ? I know it 's not an easy decision , Q-Ball . We 're not leaving without her . You 've got a thing for her , don 't you ? That 's ridiculous . Is it ? ( Dr. Sylvius ) The symbiont 's moving around but not out . I 'll have to lower the temperature another 10 degrees . She 'll die at that temperature . Give it five more minutes . Five minutes , five hours . It doesn 't matter . Now , I 'm sorry , but we 'll have to motivate that symbiont into the aquarium somehow . It 's too smart to fall for this . It knows we want it out of the body . Then we will lower the temperature some more . It will abandon the host , one way or another . We had a deal , Mallory . You get Wade and I get the symbiont . You will kill her . [ Sighs ] Do you realize that all I have to do is push this button and two of you suddenly become organ donors ? I 've got another idea . I 'm listening . It wanted to mate with me . Well , convince it to live in me instead . Are you insane ? Just to lure it out , Wade . Then we grab it and throw it in the aquarium . [ Exhaling ] Come . Be with me . That 's right , warmth . That 's what you want . It 's working . Yeah , but not fast enough . One minute . Live in me . Turn up the temperature . I already did . Live in me . Come on . [ Shrieking ] Shut down the nitrogen ! I 'm losing it ! Put it in the aquarium , quick ! Hold on ! Watch out , it 's loose ! Don 't hurt it ! Hold this ! 10 seconds ! What 's happening ? You hang tight there , girl . We 're getting you out of here . Five ... No ! ( Rembrandt ) Quinn , no ! [ Electronic beeping ] I can 't just leave her like that ! You know what it 'll do to her ! No , Q-Ball ! No time ! Go , Wade . Go . [ Whooshing ] Q-Ball , you asked me how I see things differently . I see how the good book tells the truth . " Reap what you sow . " You asked I told you . Now , choose . Doctor , are you all right ? I 'm fine .
