 [ Wade and Professor exclaiming ] [ Quinn grunting ] Have you gone completely insane ? That pygmy was practically drooling over you . All I did was smile . [ Panting ] Wade , do us all a favor . Next time some native boy makes eyes at you , look the other way . How was I supposed to know that smiling meant I 'd have his children ? And I thought men on our world didn 't take rejection well . [ Birds chirping ] Guys , check it out . It must be Christmas . I guess I lost all track of time on Jungle World . Look , what a beautiful chapel . Let 's go in , huh ? I want to give thanks for getting out of that last world alive . We can all say amen to that . Amen . [ Bells chiming ] Lt 'll just take me a sec . Excuse me . Would you mind holding him for a moment while I light a candle ? He 's decided to get fussy all of a sudden . I would be delighted . Matter of fact , I , I delivered a little fellow like this not long ago . Thank you . [ Baby gurgling ] Yes . Feisty little fellow , hey ? Sort of reminds me of you , Professor . Interesting how babies bring out the best in people . Possibly because they remind us that there can be such a thing as perfection . Maybe it 's because they 're just bundles of unconditional love , huh ? Hey , where 'd this little guy come from ? We 're just holdin ' it for the lady right over ... ( Rembrandt ) Hey , where 'd she go ? Hey . [ Gurgling ] Come on , little chap . Let 's go and find your mom , shall we ? Would you mind holding him just for a second ? [ Driver chattering ] ( Professor ) Hey ! Hey . Stop that bus . Madam , hey ... ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders . ( priest ) We 'll have to turn him over to the welfare people . We may be able to find the child 's mother . We have reason to believe she works at the Sky High Plaza . God , that place . I should have known . Why should you have known ? A lot of people here in the flats think that Sky High is a paradise . But , make no mistake , just because it 's in the clouds , doesn 't make it Heaven . As for this child , we simply have no way to care for him . Father , we are only here for two days . I beg you , give us that time to try and find the child 's mother . Thank you . All right . Okay . You take care now , little one . We 'll be back . [ People chattering ] ( Rembrandt ) Hey , check this out . The Jetsons live , huh ? ( Wade ) How does this thing stay up ? ( Quinn ) I think it 's balanced by those tiers . Well , If it 's not , there 's been a significant change in the laws of physics . ( Professor ) Though one can hardly admire a world that places shopping in higher esteem than motherhood . Maybe he knows her and the baby from our world . That would explain his obsession with her . He 'd have said so . ( man ) Attention shoppers . ; Only two more shopping days till Christmas . Show someone your love with that extra-special gift . Instant credit loans always available . Boy , that brings the Christmas spirit to a new low . Yes , sir , it does . ( woman ) If you think you 've finished shopping for Christmas , why not start on next year ? ( Quinn ) Since when does a mall have schools , libraries , and a hospital ? People live here , too . This whole area is residential . That 's her . Wait a minute , just a minute , ma 'am , ma 'am . [ Stuttering ] I 'm terribly sorry . I mistook you for somebody else . [ Grunting ] No , let me go ! Please , no . Stop . Stop . Did you see the way his bracelet lit up ? Like it shocked him . And what was with the armed escorts ? Yeah , I 'm going to check with the , uh , personnel office . I 'm starvin ' . [ Woman chattering over speaker ] There you go . Comes to $ 28.50 . Keep the change . We don 't take cash . Only your Plaza Club card . Your debit card . Sorry . I 'm really sorry . Please . We 're starving . Look , they 're still hiring seasonal help right now . And the jobs come with housing and Plaza cards . There 's the assistant manager right now . I can talk to her for you . Ms. Wells , there are some people here who need debit cards and I told them you might have some work for them . L ... I ... I can 't deal with this right now . What 's up ? That 's Wade 's sister and dad . Kelly Wells , assistant to the president . Hi , Rembrandt Brown . Don Wells , Food Court Manager . Hi , how are you ? [ Sighing ] Look , it 's , it 's no big deal , okay . I just , I ... I don 't want them to see me . Sure , I understand . It 's Christmas . Why would you want to be with your family ? They 're not my family , Quinn . ( Wade ) That is not my father . I never shared a room with that Kelly . Okay ? Nothing that ... that happens in two days is going to change that . All right , I 've got what I came for . Let 's go . Hey , guys , I think we 've got jobs . [ Woman chattering over speaker ] Let me get your names . Starting with you . Eh , my name is Prof. Maximillian Arturo , Ms. Wells . She doesn 't know me . ( Rembrandt ) Yeah , but without a name , the directory is useless . ( Professor ) I don 't care if I have to knock on every door in this Plaza , I 'm going to find her . I don 't suppose you 'd want to trade , would you ? Hey , Wade , you all right ? I must not exist on this world . You know , it 's ... it 's a weird feeling . I know , it 's stupid . I shouldn 't ... shouldn 't even feel this way . No , you care because you wanted them to know who you were . So , maybe you could have spent a real Christmas with them . I 'm never spending Christmas with my family again , Quinn . Wade , we are getting home . When ? The next slide ? What ? The slide after that ? Next year ? Tell me when . ( supervisor ) Be late again and you 're fired . Each of you earns $ 200 a day . Half is deducted for your housing . You 're also required to spend $ 80 a day . You can spend it however you like , but you must spend it . ( Rembrandt ) So we only get to keep $ 20 ? ( Professor ) That 's outrageous . ( man ) Sky High Plaza ... And never , never stand between the monitor and the kids . It 's grounds for dismissal . Okay , school lets out in 10 minutes , so think " happy , " think " toys , " think " sales . " [ Carols playing on radio ] ( Quinn ) Kelly . Here you go . Well , you make a handsome elf . You make a very pretty assistant to the president . As cute as you are like that , I have a better offer for you . Meet me in my office in 20 minutes . ( Bernsen ) Kelly . [ Exclaims ] How did you manage to get a crew here so quickly ? I only just fired the last ones two hours ago . You said not to waste any time , Ted . You know , you are getting better at running this place than I am . People , this is Ted Bernsen , Plaza President . The last crew didn 't meet our standards . I expect you will . Hi , Ms. Wells . I need to talk with you about your spending , Ginny . It 's only at 48 percent . Last month it was only 62 . You know my mom is sick . Her prescriptions have been eating up my spending money . I 'm going to have to dock you three weeks ' pay . [ Sighs ] Sorry . Kelly ... Don 't start , Dad . Problem handled ? Mr. Bernsen , could I have a moment alone with my daughter , please ? Sorry , Don . I need her . ( boy ) And I want a Sammy Spender Doll and I want a Cosmic Turbo Fighter Jet and I want this Icky , Nasty Ooze . Why don 't we try something different for a change ? Hey , how about something to stimulate your imagination , like , um , like a chemistry set or , uh , building blocks . Look , Santa . If you don 't give me what I want , they 'll know . [ Camera humming ] All right . All right , I 'll give you what you want but first you 're going to have to listen to a little story . Okay ? Once upon a time there was a rotten , stinky little boy who was greedy . His name was ... ( woman ) Toy Mania carries everything ... ( Rembrandt ) Prices are the lowest here That 's a pretty catchy tune , huh ? ( Wade ) Yeah , not bad . If you don 't mind corrupting the meaning of Christmas completely . Hark the Herald Jewelers sing Buy your wife a diamond ring [ Rembrandt laughs ] ( woman ) Toy Mania is where your dreams come true . So , the little boy picked up the big parcel and left the little gift under the tree . What did he get ? A new bike ? A new TV ? He got nothing . You see , Santa doesn 't reward greedy little boys . [ Exclaims ] No , he only brings presents for good little boys and girls . And for those who are bad , he just leaves them a sock full of coal . What a buzz kill . What a buzz kill , indeed . Yeah , well ... Look , um , you run along now , and tell your friends that story , and , uh ... And I 'll be back shortly . Excuse me one moment . Miss . Miss . Carol . So that 's your name . You 're the one from the church . Yes , I want to talk to you about your son . Please , just ... just leave me alone . You 'll get me docked . Carol , you 've made a terrible mistake , but there 's still time to put it right . Come back to the church with me . I haven 't made a mistake . I know what I 'm doing . They own me . As long as I 'm wearing this , he 's better off in the flats without me . Carol ! [ Woman chattering over speaker ] Professor , the kids are ... ( woman ) Toy Mania carries everything for every child of every age . Hey , are you all right ? No , I am not all right . This is a despicable world . The children are all greedy , mothers think nothing of abandoning their infants . Everything about this is fake . Including me . What the devil am I doing playing jolly old Santa Claus ? Just contributing to this fraud on children ? That last story didn 't sound like perpetuating the fraud to me . You were trying to teach a kid a lesson . Yes , do you think he heard me ? Maybe he did . No , I don 't think so . Not with parents so consumed by consumerism . Oh dear , all this wretched advertising and jingles . So , you 're just going to let them down because it 's too much work to reach them ? Look , you 're wearing that suit . It comes with strings attached . You 've got to keep trying . [ Exclaims ] I don 't think so . Yes ? Santa , I broke my little brother 's favorite toy and I ... I promised I 'd get him a new one but I never did . [ Sighs ] Please don 't bring me a sock full of coal . [ Exclaims ] Do you know that telling the truth just put you on Santa 's good list ? Yes , it did . May I hear another story ? Yes , of course you can . May I tell you the one about the impudent elf who taught Santa a lesson ? Come along , then . Once upon a time , there was an impudent elf . [ Music playing ] Check you out . Check out jolly old St. Nick . Yeah , workin ' Santa 's magic . Well , that 's it , children . Santa has to go and feed his reindeer now . [ Children sighing ] Nothing like the magic of a good old-fashioned Christmas story . The kids love it . They won 't let him stop . Hey , Santa . How about another story ? Maybe Rudolph ? Three renderings of Rudolph in one day is enough for any man . You tell me a story . What about , uh , Carol and this bracelet ? The bracelets are used as monitors and they shock you if you go out of your approved zone . Anybody who couldn 't pay off their debt on demand has to wear one and they 're forced to live and work here until their debt is paid off in full . If you only get to keep $ 20 a day , paying ' off your debt would take a lifetime . There are 42 Carols who work here and wear bracelets . That 's all I could narrow it down to . There 's your list , Santa . 42 ? ( woman ) Nobody does it better than Sky High Plaza . Wade , isn 't it ? Shop till you drop . Then visit the Food court ... Do I make you uncomfortable ? You seem so nervous around me . No , it-it 's just , uh ... You 're staring at me . I 'm so sorry . It 's hard not to . You look so much like Kelly , you could almost be related . [ Titters ] Yeah . L ... I guess . Well , good night . Say , wait a minute . Why don 't you let me cook you a nice homemade meal ? I 'm known for my legendary Texas chili . Please ? Let me cook you dinner . Make up for the one you dropped . Okay . ( woman ) Find it all at the mall . Sky High Plaza has stores ... ( Professor ) You know , my search would go a lot quicker if you would , uh , give me a hand . Can 't Q-Ball help ? Oh , no . He 's having dinner with , uh , Kelly Wells . This is becoming a bit of an obsession , isn 't it ? It 's only commercials . Shh . What do you mean " shh " ? What are you doing ? Look , why would you care , anyway ? Mr. Brown , I do care . That is enough . Look , maybe I 'll help you tomorrow . Right now I 've got to do this , okay ? I 'm makin ' a gift list . Sure . Thank you . ( Quinn ) Haven 't you ever had a real Christmas ? ( Kelly ) Not in a long time . After my mom died , Christmas really changed . I know the feeling . I lost my father when I was 11 . For years after that Christmas just seems empty . But then this one year , I must have been 15 , my mom and I were at this tree farm and we were walkin all over the place , arguing about which tree to get . I spot this one tree that had been cut down already . Its branches were broken and twisted , the bottom was crooked . Totally pathetic . Charlie Brown wouldn 't even want this tree . Who 's Charlie Brown ? This kid I grew up with . Anyway , my dad had been coming home with trees like this my whole life . So , when I saw that tree lying there , it was like he had cut it down for us . After that , Christmas didn 't seem so empty anymore . Because I knew my dad was there . In that tree , in our house , in our family traditions . [ Exclaims ] Isn 't anything up here real ? Oh . It 's too hard to bring real trees up here , but this is fine . Kelly , there ... there is a whole world down there to see . You should check it out sometime . There 's nothing down there for me . Don 't you want to go back to San Francisco ? See your home again ? This is my home . Kelly . I 've been looking for you everywhere . They just called . I got the promotion . I start as Regional Manager in January . That is so great . Everything you 've worked for . Everything we 've worked for . I 'm not going alone . You are coming with me . ( Don ) We made those before we could afford to buy any . Kelly is the little girl , and that 's my wife . ( Wade ) She looks so young . Well , We weren 't much older than you when we got married . If you don 't mind me asking , what happened to her ? She died in childbirth , along with our second little girl . I 'm s-so sorry . Thank you . Kelly and I didn 't move to the mall until after Liz died , I look around this room , I can still feel her presence . I look at Kelly , I can see her smile and see her intelligence . Even you remind me of her . It 's my eyes . People always tell me that my eyes look just like ... I ... I can see the resemblance in the picture . Sure . Well , I 'll , uh , see about dinner . Okay . [ Knock on door ] Ah , there you are at last . This is the 38th house I 've knocked on this evening . So why don 't you just leave me alone ? Look , give me 15 minutes of your time and if you want me out of your life , I 'll be out . [ Sighs ] What 's his name ? Alexander . My wife and I talked about moving to a mall somewhere , you know . About the opportunities it provided for Kelly . Liz was dead set against it at the time . I must say , I wish I 'd listened to her now . If I had to do it over again , I would never have brought Kelly here to live . ( Wade ) Well , you could leave . Take Kelly back to San Francisco . Show her all the great things that she 's missin ' outside . No , I can 't . It 's too late . I 'm in debt up to my ears . Besides , Kelly loves working for Bernsen . Her whole life has become business , profit . I feel like I 'm losing her . H-have you told her how you feel ? I don 't think she would listen . Kelly always needed more from me than I knew how to give her . Maybe it 's because she lost her mother at such a young age . Bernsen seems to fill a void in her that I can 't touch . You 're her father . I think she 'll always have a special place in her heart for you . Talk to her . L ... I know that she 'll listen to you . Trust me . The only way that you 're going to lose her is if you give up . ( man ) Find it all the mall . Hey , hold up , Q-Ball . No peeking ' , man . This one is for you . What is all this stuff ? ( Rembrandt ) Gifts for you guys . [ Panting ] You know what they say , a gift shows how much you love someone , huh ? Remmy , something is going on with you , man . Trust me , you don 't love us this much . Wait a minute . That 's 14 ... 14 ... I only got 10 gifts for Wade ? What was I thinkin ' ? Where 's the credit card ? Here it is . It 's a good thing the Plaza store is open all night , huh ? Excuse me . Remmy , [ exclaiming ] You do not have to buy Wade another gift . Trust me . Oh , so now you 're going to tell me if I can buy gifts for you guys ? Come on , man . Seriously . Last time I 'm tellin ' you . Now move . That Q-Ball can be so irritating sometimes . Yes , he can . You okay ? I just had a great evening with my dad . I can close my eyes and almost forget that he doesn 't know who I am . Say , look , I 'm gonna do a little shopping right now . You want to come along ? No . You go ahead . [ Sighs ] Well , actually , I 'd just rather stay here with you . I mean , if you don 't mind . I don 't mind . ( Carol ) I used all of my available credit to pay someone to smuggle me out . That 's how I was able to get Alex to the flats . Now he won 't have to grow up a prisoner like his mother . No , he 'll just grow up with the horror of having been abandoned . Who are you to judge me ? What I did , I did for him . Carol , listen to me . In the closing days of World War II , I was a small child . My mother took me out to the country to spend some time with some elderly aunts . The second night we were there , the house was bombed . My aunts were killed . I woke up to find the firemen pulling my dead mother off my chest . She had thrown herself over me to protect me , you see . They did not know who I was . They had no way of identifying me . My father was in India , fighting . So , they put me in an orphanage till the war ended and he came back to pick me up . For months , every day and every night I ... I wept because I knew I would never see my parents again . All my life , I have lived with the fear and terror of that abandonment . I beg you , don 't do this to your child . Don 't let your child grow up with that demon . I won 't . I 'm going to pay off my debt , I 'm going to have this removed and then I 'm going to get him back . Look , will you wake up ? This system is so set up that you can 't possibly pay back the debt . You 're always going to have this on your wrist . And unless we do something special , you will never get to see your child . Don 't cry . I promise you , I ... I don 't know what I 'm going to do yet but I will do everything I can to help you . In the meantime , don 't build up more debt . I 'm sure Carol wants to keep her child . She just needs a little time to get her life in order . Yes . Yes , I do understand . ( woman ) Toy Mania located on ... Thank you , Father . Unless we can help Carol by tonight , she 's going to lose Alex . I 'll dig around . See if there 's anything in the office that can help . [ TV playing ] Hey , Professor . We better be goin ' . They 're going to fire us if we 're late . ( man ) Stores to meet your every need , and you need to spend money . ( woman ) Toy Mania is where all your dreams come true . Located on Level Two . Christmas is coming . Are you ready ? ( Don ) Kelly . Kelly , Kelly , Merry Christmas . It 's tomorrow , Dad . I 've got a meeting . What 's up ? Spare me a minute . Go ahead . I saw a side of you yesterday I didn 't recognize . You were pretty cold when you docked poor little Ginny three weeks ' pay . It 's business , Dad . You know , your mother was right . These malls destroy people . Why do you always bring her up ? Because she 's still part of our lives , Kel . It 's times like these I wish she could be here for you . I 'm all you 've got , like it or not . Ted 's waiting . Kelly , don 't you see ? ( Don ) Don 't you see what he 's doing to you ? He 's warped your sense of right and wrong . Ted hasn 't done anything to me . Oh , I see . So being cold and heartless is your own choice ? That 's not fair . It 's my job and sometimes it stinks . But I 'm going to keep doing the best I can . You know why ? Because I don 't want to spend my life being Food Service Manager . Let me tell you something , young lady . I wake up in the morning , I can look in the mirror and like what I see . Can you say the same thing ? I wasn 't going to tell you this until after Christmas , but since we 're having this conversation , Ted 's getting a promotion . He 's going to Paly , up north . And I 'm going with him . If you 're going to follow your dream , you know I fully support you . But if you 're just going to follow Bernsen , to become just like him , that breaks my heart . Now , let me give you one last piece of advice . All these malls are the same . You 're not going to find anything up there you can 't get right here . When I said I was losing her , I was wrong . She 's already gone . Bernsen owns her . There it is again . I 've adjusted this remote control to enhance certain frequencies . I don 't believe this . " Gift equals love " ? ( Professor ) As you can see , there is more than one layer of video here . " Love means buy means love . " Subliminal messages designed to persuade people to buy anything and everything . From what we can see around here , it 's been highly successful . Hey guys . ( woman ) Only two more shopping days till Christmas . Q-Ball , about last night ... Forget it . You weren 't yourself . I know , but look , I just want to say thanks anyway . You 've got a real friend when he 's straight up and tells you that you 're such a jerk , you know ? You can pretty much count on all of us for that . Guys , look at these . What did you find out ? There wasn 't anything specific , just subliminal messages , but check this out . I looked up a few employee 's files and they 've all got huge credit lines from a company called Crescent Vista Funding . Carol 's in for over six figures . But why would a company loan money to people who couldn 't pay it back ? Oh , they will , Ms. Wells . They will . With high interest over the entire course of their life . Slavery is another word for it . So , there you are . [ Sighs ] Essentially you were cheated out of your home , your life savings , and your child . How could I be so stupid ? ( Wade ) You 're not stupid . Subliminal messages work on your unconscious level . It ... it 's a form of mind control . ( Quinn ) They hook you with the ads , then they loan you money to support your habit . It 's like a drug addiction . ( Wade ) If you can help us get into Bernsen 's office , we might be able to prove he 's responsible for this . If I get caught , he could throw me in jail for nonpayment of the debt . Then I 'll never get Alex back . ( Professor ) Correct , but if we are right , then you will get back your home , [ sighs ] Your life , and your child . Can you promise me that ? No , of course not . But it 's Christmas . Christmas is a time for miracles . Miracles and faith . [ Sighs ] ( Professor ) All the little Dutch boys and girls put their wooden shoes in front of the fire and they are filled with carrots and hay . ( Bernsen ) The numbers are through the roof , Steve . Everything that you promised , those tapes delivered . ( Professor ) They find in their shoes ... Hold on a minute . The most wonderful gifts , cookies and candies . Nothing machine-made or store-bought . All year long , the children try to be ... I got a problem , Steve . I 'll call you back . [ Knock on door ] Cleaning crew , Mr. Bernsen . All right , you better go , Carol . Might be dangerous if you get caught . Thanks for your help . No , thank you . Both of you . Okay . [ Electronic beeping ] ( Quinn ) You 're already in ? That was too easy . [ Electronic bleeping ] Figures . Multilevel security system . This could take forever . Look for a boot disk . We 'll go around the system . [ Electronic beeping ] Uh-oh . What " oh " ? I 've just tripped a security alert . In 60 seconds , they will be all over us . Time to bail . ( Quinn ) Kelly , we can explain . Explain to security . Can you stop the security alert ? Why should I ? Because Bernsen 's running a scam here . He 's cheating people out of their homes , forcing them into debt , and all the proof is in that computer . Why should I trust you ? I don 't even know you people . Tell her . [ Gasping ] I know you . Look , when you were nine , you ... you found where Dad hid the Christmas presents . Uh , behind the boxes , up on the top shelf in the garage . [ Exclaiming ] Thirty seconds . You hated yourself after you found them , 'cause you ruined Christmas . How could you know that ? Because on my world , you told me . Kelly , I 'm the sister you never had . The one who died at childbirth . Twenty seconds . [ Sighing ] The first boy you ever kissed was Christopher Sliney . I never kissed Christopher . When I tried , he ran home . But I never told anyone I even tried . On my world , he didn 't run home until after you kissed him . On my world , Mom and I came home from the hospital . And we grew up as sisters . ( Quinn ) Ten , nine , eight , seven ... [ electronic beeping ] ( Professor ) On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me Four calling birds Got that one ? Who would want calling birds ? Well , now , you 're missing the point . See , it 's ... it 's not just about the gift . Then what 's it about ? That 's a very good question . What is this silly song about ? I think it 's about giving too many presents . Just imagine , four calling birds , three French hens , two turtle doves and a partridge in a pear tree . ( Professor ) Can you imagine all the feathers in the poor fellow 's house ? He 'd be sneezing all the time , wouldn 't he ? [ Mimicking sneeze ] I 'm allergic to birds . Ah ! Ah , Mr. Bernsen . So glad you came , sir . We were just teaching the children a little Christmas song . Yes , I 'm sure they 'd love to hear it , Santa . But first of all , snack time . Free cookies and soft drinks for everybody , at the Cookie Shack . Well , what a very considerate gesture , sir , but we 've already provided them . ( children ) Yeah . Look awfully happy , don 't they ? And they 're not even shopping . Did I also mention that we 're giving away free video games at the toy store ? ( children ) No . I think we 'd all prefer to hear Santa tell another story , wouldn 't we ? ( children ) Yeah . Your world of consumerism is finished , Bernsen . These children have just started to learn true values . Think you 're gonna have a hard time convincing these kids that Christmas is still just about getting things . I don 't know what your game is , but you two are fired . Come see me once you 've thrown them out . I 'll be in my office . Wade needs more time . Yeah . If you throw us out , we 'll come back again . Won 't we , children ? ( children ) Yeah . Yeah , see , you can 't stop what we 've already started . I mean , these kids now know what the true meaning of Christmas is . Right ? ( children ) Yeah . And you think that 's singing a few carols , and telling some maudlin fairy tales , huh ? You are living in the past . Christmas today is about cash flow , from them to me . And that 's what you really think Christmas is , don 't you , you miserable excuse for a man ? Profits ! And you 'll go about chasing them , legally or illegally . Are you making some kind of accusation ? Let 's take them to the employee holding center instead . Wait a minute . You have no right to take us anywhere . Maybe you should have read your credit application . It says if you can 't pay your debt , in full , on demand , you belong to us . So , consider this the demand . Can you pay your debt ? That 's what I thought . As for you , I just hate to break up a set . Children , don 't worry . Santa is just going to feed the reindeer . ( all ) Come back , Santa . Come back . ( Wade ) This guy is a snake . He 's taken money from widows , young families , even minors . Not to mention the slime tactic of subliminal advertising . No wonder the Plaza 's profit has gone up over 300 percent . But our sales are up because of our aggressive advertising . Aggressive ? More like illegal . What are you talking about ? You really don 't know ? [ Kelly sighs ] Your boss has been pushing up sales by using subliminal advertising to coerce people into buying more than they want . Even more than they can afford . I can 't believe Ted would do something like that . ( Wade ) Then take a look at this . We 've got him . This proves he 's behind Crescent Vista Funding . [ Keyboard clicking ] ( Wade ) And this is a bill for the design and production of all of your commercials . It 's him , Kelly . Bernsen is the only guy connected to all of this . [ Sighs ] How could I be so wrong about him ? I did everything he asked me to . I 'm part of this . You can be part of the solution , too . Help us help these people . ( supervisor ) Uh , hang on , Bernsen . You might want to talk to us before you do anything with them . What 's going on ? Talk to me about Crescent Vista Funding . About subliminal advertising , and using this mall to make millions for yourself . Can you prove any of this , Kelly ? Because if you can 't , your career is history . This disk has every file , every contract , every link between you and Crescent Vista Funding . We even found a letter warning you about the illegal nature of subliminal advertising . You should have listened to the warning . I trusted you . I treated you like you were my own . How could you do this to me ? How could you do this to other people ? ( Bernsen ) I was wrong about you , wasn 't I , Kelly ? You really don 't have what it takes to make it . If that means I 'm nothing like you , Ted , I 'm okay with that . I 'll tell you what . I 'll , uh , split the money with you . We can ... we can just put that disk aside . Just carry on like things have been . What do you say ? We 've already deleted all the debts , destroyed the bracelets and the loan records . It 's over , Bernsen . Your career is the one that 's history . [ Sighs ] [ Grunts ] Ah , well , It is better to give than to receive . ( Don ) Kelly ? I 'm sorry , Dad . What for ? For treating you like I have . For buying into everything Bernsen told me . But mostly for becoming the one thing Mom would have hated . No , no , no , we 've got this . You go ahead . That 's nice to see . The guys cleaning ' up in the kitchen while the women get to relax . [ Both exclaiming ] She was so beautiful . Yeah . You have her eyes . You do , too . He should know who you are . ( Wade ) He lost me once already . I don 't want him to go through that again . But after we go , you 'll explain this whole slide thing to him , okay ? [ Baby gurgling ] You know , I wanted to ask you when your father came back to get you , did everything work out okay ? Oh . We had many good holidays together . But that was a very special Christmas . [ Sighs ] It was postwar England . No toys to be had anywhere . ( Professor ) So , he made me a little wooden car with black wooden wheels and painted it blue . [ Sighs ] When he gave it to me , I remember , his hands were shaking slightly and I looked up into his eyes , and I saw there were tears in them . That was the moment I knew my daddy was home [ whispers ] And that he loved me . Best gift he ever could have given . [ Baby gurgling ] [ Chuckles ] May we , uh , just say goodbye to your little one now ? Come on , Alex . Come on . [ Baby crying ] Oh ! Mr. Brown , Mr. Brown , I think there 's a little fellow here who would like to hear you sing . [ Baby crying ] I always love to perform for the little people . There you go . Silent night Holy night All is calm ( Kelly ) Okay , everybody squeeze together . Let 's , uh , make it quick . [ Sighs ] ( Kelly ) Say Merry Christmas . ( all ) Merry Christmas . ( Quinn ) Ready ? ( Rembrandt ) Thank you so much . I 'll explain later . Merry Christmas . [ Sighs ] Thank you . Thank you for everything . [ Sighs ] Merry Christmas , you little rascal . [ Chuckles ] [ Whooshing ] Merry Christmas . Thank you . Thank you for bringing Christmas , a real Christmas , back to us . Thank you for sharing it with us . You guys take care of yourselves , okay ?
