 ( Wade ) We have three days till the next slide . I wish it was longer so I could explore this world where America is a monarchy . Everything is so pretty , and the people are so gracious . It 's like being in a romantic movie . ( woman on intercom ) Dr. Daley , Dr. William Daley , please call radiology . Dr. Daley , please call radiology . I haven 't seen you writing in your diary in a long time . That 's because I usually do it when you guys are asleep . That way you don 't get all paranoid about what I write . I 'm not paranoid . I don 't care what you write in there about me . [ Sighing ] ( man ) Let 's go . Sixpence for a piece of candy . I don 't have a pence , let alone six . Hey , how 's the Professor ? He 'll live . He 's still pretty upset about sliding into a bee colony . Or , in his case , on a bee colony . [ Chuckling ] I wish we had a video camera . Both of his hands on his behind , running around chanting , " Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! " Think he 'll get the Purple Heart for this ? I think he 'll get a purple something . Oh , God ! Remmy ! Danielle ? My apologies , Your Grace . How did you get ... Thank God you 're here , Your Grace . [ Danielle screaming ] What 's wrong with her ? It 's the baby . She went into crisis earlier than expected . I told you , Lady Mary , he would be here for me . If you 'll follow me , Your Grace . You 'll be prepped in the adjacent room . Your Grace ? Prepped for what ? Blood transfusion . How do you know you two are even the same blood type ? We were on our world . Look , it 's okay . Danielle and I have been through this before . [ Woman chattering over PA system ] Excuse me , how long is this transfusion gonna take ? What transfusion ? They 're transferring the baby into him . [ Phone ringing ] ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders . ( male announcer ) We interrupt with this late-breaking news . ( anchor woman ) The Duchess of Hemmingshire , cousin of our late Queen Sally , has suffered an early crisis . Her husband , the Duke , arrived just in time to take on gestation and complete the pregnancy . A few moments ago , Deputy Master of the Royal Household , George Stellos , addressed rumors concerning the Duke 's recent disappearance from the public eye . Please , folks , you 'll get your chance . Okay , one question at a time . Just let me make my statement first . Royal Security knew where the Duke was at all times , but at his request , we kept his whereabouts private . There was never any doubt that he would be available when the transfer was necessary . Professor , you are not going to believe ... I already know . We are apparently alive and at the scene . We have got to get him out of there before it 's too late . Now , wait a minute . Wait a minute . Announcing that an impostor has so far penetrated the Royal Circle is hardly going to get Rembrandt out of that situation , or ourselves . This needs a little bit of subtlety . [ Electronic beeping ] It 's an awful lot of fuss over a little transfuse ... [ garbled ] Transfuse ... Transfer , Your Grace . That 's just the sedative doing its job . Now , we 'll be starting in a moment . Hey , Q-Ball ! How you doing ? Shh ! I 'm so glad I met you , man . This is the best slide ever . We 've got to get you out of here . There 's been a mix-up between you and your double . Really ? You sure ? Didn 't you think something was up when they started calling you " Your Grace " ? Your Grace . Crying Man . Whatever . I mean , who cares what they call me , as long as I 've got my Danielle . Rembrandt ? Rembrandt ? Remmy ! Stay with me , man . Your Grace ? Wake up ! Thank you , orderly , but I 'll see to the Duke myself . You can fetch a backup dose of hormone meds from the supply cabinet . Who are you ? [ Gasps ] You don 't seem to understand . No , you don 't seem to understand . Let him go , George . Please , Aunt Mary , stay out of this . He 's a friend of the Duke 's . I saw them speaking . We are the Duke 's new personal assistants . Since when ? The Duke barely tolerates the mandatory attendants I impose on him . Since the Duke phoned me at Buckingham Palace and asked me to put together a team of professionals to look after him during his pregnancy . You have experience with Buckingham 's royal staff ? Sir , I have trained so many people at Buckingham Palace , I 'm known there as the Professor . This is Miss Wells the Duke 's personal nutritionist . And over there , with his face squashed against that door like a bug on a windscreen , is the Duke 's fitness trainer . Well , if he 's the Duke 's fitness trainer , then what was he doing in Pre-Op ? You blistering idiot ! The Duke is about to have a baby ! Are you suggesting that fitness does not come into question ? Now , I suggest you release him at once , before the Duke finds out . [ Woman chattering over PA system ] [ Sighs ] Are we all clear ? For the time being . Good . Excuse me . That 's a beautiful pin . L-ls it antique ? Yes . It was a gift from a former admirer . Well , I just wanted to say , thanks for standing up for us . The transfer is complete . Father and son-to-be are resting comfortably . ( Wade ) When they moved Remmy back to the Royal Mansion , there were telegrams from all over the world wishing him well with his pregnancy . Wow ! I can 't believe I just wrote those words . Even though Remmy 's double could never be king because he 's a commoner , it turns out his baby is fourth in line for the throne . I can 't get my head around this . I think it 's great . It 's about time men got to share in the joy and the burden of childbearing . Oh , I expect men get very excited about sharing the joy of nausea , heartburn , and stretch marks . He 's coming out of it . Hey , Remmy ? Remmy , buddy ? Welcome back , man . A lot has gone on since you faded out on me back at the hospital . Yeah . [ Chuckling ] Yeah . This is a remarkable world , Mr. Brown . A couple of decades ago , a ... a viral epidemic destroyed the capacity of the female population to carry a child beyond the , uh , second trimester . However , scientists were able to save humankind by the invention of shared pregnancy . Yeah , they ... they ... they created an artificial womb so the fathers can carry the baby to term . [ Chuckles ] See , the thing is , they mistook you for your double and , uh , before we could stop them ... What the ... And ... And ... Now , take it easy . You just went through major surgery . Yes , but the good thing is , with their advanced technology you 'll be up and about in no time . Please tell me this isn 't what I think it is . I 'm afraid it is , Mr. Brown . But here 's the good news . You 're going to bear royalty . I 'm pregnant ? I 'm not even married ! The father is your missing double . Remmy , if you hadn 't shown up when you did , that little guy would have died . Now , Rembrandt , back at the hospital you mentioned something about you and Danielle having been through something like this before on our world . Look , guys . I don 't want to talk about it . Fair enough . But we do have to discuss timing . Apparently , once the male takes over , the gestation proceeds rapidly . You 'll be ready to deliver within a week , but ... But , what ? We slide before that . So , somehow we 've got to find your double and get this baby into him . Otherwise you 're stuck here until you give birth . [ Sighs ] Are visiting hours over yet ? You people are depressing me . [ Knocking on door ] May I come in ? Of course , Your Grace . I can 't believe it 's you . Look , are you okay ? Yes , I am , now that we 're together . [ Chuckling ] May we have some privacy ? Yes , of course . Try not to over-excite him . ( Mary ) How is it the Duke lives ? ( assassin ) I don 't know . I saw him disappear into the ocean . He never surfaced . Obviously , he did . I trusted you , and you failed me . My nephew and I have too much invested in this to allow these kinds of mistakes . It won 't happen again . That 's right . It won 't . [ Gasps ] [ Thudding ] I thought morning sickness was only supposed to happen in the morning . [ Chuckles ] ( Danielle ) You 're lucky . Mine lasted two months . I think it 's stopping . You are so beautiful . When Lady Mary told me you 'd left , I thought I 'd die . And then crisis came early . Rem , I know we 've had our share of problems , but please , [ chuckles ] Can we try again ? Any news of the Duke 's whereabouts ? Nothing . All I could find out is that he had trouble living in the royal spotlight , and he and the Duchess had some pretty big fights about it . Well , I found a maid who said that Lady Mary started a rumor that the Duke was cheating on his wife . Hmm . How can we be sure that it was just a rumor ? We can 't , except the maid said it just couldn 't be true . And according to her , Remmy 's double is crazy about Danielle . I guess some things are constant on every world . [ Chuckles ] Whoa , what 's going on ? Hello ? Anybody remember knock-knock ? Forgive me , Your Grace , but I have grave news . Arson is suspected in the fire this morning at the Royal Palace at Monticello . Authorities report that they received a phone call from the American Revolutionary Party , claiming responsibility . From Monticello , Virginia . The news flash , apparently official . ; King Thomas and his two sons , Benjamin and Tyler , died in a house fire at 2 . ; 00 a.m. , Eastern Standard Time . 11 . ; 00 p.m. , Pacific Standard Time , some 38 minutes ago . This means the next in line for the throne is the unborn male child of Rembrandt Brown , Duke of Hemmingshire . The king . ( sentry ) I have spoken with the Captain of the Guards . He returns tonight from Monticello . I hope you told him how pleased I was with his work . Indeed . He extends his deep gratitude for your kind words and prays that his efforts will be rewarded in the future . Assure him that my nephew and I will remember our friends . All of them . Milady . Lady Mary . May I have a word ? Of course . [ Sighs ] Well , obviously , I am completely familiar with protocol at the court of St. James , but I am a newcomer here at this court . How may I assist you ? I 've seen nothing regarding the royal funeral arrangements at Monticello . Now , obviously , the Duke will not be able to travel in his present condition . The Duke 's sole responsibility now is to protect the future king . I agree with you . Will you be representing His Grace ? Certainly not . My place is with the Duchess , as it has been since her birth . That long ? Lmpossible . Longer . I was just a girl when I first came to court . Barely 17 . I was appointed to my present post by King Thomas himself . I realize His Majesty 's tragic death must be very painful for you . [ Chuckling ] I can hear his heartbeat . Pretty cool , huh ? Hey , Q-Ball . Hey . Any word on my double ? None of the staff I spoke to knows a thing . And if we don 't find the Duke soon , you are going to miss this slide . He 's probably off hiding somewhere , sweating bullets . Royalty has got to be a lot to take . Remember all those royal scandals on our world ? Your Grace . I just had an interesting conversation with your driver . You know , the one that you swore to secrecy about that clandestine trip to a place called Camp Muir ? He told me to give you this . He said you dropped it in the Mercedes . You know , I 've been thinking . Maybe we shouldn 't rush out and get this guy . Maybe I should tell Danielle the truth . Excuse me , does the word " beheading " mean anything to you ? Look , this little fellow is gonna be the next king . And maybe my double isn 't into handling responsibility . I mean , what kind of father would he make ? Oh , I can 't believe I got to go again ! [ Sighing ] Oh ! Got to go , got to go . He 's not thinking clearly . Well , I guess pregnancy does that to a man . [ Laughing ] All right , we have got to locate this duke . Why don 't you stay with Remmy and make sure he doesn 't lose his head ? George , with the royal family gone , who will rule until my son is of age ? As His Majesty 's deputy , I hold the official power during this transitional period . Once the child is born , I will step aside to Duke Rembrandt who will rule as regent until your son is old enough to assume his royal responsibilities . My husband , a regent . I pray his new responsibilities do not cause him to flee again . Don 't worry , Your Grace . I 'm sure once the Duke sees his son , he will never want to leave his side . ( Rembrandt ) Hush , hush Go on and dream Daddy is always near By the window By the window By the window Hush , hush Safely inside Calm as the sea you Drift in , shifting Hush , hush Go on and dream Daddy is always near ( Quinn ) Looks pretty deserted . Shouldn 't there be guards or something ? You think this is it ? This has to be Camp Muir . The whole area is marked " Property of the Crown . " On our world it would be loaded with tourists . Here we go . [ Knocking on door ] ( Quinn ) Your Grace ? Anybody home ? [ Knocking on door ] Maybe he went for a walk in the woods . Why don 't you check around back ? Hello ! Hello ! [ Knocking on door ] Your Grace ! ( Wade ) Anybody here ? Anybody home ? [ Grunting ] Your Grace , we are friends of Danielle . Really ? [ Grunting ] How is it I 've never seen you before ? Well , it 's a ... It 's ... It 's kind of a long story , but if you just put the sword down ... Now you better believe us . Maybe . Look , two days ago I was knocked out from behind . When I came to , he was pushing me over the side of a boat , 100 yards out to sea . Luckily , I 'm a good swimmer . Luck seems to run in your family . Wait a minute . Did you say that Danielle sent you ? Why ? Are she and the baby okay ? We can discuss it on the way back . The sooner we get you back , the safer your baby and your wife will be . I wonder if you 'd be so kind as to change the pillows on my bed ? I am , uh , sensitive to goose down , and I far prefer elder down . ( Rembrandt ) Thank you so much . That looks delicious . You 're welcome , Your Highness . I think the baby is as hungry as I am . You do realize that you didn 't tell her thank you . Poor woman is busting her butt for you and you can 't even tell her how much you appreciate it . And if you light that smokestack up around my baby , I 'm gonna roll over there and shove it down your throat . Mr. Brown , let me tell you about royal servants . Most are born into service or bred into service . Uh , they love to serve . They live to serve . And they expect their superiors to behave in a superior manner , or they get very upset . You know , you are full of British bull ! Excuse me , may I have a moment with my husband , Professor ? Yes , of course . Let 's go for a little walk , shall we ? Sure . Hey , hey , hey ! What 's up ? Will you excuse us ? Yes , ma 'am . I heard you singing to the baby in the garden earlier . Yeah , yeah , I was working on a little song for him . Is everything okay , sweetheart ? To begin with , I 'm not your sweetheart . My husband never sang a day in his life . He 's tone deaf . Apparently you , whoever you are , are not . I demand to know exactly who you are . Okay , there 's no need to get upset . Really ! My baby is ... Please . Just let me explain . I promise you , your baby is as safe with me as he would be with your husband . I swear it . Just let me explain before you go calling the guards . Please . I cannot believe it . My son is king . Do they know who is behind the assassinations ? The rebels are taking credit . Let me ask you a question . What kind of a guy leaves his wife while she 's pregnant ? I did not leave her . We fought . I needed some time to cool off , okay ? What 's the matter , you never fought with anyone you love ? Yeah , but I stuck around and worked it out . Oh , yeah ? So where 's your wedding ring ? Wait a minute . If they had to take the baby from Danielle early , who did they transfer him into ? Do you really expect me to believe that insane story ? It 's pure science fiction . I know it sounds like that , but please hear me out . You see , on my world , you and I were living together . We 'd had a big fight . You took the car , and you wanted to show me how it felt when I would walk out on you . I should have never let you go . You couldn 't even see through your tears . [ Sighs ] After the accident , I had this boneheaded idea that we could still make it right . After you became well , you didn 't even want to look at me . I thought , with time , I would get over you . But I haven 't . That 's odd . How is it this never happened to me , yet I feel as if it had ? Look , Danielle , I just want you to know if your husband doesn 't come back , you have me if you want me . Where is my husband ? My friends are out looking for him . This has been quite a day for me . We 'll talk more in the morning . Good night , Mr. Brown . ( Remmy # 2 ) Watch your step . ( Wade ) What are we doing ? Well , we can 't just walk up to the front door , unless you want your friend beheaded . There 's a secret passageway I used to use when I was courting Danielle . A secret passageway ? Yes . Cool . I love royalty . [ Muffled screaming ] [ Muffled screaming ] What the devil ... Are you all right ? Yeah . Did you see him ? No . A pillow over my face . Hold that . [ Tapping ] Stop ! [ Grunting ] [ Groaning ] ( Remmy # 2 ) What the devil is going on ? Got kicked in the stomach . You okay ? Yeah , but it 's a good thing I 'm not six inches taller . [ Coughing ] Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm okay , baby . What happened ? There was an attempt made on the Duke 's life and , by extension , that of the unborn king . I am the Duke . Rembrandt ? Is that really you ? Yes . Well , now . ( Remmy # 2 ) Seems I owe you a great debt of gratitude . Yeah . Oh , my God . It 's a lot to comprehend , but you 've got to help us . We must transfer the baby from this Rembrandt to the Duke , and it must be done in secret . We 're still in danger . The guards . We 'll stall them . Will you help us ? [ Door closing ] You know I 'd do anything for you , my dear . We heard noise . What 's going on ? Uh , nothing . It 's nothing . L ... I ... I wouldn 't go in there if I were you . The ... The ... The Duke and the Duchess are having a ... a domestic dispute . L-lt 's about his infidelity . I 'm ... I 'm ... I 'm sure you 've heard the rumors . She 's , uh , throwing things again ? Oh , yeah . Big things . Yeah . [ Sighs ] All right . We 'll be down at the base of the stairs if anyone needs anything . Thank you . Infidelity . Good one . [ Door creaking ] Hello . Be nice if they left a note or something . What is this ? It 's a pin . Wait a minute . I recognize this . It 's Lady Mary 's . I 'm still not sure about this , Professor . Look , security at the palace has obviously been compromised . If this place is as remote as Lady Mary says it is , we 're safe here until we can transfer the baby into that of its rightful father . Oh , I can 't believe I got to go again . The cabin is right here . Don 't worry , milady . What needs to be done will be done . ( Wade ) Hoping for a safe ? Hoping for something . I 've run out of places where you can hide things in this room . Since I 'm still not sure exactly what you 're looking for , it doesn 't sound like much of a roadblock . The pin is not enough to prove that Lady Mary is trying to kill the Duke . She 'll just say she lost it , or it was stolen , or something . If she is in with the rebels , there 's got to be something in here that will prove it . Well , I hope so . Otherwise you 're creating a big mess for the maid for nothing . Come on , Your Majesty . Give us a clue . You must have seen everything that 's gone on in this room . Hopefully not . If he 's any kind of a gentleman , he turned his back once in a while . Yes ! What are you doing ? If I 'm wrong , vandalism . Letter opener . Desk . Here we go . " My dearest Mary , this will be my last letter , " as the Queen is growing suspicious . " I understand the reasons behind your request , but cannot agree to recognize our son George as legitimate . " George is Lady Mary 's son ? And the king is his father . That means he 's royalty , and if he 's royalty , than he 's next in line for the throne if there are no other male heirs . We 've got to get that letter to the press . Grab them . George . Speak of the devil . I should have known you were rebels . What have you done to the Duke and Duchess , and my aunt ? Is that how you 're going to cover this up ? Frame us for their disappearance ? Sure , go ahead , blame the American Revolutionists . ( George ) What frame ? What are you talking about ? You can drop the act . We know you 're the king 's son . What ? That 's preposterous ! Take them away . He doesn 't know . Know what ? Before you grease up the guillotine , you might want to read this . I 'm sorry . [ Sighing ] What are you doing in here ? Danielle and I had an argument . I needed to get out of there . You can do that permanently . It wouldn 't hurt my feelings . What is with your attitude ? What have I ever done to you ? You hurt Danielle . I 'd advise you to cut it out . If you can 't treat her with the love and respect she deserves , then you disappear , and leave the job to me . Listen , you have temporary custody of my child , but don 't you forget that Danielle is my wife . Treat her that way , then . You 're always going to have problems . I mean , that 's life . But you have to face them and not just walk away . That 's what got us into all this mess . [ Grunting ] Listen . Hey , listen ! If you screw up with her , you 'll regret it every day of your life . I do . [ Door opens ] Not now , Lady Mary , please . That 's the beauty of tea . When you don 't want it is exactly when you need it . It 's chamomile . Very soothing . It helped calm Danielle and the professor . It 's nice . Thank you . And for the little father . Thank you . [ Sighing ] ( Quinn ) How are you holding up ? For someone who just found out his aunt is his mother and a murderer , fine , I suppose . Any idea where she took them ? No , but I know somebody who might . Where did you take them ? There 's red mud all over this . They 're at Camp Muir , aren 't they ? Give me your sword . Let 's go . Get the paramedics to Camp Muir . [ Car engine starting ] Everyone is asleep . Use all of it . I don 't want to leave anything for the coroner to examine . [ Fire crackling ] [ Grunting ] Hey , Duke , you smoking ? [ Grunting ] Hey , Duke . [ Sniffing ] [ Yelling ] Fire ! [ Remmy coughing ] ( Remmy # 2 ) What ? ( Remmy # 2 ) Come on ! The terrace ! Remmy ! Oh , my God ! ( Danielle ) The baby ! ( Remmy # 2 ) I 'm going to put it out ! [ Coughing ] Why are we so groggy ? Oh . Judging by the pounding in my head , I would say the tea was drugged . But Lady Mary made the tea . Precisely , Your Grace . And she is nowhere to be seen . [ Groaning ] Professor , what 's happening ? You 've inhaled too much smoke . The child is in distress . Then we 've got to get it out . Now ! Mr. Brown , even if the fetus was viable , there is no one here to take it out . You can . Are you insane ? I 'm a theoretical mathematician , not a butcher ! [ Groaning ] Please , give it a chance . It should be an inferno by now . What 's wrong ? Even if they escaped the fire , they couldn 't have gone far . I don 't care if it looks like an accident anymore . Just find them and kill them . My dear friend , this is going to hurt like hell . [ Rembrandt panting ] Save my son . Don 't worry . I haven 't lost a patient yet . Oh , Lord . ( George ) That 's the cabin . Leave . Now ! Since when do you give me orders ? Step aside , Lance . [ Grunting ] Get down . Do it ! ( Mary ) George ! What are you doing ? Stopping the bloodshed . All right , you know . Now don 't muck it up . With the child out of the way , we can rule with you as king as you were always meant to be . You can 't be serious . I 've waited a long time to get what was mine . Promises were made , my son , and now it 's time to collect . You 're a monster . Get in the car . Don 't be a fool , George . I 've done it all for you . ( George ) You 'd better get to the cabin . Professor ? The infant was in distress . We had no choice . [ Baby gurgling ] [ Sighs ] ( Wade ) He 's beautiful . [ Coos ] Professor ? I 'll never forget this . Neither will I. Now , get well . ( Wade ) Well , Remmy survived and the nation welcomed their new king , Rembrandt I. Stellos decided to keep quiet about who his real father was , and accepted an appointment by the Duke as Lord High Protector until the King is of age . It 's been an emotional roller-coaster ride for Remmy , but he seems to have come to a place of acceptance . I sure am glad he 's coming with us . Yeah . Yeah . You saved my marriage and the life of my child . How , on this or any other world , can I thank you ? Just protect them and love them enough for the both of us . [ Crying ] Thank you . [ Sighs ] Well , it looks like we weren 't meant to be on this world , either . But I will always love you . [ Sighs ] I 'll never forget you . [ Baby crying ] [ Door closing ] Well , guys , take one last look . I hate goodbyes . How is my patient doing ? Not too good . [ Electronic beeping ] [ Whooshing ] This time you can fall on me if you like . Come on . [ Grunting ] Are you all right ? Are you all right ? Yeah . Good . Well , congratulations , Mr. Brown . You gave birth to a son and a king . And that 's a remarkable achievement for any man , anywhere . [ Laughing ] Hey , it 's crying ! Crying Man ! Well , I guess some of me did rub off on the little rascal , huh ? ( girl ) Mommy , please , don 't make me ! Mommy , I 'm scared ! Oh , no ! Are you crazy ? ( girl ) Mommy , please ! Mommy , I don 't want to ! Don 't do it , ma 'am ! Don 't do it ! Let 's talk about this , please ! I 'll go find help . Don 't do it ! Please ! Let go , now . Get down . Let go ! Please ! Please ! Don 't ! Don 't ! Don 't do it , please ! Push ! Go ! ( girl ) Look , Mommy , no feet ! Oh ! It 's the only way they learn .
