 [ Computer sounds ] ( Quinn ) Professor , are you all right ? Mr. Mallory . Ah , you gave me quite a start . I picked up your voice mail at the hotel by mistake . There was a message from your doctor reminding you about your scan this morning . You had no right , Mr. Mallory . Neither do you . [ Breathing heavily ] Tell me . I have a terminal illness . Incurable , inoperable , untreatable . There must be something they can do . How long ? A month . Maybe a year . Are you in pain ? Surprisingly little , actually . I have read the literature , and the end is inevitably cruel and quite without dignity . So , uh , since I refuse to be the object of pity , I ... I think it is time that we said our goodbyes and went our separate ways . I want you to remember your old prof with a smile and not with a tear . Professor , we are all leaving this world in less than an hour . Mr. Mallory , I 've thought about this a great deal , and I think what I would choose to do with my time remaining is to ... to travel a little , perhaps have an adventure , and live every second of my life remaining to the fullest . Well , then come with us . What greater adventure than sliding ? Trust me , Mr. Mallory , this is for the best . Give my farewells to the others . Fine . Go , then . Go on . We 'll do fine without you . Walk out on me . Go ! Professor , we need you . Damn you , boy . I 'd sooner Mr. Brown and Miss Wells did not know about this . Then it 'll stay between us . We 've gotta hurry , Professor . It 's almost time to slide . [ Whooshing ] Well , that was an extraordinary slide . Maybe it 's something to do with the gravitational pull on this world . Look . ( Wade ) This is the first time we 've slid back into San Francisco since Logan St. Clair messed with the timer . Yeah , but there 's something different about this place . I can 't put my finger on it . Look at the clothes . ( Rembrandt ) Yeah , and they really take care of their cars . Check that one out . Showroom condition . What is that , an ' 84 ? I know this area , and I know what 's wrong . On our world , it was all destroyed in the earthquake of ' 89 . ( Rembrandt ) Looks like 1980 everywhere . What 's the matter ? [ Tram bells ringing ] ( minister ) Praise thy name forever and ever . Great is the Lord , and greatly to be praised and his greatness is unsearchable . Do you know these people ? It 's my father 's funeral . The woman 's my mother . And the boy is me . ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders . [ Bell tolling ] [ People chattering ] ( Wade ) Poor Quinn . He 's having to go through the pain of losing his father all over again . Yes , I 'm not sure this is a very good idea . The past should be remembered , not relived . ( woman ) Are you a friend of the family ? Kind of . I 'm Quinn 's homeroom teacher . I don 't really know the family , but I wanted Quinn to know that I care . Heather Hanley . Jim Hall , Miss Hanley . You sound like one of my students . Please call me Heather . Hey . You okay ? Yeah . Thanks . Guys , I 'm lost . Now , you said we couldn 't travel back in time , right ? Just parallel worlds . So why are we here in ' 84 ? No , it is actually 1996 . What we 're doing is proving Van Meer 's theorem of straight relativistic time dilation . Oh , sure . That explains it . Herbert Van Meer was a Dutch astrophysicist who postulated the idea of a parallel Earth that was revolving around the sun in the same period of time , but spinning on its axis a little bit faster . It is 1996 , but from our perspective events are occurring as if it was 12 years ago . So , bottom line , we have gone back in time . As you wish , Mr. Brown . I need some time by myself . I 'll hook up with you guys later . Oh , Quinn , wait . [ Stuttering ] Remember that , uh , that great pizza place over on Post that burned down a couple of years ago ? I bet it 's still open . Doggy bag me a couple of slices . There 's somethin I gotta do . ( Mrs. Mallory ) Quinn . Quinn . Come up and eat something , sweetheart . Are they all gone ? Please come upstairs . I 'm not done with this . [ Blows ] I 'll fix a plate and bring it down . You can show me what you 're doing . [ Sighs ] I 'm taking Bopper for a walk . Bopper . Bopper . You left the gate open ! He 's gone ! Bopper 's gone ! We 'll find him . We always do . It 's your fault ! It 's all your fault ! Quinn , I 'll help you look for him ! No . Just leave me alone ! [ Rembrandt laughing ] I cannot believe that you rented a luxury car like this . Ahh , this is a cruise down memory lane , Mr. Brown . When I wore a younger man 's clothes , I owned a car like this . Now , they were happy days . Oh , relax , Professor . We 've been listening to your music all day . Loosen up . Live a little . Yeah , you 're stuck in a rut , Professor . My mother always said the only difference between a rut and the grave is a few inches . Right . Brilliant ! ( Rembrandt ) Oh ! [ Car accelerating ] [ Arturo laughing ] [ Whimpering ] Oh . Oh , my God . My God , you found him . On top of everything else that 's happened , this was really too much . Yeah . Bopper was all mixed up . Six blocks away and moving in the wrong direction when I spotted him . How did you know his name was Bopper ? A neighbor saw me with him . Tall lady , red hair , thick glasses . Mrs. Vanderbecken . I 've seen you before , haven 't I ? At Michael 's funeral . Yes , I was a friend of your husband 's . My name is Jim Hall . We used to play chess together in the park during our lunch hours . Please , come inside . [ Birds chirping ] He told me so much about his family . I feel as if I know you already . Returning our dog was so kind of you , Jim . When I was Quinn 's age , I lost a dog myself . He ran away and never came home . So returning Bopper to this house was my pleasure . I was hoping I could say hello to Quinn . He 's out looking for Bopper . I hope he 'll get over being mad at me when he sees the dog safely home . He 's been angry at me ever since Michael was killed . I just can 't seem to do anything right . He 's mad at the whole world . He dumps on you because he knows you 'll love him , no matter what . Give him time . I should be going . You 've had a long day . Perhaps you can come by another day . I 'm sure Quinn will want to thank you . Maybe I 'll do that . Goodbye , and please accept my condolences . Thank you . ( Rembrandt ) Of course . [ Rembrandt laughs ] Hey . Hey , Q-Ball . So , is the pizza at Acovone 's still any good ? Try it for yourself . It 's better when it 's hot . The grease has congealed a little . Heh , heh . ( Quinn ) I 'm tellin ' you , you can 't beat this sausage on any world we 've been to . I have just seen my very first American football game . ( Arturo ) It was fantastic . There was this fellow , Joe Montana . He marshals his squad like a general . Teams , Professor . They 're called teams , not squads . [ Chuckles ] It was awesome , Q-Ball . In spite of the fact that I knew the final score even before the game began , just to see Joe in action again ... Awesome , man . I mean , awesome ! [ Rembrandt chuckles ] So , did you talk to yourself ? To little Quinn . Not yet . Did see my mom , though . I 'd forgotten how rough it was for us right after my dad died . Today , I really saw the pain she 's going through . She 's got nobody to be there for her . I wish she had someone to talk to . Someone . Not you . We can 't allow ourselves to interfere with these lives . The timing of our sliding onto to this world is more than coincidence . I 'm here for a reason , Professor . Something 's about to happen to young Quinn and the incident 's going to occur in the schoolyard on the day we slide . But it 's not going to happen here . Not the same way . I won 't allow it . Quinn , I ... I think that you just need to take a step back . Let us all discuss this . Wade , don 't try and talk me out of this . I know what I 'm doin ' . I 'm sorry . So , how did you guys talk the Professor into going to a football game ? [ Chuckles ] That was the weird part . It was his idea . When he said he wanted to do something extraordinary , we thought he was talkin ' about museums or art galleries , huh ? ( Arturo ) I 've been to thousands of those . I 've never been to a football game . And it 's all due to that remarkable woman , Mr. Brown 's mother . Mama . Rembrandt 's mom . [ Rembrandt chuckles ] [ School bell ringing ] [ Kids chattering ] Whoa . Nice move , queer . The name 's Quinn . Heard about your dad . Heard he blew his brains out in your bedroom . That 's a lie . He was ... he was hit by a car . Yeah , and I was driving . Splattered him good . [ Kids shouting ] You think you 're so smart , Mallory . You think you 're better than us , don 't you ? I 'm gonna put a dent in that special brain of yours . That 's not very smart , Rex . Even for you . I understand you , Rex . I know your secret . You 're dyslexic , and you lash out because you can 't read . Brady Oaks , one day you 'll be a born-again and you 'll regret all the cruel things you 've done ! Find God now , son ! Don 't wait ! [ Singing ] We found a stray in the hallway . Yes , I believe that he 's looking for you , Mr. , um ... Hey , Quinn . You should be home . Mom ... Your mom will be worried . Are you the guy that found my dog ? You are , aren 't you ? We should get you home before your mother puts an APB with the San Francisco Police Department out on you . Your name 's Jim . Mom told me . You guys should 've seen how he stood up for me at school . It was so cool . We 'll , uh , see you guys later . Oh , uh , Jim , before you go , a word . You must not get involved like this . I 'm a big boy , Professor . I know what I 'm doin ' . Mom ? ( Mrs. Mallory ) In here . Jim 's here , Mom . Oh , Mr. Hall , what a nice surprise . I decided to take you up on your offer to meet Quinn . We kind of ran into each other . Mr. Hall , this is ... Actually , we met at the service yesterday . What are you doing here , Miss Hanley ? She 's been telling me about the fight today . Are you all right , Quinn ? It was no big deal . It certainly is a big deal . I won 't have you bullied . I 'm calling those boys ' mothers and ... No , you can 't do that ! I 'll handle it . ( Mrs. Mallory ) It 's my responsibility . You can 't be fighting with ... No ! It 's up to me . Dad said . Just stay out of it . [ Birds chirping ] She 's just trying to do what she thinks is right , Quinn . She 's hurting , too . She misses your dad just as much as you do . Just leave me alone . You don 't know anything about me . I know that you were skipped two grades . I know that you 're younger and smaller than the other kids , that you have no friends , no one you can trust or rely on , and that those bullies are making your life a living hell . But together we can change things . Poor Quinn 's in a lot of pain . The last thing he needs is to be terrorized by bullies . You know , if he won 't let his mother intervene , maybe I can . The only person who can protect Quinn is Quinn , and they 'll keep coming after him until he stands up to them . You heard what Mrs. Mallory said about fighting back . And besides , I 'm afraid he wouldn 't stand a chance . Fighting back is his only chance . You know what , Q-Ball ? I agree with you , man . Little Quinn keeps on taking it , he 's gonna keep on getting it . I had to deal with it more than once in my life as a kid , you know . That 's great . Teach a child that the way to solve his problems is through violence . Look , Quinn , I know you 're trying to help this kid , but everything happens for a reason , even if we don 't understand . You sure you won 't change your mind and come to the opera with us ? I don 't have a tux . You can have mine . [ Wade laughing ] I thought you wanted to try new things . How many times have you seen this opera ? Your generation thinks nothing of seeing Indiana Jones 13 times . Well , I happen to feel the same about Mozart . ( Arturo ) Now , get a move on , children . The curtain 's up in half an hour . [ Whispering ] What is with him ? I 've never seen him act like this . He 's so happy . He 's actually fun to be with . He 's talking about taking it one day at a time . That life is the performance , not the rehearsal . Think he might be stressed out ? I think he 's just tired of being the adult all the time . Ha . [ School bell ringing ] [ Children chattering ] How was the opera ? Fantastic . Wade and Rembrandt had a wonderful time . Glad to hear it . What are you doing here ? Oh , I 'm here to talk some sense into you . This business with your double must stop , and it must stop now . Quinn , listen . By using your knowledge to alter events in his life , you may be changing his future . That 's the idea , Professor . Change his immediate future to spare him from the humiliation and pain I went through . All right , you see that pack of rats moving toward me ? There were three fights . One yesterday , I stopped it . One today , I 'm gonna stop it . And one on Friday . The bad one . Quinn , I know this is tough on you , but you must not interfere . Without this experience , this boy may never reach his full potential . He may never become a man like you . Fight ! [ Kids clamoring ] I gotta stop this . No , Quinn . No . No . No . ( Arturo ) Listen . ( Quinn ) Professor , let me go . Think about it , Quinn ! Professor , get off me ! Quinn , think . Think . Think . You owe it to the Quinn of this world . No ! ( Arturo ) Use your head . ( Quinn ) No ! Quinn . [ Kids continue clamoring ] Is that enough , Professor ? Can I stop it now ? You tell me . How did it end when you were a boy ? It was stopped by Miss Hanley , my homeroom teacher . You saw her at the funeral . ( Quinn ) This is so bizarre . Quinn ? Quinn , are you okay ? ( Quinn ) It 's like looking back in time . [ Kids chattering ] You can look , Mr. Mallory , but don 't touch . Heather . Jim . Thanks for helpin ' out Quinn . That was getting pretty ugly . Look , I appreciate your concern for his welfare , but you really shouldn 't be hanging around watching over him . I 'm not a freak . I just can 't stand by and do nothing . At least we got those bullies off the playground . Brady Oaks and Rex Crandall were suspended . I know , but they 're gonna be back in school on Friday and something terrible is goin ' to happen . On Friday ? How do you know what 's going to happen on Friday ? That 's a little hard to explain . Heather , I 'm only in town for a short while . I leave early Friday afternoon . I need to talk to you about Quinn . Could you ... Would you have dinner with me tonight ? ( Quinn ) Quinn sees his genius as a curse . He 'd much rather be known as an athlete than a brain . But skipping two grades has made him smaller and slower than his classmates . But he 's so gifted . It 's a blessing , not a curse . Ah , and one day he 'll realize that , believe me . But even then , he 'll practice all his science in his basement . Work he does alone in his fortress of solitude . You know , you keep talking about what he will do . How can you possibly know ? Educated guesses . And you can 't be there to protect him every minute , Heather . And something tragic 's going to happen unless I can help him through this . Well , that 's up to Mrs. Mallory , not me . Yeah , I 'm ... I 'm going to stop by and see her later tonight . Why so much interest in Quinn ? I can identify with him , that 's all . Does that mean that you went through something like this when you were Quinn 's age ? You could say that , yeah . I bet all the guys feed you that famous line : " Teachers never looked like you when they went to school . " Yeah . It 's right behind , " What 's your sign ? " Don 't tell me that 's what you were going to say . L ... I can 't . My favorite teacher looked exactly like you . I was Quinn 's age and , man , I had a crush on her . Intense . Of course , I knew it was impossible , but I couldn 't help myself . Crazy , huh ? Yeah , maybe . But not to you . Not at the time . Love 's funny that way . Sometimes it has no boundaries . ( Quinn ) No , seriously , um , when I 'm gone , could you keep an eye on Quinn ? Just kind of look out for him a little , this is an especially rough time and he 's gonna need a friend . Somebody he can trust and open up to . [ Sighs ] You know , I 've never met anybody who speaks about the future with such certainty . I know what I know . I can 't explain how , but please believe me . Of course , Jim . Quinn can count on me . Thank you , Miss Hanley . Oh . Thank you , Mr. Hall . [ Music playing ] How very salubrious . This place really isn 't your style , Professor . What do you say we get a drink somewhere else ? Yes , well , I 'm surprised at you , judging a book by its cover . I look around , I see a number of very congenial souls . A little bit mangy perhaps , but ... [ people chattering ] Barkeeper , what ales do you have ? Well , that depends on what ails you . [ Laughs ] Ah , two lagers , a Black Velvet for my friend , and whatever for you , sir . Thanks , pal . Hi . You 're cool . Well , I suppose I am . So , what do they call you ? They call me Maximillian , but you can call me Max , if you like . Hmm , I like . I 'm Ambrosia . You certainly are , ma 'am . [ Chuckles ] Would you like a drink , Ambrosia ? I want a Skip-And-Go-Naked . Fine , but why not have a drink first ? [ Chuckles ] Skip-And-Go-Naked is a drink . You 're so spacey . It 's gonna be a long night . And then they surrounded me . If you had been there , you could 've stopped it . But without you , I 'm helpless . You know , when I was your age , I was picked on , too . Really ? You ? I 'd be afraid to close my eyes at night because I might wake up in the next instant and it 'd be time to go to school . Time to face the monsters again . All day long , my stomach would be in knots . Right . That 's how it is for me , too . But you must 've killed those guys . They wouldn 't mess with you . I was a punching bag . But I took it , time and again and it just got worse and worse . Quinn , I 'm going to be leaving soon . No . You can 't go . I have to . I don 't have a choice . What 's more important is that Rex and Brady will be back and this time you 'll have to be prepared . But what can I do ? Without you , what can I do ? Learn to defend yourself . Jim , may I speak with you a moment ? My husband was a man of peace . He would never approve of teaching Quinn to fight . There has to be another way . There is . And it 's worse than you can imagine . I 'm asking you to trust me . I know what he 's going through . I care about Quinn , and I would never let anything hurt him . I do trust you . I can 't explain it , but there 's this connection between you and what 's left of this family . Then let me help him . Make your punches count , Quinn . Don 't just throw wildly . Come on , concentrate on what you 're doing . Take aim . That 's it , let it go . Let it all go . He wouldn 't help me . I asked him to come to school and get ' em off my back . He wouldn 't . He said I had to deal with it . Then he said he 'd help me . He didn 't . He lied ! I screamed at him . I told him I hated him . My dad died thinking I hated him . No . He knew how much you loved him , and he loved you with all of his heart . And what happened to your father was an accident . It wasn 't your mother 's fault and it wasn 't yours . Deep down , you might even blame him for leaving you , and that 's what hurts most of all . So you gotta fight those feelings . ( Arturo ) " Love 's not Time 's fool , " though rosy lips and cheeks within his bending sickle 's compass come " Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks , " But bears it out ev 'n to the edge of doom . [ Loud grunting ] If this be error ... " Will you just shut the hell up ? Those words , all those syllables ... It 's like ... it 's like being back at school ! Well , at least that implies that you did go to school . This is good . Are you hanging with this loser , Ambrosia ? Is this Neanderthal belonging to you , Ambrosia ? Hey , I 'm talkin ' to her ! But you 're looking at me . Are you confused ? First you kill my ears , and now you 're sniffin' around my woman . I 'm gonna have to mess you up good , old dude . Come on , man , there 's no need for violence . We can sort this out like rational men . How about a drink ? Look , Bull , you leave him alone , okay ? You don 't own me . Shut up . I despise men who hit women ! Look what you did ! Somebody call the cops ! ( Rembrandt ) Let 's go , Professor . I 'm not looking to spend my last night here in jail . ( Ambrosia ) You big bully ! ( young Quinn ) My dad used to take me stargazing . He bought me a telescope for my eighth birthday . We used to go to a mountaintop . He taught me where to find Orion 's Belt , Altair , and Ursa Major . Did you know we 're all made from stardust ? You , me , your father . All of us . Our atoms were formed in the stars . Not the stars you can see now . No . The older ones . The ones that went nova and turned into dust . Think about it , Quinn . Our bodies are made from remnants of ancient suns . Wow . For real ? For real . Of course , you can 't look to the heavens and actually see your dad , but one day his physical essence will blow into space , yours and mine , too . And together , we 'll make new stars . Tell me that isn 't cool . ( Quinn ) That 's it . Step into your left . You ready ? One , two ... [ kids chattering ] Put your weight into it . Come on , hit me harder . Hey , there 's your friends . All right ! That 's what I 'm talking about . Why don 't you go get some water ? Okay . This is what you 're teachin ' him ? This is what you 've been spending your time doing , teaching a little boy how to bash somebody 's head in ? He 's gotta face those boys today . They 'll be waiting for him in the playground after school . I 'm gonna give that kid everything I 've got until then , and you 're not going to stop me . Look , maybe it isn 't such a hot idea . I mean , the kid could get hurt . You weren 't there 12 years ago , Rembrandt . You didn 't see what happened . So what ? A dozen years ago , you got beat up by some bullies . And now you 're using this poor little kid to get revenge for what happened to you . Oh , come on , Rembrandt . We 've got to find a bungee cord for the other lunatic we slide with . If bungee-cord jumping hasn 't been invented in this world , then it 's just about to be . So why shouldn 't I be first ? I don 't know which of you is crazier . It 's gotta be something in the air . Don 't start on me now . I heard all the arguments . I 'm doin what has to be done . For the boy or for you ? I think you 're a little confused , Professor . This already happened to me , and it scarred me for life . I never got over what happened on that playground . And you 've been angry all your life because you thought you went through it alone . There 's more to it than that . You 're angry now . You 're angry at me because I 'm going to die , and I 'm going to leave you all alone . That 's all right . Just don 't deny it the way you tried to deny the death of your father . It 's must 've been very hard being that little boy . All that happening at school and then having to go home and try to be the big man of the house . I know exactly how Quinn feels . I felt the same way . I never cried . I always pushed forward , stuffing my feelings down , trying to get through it any way I could . You know , forget what I said about not intervening in the lives that we encounter . By teaching this boy to box , you ... you teach him to heal . No matter what happens , you will have been a positive force for good in his life . And your dad will be very proud of you . [ Rembrandt grunting ] Are you sure that you want to do this ? I mean , really sure ? Absolutely , Mr. Brown . I want to fall free and then soar like a bird . [ Wind whistling ] [ Breathing deeply ] ( Arturo ) Looks a lot more than 100 feet . Still , better to live one day as a lion than a thousand as a lamb . ( Rembrandt ) I guess that 's why there 's so many lambs and so few lions . Carpe diem , Mr. Brown . Carpe diem ! [ Laughing ] ( Arturo ) Incredible ! Now haul me up , Mr. Brown , and let me do it again . How do we get him up ? ( Arturo ) Wonderful ! You don 't know ? [ Birds chirping ] All right , it 's started . A bat ? You gave him a bat ? Watch . He didn 't do it . Oh , thank God , he didn 't do it . Brain boy is gonna hurt me . Ooh , I 'm so scared . ( Rembrandt ) Check it out . The little dude doesn 't need a bat . Anybody else wanna go ? On our world , I did hit Brady with the bat . I busted his knee . Broke the bone in four places . He walked with a limp for the rest of his life . You trained your double so he wouldn 't strike out like you did . By teaching him how to defend himself , I was hoping he wouldn 't feel the need to act out of desperation . And he could trust his hands instead of a weapon . Hey . I just wish you could stay . Just remember , I 'm always with you , Quinn . Right there . And I 'm proud of you . Will you be coming back this way one day ? I don 't think so . You know , I never asked who you are . I mean , who you really are . [ Car engine starting ] I think Quinn 's going to be okay now . He earned the respect of his peers by standing up to the worst terror on the playground . You know , the kids are all talking about what he did . He 's a real hero now to a lot of them . [ Sighs ] But , you know , I 'll look after him , just in case . Until you come back . Heather , I won 't be coming back . I can 't explain it . That 's just the way it is . But I thought ... I don 't understand . I know you don 't , and I 'm sorry . I wish I could change the way things are , but it 's beyond my control . I 'll always remember you , Heather . Five seconds . [ Vortex shooting ] [ Whooshing ] [ Whooshing ] [ Whooshing ] Jim . Jim , wait ! [ Vortex swirling ] ( Quinn ) My name isn 't Jim . It 's Quinn . [ Whooshing ] [ Vortex disappears ]
