 [ Explosion ] [ Computer beeping ] Yes . Dr. Jariabek ? ( Jariabek ) Speaking . Yes , I 'm sorry to be calling so late , sir , but the SAT 7 satellite has picked up an unusual reading . Can you be a little more specific , Lieutenant ? It 's showing an unusual declination for an object that 's just penetrated the outer plane of our system . It could only be the pulsar . But that doesn 't make any sense . Well , yes , sir . Well , I know it doesn 't make any sense . Maybe you 'd better come down here and see for ... Lieutenant . Lieutenant ! ( Jariabek ) Lt. Eastman ? Hello . Are you there ? Lieutenant ! I 'm coming down . ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders . [ Siren wailing ] [ Whooshing ] [ Grunts ] ( Professor ) I 'm coming ! I don 't think they were paying retail . Nothing like an air raid to bring out the looters . Does it bother anybody else that we 're all alone here ? Not entirely , Mr. Brown . ( Quinn ) Hey , man ! Hey ! Hey , man . Where is everyone ? [ Coughs ] Gone . All gone . Bomb shelters . [ Panting ] I like it that way . See , they think they 're fooling me by blaming the Russians . But let me tell you something , I know better . ( tramp ) See ? Because it 's all right here . I got this when I was working for President North . And I told Ollie not to get in their face , but he wouldn 't listen to me . And now it 's too late . The commies , they 're gonna push the button and then ... Ka-boom ! [ Car approaching ] Look out ! [ Car tires screeching ] He 's hurt bad . I 'm gonna try to find some help . You must warn them . [ Mumbling ] Pulsar ! [ Panting ] In English , please , Doctor . [ Breathing heavily ] Pulsar ... Trajectory ... 86 , not 87 ... ( Rembrandt ) You know this guy ? Yes , I do . He was Dr. Vladimir Jariabek . A highly respected cosmologist . I , uh , I attended many of his lectures . Yeah , well , you won 't anymore . He 's been shot . [ Tires screeching ] Step away from the suspect . Now ! He 's dead . Was he still alive when you got here ? Barely . Did you hear him say anything before he died ? Mostly gibberish . Did you hear him say anything ? Sorry . He was bleeding too loud . I can see you people need a little motivation . Get them in the car . All right . He didn 't tell us anything , but he gave us this . Slowly . What is that ? [ Grunts ] [ Groaning ] Get her gun . Now it 's time for us to ask some questions . We 're wasting time here , Q-Ball . Let 's just go before they signal the all clear , huh ? ( Quinn ) Remmy , cuff those two . Wade , pop the trunk . You really screwed up . Yeah ? Then how come you 're the one being locked in a trunk ? I will find you . I never forget a face . Come on . By the way , there 's a name that goes with the face . It 's Mallory . Quinn Mallory . ( announcer ) Attention , citizens . The Civil Defense Test has ended . You may return to your normal activities . I repeat , the test has ended . Return to your normal activities . You must have one heck of a good reason why we didn 't tell the truth . A brilliant scientist is dead , Mr. Brown . And I believe , killed by these people . Sufficient grounds , I think , for not telling them anything . He said something about a pulsar . Yes , a pulsar . Also known as a neutron star . It 's an old star that 's collapsed in on itself . ( Professor ) It spins very rapidly . As it spins , it emits an immense burst of electromagnetic radiation or a pulse of radiation , if you like . Hence the word pulsar . Well , they must not be into theory on this world . We have to warn someone about them . Yeah . Now we just have to figure out who to tell . Good bet it 's not the military . You know , on our world , Dr. Jariabek did consult with the military , but he had an office at Cal Tech . I 've always wanted to visit Cal Tech . ( Rickman ) I want hourly updates on the trajectory of that pulsar . I did not ask how difficult it is . Just do it . You wanted to see me , sir ? No , Captain , I did not . But you 've given me no choice . You 've handled this whole incident with Dr. Jariabek very poorly . Airman Cooper said you gave him orders to shoot Jariabek on sight . Now , how the hell am I supposed to command a squad when I don 't know what 's going on , sir ? I don 't recall giving you permission to speak freely , Captain . Arrogance may be admired in a fighter pilot but not in an intelligence officer . Which is what you are now . Don 't you forget it . Yes , sir . I want you to find those people who escaped , Captain . They may be Russian agents working with Jariabek . But Jariabek defected over 20 years ago , sir . He was still a Russian . If he has succeeded in getting word to Moscow the security of the entire SAT 7 program would have been breached . So , it 's better 300 million Russians die instead . You are entitled to your opinion , Captain , but not when you 're wearing that uniform . Sweep Jariabek 's office clean . And keep me informed on the search for the suspects . Yes , sir . Dr. Jariabek was definitely tracking a pulsar . Now , these readings would indicate that it 's due to pass through the outer planes of our solar system . Is that reason enough to kill the man ? Now , these coordinates here suggest a trajectory of 87 degrees , 13 minutes . If it was 86 degrees , 13 minutes ... Good heavens . It would put the pulsar in a position to irradiate part of the Earth . ( Rembrandt ) Irradiate ? Like a nuclear bomb ? ( Professor ) Same effect , different cause . Um , think of a lighthouse . Now , the beam is on all the time but you only see it as it passes through your field of vision . ( Quinn ) Pulsars have a similar narrow beam , only their ejecta is radiation , not light . Now , if that radiation touches the Earth , even for a millisecond the area that it covers will be devastated . Structures will survive , but any living thing , plant or animal , will effectively be melted . Like a neutron bomb . I guess that 's worth killing for . If you don 't want anybody to know . Professor , that map , can it tell you when and where the pulsar will hit ? Yes , it would . Here . Russia . Within the next 24 hours . Hey , it 's Mallory , right ? Quinn Mallory . If you expect to ever get out of here , Quinn Mallory , you 're gonna have to give me a little more information than just your name . I wasn 't born yesterday . And , Captain , I don 't expect you to ever let me out of here . The survival of this country is at stake . And it is obvious you 're not willing to cooperate so I 'm going to assume you 're a Russian operative . Since pulsars are about to nuke a million innocent lives and you 're not doing a damn thing about it , I 'm gonna have to assume you 're a cold-hearted killer . This is not about me . And you couldn 't be more wrong . You denying that you blew Jariabek away ? Yes , I 'm denying it ! Sorry , Captain . Did I hit a sensitive button ? This is not a game . And the loser doesn 't just pick up his marbles and go home . [ Thunder clapping ] Where are my friends ? In another room . Captain ? I 'm getting nowhere , sir . That 's because there 's nowhere to get . And since you have the guns , the ball 's in your court . Well , then , let 's play a different game . Tell us about this . Answer him . It 's called a timer . It has to do with parallel dimensions . Does it open the gateway to other worlds ? Yes . You know about sliding ? I 'm Dr. Jensen . I 've spent the past three years trying to develop equipment to access parallel worlds . Are you from a parallel dimension ? Yeah . We arrived just before Jariabek died . Hope I haven 't disappointed you . Col. Rickman . [ Thunder rumbling ] As I 'm sure Capt. Beckett has informed you , we are at full military alert . And your interaction with Dr. Jariabek borders on espionage . But I just told you , I 'm not from this world . Yes . Which makes your case rather unique and open to negotiation . I 've had some problems with the development of my sliding . What happens if I decide not to help you ? This must be counting down for a reason . If you want it back ... It 's your only way out . I 've gotten past you once , and believe me , it was not difficult . How do I know you 'll let us slide in three days ? You have my word . As an officer and a gentleman . You got anything more convincing ? The penalty for espionage is death by firing squad . ( Rickman ) You will be confined to this base but you have the freedom to move around at will . Just don 't do anything foolish . Carry on , Captain . Your quarters are ready . And Dr. Jensen is waiting for both of you . He 's right this way . There 's something about that girl I don 't like . No , make that everything about that girl I don 't like . You trust these people ? No , but we don 't have a choice . I 've been on enough bases to know that there 's always a way to sneak off . I 'm gonna try to find us a back door out of here . How you doing ? This is truly remarkable . You say that Dr. Jariabek designed this system ? ( Maggie ) That 's correct . Jariabek 's work is the reason we 're so far ahead of the Russians . So you thank him by killing him . I would 've thought a more appropriate reward might 've been a Presidential Commendation and a pay raise . Just because I wear this uniform doesn 't mean I agree with everything we do . On my world , an officer would resign rather than perform a dishonorable act . Then , I suppose it 's different here . [ People chattering ] ( Quinn ) You 've got the ability to track wormholes and store the coordinates in every world you slide to . That 's something I wish I had . A few worlds I 'd like to go back to . Yeah , well , anything I send into the vortex corrupts the integrity of the wormhole and drops out into oblivion . Yeah , that is a problem . Look , I know you can stall me . So I 'll make you a deal better than Rickman 's . You give me the ability to transport humans and I 'll give you the ability to imprint parallel Earth coordinates and track wormholes . That might help you get home someday . All right . First we see if my power chip is compatible with your timer . Agreed . ( Malcolm ) Don 't touch that ! ( Rembrandt ) Hey ! How you doing ? How come you 're not in school ? How come you 're out of uniform ? Well , I 'm just visiting . Who ? The rats ? This is good stuff . You know , when I was a kid , I had a place where I would go . A secret place that nobody else knew about . Why don 't you go there now ? [ Sighs ] I dreamed about being a singer one day . See , I wasn 't very good . So I would go to this place and I would just practice and practice . And I would sing as loud and off-key as I wanted . Because I knew that nobody else would hear or make fun of me . Did you ever get any better ? I 've got five gold records that say so . But I don 't think my singing was as good as your drawings . Why are you trying to sneak out ? I have my reasons . What I don 't have is a clue . The only thing that way is a bad smell . Come on . Your folks know that you 're skipping school ? My dad is in Texas . My stepmom , well , she doesn 't know anything right now . I don 't follow . The doctors say she went into a coma last night . They don 't know why . But it can 't be too good . They 're bringing my dad in tonight . I 'm sorry . This is it . The guards never guard it anymore . Just go across and you 're out of here . All right . Well , thanks a lot . It 's Malcolm , right ? I 'm Remmy . [ Screaming ] Remmy ! You okay ? Yeah . This never happened before . You got to believe me ! [ Panting ] I believe you . It 's okay . I believe you . [ People chattering ] So , Maggie was a fighter pilot ? Yeah . She gave it up last year . That must have lowered flight morale . She 's a good-looking lady . Has a good heart , too . She came to see me every day in rehab . What happened ? Severed a neurotransmitter . I was hot-dogging on a ski trip with Maggie . I 'm sorry . Don 't be . They 've developed a treatment to reconnect it using donor brain tissue , but because of protests from some bleeding hearts , they 're unable to use it . I 'll ski again one day . So , you guys are still dating ? No . We 're married . I 'm sorry . I didn 't know . I know you didn 't . She kept her maiden name . Maggie 's father was a general . She was an only child . She didn 't want his name to die with him . Any progress , Doctor ? We 're about to test the viability of Mallory 's chip in our equipment . All right , it 's in . Let 's see if this thing works . Now all we do is build a clone of his chip . Colonel . SAT 7 just picked up a globular cluster of pulsars approaching our solar system . That pulsar that 's about to hit the Russians , it 's only the lead piece from a collapsing galaxy . On the same trajectory ? ( Professor ) Yes . Transit will take approximately 43 hours . In which time , the Earth will have made almost two full rotations . And what does that mean ? It means by the time the cluster passes by , every inch of the Earth will be saturated with massive amounts of radiation . I 'll call the Pentagon . Mr. Mallory . All life will be extinguished from this planet before we 're due to leave . ( Rembrandt ) Wade . What is it ? The Professor spotted more pulsars . Enough to destroy everything . Meaning that this world is coming to an end ? It already has for Russia . Holy Mary . I have just spoken to the President . He wants us to start to prepare to transport people to a parallel world . As I understand it , with his chip in your device , we have the ability to go and come back at will . Yeah , but we can 't just go to any world . A lot of them are uninhabitable . That 's why you and I are going to scout them . Whoa , whoa , wait . Don 't I get a say in this ? Sure . You volunteered . Hey , Q-Ball , I 'm going with you . Yeah , me , too . W-we 're a good team . We know each other 's moves . No . I want you here to help me . And you I don 't trust . It 's all right , guys . I 'll be fine . I will stay here with Dr. Jensen and continue to develop a power chip that will transport as many people as possible . Of course , you do realize that we will have to accompany you to your new world and slide from there . ( Quinn ) All right , let 's do this . [ Electronic beeping ] I 'm setting it to return us in 30 minutes in case it 's a hostile environment . Let 's hope the first one 's a charm . [ Whooshing ] [ Whooshing ] [ Quinn yelling ] [ Maggie screaming ] Wow . That was some ride . They always are . This doesn 't look like L.A. It may not be . Your husband 's geographic spectrum stabilizer is the same as mine . It has a 500-mile radius . Well , it looks good so far . Maybe . Let 's see if we can find some signs of civilization . What the hell is that ? ( man ) Hey , pal , hole 's over here . Don 't miss the fairway again . Earthquake . In here . ( Wade ) I understand defending yourself from an attack , but not giving civilians a chance to escape isn 't war . It 's slaughter . ( Rickman ) Warning the Russians would have revealed our Star Wars technology to the Chinese . Which , in the bigger picture , would have put American lives at stake . And American lives are what I 'm trying to save now . But I need your help . What for ? I need to compile a list of people who will be transported to the new world . I understand you 're computer savvy . I can 't trust one of my own people to do it . They may not make the cut . Choosing who lives and who dies ? I don 't want that on me . Listen , if you don 't help me , I may not get the job done in time and then no one will be saved . What would you want me to do ? I need you to compile a list of the top people on this base weighting it by their performance evaluations . Those people have earned it . Wait a minute . What about the President ? All those people in Washington ? [ Sighs ] I never spoke with the President . What ? All we 'd end up doing will be taking his friends . Politicians . People with no usable skills . No value to anyone . This is the most egalitarian method I could think of . [ Birds chirping ] Okay . Where do I start ? Hey , Remmy ! I 've been looking for you . What have you got ? Something I drew . Do you like it ? She looks right at me , but she can 't see me . Do you think it 's any good ? Yeah . Yeah . It 's , uh , it 's very powerful . You 're lying . I can tell by your face . Malcolm . Malcolm . Hold up . Wait a minute . Listen to me . Now , first of all , I don 't lie . And second , you have to stop waiting for other people to believe in you before you believe in yourself . How do you know what I believe ? You don 't even know me . Look , I know you better than you think . Someone once told you that you weren 't good enough . That you didn 't have any talent . Guess what , man ? They were wrong . You hear me , Malcolm ? They were wrong . Thanks . I got to go . See you later . Yeah . What do you think this is ? An abandoned well ? Let 's just hope it isn 't an ant tunnel . So , how do you like sliding so far ? I 've been through worse . Ah , yes , of course , the big , tough fighter pilot . I can hear your brass clanging . So , why did they ground you ? I wasn 't grounded . It was voluntary . Because of your husband . His accident made me evaluate my priorities . We weren 't spending enough time together . I realized I had to change that . So , what about you ? Are you and Wade a couple ? No , no , no . We 're just friends . I 'm just your basic physicist . Yeah , right . There 's nothing basic about you guys . And how would you know that ? I married one . [ Thudding ] ( Quinn ) Damn . At least we know what this place is . I had a horse that size once . We 've still got a minute . I would not do that . ( Maggie ) It 's just a rabbit , Mallory . Things aren 't always the same as they are on your own world . I would not move closer . Let 's get one thing straight . If anybody 's giving orders , it 'll be me . You obviously don 't know the first thing about sliding . That would not be very smart . Back off . [ Snarling ] Open the vortex ! [ Whooshing ] After you , Captain ! Steven , it was incredible . You have to try it . Any luck ? Sure , if you like the land of giants and man-eating rabbits . It was inhospitable , sir . How soon can you get back there ? Right away , but we 'll cover more worlds if we don 't come back here after each one . Whatever it takes . Carry on . How 's everything coming with the power chip ? It 's coming fine . Come on , Mallory . Let 's go ! [ Whooshing ] It 's like sliding with Patton . [ Laughing ] [ Whooshing ] [ Moaning ] Why does every landing have to be so hard ? I 've been asking myself that for three years . What happened ? I thought we weren 't going to slide back home . We didn 't . One of the quirks about sliding is that some worlds are almost identical to your own . Well , then maybe this is the world we 've been looking for . Don 't move ! Oh , my God . Oh , my God . [ Glass breaking ] ( Malcolm ) I 've been telling my dad about you . He can 't wait to meet you . Dad ? Dad ? Dad ! Hey , Dad . What 's wrong with him ? Answer me . Dad ? I brought you some coffee . Thanks . What were you doing here in the first place ? I was going to tell Malcolm 's dad about the pulsars . You didn 't want him going anywhere , huh ? Yeah , the only solace might be with your loved ones when it 's time . Now it looks like Malcolm won 't even have that little bit of comfort . I 've just been reading the statement you made . You told the MPs you saw no one outside Cpl. Eastman 's quarters . Is that correct ? That 's right , but someone deliberately broke that porch light . Malcolm 's father was suckered out here because somebody wanted him in the dark . Are you saying he was attacked ? We have no proof of that . Just that you 've had 20 people fall into a coma within the past three months . Now , I don 't think that a smart man could just write it off as a coincidence . Remmy . I don 't know whether you 've noticed , but I 've got a full plate full of problems and I have not got time to waste on a hunch . Yeah , but if I am right and the person who 's responsible for these comas gets on your approved list , you 'll be taking a whole lot of trouble with you when you slide ! Then you 'd better join me in praying you 're wrong . Thanks for the coffee . Suddenly , I 'm having a hard time swallowing . You can 't just ignore it if there 's some psycho out there attacking people . Look , it 's my problem , not yours . Now , I 've been looking through this preliminary list that you 've prepared . We need to narrow it down to people most valuable in establishing a new colony . Doctors , engineers , that kind of thing . I don 't wanna be the one to cross people 's names off the list . I know it 's difficult , but we must take the brightest and the best . What about the children ? Your new world will need a future . We 'll take as many as we can . Think of the ones we 're saving , Wade . That 's where you need to focus . We slide in 20 minutes . What happens if we don 't make it ? Then we 're stuck here for 29 years . [ Sighs ] Okay , so what 's the procedure in a situation like this ? There is no procedure . Come on . You must have been in situations like this before . Oh , yeah , I 've broken out of guarded rooms , snuck across a military base and gotten my timer back from armed intelligence officers I 'd say , at least a dozen times . Piece of cake . Hey , you 're the experienced slider . I just assumed there 'd be specific strategies in case of capture . That 's not what it 's about . Sliding means improvising . Great . Do doubles share the same personality traits ? Sometimes . Sometimes not . But let 's say this one does think like you . How would you be fooled into letting two intruders escape ? I wouldn 't . Everybody 's got vulnerabilities . Captain . Your ego is running out of time . She 's logical . To the point of myopia . She 'd never think that there 's a chance for escape . So , if we can get her in here , her defenses will be down . Then what ? Then you flatter her . You tell her how impressed you are with her decisiveness , her strength . She 'll like hearing that from a man . Especially someone like you . Really ? Only because you intrigue her . She thinks you 're bold , dangerous . You 'd have to be to do something this daring . But , lucky for us , she doesn 't know the real you . Or maybe she does and it scares her . [ Knocking on door ] Guard ! Tell your captain we 're ready to talk . Any word on Quinn ? No . I think they 're still looking . They won 't let me have an outside line . Rickman 's sealed off the entire base . Yeah . I was , uh , trying to reach Malcolm 's birth mother . At least that way , he wouldn 't have to die alone . Hey , you 've done all you can . Yeah . Now it 's up to you . I want you to put Malcolm 's name on that list of people that 's going to the new world . Wade . It is his only chance . Rickman has ordered that only people with O-negative blood be taken . Look , Remmy , Malcolm 's not in that group . Oh , dear Lord . Professor . What is it ? The first pulsar beam has just hit the Eastern Seaboard . How long do we have ? The next wave of radiation will arrive in 22 hours . Yeah , but the new chip should be up and running well before then . We calculate it will be powerful enough to transport 300 people for at least one slide . Well , if Quinn finds the right world , then they 'll only need one . Three minutes . One minute less than the last time you told me . Well , where the hell is she ? Maybe she doesn 't think like I do . You wouldn 't keep your prisoners waiting ? [ Door opening ] I hear you 're ready to talk . You 've given us no choice . I have to admit we 've never been captured before . So , you admit , then , that you 're spies . I underwent plastic surgery with the hope of infiltrating the base using your identity . If we could have duplicated your mind , we would have been smart enough not to get caught . What is this for ? I 'll hang on to it . ( Quinn ) Of course . That 's the smart thing . But really , if we wanted to , how could we escape ? What happens when this thing reaches zero ? It signals one of our satellites . What happens when this hits zero ? Can 't you tell ? Come on . The answer 's right in front of you . [ Grunting ] [ Electronic beeping ] [ Whooshing ] Let 's go ! ( announcer ) Reports out of Atlanta indicate the destruction in that region is widespread . Emergency crews have been swamped with calls and local hospitals are reporting [ banging ] Severe shortage of critical supplies . Causalities at this time in Fulton County area alone were estimated at ... [ whooshing ] [ Both grunting ] [ Coughs ] We 're running out of time to find a new world , Mallory . Thank you for the update . Hey , that 's my house ! This must be San Francisco . So we 're in your home world ? I don 't know . We 've been down this road before and it 's always been a disappointment . [ Coughing ] This gate has been squeaking since I was a kid . But worlds can be very similar . That 's still no guarantee . Even if this isn 't your home world , it looks like it could fit what we need . You smell that ? It 's Mrs. Randall 's chicken soup . [ Coughing ] You okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Oh , my God ! Quinn ! Mom . Quinn ! Oh , I never thought I 'd hold you again . Quinn , what 's wrong ? Quinn , what 's wrong ? I thought I 'd been home so many times only to find it was you on another world . What ? [ Wheezing ] Where did you get that ? I found it under your mattress about a year after you left . Wrapped in silver paper ? Yes . I was going to give it to you for your birthday the day I slid . I can 't believe it . I 'm really home . [ Moaning ] [ Gasping ] Mom , you 've got to meet ... Are you all right ? Hey , Maggie ! Can 't breathe . [ Gasping ] Open the vortex ! I can 't ! We 've still got 20 minutes . Mom , she 's gonna die . Call 911 . [ Ambulance siren wailing ] We can 't get anything . Is she on medication ? I don 't know . She started coughing and then collapsed . Cyanotic . Excessive muscle usage . Help , here ! Please step outside . No ! Intubate her . She 's closing up . One milligram IV , push . Quinn ! Damn it , I can 't get it in . Get me a trache set , I 've got to cut . There 's no time ! No time ? What are you talking about ? ( Quinn ) I 've got to go . I 've got to get her out of here or she 's gonna die . You see this ? This is what took me away , and this is what will bring me back . No , please . I beg you . I swear I 'll be back . ( Doctor ) What the hell are you doing ? It 's called sliding ! What are you doing ? [ Grunts ] Oh , my God . [ Whooshing ] [ Crying ] I love you . [ Crying ] Quinn !
