 Ah ... poor Quinn Mallory . He was just a boy . Sliding to lim was like a box of matcles . He opened tie box , le played witl fire , and he got burned ! Like lcarus- - he flew too close to the sun , and ... it melted his wings . That is so beautiful , Ryan . Q-Ball 's not even cold and his woman 's got eyes for another guy . Well , that 's all we can do here . Anyone hungry ? What are we waiting for , huh ? ( laughing ) Quinn 's voice : Wait , come back . Don 't leave me . ! No-oo ! Sorry to wake you up , my boy ... but we slide in a couple of minutes . How are you feeling ? Like if I died , no one would care . ( groans ) How long was I out ? You 've been in and out of consciousness for the past three days . You gave us quite a scare , man . With that bullet lodged in your shoulder , Ryan had a devil of a trouble getting it out . Man , what a dream . I dreamt Ryan asked Wade to stay with him . He did . I said no . When we woke up this morning he was gone . He saved your life , Quinn ... and I think I broke his heart . ( wind hisses ) Are you wondering- - if you made a mistake ? I 'm just glad you 're all right . ( laughing ) Quinn : Wlat if you could travel to parallel worlds ? Tle same year , tie same Eartl , only different dimensions ? A world wlere tle Russians rule America ? Or wlere your dreams of being a superstar came true ? Or wlere San Francisco was a maximum security prison ? My friends and I found tie gateway . Now tle problem is finding a way back lome . ( tleme music plays ) He 's hurt , Professor . We 've got to get him to a doctor . Where are we gonna find one this time of night ? This place looks dead . Quinn : Oh ! My shoulder . My shoulder , aah ! Okay , what have we got here ? What have we got here ? " Sorcerer ... sorcerer . Sorcerer , sorcerer , sorcerer ... Doctor . " Found one ! ( tlunder rumbling ) Well , would you look at you all , just silvering and clilled to tie bone . You make me wish I was outside enjoying the storm . Our friend here has been injured . Oh , fight with a jealous lover ? Nothing quite so salacious , madam . is there a doctor present ? The doctor is meditating in his chambers , and I will get him for you while you fill out these forms . There 's one constant about every America we visit . Yeah , the healthcare system always sucks . All right . Right this way . Okay . All right now . Let 's see- - perfect . Okay , the doctor will be right with you . Thank you . Hmph . Why did you wait so long to bring him to me ? Hey ... we brought him here as fast as we could . Your head aches , right ? I will fix it for you . Has he ever had chicken pox ? Beats me . I 'll put that down as " Yes . " Allergies , does he have any allergies ? Professor , come and take a look at this stuff . Oh ... This is nonsense anyway . That , my dear , is an eye chart , though I confess , I don 't recognize the alphabet . I do- - it 's the " Witches ' Alphabet . " My friend Sabrina was into this stuff . " Manfred Xang , MD , Doctor of Philosophy , Auric and Pranic healing , spells , formulas , divinations . " Good heavens ! Do you realize what we 've done ? We have delivered Quinn into the hands of a witch doctor . ( Xang screaming ) ( screams continue ) Uh-uh-uh ! You may not disturb the doctor while he is behind closed doors . Madam , to call that quack a quack , is to insult every genuine quack in the medical profession . Hey ! You all right ? Of course he 's all right . Don 't worry . Your epidural sheath is epidendrum-like . Has anyone ever told you that before ? What 's he saying ? - He 's coming on to you . - Your friend 's headache is annihilated . Professor : Headacle ? He 's got a gunslot wound in lis sloulder . ! That 's too bad , I don 't do shoulders . Nurse : I 'll bet that the Sorcerer could help . He wouldn 't see you of course , but still , you can get some of lis miracle balm at tle marketplace . So who is this " Sorcerer " ? How dare you mention that clarlatan in my presence ? Thanks to the Sorcerer , my practice is lalf wiat it was . Just pay your bill and go ! As for you , my dear , you may stay . $ 266 ? For what ? Your friend 's headache 's gone . Services rendered . Quinn : You know , actually , I do feel better . That 's beside the point . We don 't have this kind of money . Hmm ... Given the fraudulent nature of this man 's claims ... I suggest a response that harkens back to our childhoods . Run ! Run like hell . Fools ! I will bring a thousand curses down upon your heads ! ( cat yowls ) Man on TV : Devil coax you to split Grandma 's skull ? - ( Quinn yelling ) - Voices in your lead urge you to pusl your sister down tie stairs ? Look at you . Always turning on the TV first chance you get . - ( Quinn groans ) - lt 's all in the interest of science . What better way to scope out a culture ? Demon bill collectors showing up at your door ? - l 'm tie lawyer wlo can stop tiem . - Q-Ball , look who 's here . Tlat slyster lawyer from our world . I can get those demons off your back ! I mean , off your back ! I 'm Ross J. Kelly , and I 'll fight for you ! A world full of vampires . I 'm not gonna sleep a wink until we slide out of this place . Mr. Sorcerer Steak Sauce , now just $ 1 . 79 . " Sorcerer " this , " Sorcerer " that- - this guy 's got the market cornered on everything . Yeah , but I 'd love to get a piece of his action ! ( groans ) ( yells ) We 'll- - use the closet in the other room . ( wolf lowls ) ( creaking ) ( footsteps , clains clanking ) ( footsteps continue ) ( knocking ) Rembrandt . Quinn . There 's something coming . ( slow raps on door ) - ( bolt clicks ) - Come in . ( raspy breathing ) Wade : What is it ? It 's a subpoena . I 'm being sued . Kelly : Process servers . Tlat 's wly grim reapers get tlose gigs . Tle intimidation factor . And tley just love waking folks up in tle middle of tle niglt . After reviewing the summons that reaper handed you , there 's not a whole lot I can do . You said you could get bill collectors off our backs . You said , " Off our backs . " But you ran out on a bill owed to an accredited shaman . I 'm good , but I 'm not that good . We 'll just have to find a way to get some cash . Didn 't you read the fine print before you signed that medical form ? - No . - Dr. Xang has filed for a " retribution substitution . " - Quinn : What does that mean ? - Kelly : He gets his choice of a body part for his medical experiments if you default . And he 's chosen , according to this document , your brain . You can 't be serious . This is some kind of a joke , right ? ( laughs ) Sure , keep telling yourself that . Well- - what else can we do ? We could file for a delay , but by the time we got one you 'd be dead . This is insane . I can 't believe a civilized society could allow something like this . I can try and talk to Xang 's people , but in the meantime , stay off the streets . You can 't underestimate the danger you are in . In a few lours , every demon bounty lunter in tle city will be tracking you down . Have you got any idea what brains go for on the black market ? So what 's the verdict ? Big trouble . is there anything we can do ? Only the Sorcerer can help you now . But of course , he 'd never see you . Professor : Sorcerers , grim reapers ? Hogwash ! We have seen nothing on this world that cannot be explained by natural law . Rembrandt : Oh , yeah ? That freakazoid last night didn 't look too " natural " to me . Six feet tall and 45 pounds . Professor : Tlat was a reject from a Halloween carnival . Using makeup and costume to intimidate the simpleminded . Wade : Meaning us ? Professor : If the hat fits , wear it . Don 't look now , guys , but we 're being followed . Quick , in here . I 've been expecting you . Please be seated . You have come such a long way to get here . You must be very sad to be separated from your loved ones by such a great distance . That 's unbelievable . Absolutely unbelievable . What are you doing ? If there were four people in more desperate need of a reading , I don 't believe them to exist in tlis or any other world . You are all in grave danger . Beware . Beware , the forces of night are against you . - Oh , please . - Stay together . Look out for one another if you are to survive tlis ordeal . Professor : Could you possibly make tlis more general ? Wade : Professor , don 't be rude . Ol , come on . It 's all generic . Designed to fit most people in most situations . That 's how it works . You are a man who feels slighted , yes ? Because you were never fully appreciated in your closen profession . Tlese are tie invisible clains wlicl you bear . You resent the boy ... because it comes so easily to him . You are " Salieri " to his " Mozart , " yes ? And because le reminds you of tle son you neglected back lome . Now if you truly want to impress me , madam ... tell us one thing that we do not know . You must seek out the Sorcerer . Only he can help you now . But you must lurry , for he is about to go sliding . Sliding ? He has the magic to travel between worlds . Trust in him , for he has the power to send you home . The Sorcerer is a slider . This is fantastic . Professor : Yes , we 've got to find this man and introduce ourselves to him . If he can control the slide , it 's possible we could get home . Home ? I can 't believe it . Rembrandt : Becoming a true believer , Professor ? Believer ? My dear fellow , that half-baked performance in there was nothing but a vaudeville act . Here 's a cab . Taxi ! Wade : You know what I think , Professor ? You 're scared . Scared ? I am scared of nothing . You are . You can 't accept anything that doesn 't fit into your neat little package of science . The supernatural does exist , even on our world . - ( Professor laughs ) - Have you ever tried a Ouija board ? Miss Wells , you 're an intelligent young woman . Why would you involve yourself with a Ouija board ? You 're not going to talk politics now in my cab , are you ? The fundamentalists , now they want to bring Ouija boards into tie classrooms . I say is clear violation of coven and state . Where to ? Do you know where the Sorcerer lives ? Do I know ? ( laughing ) ls Helen Reddy ? ( laughs ) Everybody knows where Sorcerer live . Sorcerer live in big black castle on other side of Golden Gargoyle Gate Bridge . Well , take us to the Sorcerer . End of road . ( thunderclap ) Whoa , wait a minute . This is it ? Where 's the bridge ? There- - Golden Gargoyle Gate Bridge . - ( screecling ) - Quinn : What was that ? Bats . Vicious ... bloodsucking bats . Probably sent by Sorcerer to attack trespassers . Oh , may the Sorcerer forgive me for taking you here . ( bats screecling ) Wade : Maybe we should go a different way- - through Oakland or something . Professor : Nonsense . We 're not going to let superstitions interfere with us . Come on ! ( tlunderclap ) ( growls ) What was that ? An owl . ( squealing ) Rembrandt : Oh , yeah , then what was that ? That was a night warbler ... or a vulture . Wade : What 's a " wobbler " ? ( squealing , screecling ) Quinn : Wlat was tlat ? A nightingale on medication . ( laughs ) Come on . Yeah- - funny , Professor . - Wade : What 's a " wobbler " ? - ( Rembrandt sighs ) Rembrandt : " Tle Golden Gargoyle Gate Bridge . " Let 's go . ( creaking ) Oh , man . Nothing to it , guys . Nothing to fear but fear itself . Come along , Miss Wells . Professor : Keep moving . Come on . Don 't look down . Come on . Quinn : Man . Oh my God ! Quinn ! Rembrandt : Whatever you do , don 't look down . Man , just back up ... slowly . Okay ? ( knocking ) This is really strange , Crying Man . Quinn , let 's just go back the way we came . I 'm not going back . Oh , you 're just going to jump across ? No , I plan on walking across . There 's something about the diffusion of the moonlight . Look . It looks like it 's gone , but I can still feel the bridge . I think it 's an illusion designed to keep people from crossing . Go back if you want to , but I 'm going to see the Sorcerer . Quinn , don 't . Quinn : Don 't dwell on wlere we are- - don 't look down- - just think about something else . Professor : After you , Mr. Brown . Yeah . I 'll have you know this isn 't the first time that " The Crying Man " has walked on air . Yeah , it was December of ' 86 , Norfolk . The Coconut Grove . Hundreds of leartsick fans saw " Tle Crying Man " give his final performance with the " Spinning Topps . " Yeah , I can still hear them calling- - " Rembrandt , Rembrandt ! We want Rembrandt . ! " " Smoke and mirrors , " Professor ? That 's exactly it , Miss Wells . A ratler soplisticated conjurer 's trick . Keep going , keep going . - Wade : Tlat 's incredible . - Rembrandt : Tlat 's sometling , all riglt . Very impressive . ( bird cawing ) ( creature grunting ) ( banging ecloes ) ( gate creaking ) It 's palatial . I 've had dreams about places like this . We 're here to see the Sorcerer . ( buzzes ) What gives ? We 've been hanging around this joint forever . Look at it this way . As long as we 're here , I 'm in no danger of having my brains carved out . You don 't believe that superstitious nonsense , do you ? Go ahead , make light of it . It 's not your brain he wants . What 's that supposed to mean ? Knock it off , will you ? We 're arguing about brains . This is an all-time low , guys . This corporate newsletter says that everyone who works here lives on this side of the bridge and never goes into the city . It appears to be a business empire run by a mystical hermit . That is the heart of the puzzle , isn 't it ? At one level we 've got a world enthralled to the occult , at tle same time under tie tlumb of a big business conglomerate . I bet he 's clearing up nicely . He 's probably got a finger in every pie . Wade : He looks familiar . I 'm Mr. Gale , the Sorcerer 's executive assistant . How may I help you ? Quinn : We 'd like to see the Sorcerer . I 'm afraid that 's impossible . Mister , please . We traveled a really long way to be here . I 'm sure you have . Just last week we had a gentleman here from Japan asking to see the Sorcerer . I believe le 's back in Yokolama by now . Unfortunately , he went home disappointed . Believe it or not , we 've come even farther than him . You will return just as empty-handed . Maybe we could just hang around for a while . I 'm afraid that 's also impossible . Guards ! Sir , please . Be reasonable . Escort them to the bridge . Should you try to enter the tower again , unpleasant force will be used against you . Good day . The Einstein - Rosen-Podolsky bridge- - we 've crossed it . ! It 's a passageway between Earths . We 're sliders . Man on P.A. : Wait . ! Send tiem to me . This way , please . Walk straight ahead , go to the second level and do not turn back . ( creaking ) Professor : Tlis setting is obviously designed to intimidate tie faint of leart , playing on man 's primal fear of the dark . I urge you to follow my example ... and not to be intimidated by it . Stand where you are ! I need to get a closer look at those who would dare to invade ... my domain . There are no invaders here , Your Highness . I will be the judge of that ! I have lived ... for centuries ... sliding from world to world ... drawing my life blood from tie corpses of my enemies . Do you understand ? Are you friend ... or foe ? Friend . Friends , definitely . We mean you no harm . Sorcerer : If you are my friends , I will reward you for the courage of your journey . I am master of the passageway between Earths . He could get us home . See , I knew it was a good thing coming here . We met a new friend . That 's what life 's all about , right ? Words are hollow , human ! Ask not what I can do for you , ask wiat you can do for me . ( sinister laugl ) Wade : Blueprints ? Why would the Sorcerer want Dr. Xang 's blueprints ? Rembrandt : Maybe the guy 's got plans for a competing mini-mall . Wlo cares wly le wants tiem ? We got to figure out low to get tiem . Professor : On tie contrary , the smart move is to do absolutely nothing . We find a nice , warm spot and we hole up until we slide , which is in approximately 1 1 hours ' time . I ... think it 's a little late for that , Professor . Well , well , well . Look what the black cat dragged in . Tle boy witl tle fugitive brain . ( raspy laugh ) Help me strap him down . Good work , my little friend . You 're tie best in tle business . Cut the crap and give me my bounty . This is truly a splendid specimen . I may just keep it and put it in a jar right next to the brain of our beloved ex-president , Ed Wood , Jr . , while the body 's still warm . Quinn ? Get out . I am sorry , Doctor , but these people just- - Get out of here , all of you , get out ! Take the evening off . I warn you , we are personal friends of the Sorcerer , and he 's not going to like this one little bit . Like I 'm scared . Keep back . Dr. Xang , please . I 'm begging you . Take me instead . Even trade . I 'll do anything you want . - lt 's a trick . - Shut up . You can always find another brain . Where will you ever get another me ? If you 're truly sincere , prove your commitment with a kiss . Lying witch ! ( gunshot ) I got one shell left . Who wants it ? I want my bounty . I ought to kill you right now . Get out ! ( growls ) Hunter : I 'll be back for my bounty . You okay ? I think so . Come on , man , let 's blow this place . Not until we get the blueprints . They 'll get us home . We have one shell left , reinforcements will be arriving shortly . Files ! Where are they ? Guys , over here . Do you realize the mistake you 're making ? Yes- - with luck we 'll be out of here without having to pay for it . Xang : You will pay for it- - for tie rest of your lives . Professor . Electronic schematics ... for creation of an inter-dimensional portal ? Gentlemen- - what we have here is plans for a sliding machine . ( hissing ) Guys ... ( gun cocks ) That was quite probably someone 's pet . ( screaming ) Well done , Mr. Brown . That was the pet 's somebody . ( laughs ) ( laughs ) Mr. Gale ! Mr. Gale ! - Mr. Gale , we did it . - Let me see that . - We 've got to tell the Sorcerer . - Well , very good . I 'll bring these directly up to him . I 'm sure he 'll be contacting you in a week or two . - Wade : What ? - Rembrandt : Wait a minute . We slide in an hour . The Sorcerer gave us certain assurances in return for our efforts . I 'm very sorry , but there simply isn 't a way to get an audience with the Sorcerer today . Hey ! Hey , you can 't go up there ! Guards ! Ow ! Guards ! Aah ! Security ! How dare you come up here ? The plans . Your aide wouldn 't let us through , Sorcerer , but you gave us your word ! No ! Stay back ! ( electronic beeping ) Of course . I knew it . It 's like ... looking into a living mirror . I wanted to meet you wien I first saw you in tle monitors . My aide urged me not to . And anyway ... I was too ashamed of what I 've become . I 'm terribly sorry , sir . We tried to stop him downstairs . He tried to keep us from giving these to you . Look , I made a judgment call . How did Dr. Xang get these schematics ? These are your initialed copies . Yes , I can explain that . So can I . To think I trusted you . Tle years I sacrificed . Escort tlis man out of tle castle . What ? Notify the bounty hunters . You can 't do this to me ! No , you promised me my stock options ! No , Quinn ! No , please ! After all my years of service ? Quinn , I made you . ! I made you . ( instruments beeping ) Who else has seen your real face ? Only Mr. Gale . Oh- - and you , of course . God ... you must be so lonely . Oh ... is it that obvious ? ( chuckles ) Wade : One tling I don 't understand . What did Xang want with a sliding machine ? Very simple . Market share . For years , Xang and the shamans held these people hostage with their voodoo oaths and crackpot potions . ( laughs ) When I first slid onto this world , I sensed incredible business potential . I had all these trade routes to bring great products from different worlds but I couldn 't get shelf space . Mr. Gale and I created the " Sorcerer " trademark and the whole thing took off . So Xang wants access to your suppliers ? Exactly . And you 've become a prisoner of your own success . In some ways , aren 't we all ? Mr. Gale convinced me the empire would collapse if the world found out the Sorcerer ... had a human face . My other self is so vital . He 's living his life . That 's what I 'm going to do from now on . It 's a liberation for which I can never repay you . But I 'm still going to try ... by returning you home . So how are we doing , guys ? is this thing really going to work ? My double has an intriguing take on the sliding process . He 's actually figured out the spectrum readings of tle toroidal colomology class . The problem is that what he calls the " Z2 Dileton embedment " is a constant . Come on , fellas , how about English ? Think of a giant roulette wheel . The problem is pinpointing which slot corresponds to the coordinates of our home Earth . But there 's a chance ? Yes , there is simultaneously an absolutely probable chance and a high improbability- - simultaneously . Quinn , I 'm all done here . All right . Let 's do it . ( rumbling ) lf it doesn 't work , then at least we won 't be any worse off then when we started . Come on , guys , I want to go home . Say a prayer for us . You have a great heart , Mr. Brown . Professor ? Courage , mon brave . Et toi aussi , mon garcon . Thanks for everything . As for you ... I know , brother . I owe you my brain ! Whoa- - ! Quinn : It 's my louse . is it possible ? Here 's the bad news . 53 seconds to the next window . If this isn 't home , if we 're wrong , we 're stuck . I don 't know , guys . According to this , OJ Simpson was tried for a double murder . Tle Raiders play in Oakland . Cleveland Indians made the World Series ? A lot could 've happened since we left . That much ? 20 seconds- - all right ! This gate has been squeaking since I was 12 . I know the sound it makes like the back of my hand . Rembrandt : I knew it was too good to be true . That 's what happens when you put your faith in sorcerers . ( wlirring ) Thanks for the iced tea , Mrs. Mallory . I trimmed the hedges and watered the lawn . Oh , and hey , let me show you what I did with the gate . ( silent ) All it needed was a little oil . Quinn always said he was going to fix it . I know how much you miss him , Mrs. M. He 'll be back one day . I know he will .
