 ( Professor ) Last week on Sliders ... Pulsar ... Trajectory ... 86 . It would put the pulsar in a position to irradiate part of the Earth . Every living thing on this planet will be dead before we 're due to slide . I have just spoken to the President . ( Rickman ) He wants us to start to prepare to transport people to a parallel world . You and I are gonna scout them . So , how do you like sliding so far ? Oh , my God . [ Whooshing ] ( Quinn ) It 's my house . I 'm really home . Oh . Are you all right ? Hey ! I got to get her out of here . ( Mrs. Mallory ) What ? Quinn ? [ Monitor beeping ] ( ham operator ) The last time I went out to look , there were bodies everywhere . I don 't know if anyone 's out there to hear this , but my name is Matthew Humphries and I live in Delaware . Not anymore , you don 't . [ Whooshing ] Maggie ! What happened ? I found Earth Prime . Something in the air caused this reaction . Get her to the infirmary . Now . Jensen 's timer has our home coordinates in its memory . We can go home . ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders . ( Jensen ) What the hell happened ? Something in the atmosphere , some chemical , I don 't know what , but she started coughing and she couldn 't breathe . You never told me she could die . This has never happened to any of us before . Your lungs must be different than ours . I suppose I should thank you . You know what ? Don 't get all weepy-eyed about it . Mallory , I 've seen the way you two look at each other . I don 't like it . You got a problem , you talk to your wife . 'Cause as far as I 'm concerned , she 's just someone that I have to put up with . I don 't believe that . And I don 't think you believe it . [ Monitors beeping ] Dr. Jensen , y-your wife wants to see you . Is she all right ? The flight surgeon says she 'll be fully recovered in a few hours . He , uh , also said that if Mr. Mallory had taken any longer getting her back , she 'd be dead . Tell me it 's true . Earth Prime . The coordinates are right here . [ Both laughing ] ( Rembrandt ) Oh , I can 't believe we 're finally goin ' home . The Professor said you saw your mom . Is she gonna call my folks ? Yeah , Artie . Look , she 's got to tell Artie . Look , he 's got to get me bookings or I 'm getting a new agent . ( Quinn ) I didn 't have time to ask her to call anyone . Maggie got sick right away . Oh , listen , no long faces . We 're gonna be home . We 're gonna see our loved ones in a few days . And what a homecoming it 's gonna be . Hey , look , why wait ? Why can 't we just go now ? Yeah . What about the lives we promised to save ? Look , we 've already done more than anybody else would have . Professor gave them the new chip they needed to slide . Let 's let them find their own world . Even if I could transfer our home coordinates into our timer , which I still can 't , our timer hit zero after the pulsars hit . So we have to slide with them if we want to survive . No , no , no , no , not if we use their timer and go now . [ Exhales ] Look , guys , look , there are catacombs under this base . Now , a lot of them could survive down there and use our timer to slide after it hits zero . That 's not the deal I made with them . [ Exclaiming ] So this is about them ? Man , what about us ? Remmy , Remmy . We 'll make the transfer , and we 'll get home just as soon as we finish helping them , okay ? No , no . It 's not okay . [ Wade stammering ] Look , Quinn , the pulsars will be here in less than eight hours . Look , the longer we 're here , the more of a chance that ... that something is gonna go wrong . Wade , I 'm not turning my back on these people . So stay if you 're so all fired up to help them . But Wade and I will go home now . What about your little buddy , Malcolm ? We 'll take him with us . Remmy , he 'll die on our world . He 'll have a lot better chance at a hospital on our world than he will here . They ... they can put him in one of those bubbles or something . We 're not leaving . Wait a minute . Who the hell put you in charge ? You 're the reason why we 're in this mess . It 's all because of you that we 've been taken away from everything that we knew and everybody that we loved . Or have you forgotten that ? You never let me . Well , it seems like it has slipped your mind now . Doggone it ! I mean , what it comes down to , is that we mean less to you than a bunch of strangers . That 's not true . Look , just give me the timer . No . No . Give me the timer . [ Rembrandt grunts ] Remmy . No ! That 's enough . I am sick of you acting like god . You 're just a guy who screwed up and stuck us with the bill . The hell with you . Remmy , wait . The hell with you ! Please ! Sometimes you can be such a bastard . Don 't worry . It 'll all sort itself out in a few days when we 're home . You 're assuming that I care . I know I 'm not supposed to be scared . My dad would want me to be a man . But I don 't want to die . [ Shushing ] You 're not gonna die . But the TV said ... There is a way to go to another world . A nicer place where you 'll be safe . But it 's a secret , and you have to promise to trust me and not tell anybody , okay ? I promise . Can my parents come ? I don 't know if they 're taking coma patients , Malcolm . But I 'll ... I 'll see what I can do , okay ? ( priest ) Congregation , please turn with me in your prayer books to page 347 . ( priest ) " Lord , in your wisdom , " you have decreed the destruction of Earth that you created . [ Woman sobbing ] " It has been a long time coming " and you have given us ample warning . " The day of rapture is upon us . " Please welcome us into your holy house . " We shall soon stand naked before you and ask forgiveness . " For we have sinned against you and our fellow man . " Take mercy upon us , Lord , as we cannot defend our sins . We beseech you to hear our prayers . " Amen . [ Sighs ] Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , hold on there . I don 't need any help . Whatever you say . Does your husband know you 're walking around ? There 's too much going on for me to stay in bed , but thanks for your concern . Let me ask you something . What did I ever do to you besides save your life ? You expect me to say thanks ? You jeopardized the mission , Mallory . You could have been arrested , the timer confiscated . You should have just left me here . I 'll remember that next time . Good . Because I assure you , if the situation were ever reversed , I 'd leave you in a heartbeat . [ Hissing ] [ Lock clicking ] What is it ? Sir , there 's a crowd gathering at the south gate . They think we have a fallout shelter on the base . Like they have in Washington for the VIP 's . [ People yelling ] I wish we had . ( sergeant ) Colonel Rickman , are you watching this ? Yes , Sergeant , I 'm watching it . [ People continue shouting ] No one is to be allowed onto this base . Shoot to kill . ( soldier ) They 're breaking through ! [ Yelling continues ] God forgive me . Fire at will ! [ Guns firing ] [ People screaming ] [ Gunfire continues ] ( Rembrandt ) Don 't you understand , the boy was standing there with tears in his eyes , Wade . What else was I supposed to do ? I can 't believe you told him that . You had no right to lay that off on me . It 's just one more name . It 's more than that . If Malcolm goes on the list , that means someone comes off . You have no idea what it 's like knowing that each name you erase from that screen means that that person dies . You know , all you think about is saving one life . All I 'm thinking about are the people that I 'm not . Wade . Look , I understand . But I don 't know those people . I do know this boy . Remmy , Rickman has made it a lot harder to get on the list . L-l-lt 's not just blood type anymore . He 's got me screening people for specific DNA , specific brain chemistry . I don 't care what you have to do , Wade . But you got to get Malcolm 's name on that list . You 're the only hope I got left . Please . No promises . But I 'll try . Yeah . There 's no reason for you to go , Maggie . Mallory can handle this on his own . With the two of us going , the odds are better that one of us will make it back . Damn it , Maggie . You need more time to recuperate . We have no time . Less than six hours before we have to be on a different world . Please , Maggie . Stay with me . Steven , I 'll be back . I 'll be with you at the end of this world or at the beginning of the next one . The clock is running , people . I got to go . ( Maggie ) Let 's do it . Good luck , my boy . [ Electronic beeping ] [ Whooshing ] Dr. Jensen , have you the final numbers for the slide ? Yes , but it 's lower than I thought . I can only guarantee safe passage for 140 people . Are you certain ? Maybe 10 more , but the strain on the vortex is dangerous enough . I 'd like to run those figures again . No . We stick with 140 and plan around it . [ Phone beeps ] This is Colonel Rickman . Establish a base-wide feed in 10 minutes . [ Phone clicking ] What are you going to say to them ? That we found a way off and everyone 's going . You 're gonna lie to them to the very end ? You want me to tell them they 're all going to die ? This is not gonna turn into the last days of Saigon . We need to maintain order till the slide is complete . Now , if you 're so gung ho in saving more people , be assured no one 's gonna stop you givin ' up your place on the lifeboat . ( Rickman ) I 'm sure , by now , you all know about the pulsars , that more are coming . Until a few moments ago , I , like the rest of you , thought that this was the end . That we 'd all die here . But now we 've found a way for us all to escape . It 's an interdimensional form of travel called sliding , which will allow us all to go to a new world . We have only one chance to make this thing work , so my orders must be followed without question . Anyone who disobeys threatens all of us and they will be executed immediately . We 've compiled a list of all base personnel . Our computers will randomly divide us into two groups . When it becomes time to leave this Earth , each group will leave separately . At 2100 hours , everyone will move to the command buildings at the center of this base . If you want to pray , now 's the time to do it . God help us all . I don 't care what Rickman said . I 'm running those figures again . You 're wasting your time . I don 't think so . Not if I can save a single life . [ Crickets chirping ] You want to take a break ? No . I 'm fine . We haven 't taken a break in six worlds . There 's no review board here , Captain . [ Exhaling ] Meaning what ? You 're always acting as if you 're being graded . If you 're not a perfect soldier here , nobody 's gonna be disappointed . I 'm a general 's daughter , Mallory . Yeah , it opened doors , but it also came with a price . I 've always had to prove myself . Well , what do you know ? There is a person in that uniform . I don 't have time for this . This is the last world we have time to scout . We better make sure it 's the right one . [ Drums beating ] Do you hear that ? [ People chanting ] Sounds like we got neighbors . [ Drums continue beating ] [ All chanting ] ( Maggie ) Oh , they look so primitive . Do you think it 's possible we 've gone back in time ? [ Chanting continues ] ( Quinn ) No , we don 't time travel . Some worlds just develop faster than others . This one seems to be a few hundred thousand years behind us . [ Woman exclaiming ] It looks like some kind of mating ritual . I think it is . It looks so fluid , so smooth . Like each body is telling a separate story . It looks like it has everything we need to survive . But I 'm not sure about the natives . How long before the pulsars hit ? Three hours . Well , we have no choice then . This is our new home . [ Exclaiming continues ] How 's it going ? Slower than I thought . But I 'll get it done . [ Whooshing ] Well ? We found it . Are you certain ? It 's not perfect , sir , but it 's gonna have to do . [ Alarm buzzing ] [ People yelling ] What is going on ? There 's been a security breach at the outer gates . [ All shouting ] [ Alarm continues buzzing ] Establish a perimeter of the quad . We 've got to hold ' em back until it 's time to leave . Yes , sir . I 'll see you at the slide . Maggie . I love you . How 's our timer ? I 've been able to modify it , so you can track wormholes . And our home coordinates ? It 's been taking me longer than I expected to download them . [ Electronic buzzing ] The mob . They must 've reached the power substation . They 're gonna need help re-routing the power flow . I 'll be back as soon as I can . Mr. Mallory . Gather up our companions , I think we should all stick close together . This could turn very sour . Okay . Are you coming ? [ Sighs ] Just let me finish this calculation . ( Rembrandt ) What are those blue flashes in the sky ? ( Wade ) It 's the lead effects of the pulsars . Come on , baby . [ Power switch clicks ] Now ! [ Power humming ] Malcolm 's name get on the list before it blanked ? I 'm not sure . If we can just keep power long enough to finish printing the list . Check it as it comes off , okay ? Come on , come on . [ Printer beeping ] ( Rembrandt ) Oh , yes ! [ Exclaims ] " Malcolm Eastman " . All right ! Oh , I love you , Wade . Cutting it close though . His name 's the last one on the list . Number 150 . 150 ? Yeah . That can 't be right . Rickman sent an e-mail saying that he 'd programmed the computer to cut names off at 140 . Yeah , well , maybe he decided he could take 10 more . Wait a minute . These last few names , the ones before Malcolm 's , they 're coma patients . Why would he take coma patients and leave healthy people behind ? I don 't know . Let 's just find him and ask , huh ? Maybe I can get Malcolm 's folks for that list . Colonel Rickman , as I suspected , Dr. Jensen 's understanding of the physics of sliding is rudimentary . By my calculations we can take at least another 100 people . We go with what we have . No more . Colonel , that is tantamount to murder . Look , I told you . I have enough . What the devil do you mean you have enough ? It 's better that a few make it alive than none at all . We stick with the plan we have . Colonel , it is quite clear to me that you are unsuited for this command , and when the others learn the truth , I 'm sure you will be relieved of it . ( Professor ) Quinn ? ( Professor ) Wade ? [ Professor gasping ] ( Rickman ) You shouldn 't have been so damned clever . ( Rembrandt ) Hey ! ( Wade ) Professor ? Professor . Can you hear us ? Help me . [ Professor echoing ] Help me . [ Monitors beeping ] ( Rembrandt ) Professor , I saw someone running away now . Did you see who it was ? [ Professor mumbling ] Can 't remember . Here , Professor , take these . What are you givin ' him ? A muscle relaxant . Don 't worry . I used to be a candy striper . They always gave them to trauma victims . ( man on TV ) There are many thousands of people that are gathering in churches , in parks , looking for whatever there is that can bring them comfort in the darkest hour of human history . Could you please turn that thing off ? [ TV clicks ] Professor , who did this to you ? [ Mumbling ] It 's okay , Professor . Don 't ... don 't try and talk . You 'll be all right . Not okay . Not all right . Brain ! Brain ! Professor ? Where is the timer ? Where is the timer ? [ Professor patting ] Did Jensen transfer our home coordinates ? Can we go home when it hits zero ? No ... No time . No , no time . That means the only way we 'll get home now is if Rickman will let us use his timer when we slide to the new world . What ? Professor , what do you want ? [ Professor mumbling ] Wanna get up ? Help . [ Professor mumbling ] ( Quinn ) Wanna get up ? [ Professor grunting ] Come on . ( Quinn ) Okay . [ Professor grunting ] Turn . What are you trying to say , Professor ? Turn his head . N-n-need ... [ Professor stammering ] [ Stuttering ] Needle . [ Professor stuttering ] Needle . They 've got the same puncture wounds . [ Gasping ] Quinn , all these coma patients are victims of an assault . Probably the only reason the Professor 's not in a coma now is ' cause we interrupted the attacker . All right . Come on . Let 's get you back to bed . ( Rembrandt ) I 'm going to find Rickman . Whoever 's doing this has good medical knowledge . There 's a good chance that their name is on that list to go to the next world . ( Quinn ) Wade , go with him , make sure he doesn 't do anything stupid . You go with the beta group , your son goes with alpha . No , can 't I stay with my son ? ( woman ) Please ? No . W-what ? [ Kisses ] Guy . Guy . Guy ! How many is that ? ( Guy ) Mom ! [ People chattering ] ( Rickman ) You 've got to focus , Captain . How many is that ? Uh , 115 , sir . ( Rickman ) Next . Malcolm Eastman . Alpha group . Why aren 't my parents here ? Your ... your parents are going in the second group . I 'm not leaving them . Let go of me ! Let him go . [ Sighs ] Colonel , I 'm worried about Steve . He should 've been here by now . Request permission to go look for him , sir . Permission denied . I 'll look for him . You keep this place secure . Yes , sir . [ People chattering ] Next . ( Rembrandt ) Colonel Rickman ! ( Wade ) He 's not here . You take this stuff , okay ? Listen to this . " Rickman 's entire platoon from the Gulf War " died from something they contracted in the desert . " Doctors identified the problem as a fungus that attacks the brain stem destroying brain tissue . " Hey , what does this look like to you ? Syringe vials . If that fungus is attacking him , too , he must be surviving by stealing brain tissue . Come on . Colonel Rickman , turns out the Professor was right after all . My God . I 'm sorry , Dr. Jensen . But you won 't be coming to the new world . [ Malcolm screams ] Quinn . Rembra ... Rembrandt . Don 't ... Good man . Yeah . Not a day goes by I don 't carry the weight for having dragged him into all this . Good boy . ( Rembrandt ) Q-ball , it was Rickman . He 's the one who attacked the Professor . Look , we found these in his office . He got some kind of disease in the Gulf War . ( Wade ) The only way he can survive is by injecting himself with the brain fluid of certain donors . [ Door opening ] [ Door shutting ] [ Banging on door ] ( Rembrandt ) We 're trapped . Wade , grab that gurney and bring it out . What for ? Just do it . Remmy , help me with this . [ Rembrandt grunting ] ( Quinn ) You got it ? ( Rembrandt ) Yeah . [ Both grunting ] Newton . Just like you taught us . For every action , there is an equal and opposite reaction . All right . Strap this on tight . ( Wade ) A jet-propelled battering ram . Quinn , you 're brilliant . ( Quinn ) I 'd save the compliments to see if it works . All right . On tight ? Yeah . Make it straight , lock the wheels . [ Wheels clicking ] ( Quinn ) And get back . Get back . [ Cylinder clinking ] Because I 'm afraid this might explode ! [ Hissing ] [ Explodes ] Good job , Q-ball . Thanks , man . Look , about before , I 'm ... I 'm really sorry . Forget about it . Quinn , we got to move it . Rickman could start sliding at any time . All right , let 's get the Professor up . Come on , Professor . ( Quinn ) The pulsars are getting closer . Colonel . Have you seen my husband ? Bad news , Captain . Some of the civilians made it to the lab . I think they thought that Steve knew where the shelters were . I got there too late . [ People chattering ] I 'm sorry . No . [ Sobs ] I know this is difficult for you , but you 've got to be strong . We have a mission to complete . Sir , what about Mallory and the others ? We can 't wait . We 've got to go now , before the mob reaches us . I 'm going to open the vortex . [ Sobs ] ( man ) Leave it outside ! [ Water running ] ( Malcolm ) Rembrandt ! ( Rembrandt ) Malcolm ? What are you doing out here ? Why aren 't you inside ? I went to go see Colonel Rickman to beg him to let my folks come with us , and I saw him kill Dr. Jensen . Whoa , slow down , slow down . And he was gonna shoot me . [ Electronic beeping ] Quinn , Rickman 's sliding without us . I 'm goin ' after him . Next group , step up ! Ready ! And go ! All right ! Next group , come on ! Let 's get over there to the other side , let 's hurry it up ! Come on , come on , move it ! And go ! [ Whooshing ] We 're losing power ! Go ! Rickman ! [ Quinn grunts ] Quinn ! [ Grunts ] Oh , my God . Professor . Get them home . ( Rembrandt ) Professor , hang in there . Hang in there . ( Wade ) You 're coming with us . Sliders . [ Moans ] [ Groaning ] He deliberately took the bullet for me . I know . So you could lead us home . Quinn , we have to go after Rickman . His timer 's the only way we can get back . Okay , look , uh , the pulsar 's gonna be here in about an hour . We have to get underground . If we get deep enough , the radiation might not reach us before we slide . All right , look , let 's try to find some flashlights and a radiation meter , okay ? All right ? Right . [ Rembrandt sighing ] You shouldn 't have done that . [ Sobbing ] That way leads to a lower level . [ Rumbling ] You hear that ? The pulsars just hit California . Okay , listen up and listen good ! I want water storage there . A medical tent there . And I want a sentry posted on the perimeter every 100 yards . Dismissed ! Captain Beckett . Captain Beckett ! Sir . I want a barbed wire holding pen set up beyond those trees . And I want your report on my desk in three hours . Permission to speak , sir . Colonel , why do we need a holding pen ? We 're gonna use the native population to build our new colony , Captain . You 're talking about slavery . Just look at the people we brought with us , Captain , scientists , engineers , doctors . They 're not used to hard labor . No . We 'll use the native population and when they 've built our new city , I 'll set them free . [ Watch beeps ] Our world just ended , Captain . ( Rembrandt ) How is that thing supposed to track Rickman ? When this red light goes steady , it means it 's locked onto a photon trail . It 's still locked onto the wormhole that Rickman slid through . That thing gets much higher and we 're gonna glow in the dark . ( Quinn ) 10 more seconds . [ Electronic beeping ] [ Machine hissing ] Here we go ! [ Electronic beeping ] Let 's go ! Go ! [ Whooshing ] Maggie . Quinn , you 're here . No thanks to you . It wasn 't my fault . Colonel Rickman ordered the slide early . Where is he ? Down by the river . He-he 's scouting a second base camp . Give me your gun . What for ? Just give me the damn gun . Not till you tell me why ! ( Rembrandt ) Rickman murdered the Professor . And your husband . Tell her . It 's true . I saw it . He shot him for no reason . ( Rembrandt ) Look , he probably discovered that Rickman 's responsible for the coma victims . He 'd been stealing their brain tissue . I don 't understand . You want answers or you want justice ? I want revenge . You guys stay here , in case he comes back . ( Quinn ) Is he armed ? ( Maggie ) No . Not inside the perimeter . Is he alone ? I don 't know . Let 's split up . [ Maggie grunts ] Sloppy procedure , Captain . [ Panting ] You bastard . Why did you kill Steven ? He was a victim of bad timing . Or maybe he found out you were destroying innocent people . You 're very good at that , aren 't you , Colonel ? I did what I had to do . I 'm an officer , Beckett . Trained to survive and to lead people . And I had 150 lives waiting for me to take them to somewhere safe . Yeah , who 's going to save them from you ? [ Maggie exclaims ] [ Moans ] Unfortunately , not you . [ Quinn grunting ] [ Quinn groaning ] [ Quinn grunts ] Are you all right ? Why didn 't you just shoot him ? Because I was afraid I might hit you . I know , I know . If the situation was reversed , you 'd shoot me . I 'm not so sure . [ Electronic beeping ] [ Whooshing ] Rickman ! [ Quinn grunts ] Quinn , open the vortex . I can 't until the timer hits zero . But that 's hours from now . It 's okay . This is tracking him . It 'll hold the path of his wormhole until I clear it . Don 't worry . He can 't lose us . Thanks to your husband . ( Rembrandt ) Way over yonder is a place that I know Where I can find shelter from the hunger and cold Where the good tasting sweet life is so easily found Way over yonder that 's where I 'm bound [ seagulls cawing ] Someone want to say something ? Yeah , I do . It was great knowing you , Professor . [ Wade sniffs ] You were so unique in so many ways and , uh , you could be cantankerous at times [ Wade and Rembrandt sniffle ] But , uh , I know it was because you cared about us . And when we get back home , I 'm gonna write a song for you . Something classy , righteous , so that people won 't forget you . I 'd like to say something . [ Sniffs ] I don 't believe in good-byes , not really . I can 't believe that everything we are and everything we 've done , just disappears . I ... I think our spirit , it 's like a river , [ sniffles ] It goes somewhere . And I know in my heart I 'll see you again . I never would have been the student I was without your guidance and love . You taught me there are no limits to the imagination . You were a true adventurer . Now you 're the greatest adventurer of all time . Good-bye , Professor . Good-bye . We 're going to miss the hell out of you . Oh , yeah . Are you ever comin ' back ? We have your coordinates . You know I 'm coming back to see you one day . But for now , we 've got to find Rickman . I mean , he 's got to pay for what he did . Plus he has the timer that 's gonna get me home . Look , you 're gonna be okay . There are a lot of good people here who 'll look after you , all right ? I 'm going with you . I thought you had a mission ? I got a new one . Well , it 's fine by me , but I 'm not the only vote . Once we get Rickman 's timer , you can drop me off on your way home . It 's okay with me . ( Quinn ) First we have to find Rickman . Yeah , fine . Welcome aboard , Captain Beckett . Just Beckett . I resigned my commission . It 's time . [ Electronic beeping ] [ Whooshing ] Keep drawing ! [ Birds chirping ] I 'll be waiting , Rembrandt . I 'll be waiting . [ Grunts ] [ Quinn and Rembrandt grunt ] Guys ! Puncture wound . He 's not here . But I 'm tracking a new wormhole . That means he just slid . How long before we can follow ? 11 hours . Don 't worry . We 'll find him . No matter how long it takes . We 'll find him .
