 ( Arturo ) Faster , faster ! [ Wade whooping ] ( Quinn ) Watch your head ! The branches ! [ All exclaiming ] I told you we 'd never finish the run before the timer hit zero . So much for making a quick $ 10,000 . [ Rembrandt groans ] ( Arturo ) Ah ! It 's just as well . The way Brown was driving , we 'd all have died on that last corner . Oh , yeah ? Who was it that kept yelling in my ear : " Faster , faster " ? Oh , man . Well , when I said that I wanted to lay on some sand in the next world , I didn 't mean a desert . How long are we here , Mr. Mallory ? [ Beeping ] I can 't get a reading , Professor . This thing 's going crazy . Hey , guys , check this out . ( Quinn ) What 's he got under his arm ? ( Rembrandt ) It looks like a snowboard . This little dude 's gonna surf a dust devil . That 's not a dust devil , Rembrandt , that 's a twister . [ Whooping ] How interesting . It seems to be generated by some sort of electrical field . [ Whooping ] ( Wade ) He 's in trouble . ( Caleb ) Oh , no . Help ! Somebody help ! [ Caleb screaming ] [ Quinn shouting ] You okay ? Hey , wait ! Wait ! I want to ask you something . That 's weird , huh ? It 's just like the ground opened up and swallowed him ! ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders . Ah . That 's the fourth twister in an hour . They seem as common here as lightning . Looks like we 're in some kind of land-locked Bermuda Triangle . There 's no way to tell how long we have until we slide . [ Beeping ] The twister itself doesn 't seem to have any effect on the device . Which would imply that the entire atmosphere is electrically charged . Yeah , well , at least they don 't last that long , huh ? Thank our stars we 're not in a trailer park . My folks used to make me watch The Wizard of Oz every year on TV like it was a special event . Flying monkeys , poisoned poppies , tornadoes , witches , good family fun . I couldn 't sleep for a week . Well , if a building does drop on us , I hope it 's a Burger Burglar . [ Both chuckle ] I 've been hungry since the last world . Yeah . ( Wade ) We should have looked a little harder for that kid . There 's no way he could have survived on his own out here . There 's got to be other people , maybe a town ? Yeah , maybe . Water . Yes . Wait . Why ? I 'm dying of thirst . Drink that and you 'll be dying , all right . ( Rembrandt ) Great . We finally find water and it 's poisoned . I don 't know if it 's poisoned , Rembrandt . Still waters run hot . Well , that explains the burn marks on the animals . And puts paid to Miss Wells ' theory about alien experimentation . Would you like me to get you a glass of water , Professor ? You do realize that the whole surface of the planet could have a high electrical charge . And this could have very grave consequences for us . If we don 't stabilize the timer , we 'll never be able to open the gate . Hey , come look at this . All right . ( Arturo ) Well done , Miss Wells . Professor , the timer 's stabilizing . What ? Of course . These rocks must be lodestone . ( Rembrandt ) Well , what do the rocks have to do with the timer ? Lodestone are magnetites . Whatever electrical charge is interfering with the timer , must be on the same polarity as these rocks . Yes , and if you two will remember from your elementary-school science ... We get it , Professor . Opposites attract , similars repel . This is good news . This is very good news , indeed . How long till we slide ? 23 hours , 8 minutes . It would appear the lodestone perimeter acts as a natural barrier to protect this area from those twisters . That 's a hell of a welcome sign . Harsh environments create harsh people , Mr. Brown . Look , maybe we should just keep going , huh ? We can 't let fear of the unknown make decisions for us . Too many questions about this place I want answers to . We 're explorers , right ? So let 's explore . [ Horse neighing ] " We 're explorers , right ? " Who are we supposed to be , freaking Lewis and Clark ? ( Franklin ) These outcasts are relentless , like rats . How many do I have to execute before the raids stop ? I just spoke with Mrs. Brackus ... she said someone stole half her food supply from the shed during the past two hours . Two hours ? I thought you said you found out how they were getting in . We find a tunnel opening and seal it , they open a new one . If a person gets desperate enough , he 'll do almost anything to feed himself or his family . People like that don 't scare . Now , we might try to talk with them , you know , see if we can 't reach some kind of an agreement . No ! These outcasts were banished for cause , Jacob . You don 't reason with trash like that . And it 's no coincidence these rats aren 't using the tunnels we stake out . Someone is warning them . One of us . No man here would betray you , Franklin . Water , anyone ? Hey , Q-Ball , aren 't you thirsty ? No , thanks . What 's going on , fella ? This barn reminds me of a trip I took with my folks one summer to my aunt 's farm in Minnesota . I was 11 , had never been out of the city before , and thought life couldn 't get any better . I remember telling my mom and dad I never wanted us to grow any older . I wanted things to stay just like that forever . [ Chuckles ] That was the last trip I took with my dad . He died two months later . I sure miss Dad . Don 't be alarmed . We mean no harm . We 're just travelers from a distant place . Are you from Reed 's camp ? [ Dog barking ] Look , you can 't stay here , it 's too dangerous . [ Whirring ] What 's that noise ? It 's just a tornado . Don 't be worried , Mr. Brown . The lodestone will protect us . ( Arturo ) The electrically charged tornado cannot enter this place . ( Wade ) It 's getting closer , Professor . Are you sure it can 't jump those rocks ? ( Jenny ) Oh , my God ! I can 't believe this is happening . Come on . Come on , hurry . Come on . Come on . Go . Go ! Come on . Go ! So much for that scientific mumbo-jumbo you were giving me . Has this ever happened before ? Never . I mean , this place is safe . It 's safe . [ Glass shattering ] [ Rattling ] You 'd better put that in the past tense . I haven 't heard noise like this since a hurricane took my destroyer and turned it up on its nose in the middle of the Atlantic . It sounds like it 's stuck right on top of us . [ Rattling ] Why did it stop moving ? I don 't know . I mean , it doesn 't make any sense . There 's nothing electrical inside of the lodestone to attract it . It 's going crazy again . Where did you get that ? [ Whooshing ] It just burned itself out . [ Gasping ] I can 't believe that we 're walking around here with a tornado magnet . [ Men chattering ] You mustn 't let my father see that . If he catches you with it , there 's no telling what he 'll do . He 'll think you brought the twisters on us . Well , I 'll just hide it here until we slide . ( Jacob ) Come on out of there . Jenny , who are these people ? I don 't know . They were in the barn when I came in . It 's electronic . This is what brought the twister . Not only raiding our food supplies , but trying to destroy my town ? No . Look , we just needed ... What you need is to pray for a quick death . ( Quinn ) You cowards . You can 't do this to me ! I 've done nothing wrong ! [ Thudding ] [ Quinn groans ] What are they doing to him out there ? Whatever is required to get the truth . Man , we have already told you the truth . Franklin , the device that you are holding in your hand opens the door to the gateway . Let me explain all this again to you slowly ... I 'm sick of your lying tongues . ( Franklin ) This brought the twister . And I am going to make sure that neither it , nor you , is a threat any longer . [ Quinn groaning ] I told you the truth . ( Jacob ) That you 're travelers from another planet ? We 're simple people but we 're not stupid . Now , why don 't you tell me the real truth . Where are the other outcasts ? Huh ? Who 's their leader , you ? [ Grunts ] Tell me . We come from another dimension . The device Franklin took opens the vortex that we slide through . But Franklin said ... I know what Franklin said . ( Wade ) Quinn . I 'm all right . ( Quinn ) They didn 't break your laws , I did ! I brought the timer into your town . Banish me . If they 're truly innocent , God will know and spare them . Sir ! You 're barbarians . Even savages would have shown us some hospitality . Father , maybe they didn 't know our laws . Ignorance is never an excuse . What about the girl ? She 's of childbearing age . She 's poor stock , skinny , narrow-hipped . Hard work is all she needs . It will clear her mind and strengthen her body . All right , but she 'll be your responsibility . I 'm not leaving my friends ! Do it . Put it on . I 'm not staying here without you . We can find a way back . You 've got to get the timer . [ Quinn groans ] ( Martin ) All right . [ Horse neighing ] I don 't know which is worse , this ride or the beating . I 've never been banished before . Except for that time in Abilene . Cowboys just didn 't get Motown . You know , Franklin isn 't the country bumpkin he sets himself out to be . He disassembled our timer with skilled fingers . ( Arturo ) And there aren 't that many farmers I know that have a set of micro-instruments . You think he 's a scientist ? But look at this community . It couldn 't be more backwards . By design , Mr. Mallory . Franklin keeps his people in the dark , and I don 't mean metaphorically . Knowledge is a dangerous thing for Mr. Franklin . [ Yells ] Our stop ? Yeah . Let 's go . Okay . Get them off . Let 's go ! All right , I 'm coming , I 'm coming . Hey . [ Yelling ] Hey ! Wait a minute . You just can 't leave us here like this . Give us some water . You got to give us a chance . What are you ... Why don 't you give us a chance ? [ Driver yelling ] ( Rembrandt ) Has anybody got any ideas ? Now is a good time to speak up . [ Wind howling ] Turn around . All right , stay still . Let me try and get your ropes . [ Birds chirping ] Thank you . Jacob ! ( Franklin ) Let that girl do her work . I 'm just bringing her some water . Who elected him God ? Watch what you say . This town wouldn 't even be here if it wasn 't for Franklin . When the twisters came , he was the one who figured out the lodestone would save us . So that lets him dictate who lives and who dies ? You need to teach her our ways , Jenny , if she wants to stay alive . I already know your ways . And I 'm not sure they 're worth living under . You must be from a different world . I 've never seen a woman act like you before . How am I acting ? Like an equal . I 'm to wed Jacob , and if I spoke to him , or any other man like you did , I don 't know what would happen . Try it . It might surprise you . [ Chuckling ] And them . What happened to this world ? All I know is , when my brother and I were little , something happened that made the tornadoes come . It 's ... I heard rumors that it was some sort of accident in a scientific laboratory . We 're all that 's left . Twisters wiped out everything . So just you and your brother live here with your father ? My father banished my brother . He sent his own son away ? For what ? It doesn 't matter . But I know he 's out there . And every day I pray that he 'll survive the next day . Wade , your friends are gonna be all right . The other outcasts will find them . How can you know that ? Trust , Wade . You 've gotta have faith . I can do something for you and your friends . Pick up the basket and follow me . [ All coughing ] ( Arturo ) We 've got to get out of this windstorm . Dust ! It 's in my eyes ! ( Arturo ) Find a rock ! [ Exclaims ] Rembrandt ! ( Arturo ) Mr. Brown , are you all right ? ( Quinn ) Rembrandt ! ( Arturo ) Mr. Brown ! Mr. Brown ? Rembrandt ! ( Arturo ) Mr. Brown ! [ Groaning ] I never thought I 'd meet a bigger blowhard than you , Professor . Where there 's humor , there 's life . Let 's try and get him up . And go where ? Here . Wade ? Am I seeing straight ? All right . [ Grunts ] And me . Oh , thank you . Thank you , my boy . What are you doing out here ? Watching you . It looked like you finally needed some help . Finally ? You give us too much credit . Come on . [ Wind howling ] Stay in sight . ( Rembrandt ) Where is he going ? [ Quinn coughing ] ( Caleb ) Follow me . Let 's go . [ Groaning ] Come on , over here . Whoa , the Batcave . ( Reed ) It used to be the Concord Air Force Base . Now it 's our home . Caleb tells me that you 've helped him . And he 's returned the favor . You 're outcasts , aren 't you ? We 're afraid we saw one of your members in the stocks outside town . Eddie Costas . A good man . He used to work for my father , until they got into a disagreement and my father banished him . You 're Franklin Michener 's son . ( Reed ) I don 't carry that name with pride . You men look hungry . Let 's get you some food . Where are we going ? Hurry . If we 're late , he won 't wait for us . Caleb . It 's me . It 's okay . She 's one of us . Um , give him the note . Take that to Reed . Tell him that if he finds three men in the desert to take them in . They 're friends and they need his help . I found them , in the storm . They 're below , with us . They 're safe . Father ... Don 't insult me by saying you can explain . You realize I will have to make an example of the both of you . Take them back to the house . ( Wade ) Hey , let me go . The timer is what allows us to travel through to parallel worlds . But on this world , it only works in reverse-polarity areas like your father 's town . Well , don 't worry about it , because despite my father 's ranting and raving about this all being the devil 's work , he would never destroy your machine , because he 's a true scientist at heart . So he was once a scientist , then ? ( Reed ) Yes . He was once involved with a research group for the government back in the ' 60s . Even if Wade can find the timer , how are we gonna get back into that loony farm and slide with no one watching ? Tasty , Mr. Brown ? [ Spitting ] Tastes like frogs frapped in a Cuisinart . Health food , Remmy . Looks like micro-algae . Mmm . Actually , it 's grown underground in a pond . It 's , unfortunately , the only source of vitamin B or protein that you 're gonna get here . So , drink up . Cheers , my friend . [ Sighs ] You know , I didn 't get along all that well with my father either , I don 't think I would have crossed him if I knew this was gonna be my punishment . [ All laughing ] It 's not that simple . Come on , drink , drink . ( Reed ) Enjoy . Jenny ? Let her go , Jacob . She wears the shunning . No . No . You know the law . She 's to be my wife ! Not anymore . " She moves among us , and we do not see her , she cries out ... " Say it . Say it ! " She cries out , but we do not hear her . She is but a shadow among us , forever . " [ Door closes ] A weather station . Yes . My father worked here with a man named Thomas Malone . Thomas Malone ? There 's a man on our world that I worked with once , called Tom Malone . He was working on harnessing the power of the elements . Really ? Well , this man was experimenting with the natural electro-magnetic dynamos that we have underground . Uh , he was creating these electric tornadoes that would benefit mankind . Exactly how would a tornado benefit anybody ? Well , for instance , if you needed to level a slum for rebuilding ... Yes . Or , uh , plough a trench to build a canal . ( Rembrandt ) Amazing . But what happened was the government got wind of this little idea and they decided it would be in their best interest to turn these into destructive weapons . A dozen tornadoes sent through an enemy city on specific paths would destroy it . Yes . And you can blame Mother Nature . It 's called the " perfect deniability scenario . " ( Reed ) Exactly . And when Mr. Malone found out about this , he decided he was gonna bail out on the whole project . When he told my father about it , my father was afraid he would lose funding . And they got into a little argument . One thing led to another , and Mr. Malone fell and hit his head . My father continued the project alone . And then things went disastrously wrong . ( Reed ) Exactly . Once my father finally tapped into these electronic dynamos , it began a chain of events , which were out of his control . Kind of like letting the electric genie out of the bottle . Exactly . And the way I found out about all of this is I looked at my father 's diary about three years ago , and I confronted him . And he sent me out to the middle of the desert with six men , who beat me and , uh , left me there . I think ... Reed ! Reed , there 's trouble . They almost caught me . Caleb , tell me , why ? They were waiting when I came out of the tunnel . They caught your sister and your friend . ( Caleb ) Your father said he 's gonna make an example of them . Jenny ! We 've gotta go get them . ( Rembrandt ) What if Wade doesn 't have the timer ? We can 't worry about that right now . Reed . May I tap into your solar power source ? Yeah . Why ? I 'm familiar with most of the equipment here . I believe I could create a field that was negative enough for us to , uh , slide from this world . All right . You got it . Listen , Caleb , remember those books we found ? Yeah , I do . I want you to show him anything he needs . Okay . ( Wade ) Jenny ? Is your father gonna banish me ? I don 't know . That would have been easier for me . I 've been shunned . I can 't believe a father could do that to his own daughter . He wasn 't always like this . You know , when I was small , I loved him so much . Everyday he would come home from the air force base and I 'd run out and throw my arms around him . He 'd pick me up , spin me around , I never wanted to let go . My father worked so much , I never got to see him . When he retired I made him promise that we 'd spend more time together . A month later , I went sliding . I really miss him . Hang on ! How far will those two cubic feet of natural gas get us ? I don 't know . We 've never used it before . Jacob , let me out . Jacob ? Jacob , I know no one is supposed to speak to me . My ears do not hear you . But you do hear me , Jacob . I know you do . My father can deny our marriage , but he can 't deny our love . My heart is yours forever . Please . We can have this one moment . Let 's not live our lives always wondering what might have been . Maybe I can talk to your father . We both know that won 't do any good . Jacob , please just hold me . Please ? Oh , Jacob . [ Grunts ] Forgive me , Jacob . ( Jenny ) Come on , Wade . Jenny , what are you doing ? I-I 've got to get the timer . It 's in my father 's safe . You go to the tunnel . I 'll get it and meet you there . [ Gasps ] You continue to defy me . There can only be one punishment grave enough for you . Move . Move . Go on . Git ! Please , I haven 't done anything to deserve this . Have you found Jenny ? No . She must have escaped into one of the tunnels . You 're not without blame in all this . This woman was caught giving food to the outcasts . ( Franklin ) She mocks our laws . She 's even turned my own flesh and blood against me . Against us ! If we 're to survive as a community , behavior like this cannot be tolerated . Her punishment will be death by drowning . Oh , man . ( Wade ) Please . I 've done nothing wrong ! I 've got to do something . ( Wade ) Don 't drown me ! Quinn , you don 't stand a chance . ( Quinn ) I can 't just let her die . Give me your knife . ( Reed ) All right , you got it . Q-Ball ... I 'll be okay . We 'll meet you on the other side of the pond when you get her . Come on . [ Gasping ] Don 't fight your fate , woman . [ People murmuring ] It 's the outcasts ! Go get them ! ( Reed ) Come on , let 's go , let 's go , let 's go ! The timer 's back at the house . Where 's my sister ? I don 't know . She escaped . All right . That should fix that one . Yeah , that one 's done . So you know what I 'm doing , do you ? Yeah . You 're , uh , moving those round things that stick out of the ground over our heads . Yeah . Well , technically , they 're called coils . What I 'm trying to do , is try to align them . If I can get them all aligned properly , then I can neutralize the strong magnetic field that permeates this whole place . And that would be good , right ? Well , it would for us . You see , on most worlds , the ... If you can imagine that 's the world , the magnetic force runs through like that . On your world , it seems to sprout up all over the place , like ... like ... like corn stalks . So by trying to align these big coils , I 'm trying to make the area safe so that my friends and I can leave . So that 's what we 're doing . Right , do you want to help me with this one ? Sure . Okay . Where is the timer ? I think it 's in my father 's safe . [ Jenny screaming ] ( Jenny ) Let go . Leave me alone . Let go . ( Quinn ) Leave her alone . [ Exclaiming ] Sis . [ Both grunting ] Let me see . Oh ! We 've got a problem . We got another one up front . Franklin and his men are coming up the road . Okay , I 've got a place we can hide . Come on . Let 's go . Come on . Come on . ( Reed ) Go . Go , go . Somebody get an axe . Don 't bother . I know where they 're going . ( Caleb ) Mr. Arturo 's still in the weather station ! Let 's go see how he 's doing . Wait here . Everything 's gonna be oaky . " Thank you " doesn 't seem like enough . Miss Wells , you look like a drowned cat . With only eight lives left . That thing ready to do its magic ? I have all my digits crossed , Mr. Brown . I suggest you do the same . How 's the timer ? All the king 's horses . If we could find something to double as a battery contact , we might just have a chance . ( Arturo ) We might be able to salvage something over here . Yeah , this might do it . It 's gonna have to work . Let 's ... There . And ... [ chuckles ] All right , everybody upstairs . We slide in eight minutes . Hey , Professor ? Is this supposed to be happening ? ( Arturo ) All part of the design , Mr. Brown . You see , the way these coils are locked into position , they will keep those twisters outside this perimeter . Well , tell that to the people who have to live in this godforsaken place . All is not forsaken yet , Rembrandt . We slide in five minutes . [ Coil creaking ] Hey , somebody 's moving this coil . If the coils get too far out of alignment , the perimeter will collapse and we will not be able to slide . Stay here . If I 'm not back in time , slide without me . Blast these things . I can barely turn it . For God 's sake , stop it ! Don 't do it ! [ Exclaims ] [ Jacob grunts ] Don 't think that I won 't kill you . Help him . Help him ! How many people have to die because of you ? What are you talking about ? Tell him . Tell him about the hell that you created , we 're all living in . Franklin . You brought the twisters ? It was a mistake . I never meant for any of it to happen . All this time , we ... we followed you , we ... we trusted you . I did the best I could . I tried to hold us together . ( Quinn ) Stop lying to yourself . You 've held all these people hostage . You 're a jailer . Not a leader . You knew if they ever found out the truth , you 'd be finished . So you just kept lying and lying , until the lies became myth . Jacob , please ... Maybe it 's too late for you , I don 't know . But you can still help them . Finish your work , find the answers to stop these twisters . ( Franklin ) I can 't . Then spend the rest of your life trying . If you want redemption , then start with these people . They don 't belong here . It 's not their world . You 'll need to help me . I can 't do it alone . Go . Take care of yourself . This town is gonna need all the help it can get . ( Rembrandt ) Those things are almost over the top of us . How much time ? 20 seconds . Look . The coils are moving back . I don 't know how much damage has been done to the perimeter . They 're giving way . The perimeter 's going to collapse . This is it ! ( Quinn ) Go ! Go ! Go !
