 [ People chattering ] [ Professor exclaiming ] [ Quinn laughing ] I 'm sure it must be very comic for you to see me humiliated . We 're not laughin ' at you , Professor , we 're laughin ' with you . I 'm familiar with the distinction between sharing a joke and being the butt of it . Well , looks like somebody carried their bad mood from the last world into this one . A damn sight more than a bad mood , I can assure you . [ Laughing ] We ain 't laughin about whose face was planted into the garbage , Professor . Is it our fault it 's always him ? [ Both laughing ] [ People chattering ] [ Phone ringing ] This is the first world we 've landed on with a dress code . You notice how everybody 's checkin ' us out ? A man stinking of garbage would attract attention on any world . I 've got to buy some new clothes . ( Wade ) You want some company ? No . [ Chattering ] Drink it . Don 't carry it , you idiot ! Coffee is to be drunk , not carried ! We have a probable fracture at the east end of the park . Is there a problem , sir ? No problem at all , madam . I just ... I just normally go around with coffee floating all over me . ( woman ) Why are you out of uniform ? Uniform ? I haven 't worn a uniform for 30 years . Get off me . What the devil is this ? Hey , get off ! [ Exclaims ] We 're your friends , sir . ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( Rembrandt ) Hey , Diggs , doesn 't anybody have any fun around here ? I 've seen libraries livelier than this . There 's no profit in fun . Time spent frivolously is time wasted . I have no modem connections available . You might try next door . Oh , this tea is horrible . Look , this is a bar . Why can 't we get a beer ? No alcohol here . Dulls the senses . Ephedrine tea . A nice triple espresso . Better wired than tired . Listen , the , uh , the fella that we came in with , the big guy with the beard , have you seen him ? Dressed tramp , like you ? Tramp ? Don 't be insulting . At least we don 't look like accountants , like everyone else around here . [ People chattering ] They got him . ( Diggs ) On the street . I saw it all go down . Who the hell is " they " ? Walking around dressed like that , you 're going to find out . ( Diggs ) Try the E-Val Center . That 's where they take the fractures . ( Wonk ) Prof. Maximillian Arturo doesn 't appear in any national data bases . Nor do his fingerprints , biothermal scans , or dental records . The man literally doesn 't exist . At least in this dimension . Maybe he 's a big shot on some parallel world , like he claims . I think we can assume he 's a big shot here . His identity has been electronically cloaked and that only happens by executive order . He was probably working on some top-secret project and hit brain fry . Get me a video link with Dr. Bolivar . I feel like one of the Blues Brothers . Don 't get me started on how they ripped off Sam and Dave . If they think the Professor 's flipped out , getting him out of here may take more than a request . ( Quinn ) Once we find him , we take him . We don 't even have a plan , Q-Ball . We have a plan . We just don 't know what it is yet . Hi . We 're looking for a friend of ours . Prof. Maximillian Arturo . I 'll handle this . Um , I 'm Dr. Punch . I did the E-Val on Prof. Arturo . It certainly didn 't take you a long time to find him . We 'd like to see him . He 's on his way to Park 91-9 . His fracture is severe , but Dr. Bolivar 's had great success with his new treatments . Well , I 'm sure he has , but no such treatment has been authorized . Where is this place ? I 'd like to see your identification , please . I have a better idea . You show me yours , so that I won 't forget . This whole thing may fall hard . I want to be sure that it falls on you . Fracture is nothing to be ashamed of , Prof. Arturo . Quite the contrary . A fracture is a badge of honor , a symbol of your dedication to peak performance . [ Groans ] There 's nothing wrong with me . Please listen . Well , believing you live in parallel worlds indicates that you 've exceeded your stress threshold . Parallel worlds exist . I can prove ... Yes , of course . Now , just relax . [ Electronic humming ] ( Dr. Bolivar ) I want you to listen to this tone , Professor . Isn 't it soothing ? That 's right . [ Humming stops ] You are now in a light hypnotic state . When you awaken , you will remember only this . You will look at this watch every hour , on the hour . Its impulses will reinforce the scans . ( Professor ) Scans ? I 'm not familiar with ... Your brain needs rest , Professor , so that you can work . ( Dr. Bolivar ) Even now , it is questioning , probing , searching for answers . But when we 're through , Prof. Arturo will no longer exist . Now , let 's talk about your alter ego , the famous detective , Reginald Doyle . ( park guide ) Good evening . Welcome to the Park . Please move to the tram stop . Let 's line up with the civvies . Less questions that way . Oh ! Excuse me . Can 't believe I 'm here . I submit an application every year , and I finally got picked . Have you worked before ? Uh , it 's the , uh , first time for all of us . [ Chuckling ] Pretty exciting ' . What kind of job did you apply for ? Oh , no , am I in the wrong line ? I 'm going to be a theme character , aren 't you ? Uh , yeah , exactly . I mean , what else is there ? Well , for actors , there 's nothing else , ever since they prohibited acting 'cause it 's too frivolous . But I haven 't had much experience . I 'll probably get a small part . But I 'll be inside . I 'll be a Park player . There are no small parts , only small actors , right ? Right . ( park guide ) Good evening , and welcome to the Park . Hi . I 'm Wade . Please move to the tram stop . Cabbie , take me to my rooms : 441 Whitehall . We 're burning time here , Q-Ball . We should be out there looking for him . ( Anne ) Dr. Dunhill . People please welcome Dr. Dunhill , Park Supervisor . [ Actors applauding ] Thank you . Good afternoon , and welcome . Outside of this room , I am Inspector Reed , Scotland Yard . You must remain in character at all times while in restoration areas . Breaking character will result in immediate discharge . The illusion of a different time , a different world , must be maintained in order for our therapy to be effective . These patients must be restored and returned to work . Their country depends on them . [ Actors chattering ] I think we can handle the different world thing . [ Clock chiming ] " A pretty flower plucked so young " but my gardening has just begun " Another bloom for my bouquet tonight My passion watered with blood so bright " Cheers . Jolly Jack . " Ah ! Mrs. Taylor . Um . No Shakespeare , our Jolly Jack . What news of Marple ? Still delayed in Liverpool , I imagine . Damn . I need him here . Telegraph him again . Tell him to come immediately . Most certainly , sir . ( Quinn ) You must be chilled to the bone . We should get you inside . I 'm fine . As long as there 's a chance we 'll spot him , let 's stay out here . I can 't see across the street in this fog . We 'll have to wait until the morning . [ Woman screaming ] ( woman ) Help ! Police ! [ Dog barking ] [ Woman exclaiming ] What happened ? Another Ripper murder . It 's the Professor . [ Whispers ] Professor . [ Flash bulb exploding ] Professor . [ Horse whinnying ] Remmy , stop him . He 's got the timer . Well , Mr. Doyle . Come to help the bumbling Inspector Reed again , I suppose . Apparently somebody must . You there , stop moving around . You 're trampling on evidence . The least you could do is secure the scene of the crime , Inspector . ( Reed ) Keep those people back . Don 't you recognize me ? Don 't be daft , Marple . Thank heavens you 're here . Jolly Jack is on the prowl . [ Flash explodes ] Tell me you got the timer . No . I chased him all over this park . [ Sighs ] Bad news , Quinn . Me , too . Look , he 's okay , right ? The Professor thinks he 's some detective named Reginald Doyle . He 's like Sherlock Holmes on our world . He 's lost his mind . Don 't daily , Marple . We have a busy night ahead of us . Ladies and gentlemen , our D.V. For tonight Jack the Ripper 's latest victim : Jennifer . [ All applauding ] What 's a D.V. ? Designated Victim . Lucky Jennifer . It 's a featured role . But we still have a chance , Wade . We are tarts , and that is who the Ripper kills . This is all a game ? No . The Ripper 's actually killing people . Come on , you didn 't really think ... [ exclaims ] Wade was just funning with you . You almost fell for it . [ All laughing ] Oh , my God . Dr. Dunhill . He 's coming over here . Hello . You enjoying your stay at the Park ? It 's fabulous . Yeah . Great . Good . I hope that we see more of each other . Who is that he 's talking with now ? ( Erin ) Dr. Bolivar . He 's the Senior Director . He runs the whole park . The top of the fiber is slightly soiled . The base is pristine . Jolly Jack has just had new carpets in his home or office . Care to look ? Can we let that go for now , and will you talk to me ? And then there 's this shoe cast . Note it 's recently been half-soled . I want you to contact every cobbler in the area . Get them to prepare a list of recent customers with Size 11 feet . All right . Professor ... Marple , will you please stop this affectation of calling me Professor ? It is most irritating . What is the matter with you , man ? Ever since you saw that murdered girl , you 've been acting as if you 're shell-shocked . I myself am worn to the nub . [ Clock chiming ] This is a dreadful business , this . Quite dreadful . And there 's something wrong here . Something I can 't put my finger on . That 's an interesting watch . May I see it ? Certainly not . You 've seen it every day for years . [ Exhales ] That 's better . I seem to have acquired my second wind . Go put on the kettle . It 's going to be a long , long night . Now , let 's have a look at this one here . [ Crickets chirping ] Jeez ! Don 't scare me like that . Will you get a grip ? You 're takin this Ripper thing too seriously . I thought you were going back to the dorm . [ Horse neighs ] Yeah , I was . L ... I left my PERCOM back in the lounge . Will you walk with me ? Yeah . Come on . Hey , mister . [ Children chattering ] ( children ) Please . [ Continue chattering ] Give me this . Sir . I 'm very sorry . ( Trevor ) Let me go . Not until you give me back what you swiped from me last night . That gizmo 's worth a lot to you . It 's some kind of timer , isn 't it ? Not very sophisticated technology . Those microchips are strictly last year . You took it apart ? And put it back together . Marple . Marple ! Don 't waste your breath . You 'll never catch him . Those Whitehall boys know every back street . By way of consolation , have a scone . [ Professor exclaims ] Ah , Doyle . The Chief Inspector and I were just on our way to see you . What , no salutation for Marple ? Forgive me , Marple . Good morning . Morning . That arrived at the Yard by first post , Mr. Doyle . What do you make of it ? " Jack be nimble , Jack be quick but I won 't use a candlestick " My blade gleams silver in the light another flower plucked tonight " " Cheers . Jolly Jack . " Gentlemen , I would advise you strongly to redouble your patrols in the Whitehall area tonight . Jolly Jack is not one to make idle threats . [ Professor grunts ] ( Wade ) It sounds like they 've got the Professor brainwashed . What do they have to gain by immersing him in some stupid murder-mystery game ? It 's some kind of mental health therapy . It 's scary . The Professor is gone . You look into his eyes , he 's not there . He 's a stranger . We 'll get him back , buddy , no matter what it takes . Whatever they 've done to him they can undo . Listen , you really think the kid 's gonna give you back the timer ? " Sell " is more like it . He knows how bad we want it . I just hope he hasn 't fouled it up messing around with it . How much time you figure we have left ? We slide tomorrow night . If we 're lucky . [ Music playing ] [ Audience cheering ] ( Wade ) And to think I actually dreamed of being in show business . My feet are killing me . [ Wade sighs ] [ Piano playing ] Wade , listen to this . " I can 't wait till you 're in my arms tonight . " Church Street , Abbey Road , 10 : 00 . Jolly Jack . " I 'm a D.V. Tonight . A featured player . A Designated Victim . [ Both chuckle ] It 's a little creepy , but , uh , congratulations , I guess . I 'd say " break a leg , " but I guess in your case , it 's more " knock ' em stiff . " Hey , hang onto that for me , would you ? I want to put it in my scrapbook . I better get going . I don 't want to keep Jack the Ripper waiting . [ Gasping ] [ Erin screaming ] [ Man whispering ] Come back here , boy . [ Grunts ] It all happened so fast , Q-Ball . I grabbed him and then the lights went out . So you didn 't get a good look at his face ? No . This murder 's no joke , huh ? I wish it was . Wade , where have you been ? We 've been worried sick . Waiting for you guys at the employee lounge . You never showed . How is Erin 's performance going ? She 's not ... Pull yourself together , man . You 're acting as if you 've never seen a dead body before . The cuts are deep and decisive . They were made with a surgical knife . Jolly Jack has a medical background . She was so happy . We ... We were joking about her getting killed . This can 't be happening . Who delivered the rose ? I don 't know . It was there when we came off stage . How did Erin know it was for her ? It was in her station . L ... Look . Her name was on the note . No , it 's not . The killer must have seen her right before the show . I was sitting there until just before curtain . She asked me to change . She was superstitious . That was supposed to be me . We 've got to call in the police . There 's a madman loose in the Park . ( Reed ) We can 't , sir . We can 't put the patients at risk that way . The consequences might be tragic . Dr. Dunhill , a girl is dead . Our patients are some of this country 's greatest minds . To put their recoveries at risk over this civvie worker would be reckless and irresponsible . Careers are at stake here . This case appears to have taken your fancy , Marple . I can seldom recall you voluntarily giving up a decent night 's sleep . The fibers from the two crime scenes match . Indeed . But they could have been tracked there by any number of feet in common to both crime scenes . Scotland Yard . Bobbies . You suspect one of them is the killer ? It is hard to avoid that conclusion , but it is not the only one to be drawn . Consider these shoe impressions . Three sets common to both crime scenes , including our old friend , Size 11 , with a new half-sole . And this , unique to last night . A heavy-set man , I would judge , by the depth of that impression . But I do not recall seeing anyone at last night 's crime scene , that I had not seen at the crime scene the night before . Your conclusions , Marple . Quick . These strange prints belong to the real killer . Real killer ? There were two different victims killed by differing hands . Ergo , two killers . Consider the two letters sent to Scotland Yard . Identical handwriting . Now look at the note sent with the rose to the dressing room . Different handwriting . Two different killers . Wait a minute . Wait a minute . Something 's wrong here . I 'm missing something . Yes . There was no smell of blood at the first murder scene . It is quite impossible to mistake that coppery smell once you 've experienced it . Why was there no smell of blood at the first murder scene ? First murder ? Wait a minute , wait a minute , wait a minute . I recall reading about another murder . Yes . The first Ripper murder . Why don 't I recall any details about it ? In fact , I can 't seem to remember anything that happened beyond two days ago . My mind 's a blank . What is happening to me ? What is happening to me ? You 're just exhausted . Maybe the seven-percent solution is finally taking its toll . I 'll get your tea . Yes , yes . That 's all right . I 'll just take a little nap and then I 'll go over to Scotland Yard . I 've a few questions I intend to ask Inspector Reed . ( Reed ) Mr. Doyle , what brings you out so early ? I need to see copies of your scene-of-crime and field reports relating to the Ripper killings . I don 't have time for that . There 's a killer loose . That is precisely why you should make time . You seem reluctant to cooperate . Should I talk to the Chief Inspector ? All right . All right . But I 'm on my way out . I 'll have the reports dropped to your rooms . Excellent . Oh , Inspector , what is your shoe size ? Eleven . Why do you ask ? ( Professor ) Coachman , drive on . That pocket watch helps keep the Professor in his alternate reality . It 's like the override gets a recharge every hour , when he looks at his watch . You 've only got a few hours to figure it out . Yeah . Then again , you 'll have about 29 years if we miss the slide . God , I wish he was Reginald Doyle . Maybe he could catch this monster . [ Grunts ] That 's him ! [ Exclaims ] Hey ! Let him go ! [ Man grunts ] ( Rembrandt ) We 're on it ! ( Quinn ) What are you , some kind of freak ? Park Security . Let go of me . There 's a park-wide alert out on that kid . He 's to be picked up on sight . Kind of rough treatment for a juvenile pickpocket . That kid 's a fracture . Some kind of boy genius that 's gone psychotic . He 's dangerous . I ought to run you in for interfering . I talked to the kid yesterday . He 's no more psychotic than I am . No wonder he fought so hard to get away . I know what it 's like when the cops are on you and you 've done nothing . Pretty damn scary and lonely place to be . Hey , got any loose change for a starving orphan ? ( Quinn ) No . Sorry . Come on , give me some pocket money . ( Quinn ) Run along kid . Go on . Beat it . Well , hose you then . ( Quinn ) Guys , listen to this . " I know who the Ripper is . " Bring Reginald Doyle to the back of the blacksmith 's shop " right after dark . You 'll get your gizmo back if you help me . " Could be a con . You know , setting you up to get rolled . I say we go . What have we got to lose , right ? It 's worth a shot . All we gotta do is convince Reginald Doyle . Orange alert , Sector Eight . Full alert . ( Professor ) Very good of you to give a helping hand to a boy in trouble , Marple , though I very much doubt whether he can identify Jack the Ripper . By the way , I now understand why you spend so much time in Liverpool . What is the name of this delightful young lady ? Wade Wells . [ Chuckles ] This is just too weird . You 're tellin ' me ? You know , uh , a police escort is all very well , but , uh , hardly necessary , unless , of course , the boy really did see the murderer . I say , wouldn 't that be droll ? If this slip of a boy could solve the crime before the great Reginald Doyle ? [ Carriage clattering ] Now , what idiot drives at that speed in fog like this ? ( Quinn ) He 's gonna run us over ! [ Coachman yelling ] My ankle . [ Heaving ] It really hurts . Is it broken , Marple ? Sprained , I think . Can you walk ? I can shuffle . I saw the Scotland Yard crest on the coach door . Someone must have known we were looking for the boy . Someone inside the Yard . That explains why the police are after the kid . The killer 's high enough up to give the order . This is an extraordinary business . You must find the boy at once . He 's in grave danger . Yeah , but he asked for you . This business will have put him to flight . You must find him . I shall be best employed in my room seeing how this new piece of the puzzle fits on the board . By your leave , Miss Wells . Excuse me . [ Grunting ] [ Door creaks ] [ Panting ] ( Trevor ) Over here . [ Horse trotting ] [ Horse neighing ] He tried to kill you . I saw the whole thing . Who is he ? Promise first that if you don 't catch him , you 'll take me with you . I don 't follow you . Take you with us where ? Through the mouse hole this thing opens . You didn 't think I 'd figure it out , did you ? You jump into other dimensions . Look ... Trevor . Trevor , we have some serious problems . This timer was just one of them . Now , your life is in danger . Tell me who the killer is . I couldn 't see his face . It was too dark . But I saw his shoes . That 's it ? Shoes ? Not enough to catch him , huh ? Well , I guess you 're gonna have to take me with you . Those other people , they 're jumpers , too ? Sliders . Yeah . Even , uh , Mr. Doyle ? Well , that 's another one of our problems . He 's not really Reginald Doyle . No duh . They scanned him , huh ? You tell me . They override his personality with some kind of brain scan ? This stuff is Neuroscience 101 . Humor me , all right ? Okay . The brain reaches stress thresh . Fractures . Useless , right ? So the neuroscientists started manipulating the hypothalamus . They 're looking for a way to manage stress . Anyways , long story short , they figured out a way to erase the hard drive up here . Override it with a new personality , let the brain rest and recharge . Then restore the original . Good as new . You 're a fracture ? I 'm a kid . I work a 100-hour week just like everybody else . But kids get to go to the park for a month once a year and play . [ Horse neighing ] [ Gasps ] ( Rembrandt ) Q-Ball ? You get it ? Got it . All right . ( Professor ) That cold compress should bring the swelling down . [ Sighing ] [ Exhales ] That 's very odd . Must have shattered in the fall . [ Door opening ] I didn 't hear you come in , Mr. Doyle . A messenger delivered this a bit ago . Excellent . Excellent . That will be all . Good . Reed 's scene-of-the-crime reports . What is it ? Tell Marple I 'm going to Scotland Yard to confront Jolly Jack . Tell him to bring his pistol . Professor , wait . You shouldn 't go alone . [ Door closes ] [ Knocking on door ] Mr. Doyle . I suppose you 're looking for Inspector Reed . Yes , I imagine you do . As you may surmise , I have solved the Ripper murders . Well done , Doyle . Don 't keep me in suspense . Who 's our Jolly Jack ? Inspector Reed 's scene-of-crime reports helped fill in the final blanks . The handwriting , when compared with that of the Ripper 's notes , was conclusive proof . Reed ? I can 't believe it . Neither can I. ( Professor ) Despite the rather elaborate lengths that you went to , to make sure that I did . Reed did write the first two notes . But the third , the one attached to the single rose , that was in a different hand . I took the liberty of comparing it with the police files to see if I could come up with a match . The handwriting was yours , Chief Inspector . Doyle , I won 't take offense because of our longstanding relationship , but this is outrageous . There was only one murder and you committed it . The other was an elaborate charade , designed for what purpose I do not yet know . I 'm sure that when we match your shoes to the impressions I took at the scene of the real murder , they will match . You 're not feeling well , are you , Doyle ? Yes . No . ( Professor ) No . You ... you ... you tried to frame Reed . You ... you ... you tried to run me down tonight . You knew about the boy . Why am I feeling so strange ? What is happening ? [ Exclaims ] You haven 't been looking at your watch , have you ? Your override is slipping , Professor . [ Screaming ] Professor ? My name is Doyle ! And you are , the fiend . Hardly the fiend , Professor . [ Knocking on door ] ( Quinn ) Wade . Wade ! Open the door . Thank God . The Professor solved the case . He 's gone after Jack the Ripper . It 's Reed . My God . What did he say ? He said that he went to Scotland Yard , and that the Inspector was the Ripper and for you to bring your pistol . You have a pistol ? I wish you did . All right . Lock the door behind us . Wade , take this . If we 're not back in time , slide without us . These drugs will help you tell the truth , Professor . [ Clicks ] Now , who else have you told about me ? Marple has my notes . He 'll put it together . Umm , Miss Wells , she will tell Quinn as soon as he gets back to my rooms . R-R-Rembrandt [ groaning ] Will help them . Rembrandt , Quinn , and Miss Wells ? I think your real personality is struggling for dominance , Professor . Now , who are Rembrandt , Quinn , and Miss Wells ? Doyle is the killer ? Prof. Arturo ? ( Dr. Bolivar ) I know it 's shocking . He 's had a complete breakdown . He 's confessed to everything . Now he 's babbling on about a second killing he may have committed tonight . He could be delusional . He 's named two accomplices . Quinn Mallory and Rembrandt Brown . I want them taken at once . Absolutely . I 'll put security on full alert . It 's locked . Let me use my key . ( Quinn ) Professor ! Professor ? Professor . [ Groaning ] ( Professor ) Stop him . He 's after Miss Wells . The Chief Inspector . Chief Inspector ? It 's Bolivar , not Reed . You 've gotta get Wade . I 'll see if I can break this override . ( Quinn ) We 'll meet at the music hall . Who is it ? ( Dr. Bolivar ) Dr. Bolivar . There 's been a tragedy . Prof. Arturo 's badly hurt . Finally , we have our date . [ Grunting ] ( Dr. Bolivar ) You disappointed me last time . Your friend was very little sport . I had to rush . I couldn 't enjoy myself . We have lots of time , pretty Wade . [ Heaves ] [ Dr. Bolivar grunts ] [ Dr. Bolivar exclaims ] ( Dr. Bolivar ) You know there 's nowhere to run . There 's nowhere else to run . Don 't make this any harder on yourself . Listen to me . Now , your boss has flipped out . He 's the Ripper . You 've gotta believe me . Your friend , the Professor , has already confessed . Now turn around and put your hands behind your back . Do it . The Ripper 's after Miss Wells ! [ Reed grunts ] Follow me . Where are we , Mr. Mallory ? On our way out , Mr. Doyle . Doyle ? Uh , Professor . Are you losing your marbles , my boy ? [ Exclaims ] [ Wade gasping ] [ Dr. Bolivar exclaims ] [ Wade screams ] [ Dr. Bolivar exclaiming ] [ Dr. Bolivar grunting ] That 's enough . Thank God . Sedate him . No . Bolivar was trying to kill me . I captured her . Her friend Arturo 's already confessed . ( Trevor ) Then why did he have this ? I saw him kill that girl . I saw his shoes . Those shoes . ( Quinn ) His shoes will match the impressions that the Professor made at the rear of the murder scene . And his handwriting will match the note on the card that he delivered to his victim . He 's a fracture , Reed , and he tried to frame you for the murder . Will somebody please tell me what on Earth is going on ? We 'll explain it on the next world . We slide in five seconds . Now , now , just a damn minute . Nobody moves until I sort this whole thing out . [ Electronic beeping ] [ Whooshing ] You sure you want to come with us , Trevor ? I know I promised you , but I can 't promise to bring you home . It 'll mean leaving your family , all your friends behind . Nah . I 'd miss my folks too much , and I 've still got two weeks left to play . I 'd like to go . Maybe I 'll build my own jumper-slider gizmo one day . I 'll bet you can . Just make sure of your home coordinates . One day I 'm gonna come find you guys .
