 Previously on The Pretender Broots is in the middle of the custody battle The PI ( Private Investigator ) was trying to get something on his ex . Thanks to you , my daughter has started crying since last night Tomorrow I have to send her to her mother which is a place she doesn 't want to go Mr. Lyle ¡ ­ freaky around more than Ed McMahon . - Who is this guy ? - I don 't know . And that 's what scares me . - Hey , Jarod . - Hey , Kevin . Shall I get you as usual ? My mum thinks she 's going to mad of me for getting another ice-cream man . She said if anybody that would sell drug to the little kids , she would put him under to jail . She doubts funny that 's what you put on . I was happy to help . - Hey , what 's that ? - A magic 8-ball . - Magic ? - Shake it up - Ask it a question , and it tells you the future . - Really ? - Can I try ? - Go for it . Will I ever find my family ? What did it say ? " Better Not Tell You Now " I am standing in front of the federal courthouse and the aftermath would appear to be the well-executed abduction of key murder witness Emma Barrett Now eighteen mothes ago , Barrett , 37 , witnessed the cold-bloody killing of her son , Max and the innocent by-stander caught in the crossfire of the violent shootout involving ruthless Yakuza crime boss Sammy Tanaka , in what federal agents ' describing as " ... chirurgicale type strike " The van carrying Mrs Barrett to testify against Tanaka today was the third vehicle in a heavily-armed motorcade . The victim will be arriving in the third vehicle of an heavily-armed motorcade . Several witnesses here today say , the scene was unbelievable like something out of a movie Blue smokenades were ... the both sides of plaza . Coloured smokenades will be ... here and here . Why was this person kidnapped ? That 's not important . But I need you to continue the rescue plan . Because the victim is located in the transport vehicle here I would suggest at second and third scenario . Automatic weapon ... behind the building over here and a staged auto accident some where here That will leave the transport van vulnerable to assault The strike of the van today was followed by 2 other scenarios : automatic gunfire around the courthouse ... and the staged car accident all drawing the attention away from the transport van containing the state 's key witness We do have two reported wounded at this point . They are special agent Russell Gillson and the driver of the van agent Jeffrey Edwards . - A report on scene at ¡ ­ - lt 's still false , Sydney . In order for the rescue to succeed , the van driver will have to die . We 've just received the information from the ... Hospital that the van driver , agent Jeffrey Edwards , has died . Edwards was 35 years old , and a survived-by wife and two young sons . The van driver will have to die . Oh , My God ! The van driver will have to die . What 've I done ? I killed the man today , Sydney . i killed him as I pull a trigger on myself . - Jaord . - Simulation 2578 . You told me it was a rescue scenario . Then I see it 's used in the killing of federal agent and the adbuction of the innocent woman . - The Center is not in the abduction business . - Tell It To Emma Barrett . It is Lyle , isn 't it ? What are you talking about ? I am talking about lies . I am talking about how many people have died because of the way you use my simulations . You used me . Nobody 's going to die any more . If it 's a war the Center wants , it 's what you 'll get . But I promise you Emma Barrett will not be the next casualty . There are pretends among us . Genuises with the ability to become anyone they want to be . In 1963 , a corporation known as the Centre isolated a young Pretender named Jarod , and exploited his genius for their research . Then one day , the pretender ran away ... THE PRETENDER Season 2 Episode 6 Past Sim YTET PRESENTS DICTATION : ± ¿ ± ¿ / ´ Ð ´ Ð Something on your mind ? We just received a phone call from Jarod . A call to return himself , I hope . He claimed that the Center 's involved in the abduction of the key witness who saw the 10-year-old son murdered . - The killer ? - The Yakusa crime boss , Sammy Tanaka . Sounds dangerous . Jaord claims that the abduction was based on the simulation he created just before he escaped the Center . But I assured him the Center 's not involved . You may made a mistake . Do not tell me the Center is now slamming with any criminal that ... Oh , it 's not the same . Now Mr. Lyle is ¡ ­ Mr. Lyle ... Then Stop him . We 'll stop him . Daddy , you helped to build this place , you care about what it 's doing for . How can you just trun your back on that like it never existed ? It 's just different then . Maybe it 's time for younger lion to roar . Shot the life ! Shot the life ! Series ... Staged auto weapons Shot the life ! Shot the life ! Automatic ... weapon I 'm here ! I 'm here ! Colored Smokenades ... Leave the van ... vulnerable to attack We 've got Barrett ! Mr Darrell ? Jessica Klein . Call Me Jarod . The DOJ ( Department of Justice ) of Washinton called , said you 'd be coming in . I didn 't realized you will be so soon . There 's a lot of work to be done . I know most of the attorneys in the D.C. Office . How long have you been assigned there ? Actually I just started today . Stepped that right in the middle , didn 't you ? It is said Sammy Tanaka and Yukuza has been all over it . - You are presenting Emma Barrett ? - Yes . Mrs. Barrett has been to so much . The lost her son for over a year , that woman is lived in fear and isolation . and now , this . Why is the case taken so long ? You 've read the folder on Sammy Tanaka . The DOJ has tried to ... him for ten years . And the hunchers of Washington will make sure they 'll act together before this case sees inside a clue . Would you like to question the agent involved ? Very much . - What else can you tell me about the shooter ? - He was ... White hair , about 35 . - What about the others ? - I didn 't get a good look . No , the eyebrows were thicker . That 's it . Russell . How are you feeling ? I am so sorry , Miss Klein . Jarod , this is agent Russell Gillson . Jarod is another lawyer form DOJ . David Chase , agent of fbi . Agent Chase , Agent Gillson . I was wondering if I might ask you some questions about the Emma Barrett 's abduction . It all happened so fast so it 's kind of blur . You told the police there were 3 gunners . Yes , sir . They were all carrying automatic weapons . Asian make , I think . Just wish I could go on for a few more rounds ¡ ­ - You were able to return fire ? - Yes , madam . But it was too late . By then Jeff ... Agent Edwards was shot . The service teach you to touch yourself emotionly , but the truth is ... I will never forget the look on his face before he 's dying . Speaking of the devil ¡ ­ Tanaka 's killed one true man at this time . Let 's go . Well , thank you for your time . Take care of your shoulder . Yes , sir . No , certainly the deal is progressing ... . Yes , things continue this plan , the Center can expect a significant deposit in forty-eight hours . Yes , I understand the delicate nature of this particular operation . And I personally assure you successful , the deal . Those vertical pieces of glass behind you are called doors . Polite people knock before they open them . Why is the Center doing business with drug dealers and murderers ? You have to be more specific . Sammy Tanaka . Why weren 't we informed about the abduction of Emma Barrett ? I don 't know that woman . You are a liar . Is he taking ... . ( doped ) ? We know about your corruption of simulation 2578 . You two have been busy . I decided to extend the Center 's cope of operation . The only I can discuss , security reasons . Jarod will take the use of his simulation as a personal attack . It sounds like a threat . To involve Jarod as an accessory to murder and kidnapping , that is asking for retribution ... what you can 't even imagine . I 'll take a note of that advice , but you don 't have to knock when you leave . Well , that was pretty terrible . Don 't complain it . You got what you want , you got the kid . You gave me no choice , you know it . I just want to know how you knew that I take your precious child support money went to Vegas . I didn 't . Well , somebody knew and they told the judge . That 's how come you won . I don 't think anybody won here . You knew this would happen if you don 't change your life style . I don 't care about this . I am sad about Atlantic city . Atlantic city ? Do you have any idea how much the bus fee to New Jersey cost ? There , don 't gamble it all the way like you 've done anything else in your life . I don 't do that any more . What ? What ? Here , in case you get hungry . Gotta go . Be a good kid . Come on . Everything will be alright . Come on . The loss of a child . I couldn 't even imagine . I doubt Tanaka is ... sleep ... the boy . He is as ruthless and cold-blooded as ... I ever met . According to Tanaka 's file , he is being linked to over a dozen murders . and he 's never been convicted . Men like Sammy Tanaka insulated themselves from the act . They push buttons and people die . Until Max Barrett and his mother stepped out from that pet shop . What happened ? Tanaka was irritated . He got across the drug deal by one of the Vietnam 's heroin dealer . A big mistake . It doesn 't sound very smart . Sammy Tanaka may wear 5000 dollar suits and drives rolls-Royce . But underneath it , he is still a ( little scoundrel of ) Tokyo . He called the guy in the sidewalk and opened fire . An innocent boy 's killed by Tanaka 's bullet coming out of the wrong pet store the worng time . Emma Barrett is only person to actually see Tanaka pull the trigger . Do you still think she is dead ? She doesn 't but the FBI does . Bureau 's decided to put all but the minimum number of agents off the Barrett 's case . Why ? Waste of time and manpower . The woman was probably dead before she was ever taken out of that van . Then where is her body ? Why take her at all with killing her as the objective ? It 's been twenty-four hours . We haven 't heard a word . I am sorry . And once the victim has been isolated by the friendly forces , what then ? Well , that would depend on part of the remaining strength of kidnappers . The best scenario would be to relocate the victim within one block radius near the initial assault . And how long should the victim be held and checked ? 24 hours . Excuse me . Late for something ? I hope not . The rescued victim should be held in a low , profile structure . One with clear front , rear and side access . A low-income hotel would be adaptable . Bring up the Barrett woman . We 've followed in . What are you doing ? Where are you taking me ? Ah , no ! Wait ! Wait ! Let him down ! Go ! - This is Sydney . - Emma Barrett is still alive . I saw Center team transported her out the hotel less than a block from the original abduction . You are positive ? They shelved her in a van and took off . They nearly killed me . There 's nothing I can do . ... I heard about this , Jarod . Then help me . I need to know where the Center has taken her . But Mr. Lyle has been very tight lipped . What do you think ... with her ? The Center will hold her until they get the money . After that her life is no value . Please , Sydney . There is enough blood on our hands already . Excuse me for not getting up . I want them off my back . Them ? Miss Parker and Sydney . They are asking questions . Questions fed by information that can only be supplied by one man . Jarod . He was ... by a sweaper team last night . What do respect , maybe you should re-exam the entire Tanaka scenario . I assume the Triumvirate of this monitoring ... closely . Don 't tell me about the Triumvirate . I am in control of the situation . Barrett 's been moved to a Center safehouse . And I have a meeting with Tanaka 's son in two hours to finalize this deal . I don 't want any more affairs . You have my complete and total loyalty . Have this placed on Miss Parker 's desk . The information is on it 's way . I hope she won 't be a problem , you know our way . You have my complete and total loyalty . Thirteen months you sift and dig , preparing the case on the ground when the moment you found it comes up , blows up in your face . What happened ? The judge refused to postpone the trial . We still haven 't located Barrett yet . And I quote : if it 's not the burden of the court to assure that you have a witness , this is the state 's . How long ? Trial is on tomorrow morning at ten o 'clock . Without Emma Barrett 's testimony , a child 's killer is going to get free . I am sorry , Jarod , I am out of cards to play . So , how do you like your new home ? Pretty cool , ah ? Yeah . What 's the smells then ? Smells ? That burnt toast . That 's , that 's because I burnt dinner ... It 's , I think it 's the stove , that all stove , it 's kind of ... And you know I put a swing thing at the back yard. and you still like a swing , don 't you ? - I guess . - Ah , honey ¡ ­ Ah , Listen . Be careful . She is a beautiful little girl . You must scare me heart-attack . I did not want to be seen . It appears your custody hearing won is your hope . Oh , Yeah , it 's a ... Oh , Listen ¡ ­ - Thanks for giving me the information that my ex-wife 's gone to Las Vegas . - What ? You didn 't tell the judge ? But ... Um , What 're you doing here ? I need your help to break into Lyle 's personal file . Mr. Lyle ? You are not ... it 's crazy ! A life for this ... Mine ¡ ­ Sydney , I just ... I just brought my daughter home . Can you imagine what they 'd do to her if they caught me ? I 'm sorry , but ... I cannot . Congratulations on your daughter . Thanks . Look , I 'm ... I am sorry . Thanks . - Ah ... - Hello , Mr. Broots . Oh , my God ! Sydney . - Is there something wrong ? - Um . I forgot the number . We have to talk . I would like to discuss details of the exchange . I 'm sorry . The translator was supposed to be here 15 minites ago . I am not accustomed to waiting , Mr. Lyle . You want to know how an organization so powerful that can be run so inefficiently . Hi , Tommy . You are such a brilliant now . You two know each other ? Tommy and me spent a ... long , hot college summer together in Tokyo . You did not change at all , Parker . Say to this chariot that I want to regulate the exchange of this evening . He wants to finish the details of tonight 's exchange . Once the ten million dollars transfered into the account of the Center , I want to recover the parcel . He says the ten million will be transfered online from his account into the Center 's , then he 'll take with it the package . I 'm guessing Emma Barrett ? Tell him I 'll personally oversee the transfer . Our illustrious pin-head will be present in person . My father has a saying : " Never to trust a man " who 's nose is as brown as Mt . Fuji in the summer . " What ? He insists I 'll be present at the exchange . Fine . Fine , tell him that 's fine . I believe that his virility was insulted . Tommy , What happened to you ? My father is a very exacting man when he does not have what he wants . What happened to his hand ? The Yakusa was punished by taking a little finger of " offending " party . What did the guy have to do to lose the thumb ? Good question . See you tonight . Do you realise it 's dangerous for me ? And my daughter ? I think I understand dangerous , Mr. Broots . I feel like I should ask you for your autograph or something . I mean , don 't you think it 's strange that here we are , face to face ? Strange ? Strange like everything else associated with the Center . I ... I still don 't understand how you could be responsible for what happened to , this , Emma Barrett , person ? They used one of my simulations to kidnap her and they are trying to sell her to the man that murdered her son . The Center is doing business with child killers ? i think they are keeping Mrs. Barrett in the Center safehouse . I need to access Mr. Lyle 's security records to find out where the house is . I already told Sydney it 's impossible . Sydney ? He asked for help with this ? Yeah . But you see ... The thing is Lyle doesn 't use computers . He doesn 't believe in them . That 's what scares me the most about this guy . And anything this important , somebody has to physically get into his office . Oh , no , oh ... no no You ... you don 't expect me to do that . We all need help , Mr. Broots . Help is the thing that the most important to us . You sent the information about my ex-wife 's gone to Las Vegus . You 'll be a good father . A child cannot ask for more than that . Jaord , I ... it 's ... I ... It 's too dangerous ¡ ­ I ... This is Max . He was at same age as Debbie when he was shot down in the street , in cold-blood . Help me . Jaord ... It 's cool air ... to my skin . Why did you leave this information on my desk about Mr. Lyle 's meeting with Tommy Tanaka ? You seem upset . What do you want ? The same as you . Normality return a better times . A ten-digit access code . Mr. Lyle will have one exactly the same , except for the final digit . During the transfer of funds , you need to enter your code number without being detected . You are going to steal Lyle 's money ? No , Miss Parker . You are . Hello . The eagle has landed ... Everything is ready , Mr. Lyle . Mr. Tanaka enter his access code , once begin to move and then you 'll enter yours to receive it . Let us just do this . Not this illustrious pin-head . - I understand you . I also doubt his competences . - Yes . Parker , I prefer that you slaps the code . What 's going on ? - Mr. Tanaka would feel more comfortable if somebody elses would enter the access code . - Who ? Do it . Transfer underway . Now , I want my good . Mr. Tanaka would like to take possession of his property now . Bring the woman down . Wait. wait . The money is moving in and then out of the account . What are you trying to fool ? - What the hell is going on ? Who did this ? - Jarod . Damn it . Jarod 's getting away ! Stop ! " Do not count on it " Ten million dollars , add that to the funds lost in Omaha , Jarod has walked away with nearly 30 million dollars in the Center assets . Not mentioned the 40 million he took during the wall Street transfer . - Which he returned . - Minus interest . That 's not the point . Jarod 's involvement in this situation has placed me in an extremely vulnerable position . I warned you about the danger but involved I mean anything like this . There is no way he can have known the location of the safehouse without the help of the inside . That an accusation ? It 's obviously the man like Jarod will settle for nothing last than complete justice . I want every sweeper we have available on this case . Find Barrett . - And if they cannot ? - Set the security seal around the federal courthouse . Sammy Tanaka 's trial resumes in the morning at ten o 'clock . Jarod will try to deliver Barrett then . I 've promised the Tanaka family he would not succeed . This place isn 't much , Mrs. Barrett but I can protect you here . You should eat something . You don 't trust me . I understand . But if I wanted to hurt you , I would not have ... to get you out of that house . Then let me go . It 's not safe . I know the man who took you . They 'll stop nothing to get you back . - Sammy Tanaka . - The man didn 't work for Tanaka . He 's going to sell you to him . How do I know you won 't sell me ? You do not . But he does . All I remember is blue smokes filling the van and the sound of gunfire . Did you see agent Edwards before he was killed ? Yes , he was a good man . I believe he had children . Two sons . Do you have a family , Mr. Darrell ? I was separated from my parents when I was very little . I 've been searching for them . I hope you 'll find them . How many shots was agent Gillson able to get off before he was wounded ? Shots ? Yes , he said he was able to return fire before it was overpowered . Oh , no , You must have misunderstood him . Agent Gillson never inpose his weapon . I just wish I could go on for a few more rounds ¡ ­ - You were able to return fire ? - Yes , madam ¡ ­ Right . I am done , Jarod . What do you mean ? For over a year , I 've been living in motel rooms . Not even allowed to visit Max 's grave . My son is gone . Nothing is going to change that . And now , a man is dead because he 's trying to protect me . A man with a wife and two children . I don 't want any more blood on my hands . And what about your son ? Unless you stand up , Unless you walk into that court room and point your finger at Sammy Tanaka , then none of these matter . Is that what you want ? You knew Jarod 's going to be at the transfer tonight ? I was wondering the same about you . Save it . You 've play me like a piano . And I 'm sick of the tone . This is about Barrett and Lyle , isn 't it ? The Triumvirate has ... . of Mr. Lyle 's leadership . Like dealing with Sammy Tanaka , he has left the Center exposed . You didn 't dream this up all by yourself . Who else is involved ? I am . Let him go . Please . I apologized for the secrecies , but it was important that you believe exactly what you believed . And all the steps by the younger lion that was all part of it ? - For your own protection . - The money ? Furthered it into a secondary Center account . Proper time through the proper channel , this information will be needed implicating Mr. Lyle in the fact and the disappearance of Emma Barrett . Why didn 't you just tell me the truth ? Now considering everything that happened , and did you trust me . So if Sammy Tanaka and his psycho thinks that Mr. Lyle stole their money and their witness ¡ ­ It will be a very good time to be Mr. Lyle , will it ? My name is Russell Gillson . I am currently a special agent working for the Department of Justice . I was assigned this personal protection for one Emma Barrett . Armed men made access to the armed-van containing myself , Barrett , and agent Jeffrey Edwards . I drew my weapon and fired several rounds in defence . Fired several rounds in defence . Fired Fired Fired You are dead , agent Gillson . Mrs Barrett ? Wake up . We have to be in court in a couple of hours . Mrs. Barrett ? Emma , are you awake ? How did you know I 'd come here ? Because this is where I would come if it was my child . Max was such a funny little kid , but timid , afraid . There was a big dog lived in the apartment next door . Everyday when Max come home from school , this dog will start barking . Deep , dangerous barking . And Max , he will just stop at the end of the hallway , wait for me to come and get him . He was so afraid . That 's why I decided to buy him one of his own . It was my fault we were coming out of the pet store . You had no way . No one knew what was going to happen that day . Max loved you and you loved him . That 's all you have to remember . The court begins in less than two hours . Do you really think Tanaka and those other people are going to just let me walk into that court ? It 's a matter of fact . I do . Kevin ? Hello , it is Jarod . Yes , the ice-cream man . I was wondering if you might do me a favor ? " Outlook Good " I expected more securities . Well , the fbi must think Barrett 's already dead . He has got less than ten minutes to get her on that witness stand . Maybe we should lock the other way this time , Miss Parker ? We are talking about the killing of a child . We are talking about Jarod . This is Parker . Give me your status checked ? North access secured . South access secured . I want everyone on their toes . Jarod should be here in any ¡ ­ What are you two doing here ? We heard the gunfire , we came over ¡ ­ This way ! This way ! Miss Parker . Son of a ... - " Don 't Count On It " - He 's already inside ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Wait . Wait ... In the case the people voices Sammy Tanaka , does the state wish call a witness ? Your Hornor , the state wishes your request delay . Grounds ? I believe the court is very aware that the state key witness is unavailable for testimony at this time . And I believe Mr. Klein , you have been not this dead in the street . My ruling stands as posted . Now , do you or do you not have a witness to call ? Your Honor , we do not . If I plead this in the court , I would like to present Emma Barrett as witness for the prosecution . Nice to see you , Mrs Barrett . It 's nice to be here , Your Honor . We 'll take a five-minute resets since we are in the witness . I would like to thank you , agent Gillson for all your help in bringing Mr. Tanaka to justice . I couldn 't have done it without you . I 'm DOJ , and those people are wanted . Arrest them . There he is . Go ! Take him . You 've got to be kidding ? Let go of me . Jarod . Jarod . Did they captured Jarod ? - No . - Damn it ! At least we eliminated one problem . I made it clear with Sammy Tanaka people that Mr. Lyle was not to be trusted . It 's a win-win situation . We take down Lyle and take up ten million dollars . Impossible . - What is it ? - The account is empty . The money 's gone . Ten million dollars . It 's going to help a lot of people . I just want you to know I couldn 't have done that without your help . If you haven 't transferred the funds through the Center 's secondary account , none of these would happen . Thank you . Oh , and ... Enjoy the gift . Will you ever come home , Jarod ? " Better Not Tell You Now " Yes , you are ... Perfectly . I assure you that the stolen money is being tracked down as we speak . I understand . I promise ... I promise you we 'll have no more trouble with Sammy Tanaka or his people . Yes , sir . " Past Sim " End Dictation : ± ¿ ± ¿ / ´ Ð ´ Ð YTET PRESENTS
