 In the year of King Tai , Ming Dynasty The eunuches held the real power of the development They built up different departments to reinforce their power The whole country was under their control East Chamber was the most powerful and arrogant intelligent bureau In order to get rid of those opposing power They recruited many heartless and cruel soldiers with high pay To form a cold-blooded Black Arrow Troop They were under severe training secretly There was an arsenal under the East Chamber It is responsible to design new killing weapons They used the prisoners for test Let me go ! You shameless bastards ! God will punish you Come out I 'm a government officer you can 't kill me And you Let 's go Plum Blossom Sun Shooting Arrow Dogs Teeth Arrow Phoenix Tail Arrow The head Eunuch Tsao Siu Yan After appointing himself the head on the East Chamber He controlled the Emperor and the whole government He tried every means to get rid of those who went against him What he wanted was a kingdom of himself He set up a court collected Information from many different sources Those who were against Tsao Would be arrested and executed with terrible punishment Everybody was afraid of the East Chamber The whole country was covered with frights and anxiety You Excellency , he is the Military Secretary Yang Yu-hin What secret do we know about him ? On the 4th of April he and the secreataries of 3 other department ... Wanted to submit an impeachment against the East Chamber He pleaded the Emperor to close the East Chamber Your Excellency please give your judgement Your Excellency , here is his impeachment Secretary Yang Damn You 've misunderstood us We 're faithful to the Emperor Your frame to us would scare our Majesty Aren 't you afraid of death ? It 's a royal order that eunuches aren 't allowed to involve in politics So as to avoid you freaks to mess up the country Now you slaugher the officials You 're the one who should be dead How dare you ? Execution Yes Yang , I don 't think you know the situation well Give me the military power Then I 'll let you live It 's so ridiculous that the government of Ming dynasty is controlled by you dogs No one can take over military power without imperial permission Stop dreaming Officer Give Officer Yang a permission as he wanted Tsao , because of you bastard Ming Dynasty is hopeless He committed suicide Although Yang was dead I 'm afraid his fellows Would go to his right hand Chow Wai-on Protect Yang 's children to the frontier I 'm sure Chow 'd try hard to save them Yes , sir This is the Royal Order The traitor Ex-Military Secretary Yang Yu-hin Is to be executed at noon Tsao Siu Yan killed the whole family of Yang but the son and daughter of Yang were interitionally left In the Autumn of the same year they were exited Tsao orderd the Black Arrow Troop to tail them secretly What he wanted was to kill Yang 's right hand , Chow Wai-on So as to terminate the remained power of Yang Kiddo , are you fine ? What the hell it is ? Not even a tree It 's so hot My holy God , I , Yau Mo-yin swear in front of this sword I must save Yang 's children All is ready , let 's go Go ! To get out of the boundary we 'd pass Tsi , Turk , Hai-ku 3 places You divide into 3 teams I will give order in the central They can never escape from us ! Your Excellency , the troops are all ready What shall we do now ? From here to the boundary , we 'd pass Tsi Turk , Hai-ku 3 places There are steep atopes and cliffs ! I think , Tsao must hide his troop here to trap us There is a dried river bed at the West Let 's take risk , to give him a raid OK , let 's go this way President nothing happened in these 3 days Chow has been the right hand of Yang He could be the coach of 800,000 imperial soldiers Because of Yang 's recommendation Thus , thinking of such relationship Chow would come to save the kids I am thirsty Drink it Uncle , can you give us something to drink ? Get lost , get lost Come over ... open your hands Thank you No hurry , drink it slowly Sister , drink it ! No , you drink it The president really knows everything Set them free , now No , we can 't defy government 's order If not , let 's kill him We come to save But not to kill If you want to kill let 's kill the dogs of the East Chamber Set them free and leave with us Otherwise , those bastards won 't let you go Stop puzzling You 've no choice , hurry up Sister Kiddo Enemies Protect the kids They are small potatos only our large hasn 't shown up yet Kiddo Your Excellency , Chow finally comes The twins Sword Sister , I 'm so scared The Black Flag Arrow Troop ? Sister , I 'm so scared Sister , where are you ? Just follow me The arrows are like storm Save the kids and leave at once Shit ! The soldiers are coming towards us Stay where you are Your Excellency , it wasn 't Chow who came They seem to be rascals Brother , we are safe ! Chow Wai-on is such a wise man The people come for the children are trobbers only Let them go first I want to make a deed set at them all ! This is the Dragon Gate I 've made a date in the Dragon Inn with Chow We 'll leave the frontier together We 're carrying the kids and the soldiers are after us I think We 'd go to the Dragon Gate along the river bed Just do what you said Yang Kwan is a main road Shang , take 500 soldiers to guard this gate Yes There are many lanes to Yu Mun Kwan Send the best soldiers to block all exits Although the Dragon Gate is heavily armed I think Chow 'd take this risk And leave from the Dragon Gate with the rascals Go there by taking the path I 'll follow with the Black Flag Troop It 's wise of you , Your Excellency Let 's go Yes , sir Spicy Meat Bun Three-taels why don 't you send me the wine ? It 's coming ... Damn weather , the wind made me so dirty Good morning , sir What ? You don 't want to serve me ? No , if it 's not you guarding the border We can 't even do business here Fetch me some wine OK , I 'll go right now Sir , here comes the wine See , your nickname suits you well Exactly 3 taels of wine per cup Not a drop less My grandpa gave me this name Spicy Meat Bun Come here Where is your boss ? She is dealing some business upstairs You want to leave the border through my secret tunnel ... Or want to sleep with me ? Tiger , you can only choose one of them Choose carefully I 've made it Men are all sex-oriented You want it whenever you want it and leave whenever you finish it Cut the crap Just relax Come on I want the answer , tunnel or me ? I want both It 's too greedy of you I 've checked it . I 'm not interested at all The Willow Dart ? I 'll get 100 taels by sending you out of the frontier But I 'll get 400 taels by sending you to hell I really don 't know what to choose Here is fresh meat for the buns The boss 's coming We 're waiting for you to extinguish our fire Eating mutton 'll make you have more fire It 'll make you hot . Bastard Maybe you can help us with this ? Damn you I don 't eat mutton I want to eat you Go to hell Why not eat me ? I 'm bigger in size Damn you Who is he ? You 're always interested in men How about me ? I always treat you as well as I can Good looking He is Chow , a wanted criminal he was a coach of the imperial Army He doesn 't look like a coach Yes , he doesn 't He 's in big trouble with the East Chamber They want his head East Chamber ? Yes It 's nothing Mind your tongue Tiger 's head worths 500 taels ? Meaner , ask the chef , Duo to keep the head of the lamb You just care about lamp but not me How dare you do this in front of your fellows ? You 'll give them a bad example Why is there blood on your dress ? No . There is no blood Look Really ? You 're having period ? Haven 't you seen it before ? Ask your mother then She passed away long long time ago Go ask your sister then Come over here i 'll teach you a good lesson Come over here ... Come if you have guts Damn you Welcome . How many rooms do you want ? We want 3 of your best Okay , take a rest first Your period doesn 't seem to be regular Tell me earlier next time Time to go back , we 're just here May I help you , sir ? Thanks , i 'll do it myself This way please , this is clean With less wind and sand What do you want to eat ? Give us some bread Why not some wine ? OK , give us 3 catties I 'll get it now Listen This is my place , everything is mine If you violate the rules You can never trade your pilfered goods here again Damn you I 'll do it The Dragon Mountain is famous for its rain Why ? How can it rain in such a sunny day ? I think you 're a stranger here Where are you from ? We came from the south To the north How long will you stay ? We 'll leave tomorrow Spicy meat buns ... Beautiful How sweet of you We don 't know where they are from Watch out for them One is soldier , one is wounded The one in black should be their leader She 's a woman A woman ? I can tell she is female because ... She didn 't show interest in me There is something wrong with the meat Don 't eat What is it ? There is something wrong anyway Not showing respect Go Let 's go Do you have any medicine ? No It 's getting dark . Light up the candles Mistress , what meat is it ? Spicy Meat What is spicy meat ? Haven 't you heard of it ? The name of spicy meat appeared in a novel Mrs Suen sold it Mrs Suen opened an inn which robbed But mine is Dragon Inn But you don 't look like a jinx Really ? My name is Jade King What a pity that it 's hard for a stone to turn to jade In this world There 're many things unworthy of the name and many people got empty brains You 're pretty You too But I 'm sure I know you better So you should let me know you better I don 't think it 's a big deal actually Why not ask some men here that 'd be fun What ! You think I 'm afraid of men ? I 've messed with more men than you 've seen Just look at you , you 're still a virgin Aren 't you ? Where is the hen hurrying to ? Let 's see how you light up a candle on the roof Who are you ? Why are you laughing ? May I know where the Dragon Inn is ? Here it is Are you the boss ? Just call me Jade King Jade ! What a good name Beautiful name How about me ? Any room ? Handsome guy Are you a businessman ? I want a room How long will you stay ? Do I look like I 've no money ? I 'm just afraid that you 'll leave without saying goodbye You know , Dragon Mountain is famous for its rain Even the most vigorous animal scares of it So we 're the same people we should keep in touch Glad to make friends with you I may need your help some day It depends on how smart you are Miss Yau He is here This is my inn , please make yourself at home Wearing foreign dress for foreign customers tonight ? I 've told you to wash that flag See , I got mud all over me This must be a woman How do you know ? As you said only women won 't be interested in you But he is different His eyes didn 't show interest on me but his heart did I don 't think his heart is interested in you I can listen to your flute again Go to work Don 't just play that song Uncle Chow Poor kids , you suffered a lot He is Ho Fu Thank you for your help I really appreciate for all your kindness Don 't mention it This is called Dog 's teeth Arrow It 's produced by the East Chamber I 'd seen when I worked for the government So you 'd better pay much attention to it in future When can we get out of here ? As soon as possible Chun , take the money Hide up and meet your family later Sir , I can 't take this This inn is so complicated Pack up and leave here as soon as possible Mistress I know you will come You 're really clever I don 't need you to flatter me I just want to know about the weather here Come inside This room is nice and quiet No room is nice in a deserted place like this What tea do you want to have ? Tuckanhoe or something else ? What kind of flower this is ? It 's beautiful You think it 's white lotus ? It 's turnip flower White lotus can only be found on Snow Mountain Try the tea When will you leave ? Tonight I 'm afraid you can 't Why ? Don 't you know the weather of the desert ? Please advise me This 's raining season the weather is unpredictable It 'll rain cats and dogs even the sun is on This 's the only hotel here You can 't reach the gate even you can leave here I think you know whether it 's sunny or rainy day It depends on who that asks The rain 'll keep you here just stay for a few more days Though the weather is unpredictable we can 't stay forever Seems we 're connected in some ways Please help us You 're leaving ? I 've two children with me They 're hostages ? Mistress , please lead us the way It depends on which way you want to take The general of the border is my friend I think I can help you with my reputation But if you want to leave secretly ... Let me think ... I 'm okay . Weapons are ruthless We 're friends now . And I 'll repay you Come again tonight I have to leave tonight You can 't . I 'll wait Block the gate Damn you . Fool The latch is useless , move the table Open the door ... Who is it ? We just closed the door Don 't open it , let him die in the rain Open up , quick Stop knocking , bastard If you knock again , i 'II ... What 's the matter ? Are you deaf ? Why didn 't you open the door ? We 're in trouble 3 branch heads from the East Chamber have come Damn you My books are all wet ! Are you blind ? Just close the door ! Go and shut the door Boss He is calling you Can 't you see I 'm busy ? Any good room ? No , all full Please ask them to move out I just do whatever I like Not tall enough I don 't do things I don 't like Take it back You bitch What did you say ? Money isn 't my concern Most important of all I want a comfortable accommodation I 'm doing business too I don 't care about the money You 've messed up my place So what to do then ? Count the loss And I 'll pay you by triple ? Good room ? There is one , come on It is raining cats and dogs we can 't leave now We 'll wait Take the luggage in We have limited rooms but numerous guests How long will you stay ? The weather is unpredictable See how long can this gold pay for ? You must be tired Sir , please have some tea Any strangers checked in these days ? Are you looking for someone ? We businessmen should be careful and get rid of trouble I just want to know if there is any trouble around Have some tea If there is any , I won 't open an inn here Sorry This is a very special tea The taste is nothing special But you have something special on your mind Don 't you think Chow Wai On will take this route ? Go and check Meaner ... Boss Why you acted before my order ? Shadows are found everywhere But they 're not our men We haven 't taken any action yet Go and check carefully Watch out for the money box Yes What a troubled world it is Thieves 'd watch out for other thieves damn it What is he singing ? He is barbarian He is humming barbarian song I 'll dig your eyes out So you can 't see I 'll peel off your skin so you can 't wear I 'll chop your head off so you can 't live Don 't make any trouble Somebody is on the roof Forget it We 'll leave right after the rain stops Who was killed by the thunder ? We are all here Good job ! Kill your tribe Thank god Where are Bill Chow and Shao Tong ? I 'll go and find them No ! It 'll alarm our enemies The rain is so heavy , we can 't leave Neither can they Right Look at the sword under the lamp after drunk ... When can we live in peace ? I don 't want to wait anymore ! Just stay calm Anxiety won 't help But waitng won 't help either Lower your voice If the eunuches come we 'll be in danger What 'll we do if we are trapped in this inn ? Ho , I didn 't pay a penny less There are rules that we all should follow Miss Yau , my buddies and I ... Make money by risking our lives To save this two kids ... We 've missed many business opportunity and money Now the government knows who we are Damn , we 've given all we have to be a good guy Well , I 'll pay your loss It sounds reasonable Make it clean Sir , did you sleep well last night ? Bull shit Have a seat Shun , clean the tables and chairs Yes Give us some tea Still didn 't get any news from Bill Chow and Shao Tong ? It 's strange ! We can 't even find their bodies There must be something strange Tony , give them some bread We don 't want bread this morning Give us a roasted lamb Roasted lamb Do you have roasted lamb in desert ? Yes They 're fat lambs ! We just killed two last night Give us one You too ? Ok , coming ... The fight last night was tiring enough And now we 've to work this morning Go and get the weapons You are good looking From your forehead There is florid I can tell you 're having good luck Thank you hope your fortune telling comes true If you don 't mind can I see your hands ? Sure From your influence line You were a government officer 2 years ago What 're you working now ? Anywhere ! When there is rough road I 'd make it flat When there is tree blocking the road I 'd remove it That 's why your influence line isn 't that smooth I don 't think I 've the luck to be gov 't official , but I think you have Why ? In such a desert Ordinary citizens won 't wear officer 's boots Don 't be nervous ! You 're an officer So you should know something happened in town Which one are you talking about ? The Secretary of the Military Dept . Yang was killed His corpse was hanged and his whole family was killed too Pal , do you know who did it ? I don 't know Really ? The water is boiling Sir ... oh no ... Mister Can you tell me is he a lady killer ? Yes ! His eyes attract women Really ? The one who killed Yang Are some ruthless bastards It 's hot , let it cool down Mistress This is for the broken table buy a new one I don 't think it 's enough Give us the food ! We 're starving ! Pal , you are a man of righteousness and guts May I know your name ? I 'm a wanderer , name is meaningless to me Let 's cheers for this nameless world OK ! I 'll drink this wine with you ! Cheers ! Please Please Here 's the roasted lamb Mistress , how about our lamb ? It 'd be roasted one by one But first come first serve Make it half then Dao Cut the lamb in half How ? Straight or cross ? As you like , just make it half I wonder what relationship Chow has with this inn ? I think we 'd better take action as soon as possilble Let 's ambush them tonight Bravo ! The rain has stopped ! We may go now Don 't panic , they will discover it easily The larget is so great We are not clear about the outside world We have 2 kids too we can 't go as fast as they can Once this inn is owned by thieves there must be some secret tunnel Let 's search it tonight It was dangerous ! Quickly I fixed up the mess otherwise I 'd have lost if there 're a fight No , some hocus is put ! Drink this Tonight , why no we ... What shall we do tonight ? What ? You are all fools ! If we want to leave here We must get rid of those bastards first Ho Fu , Iron , you two 'll attack from both sides Mo-yan will attack in the midle Cha 's room is at the comer and has just one door Okay , let me do it Mr Chow , have you fallen asleep ? I come to serve you Jade , why do you come here in the middle of the night ? Why do you come here then ? Stop bothering my business This is my inn Who 'll responsible for it if someone get killed here ? But there were many people got killed in this inn before I tell you , I know your story very well Don 't push me to make a dead set at you What are you ? Officers and thieves have their own ways And our own duties But I 'd ask your help How ? Be frank , they are kidnappers That 's none of my business $ 1000 taels , deal or not ? To kill him ? No , just delay them make them stay one more night And forget everything , what say you ? Guess Fantastic Promised ? If you can 't sleep , get something to eat Sister Take care of the kids Where is Uncle Chow ? It 's fine Yuk Bo You went for a walk so late ? It 's freezing Here is too hot Hot ? But I feel cold ! Am I so sick ? The logner we stay the more danger we 'll have We can 't wait Let 's take a risk ! Go ! Ho Hu , Iron I 'll stop the enemies with Mo-yan Just take the kids away We 'll meet at the Dragon Gate Wai-on , cover them Leave the inn to me Mo-yan Who is it ? Chun Brother Ho Come in Miss Yau Chun , don 't worry We 'll protect you Mo-yan Wai-on , take care of Yang 's kids Wait Can I have this flute ? Don 't waste time The rabbit in the trap is always anxious to escape But it can never make it Yes We 'd move this time ! My inn would be jacked up Pack up now No matter how , we 'd move Damn it Why do you shut the door ? Don 't you know the wind is killing me ? No business today ? Thank god ! Our savior comes Don 't let them fish in the trouble water Just tail them Thank god You bring us peace Even fire has to go off What peace ? There is sand-storm outside You said there was a fire ? Here ! Here ! Where is it ? Here Where is the fire ? What were you doing ? You should smell it ! Damn it ! Can you see the fire ? I want them to show up What 's wrong ? Who are you ? Why do you bring so many weapons ? For business Trade with knives ? Sir , businessmen should be careful In this troubled world we 've to protect ourselves You look familiar Who are you ? I 'm talking to you Sir Watch the opera we don 't have to do anything Just wait and see Where are you from ? Are you the general guarding the border ? How dare you talk to me like this ? We are ... Secret agents from the East Chamber This is our identity proof It 's confidential Our identity proof Damn it We become thieves in return Where are you going to ? Going out of the border Don 't you know the gate is closed ? No one can get out without the order From the President of the East Chamber I know You look like the wanted criminal Chow Wai-on You look almost the same You should be him ... I don 't think so Look ! There is a mold on the man 's face But he hasn 't But I don 't remember there 's any mold Look at that guy he has a mold when he came Now , only a scar is left Look , they pretend to be calm You can tell there is something wrong with them Take them to your camps for questioning Maybe they 're the people we want If you get any merit from it don 't forget us Sure You , come over here The one with a scar Hey , I 'm talking to you ! Why do you stare at me ? Not happy with it ? You are just like a thief And you ' re a businessman ? You can never cheat me Don 't get angry , it 's their trick I don 't like you since the first time I saw you Take them to the camp Yes , sir Drink with me Go You two get up They are all here Watch over the general I 'll look for another exit Three taels , give me wine Sir , take care ... The reward from the government is just $ 1000 taels See , these cheques cost $ 1,000 taels each I 'm a reasonable man Drop the knife There is trouble in the frontier no one can go in or go out You 'd better stay few more days When the order is cancelled I 'll let you go Thank you , sir You 'll have a share too Let 's drink Chow Wai-on disappeared Lu Siu Chuen Sir , he doesn 't seem to be here Dao , the stuff is here It is the first time ... You stare at me like this Boss Go He came from the secret passage If you are willing to stare at me because of the passage How about I open all the passages ... So you can stare at me for the rest of your life You 're in this business for such a long time You should know what I want and I like most I want to buy a road to leave the country I 'll offer $ 1,000 taels $ 1,000 taels ? If I want $ 1,000 taels I wouldn 't have added the ... So you don 't want money No I want $ 2,000 taels And you What ? Scared ? Hero always goes with beauty But I do want to try ... A special one like you But on one condition What is it ? I want a formal wedding What ? Scared ? Forget it ! I just want to have one night stand I 'm a righteous man Sleeping with you ... may bring me a notorious name OK , let 's have formal wedding I 'll take this as present Give it back to me Come on , go ahead Move your hand downward then we 'll save the wedding Come on I 'll take it back on our wedding Your Excellency we 'll be at Dragon Gate soon A wedding ? Do you mean it ? Jade 's secret tunnel is the only way out Only you believe her I don 't trust that bitch You are a triad member too We can be brothers So why can 't I trust her ? Draon Inn is a place only talks about interests It has its own way to suvive in a desert The wedding is to confuse the East Chamber I want Cha to be the master of the wedding so as to hinder their act Then I 'll force Jade to tell me where the tunnel is When You see I put the candle on the sill you all rush our from both sides Mo-yan 'll take the kids to Jade 's room Then we 'll escort Jade to lead us out of here There is no righteousness in politics Mo-yan , do you understand ? How can a man come out after entering the bride 's room ? Don 't you think ... I 'll give you all up for having sex ? Just follow his instruction Even Miss Yau can 't understand him The more confusd we are the easier it goes Dragon Inn I hope I won 't see you here again How is it going on outside ? The set has almost done Did the geanny promise ? There won 't be any problem ! Of couse ! Just only you stay ... The granny will promise anything How can I be the master of wedding ? If it 's not your reminder on the other day ... I can never marry Jade You deserve it Right , their parents are not here And you are old enough ... You 're the only choice Okay , I 'll do it Congratulation Thank you Today is my wedding Enjoy yourselves and let 's get drunk ! Make yourselves at home You men look sad Give a speech I 've benn a homeless and lonely businessman before I 'm so glad to be a match maker in a desert I really feel honored Why are you standing here ? Today is Jade 's wedding Why don 't you congratulate them ? Smile I know it 's nosy of me ... but it 's hard to find a good man If you find one ... Just keep him by any means Perfect couple They 're made for each other Great ! Have my toast Don 't get drunk on this big day But it 's a big day ! We should get drunk Sir , don 't drink any wine that is not ours It may be poisoned Cheers Fine Great ! Go to the bride 's room don 't let them delay us What are you doing ? Going to bed so early ? It 's good time We want to play with the couples If you can defeat me , I 'll let you go in OK ! Come on It 's a big day , don 't fight Let 's drink Give us wine Sir , it doesn 't matter We 've more men ! We are having advantage Water is filled into these 2 pots Don 't worry , you won 't get drunk Let 's make it five Don 't waste time tell me where the tunnel is Light the candle first But in case you 're fooling me ... Here it is See if you are capable to go in Mr Ngai , the 4th one The last one Tell me now It 's not funny to fool you Do you have weapons on your wedding ? Where is my flute ? Search it Baldy , cheers Ok ! Let 's finish a pot each Useless ! Get lost Come on Be careful Come on I have brought some fruits for you Thank you Thank you Isn 't it delicious ? The moon is beautiful tonight Sister , tell me why ... it 's not tha same moon as in our hometown ? Mon said the moon is always more beautiful in hometown So this is less beautiful than the one in our hometown But , we have no home now ! We can see the moon here safely it 's the mercy of God indeed How do you feel this place ? Good , cause you are so kind to treat me fruit ! Come and eat together There may be some changes If anything goes wrong , I 'll drop the cup Once you get this signal , take action Think some ways to send me out Sure But not tonight This is the only chance , I must go I tell you , once stepping in my room You have to listen to me I say yes , then yes Jade , please help me I 'll marry you when I return So we won 't owe each other Haven 't you fooled me enough ? Sir , the President 's army will arrive soon Miss Yau , this is water , not wine Forget me , just watch out for the signal They seem to be serious I think so Cut the crap ! We 've bet our lives on it You 're a man of the world Inform me once you get any news There is a secret passage in Jade 's room Chow 'll leave through this tonight He 's smart No one can leave here How about going up there and check ? Will it help ? Check ? Okay Don 't waste time Yes ! Time is running short ! Come on Mistress , open up Who is it ? It 's Cha Ting ! Open up please What 's the matter ? My servant is hurt Do you have any medicine ? What 's up ? You 're trouble My servant 's head is hurt Please have a look Today is my big day you should know what to do Give me the medicine Come over here , this way Let 's talk What 's up ? Don 't you think you can go that easily ? Why do you act in such a hurry ? Let 's take action after this night Don 't ruin my wedding But I 'm afraid you 'd ruin my plan What does that mean ? I know Chow is planning to leave through your secret tunnel He gives me much money and accopanies me What can you pay ? Give me a price $ 100,000 taels Money isn 't a problem , we can talk about it Give me the money , I 'll give you the man Be careful that you 'll lost both money and man You 're back 2 more injured ? I tell you , you 've to pay for my medicine Have you finished your business ? But our affair is not ended You can 't go Mr Ho , where are you going to ? Come on ! Have some more wine Get lost ! I want to piss What a coincidence , I want to piss too Then you go first The candle is blown off Bitch Shall we wait for the signal ? He is enjoying himself But forget about our lives Broken cups Nothing ... this is for protection only Let 's keep on drinking These bastards are well prepared We 've to fight anyway , let 's start now ! I 'll help you Take the knife You want to escape ? Go with the kids Ok Let Chung chase after them Our target is Chow Wai-on Shall we wait for Chow ? Stop waiting , let 's get out of here Get up , let 's go Where is Uncle Chow ? Don 't ask , quick ! Let me go , what have you got from the East Chamber ? They 've given me much more than you have Stop him ! I won 't let you go I can 't believe you work for the East Chamber Damn you Don 't frame me Chow , you 're going to lose Meaner Who told you to take action ? We didn 't , that old man ... The old bastard ? Meaner Damn you Jade , we 've paid you Take it back to buy your coffin You 're good There is a sand-storm ahead It isn 't sand storm Someone is riding a horse The troop from East Chamber is coming Let 's go separately , we 'll join later Okay It 's Tsao 's black Flag Arrow Troop I 'm your man I 'm your man Iron , Ho Fu Yuk Ying , Yuk Bo Yuk Bo Sister , I am here Where is Yuk Bo ? Sister Don 't be afraid , I will take you away Are you mad , Jade ? Siu Chuen You two bastards , you are beasts I 'll take your skin off ! Sister Mo-Yan Hold it Tsao is here What ? Tsao is here ? She fainted , it 's useless Take her to my room Dao Tell the general I 'm in trouble , go ! The medicine We 've been through all adversities ... and we 'd escaped from every danger But it 's an ever changing world We can 't be sure if we can escape this time Mo-Yan Wai-on , I should have faith in you That flute I didn 't mean to give it to jade I really don 't know ... You 'd be so upset Luckily I can explain to you People said : Love is not secured in a messy world Actually , love is more valuable in such a troubled world You can 't get the flute back It 's nothing Nothing is more important than our love Damn it Why don 't you leave ? This is my inn , why should I leave ? I 've nearly forgotten You 're as cool as a desert You 're so mean The people in desert are always selfish They only care about themselves So you open this inn You travellers leave when you reach your aim I just learn this from you And I 'm cool and mean ? Who is it ? Dao Are the helpers coming ? He 's not coming Damn it , they 're all heartless beasts After killing those bastards I 'll come back and teach them a good lesson Why are you back ? It 's out of my expectation that The one who stays behind with me is a barbarian Watch out for the arrows Dao , take the kids to the tunnel , Hurry up Damn it Hold it Hurry up Your flute I don 't want anything that is given out of pity Your excellency , the inn is surrounded Mo-yan , go down first Hold my hand There are many soldiers Forget it Go There are people behind the hill Still chasing ? Go to hell ! Go ... The desert is huge , I 'll follow you I will stop him Jade , take the kids away Wait for me at the Dragon Gate Don 't think about it now ! Wai-on , we 'd live or die together Me too Why don 't you leave ? Block his way Are you okay ? Wai-on ! Get lost ! After killing you My kingdom is as solid as steel We 'll fight you together But you fight alone Damn you , we can kill you any time Come on , eunuch Shit , we are trapped inside the drift sand What should we do ? We can 't move It 's your end Mo-Yan Mo-Yan Don 't close your eyes I 'll help you to chop him The Willow Strike Destroying stance Mo-Yan Mo-Yan Go to hell It 's useless I will kill you Stop Be careful Chow , you are a man You have to take the kids out of here I 'm the most powerful man in the world You choose the way to hell Oh , my leg My hand Where else can you go ? Wonder sword Push me over there , hurry up Chow , can you hear me ? Mo-Yan Mo-Yan Will you come back to the Dragon Inn ? When other guests come You may have already forgotten me I can 't face the desert as brave as you I want to leave now The Dragon Inn Give me some wine Let 's leave this heartless place To go after Chow
