 a Myung Film production presented by Ishin Investments and Shinan Entertainment THE CONTACT starring Han Suk-gyu Jeon Doh-yeon Bak Yong-soo , Chu Sang-mi Kim Tae-woo , Kang Min-ah written by Cho Myung-joo , Jang Yoon-hyun , and Kim Eun-jong director of photography Kim Sung-bok lighting director lm Jae-young Sometimes life wants us to see far After living day by day , you run into a problem Then you start to think about very substantial things Maybe it could be our lives now in a modern society But life throws problems at us like that And having a thirst to look down a long road , is the destiny we must follow Sometimes life wants us to see far directed by Jang Yoon-hyun Jin-wook , in the second part ... Dong-hyun How about something touchy feely for the rain ? How about more requests ? Fine , choose from all these Another 20 minute song today ? People get emotional when night comes More especially on a rainy day like today Here 's some music for a rainy night Wanna hear the good news or bad news first ? We 've got good news , too ? The good news is that the music was perfect yesterday The bad news is whether to lay you off or not Why are all the good songs long ? Why need a producer if you only play five-minute songs ? We only want five-minute songs It was bad timing Late night shows are doing well lately Is there such a big fuss over one song ? You know the guys upstairs get serious before the new season Your show 's at stake this time I guess they just count and not listen to the songs A little compromise wouldn 't hurt to show I don 't want a long-run show without color Yesterday 's program was great They don 't like it again ? I swear they 're so backwards What happened ? The usual stuff Nothing to worry about The word is that we may be out next season They always say that every new season Does it worry you ? It 's only been a month since I joined the show It won 't look good on my resume I 'll be at the archives Let me know if Mr. Kang comes in Yeah Never seen a producer get fired I 'm saying look after your writer Wait ! Some lady left this for you Just this and nothing else ? Oh my gosh ! Ki-chul You scared me Yeah , I did it on purpose You never listen , do you ? Don 't park your car in remote areas Okay , I 'll park it over there How did the interview go ? So , so But I 've got the looks What about graduate school ? It 's not for a party animal like me Did I leave my key in the car again ? What ? You saw it ? Is it this one ? Or this one ? Here I 've been meaning to buy one anyway The part that you fixed before keeps on falling apart See ? I can read your mind That jerk 's with her again Here I 'm sick of this This darn allergy keeps me from looking good Did you get what I wanted ? Of course Where 's the key chain ? - Key chain ? - Yeah Was it part of the set ? You didn 't get it ? That 's the reason why I wanted the whole thing Why didn 't you say so ? Do you really need it ? I 'm so tired My body feels all beaten up You know , knowledge is heavy Instead of putting it in your head , you carry it around Want me to get you some medicine ? No thanks All I need is a shower and some sleep No , you keep it Take it Sorry I 'll get you a better one next time You can 't just come in here Why not ? Tada ! Where did that come from ? I hid it to surprise you You must be exhausted I 'm going out I 'll be out for an hour or so Going for a drive again ? No , to the store I 'm out of water Want me to tag along ? That 's okay It 's been a while , so stay with her Are you sure ? Be careful Why did Dong-hyun suddenly change the song ? I don 't know This old LP may sound bad And I don 't want the DJ to sound stiff It 's the first track They say that the worst habit in the world is memory Memories are sometimes obstacles to a free life This is Pale Blue Eyes from Velvet Underground Your eyes are too dry You don 't have enough tears so your eyes are sore How long will the treatment take ? There 's no special treatment for this Then what is this ? Artificial tear drops Put in a few drops anytime Your tears may come back so let 's wait and see Seems she returned the gift you sent her last time Yes , the flowers also came back Hello ? What should I do ? He 's not saying anything Give him the refund and hang up I can 't do that Tell him to take it himself I 'll tell him , so pass him to me Can I try one more time ? Hang up Get the next line That 's an idea Well , I personally want a gift that 's not too common How about a Polaroid camera ? It 'll be a special gift Sometimes people want to take pictures right away Yes You like it ? Of course She 'll love it this time Why bother if it 's none of your business ? He 's got a weak heart Anyway , who else would bring them together ? What an angel I thought you 'd need one I don 't need it , Miss Hong Shouldn 't teammates have something in common Wait , did you clean my desk ? Yes , I had to for the new glass on you desk Where 's the record that was here ? I returned it to the archives Already a request for the song we aired yesterday ? You 're going to play it again ? We 're being monitored lately The boss won 't like it Was this request made on-line ? Yes Woman 2 ( Lee Soo-hyun ) Hello ? Hee-jin ? Hello ? What 's wrong with the phone ? It 's the speaker phone I can 't find the receiver Why aren 't you coming ? Are you with Ki-chul ? Who else ? Tell him congratulations for getting the job How did you know ? Hold on She says congratulations Soo-hyun ? Congratulations , I knew you 'd make it Only you had faith in me Hee-jin didn 't think that I 'd get the job Hello ? Yeah , I found it When are you coming over ? I got some wine What ? Where did you go ? Kang-neung city ? Hi , this is Han Ki-chul Please leave a message and I 'll get right back to you Hi , this is Han Ki-chul Please leave a message and I 'll get right back to you Are you Lee Soo-hyun ? Yes , yes Anyone else using your ID ? My friend sometimes ... Who made the music request ? I did for my friend What 's your friend 's name ? Why ? Maybe I know your friend My friend doesn 't know the song I 'm sorry Happy End has exited Happy End Wait . I haven 't told you about my friend You have a new message You 're being invited to chat I don 't think it 's the person I know It may be the same one But your friend doesn 't know the song Actually , I made the request for her She also told me about you What 's your friend 's name ? What about your friend ? Min Young-hae That 's her Where is she ? Can you get in touch ? No She doesn 't know that we 're chatting I 'm sure she wants to see me She may find it uncomfortable I want to meet her . Can you ask her ? I will What have I done ! Is something wrong ? He may have made the whole thing up No way , he 's a radio show producer There are all kinds of weirdos out there , you know What should I do ? If it bothers you that much , just apologize You met him on-line , so he won 't know you Hey , what about this one ? The front one is better Blue isn 't Ki-chul 's color Why ? He likes blue How do you know that ? Oh , you know I think I heard him mention it This is a new design It 's too loud Not so much as the others We 've got more flashy ones Anyway , that won 't do Not good for new employees Maybe you 're right Is it really nice ? Know how much I 've done to get you into Dong-hyun 's show ? How much exactly ? He got along great with his previous writer , you know So you changed writers because of me ? Why didn 't you tell me ? I thought you 'd be too grateful Even freelancers have rules to stick to Never climb up the ladder at the expense of others Those things don 't happen to writers like them They 'll raise hell if they get fired . I fear for you , Dong-hyun It 's going to be one ugly split Don 't say that I 'm already out of his favor I never thought anyone could scare Eun-hee She was a raging bull with me , and now she 's like a sheep I didn 't know anything then So now you 're a veteran ? That 's something the producer should evaluate Hey , are you two going out ? I 'm history , so all you care about is your producer ? Boy do I feel lonely Why do I have a guy writer ? That 's enough , you 've had too much It 's been a while , so drink up You don 't seem to enjoy drinking You 're so sober Yeah , when I drink with him , I always get drunk by myself Even in the old days ? There are people who can really get to you Sometimes I get drunk in the studio without even drinking See you tomorrow Can you drive ? I think you 've had too much I 'm okay Can I offer you a lift home ? Thanks , but maybe next time You 're a difficult man to figure out Really ? I started a month ago , but we 've never really talked We will When ? Whenever we have time Before the new season ? You always refer to the new season Are you that sensitive about it ? Producers and writers don 't have fixed partners And depending on the situation , I 'm sensitive to new seasons Is this yours ? See you tomorrow - Thank you - Your welcome Want something to drink ? Have any beer ? I think the scripts are still too wordy Try cutting a page Think that 's appropriate now ? What is ? Always talked about work with other writers , too ? I can work better this way Strange Isn 't it better if you know the person well ? How well do you have to know each other ? Then you can care for others Let me know if it comes up Since I care about my team Know why I 'm here , right ? You 're being invited to chat Kwon Dong-hyun ( Happy End ) invites you for a chat What should I do ? The truth is ... Did you ask her ? No ... Not yet ... How long since you saw her ? 6 years Did you love each other ? What did she say about me ? Seeing her may be a bad idea Did Young-hae say that ? No ... Not exactly ... It 's been a long time , and you may spoil good memories Give me her number I 'll ask her myself Don 't be mad ... I meant no harm What do you mean ? I can 't make you see her Tell me where I can reach her I don 't know ... This is our business , not yours I 'm sorry ... It was all a lie I don 't know who she is ... Please hold on He 's here Again ! It comes out to 152,000 won He can take it to her himself Why 'd you bring it back ? Are you going to charge it ? Lady , I 've had it ! I 'll call you right back I 'm sorry , sir Please do it otherwise You have to give it to her no matter what How can I if she doesn 't want it ? I can 't take this anymore Do what you want with it instead Hey Thank you for calling , this is Lee Soo-hyun speaking Ki-chul ? Ki-chul , why 'd you come up ? I thought you 'd be downstairs Got you Is your training over ? Yeah , I came back yesterday So what brings you all the way here ? What 's this ? Sorry about the other day Like it ? Thank you Are you free tonight ? Why ? Join me and Hee-jin for dinner Leave me out You two haven 't met in a while I want you to come It 'll be very important What is ? You 'll know when you come I like your tie Really ? Hee-jin gave it to me Actually , it 's the only gift from her that I like Like it ? Yeah , blue is my favorite color But the tie is crooked Really ? Darn , I worked on it all morning Don 't take it off Know how to tie it ? Yeah That 's great Tie it for me Here ? Why not ? Hurry Hurry Sorry Wait Smells like Hee-jin 's shampoo Want some coffee ? Did you have lunch ? No , I was just passing by I have to go I 'll see you at Flora tonight No , I want out No way You have to come Go up We 'll be waiting after work Thanks Women aren 't born to be understood , but they 're born to be loved Some of you ladies who are temin ... Excuse me Who are feminists may disagree But from a man 's perspective , it sounds quite compelling Here 's the request What 's wrong with everyone today ? Since everyone is down , I keep screwing up Please be straight with me Tell me honestly how you feel about me Why 'd you come see me ? Because I just thought of you Okay Sometimes I know how it feels to just go to someone Get in No , I 'm alright I just don 't wanna drive alone Who 's the guy ? Who pages you on the beeper I bought for you ? I can 't help being so popular I only turn mine off when I 'm with you , but mine goes wild when it 's on So what 's so important about today ? The truth is I 'm going to propose to Hee-jin , but you know how picky she is So I wanted to ask you how I should propose to her Any great ideas ? Do you have Velvet Underground ? Velvet Underground ? Not too sure Let me check I 'm being punished now For lying to you I 'm really sorry I couldn 't find the record I 'd like to hear that song Hee-jin ? Weren 't you sick of books ? But I never said that I 'll quit the library - We 'll be back in 5 years - That 's not the issue ! - Hee-jin ! - Let go ! I 'm not leaving Seoul Pohang is a big city , with libraries , too Who says they 'll hire me ? And who 's gonna give me my old job back later ? Think it 's that easy at libraries ? Who told me to go get a job instead of grad school ? Yeah , but not in Pohang ! Is it my fault that their institute is in Pohang ? You quit because I can 't You always do that It 's always your way ! We were never right for each other Tell me the truth Is it Pohang or the marriage that bothers you ? Think whatever you like You 've got mail Lee Soo-hyun I 'm sorry ... Delete ? Message deleted Looking for anything in particular ? Yes Do you have Velvet Underground ? It 's a rare edition so we don 't have it now If you really need it , leave me your number I 'll call you when it comes No It 's okay I 'll come by later Sure thing I 'll do my best to get it Good-bye Dong-hyun ! How 's business ? The usual What brings you here ? I just stopped by to see how you were doing It 's been a long time Still listen to LPs ? Not so much Want something to drink , like coffee ? Sure It 's about time you came to alumni gatherings We all miss you Well , I only miss you Hope you 're not still hung up on what happened to Sang-woo Hey , let it go No one blames you Accidents like that happen all the time in the army Oh yeah , Min-young Any word from Young-hae ? Young-hae ? No She sent me a record Just forget it She probably wants you to forget about her Just think of it as that Yes , Dong-hyun speaking " I hope you know how I feel " " Lee Soo-hyun " This isn 't for the show , right ? Who is it ? From : Lee Soo-hyun I 've seen a man like you once I got off from the bus , and was walking home , and this man called me He looked like he was just discharged He mistook me for a woman he knew So I kept on walking , but he was following me He wanted to look at my face once more , and stared at me for a while I kept thinking about him walking away wearily , so I couldn 't sleep that night I felt as if you were just like him It may sound like an excuse , but I didn 't want to disappoint you that day That 's all I 'm sorry You don 't have to apologize Does apologizing to a stranger mean that much to you ? But we may see each other somewhere , somehow Why do you like that song ? Well , it 's hard to explain At one moment , I saw misfortune pass me by Since then , I keep wanting to hear it Have you met her by any chance ? No Does that song have any special meaning to you ? Let 's not talk about it We really don 't know each other I sell things over the phone What kind of things ? Imagine a department store We sell everything You sell products and I sell music Something in common Are you drinking by any chance ? How did you know ? Comes with my job I can tell things with the voice As an expert , I can smell things from letters Your ID seemed unusual at first Any particular reason ? I saw it in a book by chance And I just thought it didn 't exist in the real world Does your ID have any special meaning ? It 's my only nickname I got it while playing a part in the school play You see , my part was Woman 2 You know , those extras , Woman 1 , Woman 2 It popped in my mind so I started using it That person you 're looking for I 'm sure you 'll find her If one searches desperately for the other , then it 's fate People who are destined to meet , will I believe this Some are never meant to be But I want to believe it , too A request by Lee Soo-hyun Velvet Underground 's Pale Blue Eyes You didn 't have to come I 'm not even leaving the country It must be the traffic It took me an hour to get here I 'm not waiting for her , dummy I 'll be sure to give it to her No , throw it away for me Bye Call me when you 're in town I 'm not coming back Sorry Bye , I 'll page you later Okay Bye Isn 't he cute ? You 're like some taxi driver Buckle up , or else you 'll fall Did he leave ? Yeah I can 't shed tears So I can be pretty strong about most things I knew him before she did He 's got this expression that I like It 's when he smiles at me It makes me feel good and warm inside One day , I saw him looking at my friend with that look Pretty stupid , right ? He 's got big feet Do you have big feet , too ? Tae-ho Hey Getting ready Is it a 30-minute song today ? Want to hear it again ? The script Can I take a look ? So Eun-hee wrote this Still so exquisite Eun-hee 's a great girl , huh ? Pardon ? When I first saw Eun-hee , we ate and I couldn 't finish my bowl of rice Why not ? I was shaking What about you ? Never felt like that since high school Look after her well And Dong-hyun - Have you got time today ? - Sure Let 's have dinner tonight I also need to talk Sure thing There you are Have a seat Here Let 's drink first I didn 't think Miss Hong would be here I needed to talk to her , too Something to tell you both How should I start ? The good news would be better , right ? I 've got another show for the new season And the bad news is ... I 'm sorry to tell you this , but I 'd like Eun-hee to help For a few things , so it won 't be a problem Find another writer The work now is hard enough How about it , Dong-hyun ? It 's okay , right ? Sure If it doesn 't hurt my show Don 't I have a say in this ? What 's wrong ? I decide whether I can do the job or not I don 't want to be a part of your team Eun-hee , what 's wrong with you ? Sorry I should 've told you earlier Eun-hee , you see By having her on your team , I thought we could stay close I thought you 'd understand Does it bother you ? No I think she 's seeing someone It 's over between Tae-ho and I Do you want me to work with him ? It 's a problem between you two , not me Why can 't you be true to yourself ? It 's not about him I don 't want to complicate things Nothing 's complicated ! Me being the producer and you the writer is enough Not for me I found it difficult to meet someone new Is it because of Young-hae ? You must still love her Back then I couldn 't tell you everything Actually , they held a spiritual marriage at Sang-woo 's funeral Young-hae wanted it Of course , it was just a formality and meaningless , but I think the record was a way of telling you to forget her You know she 's a hard person to figure out Time passed , but I don 't think she had the heart to tell you Don 't wait any longer Forget him If you can 't , show him your feelings Miss Lee , I 've confirmed your flight reservation to Pohang Thank you Soo-hyun ! What a surprise How are you ? Of course , I 've been okay You 've gotten prettier I came alone You 're drinking a lot today Cold , huh ? Shall we go in ? I wanna stay longer The waves sound so nice So this is how waves sound I didn 't know I still haven 't unraveled that tie yet Why not ? Just because I thought I couldn 't tie it the same way Didn 't know I liked you when I first saw you , huh ? I 've already seen that play with my friends , but you didn 't know , and thought it turned out bad as I had predicted Didn 't know , huh ? Do you know why I came ? Did Hee-jin send you ? No I get it Then because you missed me ? It 's cold Let 's go Soo-hyun Soo-hyun Soo-hyun ! Taxi ! Soo-hyun To Seoul It 's all your fault Now I can 't see him anymore It 's better that way Since it hurts every time you saw him I can 't see him even as a friend now What good is it to meet as friends ? Don 't you want to be loved ? Love can be one-sided You 're being foolish You don 't have the courage to make him yours Just forget him Don 't be so cruel Because of a useless emotion , you may lose a real love What about you ? Have you found someone new ? Why can 't you get over your ex ? We weren 't talking about me Don 't avoid the question Stop pretending because you 're deceiving yourself A word of advice for you You can 't be happy with him You 're the one who needs advice Lee Soo-hyun has logged out Just let him go now Let 's use this What happened to Miss Hong ? I don 't think she 's this irresponsible Let 's do it this way first Instead of this , let 's delay it a bit , and look for another writer A wise producer would What happened ? Let 's talk first After the recording I want to talk now - What 's wrong with you ? - Tell me the reason why This is the studio Don 't use Tae-ho as an excuse I know he 's not the reason I want it like it was before There 's no turning back I thought you needed me Fine Back then I did , but not now Is it the woman who sent you that record ? I want our relationship to be strictly business What 's with you ? Hey Producers don 't quit just because the show 's canceled Good luck No mails Why did you quit ? I just wanted to Is that why you sent for me ? No I 've decided to take your advice I 'm going to let him go You 've got mail Anxiously waiting for Woman 2 's new love ... From Happy End Didn 't know when I took it , but when I see myself standing alone in a photo That 's not being miserable It is too Know how sad it is standing alone and laughing ? Maybe it 's because I didn 't take any pictures Then try it You can see that there 's no one beside you Anyway , I can 't accept that Fine Let 's see Dozing off while watching a movie on TV After you wake up , seeing ' The End' on the screen is worse Here 's another one To be soaked in rain after a movie with no umbrella That happened to me , too There 's something more pathetic than that There 's a movie you 're dying to see , but have no one to see it with No , I 'll try again Having the guts to go alone , but leaving in the middle of the movie Why ? Someone bothered you ? No I thought I had to leave before the lights came on It must 've been a dirty movie No way People stare at women who watch movies alone Know how much I hate that ? It took so much courage to go , but I didn 't watch all of it I 'm a fool , aren 't I ? You must be sensitive No , it 's being shy Anyway , I 'm never going to the movies alone No , you shouldn 't Since you don 't have to wait long Since they 're always a bit foggy Since they don 't wrinkle easily Since it 's the only photo there is Women who dye their hair thoroughly ? A prudent woman Women with partly dyed hair ? An aggressive woman And women with their natural black hair ? A stubborn woman Are your eyes dry ? Pardon ? Your lachrymal gland is blocked so your eyes get red No , it 's just an infection Careful , it 's contagious It 's Kwon Dong-hyun Please leave a message Dong-hyun , it 's me , Min-young Hello ? How are you ? Fine And you ? Me , too I thought you might need this Hello Young-hae died This album was Young-hae 's for a long time You once told me you were looking for this album , right ? I couldn 't throw it away , so I 'm giving it to you Young-hae was already in love with someone He was my senior , and in the army at that time But I didn 't care , and Young-hae chose me Then one day she suddenly left me Later I heard that he was killed in an accident People said it was an accident , but I think it was suicide I 'm sure she did , too I thought I was the only one she could come back to But she returned to him Hello My name is Han Jung-tae Since I was young , I couldn 't speak in front of people That 's because I 'm shy Today , with all of you here I 'm going to get rid of my stuttering I 've decided to do this , so I can make friends , and because I love this girl Thank you There should be a number somewhere Is Dong-hyun working somewhere ? No , I heard he 's emigrating Where to all of a sudden ? I think it was to Sydney When ? Next Saturday I think Can someone tell her where she can reach him ? - I 'll help you - Thanks Excuse me Yes Are you the one who sent the album ? It 's Kwon Dong-hyun Please leave a message It 's me , Soo-hyun I went to the station I heard you were leaving I 'd like to meet you I 'll be waiting at the theater It 's Kwon Dong-hyun Please leave a message Hi It 's Lee Soo-hyun I 've been waiting long It 's Kwon Dong-hyun Please leave a message Pick up if you 're listening Dong-hyun Long time no see I couldn 't get a hold of you You look good I 've gone back to work When are you leaving ? Tomorrow night Are you coming back ? Well , I have no idea Someone came to the station looking for you Thought you should meet her , so I gave her your number Bye Okay I called you several times I 'll be waiting at the theater I want to meet you before you leave I wonder if you remember me Is it wrong for me wanting to meet you ? Tomorrow is the last day I 'll wait at the theater I looked up the map today I found the place where you 'll be going Heard it was a big country , but it didn 't look big on the map I 've never seen you , but I feel like I know everything about you I guess you 'll never know how I feel Now I 'll be alone again , like you I once told you that people destined to meet will meet I 'm not going to believe that anymore I wanted to meet you today , and share this song with you
