 Dune . Wasteland of the Empire and the most valuable planet in the universe because itis here , and only here , where spice is found . The spice . Withoutit , there is no commerce in the Empire . There is no civilisation . Arrakis . Dune . Home of the spice . Greatest treasure in the universe . And he who controls it , controls our destiny . Father ! Mentat engineers , please report to fusion plants . Life support technicians , prepare for departure . This move to Arrakis comes at a delicate moment for House Atreides . A test of your father 's loyalty to the Emperor . You must remember , Paul our society is a tangled web of competing forces . Our civilisation rests upon a political tripod a most unstable of structures . A deceptive balance of power exists between the Emperor the Congress of Royal Houses , and the supposedly impartial Spacing Guild with its invulnerable monopoly on interstellar transport . Complicated by a feudal trading culture that turns its- - Dr. Yueh would be disappointed . Then he 'd know how I feel . Attention . Departure from Caladan airspace , 0-10 : 00 . It 's never easy leaving one 's home , Paul . Think of this as a new adventure , the adventure of a lifetime . You call this an adventure : Leaving our home for some dry speck of dust in the middle of nowhere ? You 're a duke 's son . You have duties , responsibilities . How could I ever forget ? Every day I have to eat responsibility for breakfast and duty for dinner . Sarcasm doesn 't become you . I just want to see my father . So do I . Attention . Departure from Caladan airspace , 0-10 : 00 . All Atreides personnel , please prepare for departure . The Reverend Mother has arrived . She wants to see you before we depart for Arrakis . Why are you afreit of her Mother ? Peach of your voice gives away She was my teacher at the Bene Gesserit school Now she 's the Emperors truth server You haven 't answer my question I give you more Bene Gesserit training than a boy ever get She want 's to see what caint of student have you been You have given him your face , Jessica . But the father has given him his eyes . And his courage . We shall see . Come here , boy . Let me have a better look at you . Ifyou know what 's good foryou , you 'll do as I say . I 'll be the judge of what 's good for me . Your mother has taught you many things , I see . She tells me you dream . Your Reverence ... - ... if I could- - - You 're dismissed , Jessica . Since when is it permitted to treat the Lady Jessica as a common servant ? She was a common servant . My servant . And a good one , too until she was 16 , and your father took her . Now , I would like to hear about your dreams . They 're just dreams . About what ? Man daing Which man ? I don ´ t know You lie . ... What else ? Some time I see extrange people workshiping wather ... and saying a extrange name ... my name I think . ... and then worse It ´ s horrible worse . Milliones daing Shehat Some times there 's a girl a beautifull girl But she afraiten me her eayes are extrange . And do you know this girl ? No . What do you think they mean ... this dreams of you ? Why don 'tyou tell me ? Do you know what this is ? It is a test , young Atreides . A test for what ? Put your hand inside and we 'll see . What 's in it ? Pain . I hold the Gom Jabbar at your throat , young Atreides . Keep your hand in the box and live . Remove it and die . I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . That 's right , boy . Pray . I will face my fear , I will let it pass through me . And when the fear is gone there will be nothing . Only I will remain . No woman , child , ever withstood that much pain . You are a gifted boy , young Atreides but you have much to learn . He survived . You should 've warned me . She was forbidden . I 'm sorry . Paul . You were supposed to have a daughter . You have hopelessly complicated matters . An Atreides daughter could 've been wed to the Harkonnen heir . The feud between the houses could 've been ended . My duke wanted a son . You arrogant girl . Putting his desires above our interests . How dare you turn your back on the centuries of our breeding programmes . I 'll pay for my mistakes . And your son will pay it with you . We 'll do what we can . He may be worth saving but for the father , nothing . Good thing you don 't play your baliset as badly as you fight , Gurney-man . It 's too bad Duncan isn 't here . - Then I could get a real workout . - Now you 've done it . Whoa , Gurney-man . Never submit to anger . Fast on defence , slow on the attack . You forgot your first principle , Gurney . Not likely . Look down , lad . Perhaps you 'd like to sing soprano next time I play . Guess I 'm just not in the mood today . Not in the mood ? Mood is a thing for cattle and women , young pup . Mood is not for fighting . Even with the Weirding ways your mother teaches you . It 's that old Bene Gesserit witch . Something she said or did . The navigator is arriving . Spacing Guild shuttle N-117 arriving central transportpart . This zone is now restricted . We 'll be on our way to Arrakis soon . It is said that they depend on the spice and that without it , they can 't navigate . It is said . They used to be human , didn 't they ? Until the spice changed them . I don 't think anyone knows for sure . I 've never seen one . No one has . It 's forbidden , Paul . So don 't endanger our shipping privileges trying . All non-Guild personnel , please secure quarters . Will Arrakis be as bad as they say , Thufir ? The storms , perhaps . They can eat the flesh off your bones as you stand . The only thing that doesn 't fear an Arrakis storm is the giant worm . It 's not worms I worry about . Your father is a formidable man , Paul . Even the Emperor fears him . I 'd sooner cast my fate with him than trust anything some Bene Gesserit hag said . And so it begins . The trap is set , the prey approaches . A glorious winter is about to descend on House Atreides and all its heirs . The centuries of humiliation , visited upon my family will finally be avenged . But Arrakis was mine ! Shut up , Rabban . I did what you said , Uncle . I made the people cower . I crushed that vile planet . He said squeeze , brother , not crush . Rabban aspires to rule House Harkonnen one day , Feyd . And yet he can 't even rule himself . Explain our plan , Mentat . The plan is elegant and vicious , dear Baron . Of course it is . I designed it . In order for the Empire to survive , the spice must flow . But the production has become inconsistent . In his wisdom , the Emperor decided only one man is honest enough and loyal enough to be trusted with restoring the spice production adequately . Duke Leto Atreides . Temporarily interrupting 80 years of Harkonnen rule and all the profits that go with it . I said temporarily , you moron . It doesn 't take long for Duke Leto to believe he has Arrakis firmly under control . And then , at the moment of his greatest confidence- - The traitor strikes . A traitor ? Who ? That remains my little secret for now . What about the other great houses ? They 're sure to protest . Perverting common wisdom , Nephew , is a mark of all great conspiracies . You see , Nephews , a popular man arouses jealousy and Duke Leto is a very popular man . The other great houses will be glad to get rid of him even though they would never admit it . The spice will flow . The Emperor will be pleased and House Harkonnen will be more powerful than ever . Alone and vulnerable , at the edge of the universe valiant Duke Leto will finally come face to face with fear . When I 'm through , he won 't know who to trust not even that Bene Gesserit witch he sleeps with . They 'll all be turning on one another like rats in the flood . By the time the traitor is fully revealed the fate of Atreides will already be sealed . My son always says you have a feline grace , Duncan . I didn 't want to startle you , Milord . The latest emigration reports . They fear our regime will be as bad as the Harkonnens ' . We 're losing too many . Spice hunters , drivers , weather scanners , dune men , we 'll need . Should I persuade some to stay ? No . I have something more important for you to do . I want you to go into the desert . The Fremen ? I 'm getting reports of hundreds , perhaps thousands , in villages ... what they call sietches In the deep desert . Beyond the mountains . The Harkonnen sneered at the desert people . Hunted them for sport . - I doubt they 'll expect any better from us . - Then we have to change that . We 're going to need allies here , Duncan . I want you to seek out their leader this Liet I keep hearing about . A phantom . He may not even exist . He could even be many different men . Find out . Negotiate patience so I can demonstrate our good intentions with deeds . If I 'm lucky , they will judge all of us by you . You honour me , sir . I am endangering you and I know it but you 're the only one I can trust with this . That 's a dusty little garrison town . A testament of the harsh climate of the place . What 's he doing ? Water seller , Milady . You need never bother with the likes of them . The cistern at the palace holds 50,000 gallons and it 's always kept full . What 's wrong with their eyes ? Those are Fremen , desert people . It 's the spice . It 's everywhere : the air , the food . By the time a Fremen child is 12 his eyes have turned completely blue . Guards everywhere . We didn 't have to live like this on Caladan . Family apartments are in the west wing . The furniture is being brought up . What is this for ? An old custom , I 'm told . Guests ceremoniously splash water on the floor after washing their hands . They save the squeezings . Demeaning custom . Idaho has prepared for us well , Milord . Duncan ? Where is Duncan ? Can I see him ? I have him occupied on official business for the moment . You must be patient . I 've assembled the general staff , as you requested . No , don 't take it up there . I want the coat of arms to hang here . The first thing visitors must see . This is House Atreides now . We are not like the Harkonnen . You will be treated here with respect . From now on , we speak the lady 's language at all times . The Shadout Mapes , Milady , head of household staff . Mapes , show Milady our apartments . Make sure she has everything she needs . I 'll join you after the briefing . This way , Milady . Come , Paul . The men are waiting . Me ? Right now ? It 's time you participated . I 've had the girls sandscrub these walls to within a millimetre of their frames . The Harkonnen stench is finally gone . Built by off-worlders many years ago . A chapel for the memories of what they left behind when they came here . A thousand people could survive a year on the water it takes to keep this place a month . And a Harkonnen never let us forget it , Milady . Your name , Shadout , it means well-dipper , doesn 't it ? I was raised in the desert sietches , Noble-born . Refer to me as Milady , Mapes . I 'm not noble-born . I am the bound concubine of the duke . There is no wife ? I 'm his only companion , the mother of his son . You are Bene Gesserit . Yes , I know the ancient tongues . I 'm trained in the ancient ways . This place is precious . It should be protected . Tell the people , Mapes , this place belongs to them now . As long as we rule here the Atreides family will keep it in trust for them . Stay there . Give them back their money . Go on . It is a custom , Milady . This custom stops now . Do as I said . Do as I said . Water will never again be sold at the Atreides ' door . At the end of every meal , any person who calls at this door may receive a full cup , free . Is it possible ? Could it be possible that she brings the Mahdi ? The thing must take its course . What about the mining accounts ? The Harkonnen spice operation took 10 billion solaris out of here every year . Now , does anyone here still think that the Harkonnen have just packed up and left ? Gurney , I want you to make contact with the smugglers operating in the deep desert . Tell them that we 'll ignore what they 're doing from now on as long as they make it worth our while . The Emperor is extremely jealous of his spice profits , Milord . It 's one thing to turn a blind eye to smugglers . It 's quite another to pocket some of their earnings . Well , then just tell him what we 're doing . Bank the entire amount to his name , Shaddam IV . But then deduct it from our taxes as a legitimate expense . In other words , cost of doing business . What ? I would just love to see the Baron 's face when he hears of this . All the Harkonnen parasites who got rich taking smuggler bribes will be flushed into the open . No more graft . The Emperor cannot deny this . Not in public , anyhow . Well done , lad . Now ... . An emperor 's daughter must do better . Worthy to be your first-born . They tell me her ambitions tend more to the literary than the political . Never underestimate the political uses of an awakened mind , Majesty . Subterfuge and cunning are often better allies than a fierce heart and a strong back . All she lacks is the primacy of our gender . Then you must marry her well . Someone with a suitably pliable personality . Too bad it won 't be that young Atreides . The most admirable lad , I 'm told . Good union of breeding and training . We must arrange to send Duke Leto a token of our love . He must continue to think of us fondly . Why did we come here , Father ? And don 't just tell me it 's a matter of honour or duty . There 's more to it , isn 't there ? I 've never lied to you , Son . We 've been entrusted with the most profitable commodity in the universe . That alone makes us many enemies . Then why don 't we call them out ? Expose them in front of the Emperor . What if he 's one of them ? This is a hard lesson , Son . In the world we live in , self-interest governs all . The Emperor needs us for the moment , to administer Arrakis , to make the spice flow . But he fears us , Paul . He fears my influence among the great houses . If he decides it 's in his interests that House Atreides should fall , he will do nothing to stop it . He might even invite opportunity to hasten it . Well then , if you 're right , this place is a trap . Perhaps . But knowing there 's a trap is the first step in evading it . I should 've taken the House Atreides renegade fled to the darkest corners of the universe . You 're too honourable for that , my love . No . I 'm too fed up . This endless feud stops here . The Harkonnen are a rogue clan , Leto . No matter how much prestige they try to buy they 'll never have the respect you 've earned . Respect can 't buy us peace . I 'd trade it all for a place somewhere . Anywhere where we could be alone , where Paul could be safe . And all I had to think about was your happiness . Maybe then I could finally make- - Please , don 't talk about things that can 't be . You belong to your time , I was bred to my destiny . Even if I were able to go back and choose I would change nothing . One of yours , Turok ? Harkonnen mercenaries . Someone is signalling from the palace . Save your strength for the desert , Atreides . Word has already been sent to the palace . We have people among you . - Are they trustworthy ? - They are Fremen . I 'll take care of these . Only half the sandcrawlers are operable but we 'll have most of the ornithopters working soon . That is a harvester factory . We have about 1,000 . As big as she is , there are worms in the deep desert that could swallow one whole . Why don 't we use shields ? Shields are useless in the desert . Even a simple body shield will call every worm within 100 kilometres . Drives them into a killing frenzy . The imperial ecologist , Milord , Dr. Kynes . We prefer the traditional term , planetologist . I understand that we have you to thank for our stillsuits . I hope they fit well . This is basically a high-efficiency filter and heat-exchange system . The skin layer is porous . Perspiration passes through heat filaments and salt precipitators . Water is reclaimed in catchpockets , which you can draw from this tube . Properly adjusted , water loss is kept under 15 millilitres a day . That 's hardly measurable . That 's the point . You 're a Fremen . I am accepted in both sietch and village . But I am in the Emperor 's employ . You 've worn a stillsuit before ? This is the first time . Someone adjusted it for you ? No , it just seemed the right way to put it on , that 's all . Well then the desert awaits . Maintain 120 degrees southeast , Milord . Set . That 's where the sandmaster is concentrating his equipment . How many men are there on a mining crew ? As few as possible . Mining is a perilous adventure at best , Milord . Has anyone ever been lost out this far and survived ? Men have walked out of the nearer zones by crossing the rock areas where worms seldom go . Fremen ? Fremen . There it is . That 's the harvester . And those are the scouts ? Yes . Watching for wormsign . Wormsign ? Wherever there is spice , there are worms . Always ? They defend the spice sands . Has there been an effort to wipe them out ? Too much area to cover . Too many worms . A rich field by the look of the colour . Is that wormsign ? Where 's the carryall to evacuate the harvester ? Wormsign , approximately 40 kilometres . He 's got you . Estimated intercept , six minutes . Do they always cut it this close ? It 's not standard procedure . The carryall should be here . - How many men on that harvester ? - Usually 23 , Milord . - Are we sure the worm will attack ? - No doubt about it . Crew on the harvester , this is Duke Leto Atreides . We 're taking you out . Cease operations and prepare for evacuation . Spotters , land to the west . Prepare to be boarded . Those spotters only carry four men , in addition to the crew . We can only get two in here . You two work on the back seats . We 'll jettison them when we land . That 'll get in three more . This is harvester Delta Ajax Niner . Sir , we have almost a full load . Damn the spice . We can always get more . Prepare for evac . That 's an order ! Worm sighting . 10 degrees southwest . Estimated speed , 40 knots . We have an approach . Worm intercept , five minutes . Worm intercept , four minutes . Why aren 't they coming out ? They are hoping that the carryall will show up at the last minute . Sandmaster , this is a command from your duke . Cease operations and evacuate the station immediately or I 'll cutyourship in two with a lasgun . I can hear it . The worm . I can hear it coming . Over here ! Over here ! Both of you , over here ! The rest to the spotters ! Run , you sand dogs , run ! Get down and hang onto anything you can . What are they doing ? Milord , we must go now ! Hurry ! Capacity overload . We need altitude or it 'll suck us down . Capacity overload . Capacity exceeds lift capability . Bless the Maker and his water . Bless his coming and his going . May his passage cleanse the world . May he keep the world for his people . How about the men left behind ? - Send a ship to search for them . - But they were right by the worm- - Send a ship anyway . When God ordains a man 's time to die he directs that man to the proper place . Paul . I want the pilots from that missing carryall delivered to me personally . Someone 's going to pay for that waste . This is my legacy to you , Son . The greatest wealth in the universe and the never-ending struggle to defend it . The ancients used to say danger and opportunity were often the same thing . This is not one of Yueh 's academic exercises , Paul . On Caladan we ruled by air and sea . And here we need desert power . Desert power . Remember that . Mahdi , Mahdi . Leto is growing more popular with every passing week . He has ruined our system of bribes and patronage . He 's been able to maintain the spice quota despite our sabotage . Even that mongrel ecologist Kynes is sending the Emperor favourable reports . And what do you deduce from all of this , Nephew ? The longer we wait , the harder it will be to dislodge him . Piter , try again , will you ? Leto 's continued success makes the other great houses nervous , Rabban . We can hear whispers , petty jealousies that could easily give birth to considerable envy . Bugger envy ! We have a traitor among them . I say strike now ! For your approval , Uncle . The slave is quite a specimen this time , don 't you think , Rabban ? Perhaps Feyd shouldn 't be quite so casual today . No . Perhaps my dear brother might even break a sweat today . What you fail to understand is that I want Leto to become popular . I want him to feel secure . I want him to feel confident . Confidence breeds distraction . And that is when one is most vulnerable . Such a beautiful boy . You asked me to inquire about the shouting the other day . The words they were calling out at your shuttle . Mahdi , something like that . It means messiah . They have a legend here , a prophesy that a leader will come to them from off-world . A boy . The only son of a Bene Gesserit . To guide them to true freedom . Messiah ? Paul ? These are a simple people , Milord . They survive on hope . Tell me about the waters ofyour homeland , Muad 'dib . I 'm sorry , Milord . Mapes didn 't tell me you were in here . No wait . It 's fine . I was tired . I fell asleep . You can go on about your work . Tell me do the cooks use much spice in our food ? The spice is everywhere on Arrakis , Milord . Everywhere . Don 't move . Just do exactly as I say . It 's a hunter-seeker . They will kill you instantly , if you move . Listen to me . The operator , wherever he is can only target movement . Stay perfectly still . Don 't give in . Fear is the mind killer . You 're lucky to be alive . I was its target ? It goes toward movement , that 's all . You could have let it go and saved yourself . There is a traitor among you . Someone close . Someone very close . I want him alive ! Hey , you ! They tried to take the life of my son ! He looks local . - There 's nothing to identify him . - Harkonnen , surely . - And not working alone- - - Stop it , both of you ! Burn him . Everything except the hands . Put some spice in each one and send them to the Baron on Giedi Prime . He almost took the life of my son . Get out , all of you ! Out ! You simple ass . I told you that I wanted those bastard Atreides to feel secure . But no , you couldn 't wait . You had to have your own way . Now your initiative has made them more defensive . Now what , Piter ? Advancing our timetable would seem appropriate at this point . Another blinding burst of insight ! How is it that I am blessed with such extraordinary counsellors as these ? There is , of course , the slight troop-transport problem . Our negotiations with the Spacing Guild are not yet concluded . Damn the Guild and their navigators . Even the Emperor can 't move without the blessing of the Spacing Guild , dear Baron . And what would you suggest , my most devious Mentat ? Offer an increase in spice royalties payable in advance from Rabban 's own reserves- - You are out of your mind , you- - Get on with it , Piter . We must try and turn this setback to our advantage . Perhaps your incompetence will prove useful after all and hasten the day House Atreides must fall . You 're tired , Father . Yes , I am tired . The degeneration of the great houses has worn me out . Our house hasn 't degenerated . Hasn 't it ? Your assassin didn 't arrive here without help . But who could you suspect ? I can only suspect . I can 't prove and there 's suspicion enough to go around . It can 't be Gurney . He knew your assassin would be more valuable alive . Gurney 's impulsive , Father . He doesn 't have that kind of cunning . Or Yueh 's intelligence . Surely not Yueh ? His Suk conditioning would drive him mad first . Never let sentiment cloud your judgement , Son . There is someone . Sooner or later you must face whoever it is . So this is how it works . They sow the seeds of distrust and get us to fear each other . Learn this lesson well , Son . If you want to hold Arrakis , you must be ready to fight fear with fear . Fear and power . That 's our cue . The man in silver is a stillsuit manufacturer in Carthag . An inferior product to the Fremen 's . The hard-faced woman next to him runs an escort service in Arsunt . Impressive client list , I 'm told . By the fireplace , Lingar Bewt , water shipper from the polar region . The man to his right- - A Spacing Guild representative . How could I miss him ? The man with Thufir is Esmar Tuek , smuggler , highly successful . He has fast ships if we need them . Milady , Milord I was honoured by the invitation . You are always welcome here , Dr. Kynes . We found the missing carryall , Milord , hijacked by Harkonnen agents who tried to sell it at a smuggler 's camp . They are now dead . We are indebted to you , sir . Milady will see to it you have everything you need . It will be my pleasure . And my honour , Milady . I understand they lost another harvester to a worm . If they keep this up , they won 't even be able to have enough money to buy water . Gentlemen and ladies , Her Royal Majesty , Princess Irulan Corrino . Your Highness , your attendance is a most welcome delight . My father sends you his enduring respect and affection , my Lord Duke . The Emperor wishes everyone to know of the confidence he has in House Atreides . She brings the Emperor 's Sardaukar killers as her bodyguards . Water customs here are so fascinating don 't you think , Your Highness ? When I arrived , my bathing towels were hurried away almost before I was dry . To save their squeezings , I assume . That 's a safe assumption . Nothing about this place is fascinating . If it weren 't for the spice , no one would bother about it at all . Fortunately enough , for a water seller like you , I would guess . I enjoy watching the flight of birds here on Arrakis . Many exist without any water at all . Carrion eaters , you know , blood drinkers . A curious adaptation , don 't you think ? You mean they are cannibals ? I said they drink blood , not necessarily the blood of their own kind . It 's said that Fremen drink the blood of their dead . Isn 't that so , Dr. Kynes ? Not the blood , sir . All of a man 's water . A necessity when one lives in the deep desert . The human body is 70 percent water . Surely a dead man no longer requires it . At least here is honest merrymaking . Careful , lad . That spice beer can go to your head before you know it . Play , Gurney . Let 's you and I at least have some peace . When the son of my beloved duke orders me to relax then , by God , I intend to do so . Is that how you really feel , Gurney-man about my father ? Beloved ? You young pup . If I didn 't know better , I would take those words for an accusation . It was a simple question . Your father rescued me from a Harkonnen slave pit , boy . He took me into his household , groomed me as his war master . The man or woman that raises a hand against him will have it cut off by me , as a prelude to their death . I 'm ashamed of myself doubting you , Gurney-man . That 's enough , lad . No more of this . Gentlemen and ladies , I use the terms loosely of course . I , the Baron Harkonnen have decided that the great seal of our venerable house that confused and ugly Chimera , the griffin no longer adequately represents the ambition of our appetites . Therefore and henceforth , in conclusion and furthermore , ergo and et cetera our ample and royal self from this day forth , and throughout the universe we shall no longer be known as House Harkonnen . We shall be House Hog . Now I know why they say your skill with a knife is exceeded only by your mastery of the baliset , Gurney Halleck . Is it Atreides custom to abandon an honoured guest without even the courtesy of a lame excuse ? Forgive me , Your Highness . Careful . Spice beer can go to your head before you know it . So I 've noticed . You were expecting someone more delicate , perhaps ? Refined was the word I had in mind , actually . There 's an ancient saying I 've learned to trust : Never judge a book by its cover . We are not all that different , Paul Atreides , you and me . You don 't know what you 're talking about . I 've heard all about the moody Paul the grim Paul , the angry and unhappy Paul who has been exiled to Arrakis where , poor boy one day he will inherit responsibility for the greatest treasure in the universe . And a never-ending struggle to defend it . We both suffer the solitude of our birthright . Except that tomorrow you will return to the comfort of your palaces on Kaitain . To the confinement of its perfect gardens and lonely apartments . To your servants and entourage . With their slavish flattery and cautious conversation . As an heir to an Emperor . Who damns my mother for bearing daughters instead of sons . You 're mocking me . No . I 'm trying to interest you . Are you gonna dance with me or just stand there looking confused ? I didn 't want to come here , you know . Being an ornament of my father 's diplomacy is hardly my idea of a good time . But you turned out to be more complicated than your reputation . And I like complicated . We 've been looking for you , Your Highness . So now you 've found me . - Have you been hurt ? - Be still , Captain . The Princess has been under my protection . Oh , please . - Gurney , hold . - Stand down , Captain . - Gurney . - I said stand down , Captain ! It 's late , Highness . The shuttle awaits . I am not ready to go . Your father left strict orders . You see ? Perhaps we should be the adults here . Set an example for our hot-tempered friends . You are more interesting than you appear , Paul Atreides . I hope this won 't be our last encounter . My father will no doubt reward you for such mindless obedience , Captain . Muad 'dib . Muad 'dib . Father ? Duncan ? Forgive the abrupt arrival , Milord . But we 've taken a force of Harkonnen infiltrators . The Fremen found them in the cave of the shield mountains . One of the Fremen , Turok , was badly wounded . - I rushed him here for treatment- - - But he has died . This is Stilgar , Milord leader of Turok 's tribe . We 've heard many things in the desert about Leto Atreides . I hope what you 've heard will be the beginning of a friendship between us . My people have suffered long under the rule of such as you . No , not such as me , nor any of my family . All that changed when the House Atreides came to Arrakis . Duncan ? Paul . Stilgar , this is my son , Paul Atreides . Yes . We have heard about him as well . The Fremen want me to remain with them , Milord . He fights well . And he has done his best for our friend . It will reassure us . Dual allegiance , Milord , to you and to their tribe . There is a precedent . Liet serves two masters . Let it be known among your people , Stilgar , that Duke Leto Atreides honours the sacrifice that your warrior has made on our behalf . I wish nothing but peace between us . We thank you for the gift of your body 's water , Stilgar and accept it in the spirit with which it was given . Duncan Idaho your water now belongs to us . The body of our friend , Turok , remains with your duke . His water now belongs to the Atreides . That is the bond between us . Mapes ? Mapes ! Mapes , who did this ? Who ? Traitor . Who ? Guard dead . Shields . The shields . Gurney ! Yueh ? God forgive me . I have no choice . Why ? Why ? Because I need to save my wife . We haven 't much time . The Harkonnen will be in the palace soon . I 'm giving you the final revenge , Milord for this terrible thing I 've done to you and your family . You will have your revenge , Milord , I promise . Just remember the tooth . The tooth , Milord . When you have the Baron face to face remember the tooth . An Emperor 's Sardaukar . The duke ! Where is the duke ! Not in quarters , sir . We can 't find the young master either . Bastards ! He looks sufficiently paralysed . My half of the bargain , Baron . I promised you the duke . There he is . Well , it 's a delicious sight , Doctor . Now it 's time for your half . And believe it or not , I 'm a man of my word . Where is she ? You promised we 'd be reunited . You said you 'd free her if I did what you asked . Well , I 've done it . So where is she ? Your wife is free , my good doctor . Completely free . Free of her mortal coil . Free of her physical cage . I 've freed her . I promised you 'd be reunited , and I 'm a man of my word . As now you can see . You think you 've defeated me . Never trust a traitor . Not even one you create . My noble duke , are you enjoying the show ? I hope so . I kept you alive so you could witness every precious moment of your betrayal . What ? Paul . Oh , the boy . I don 't know , I left him to the desert , he and that gorgeous woman of yours . My men left them to explore the beauty of the sands of Arrakis . Perhaps they 'll see some worms . We couldn 't have all that noble blood all over our hands , could we ? The Emperor was quite insistent about that . Yes your beloved Emperor . Just goes to show , never get more popular than the boss . Unless you intend to sack him . Did I say that ? How impolitic of me . I must be spending too much time with that idiot nephew of mine , Rabban . You won 't say anything will you , my dear man ? Perhaps we should get on with it , then . Get on with it ? This is Kanly , Piter ! Vendetta ! And I am going to savour every minute of it . My family has hated the Atreides for generations . They have been the sand in our eyes , the stink at our meals these arrogant Atreides , always standing in our way . I want Leto to appreciate the beauty of what I 've done to him . I want him to know that I , Baron Vladimir Harkonnen am the instrument of his family 's demise the extinction of House Atreides and the ascendance of House Harkonnen . The tooth . What did he say ? Tooth . What did he say , Piter ? The tooth . No ! Need you more proof of what heaven 's choice is ? Atreides is dead , and Harkonnen lives ! He 's dead . Father 's dead . - What are you doing ? - We won 't survive long in the open . We must find shelter . But Harkonnen patrols . Worms . We have to take our chances . One of ours ? We can 't take the chance . Could be Harkonnen coming to finish the job . Hurry ! Harkonnen patrol ships are in the area , approaching fast . Strap in . - What is this place ? - A Fremen sietch . A small one . There 's a storm coming . We can stay here until it passes . Liet , we must talk . Rest here . How did you know where to find us ? Dr. Yueh sent a courier . Said you were being taken to the bled , south of the mountain shield . Milord I 'm supposed to give you this . Harkonnen patrols are in the area . - They tracked our thopter . - They called you Liet . You 're the one , aren 't you ? The one who 's never seen , the one who may not even exist at all . Their leader . I prefer the term guide to leader . Guiding them ? Until Mahdi comes . Harkonnen thopters approaching . Milord . - You 're coming with us ? - No . - They 'll kill you . - Me ? I 'm Dr. Kynes . I work for the Emperor , you remember ? I 'll just say I was your hostage . Milord , please . I must remain with the Fremen , Milord , as I promised your father . Just hold on . We can 't lose them . Paul , the storm . We can 't go into that . We have no choice . Nothing survives one of those storms . Unless they want to die , they won 't follow us in , will they ? I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . I will face my fear , and I will let it pass through me . When the fear is gone there will be nothing . Only I will remain . There is a legend that the night House Atreides lostArrakis a star exploded in the skies above their homeland on Caladan . But , the saga of Dune was far from over . End of Part one of tree Why do you hate them ? The Bene Gesserits ? I don 't hate them . I don 't trust them . I am a Mentat . I trust logic and statistics , not mysticism and prophecy . Attention . All Atreides personnel , restriction to quarters now in effect . Please prepare for departure . Spacing Guild navigator docking central transportpart . This zone is restricted . Repeat . Spacing Guild navigator docking central transportpart . This zone is restricted . I didn 't mean to intrude . Forgive me , Milady . I was enjoying the morning . For a moment , I could imagine my wife walking there . My Suk conditioning is supposed to rid me of such unstable emotions as hope . Still , it 's all I have left . We have spies everywhere , Dr. Yueh . If she 's still alive we 'll find her . Seems almost a sacrilege wasting one 's water in a land starved for it . Well , I 'm sorry we dragged you here to this dangerous place . I came willingly , Milady . This is a different kind of man . He risked his life and that of his son to save the men instead of the spice . A leader like that could have commanded fanatic loyalty . Little is known about the sandworms thatinhabit the desert regions ofArrakis . Itis known that worms are drawn to the vibration and noise of mining activity . However , there is no direct evidence linking desert worms to spice production . Needs a new dew collector . Dew collector ? Chromaplastic . At night it cools very fast . In the morning , daylight heats it . The surface condenses moisture out of the air and it trickles down to keep the plants alive . - A simple beauty . - A meaningless beauty . In such a godforsaken place . We deal here with the law of the minimum . Unless we learn to live with it , conditions can never change . Are you saying that conditions here could change ? Favourable conditions ? To change the ecology of the planet ? That depends . On what ? On who the steward of the desert is . Perhaps one day the person will come who will understand who will see the future and know what can be . The one who will change Arrakis : The Mahdi . Why not ? One 's fiercest competition comes from one 's own kind . They eat from the same bowl . No prisoners . So , as soon as the city is pacified , Piter remove all of the Sardaukar troops to our frigate . No trace of the Emperor 's involvement must ever be found here . Piter . A pity she has to remain gagged . She has such a magnificent mouth . A pretty mouth with the sting of a scorpion . We know all about your Bene Gesserit witchery , my dear . Perhaps I should cut your vocal cords and then Piter could have his way with you . But then again , perhaps not . No blood on my hands . I have no idea what happened to you . So when I see the Emperor 's wrinkled old bitch of a truthsayer I suppose I 'll just have to say , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " Don 't know . " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " Aim for the desert . Let the worms clean up the mess . The bodies must never be found . Not long . The storm passed a little while ago . It was Yueh . He 's the one who betrayed us . They had his wife . You should put it on , Paul . You 're the duke now . We have to get out of here . I found some supplies stowed in the compartment by the hatch : Paracompass , vision goggles , stillsuits . - But where will we go ? - To find the Fremen . Fremen ? We 're going to need them to take back Arrakis . How do we know which way to go ? South . That 's into the deep desert . There were rumours of sietch communities there . That 's where we 'll find the Fremen or die trying . I 'm all right . It 's just the stress . I 'm fine . Please , Your Majesty , please . You must control your anger . Did you think I wouldn 't find out ? Or did you think I would just be too simple-minded to see the truth ? Leave us alone . What happened on Arrakis was beyond my control , Daughter . An ancient feud between royal houses . Don 't patronise me , Father . Isn 't it enough that you used me ? Used you ? Sending me to the duke as a token of your support making me a courier of your esteemed respect ... - ... while you were plotting behind his back . - Quiet , child . Or was that your idea , Fenring ? That would be something your perverse mind would suggest . - Watch your tongue , girl . - And what will you do if I don 't ? Send me into the desert to die like that poor boy and his mother ? No one sent them anywhere . They fled . Despite the Baron 's efforts he assures me he did everything he could to secure them from harm . You were involved , Father . I know you were . Or at least you did nothing to prevent it . Enough ! There will come a time , Daughter when you will have to shed this naiveté of yours and learn what it means to rule an empire . And when that time comes , Father you may learn to regret it . It 's only another few kilometres , that 's all . Hurry , we don 't have much time . The sun will soon be up full . We 'll have some shade in here . If there are Harkonnen patrols this far out , they 'll have a tough time spotting us . Such a pity . A pity that you had to get mixed up in this business , Doctor . I 'm not mixed up in it , Baron . I 'm the Emperor 's servant , nothing more and nothing less . So you did not lead them to that warren of Fremen scum ? That was Idaho 's idea . - He had forged a friendship with them . - Yes . We know all about Idaho and his efforts on the duke 's behalf . A foolish , desperate gambit . And where was that Fremen trash when he needed them ? What will you say when the Emperor questions you about what happened here ? What 's your impression ? The desert is an indiscriminate executioner , Baron . I suppose that Bene Gesserit whore and her spawn have found that out , haven 't they ? Be sure he recalls his flimsy denials when he 's face to face with death 's sweet smile . Muad 'dib . Tell me about the waters ofyour homeland , Muad 'dib . On Caladan we ruled by air and sea , Paul . But here , on Arrakis , you need desertpower . - It 's calling to you . - Tell me about the waters . Tell me about the waters ofyour homeland , Muad 'dib . It 'll be night soon . We 'll move on . Did you get any rest ? Some . - How are you feeling ? - Better . Try not to slow us down as much tonight . How is my sister ? I 'm having dreams again . Visions . Even when I 'm awake . I 've seen her , Mother , inside of you . Even your father didn 't know . Why not ? There wasn 't time . What have you done to me ? - I gave birth to you . - A freak . - No , not a freak . - Then what ? This place is changing me . It 's the spice . It 's in the air we breathe , in the food we eat . I can 't escape it . Drink it all . The best place to conserve water is in your body . The stillsuit will do the rest . If we stay on this dune we 'll reach those mountains a lot sooner . Is that a good idea ? It 's the most direct path . You all right ? Yes . Hold on . That shouldn 't have happened . I was careless about these dunes . We lost our paracompass . Can you hear that ? It 's a worm ! It must have heard the sand fall . Run ! Just run ! - I can 't see it ! - Don 't stop ! A thumper ? Someone called it away . Did you smell it ? The cinnamon smell . The spice . Everywhere . When the worm came . There had to have been people for this many plants to survive . Fremen . We have to find them . Most intruders here regret finding the Fremen . Don 't run , intruders . There is no escape . I know you . You 're Stilgar the Fremen who came to see my father with Duncan Idaho . That was a sloppy crossing you made from the crash . You called a worm . You were watching us ? - All of that time ? - We didn 't see you . - You weren 't meant to . - We 're wasting time here , Stil . - This is the boy Liet told us to seek . - How can you be sure ? - I say we take their water and move on . - Be quiet , Jamis . As you can hear , I have a problem to solve . My people are cautious and pragmatic . Good qualities in the desert . Better sometimes to miss an opportunity than invite disaster . Your only value at the moment is the water in your flesh . You know the law , Stil . Yes . The law . Tell them to stop hunting my son . Tell them . Leave off ! Leave the boy alone ! Do you hear me ? Is this the way you welcome friends of Liet ? Is it ? As leader of this tribe I 'm offering the Weirding woman and her son sanctuary . No Fremen will lay a hand on you while you have my protection . For how long ? Don 't be a fool , woman . You 're fugitives from the Harkonnen . Don 't be fugitives from us as well . Merciful God ! I 've heard of the Weirding ways . Imagine what a man could do with it . No doubt we have much to teach each other . You can come down , boy ! Your mother has shown her worth . He won 't move unless I say so . Discipline . Good . He 's here ! He is unharmed . We are coming down . Leave me alone . Made a lot of noise climbing . He has much to learn . - Stilgar . - Can you travel , Jamis ? He surprised me , that 's all . - Of course I can travel . - Good . We have now two with us who are not trained . In squad lines with flankers . We have to make Cave of Ridges before full sun . Chani , you will be responsible for him . My name is Paul . Only until we give you a new one . Follow me . Do exactly as I do . Across there is home Sietch Tabr . We 'll be there tomorrow . Tomorrow ? That must be hundreds of kilometres from here . It will be a hard ride . Sun will be up soon . Patrols sometimes come this far . We can 't let them see us . When you give us your stillsuits , we will recover your water for you . Here is some food . Spice . We don 't have delicacies from the cities like you are used to . It 's fine . She 's the one , isn 't she ? The one you 've seen in your dreams ? I can tell by the way you stare at her . I don 't know what it means . Be careful , Paul . We are new to these people as they are to us . Everything we say and do must be careful . Predicting the future , then plotting to make it so . These are superstitious people . If we are to survive , it will be best to accommodate their legends . I 'm the steward of the sand . I am a desert creature . A desert creature . Not finished yet ! Still have work to do ! The pre-spice mass . I am a desert crea- - Spice blow . Somewhere to the east . A large field from the looks of it . We have to send gatherers before Harkonnen pirates come for it . You harvest the spice ? For bribes to the Spacing Guild . It 's Liet 's wish . We pay them to keep our skies free of their satellites so that no one can know what we are doing here . You will learn . Amtal ! I invoke amtal . Jamis . What is this ? His way of dealing with what happened the other night . That was an accident . He bested me because there was witch-force at Tuono basin . Amtal ! It 's my right ! We must not interfere . Jamis has called him out . You 're starting something you 're going to regret . - Stilgar . - You must step back . Ifyou know what 's good foryou , you 'll find an honourable way to leave this thing alone . Silence ! I invoke silence . She 's trying to put a spell on me . If you try that again , we know it 's your witchcraft . I won 't be able to protect you or the boy anymore . Come . You can 't stop this . A crysknife , our ritual weapon . Use it well . May your blade chip and shatter . I 'm going to bathe this knife with your blood . First , you 'll have to find my blood . - Do you yield ? - Yield ? There is no yielding . It 's to the death , boy ! - He 's never had to kill . - What ? Then he 'd better learn . Finish . Don 't toy with him . He 's bested Jamis . This didn 't have to happen . It is our way . Your way . Killing each other . No man recognises leadership without the challenge of combat . There is a legend among us that a voice from the out-world will come . The Mahdi . He will hold the key to our future . It is said that a Bene Gesserit will be his mother . A Sayyadina . Friend of God . There are rumours about you and your son . From the city . Liet . You hope I am that one ? That Paul is ? I hope and I fear . If it 's true , your boy will have to call me out one day to challenge me for the leadership of the tribe . The huanui is prepared . It 's time . It 's our way . From water does all life begin . The flesh belongs to the person but his water belongs to the tribe . I was a friend of Jamis . When the hawk plane fell upon us at Hole-in-the-Rock it was Jamis who pulled me to safety . I was a friend of Jamis . I was a friend of Jamis . I was a friend of Jamis . He taught me that when you kill you pay for it . He sheds tears . He gives water to the dead . Jamis carried 33 litres of the tribe 's water . Counted and measured . Combat water is entrusted to the winner . Because you fight without stillsuit you may regain the water you lost fighting . May you guard it for the tribe , preserve it against loss be generous with it in time of need . May you pass it on in your time for the good of the tribe . Needs a naming now , Stil . It 's time . What would you have us call you , young Atreides ? By what name do you wish Fremen to know you ? What is the name of that little mouse ? The one in the desert . The one that jumps . Muad 'dib . Is that the name you wish ? Yes . Muad 'dib . Wise in the ways of the desert . Hiding from the sun . Travelling at night . Muad 'dib . A fine choice . So , from now on you will be addressed as Muad 'dib . Wait for my signal . Then you must do exactly as I do . Your lives will depend on it . There . Get ready . What is that ? The one who will come . Mahdi . It 's the gatherer Stilgar sent to the spice blow . Give her some time , Muad 'dib . Liet is dead . - We found his remains at the spice blow . - Doctor Kynes is dead ? Harkonnen treachery . She loved her father very much . It needs a new dew collector . Tell me about the waters of your homeland , Muad 'dib . We had rivers of it . Great flowing veins of water . From the snows of mountains into lakes so wide you couldn 't see the other side . Oceans of water . Our home was on the coast . Great waves would hurl themselves against the cliffs . They used to put me to sleep . My father had a dream , Muad 'dib . A dream that one day we could change this place make it more like your homeland . Windtrap . Plenty of moisture this morning . My father is at peace . Muad 'dib . We have thousands of these caches . Only a few of us know them all . I know this place . - No off-worlder has ever seen it . - I have . In my dreams . This is the water we will use to change the face of Arrakis . As my father taught us the voice from the out-world will come . The Mahdi . We will make a paradise of Arrakis . And no man shall ever want for water again . Just as you said , Stil . Harkonnen greed for spice is the most reliable beacon in the universe . - Reconnaissance team on the ground . - Ground recon proceed to spice patch . Anyone else hear that ? We didn 't even have to damage the thopter . The men will fly it to our caves at Bight . That was our last communication . No mayday or wreckage when we went to investigate . That 's the third thopter this month ! The patch turned out to be mock spice . - It was probably a plant to lure them there . - Fremen scum ! We caught these last night , a village near the rimwall known to be desert sympathisers . Mercy , Governor . We are refugees . - We need food . - Liar ! Spies ! That 's what you are ! Spies for the Fremen scum ! Fremen scum who raid my spice warehouses ! - Who destroy royal equipment ! - No . We are poor . We have no weapons . He was trying to dispose of this when we caught him . Send words to the filth of the desert ! Tell them what you witness here ! Tell them this is what awaits them ! Mahdi ! Put that away , Feyd , and come here . I want you to see this . The latest love letter from your brother . Mahdil Appears to be enjoying himself . The moron 's appetite for killing never ceases to amaze me . By the time he 's finished , there won 't be a population left to rule . Cheer up , lovely boy . I merely allow him to brutalise them , to savage them , until you arrive the handsome Feyd , to rescue them from the beast , Rabban . They will be ripe for you , lovely boy . Feyd , the saviour . There will be cheering in the streets . You can even give them your brother 's head as a gift , if you like . And then you will squeeze , like the grips of a vice so our treasuries become fat with the profit of spice . No man recognises leadership without the challenge of combat . It is the way . Call him out ! What do you see Muad 'dib when you go away like that ? Where is it you go ? Many places , Stil . Many roads . Many choices . These choices are good or bad ? It 's hard to know sometimes . Either they are good choices or bad choices . Aren 't you ever afraid , Stil ? Of storms ? Of the future . The future , Muad 'dib , just is . They 're like ghosts ! Everywhere ! Need immediate evacuation ! They just keep coming ! Need immediate evacuation ! We are ready , Muad 'dib . Muad 'dib , it 's time . We must hurry . He 's waiting , Reverend Mother . - Who else knows he 's here ? - No one . He made it clear on his arrival that we should summon you and no other . The other witches must leave . As you wish . This visit is as indiscreet as it is unexpected . Let 's hope the Emperor 's curiosity isn 't aroused . The Emperor 's suspicions are easily moderated by his dependence on our services . As you are so fond of reminding us . The navigators are concerned . - Concerned ? - They are disturbed about the future . There is a problem on the horizon . What kind of problem ? They are troubled by a nexus they can 't fully explore an intersection of events a meeting of countless delicate decisions beyond which lies a path they cannot see . And where is this nexus ? Planet Arrakis . House Harkonnen controls Arrakis now . The Atreides are dead . It is not a matter of feuding royal houses . We sense a higher order interfering . A misstep could be catastrophic . Then we understand one another . Completely . We 'll do what we can . I thought I felt something . The spice must flow . The balance of power must be maintained . The smugglers transport our spice tribute to the cursed Spacing Guild . The Emperor never knows . But bribes are dangerous , Stil . They have a way of getting larger . The safe way is the slow way , Muad 'dib . Bribes keep the skies of our sietches clear . Bribes buy us time . Something wrong , Muad 'dib ? I thought I saw someone I knew . I 'll call them in . Tell them to hold the smugglers ' departure . No , Stil . Let them go . I must have been mistaken . Gurney . My father 's patience is wearing thin . These troubles on Arrakis are proving difficult to manage and our time is running short . I want you to make arrangements for a trip to Giedi Prime . Milady ? The Baron 's nephew is having a birthday celebration . The Emperor ought to be represented , don 't you think ? I 'm in the mood for a party . Besides , it 's time to shed some of this naiveté . You 've heard the voices from your sietches . They say the Mahdi has come . But you the naibs of your tribes are still cautious . You resist . But I am offering you the future . The future as Liet saw it . - How do you know what Liet saw ? - Because I 've seen it . Here . And here . And once we rid Arrakis of the vile Harkonnen we can complete his dream . I promise this . Arrakis will become the paradise Liet imagined . You 'll never rid Arrakis with guerrilla raids , boy . It will take all-out war . That 's why I 'm asking you for hundreds of your best young men . I want to give them the Weirding way so they can come back to you and train hundreds more . So those hundreds can train hundreds more . And then hundreds will become thousands ! The Fedaykin . A force to rival the dreaded Sardaukar . A force to terrify the Emperor himself ! My father once told me that here on Arrakis one needed desert power to rule . You are desert power and nothing can stop you if you believe . So you are the one . Jessica of the Weirding , our Reverend Mother Ramallo . Mapes said you were beautiful . She also said she pitied you . I need no one 's pity . That remains to be seen . There is much talk of you in the sietches . I hear the people speaking of the Mahdi . I hear them shout the name Muad 'dib . He is a natural leader like his father . The men admire his courage . It will take more than courage to survive what 's coming . The boy he knows what it is that 's happening here ? He is aware . You 've exploited our legends well . We had to survive . And you may for a while . But remember this : the very legend which protects you can also destroy you . - How are you feeling ? - Well . Tired sometimes . Healthy . And growing fast . I saw the one they call the Reverend Mother . Yes . She came from the southern sietch . - Why ? - To see me . To see you . She 's Bene Gesserit . One of our missionaries . Convenient . Stilgar says you 've learned much . He 's tougher than Hawat ever was . Chani is happy to see you , I noticed . Why didn 't you marry him , Mother ? Because I loved him . As long as your father remained unmarried some of the great houses could still hope for an alliance through marriage . We both knew what that meant . - There were no illusions . - You would have allowed it ? I would have encouraged it . Politics . Yes . Politics . While I was on the hajra I had dreams about this garden . Except it wasn 't here , it was somewhere else . Was I there ? Yes . And there were children playing , very happy . A wonderful dream . Do you think it 's possible to love someone enough you 'd be willing to give that person up ? I think there are times when it 's necessary to share the one you love with things greater than both of you . Everything is connected , one thing to another . The living and the dead , the animate and the inanimate . A system . All parts functioning to serve the whole . Smell the air , Muad 'dib . Cinnamon . The pre-spice mass is below us . Maybe 100 feet or more , but ripe . The Maker has left her nest long ago . Her children have joined together for survival . They have grown . They are losing water now . It will mix with their waste . If enough has accumulated a giant bubble of foam will heave up with tremendous force . A spice blow . Trading places with the sands above . The sun and heat will dry it out and soon ... . - Spice . - Treasure of the universe . The worm is the spice . So now you know . Many of the little makers will die in the blow . The rest will swim off to become Shai-hulud , the Great Worm . We may capture a few . Keep them stunted for Water of Life . That 's enough for now . When religion and politics ride in the same cart the whirlwind follows . You are the Kwisatz Haderach , boy . The one who can be many places at once . You are the whirlwind . It 's almost night , Muad 'dib . Time to return to the sietch . You 've been dreaming . Too impatient , Farok . You moved too soon . Try again . Watch his posture . Even the slightest change in his breathing gives you advantage . Better , Farok . You 'll have it soon . I am Otheym . These are my brothers from Sietch Gara Kulan . We 've come to find the one who calls himself Muad 'dib . You 're a long way from your tribe , Otheym . We 've come to join your crusade . We want to learn the Weirding way . We want to become Fedaykin . - You have the blessing of your naib ? - We do . - We could fight as Muad 'dib . - I believe you . Let their waters join with ours . I must congratulate you on the perfection of your heir , Baron . He faces his 100th slave gladiator in the arena this afternoon . He appears ready . Well then , perhaps we might take this opportunity to conduct our conversations . There is much to discuss . Indeed . If that meets with your approval , Milady . I am quite entertained here . Fine . By your leave , then . Harkonnen patrols have taken more risks ... Sooner or later our bribes to the Guild won 't be enough to protect us . Then it 's agreed . We move with the next moons . When the Harkonnen find this place there must be nothing left but the wind howling through the rocks . There is no turning back now . Subdue the Maker . The Maker is dead . The Water of Life . May Shai-hulud have mercy on both of us . When night falls again , we have to leave this sietch that has sheltered us for so long . We must go south into the deep desert where the demon Harkonnen will not pursue us . But our Reverend Mother will not survive another hajra . So that we don 't have to make the journey without her strength and guidance Sayyadina Jessica has consented to undergo the rites at this time . This is dangerous and Jessica may fail . So that we don 't lose all , Chani daughter of Liet , will be consecrated as Sayyadina Friend of God . I consecrate the daughter of Liet in the Sayyadina . Here is the Water of Life , the water that will free your soul . If you are our Reverend Mother , the universe will open to you . Let Shai-hulud judge now . You must drink it now . What 's happening to her ? The water is poisoned until she changes it . This must take its course . Mother ? Mother ? Do not go there . Thatis the place we cannotlook . The place only the Kwisatz Haderach may go . You must turn away , Jessica , orit will drive you mad . Don 't be afraid . I have much to show you . Here is my life , Jessica of the Weirding . And the lives that have come before , they are yours now . You are pregnant . You should have told us . Holy Mothers , what have we done ? This changes you both . Your daughteris in danger . Take herinto your arms . She mustsee all that we see . Thatis the only way you can save her . Change the waters , Jessica . You must change them now . The plan was perfect in its simplicity and viciousness . Of course it was . You helped your uncle design it , didn 't you ? Duke Leto thought he was gaining control of Arrakis but he was only being fattened up for sacrifice . The kill , Feyd . Tell me about the kill . Swift and merciless . The Atreides never had a chance . The Sardaukar had the palace sealed within hours . The Sardaukar . I sent the final communiqué to your father myself . Mother ? Yes ? Mother Ramallo is gone . But she remains . You have changed the waters . Now we know you cannot be false . Paul ? The Reverend Mother has changed the Water of Life . It 's now safe for us to drink ! You 're trembling . I 'm afraid . Of what ? Of you . You make me see things . What do you see ? I see us together . There is a great storm . I have a child in my arms . Our child , Muad 'dib . It 's not a dream . I know you , Chani . I 've always known you . We 've sat upon a rock above the sands and I 've eased your fears . We 've caressed in the darkness of the sietch . We 've grown old together . The son and his mother , the duke 's concubine and her son what did you do with them ? Lost in the storm , devoured by the desert . You found their bodies and disposed of them ? Never found them . You never found the bodies ? History will say that the Fremen were about to find their messiah . That Paul Atreides would find his revenge and the world , as we knew it , would change forever . The saga of Dune war far from over . End of Part two of tree Come . You summoned me , Highness ? - I have a special errand for you , Farrah . - I 'm here to serve , Milady . I 'm sending you to the Harkonnen planet , Giedi Prime . I want you to insinuate yourself among the fat Baron 's family . His nephew , Feyd , the narcissistic type should be especially amenable to your expert charms . And how will you want me to use him ? I want to know what happened the night Duke Leto and his family were killed . I want to know how it was planned who was involved and I want to know who the Harkonnen allies were . I 'll do my best . I 've no doubt of that . Sayyadina ? I 'm awake , Chani . Has there been any word , a courier perhaps ? No . The raids are in the Haga basin . They won 't risk communication until they are deep across the bled . - Forgive me , Sayyadina . - Was there something else ? No . It 's just your skin . My skin ? We 've heard the stories about off-worlders the ones who come from water planets . Skin so moist it 's like cream . - Muad 'dib 's skin is like that . - Paul ? Muad 'dib is still a boy . I mean , he still has the glow of youth . Yes . I say my prayers for his safe return . We both do , Chani . She is not going ! I 'm not going to allow that headstrong , meddlesome child loose in Babylon . My God , what a catastrophe that would be . The eldest daughter of the lmperial House ensnared by the likes of Harkonnen and his dreadful progeny . Yes , catastrophe indeed . But perhaps the seducer could be seduced . The more we know of the Baron 's schemes , the more we are prepared for the endgame . Our operatives on Giedi Prime have limited access . Your daughter , on the other hand has proved quite adept at intelligence gathering . Gently chaperoned , I should think she 'd prove quite useful once again . What other house would have been willing to humiliate itself so the Emperor could rid himself of a troublesome duke ? He 's been asking himself that very question . Are you suggesting that the Emperor contemplates a move against me ? Speculation is not a worthy science , Baron . Better we spend our energy on what 's most important . The spice must flow . I must say I 've always found Harkonnen architecture rather curious . Sound the alarm ! Disperse the men to the safe houses . Get word to Stilgar . We 'll evacuate the city tomorrow . Halt ! Turn around . Papers ! I said your papers , you scum- - There 's a tunnel out of the city , at the foot of the steps . The blessings of Muad 'dib be with you and your family . Your plan worked , Muad 'dib . Now they know we can strike them at will . We could take the city in an hour . It 's not time . But they are vulnerable , Muad 'dib . Not yet . The advance unit found something in the chaos , Muad 'dib . Something you should see . There was a secret crematorium in one of the Harkonnen barracks . And this was all of your father that was left . The men think it 's an omen , a sign that our final battle with the Harkonnen is at hand . Your visions frighten me , Muad 'dib . There are things still hidden from me . Places I can 't go , things I can 't see . Do you ever worry that just trying to see the future changes it ? We 're speeding toward the abyss , Chani . I have to see a way around it . Perhaps it 's time for me to leave . I 've been away from our son too long . We 'll make arrangements once we reach Cave of Ridges . We will be there after the next raids . Will we ever have peace , Muad 'dib ? We 'll have victory . I 'm sorry , Milord . He said you must come at once . Do you really take me for that much of a fool , boy ? I don 't understand , Uncle . What kind of poison did you choose , boy ? Something slow and painful , I assume so you could watch ? Tell me , Feyd , why didn 't you simply assassinate me yourself ? You had plenty of opportunity to . You taught me that my own hands must always remain clean . Quick boy , very quick . You 're good material , Feyd , and I hate to waste good material . Now , give me one good reason why I shouldn 't kill you right here . My brother . Yes . That 's right . Your dim brother . If I kill you , then he would be my only heir . He can 't even put down a dirty mob of religious lunatics . Yes , you 're clever , Feyd . But not that clever . And don 't get any ideas , Feyd . My men have you in their sights even as we speak . Don 't worry . If I 'd wanted you dead you 'd never have made it down the hall . You 're going to let me live ? I can 't very well leave the wealth of Arrakis to someone who 's dead . What wealth ? Every communiqué brings news of another Fremen raid . By the time my idiot of a brother is through the Emperor himself will have to intervene . You 're not as dim as I thought . You intend to draw the Emperor himself into this ? You see , this is why you need me , Feyd to help you think , to help you plot . Why do you think I tolerate the incompetence of your brother ? Because it amuses me ? Think , Feyd . Think . There is method to this madness , even though you 've been too dull to divine it . The spice . Of course the spice . The one thing that could possibly draw the Emperor away from his imperial pleasures , out into the wastelands of the Empire where he is vulnerable , where he can be destroyed . And Duke Leto was just the beginning , the prelude to a move on the imperial throne itself . But timing is everything , beautiful boy . Patience is our ally . We must not make the Emperor suspicious with foolishness like this . So , what will it be ? I give you my pledge . Good . Now let the Emperor mock House Harkonnen , call us swine because in the end , his throne will be mine . That 's it Hannah . Good . Good , Hannah . Another healthy fighter for the cause . Alia , you were told to wait . He looks like Mitha 's son . How can you know that , child ? The slaughter on Bela Tegeuse is history . You weren 't even born . But , Mother , I saw it , and it 's true . Yes , it 's true . I hate them . Alia . They stare at me . They whisper when I pass . It hurts my feelings . They 're confused , Alia . You frighten them . Because I 'm a freak . You 're not a freak . Who has said that ? No one . Then don 't you ever say it again . My children are not freaks . But I can 't help it . I just know things , things I shouldn 't know , but I just do . It was a cruel thing I did to you , Alia . I took the Water of Life when you were still in my womb . No one should ever be wakened to consciousness as you were . But we 'll make them understand , Alia . We 'll make them see that you 're not just a little girl that you 've never really been one . I want my brother . What is it ? He came to challenge you in open combat . You killed him ? I took care of it . But he came to challenge me . He wasn 't worthy , Muad 'dib . Otheym , get Stilgar . Tell him to summon the Maker . There is only one way to stop these challenges . You know what this will mean , between you and Stil . The men will want you to call him out . Only if I survive the Maker . Just remember what I 've taught you . Do it simply and directly . - Nothing fancy . - I 'll remember . Stand close enough that you can mount when he passes . - Not so close that he 'll crush you . - I 'll remember . You will hear him before you see him . When you take your stand , you must become completely still . You must become a dune in your very essence . Stil . I 'll remember . See that you do . Fremen ride the worm by the time they are 12 . I don 't want an old man like you shaming my teaching . He won 't fail . I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . I will face my fear . I will let it pass through me . Only I will remain . He is too close . He 's not leaving enough room . I can second him . It 's allowed , even in the test . No . He must do this alone . He is turning it . He is turning it ! Take positions ! It is our turn now , Muad 'dib . You and me . I don 't think I 've ever seen one that big . Look , there . Spice . We 've never come so far south . The Fremen would never allow this . No choice . The Spacing Guild 's buying up all the spice there is . Nothing left for us . This is a rich patch . I 'll call the harvester . Get some men up on those rocks first . The Harkonnen patrols won 't be this far out . It 's not the Harkonnen I 'm worried about . I 'll be damned . A false patch . Get the men back on board ! Put the knife away , Gurney Halleck . Who is it that knows the name of Gurney Halleck ? Paul , is it truly Paul ? You young pup ! Young pup ! Gurney-man . So you 're the reason the Fremen have gotten so clever . I 'd never have expected you to fall for such a simple trick , Gurney . Desperate times , Milord . Harkonnen patrols have forced us south , deeper and deeper . Where you might 've seen things you shouldn 't . This is Gurney Halleck , Stil . My father 's weapons master . One of my teachers . There aren 't many of us who haven 't heard the name Gurney Halleck . This is Stilgar , Gurney , the naib of our sietch . Muad 'dib feel the wind . " " Muad 'dib " " ? " - You 're the one they call Muad 'dib ? - It 's my Fremen name . Come , we 'll talk of all these things while we wait out the storm . Storm ? We didn 't see any signs . It comes soon . Trust me . What happens to my men ? We 'll decide what to do with them after the storm . We 'll have to hurry if we 're going to save the thopter . This is one of the things you should not have seen . You have many such hiding places ? Many times many . We call this one Cave of Ridges . Would you like me to bring coffee ? Yes . And more food . Your woman ? The mother of my first-born . So much has happened . The boy I knew has now become a man . Thanks to our enemies . Cowards . They hide in their cities in garrisons , hoping you will wear yourself out with useless raids . In other words , they 're immobilised . While you know where , and when you choose . A tactic I learned from you , Gurney-man . What about your men ? Smugglers , all . Good men . Some newcomers . Off-worlders . It 's hard to find recruits these days . Any of my father 's men ? Those that weren 't butchered by the Harkonnen bribed whoever they could to leave Arrakis . Everyone thought ... . We all believed you were dead , Milord . But you stayed . Awaiting an opportunity for vengeance . I knew we 'd be reunited , Gurney . I saw it . You 're the only one left to me , Milord . Hawat , Idaho , your father : All dead , all betrayed . I would 've gladly have sacrificed myself if I could 've taken the traitor with me . My father once spoke about desert power , Gurney . I remember well . Well , you 've just met it . The surface of this planet is ours . No storm , no worm , not even the Emperor 's Sardaukar could stop us now . Enlist with me , Gurney . Feed on revenge with us . Enlist ? I never left your service . That stupid swine seems almost begging for me to intervene . The Baron is a pig , Father , but he is not stupid . Rabban has lost almost 50,000 troops in the past two years . - Arrakis is a fierce planet . - Attrition cannot explain such losses . He 's losing five-to-one . Read between the lines . You are saying the Baron is allowing this rebellion to continue ? I 'm saying the Baron can count as well as we . For the sake of argument , what if there were only 20,000 people in a Fremen sietch ? And what if there were only 250 such communities on the whole of Arrakis ? Our spies are suggesting there may be twice that many . Yes . Ten million . Toughened by conditions worse than your own prison planet , Father . Yes , but brutalised by that mindless thug , Rabban . They would never ally with him . Perhaps this brutality is simply part of something more cunning . A clever prelude to ripen them up for someone else . Someone to come and rescue them from Rabban . Someone like the other nephew , the cute one , Feyd . If such a plan succeeded the Baron would have a force to rival even your dreaded Sardaukar . Summon Harkonnen to Kaitain . We shall see what devices this perverse mind is breeding . Your Highness has a perceptive mind . Shall I take that as a compliment or a threat , Fenring ? I meant it only as a sign of my respect . I share your fear of the Baron 's schemes . My father can handle the Baron , Fenring . It is this Muad 'dib I 'm curious about . Halt ! He caught Korba from behind , Muad 'dib . One of my newcomers . - Sardaukar . - Not a chance . The only possible explanation if he overcame Korba . Submit , Captain . Submit , Captain . Sardaukar . - Gurney . - Let me kill him , Milord . No . Gurney Halleck is right . We must take his water . Otheym , see that he 's not harmed . We 'll have use for him soon . Chani , now you can return to the southern sietch . I want you to bring my mother here . Your mother ? Milord , we were told she was taken by the Harkonnen . That she is dead . She is very much alive , old friend . And you will see her soon . Come . We have another raid to plan . Muad 'dib never sleeps . They say Muad 'dib never eats . They believe he can see into the future . They believe he cannot be killed . - No one has ever seen him ? - No , Highness . Though many claim they have . Sometimes in several places , at the same time . But what does he look like ? I want to know what he looks like . No one will say for sure . Perhaps he doesn 't even exist . Perhaps he 's just a legend . A ghost . There were no such things as ghosts . We were able to jam their signals . No communications escaped , but I think you should see this . The Guild agent . Quite a distance from the comforts on Kaitain . May I remind you that I am protected by the lmperial Treaties for Commerce by the C.H.O.A.M. Declaration , paragraph 12 , subparagraph D and by Articles 3 , 8 and 14 of the Great Convention , which- - Imperial law is void where Muad 'dib stands . - The forms must be obeyed . - Be quiet . Shall we take their waters now , Muad 'dib ? We have surrendered without resistance . We have put our lives at your mercy . Mercy is a word I no longer understand . Milord . Tell me . Are there many Guild agents on Arrakis these days ? We are neutral in the matters between you and the Harkonnen . Are there ? Arrakis is crawling with them . Buying up the spice as if there was precious little left . You 're afraid , aren 't you ? The spice must flow . Otheym , disarm their thopters . Fuel them only as much as needed to reach Arrakeen . You are letting them go ? Take a message to your masters . Tell them your fight is hopeless . Tell them the forces of Muad 'dib cannot be defeated . Tell them the days are numbered . The men are going to question your intentions . The men , Stil , can 't possibly imagine what my intentions are . Gurney . Your son shares a bond with this man . It runs very deep . Very deep . The kind only men can have . And my little man . You are so thin . Is he being fed enough ? His appetite is as healthy as any I 've seen . He should be with the other children . I cherish the time I spend with my grandson . He can 't learn the ways of the sietch if he 's kept apart . There are things he must learn that extend beyond the ways of the sietch . There will be time enough to learn those things . Does Paul share that sentiment ? Muad 'dib relies on my judgement where our son is concerned . You have been a good companion to my son , Chani . But he is not like other men . - I 'm sure I know that better than most . - He is noble-born . The rightful heir to the House Atreides . An alliance with one of the other great houses must remain a possibility . You don 't have to worry , Reverend Mother . I will only do what 's best for him . Just as you did for your duke . Pleasure to see you again , Baron Harkonnen . So the Emperor seems to be entertaining some of the other royal houses as well . There is much to discuss . Really ? Your Majesty , these people are mad . The women throw their babies at us . They hurl themselves onto our weapons to open a wedge for their men to attack . Indeed . I can wipe the planet clean of the entire race , Your Majesty . But then , who would mine the spice ? It 's a terrible dilemma . Do you have any idea where this Muad 'dib character came from ? What he wants ? What his price is ? He 's a Fremen fanatic , a religious adventurer . They crop up regularly on the fringes of civilisation . Your Majesty knows this . Most seem simply bent on suicide . Have you ever stared into the eyes of a religious fanatic , Baron ? Suicide and martyrdom are often the same thing . It 's a dangerous game he 's playing . This rebellion must be crushed . Now . We agree . Something must be done , although we may not suggest what that is , of course . We cannot move on House Harkonnen unilaterally , Majesty . There are complications in our relationship . It 's time to draw this Muad 'dib into the open . Have the royal houses prepare their armies . We 're moving the royal palace to Arrakis , with the Guild 's approval , of course . They expect you to call Stilgar out . No man recognises leadership without the challenge of combat . Now that I 've ridden the worm , they think there 's nothing else in our way . Is there ? A man in a rush never sees the edge of the cliff until it 's too late . They don 't see any cliffs . You don 't allow them to . They have a simple religion . Nothing about religion is simple . - Isn 't it late to be worrying about that ? - We did- - I did what I had to do to ensure our survival . - You used them . - Yes . - So have you . - No . I 'm fulfilling the role destiny has chosen for me . You sound like you believe the legends about you . Like the Kwisatz Haderach ? What do you know about that ? Mother Ramallo called me that at Sietch Tabr , before she died . I was supposed to have a daughter . One that could be wed to the Harkonnen heir . A way to end the feud and possibly produce the Kwisatz Haderach . The one who can be many places at once . The ultimate achievement of centuries of Bene Gesserit breeding . The man who could go where we could not . The one with perfect memory , who could provide perfect predictability . And perfect power for the Bene Gesserit , of course . I did what I did because I loved your father . I only wanted to give him a son . I didn 't want to create a god . - Then you don 't believe it 's true ? - I 'm your mother , Paul . - I know who you are . - Do you ? Forgive me , Reverend Mother . Can I bring you anything ? Some food , perhaps ? Yes , thank you . And then I 'd like to see Gurney . You must find a way not to lose Stilgar . Come , Otheym . Thought you 'd escaped , witch ? - Gurney , what are you doing ? - I 'm your confessor . Take your hands off me . Here to unburden your black conscience of guilt before I send you into eternity . Gurney ! One more step , Milord , and I 'll finish it right now . You better explain yourself , Gurney . I 'll explain all right . The day the House Atreides fell , I swore an oath I would kill the one who betrayed your father . - You couldn 't be more wrong , Gurney . - Do not speak . - Gurney . - Stand where you are , Milord . Am I capable of lying to you ? You never have , Milord . The traitor was Yueh , Gurney . No . We have the confession in his own hand . And as soon as you release my mother , you can read it for yourself . Look me in the eye and tell me it wasn 't you . I will know if you are lying . I will know . I would 've given my life to save Leto . The day he died , my heart turned to stone . It was Yueh . They had his wife . My God , what have I done ? My God . Be still , Gurney , it 's over now . I didn 't see it coming . You need to rest , Muad 'dib . I didn 't know he would threaten her . I never saw it . He could 've killed her . This can 't go on . You are asking too much of yourself . I want you to take Leto and return to the southern sietch . I want you safe . I 'm safest when we are together . But I 'm not . Muad 'dib ! He 's alive . I assure you , he 's alive . But the thread of life is so thin , most think he 's not . - How long has he been this way ? - Almost to the day you left . Otheym found him . The experience has shaken him . I spent a week trying to revive him . But it 's been no use . There have been meetings , arguments . Some of the elders think it 's time to take his water . Who else knows ? Stilgar , the naibs , and the Fedaykin , of course . What do the Fedaykin think ? They think he 's in a sacred trance gathering his holy powers for the final battle . I 've encouraged this view . You have to help , Chani . You 're my last hope . Please , tell me what to do . The Fedaykin are right , Reverend Mother . Muad 'dib is in a trance . A dangerous trance . He has taken the Water of Life . The raw water of a drowned maker . I have not changed it yet . More could kill him . It 's our only hope . Muad 'dib . Beloved . Chani , what are you doing here ? Paul . I was outside just a moment ago . You drank the Water of Life . Yes . We thought you were dead . You have no idea . I have seen things there are not words to describe . You 've seen the future . The now , Mother . The future and the past . All at once . All the same . I am the whirlwind . Paul . I can 't go there . I 'm afraid . I 'm so afraid . - Itis the place we cannot go . - Thatis why I have come . You are the Kwisatz Haderach . No , Mother . I am something more . I am something unexpected . I am the fulcrum , the giver and the taker . I am the one who can be many places at once . I am the master of fate . I am the tool of fate . Reverend Mother ? Reverend Mother , are you sick ? I 'm fine . Now you understand . I 've decided we 're alike , you and me . Have you ? When this dusty little nuisance is over I 'll convince you . I 'd be confused if you didn 't try . I know . Yeah , that 's why we 're alike . We don 't like to be confused . We like to be certain . Sometime , remind me to tell you about the ancient legend of the Phoenix . That 's it , beautiful boy . You may find a way for us yet . She 'd make a fine trophy on Harkonnen linen , wouldn 't she ? The Padishah Emperor is here , in the space above us with his favourite truthsayer and legions of his Sardaukar . Every great house has its raiders here . The Baron Harkonnen is with them . But Muad 'dib , how can you know this ? I 've seen them . Milord , we only heard this morning from our smuggler allies . - You were unconscious . - Not unconscious ! Muad 'dib has seen through the Water of Life . Reverend Mother , is this true ? He has seen . Muad 'dib ! You are a voice from the outer world . You are the prophet sent to us by Shai-hulud . You must take your place , Muad 'dib . We 've waited long enough . You must do it now ! Do you live for the good of the tribe , Stilgar ? There is no other way . And for the good of the tribe , would you stand there and let me drive this blade into your heart ? - Call him out , Muad 'dib . - Call him out . - It is the way , Stilgar . - It is the way . It is the way . Ways change ! Hard tasks need hard ways . You must become our naib so you can lead us against the Harkonnen . And would you smash your knife before starting that war ? Will you cut off your right arm and leave it bloody on the floor ? Do you think the Mahdi is that stupid ? There isn 't a man among you who could stand against me in single combat Stilgar included . Must I prove it by calling out the naib of every sietch on the planet ? Must I cripple myself by killing our strongest and wisest leaders just for the sake of some mindless ritual ? You say I am the Mahdi . I say I am your duke ! And it 's time now to wipe Arrakis clean of the awful Harkonnen stench . Time to drive their name into the depths of hell so that we may reclaim the planet and create a paradise together ! As Liet taught us . As Liet taught us . Long live the duke . Long live Duke Paul Muad 'dib . Long live the fighters of Muad 'dib ! Long live the fighters of Muad 'dib ! The men have gathered the supplies . We 're almost ready to depart . - What are they waiting for ? - For permission . They know the Guild will strand any force that lands here without its consent . The Guild is protecting us ? They 're afraid , Stil . Afraid of what 's to come . They 're searching for a way out . They 're searching for me . What are we going to do ? Let them find me . Come , Otheym . I want you to choose several of your best men . Ones who you trust above all others . Separate them from the rest before we withdraw from here . As you wish . Send them to the reservoir in the Habbanya Erg . Have them collect the Water of Life we 've hidden there . Muad 'dib , I don 't understand . Those are changed waters hidden there in case something should happen to the Reverend Mother- - Have the men find a pre-spice mass , as large as possible . Have them plant the waters above the mass and wait for my orders . Do you realise what you 're asking me to do ? What you 've asked shall be done . The Baron insists the southern areas are uninhabitable . The Baron is mistaken . Fremen ? There have been reports . Only a few were investigated according to Harkonnen documents . Cost to profit too high apparently . Many thopters were lost . Even smugglers won 't venture there . Send a light attack force immediately . I want ground reconnaissance . Perhaps this Muad 'dib thinks he can continue to attack us then retreat into the wilderness where we dare not follow . I 'm about to strangle his options . Let all Fremen who pass here pause and pay homage to the shrine of Duke Leto Atreides and all those who have died in the service ofjustice . Gurney . Now all we need is a storm . A great-grandmother of a storm . Seems you 'll have one soon enough . From here the future will open , the clouds will part to reveal its glory . And it gives me no peace . I 've seen what you 've seen , Paul . I know what 's coming , what you 're about to let loose not just here on Arrakis , but across the entire universe- - But I am powerless to stop it . Are you ? A terrible purpose awaits us , Mother . This vast organism we call humanity is about to reinvent itself from the ashes of its own complacency . The sleeper has awakened . Anything that tries to stop it will be crushed . Even the innocent . There are no innocents anymore . Your father would never have spoken this way . I am not my father . You are his son . More than his son . Much more . Thanks to you . Take a good look at me , Mother . See something I learned after I took the Water of Life . Look into my eyes . Look back through them , into my blood . Harkonnen blood . Flowing in mine . It flows from you . I won 't believe it . Who was your father ? - Tell me . - You know I can 't- - Who ? I don 't know . I don 't know . - I have never known . - Because they hid it from you . Because they took me when I was an infant . Raised me in the Bene Gesserit ways like all the others before and since . None know their mothers , or their fathers . The Baron Harkonnen , Mother , you 're his daughter . The product of a clever seduction . The handiwork of your precious Bene Gesserit breeding programmes . I 'm his grandson . They wanted to control things . They couldn 't control you . You changed everything . You had a son and now I 'm here . The one they were seeking . But I 've arrived before my time , and they 're just beginning to realise it . They 're coming . Check that room . Over here . Leto ! Muad 'dib ? What is it ? Our son is dead . Will you look at that thing ? I count nine levels . The fool 's brought the whole palace with him . My dear Emperor , I 'm about to shatter your sanity . Then I 'm going to destroy you . Not a thopter in the sky . Everything 's being pulled in and tied down . They know a storm is coming . Time to let them know I 'm here . The Sardaukar Captain , alive and unharmed as you ordered . I am about to set you free . And you must take this with you . These are terms for surrender . They killed my son ! I can 't do this . You have no choice . Don 't be afraid . Good . Clean him up . Give him one of the Sardaukar uniforms we 've taken . Full-rank insignia . Let him face his master with dignity . You 're mad ! Do you know that ? After you return with the Emperor 's answer then we can discuss who is mad . The arrogance ! The utter lunacy ! Your Majesty , if I may suggest the time has come to loose the forces of the Empire against this scum . Shut your mouth . It 's you I have to thank for this mess . You and your hapless family , Baron . I really don 't think that this is the time to revisit old strategies . I said quiet ! So , he wants an answer , does he ? So , here he is , the fat Baron himself . He isn 't much , is he ? What is this ? Some kind of midget ? My dear Baron . Meet the sister of the one they call Muad 'dib . Their shields are going up . They 've given us their answer . The thumpers have been activated . It 's time , Gurney . Your Majesty , I had no idea . He 's lying , of course . Quiet , child . Make him afraid some more . It 's time to bring this sorry episode to a close . Time for your brother to surrender , as the prize for your life . No . I don 't take orders from you , old man . It 's not wise to be so impudent , child . You do not want to feel the full force of my power . I am beyond your power . Ask her . Kill her . Kill her now . She 's the Abomination . The one the ancients warned us about . What is this ? Look at her , Father . Can you not see it ? She is the daughter of Duke Leto . She is Atreides . Her brother is the duke 's son , Paul . He is the Muad 'dib . Impossible . Have faith . The endgame has already been written . Do it , Gurney . Do it now ! Kill her ! She 's in my mind ! Kill her ! My brother comes . The shield wall is breached , Your Majesty . The perimeter shields won 't hold against that . Majesty , we must fall back to space and reform . Give her body to the storm ! Let the storm have what it can take . I have her , Your Majesty ! Goodbye , Grandfather . You 've finally met the Atreides ' Gom Jabbar . Majesty , we must retreat ! Prepare my shuttle . Stilgar ! This way . Some of the dying asked to see the Reverend Mother . She is with them . This was my parents ' room . What little peace they had , after we came to Arrakis , was here . Tell me again about the waters of your homeland , Muad 'dib . Where water falls from the sky and plants grow so thick you can 't walk in between them . As Arrakis will be one day . Paid for with the blood of our people . Our fathers . Our son . He can never be replaced , Chani . But there will be other children . I promise . Is it over ? Almost . Perhaps my respected kinsman thinks he has things his own way now . There is a massed armada of the great houses in the space over Arrakis , young Atreides . I have but to give the word . Your word means nothing anymore . I am the Emperor ! Not for long . Dispatch orders to your navigators . You are to depart our space and return the fleet to its homes at once . The Guild does not take your orders . Tell them to look into the future . They will see me staring back at them ready to give the order . The order to destroy all spice production on this planet . My men are waiting in the desert . There is a particularly large and volatile pre-spice mass there . I need but raise my finger and the nest will be flooded with the changed Water of Life . Jessica ! What have you done to us ? Spreading death among the makers . Killing a cycle of life . Creating a chain reaction which will grow and grow until there are no makers left . Until there is no spice left . Jessica , silence him ! Silence him yourself . Can he do this ? They know I can do this . That 's what they 've feared the most . They 've been monitoring the signals my men have been sending . They know precisely where we are and what we can do . Without the spice the navigators will become blind the Bene Gesserit will lose all powers and all commerce among the great houses will cease ! Civilisation will end . If I am not obeyed the spice will not flow . But it will be suicide . I think we both know the way out of this difficulty , don 't we ? - Paul . - Do not interfere , Mother . This is for the good of us all . Never . An adventurer like him . A traitor to the Empire . Father , here is a man fit to be your son . Do you really think I 'd agree to such a thing ? What choice do we have ? Kanly . I invoke kanly . Which one is that ? The Baron 's other nephew , my Lord . Feyd . A cold-blooded killer . So it comes down to this . It is my right as the Baron now of House Harkonnen , I demand satisfaction . So you 're what 's left of the house that killed my father . It 's down to us . Here we settle this vendetta once and for all . He 's a Harkonnen animal , Muad 'dib . He 's right , Milord . Let me kill him . It will be my gift to you . Is the great Muad 'dib such a coward that he sends others to do his dirty work ? Otheym . Does this one fight in the Emperor 's name ? If Feyd wishes it , he will meet you with my blade in his hand . I wish it ! May thy knife chip and shatter . Paul , don 't do it . Would you like the Emperor 's truthsayer to prepare your spirit for its journey ? Or have you gone too native ? Maybe you 'd like that little pet up there , the pretty one to say a few pagan rites ? Before I claim her . I am not afraid . Nothing to say , Atreides ? Perhaps you 'll answer this . So you see , Atreides ? Your death , fool . The poison will stop your muscles , and my knife will finish you . It 's over Cousin . Irulan . You cannot stop this thing . The spice must flow . You see herstanding there , so haughty , so confident . Let us hope she finds solace in her writing and her books . She 'll have little else . She may have my son 's name , butitis we the ones who carry the name of concubine that history will call " " wives . " " "
