 ALGURES NA LUA COLÓNIA DO PRESIDENTE DITADOR MAC BEE Back to the Palace To the Palace ! Miss ... Yes Sir Does my mark looks like mud ? Mud Sir ? Yes ... Blue mud ... Yesterday during the funeral ... the coffin of my twin-brother was flooded by a blue mud the same color as my mark You had a nightmare sir My twin is not dead ? - Yes he 's dead - So ... Your mark is looking well - Is it getting bigger ? - No sir Quiet Napoleon - Is it smaller ? - No Sir Please measure it Everything is perfect . It hasn 't changed a bit Then I am right What doesn 't move outside Gets bigger inside Here ... This mark is like bugs digging unseen underground tunnels It wants me killed - But I am formally forbidding it - Of course Sir - I will make a blood test - A blood test ? You must analyse and measure The song ? - Miss ? - Yes Sir Is it painful to die ? Anikst Soloko ? Don 't think so Tykho Moon is alive You hear me ! Alive ! This abjection " Tykho Moon or the second life " Was published everywhere . Down there In America , in Finland , in Ethiopia , in the Balkans and even in France In french What does it mean They are speaking about him ... and he 's dead And not about me even if I am the one alive I want a biography too We don 't have a biographer Sir A ressurection is much better than a biography I don 't think that you trully understand We are talking about your donor Your donor ... You remember My donor , Tykho moon ... No ... So I was cheated Who cheated on me ? Who 's fooling me since twenty years Sir , these documents prove nothing And especially that he 's alive If my donor is alive , he must be healthy And if he is healthy , so I will be again Gentlemen ... The ressurection of Tykho Moon is a politico-economic matter And surgical The surgery of my body is a geopolitic matter We must verify the information It looks like a provocation of the new United Nations And the International Community I don 't care about the International Community Do I meddle with Democraties ? My donor is alive Your donor is dead And you will not be able to find him with this picture Yes I will , amplify the researches look everywhere ! There is in fact a trace , but we need time to explore it How long ? A little Is this all ? Maybe a little more - Maybe a little less ? - It is going to be difficult Try it anyway The trace of the donor is his histological identity Genetical ... We have this identity , and it is flawless It is our only chance to find him What are the odds ? - Excuse me sir ? - What are the odds ? Between Fifteen and Twenty ? I take it Fire ... Fire ! Fire ... fire ! What is this all about ? Who is this Tykho Moon ? - Take it easy Alvin - I am talking to your mother Exactly Who is this Tykho Moon ? Gobelski will answer you ... This Tykho Moon , was he an opponent ? We can put it that way . But he was especially the donor who saved your father 's life We took cerebral cells from him and it stopped the illness for twenty years According to surgeons , he could be a stockpile for organs ... blood ... cells For every Mac Bee The operation went quite well But a few days later the hospital was burned to the ground We found nothing but desintegrated bodies Nothing else Your father was safe , because we brought him back to the palace And the fire , was a criminal act of course ? We never knew And the heart the lungs ... We can maybe hit many targets with one stone No , You first need cerebral cells .. It is vital Only then , we will take care of organs We 'll start with the liver - But if ... - If what ? Napoleon is not the donor anymore , can I eat it ? If we 'll transplant you with the liver of Tykho Moon , he 'll have to stay alive - So he can give me the rest later - Exactly So he 'll have Napoleons liver and it 's heart He 'll be like the baboon Thanks to my transplants ... the pig have become a monkey And man will ... become a puppet Tykho Moon will be a puppet and I will become immortal I knew you 'd come It 's him , isn 't it ? And the one standing is you , carrying me I don 't know ... for you especially I 'll make him leave , and I 'll leave with him You forget about the blockade Konstantin there are no flights I 'll make sure that he never finds him , I 'll protect him I don 't want you to go out It is too dangerous and you are too fragile No mum , the Mac Bees are fragile . Not me I am not like them , check out my neck I don 't have a mark Nothing Send someone Someone trustworthy " I noticed once more the effectiveness of Triplaxe 's special security services " " who just shot down the assassin of the twin brother of our beloved President Mac Bee " " The investigation revealed that the order was given by ... . " How much do I owe you ? You haven 't seen me yesterday I spent two nights in here , how much do I owe you ? Do you have a toothpaste ? And what is this ? Acrylic paint Use soap like everybody else ... You are Aniks Soloko right ? The owner of this shower You owe me nothing . I am not loaning my shower yet You make a mistake It has been recently nationalized and the water will be next Can I stay a few more days ? What is your name ? Lena Lena , the whore who works under the shower I work anywhere I can , and when I want And I always pay my debts How much do I owe you ? It is a self portrait A friend But I suggest you to speak french Shit I am closing the bar What is going on ? Histological control They are taking a sample from the ears " Medical control , Biopsy Medical control " Where are you going ? It is the way to my cafeteria First the control , than the coffee Papers ... You must get the hell out of here Oh yeah ? Don 't act a like a fool . Hide . Avoid the controls at least for a few days You listening ? I am bloody serious ! I know you are Hi Hi Are you leaving ? Do you know how to ? You can build a rocket Come , take a look Three dollars for 10 seconds Special price for you Ok Come on hit the clock 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Who 's dead today ? Who 's dead ? I thought that Triplaxe killed the assassin They said so ... How many are they ? An organization , two ... Two minus one makes one Till the day that they 'll all be killed , the Mac Bees musn 't go out Going out is unnecessary Enough Tell me , It 's Edward or Alvin ? Edward Sir I am sorry , I don 't have anything to offer you And I can 't keep you without a card And if I pay ? You are not asthmatic ? By the way , this place is for chest problems You tried at the " Checkpoint " ? Reserved for the hepatics ... There is nothing for the amnesics ? For whom ? I can 't remember Please sir do not insist , Make way please . It is ok go on . Sir Zealot of the month - Is there a problem ? - It 's for a suite - You have a reservation ? - Yes We need a confirmation Someone called for it a moment ago You must pay in advance - Here - Thanks The lifts are for diplomats only Are you a diplomat ? You are a " zealot " ? Yes Sir Atlantic Press Permanent authorisation for photography You better have ... Considering how discreet you are - Police ? - No No police , no militia , no Triplaxe , nothing You better call it " Duoplaxe " now I 've heard that one of the brothers was shot yesterday Two chiefs for a special service , it is getting almost normal You got controlled ? Yes , Biopsy It looks like its getting more and more often around here Glenbarr Reporter I am coming from the United States of America Does it hurt ? No I 'd love to go there and visit The United States of America And Europe too You 'll go , believe me you 'll go You are Aniks Soloko ? You are pronouncing it well Maybe I am mistaken , but the air is getting more and more disgusting here During my previous visit , it was easier to breathe The weightlessness was better too The whole system is out of order . Everything must be rebuilt The day , the night You are interested in me ? No , I am interested in Mac Bee The agony of a dictator even if he ends like Hubu , has always been interesting for the agencies Who is Hubu ? A fool A grotesque one Its more likely Falstaff then ? Who is Falstaff ? Mac Bee Show me the picture There is a stain on your picture The stain is not on the picture . It is on Mac Bee There has been a mistake sir The suite is no longer available , you are retrograted to the first floor Room 12 , blue cabin I am in the red one , we 'll be next to each other It is not as good as a suite , because you are not a diplomat Isn 't this a reason good enough ? Maybe ... But I don 't like you Sir This is the perfect angle Even when you 'll be dead , the blood flow will be correct It is not very comfortable What is my life expectancy in this ? With a little strenghtened uranium , and new organs : an eternity And for two ? Are there any containers for two , because there 's also my wife ? We can think about it , but ... we must divide the life expectancy by two Then it 's no Love is not worth sacrificing a half-eternity I don 't trust this machine In fact , I trust no one nor nothing Here is our Gomelski , look at him His brain is now a cellulitis like mine Cellulitis governs the universe Ain 't it right Gomelski ? It governs the universe Excellent ... Excellent Your last blood assessment shows perfect results You are ready for a surgery again I don 't even trust my globules anymore The white ones eats the red ones And this is politics Gentlemen I am sick but my health remains ideologic The whites eats the reds ... And the blue eats the white Bring me Edward Edward is dead Sir Bring me Alvin then I am here So ? So what ? What is Triplaxe doing ? Searches ... Our services collaborates well together We are controlling more than 300 persons per day And the assassin of the organization who kills ? This investigation is going on as well In which way ? The correct one " Before " , there are the past murders , and " later " there are the futur murders We are in the " before " of the " after " ... Perfect Only if the assassin and Tykho Moon are one person What then ... it is the source Ok but , what do we do in that case ? We kill him or let him live ? We 'll perform surgery There you are ... Is is the water that inspires you ? Why water ? Because we had two meetings and two bathrooms It is the water ... or me It is water with tea in it My parents are hindu europeans I am a pure product of colonization Normal birth . Some respiratory problems during childhood but nothing too serious . What about you ? Is there a problem ? It is a shame , you look better than yesterday after the assassination I haven 't seen anybody so pale it was amazing I can stand neither violence nor blood You are lying What makes you say that ? It blocks your blood flow and you become all pale and white , right ? Maybe we can speak of something else Yes ... Of what Don 't know Me neither and you You can tell me where are you from ? There is something quite interesting about your face Not 36 , only one Very nice for the other 35 Two blue veins right here You can feel them pumping The paler your face is , the more beautiful it is Yesterday , the sight of blood made this sensation pretty rare It gave me the will to paint you Does painting still exist ? I don 't know , I don 't have my tools anymore Now I am cutting the stone I am shaping , breaking , searching ... Found anything ? Would you like from me to ? - No - Yes What do you know about it ? I have my intuitions , it 's worth all the weapons in the world You are doing everything forbidden and useless The sculpture hurts the hands but eases the headache . Can I see your work ? I never finish them I am burning or breaking them I kept only one painting , an autoportrait that I gave to a friend It is so resembling that it resembles to nothing You smell like tea You 're drinking this chemical crap and you weirdly smell like tea The morning tea , the tea of dawn Why are you destroying your work , if they are so important for you You know that it is not my work that matters , but their destruction How old do I look like ? Wrong . I am 25 years old I don 't believe you . I have no reason to lie I was born at 25 , I had no childhood , nor any origin I like you the way you are : you speak non sense But I don 't ask stupid questions There are more than two millions of men in this damn place , and you found me twice in two days . How do you call that : Chance Destiny Sex appeal You neither have the skin nor the odor of a whore from around here and even less the gestures Something wrong ? I don 't like watchers ... His name is Glennbar , would you like from me to introduce you ? I have to go Back to work I would like to see your blue veins again Then it would not be chance anymore ... Destiny or sex appeal . A true wish from the bottom of my heart I need you This man keeps me from working Does he have his papers ? I take my leave Leave her alone This girl is dangerous What about you ? If it 's for a control , I am afraid I can 't - Why is that ? - I suffer from hemophilia Especially in the ears , I have a bad blood Let him go , I know him He is dangerous : Hemophilia , bad blood We got enough for today I 'll join you right away Do you remember ? Good luck To you too I don 't want you to talk to them You don 't have enough money to forbid it What 's your price ? It is not a matter of money anymore I need to know So do I How is he ? Is he speaking to you . - Of what ? - Of me No , never It is a silent man Hello , Goodbye . The weather is fine or not The color of my skin . The density of the dust Nothing else I fail to see my use in this I need you to take pictures of him , I want to know if he looks like me He is smart Very smart Can he remember ? What should he ? Or what shouldn 't he ? I hope you haven 't brought me any disease with you this time So , how is going down there , old Europe The icebergs still melting , the level raising ? We speak french in here Excuse me ... Here is the merchandise Strenghtened Uranium , Nuclear energy From now on , I am ... Dissuasive ... Dissuasive and Immortal She 's the one taking care of him Why a girl ? Because I trust her She is from Triplaxe Everybody is from Triplaxe You 've seen him ? Yes , I have He 's allright , a little weird though He wasn 't controlled , and he is not looking like your son You slept with him ? And you ? So little brother ... Still virgin ? Not virgin , immaculate Not mourning ? Mourn who ? I am not a Mac Bee , We 're not even brothers No mark you understand , no Mac Bee labelised neck - I am clean - Your stain is inside ... It 's worse It can 't be seen but it 's eating your brain Your cabin is no longer available . You must go . Where ? There You want from me to sleep there ? Yes , in the bathroom . It 's a varied place the bathroom : cold water , hot water , you can lay down You 're fucking kidding me right ? I may remind you that the ones sleeping in the bathrooms have no access to the stairs It 's obvious , I will use the emergency stairs The staff stairs please " If you are born on the thirthy of february our hotel wishes you a happy birthday " The President Mac Bee is having a lot of nightmares . He is sleeping a lot : 14 hours a day Are you alone ? - I always was - Even now ? Why are you asking me this ? No particular reason , I was thinking of the girl She is having her own life She got pretty eyes , moon green eyes It 's shame that its so messy When will be the next night ? In two days The sky is all burnt , we can 't see the planet anymore Before we could even see the Orion right there on the vertical And Kassiope , just a little on the right . You heard about Orion ? No Bettlejuice is dead . It exploded not long ago . Kassiope , the planet , Orion I forgot about all these . And the politics , you forgot the politics ? You forget only what you knew Tykho Moon is not familiar to you ? I am amnesic Mr Glenbarr , I 'd love if you 'd leave me alone . Is the bathroom allright ? I don 't know if can swim but I am not afraid of the water Good , can I give you an advice ? What kind of advice ? - Personal - Then no I 'll give it anyway : don 't leave the hotel It 's like a neutral zone here . Accept even if they propose you a shit hole for sleeping Ah , here is the planet , we can see it . You know the launch zones ? For the planet ? There is a flight next night , in 47 hours . Special flight for you and me , if you 're still alive . I 'll come with company Glenbarr You are the one killing the Mac Bees right ? I would like to sleep But you can 't . You see that I am taking a bath You are in my bed You could have knocked Knock on who ? What is it ? What are you doing to him again ? It 's for the check up Sir . We are preparing him for the operations you requested Don 't hurt him No Sir What was the name of the small island near India Cuba ? Not cuba . I said an Island . It starts with the letter " P " Peru ? Paraguay ? Peru Dad ? Yes Tykho Moon , our donor My donor ! He was identified by a zealot We can start now Does Peru exist ? Will this please you ? Do you have any speciality ? It is according to the request I am shy I can make some suggestions How do you pay ? Excuse me Miss That 's what I call a premature ejaculation Shit They broke everything . They are nuts You allright ? You seem preoccupied Where are you taking me ? You don 't want to talk You know ... When you 're in love you never know what hits you Is this a declaration ? It 's a consent . I 'm hungry . What about you ? So ? It 's moray eel . Its from a cold country No , it 's the deep-freeze that gives this taste It 's Lapu Lapu , a fish from the chinese sea It 's from the deep then Something phosphorescent swimming in theeverlasting dark of the deep You like this kind of stuff French wine . Illegal import I 'm sure you got an attraction for everything not neat Certainly That 's why I like so much your blue veins I live my obsessions all the way Don 't praise yourself . You 're thicker than a safe The interesting thing about faces is that it reveals you nothing Never When I look in a mirror , I first see nothing It takes a second , just the time to identify myself How is it when you 're twenty ? You wake up in a bed You got bandage all around your head You take it off and you discover a bald head and two scars . Here I am sure of one thing . I was the fist time I saw myself I 've lost everything . Forgot everything . Nothing to compare . With nothing I 've learned everything from the beginning to read , to write , people , things , women ... You didn 't want to discover anything ? For what ? Ever seen a boy asking for things happened to him before his birth ? - And now ? - It makes no difference to me now What will I learn ? Look around you They are all consumed by a story , a memory , signs They are keeping I 'm burning The past is like a crab If you push too much , it consumes you from the inside , the guts , the brain I prefer the emptiness Not me If I 'd knew a little about me , I 'd want to understand Once I 'd understood , I 'd want to know more and more For exemple , why would I wanna know why you are here ? Why are you always lying ? Why do you pretend to be a whore ? Shall we dance ? Cabin number three I want to help you No I want from you to teach me more pleasant things Like what ? Teach me to kiss And tell me now , who do you work for ? For mad people , hanging with other mad people A sanitarium , a zoo , weird animals These images looks quite good on you It 's natutal , I was born here So doctor . There is in fact something Here ... And here A very old surgical operation Mr Anikst Soloko Tykho Moon . Nice blue tone Ashes and dust . Hard to get it Don 't shoot Are you wounded ? I don 't have a lob anymore That 's biopsy from distance . Your friends are quite good They are not my friends You know how to drive ? Don 't know I loved him more than the others . Then came the surgical operation and the transplant ... And it was too much for me He said that they became a stockpile of organs Cobayes . It drove me mad So I took him out of the hospital I ordered to burn down everything . No more evidences , no more witnesses Then I hid him I brought him to the peripheral zone Years have passed He was unable to remember anything I lost the will to love Unable to love Unwilling to be loved Mum I know what you are going to ask me but I can 't answer you - Why ? - Because I don 't know it Why is that ? I have the right to know With whom have you slept with Why don 't you say anything ? Why do you remain silent ? You had so many lovers , so many potential fathers ? Yes My mother is a whore And I am the son of a whore and a stranger Konstantin ? I am no whore And your father may very well be Mac Bee Where did this assassin come from ? We must find him He killed my uncle He killed Edward I am next It is forbidden that I die . It is forbidden that I die . If you don 't go out , you won 't die I need to find Tykho Moon It will be night soon It will be dark Put back the electricity on , everywhere We can 't see a thing in this city Not a thing We reached our limit " Eight to one clock . Nightfall in 59 seconds " " 38 seconds " " The night is on his way , prepare yourself " " Thought about your medicine ? 12 seconds ... " " Goodnight " Let 's go I 'll be right with you Your phone please You let me finish ? Where to ? Straight ahead It 's this night or never - Hi - Hi This one is free . How much ? 10 dollars for you . Shower , condoms and breakfast . Allright Special price for you You must say if I am hurting you I 'll bring you first to the North Pole And from there to the South Pole Then we 'll walk on the Equator From the East to the West Following the sun Allright ? You know about the book ? What book ? The book about you - You read it ? - Nope So don 't talk about something you don 't know I don 't give a damn for Tykho Moon you understand ? But you are Tykho Moon You know nothing about me We 're even about that . It 's fine by me Let 's become the writers of our own story Starting from now on . Right here I already killed men Many You could have killed anything you want , I don 't care This is my testament , you got it ? I start over Clearness builds great nations and precision brings the great dead So , I lay there ... with my new organs Eva you 'll reign and die Edward will be your successor . He 'll reign and die It is already done Sir He already reign ? No , He 's dead Ah , Alvin then . He isn 't dead is he ? No Sir , Alvin 's not dead Maybe with a little luck We can give birth to a new twin We don 't have any time So my descendants will reign for 160 years , while I sleep I deserved it 160 years later , the last of my descendants will push this button . Press it No this one . There you go What do you think Gomelski ? You 'll suffer on earth , and I will come back young , without any mark I will build monuments on your memory For you too Madame Mac Bee You 're totally insane Mac Bee Not at all , I prepare my bed , you need to for a sleeping over 160 years Then sleep well . Good night Gomelski ? What are you doing here ? I am here to propose my help And ask for yours Tykho moon is in danger Tell me at least who you are A State Employee For whom and for what ? A polyvalent one ... Working for a noble cause - CIA ? - No Mafia ? The North ? The South ? You won 't find . I am like you : a perfect killer You 're the one who killed Mac Bee 's brother and Edward right ? And you 're the one who killed my friend and associate right ? You are here to take out the remaining Mac Bees Yep And for the promotion of my book You wrote this ? I don 't fancy writers who kills I don 't like the whores who loves Lena is already gone ? Not very loyal isn 't she ? Too late . That 's sad They are going to butcher him real bad Let me drive I know the city better than you do Your mother doesn 't love me anymore , and I just wrote a chapter about it . It is very important for the sales Love stories A song Sir ? No , no song You know of your brothers dead Konstantin ... Konstantin ... You know his theory ? I don 't give a shit about Konstantin , I am talking about the one alike you Answer it He 's here Who ? Edward ? Look if you 're not interested in his neurons , I 'll take them Tykho Moon is completely mine His neurons and organs You 'll have the rest How is Napoleon ? How is Napoleon ? He was among the opponents of the regime . Back at the time when politic had a meaning He ended as a cobaye for the surgeons of Mac Bee like many others This was his doom He was scheduled for many other operations Eva Mac Bee was his mistress She made everyone believe that he died . She changed his identity And placed him on the other side of the wall , to save him . She kept the secret for twenty years ? The opponents of the regime were completely wiped out Tykho Moon was clandestine and almost forgotten And everyone was afraid of each other Eva Mac Bee knew perfectly how to increase the pressure At the right place , at the right time The Mac Bees have very welly studied the dictats of the last century I know , I was trained by them And who brought you next to Tykho moon Konstantin Mac Bee He wanted from me to protect him . He thinks ... - It 's here - Shall I hide behind ? It 's not necessary , they are searching Miss Lena Good reflexes . If one day you 'll ever need a job ... I don 't kill for money anymore For a good cause then Do you know any good causes ? Or it is maybe for love ? I don 't know anything about love I can see that These lifts are going straight to the palace , the hospital is at the top of it And the Mac Bees ? We first take care of Anikst No , everyone is on his own . You it 's for love , and I am for the order You are really stupid Everything here is old The air and light systems They need to be replaced The weightlessness is weird too We need to stick on the ground As soon as I 'll finish with the analysis I will perform a mass neuron withdrawal I will make implants to your father and if everything goes well I will carry on with a partial liver transplant The rest of the cerebral cells will be all yours Special Mac Bee disinfection right ? The more I stare at you , the more I believe that love is a cause worth defending Perfect Your skull is Exciting I 'll try to take care of this Tell Eva Mac Bee that I am here Go on Shoot Shoot The liver is right here The heart right here , and the lungs here There is also the head Full of synapse and neurons Shoot Shoot the neurons Put this gun down Alvin Stay away from this mum Do you remember ? You remember me don 't you ? There are few things left Scraps I got scraps of Eva It is very far And it is fine by me I got scraps of violence too Don 't push me to use them Let me go - No - Please , Please I want undamaged bodies . No wound and no blood . No blood What a waste Kill me What are you waiting for to kill me You are no Mac Bee Ah thank you Do you recognize me Mac Bee ? I am going to sleep You 've seen Eva Macbee Yes I think she recognized you Yes And you ? You know what Konstantin Mac Bee thinks ? He is wrong The Mac Bees were always wrong Look There That 's Orion , you see ? There Without Beetlejuice You 'll see it 's pretty I am taking you to a trip There is no more Mac Bees alive Strict order from the United Nations Wait It 's for you I signed it Weightlessness I have never left the moon before
