 Holding course 351 , mark 10 , warp 7 . We 'll be passing a red dwarf system in 40 minutes . I can 't tell if there are any M-Class planets . - You ready ? - I want to do the transtator diagnostic . - Harry , I can 't do this alone . - Sorry . You 're making a big mistake . Can 't you see what 's going to happen ? We 're the only humans out here , Harry . People will start pairing off . And if we don 't get to the Delaney sisters soon , somebody else will . - I 've got a girl back home . - So what , I 've got five . - I plan on seeing mine again . - Harry , Harry , Harry . - You really think she 's goign to wait for you ? - I hope so . Let her go . Let her have a husband and kids and a good life ... while you and I have the Delaney sisters . - I told you , I need to run a transtator diagnostic . - You need to run a self-diagnostic . Look , they come as a pair . It 's a double date or no date . Come on . I told them all about you . What did you tell them about me ? Well , for one thing , how you broke the single pilot speed record at the Academy . - Record ? I never broke any record ! - Who are they going to check it with ? - Report . - We 're at the leading edge of a shock wave . Monitoring hull breach on deck 3 . Contained . Shields are holding . Engineering is undamaged . All systems operational . Can you identify the source of the wave ? I 'm not sure . There 's a debris cloud in the red dwarf system . It consists of differentially charged polaric ions . Differentially charged ? That would suggest a massive detonation . Are you familiar with any life-forms in this system ? Familiar ? Not exactly familiar . Considerably less than familiar , actually . - Adjust course to investigate . - Aye , Captain . Entering the system , Captain . Heading 010 , mark 4 . - What are you doing here ? - I had to know . Know what ? The origin of the shock wave is an M-Class planet . On screen . - The vegetation of the planet has been destroyed . - No satellite system at orbit . No evidence of spacecraft . - Lifesigns . - None . - But the poradic radiation may be interferring with the scanner . - Take us into orbit . There are artificial waterways and a global aqueduct system . - There is a civilisation down there , Captain . - Or there was . - Surface conditions ? - Radiation level is within acceptable level . - Atmosphere , breathable . - Mr Paris , Tuvok , you 're with me . - Ms Torres , meet us in transporter room 2 . - On my way . Commander , you have the bridge . The entire surface of the planet was just seared . There was a chain reaction in subspace , very likely ignited by the detonation of one or more polaric ion devices . The people here never had a chance . They 're gone . Vaporised . Everything organic has been obliterated . At least it happened quickly . Polaric detonation would have swept through the city within seconds . - It recalls the Chaltok IV incident . - Chaltok IV ? A Romulan research colony was nearly destroyed during a testing of one of these devices . It led to the Polaric Test Ban Treaty of 2268 . So we 're looking at the end of a war . - I wonder who won . - I 'm not so sure there was a war . Look at these readings , Delana Polaric ion concentrations are so high I can 't get an accurate reading . I say these conduits was the source of these explosion ? A civilisation powered by polaric ion energy ? That 's what it looks like . A time bomb underneath every street , Running into every home . What do you mean you saw it ? - How could you see it ? - I don 't know . What did you see ? I saw them burning ... . Their bodies ... Ashes where they stood . You felt the shock wave in your sleep . It 's just your imagination . A strange coincidence . - I don 't think so . - What else could it be ? It was almost telepathic . Telepathy is a message , words , voice . What you 're describing is almost like the visions of Drakina Forest dwellers . - Who ? - A tribe with paranormal abilities . - They can walk into an empty room ... - Neelix . My ancestors were said to have unusual mental abilities . - No one believes those stories . - I always have . Look . This may be some kind of timepiece . It stopped at the moment of the explosion . - What was that ? - What ? - Didn 't you hear that ? - Hear what , Lieutenant ? Kids playing . They were as close as ... I don 't understand . I was here in the square but there were people . - You never left here . - But I saw them . Lots of people . Children playing . The sun was shining . There was no explosion . Everyone was alive and happy . You were standing here all the time . Your nervous system is showing a temporal flux but it 's normalising . - Subspace is shattered . - I want everyone to stand where you are . There may be subspace fractures floating like iceberg across the planet 's surface . Away team to Voyager . Four to beam up . Tuvok . B 'Elanna . Hey . Calm down . It 's all right . What 's the problem ? I saw them appear out of thin air ! They 're demons ! I saw them with my own eyes ! - We just came around the corner . - They 're lying ! Calm down . You 've been reading too many dark storm tales . - There 's no such thing as demons . - But I 'm telling you ... Run along now . Have a confection bar and calm down . All right , everybody , back to your business . Nothing else to see here . - Sorry about that . - No problem . - Who knows what 's in their heads ? - Perhaps the uniform scared him . - Come in on the continental transport ? - This morning . Is that what they 're wearing in Kalto Province ? This is a little more formal than most . You know how it is when you travel . We were looking for a clothing shop . We though we change into something more appropriate . There 's one over there . I hope your stay is enjoyable . I wish I could say it will be . Need a timepiece ? Maybe you could help me . I 'm from ... Kalto Province . - I 'm not used to your timepieces . - They 're no different from the Kolta timepiece . Are you sure ? What do these numbers stand for ? Rotations , intervals , fractions . Same as any timepiece . 14 kelodas . A fair price . I might stop back later . If there 's time . This world is going to be destroyed some time tomorrow . First officer 's log , supplemental . There 's been no sign of Janeway or Paris since they were lost in subspace fracture . This is one of the subspace fractures we 've located with magneton scanner at the surface . This is the time of the explosion with the facture opened . As the shock waves dissipate , the fracture grows more narrow . We believe that the captain and lieutenant Paris are trapped at the narrow end . Shockwaves from most explosions dissipate into the future . But we 're speculating , based on what Paris saw us what he saw , that these dissipate into the past . - That 's consistent with subspace damage we observed . - But haven 't they been able to return like Paris did the first time . He wasn 't all the way inside a fracture , remeber . We still saw Paris standing there when he still could look at the other side . So is possible that Caption and Paris are existing only hours or minutes before the explosion occurs . There is no way we can measure exactly how far back these fractures go . How do we find them ? If I know Captain Janeway , she would activate a subspace beacon to assist us . We are counting on it . First we have to find a fracture in the location where they 've been . Then we have to microscan the fracture to try to pick up their signal from their subspace beacon . Once we know where and when they are , then we have to widen the fracture at that point . How do you suggest we do that ? We 're not sure yet . - What ? Is something wrong ? - Yes , terribly wrong . Your brain is not on file . Either your government failed to transmit the standard 15501 crew personnel report or someone at Starfleet Medical really fouled up . - I 'm not a member of this crew . - We came aboard at mid-expedition . And no one asked you for your medical histories ? Of course not . That would be the ship 's doctor 's job . My job . If anyone had bothered to tell me about new passengers . But I 'm the lastto know just about everything around here . - So , how many others new arrival are there ? - Just us . - And another crew from another ship . - Another crew ? That 's nice . This is the Emergency Medical Holographic System to Captain Janeway . She 's missing on the surface of a planet . Missing . The Captain is missing . Seem I 've found myself on the voyage of the damned . Very well . Please advise the highest ranking officer who is not missing to see me at his earliest convenience . - You may shut off my program . - But you haven 't told us anything about her condition ? She 's the healthiest member of her species I 've ever seen . The only one member of her species I 've ever seen . You have a lovely brain . It will make a fine addition to our files . I won 't worry . If your species has a history of extraordinary mental abilities this may be your way of flexing those muscles for the first time . Living in space requires the body a variety of biological adjustments . This could be a side effect of that process . Go home , get a good night 's sleep and drink plenty of fluids . - Fluids ? - Everybody should drink fluids . - Don 't leave without turning me off . - Computer , end program . And call me in the morning . We can assume the Voyager will be looking for a way to reach us . I 'll set my combadge to emit a subspace beacon . If they get close , maybe they 'll pick it up . - I know . - Maybe there 's some way ... Don 't even think about it . The Prime Directive is clear . We cannot alter this planet 's natural course of events . - Even if that natural course is annihilation ? - Yeah . My father used to talk about the Prime Directive . Once a year . He considered it our guiding principle of space exploration . To be honest , I tuned out most of his sermons years ago . Well , tune back into this one because I agree with him . You have no idea what the consequences might be once you involved yourselves ... The consequences have to be better than mass destruction . You 're not to warn these people . That 's an order . Oh , God . Come on . - I know you 're lying . - Young man , we 're here on a business trip and we have a lot of work to do . The officer told me you came on the continental transport ? Yes . From Kalto Province . Yeah , I just talked to the transport attendant . He told me that four people came today from Kalto . Two of them were older than you and they had a child with them . The attendant was wrong . That was us . - So where 's the child ? - We ate him . Because we are demons and we eat children and I haven 't had my supper yet . - Sorry , I just figured it was the quickest way . - Let 's concentrate on getting out . The same subspace fractures that brought us here might still be around . If they were caused by a polaric explosion ... Is there anyway we could use polaric energy to get us back ? If we have access to a polaric ion generator , we could modify a tricorder to emit a polaric field . At the very least , it might help us scan for a fracture . I wonder where these conduits get their power . - This is a lawful demonstration . - We have a right to be here ! Under normal circumstance , I 'd say we should come back tomorrow . This uses the same energy that destroyed the planet . - At intense level , it can open a subspace fracture . - Wide enough for the Captain and Paris to get through ? If we can locate them , this is capable of bringing them back . The logical place to begin will be the same location they disappeared . But the problem is , at the necessary intensity , polaric generator will burn itself out after 30 seconds at best . - Can 't we initialize the generator and try again ? - Not at the same location . Once we make one attempt at any given location , the damage to subspace will make a second attempt impossible . How do we prevent one of us from getting trapped in the facture ? We modify our tricorders to detect the fractures and all of us will be wearing one of these . It puts out an anti-polaric field . It should repel the fractures when they get within three meters . - Nice work . - Commander . - Will you be going back to the planet ? - We 're going now . - I have to go with you . - There 's nothing you want to see , Kes . - That 's what I said . - I already seen it . I have to go . We 're sorry to involve you in this . Pe 'Nar Makull . My colleague , Ny Terla . Apparently , you were just at the wrong place at the wrong time ? I was just thinking the very same thing . - What were you doing ? - We 're from Kalto province . We were hoping to tour your power facility , compare it to our own . I 've never seen a Kalton with your colour hair . Now you have . My friend thinks you were sent to infiltrate us . Infiltrate ? You were there when she got this . Perhaps you were told to put on a good show for us . We don 't even know why someone would want to infiltrate you . That 's hard to believe . Even in Kalto there are protests against polaric energy . - We 're not spies . - When was the last time you were in a power plant ? - Before we left home . - You weren 't in that plant yesterday ? We were just getting there when we stumbled into you . We know you 're not telling the truth . We have safety monitors to measure polaric energy . When you got here , they registered five times the normal readings . To register these high , you were either inside that plant yesterday or at the site of a polaric disaster worse than any in the history of this planet . What is it ? It 's as though I can sense the people who were here . I know . It 's like walking through a graveyard . No . It 's more than that . I almost feel as if I could touch the people who were here . - What have you found ? - The scanner is not showing any fractures in this area now . That probably indicates the subspace damage is beginning to dissipate . If that 's true , it will be harder to locate Tom and the Captain . Commander , I 'm picking up a signal from a combadge . - A subspace beacon ? - No , it 's not on subspace . It 's here . Now . Kim to Janeway . - Kim to Paris . - Can we locate the source of the signal ? Yes , sir . This way . - What 's your name ? - Janeway . - Unusual name . - Not where I 'm from . - What part of the Kalto province would that again ? - I don 't see any point in this . There is a point , a very important one . It has to do with our schedule and whether we can keep it or not . - Can we ? - I don 't know . - Do they know our plan ? - I have no idea . - Let me go ! - Look what I caught sneaking around . I 'm still not showing any lifesigns . - He has nothing to do with this . - Is he yours ? - No . He is just somebody we met here . - Don 't trust them . - They aren 't who they say they are . - Really ? - Thanks , kid . - Looks , this is all a misunderstanding . They lied about coming here on a continental transport . I talked to the attendant myself . Let me go ! What do we do with him ? We can 't let him go . Just put him over there with the other . Now stay quiet . The combadge self-activates when the casing is destroyed to help searchers locate victims . I guess it means they were caught in the explosion . It only means that their combages were caughtin the explosion . For this speculation serves no purpose . I suggest we should search for tangible evidence . None of us have seen devices like these before . Terla believes they 're spy equipment . They 're for surveying property . I 've thinking of buying land here . - I need to survey it . - I 'd be curious to know how they work . Would you show me ? But then one of them might be a weapon . And I wouldn 't want you to show me how that works . Hey , kid . You were right about one thing . I was lying . I don 't eat children . You don 't scare me . My father works for the Media Bureau . - When I tell him all about this ... - Is he a journalist ? Yes . And so am I. - Is that right ? - I report for my school journal . Thats right . Everyone 's gonna find out about you when I write about this in next week 's edition . - What 's your name ? - Latika . - I 'm sorry . - For what ? - I just am . - I realise how this must appear . - But I 'm just a patriot . - A patriot ? I sincerely believe polaric energy has the potential to destroy this entire world . I take it very few people here agree with you . We 've had more support since the accident at Markov . We know the companies are afraid of us . We know they 've increased security at all their plants . But it will not be enough to stop us . We can 't wait another week . We have to reschedule . We know they 're not telling the truth , we have to assume the government sent them . Tell everyone we begin at 0400 tomorrow . Wait a minute . Captain ? Kes . Do you have something to tell me , Janeway ? If that 's your real name . It is my real name . Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager . I can feel their presence . Please elaborate . How can you feel their presence ? I don 't know . I just can . They 've been in this room . I know it . - Is there a subspace fracture in here ? - Affirmative . Set up the equipment . You wanted the truth . All right . Here 's the truth . We 're from the future . Exactly one day in the future . - You mean I was right ? - We weren 't allowed to tell . At least I thought we weren 't . In a few hours from now , there will be a serious accident on this world . It will be caused by a polaric detonation . We came here in an interstellar ship to investigate that explosion . When we arrived , we were exposed to the polaric radiation . Showing a subspace fracture . Coordinates 141 by 21 by 14 . - 5 % drift , range : Four metres . - Initiating generator . Initiating microscan of the fracture . Whatever you 're planning to do could be responsible for this tragedy . And somehow you were able to come back here to warn us ? The explosion had an unexpected aftereffect . It created fractures in time . We fell through one of those fractures . Interstellar ships ? Fractures in time ? Do you honestly expect us to believe all this ? I found them . Scanners are picking up a subspace beacon . Adjusting penetration coordinates to match . I 'll try to open up the other end . Chakotay to Janeway . Captain , can you read us ? - Eavesdropping devices . - No . But they are for communication . - My crew is trying to contact me . - From the future , of course . Get the particle injector . Bring them with us . The boy , too . I have an ideo how they can help . Chakotay to Janeway . Can you read me ? Please respond . I don 't get it , Captain . This morning you were giving orders about not interfering because of the prime directives , now you 're telling them everything . I told them the truth when i realize we 'd already violated the Prime Directive in the worst possible manner . - How ? - Just by being here . If we hadn 't been here , is very possible that this world may not have been destroyed . Think about it , Tom . Before we got involved , these people were planning to commit somekind of sabotage next week . We were the one who forced a change in their schedule . Because of us , they decided to begin today at 400 rotations . We know the detonation takes place today just after 401 . 401-22-84 . Wait a minute . You were saying we 're responsible for an explosion even though it occured before our ship arrived here ? We 've travelled back a point in time before the explosion . So yes , we can be responsible for it . Let 's say we never came and their plans didn 't change . Wouldn 't the accident simply have occurred next week instead of today ? Who knows what might have happend between now and then . They could have been arrested before they got a chance to carry it out . Conditions at the plant might not have been the same next week . But it 's our problem now . And we have got to find a way to solve it . The subspace fractures are closing . We 've lost over 70 % of them . At this point , we are suggesting we concentrate our search at the flashpoint . May I ask what do you expect to accomplish by doing that ? We figure the Captain and Paris might look for the origin of the explosion to try and prevent it . Unlikely , it would be highly questionable decision in light of the Prime Directive . If it were me , I would have tried . The issue is whether Captain Janeway would go there . Not you , Commander . - Can you locate the flashpoint ? - We already have . Let 's go . Your job is to get us past the guards . You 'd tell them you bring in agent to to negotiate a settlement of our dispute . I cannot and will not do anything to help you . Think before you say no . Terla has a weapon trained on the boy . If shooting begins , he 'll be the first victim . - Is there something I can do for you ? - She 's a government representative on official business . I am a hostage . These men are here to break into the plant . Their lives are on your conscience , Janeway . - You saved my life ! - Don 't waste time with me , Captain . - Gotta stop them . - Will you stay with him until help arrive ? Sure he will . The kid and I we 're old friends now , aren 't we ? I 'll be back for you . We 'll be here . The polaric levels are higher here than any place we 've been so far . This was undoubtedly the flashpoint of the explosion . Whatever went wrong , it started here . - So we have subspace fractures to work within here here ? - Affirmative . They remain quite numerous in this area . Set up the equipment . I need the injector . Just hand that bag to me . 41 by 310 . 2 % drift . Range six metres . Mark . - I have it . Initiating generator . - Scanning for the subspace beacon . It doesn 't look like they were here . - It is highly unlikely that Captain Janeway would come here ... - No . The Captain did come . She was here . This is where she died . Everybody on this planet have less than three minutes to live if you go through with this , Makull . Don 't . What exactly do you think we are planning to do here ? I assume you 're going to subotage the plant , probably by detonating some kind of device . - We are not stupid enough to blow up anything here . - That maybe true . - But something will go wrong . - Nothing is going to go wrong unless you fire that near a polaric conduit . - For everyone 's safety , I suggest you put it down . - Give me the bag . All right , then . We 'll wait . If Kes is right , the Captain was here at the moment the explosion occurred . Is there anyway to break through subspace a few minutes before the detonation ? If the widest point of the fracture represents the time of explosion , couldn 't we open a hole just before the widest point ? There is no way we could pinpoint the time we 'd be penetrating but we could an educated guess . I feel that it is my duty to point out there is no logical reason to believe Kes is correct . However , since I have no alternative course of action to recommend this time , - I suggest we proceed . - Commander ? What time is it ? 401 rotations plus 21 . We 'll just wait until 23 . 23 ? What 's the importance of 23 ? Oh , this is all about the alleged time of our self-annihilation . All right . Let 's just see if we can all get through the next ... - What 's going on ? - They 're cutting through subspace . My God . It 's going to intersect with the conduit wall . Our own rescue attempt . That 's what sets it off . My weapon may be able to seal that hole . It 's our only chance . I 'm getting particle resistance from the other side . Increasing generator to maximum output . - The generator 's overloading . - I don 't understand . Is not working . We 're not penetrating the fracture . Harry , Harry , Harry . - You really think she is going to wait for you . - I hope so . Let her go . Let her have a husband and kids and a good life ... while you and I have the Delaney sisters . - I told you , I need to run a transtator diagnostic . - And you need to run a self-diagnostic . Look , they come as a pair . It 's a double date or no date . Come on . I told them all about you . What did you tell them about me ? Well , for one thing , how you broke the single pilot speed record at the Academy . Record ? I never broke any record ! Who are they are going to check it with ? Chakotay to Captain Janeway . Yes , Commander . We 've identified an M-Class planet in the red dwarf system . Do you want to investigate ? Are you familiar with any intelligent life-forms in the system ? Familiar ? Not exactly familiar . Considerably less than familiar , actually . - What are you doing here ? - I had to know . - Know what ? - The planet ... Everyone was killed . There was a terrible explosion . - You had a bad dream . - No , it was more than a dream . Mr Tuvok , any indications of trouble on that M-Class planet ? - Negative . - Is it populated ? Sensors do show humanoid life . There is no satellite system and no indications of spacecraft in the vicinity . It appears to be a pre-warp civilisation . Which means as a policy , we don 't involve ourselves in their affairs . Of course . A most enlightened philosophy . - Come on , Kes . - I 'm sorry . Captain . Is it possible to see this planet on the view screen ? There it is . Thank you . Come on . Enter the planet 's coordinates into the log and maintain present heading . - Warp 6 . - Aye , Captain .
