 There he is ! Let 's get him . Area 7 to Command . We could use another survey team out here . Ensigns McCauley and Gilles , assist edaphology team in area 7 . Acknowledged . Admiral Dougherty is waiting for this . Transmit it to the ship . Alert ! Area 12 ! - The android is out of control . - Report . - He 's headed toward the village . - Over there ! Magnify . Hold your fire . What is it ? Base to Commander Data . Re-routing microhydraulic power distribution . - Regulating thermal overload . - Data , report immediately ! Transferring matrix functions . Engaging secondary protocol . He 's trying to remove the headpiece . All field units , intercept the android . Artim , it 's all right . Get inside . Everyone get inside now . Back to your homes . - Secondary protocol is active . - Stop him ! Now ! Commander Data , stand down . That 's an order ! Stand down ! Who are they ? It 's an M-class planet . Population 300 million . - Say the greeting again . - Yew-chin chef-faw . You either need a new uniform or a new neck . - My collar size hasn 't changed . - Of course not ! Our guests are eating the floral arrangements . - No cocktails before dinner ? - My God ! Are they vegetarian ? Does the chef have a dressing that goes well with chrysanthemums ? Captain Picard , Command wants to know our ETA at the Goren system ? - The Goren system ? - Some territorial dispute . If we delay our trip to Hanoran II , it 'll put us in the monsoon season . Captain ... - The diplomatic corps is busy . - So we get to put out another fire . Can anyone remember when we used to be explorers ? Deck 10 . Remember , they 're not as advanced as we are . - They 've just achieved warp drive . - Now they 're a protectorate . With the Borg and the Dominon , we need all the allies we can get . Captain on deck . - Regent Cuzar like to dance . - Can she mambo ? - Very funny . - The Captain cuts quite a rug . La Forge to Picard . I need to talk to you before the reception . Mr Worf ! What are you doing here ? Can it wait ? - Tell him to come up here . - The Captain wants you to join us . There 's a communiqué from Admiral Dougherty about Data . Regent Cuzar , welcome aboard . Captain Picard , I welcome you in the tradition of my people . We are so honoured to be accepted within the great Federation family . - We have a dance later . - I look forward to it . - Counsellor ? - Nice bead work . Captain , Admiral Dougherty is aboard a Son 'a ship in sector 4-4-1 . He 's requesting Data 's schematics . He doesn 't say why . Data was only scheduled to observe the Ba 'ku village for a week . Geordi , set up a secure com-link to the Admiral . Hars Adislo . We met at the Nel Bato conference last year . Did you read my paper on thermionic transconductance ? Would you excuse me ? He 's not acknowledging any Starfleet protocol . - What precipitated this behaviour ? - I don 't know . Now he has hostages . We could be there in two days . That 's not a good idea . Your ship hasn 't been fitted for this region . - There are environmental concerns . - Such as ? We 're studying various anomalies . They call this area the Briar Patch . We 've had trouble even getting a signal to you . Just get me Data 's schematics . I 'll keep you informed . - His emotion chip ? - He didn 't take it with him . Send the Admiral Data 's schematics . Report to the galley and tell the chef to skip the fish course . I 'd like our guests to depart as soon as etiquette allows . I 'm going to ask Worf to delay his return to DS9 . Sector 4-4-1 is on our way to the Goren system . - They are in opposite directions . - Are they ? I should never have let you talk me into that duck blind . Federation procedures have made this more difficult than it needed to be . We have to protect the planet 's population from unnecessary risk . Planet 's population ? 600 people ! If you want to avoid unnecessary risks , leave your android at home . - We are approaching the planet . - Take us into a high orbit . Lie down , the girls will take 20 years off your face . - Another time , perhaps . - Your self-restraint puzzles me . You deny yourself every benefit this mission has to offer . Such benefits are to be shared with all the people of the Federation . - Report ! - Phaser blast . Unknown origin . - Take us out of orbit . - Photon torpedoes . - The vessel has broken off pursuit . - Visual contact . That 's our ship . We 're about to lose communications with Starfleet . I have all the files on the duck-blind mission and the Son 'a . You have two days to become experts . Mr Worf , we need a plan to safely capture Data . La Forge has modified this tricorder with one of Data 's actuation servos . Its range is only four metres , but it will shut him down . Good to have you back . Take us in . Half a century ago , they conquered two primitive races and integrated them into their culture as a labour class . The Son 'a have produced quantities of the narcotic ketracel-white . Their ships are rumoured to be equipped with outlawed weapons . - Why are we involved with them ? - Good question . You haven 't done that in a while . - What you 're doing to my neck . - What ? Bridge to Commander Worf . - Worf ! - Captain . How are things on DS9 ? Don 't officers report for duty on time ? - Sorry , sir . I 'm on my way . - We 'll skip the court martial . When was the last time we aligned the torque sensors ? - Two months ago . - They don 't sound right . They are out of alignment by 12 microns . You could hear that ? When I was an ensign , I could detect a 3-micron misalignment . The Son 'a ship with Adm. Dougherty has entered tracking range . Straighten your baldric . On screen . Captain , I wasn 't expecting you . This is important to the Enterprise . Data attacked us in the mission scout ship , yesterday . Ru 'afo and I have decided to send in an assault team . Worf and I are working out a tactical plan ... Your android damaged my ship . He must be destroyed . I know what Data means to Starfleet , but our crew are in danger . If our attempt to capture Data fails , I will terminate him . I should be the one to do it . I 'm his captain and his friend . All right , you have 12 hours , then I want you out of the Briar Patch . We 'll head out to the perimeter to call for Son 'a reinforcements . Understood . Good luck . Dougherty out . - We 're not picking up any ships . - Try a wide-band covariant signal . The rings are masking his approach . The metaphasic radiation from the rings is in a state of extreme flux . Come out , come out wherever you are ... - Sir ? - That 's something my mother ... Hold on . Open all hailing frequencies . Data , this is Captain Picard . Please respond . If we fire tachyon bursts , he 'll have to reset his shields . - Then we can beam him out . - Make it so . - Direct hit . His shields are down . - Beam him out . - He 's using a transport inhibitor . - Prepare to enter the atmosphere . That will shake him . - Scanners are off-line . - Start evasive manoeuvres . He can fly a ship and anticipate our tactics . His brain is functioning . We know how he responds to threats . I wonder how he would respond ... Do you know Gilbert Sullivan ? No , I 've not had a chance to meet all the new crew members . They 're composers , from the 19th century . Data was rehearsing " HMS Pinafore " just before he left . A British tar is a soaring soul as free as a mountain bird his fist should be ready to resist a dictatorial word Sing , Worf . - His nose should pant - and his lips should curl - his cheeks should flame - and his brow should furl - his bosom should heave - and his heart should glow and his fist be ever ready for a knockdown blow his nose should pant and his lips should curl his cheeks should flame and his brow should furl his bosom should heave and his heart should glow and his fist be ever ready for a knockdown blow Prepare the docking clamps . His eyes should flash with an inborn fire his brow with scorn be wrung he never should bow down to a domineering frown or the tang of a tyrant tongue - his heart should stamp - and his throat should growl - his hair should curl - and his face should scowl - his eyes should flash - and his breast protrude and this should be his customary attitude his foot should stamp and his voice should drop his hair should curl and his face ... If we do not release him , he may destroy both vessels . I 'm not letting go of him . - We must stabilise . - All power to inertial dampers . - The auto-sequencer is damaged . - Transfer control to manual . Auto-sequencer realigned . Engaging stabilisers . - Damping field established . - Maximum power . Now , Mr Worf . Commander Data is safely in custody . - Captain , Subahdar Gallatin . - Lt. Curtis , Dougherty 's attaché . - Are you all right ? - We 've been treated extremely well . They have incredible mental discipline and perception . - My name is Sojef . - Jean-Luc Picard . Dr Crusher and Counsellor Troi . - Would you like something to eat ? - No , we 're here to rescue them . As you wish . I would ask you to disarm yourselves . This village is a sanctuary of life . Prepare the hostages for transport . They should be quarantined before joining the ship 's population . We believed they were being held against their will . It 's not our custom to hold anyone against their will . The android told us they were our enemies , and that more would follow . Are you our enemy ? Non-interference in other cultures is my people 's prime directive . Your directive apparently doesn 't include spying on other cultures . The android is a member of my crew . Apparently , he was taken ill . We were unable to repair the phase variance in his positronic matrix . The captain finds it hard to believe we possess such technical skills . Not applying our technological abilities is a matter of choice . Creating a machine to do man 's work takes something away from man . At one time , we explored the galaxy , just as you do . - You have warp capability ? - Capability , yes . But where can warp drive take us except away from here ? I apologise for our intrusion . Because they have warp capability , the consequences will be minimal . Terrific job . Now pack your bags and get the hell out of there . - How 's Data ? - La Forge is doing the diagnostic . Rendezvous with us to transfer crew and equipment on your way out . - You 're not finished here ? - Just a few loose ends to tie up . Come in . - Have you got a minute ? - Sure . - I need a little counselling . - That 's a first . Do I lie down , or what ? Whatever makes you comfortable , but it isn 't a therapeutic posture . - But it is comfortable . - Why don 't you try sitting up ? Why don 't you try lying down ? You 're in quite a mood today . Did you just come down here to play ? - I 'm having a mid-life crisis . - I believe you . - I 'm not sleeping well . - Dr Crusher can help . What I need I can 't get from Dr Crusher . Can two people go back in time and fix a mistake they 've made ? On this ship , anything 's possible . Yuk ! - I never kissed you with a beard . - I kiss you , and you say " yuk " ! I reconstructed Data 's neural net and replaced these memory engrams . - How were they damaged ? - By a Son 'a weapon . - He malfunctioned after they fired ? - I believe so . - Why would they fire on him first ? - A shot caused him to malfunction . His ethical subroutines then took over . So he still knew the difference between right and wrong . The system prevents anyone from taking advantage of his memory loss . Yet he attacked us and told the Ba 'ku we were a threat . - Are the implants bothering you ? - No , I 'm just tired . - Geordi ? Captain ? - You 're on the Enterprise , Data . I seem to be missing several memory engrams . There they are . What 's the last thing you remember ? - His nose should pant ... - From the mission . I was gathering phsyiometric data on the Ba 'ku . Some children walked into the hills . Artim , where were you the day the android appeared to us ? - In the hills by the dam . - Can you show us ? There is no reason to fear me . I am operating within normal parameters . They fixed me . - The boy is afraid of me . - It 's nothing personal . - These people rejected technology . - I am technology personified . That young man has never seen a machine that walks and talks . Bridge to Riker . - Can I get back to you , Worf ? - It 's Admiral Dougherty . Patch him through . Yes , Admiral ? - Why haven 't you left orbit ? - Picard is still on the surface . He wants an explanation as to why Data malfunctioned . His future at Starfleet depends on it . Remind the Captain his 12 hours are up . Dougherty out . Your body is producing far too many toxins . We 've reached the limit of genetic manipulation . I won 't need any more genetic manipulation if our Federation friends will allow us to complete this mission . Tricorder functions are limited due to kelbonite deposits in the area . How about a passive radiation scan ? There appear to be strong neutrino emissions coming from the lake . Can he breathe underwater ? Data doesn 't breathe . - Won 't he rust ? - No . Captain ! I believe I know what is causing the neutrino emissions . The vessel is clearly Federation in origin . " Just a few loose ends to tie up ! " - We 're not interested in this . - I am . - It would be wiser ... - I 'm going with you . It is a holographic projection . Incomplete , I might add . This is a computer-driven image created by photons and forcefields . I know what a hologram is . Why would anyone want to create one of our village ? If you were following the children and discovered this ship ... I may have been shot to protect the secret of its existence . Why would they duplicate this village except to deceive the Ba 'ku ? - Deceive us ? - To move you off this planet . You 'd fall asleep in your village and wake up on this flying holodeck . Transported en masse , and in a few days relocated on a similar planet without ever realising it . Why would the Federation wish to move the Ba 'ku ? I don 't know . Computer , end program . De-cloak the vessel . Help ! I can 't swim . Don 't panic . I 've been shot at on a ship that has come to abduct us . What 's there to panic about ? For water landings , I am designed to serve as a flotation device . Did the hostages mention anything about a cloaked ship ? - No , sir . - Debrief them again . - Have you been in a fight ? - No , it is a gorch . A pimple , sir . Well ... it 's hardly noticeable . Smooth as an android 's bottom . - Dougherty noticed we haven 't left . - We 're not going anywhere . Deck 5 . Klingons never do anything small . - Dr Crusher asked to speak to you . - Picard to Crusher . The Son 'a hostages declined to be examined . - And our people ? - They 're fine . In fact they 're better than fine . Improved muscle tone , high energy . Very well , Doctor . Don 't release the Son 'a officers until I 've talked to Ahdar Ru 'afo . Commander , may I ? Computer , music . - Not that , something Latin . - Specify . The mambo . That 's more like it . How old are you ? Our solar system was on the verge of self-annihilation . Technology had created weapons that threatened to destroy all life . A small group of us set off to find a new home . A home that would be isolated from the threats of other worlds . - That was 309 years ago . - And you haven 't aged since then . I was a lot older when we arrived , in terms of my physical condition . There 's a metaphasic radiation coming from the planet 's rings . It regenerates our genetic structure . - You must have noticed the effects . - We 've just begun to . - I suppose you 're 75 . - No , I 'm 12 . The radiation won 't affect him until he reaches maturity . What you have here is more valuable than gold-pressed latinum . That 's the reason someone may be trying to take your world from you . The android was right . If it wasn 't for Data , it 's probable that you would be relocated by now . The moment we pick up a weapon we become one of them . - We lose everything we are . - It may not come to that . The architects of this conspiracy want to keep it a secret . Not only from you , but from my people , as well . I don 't intend to let them . We 've always known that to survive we had to remain apart . Many of the young people want to know more about the offland . They 're attracted to stories of a faster pace of life . Most of my people would sell their souls to slow life down . But not you ? There are days . You don 't live up to your reputation as an offlander . In defence of offlanders , there are many more people like me . Who wouldn 't be tempted by the promise of perpetual youth ? You give me more credit than I deserve . Of course I 'm tempted . But some of the darkest chapters in the history of my world involve the forced relocation of one people to satisfy another . I had hoped that we had learned from our mistakes , but it seems that some of us haven 't . - Extraordinary craftsmanship . - It 's the work of students . They 're almost ready to become apprentices . In 30 or 40 years some of them will become artisans . Apprenticing for 30 years ... Did your people 's mental discipline develop here ? More questions . Always the explorer . - If you stay , that will change . - Will it ? You stop reviewing the past , stop planning for tomorrow . Let me ask you a question : Have you ever experienced a perfect moment in time ? When time seemed to stop , and you could almost live in that moment ? Seeing my home planet from space , for the first time . Yes , exactly . Nothing more complicated than perception . You explore the universe . We discovered that a single moment in time can be a universe in itself . Full of powerful forces . Most people aren 't aware enough of the now to even notice . I wish I could spare a few centuries to learn . It took us centuries to learn that it doesn 't have to take that long . There 's one thing I don 't understand . In 300 years , you never learned to swim ? I haven 't got around to it yet . I wonder if you 're aware of the trust you engender . - It 's unusual ... - For an offlander ? For someone so young . - Geordi ? - Captain . There wasn 't anything wrong with my implants . There was something right with my eyes . Dr Crusher found that the cells around my optic nerve had started to regenerate . It may not last . And if it doesn 't I just wanted , before we go ... You know , I 've never seen a sunrise . At least not the way you see them . Come . Am I to understand that you 're not releasing my men ? We found the holoship . - Let the captain and me ... - No ! This entire mission has been one Federation blunder after another . Return my men , or this alliance will end with your ship 's destruction . You 're looking well , Jean-Luc . Rested . I won 't let you move them . I will take this to the Federation Council . I 'm acting on their orders . To abandon our prime directive ? These people are not indigenous . They 're not meant to be immortal . We 'll be restoring them to their natural evolution . Who the hell are we to determine the course of evolution ? There are 600 people there . The regenerative properties of this radiation could help billions . The Son 'a can collect metaphasic particles from the planet 's rings . - The planet is in Federation space . - Our planet , their technology . A technology we can 't duplicate . You know what that makes us ? - Partners . - Our partners are petty thugs . On Earth , petroleum once turned petty thugs into world leaders . Warp drive created a Romulan empire . We can handle the Son 'a . We probably said the same about the Romulans . Lifespans will be doubled . An entire new medical science will evolve . Your chief engineer has the use of his eyes for the first time . Will you take that away from him ? With the whole Briar Patch , why does it have to be this one planet ? The concentration in the rings makes it work . They 'll inject something into the rings and start a reaction . - The planet will be uninhabitable . - Delay them , let us study it . Our best scientific minds can 't find any other way to do this . The Son 'a can establish a separate colony on the planet until we do . It would take ten years ' exposure to reverse their condition . Some of them won 't survive that long . Besides , who would want to live in the Briar Patch ? The Ba 'ku . We are betraying the principles upon which the Federation was founded . It 's an attack upon its very soul . And it will destroy the Ba 'ku . Cultures have been destroyed in every forced relocation in history . Jean-Luc , we 're only moving 600 people . How many people does it take before it becomes wrong ? 1,000 ? 50,000 ? A million ? How many people does it take ? You 'll proceed to the Goren system , and release the Son 'a officers . File whatever protests you wish to . By the time you do , this will all be done . Gallatin ! The righteous Starfleet captain finally released you . - Any problems on the surface ? - No , sir . But it wasn 't easy being among them . Just don 't forget what they did to us . We 'll have them rounded up in a day or two . We needn 't bother with a holoship anymore . Get the holding cells ready . I 'm going to miss these little flesh-stretching sessions of ours . Re-routing the transport grid to avoid detection was wise . However , the transporter is rarely used after 02 : 00 hours . - Going out for a spin ? - Seven tons of explosives . Tetryon pulse launchers and isomagnetic disintegrators . - A hunting trip ? - Return to your quarters . - That 's an order . - No uniform , no orders . How can I look at a sunrise , knowing what my sight cost these people ? Exposure could stimulate rebellious instincts common to youth which would affect everyone 's judgement ... except mine . What do you think we should do ? Saddle up . Lock and load . They won 't begin the procedure while the planet is inhabited . Ourjob is to keep the planet inhabited . We 'll show what 's happening here . Make the Council see the Ba 'ku . Then it won 't be so easy to turn a blind eye to their suffering . - I 'll be back before you know it . - We 'll hold out as long as we can . The injector performs perfectly in every simulation . The Enterprise left orbit , but a support craft is on the surface . It 's the Captain 's yacht . Five persons on board . We 're not waiting . Get everyone off the surface tonight . Gallatin . If Picard or any of his people interfere ... eliminate them . We 're leaving the village . Take only what you need . Bring food . We may not be back for days . It 's a transport inhibitor . It will prevent anyone being beamed off the surface . Kelbonite in the hills will interfere with their transporters . Where there aren 't any deposits we 'll use transport inhibitors . The mountains are full of kelbonite . - Transport will be difficult there . - There are caves in the mountains . Good , but they 're not going to make it easy for us to get there . Captain , we activated the transport inhibitors around the village . Move these people out ! - The transporters won 't function . - They 're using inhibitors . Locate and destroy them . You 're carrying too much . We have a long climb ahead of us . Three transport inhibitors down . There 's a gap in the field . Father ! Kelbonite deposits are blocking our transporters . - Recommendations ? - Let me talk to Picard . Talk ! We should send down an assault team . If people get hurt , all the support we have in the Federation ... Federation support , Federation procedures , Federation rules . Look in the mirror , the Federation is old . In the past 24 months , they 've been challenged by every major power . The Borg , the Cardassians , the Dominion . They all smell the scent of death on the Federation . You embraced our offer to give the Federation new life . How badly do you want it ? There are hard choices to be made . If news gets through of your captain 's brave struggle , - - Federation politicians will waver . There will be a public debate . Federation allies will want their say ... Need I go on ? Isolinear tags would allow our transporters to lock onto them . We 'd have to tag every one of them . We don 't have the time . In 19 hours the Enterprise will be able to contact the Federation . - I 'll order Riker to turn around . - Picard 's first officer . Do you really believe he 'll listen ? My ships could intercept the Enterprise . I could send them to escort it back . But Commander Riker might not want to come . Send your ships . - Do you like being a machine ? - I aspire to be more than I am . I know why . So people like us won 't be afraid of you anymore . Don 't you ever get tired ? My power cells continually recharge themselves . I can 't imagine what it 's like to be a machine . I have often tried to imagine what it is like to be a child . Really ? For one thing , your legs are shorter than everyone else 's . But they are in a constant state of growth . - Is it difficult to adapt ? - Adapt ? A child 's specifications change from one moment to the next . - Do you trip over your own feet ? - Sometimes . My legs are exactly 87.2 cm in length . They were 87.2 cm the day I was created . They will be 87.2 cm the day I go off-line . I depend on specifications that do not change . I will never experience growing up or tripping over my own feet . But you 've never had adults telling you what to do all the time . I 'd accept that in exchange for knowing what childhood is like . - Do machines ever play ? - I play the violin . - My chess is quite advanced . - No , I mean play for fun . Androids do not have fun . If you want to know what it 's like to be a child , learn to play . - Captain . - Worf , you need a haircut . Rapid hair growth is experienced by Klingons during Jak 'tahla . Puberty . Although for a Klingon that scarcely does it justice . Any mood swings or aggressive tendencies , you let me know at once . Yes , sir . The Ba 'ku need some rest . According to the geo-scan , this is a safe area . Very well , break out some rations . The caves are just over that ridge . We can hide there . The Son 'a will know that as well as we do . It 's been 300 years since I 've seen a bald man . Why did you never marry . Don 't tell me it 's because you haven 't got around to it yet . What 's the rush ? I should warn you , I 've always been attracted to older women . How are you doing this ? No more questions . - Two Son 'a ships approaching . - ETA ? - 18 minutes . - We can 't transmit for one hour . - They 're hailing us . - Tell them our receiver is down . - I don 't think they believe us . - Why not ? Photon torpedo . A universal method of communication . Yes , when you don 't like someone . - Full impulse . - The manifolds can 't handle it . If we don 't outrun them , it won 't matter . - I 'll be in engineering . - Battle stations ! Have your boobs started to firm up ? Not that we care about such things in this day and age . Thank you , Data . I 've an odd craving for the blood of a live Kolar beast . This environment is affecting me . Have you noticed how your boobs have started to firm up ? Take cover ! Isolinear tags . Transporters can lock onto them . There 's a cavern at the base of the next hill . - Shields at 60 % . - Engineering to bridge . We 're going to blow ourselves up without help from the Son 'a ! - What 's inside that nebula cluster ? - Cometary debris . Metreon gas . - We don 't want go in there . - Yes , we do . It 's time to use the Briar Patch the way Brer Rabbit did . Inside the caves , quickly . This way . Aggressive tendencies . They 've detonated an isolytic burst . A subspace tear is forming . Subspace weapons were banned by the Khitomer accord . - I 'll lodge a protest . - Our warp core is magnetised . We 're pulling the tear like a zipper across space . - We could eject the core . - Will that stop the tear ? You got me . - Is that your expert opinion ? - It might neutralise the cascade . Subspace weapons are unpredictable . That 's why they 're banned . The tear is closing on us . Impact in 15 seconds . Eject the core . - I just did . - Impact in ten seconds . Detonate ! Get me a medic over here . It worked . The tear is sealed . But there 's nothing to stop them from doing it again . - Transmission range : 36 minutes . - We 're through running . Another 43 reported taken . They 're trying to drive us out so their drones can tag us . The structural integrity of this cavern won 't hold for long . - Is there another way out of here ? - Let 's track the water 's course . I 'm reading a nitrogen-oxygen flow behind that calcite formation . Will this structure hold if we blast through ? I believe it is safe . Fire . Get everybody into those caves . Set up a forcefield . - Are those pockets of metreon gas ? - Yes , highly volatile . I want to use the ram-scoop to collect as much of it as we can . - The purpose being ? - To shove it down their throats . - If the gas ignites ... - It 's our only way out of here . History will remember this as the Riker manoeuvre . Access manual steering column . - Controls to manual . - Storage cells are at maximum . They 're powering forward weapons . Blow out the ram-scoop . Ram-scoop released . Captain . - Keep these people moving . - Bring them out . It won 't be long before the drones get here . Keep moving ! There are caves on higher ground . We 'll be safe there . Take a look at this med-scan . His DNA profile . - How can that be possible ? - Maybe we should ask them . Artim , what are you doing ? Come ! Is this the last group ? Get them ready to move out . Anij went to find Artim . - Go with Tournel ! - No , I want to stay with you ! - Worf to Picard ! - Two life-signs , one is faint . There are almost four metric tons of rock blocking our way . That might cause another cave-in . Anij ? - Worf to Picard . - Yes , I can hear you . We 're trying to get to you , sir . Anij ... Help is on the way . - Hurry , Anij is hurt . - How bad is she ? - I 'm losing her . - We 're coming as fast as we can . Anij , stay with me . Help me find the power to keep you in this moment . Don 't let go of this moment . - She 's stabilising . - Is it safe to move her ? Safer than leaving her here . And you thought it would take centuries to learn . Order them to surrender . You won 't be court-martialled . A court martial will let the people know what is happening here . The Enterprise has destroyed one ship , the other is on fire . The Enterprise was defending itself . Ru 'afo must have attacked . I can 't believe that he didn 't have your consent , Admiral . I wonder which one of us will be facing that court martial . - There 's nothing to be gained here . - Right , this is going to end now . - I 'm going to launch the injector . - No , you 're not . In six hours , every living thing in this system will be dead . You would kill your own people ? Your own parents ? Brothers , sisters ? Didn 't you know ? The Son 'a and the Ba 'ku are the same race . Picard just told us . Our DNA is identical . Which one were you ? Gal 'na ? Ro 'tin ? - They 're gone forever . - What 's he talking about ? A century ago , some young people wanted to live like offlanders . - They tried to take over . - And you exiled us to die slowly . You 're Ro 'tin , aren 't you ? There 's something in the voice . Would you be his friend , Gal 'na ? I helped your mother bathe you . She still speaks of you . You brought the Federation into the middle of a blood feud . The children have returned to expel their elders . Except Ru 'afo 's need for revenge has escalated into parricide . It was for the Federation . It was all for the Federation . We 're taking this ship out of here . This mission is over . - It is not over . - It is over . I do not take orders from you ! If you launch the injector , the Federation will pursue you ... The Federation will never know what happened here . Admiral Dougherty won 't be joining us . Deploy the collector . - Do you have a problem with that ? - May I talk to you alone ? - Deploy the collector . - Yes , sir . - You want to kill them all ? - No one hated them more than you . We 've come a long way . This is the moment we 've planned for so long . Transfer all Starfleet personnel to the cargo hold . See that Picard joins them . The shields in that section won 't protect them from the heat . Thank you for reminding me . Jean-Luc . Come with me . It must have been strange for you as a hostage , surrounded by all the friends and family you once knew . All looking exactly as they did then . Like looking through the eyes of childhood again . And here you are , closing those eyes . Trying not to see what bitterness has done to the Son 'a . How it 's turned Ru 'afo into a madman . And you ... It 's turned you into a coward . A man who denies his own conscience . Get in . A coward without the moral courage to prevent an atrocity . - Are you pleading for your life ? - I 'm not pleading for my life . I 'm pleading for yours . You can still go home , Gal 'na . Computer , close turbolift doors . You 're asking me to do the impossible . - You can disable the injector . - From the bridge . - The crew is loyal to Ru 'afo . - Perhaps we can lure him away . As soon as he realises something is wrong , he 'll override my commands . He may not realise something is wrong . Get me to a transmitter . I need to speak with Data and Worf down on the planet . Initiate separation . Separation in three minutes . A small craft is approaching . It 's powering up its weapons . - On screen . - One person aboard , the android . He 's no threat . Data to Picard . They 're ignoring my attack . Keep firing into the shield . Is Worf in position ? - Yes , he 's ready for transport . - We 're approaching the bridge . - Separation in one minute . - He 's disrupting our shields . If they go out of phase , we 'll be exposed to the reaction . Very well , destroy that ship . Do not delay the countdown . Data to Picard . They are rotating their shield harmonics . I am attempting to return to the surface . - The Federation ship has been hit . - Separation in 20 seconds . - What 's that ? - I don 't know . - The systems don 't seem affected . - Separation in ten seconds . Five seconds . The injector assembly has separated . Exactly as the simulations predicted . I 'm not showing any change in metaphasic flux levels . - Your scanners are malfunctioning . - All ship functions are off-line . How can there be no ship functions if the view screen is working ? Artificial gravity is stable . Life support is ... A holodeck ! We were transported to the holoship when we reset our shields . Everything we saw was an illusion . Ru 'afo , authorisation Delta 2-1 . Override all commands to injector assembly one . Unable to comply . Injector assembly one has been deactivated . All injector sub-systems aboard the collector are off-line . De-cloak the holoship and engage a tractor beam . The crew know something is wrong . I 've secured the bridge . We have 14 long-range transporters . Are they all useless ? They were locked after we were beamed here . Isolate one and re-route it through the auxiliary processor . There 's nothing we can do . They have control of our ship . I 'm not going back to our ship . - Worf , destroy that thing . - Aye , sir . - Weapons systems are off-line . - They 're re-routing controls . The collector launch sequence has resumed . Collector shields have been raised . Someone 's on board . - It 's Ru 'afo . - Can you override the launch ? Not without access codes . There is self-destruct on the collector . - Try to beam through those shields . - It has to be detonated manually . Transport is possible between the shield generators within 100 metres . Take us into position . Remain at your post . - I need you to beam me back . - We 're approaching the collector . When the fuel tanks start venting , weapons fire may ignite the exhaust . Separation in 2 minutes and 15 seconds . Intruder alert . Captain ! Worf ? Captain Picard is on board the collector . Enterprise to Picard ! Do you need assistance ? - I may need a lift in a minute . - We 're on our way . Separation in one minute . - Report . - It 's Ru 'afo 's ship ! On screen . Sensors are reading over 100 Ba 'ku on board and one Klingon . Target their ventral engines and life support . Collision course . Stop ! - We 're getting too old for this . - Soon that won 't be a problem . Separation in 30 seconds . You 're really going to risk igniting the exhaust ? All right , I will ! - Shields at 60 % . - Hold your course . - He wouldn 't . - Yes , he would . Now ! Stand by , Captain . We 're on our way . Sorry , time 's up . What kept you , Number One ? The Federation Council has halted the Ba 'ku relocation . There 'll be a top-level review . - Ru 'afo 's ship is hailing us . - On screen . The Son 'a crew want a cease-fire . We have three minutes of air left . Prepare to beam aboard . How will we feel when we leave this metaphasic radiation ? Your feelings about her haven 't changed . This place just let them out for a little fresh air . - How can we bring them back home ? - Ask them . I 'm afraid there 's too much bitterness on both sides . Mother and son . - You arranged this ? - To begin the healing process . What am I going to do without you ? I wish I could stay ... But these are perilous times for the Federation . I can 't abandon it to people who would threaten everything I 've spent a lifetime defending . I have to go back ... If only to slow things down at the Federation Council . I have 318 days of shore leave coming , and I intend to use them . Data ? It 's time to go . I have to go home now . - Bye . - Bye . Mr Data , I hope we 'll see you again . Data ! Don 't forget , you have to have a little fun every day . Good advice . Picard to Enterprise . Seven to beam up . Energize . English subtitles - IFT
