 I foresee a rocky romantic affair between superstar Madonna ... and super witness Kato Kaelin . That 's a gimme . That 's not really going out on a limb , is it ? I foresee author J.D. Salinger finally publishing a new novel ... and hitting the talkshow circuit to promote it . That 's just playing the odds . I foresee the revelation that not Elvis ... but rather Buddy Holly is still alive , having faked his own death so many years ago . Holly will not only reemerge but also regroup with the Crickets ... and they will headline in next year 's Lalapala ... Lalapazoola ? What the hell is Lalapalazzo ? Who 's Buddy Holly ? just give me my lotto ticket and a pint of malt scotch whiskey . - Anything else ? - Yeah . One of these . - Sorry . - Don 't apologize . You 're a better dancer than my last date . So , what has brought you to Madam Zelma ? Well , can you really know ... everything about me just by looking at my hands ? The palms tell me all . I would just like for you to be able to tell me ... why am I going to be doing the things I 'm going to be doing ? Madam Zelma , she 's a palm reader , not a psychologist . I know , I know . It 's just ... I think I 've somehow caught a glimpse of my own future . Myself . And I see me doing things that ... just seem so out of character for me . These are things that not only do I not want to be doing , but I can 't even imagine myself capable of doing . And yet , there I am . I 'm doing them . Mister . Please , you 're hurting me . I know . I know . And I 'm sorry , but you 're a fortune-teller . - You should have seen this coming . - Please ... They say the eyes capture the last image a murder victim sees before they 're killed . - So what did they say about the entrails ? - Yuck . Is it true you asked for some help in this case ? This guy is supposed to be an expert at this sort of thing . I heard he was a bit unorthodox . - He comes highly recommended . - Yeah . I saw him on TV . Okay , so he 's a publicity hound . As long as he gets results . I once worked on a case he did . Very spooky . As long as he gives us leads , I don 't care how big a kook ... - Who the hell are you ? - I 'm Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . Oh , I forget you were coming aboard I 'm Cline . This is Havez . We 're thinking this guy might be a satanist . What , with the eyeballs . Satanists take the eyeballs and leave the body , not vice versa . And not in anything but modern myths . He 's gouging eyes for no reason ? Nobody does anything without a reason . We 've already composed a profile of the killer . We offer possible explanations for the nature of his attacks ... and also his choice of victims . - Does it explain the entrails ? - Anthropomancy . It was once believed you could divine your future by vivisecting ... a human being and studying the entrails . So this guy is hacking up people in order to see his future ? There 's a possible connection with victims being prognosticators . Till this one . She was a professional doll collector . And an amateur tasseographer . She read tea leaves . After drinking the tea , you can gain insight into your future ... by examining the pattern of the leaves on the bottom of the cup . You believe this stuff ? I 'm not convinced of its accuracy , but I 'm pretty sure the victim was . Why ? The leaves were telling her she was about to be murdered . - Mr. Yappi , I appreciate you coming down here . - Quiet ! Yes . I 'm seeing visions . Visions of the killer . He does not feel like he 's in control of his own life . Very important . That 's why he kills . Yes . - Can you see what he looks like ? - He looks like ... a white man with facial hair ... or not . But he has ... Yes ! A tattoo somewhere on his body . Maybe the tattoo has the facial hair . I think . Hmm ! I see him here forcing himself , yes , on the girl . But he cannot perform . So he is taking out his rage . It 's gone . I lost the vision . Someone is blocking me . I am picking up negative energy . Please , leave this room . - I 'm part of this investigation . - You give off negative energy . I assure you , Mr. Yappi , I 'm a believer in psychic ability . So you say with your mouth , but your thoughts tell me the truth . Agent Mulder , please . I can 't take you anywhere . Now , excuse me . I have an interview to give . Skeptics like you make me sick . Mr. Yappi , read this thought . So 's your old man . It 's too bad about your negative energy . You missed quite a performance . Look what he did to my pen . Let me impress you with my psychic ability . Mr. Yappi proclaimed the victim 's body would be found near water . He saw a church or a school in the vicinity . He got a flash of the letter " S " and / or the number 7 . - So what 's your point ? - His leads are so vague as to be practically useless . Yet easily interpreted as correct after the fact . He said that the killer doesn 't feel in control of his own life . - That 's true of everyone at times . - He said a lot of other things . Yeah , and some are bound by percentages to be right . But most will turn out wrong . Which is which ? Look , all I know is that Yappi has provided ... more solid , concrete leads on this case than you have . Now , if you don 't mind , I have to get an A.P.B. out ... on a white male , 17 to 34 , with or without a beard , maybe a tattoo , who 's impotent . Let 's go . Might as well go home , Mulder . This case is as good as solved . You see , the thing is , we were really hoping to buy a boat . Mr. Gordon , as a young husband , I think you 're going to find that your new responsibilities to your family ... take precedence over your recreational needs . But this is a really good boat . You don 't get it , do you , kid ? Two years from now ... while driving down Route 91 ... coming home to your wife and baby daughter , you 're going to be hit head-on by a drunk ... driving a blue ' 87 Mustang . You 'll end up looking worse than 60 feet of bad road your body slides across ... after flying out your front windshield . Mister , you really need to work on your closing technique . Oh , no , no , no , no . Not your lighter , Mrs. Lowe . I want your garbage . Get out of here , you monster ! Is everything all right , Mrs. Lowe ? You have enough supplies ? You have enough dog food ? Oh , God . It 's kind of creepy , isn 't it ? The Stupendous Yappi said the first victim 's body has been dumped somewhere . Then we find it in a dumpster . Ooh , I just got a chill down my spine . Who found the body ? According to the police report , Mr. Bruckman , you didn 't touch the body after you found her . Why would I want to ? But you reported that you found a body with its eyes cut out . The body was face down . If you didn 't move it , how did you know the eyes had been removed ? They had been , hadn 't they ? Then what are you complaining about ? How had the eyes been cut out ? By a piece of crystal ball , of all cockamamie things . We did find crystal shards on the body . How do you know it was from a crystal ball ? Well , it just figures . I mean , if a guy goes to kill a fortune-teller , he 's obviously going to assault her with her own crystal ball ... and use the shattered piece as a sort of lance . Isn 't he ? How much have you heard about the recent slayings in town ? just that some nut is going around killing fortune-tellers ... and ripping their eyes and entrails out . How did you know about the entrails ? That hasn 't been released to the press . I never read the papers . Too depressing . Mr. Bruckman . I 'm sorry , Mr. Bruckman , but I 'm gonna have to ask you to come with us . Step inside , Mr. Bruckman . What is this all about ? A murder occurred here earlier this evening , and we have reason to believe that it was committed by the same person ... who murdered the woman that you found . - Is there anything you can tell us about it ? - I didn 't do it . You 're not under suspicion . But I do harbor a suspicion that you can see things about this crime . Things that we can 't see . - I-I-I 'm not sure I understand what you mean . - I think you do . Yeah , yeah , right . I 'd like to see both your badges again right now . I don 't blame you , Mr. Bruckman . I 'm supposed to believe that 's a real name ? What is this all about ? I found a dead body in my dumpster . I reported it to the police . And now suddenly I 'm accused of doing things ? Or being able to do things that I couldn 't possib ... - Pinch me . This guy 's performing the same routine as the Stupendous Yappi . He 's just doing it in a different style . No , something told me , is telling me , that this guy 's for real . Oh , so now you 're psychic ? The killer , he doesn 't feel like he 's in control of his own life . I mean , like , who is ? Am I right ? But this guy ... He truly believes ... he sees himself as some kind of a ... puppet . Can you describe him ? Do you get a visual impression of him ? So you can see into him but not at him ? I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to give off any negative energy . Negative energy ? What is this ... What is it ? What do you see ? He 's having sex with her . There . - Is he raping her ? - Oh , no . Not at all . In fact , she 's instigating the whole thing . Then what 's wrong ? Sometimes it just seems ... that everyone is having sex except for me . Mr. Bruckman , can you tell us why the killer is murdering people ... in the way that he is ? Why does anyone do the things they do ? Why do I sell insurance ? I wish I knew . Why did this woman collect dolls ? What was it about her life ? Was it one specific moment where she suddenly said , " I know . Dolls . " Or was it a whole series of things ? Starting when her parents first met . And somehow combined in such a way that ... in the end she had no choice but to be a doll collect ... You 'll find a woman tomorrow morning ... by the fat , little white Nazi storm trooper ... Glenview Lake . Her body 's floating in Glenview Lake . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I think I 've seen enough deaths for one night . Here you go . Is she from around here ? Be honest , Scully . Doesn 't that propane tank ... bear more than as light resemblance to a little , fat white Nazi storm trooper ? Mulder , the human mind naturally seeks meaningful patterns ... in things that don 't inherently have any . Given the suggestion of a particular image , you can 't help but see that shape somewhere . If that tank weren 't there , you 'd see it in a rock or in a tree ... Did you answer my question ? Yes , it looks like a fat white Nazi storm trooper , but that proves my point . He named the specific body of water the victim would be found in . That only implies that he was the one that put her in there . - I don 't believe he 's the killer . - I don 't believe he 's psychic . If he 's not , how did he know where the body would be found ? Maybe he 's just lucky . Thirty-eight , forty and forty-four . Once again , the winning lotto numbers are ... - Why ? - Eight , twelve ... - Why do I do this to myself ? Come in . I knew it was you . I know why you 're here . You 're here because you found that body where I told you it would be . And now you 're convinced I have some sort of psychic power . So while your skeptical lady partner is off performing an autopsy , you came here to ask my help ... catching this serial murderer . Everything you said is correct . Oh , it 's you . I won 't help you . Please leave . - But you do admit to having this gift . - Oh , I got it , all right . The only problem is , it 's non returnable . You possess an ability that not only has staggering implications ... upon physics and human consciousness , but it 's one which most people , myself included , would be envious of , yet you seem to treat it with disdain . Do you want to know how you 're gonna die ? Yes , I would . No , you don 't . Of course , not knowing has its own drawbacks , which is why a good insurance policy is so important . I don 't know what kind of coverage the F.B.I. has , but General Mutual has ... Mr. Bruckman , this murderer has already committed four homicides . And he 'll commit more whether I help you or not . - How can you be so sure ? - How could I see the future if it didn 't already exist ? But if the future is written , then why bother to do anything ? Now you 're catching on . Mr. Bruckman , I believe in your ability but not your attitude . I can 't stand by and watch people die without doing everything ... in my albeit un-supernatural power to interfere with that fate . You see , that 's another reason I can 't help you catch this guy . I might adversely affect the fate of the future . His next victim might be the mother of the daughter ... whose son invents the time machine . Then the son goes back in time and changes world history . And then Columbus never discovers America , man never lands on the moon , the U.S. never invades Grenada ... or something less significant , resulting in the fact that my father never meets my mother ... and , consequently , I 'm never born . So when do we start ? I don 't know what it is , but it belonged to one of the victims . That 's a hit . In psychical research parlance , a correct guess is a hit . An incorrect guess is a miss . The guy who cast the mold for this ... will die of prostate cancer at the age of 82 . - Hit or miss ? - I have no way of verifying that information . Then why 'd you ask me ? Do you receive any other impressions from it ? It 's ugly . Next . I was told you were interrogating a suspect , but something tells me ... I 'm now convinced of our psychic 's ability , Scully . Or rather , his one ability . He is able to divine how people are gonna die . But that 's all . He can 't provide any practical information on our case . I got it ! This is yours . This is from your New York Knicks T-shirt . Miss . This is worse than playing the lotto . Try reading this . Save me the headache , Scully . What is it ? It was found on the woman pulled from the lake . Identical key chains were found on two of the other victims . I managed to trace the insignia to an investment firm called Uranus Unlimited . They provide market strategies based on astrological forecasts . - The company is owned by a man named ... - Claude Duckenfield . Age 43 . 316 Roundview Lane . Divorced with two children . Makes about 87,000 a year . - Nonsmoker . - Was that a hit or a miss ? As far as I know , that 's correct . You got all that information just by handling that key chain ? Oh , no . I sold him a policy a couple of months ago . just a coincidence . In any case , we 're trying to get a hold of him . You won 't be able to . He 's been murdered . We 're almost there . How are you receiving this information about the body 's location ? How should I know ? I mean , are you seeing it in a vision or is it a sensation ? - How do you know where to go ? - I just know . - But how do you know ? - I don 't know . Look , it 's just up ahead . There are worse ways to go , but I can 't think of a more undignified one ... than autoerotic asphyxiation . Why are you telling me that ? Look . Forget I mentioned it . It 's none of my business . Oops . Pull over here . Stop . Stop . This is the spot . I guess you run into a lot of dead bodies in your line of work . You get used to it . I never have . I 'm not sure you 're supposed to . Do you remember the first time you foresaw someone 's death ? 1959 . - What happened in 1959 ? - Buddy Holly 's plane crashed . - You prognosticated Buddy Holly 's death ? - Oh , God , no . Why would I want to do that ? But I did have a ticket to see him perform the next night . Actually , I was a bigger fan of the Big Bopper than Buddy Holly . " Chantilly Lace . " That was the song . I 'm not following you . The Big Bopper was not supposed to be on the plane with Buddy Holly . He won the seat from somebody else by flipping a coin for it . I 'm still not following . Imagine all the things that had to occur , not only in his life but in everybody else 's , to arrange it so that on that particular night ... the Big Bopper would be in a position ... to live or die depending on a flipping coin . I became so obsessed with that idea ... that I gradually became capable of seeing ... the specifics of everybody 's death . I 'm not one who readily believes in that kind of thing . And if I was , I still wouldn 't believe that story . I know it sounds crazy , but I swear it 's true . I was a bigger fan of the Big Bopper than Buddy Holly . Where 's the body ? Mr. Bruckman , I don 't understand how you could know ... that this is the exact area , but you can 't pinpoint the exact spot . I guess I can 't see the forest for the trees . Okay , now . I 'm glad I could bring a little smile into your life , Mr. Bruckman . I 'm not smiling . I 'm wincing . What is this ? The only evidence recovered from Claude Duckenfield 's body . That fiber may have come from something the killer was wearing at the time of the crime . Don 't you have crime labs that analyze these things for you ? Yes . Yes , we do . But it will take them time to provide any information . A similar fiber was found on one of the earlier victims , and we 're still waiting for the lab to determine its source . You 'd be saving us a great deal of work . Look , I 've got my own work to do . I 'm not a crime fighter by trade . Mr. Bruckman , I can 't speak for my partner , but I 'm desperate ... for some insurance . General Mutual has some very comprehensive coverage ... No . I can 't tell you where this is from , but-but ... the killer 's gonna kill more people before you catch him . Can you see him physically yet ? No , just more insight into his character , which I know you hate . - He thinks he 's psychic . - Is he ? I hope not . I 've seen some of the things he 's seen . What does he see ? - Hey ! - You . He sees you ... trying to catch him . Where does this take place ? In a kitchen . You 're looking around for someone . He 's behind you now , but you don 't know it . He 's stalking towards you and ... - Oh , God . - What ? What do you see ? He 's got a knife . It 's got blood on it . - What am I doing ? - You 're looking down . You 've stepped in a pie that 's fallen to the floor . The killer comes up to you and ... - Coconut cream . - What ? The pie . Coconut cream . Or is it lemon meringue ? I don 't know . - I 'm not sure . It 's hazy . - Whatever . Please continue . As you 're looking down , he comes up with the knife and ... Banana cream ! Definitely banana cream . All right . I 'm looking down at this banana cream pie , and then what ? He sees himself coming up to you from behind ... And ? And what does he see ? Nothing . The visions of a madman . You got all that from this ? How am I supposed to get anything from this tiny , little thing ? This came in the mail today . Who 's it from ? The killer . " To whom it may concern : This is a mere formality ... to let you know I know that you know . Can 't wait till our first meeting when I kill you . But not before you explain some things tome . First on the list : Why in the world did I send you this letter ? Sincerely , you know who . - P.S. Say hi to the F.B.I. agents . " - Hi . He must have been at the crime scene seeing you with us . No , this letter is postmarked the day before Mr. Bruckman joined our investigation . You 're gonna have to come with us . We 've gotta get you out of here . Look . I 'll be dead before you catch this guy no matter what you do . You 've come to me because you 're searching for someone . But don 't worry . This person will find you . It 's a relative or a close friend . Actually , a guy I 'm gonna kill . Ah , yes . It 's clearer now . You seek answers from a special man ... who possesses a special wisdom . This is real cream . Not the phony stuff . I know the difference . And the chocolate ... very rich . Look at these cute little doilies they put everything on . You sure you don 't want to join me ? What are you doing ? Studying background checks . This is what detective work is really like . We can 't come up with suspects by having visions . jealous ? You 're very confused right now . Nothing seems to make sense to you . You don 't know why you do the things that you do . But your confusion is soon to come to an abrupt end with the arrival of a woman . A blonde or a brunette . Maybe a redhead . There 's something you haven 't explained . - Can you see your own end ? - I see our end . We end up in bed together . I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't have said that . I don 't mean to offend or scare you . But not here . Not this bed . I just mean , I see us quite clearly ... in bed together . You 're holding my hand ... very tenderly , and then ... you 're looking at me with such compassion . And I feel ... Tears are streaming down my face . I feel so grateful . It 's just a very special moment neither of us will ever forget . Mr. Bruckman , there are hits and there are misses . And then there are misses . I just call ' em as I see ' em . Wow . I 'm really impressed . I 've been to a lot of fortune-tellers , but by far you 're the best . There 's still one more card left . This card 's not meant for me . It 's yours . So Ahab mistakes the prophecy ... and , as a result , dies . A similar fate happens to Macbeth . Still , you 're not the least bit curious ? - That must be Mulder . Time for the midnight shift . All right . So how do I die ? You don 't . Get this , Scully . The lab analysis from the first bit of fiber ... that was found ... It 's lace . - Chantilly lace ? - You know what I like . It 's not likely the killer was wearing anything made out of Chantilly lace ... - at the time of the murders . - What are the odds of the Big Bopper , Chantilly lace ... It 's a coincidence . If coincidences are just coincidences , why do they feel so contrived ? That 's one to pose to the psychic philosopher . Good night , Mulder . Am I keeping you awake ? I 'm waiting for you to ask me another of those " psychic ability " questions . I 've had dreams in my life where I had a vision ... and then later on , I 've seen that vision in reality . As a psychic , have you ever had prophetic dreams like that ? I have only one dream . I dream it every night . You 're not one of those people who turns everything into a sexual symbol ? No , I 'm not a Freudian . No . I 'm lying naked ... in a field of red tulips . I 'm not concerned with where lam or how I got there . I 'm at peace . And it 's then that I realize I 'm dead . My body begins to turn a greenish white with spots of purple . Next , the insects arrive . The inevitable follows ... putridity and liquescence . Before I know it , I 'm nothing but bones . When I start fading to dust , I lose whatever care I still might 've had ... about where my clothes are . And as I begin to feel myself slipping away towards l-know-not-what , I wake up . Well , good night . - Mulder , there 's ... - Are you okay ? - Oh , yeah . I just didn 't sleep well . What 's up ? Havez is going to stay with Bruckman ... while we go over to a tarot card reader around the corner . There 's been another murder . I 'm beginning to lose patience with our psychic , Scully . What good are his prophecies if they 're not preventive ? Actually , I 'm starting to feel more sympathetic towards him . - You 're convinced he 's a psychic now ? - No , not really . Sorry , ma 'am . But I am convinced that , by thinking he can see the future , he 's taken all the joy out of his life . So then , the priest says to the rabbi ... I had it set for quail . Yeah ! - Hey . I thought you said you hadn 't heard that one before . - I hadn 't . Hey . Is it true that you can see how people are gonna die ? I mean , can you ... see how I 'm going to die ? Lung cancer ? Thank God . I got to go visit your restroom for a second . Don 't open that door for anybody . - Oh , God ! Was that not enough of a tip ? They brought you right to me , right to where I work . What are the chances of that happening ? They 're astronomical . It 's beyond believability . But not impossibility . I mean , after all , here we are . It 's funny how things work out sometimes , isn 't it ? I 'll say . There 's something I 've wanted to ask you for some time now . You 've seen the things I do in the past as well as in the future . They 're terrible things . I know they are . So tell me , please . Why have I done them ? Don 't you understand yet , son ? Don 't you get it ? You do the things you do because you 're a homicidal maniac . That ... That does explain a lot , doesn 't it ? It 's all starting to make sense now . No . You don 't kill me now . - I don 't ? Why not ? - How should I know ? Either we got a copycat killer , or our guy 's getting extremely lackadaisical . Not only did he leave the body , but he didn 't even bother to remove the eyes . If my Miss Manners serves me right , that protrusion from his left cornea is a salad fork . Something tells me we 're gonna get prints off it . Mulder , I found another strand of that silk . We got more than that this time , Scully . We got fingerprints . Probably a footprint , even . This is more like it . No more psychics and their vague predictions . Hell , we don 't even need our own hunches . This case is just now about good old-fashioned forensic police work . It 's the bellhop . He 's the killer . The bellhop at the hotel . How the hell does she know that ? Woman 's intuition . Havez ? Mr. Bruckman ? Hey ! Drop it ! Hey . That 's not the way it 's supposed to happen . - How did you know where to find us ? - I didn 't . I got on the service elevator by mistake . Thank heaven for happenstance . None of Bruckman 's prophecy came true . The killer didn 't get to him first , but he did kill Havez . Then Bruckman 's all right ? Actually , I don 't know . I couldn 't find him . Then where is he ? " Miss Scully . My neighbor , Mrs. Lowe , passed away last night . Please see that the remains of her remains are taken care of . Would you like a dog ? He is paper trained and well behaved , regardless of his actions last night which you can 't really blame him for . " Well , here 's another nice mess you 've gotten me into . Well , I couldn 't help it . Come on . Let 's get back to Peoria , where we belong . Do you want to know the future ? Do you want to know what lies ahead ? Then call me , the Stupendous Yappi . For years , I have entertained audiences with my psychic abilities . I have been consulted by Hollywood stars , police departments , even presidents . Now I can be your personal psychic consultant . Do you want to know if you will get that promotion ? Do you want to know if your marriage will be successful ? Do you want to know where you will meet your one truelove ? Then call me at 1-900-555-YAPP . Remember , the future 's close at hand , and so is your phone . So to hear tomorrow 's secrets today , just pick it up . I know you will . - I can see your future . supplied by CoBeR coberus @ go2.pl I made this .
