 [ Woman ] We 're so sorry , Becky . [ Woman # 2 ] If there 's anything we can do for you , anything at all , just let us know . Thank you so much . That would have meant a lot to him . Oh , thank you . [ Sobbing ] Thank you for coming . Mrs. Crouch , I 'm sorry for your loss . Thank you , Mr ... Johnson . I worked briefly with your husband . I was impressed by him ... very much so . Thank you . Sorry . Hell of a Christmas , Raymond . He 's at peace now . That 's one small comfort to be drawn . He didn 't even leave a note . " I am the resurrection and the life . " He that believeth in Me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . " " I am the resurrection and the life . " He that believeth in Me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . " " I am the resurrection and the life . " He that believeth in Me ... [ Grunts ] " Though he were dead , yet shall he live . 'And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me ... shall never die . " - " I am the resurrection and the life . - [ Beeps ] " He that believeth in Me ... [ Grunts ] " Though he were dead , yet shall he live . " And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me ... shall never die . " " He that believeth in Me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . " [ Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] [ Ringing Continues ] - [ Police Radio Chattering ] - Yeah , four units and ... [ Continues , Indistinct ] Thank you , ma 'am . - Are you with the F.B.I. Too ? - Yes , sir . Look , I know my job . The man was deceased . - I 'm sorry ? - I understand ... that he was one of your own . But these rumors I 'm hearing that I put a living human being into the ground ? You people better get your facts straight real fast . Mulder ? You been spreading rumors ? Why ? You hear any good ones lately ? - Not particularly . - [ Flies Buzzing ] So what do you have here ? Merry Christmas , by the way , Scully . Thank you . Merry Christmas to you too . Grave robbery with a twist . Check out the headliner , Scully . Well , it looks like someone on the inside was trying to get out . Indeed it does . And to answer your question , no , I haven 't been spreading any rumors . The local P.D. ' s been doing a pretty good job of that , ever since they matched the fingerprints on the dead man to these . And to those up there on that headstone . There 's a big juicy handprint on the back . What about the person , or persons , who did the digging ? Well , we 've got one pile of dirt . I 'm guessing one man with a shovel . Other than that , last night 's rain hasn 't left us much to go on . Well , go ahead , Scully . Nay say me . The body of an F.B.I. Agent gets disinterred , only to climb out on its own and disappear into the Yuletide night . - See , you had me up until there . - Did I ? I think it 's what you said before . I think it 's a grave robbery with a twist . You 've got the fingerprints and the torn casket liner . Most likely , it 's rigged evidence that 's been faked by whoever exhumed the body . - Faked for what effect ? - Publicity . Fear . Rumors . I mean , I don 't know what specific effect , but nonetheless , it 's ... - What ? - Looks like blood . " And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . " " I am the resurrection and the life . " He that believeth in Me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . " [ Pounding ] " I am the resurrection and the life . " He that believeth in Me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . " " I am the resurrection and the life . " [ Scully ] Special Agent Raymond Crouch . Age 56 . Married , no children . After a sterling 21 - year career with the Bureau , he retired in 1993 . And then earlier this month , he was found in the garage of his Tallahassee home , service weapon in hand . Definitely self-inflicted ? I read over the report , and there 's no indication otherwise . How about a motive for the grave robberies ? Well , we 've gone through all the cases Crouch had a hand in , and he doesn 't seem to have made any enemies . Same thing with his personal life . No large debts , no feuds with neighbors , never a bad word against him . - Nothing stands out ? - Should something stand out ? Agent Mulder , what 's your take on this ? Well , only that I don 't think it was grave robbery per se . It was necromancy ... the summoning of the dead . It 's a form of magic dating back to primitive shamanism ... with a long tradition in the Christian Church . Through it , the dead are brought back to life for the purposes ... of divulging arcane knowledge or performing ritual tasks . So that 's what this wacko thought he was doing ... raising the dead ? That 's what he was doing . This is a , uh ... That 's a magic circle drawn in goats 'blood . The rain washed most of it away . The blood attracts the spirits of the undead , while the circle focuses the necromancer 's power ... while protecting him from the spirits that he 's conjuring . Okay . He may also desire to wear the clothes of the dead man to create a bond between them . You would not want to be this man 's dry cleaner . Obviously , there are clear ritualistic elements to this crime . But the question is , why were they directed at Raymond Crouch ? That is the question . [ Knocking ] Well , let 's come up with an answer . Mulder , Scully , a word , please ? Necromancy aside , this magic circle you mentioned , what if it looks something like this ? It 's an oroboros . Possibly . Defnitely a mystical symbol . The alchemists favored it . They believe that it represented all of existence . I 'm thinking more of the Millennium Group . It was their symbol as well . Are you familiar with them ? Yeah , somewhat . They were , uh , former F.B.I. Agents who offered consulting services to law enforcement . Somehow , they fell into disrepute . [ Skinner ] They operated in extreme secrecy . Rumors abounded that they had their own agenda , which was less than altruistic , if not improper or illegal . That it was , in fact , a cult based upon ... Judeo-Christian End Time prophecies ... concerning the coming millennium . - Was Raymond Crouch a member ? - I can 't seem to fnd out . Apparently , the group dissolved several months ago . They left no paper trail , nothing . However , I do have three other grave desecrations , all within the last six months . Long Island , Northern California , Arizona . All three graves contained the bodies of former F.B.I. Agents . All three were recent suicides . How long were you gonna sit on this ? Owing to the Millennium Group 's former ties with the Bureau , this matter is sensitive , to say the least . Investigate them . Keep a low profile . I think I know where to start . - How well do you know this man ? - Only by reputation . - [ Door Buzzes ] - He left VICAP before I got there . But he 's been called the greatest criminal profiler that Quantico ever produced . - What 's he doing here ? - Good morning . Apparently , he , uh , checked himself in for a 30-day observation . I gather the last few years haven 't been very kind to him . But if there 's anybody that can tell us about the Millennium Group , it 's him . He used to consult for ' em . Later , he fought to bring ' em down ... at the expense of his own career and reputation . - Single-minded . Sounds like someone I know . - Yeah . [ Announcer ] Twelve yard line . They are threatening . [ Mulder ] Frank Black ? Hi , my name is Fox Mulder . This is my partner , Dana Scully . It 's a pleasure to meet you . You mind if we sit down ? Higgins tries the middle , and he gets ... - [ Groans ] - Nowhere ! - Who 's playing ? - Uh , it 's Notre Dame and Boston College . Ah , the Fighting Irish and the Golden Eagles , huh ? What can I do for you , agents ? Well , we 're working on a case that , uh , we feel that you might have some particular insight to . The deaths of four F.B.I. Agents . - Do you recognize these men ? - I do . All four committed suicide in the last six months . All were exhumed from their graves in a ritual desecration . They were members of the Millennium Group . Is that correct ? Sir , we 've been having a really difficult time ... gleaning any information whatsoever about the group . About its membership , its practices . I believe you can help us . No , thank you . I 'm retired . I think you can tell by the circumstances ... that I 'm trying to put my life back together . I can 't get involved in this . We 're not asking you to get involved . I 'm just asking you to take a look at the case file . No , thank you . Mr. Black , the day after tomorrow is January 1 , 2000 . That 's the signifcant date for these people . That doesn 't leave us much time . Don 't you wanna see them stopped ? [ Announcer On TVContinues , Indistinct ] Well , Mr. Black , you are not what I was expecting . - Agent Mulder ? - Yes ? It 's first and eighteen . Just let me watch this game in peace . It 's third and ten . Notre Dame . - Happy New Year . - Same to you . [ Police Radio Chattering ] - Evening . - Hi . Could I , uh , give you a hand ? Oh , no , I 'm about done . But thanks . Guess I ran over a nail or something . - Well , I can help you see , at least . - Yeah . I 've been driving all night . It 'll be good to get home . I hear ya . [ Sniffing ] Man ! Whew ! - What is that ? - Uh ... I think a deer maybe must 've died out there in the woods . [ Flies Buzzing ] Sir ? What 's in the truck ? - Nothing . - Mind if I take a look ? There 's nothing in there , so ... Drop that , take two steps back . Drop it . [ Crowbar Hits Ground ] [ Flies Buzzing ] " And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . " " I am the resurrection and the life . " He that believeth in Me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . " Oh , Lord . Stand up there ! Stand up ! Let me see your hands ! - [ Continues Reciting Prayer ] - What ? Speak up ! [ Growling ] [ Deputy Screaming ] Hey . I 've got the men concentrating on the woods . Our necromancer was definitely here . It 's salt . Heavy magic . Well , if you 're gonna tell me that he , uh , stopped by the side of the road to raise the dead , which I hope you 're not , I 've got two things to say to you . One is that his previous circles were made of blood , not salt . And two ... And they were large enough to contain a body . This is just a protective circle . It 's just big enough for one man to stand inside . Protecting himself against what ? [ Mulder ] Whatever it was that did that . [ Man ] Agents ! Over here ! I saw a lump in the ground . My God . Bite marks . They look human . More salt . " I am he that liveth and was dead . " And behold , I am alive for evermore , Amen , and have the keys of hell and of death . " Book of Revelations , chapter 1 , verse 18 . Go Fighting Irish . [ Mulder ] " First and eighteen . " It 's not football . It 's Revelations . You wanted to tell us something , Frank . Why don 't you just come out and say it . I don 't know what you 're talking about . I told you . - I cannot get involved in this . - Right . So you 'll occasionally drop the little arcane hint ? A police officer was murdered , Frank . Why do you want to play around ? Your denials aside , you obviously know something about that . You knew that we 'd find this . What are you afraid of ? Losing your daughter . You 're in a custody battle with the parents of your late wife . I just spoke with your doctor . That 's why you 're here . They claimed I was an unfit father ... that I was obsessed with conspiracy , the end of the world . That my work meant more to me than my daughter , Jordan . The thing is , they were right . - And so you retired . - I will sell insurance . I 'll do whatever it takes . I 'll get well and jump through whatever hoops they want , but I will not mention the Millennium Group again . But you obviously want to help . You ... dropped that clue on us . Look , Frank , nobody needs to know about this . We 're just three people sitting around talking . The Book of Revelations describes the end of the physical world ... in a battle between heaven and hell ... good against evil . The Millennium Group believed that that time was upon us . These four represent a schism in the group . They believe that for the End Time to come as it must , man must take an active hand in bringing that about . - And to that end , they committed suicide ? - Yeah . With the express purpose of being brought back to life . The four horsemen of the apocalypse . These four men bring with them ... war , pestilence , famine and death . So that all the dead of the earth will rise . Armageddon . It must begin with the dawn of the millennium , or not at all . That 's what they believe . The man you 're looking for , your necromancer , he exhumed these men in accordance with their wishes . - So is he a member of the Millennium Group as well ? - No . They sought him out . He believes he 's doing God 's work . But he 's mistaken . Could you tell us a little bit more about this man ? Well , he 's a white male , 45 to 50 . He 's a religious man . No police record . No fulfilling relationship . You would pass him without giving him a glance . So this is the one event that will give his life meaning ? Yeah . He needs privacy for this . He 'll live alone . Possibly in the house he grew up in . Most likely it 's a large , rural property away from prying eyes . He 'll own a truck or a van . He needs it to transport the bodies . There 'll be high fences , " No Trespassing " signs . It 's a solitary existence . He 's worked around death all his life in some capacity . A funeral parlor or a cemetery . - Death comforts him . - [ Man On TV ] A Rice County deputy missing ... He took great care in burying the deputy , in preparing the body , despite the fact that he feared being caught . He stapled the lips , sealed the mouth shut . It was to prevent the man from coming back to life . He believes that if disturbed , the deputy will rise from the dead . It 's too soon for that , which is why ... when he realizes the deputy has been discovered , he 'll feel a need to take action . He 'll return to the body the first chance he gets . Rice County Morgue . I think you 'll catch him there . These four members of the Millennium Group , the ones that " truly liveth who are dead , " there are the ones we have to catch . - Mr. Black ? - Yeah ? You 've got a phone call . I think it might be your daughter . Thank you . My daughter . Excuse me . Mulder , you 're telling me it 's more important ... to track down four dead bodies than one live murderer ? He 's not our murderer , and those four dead bodies aren 't dead . - And the millennium is 14 hours away . - [ Door Buzzing ] Mulder , these people , even when they were alive , mangled Biblical prophecy to the extent that it 's unrecognizable . And the year 2000 is just their artificial deadline . And besides , 2001 is actually the start of the new millennium . Nobody likes a math geek , Scully . Anyway , I think that Frank 's profile is sound . - I do too . - And I think with it , we have the best chance of finding this necromancer , as you call him . So I 'm going down to the county morgue . - I absolutely think you should . - And what are you gonna do ? Follow the profile . The deputy was killed ... on a road that connects from the north with no major highway . I 'm thinking our necromancer lives nearby . I 'm gonna do a rundown on all single landowners in the area , see where the bodies are buried . Oh , Scully , will you do me a favor ? Don 't let anybody remove the staples from the deputy 's mouth , okay ? Please ? Just humor me ? Thanks . Proceeding with the visual examination of the mouth . [ Telephone Ringing ] Geez . - [ Answering Machine Picks Up ] - What appears to be salt ... is packed into the victim 's mouth . - [ Sully Leaving Message , Indistinctly ] - God only knows why . I 'm removing it . [ Telephone Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] [ Man On Machine ] You 've reached Rice County Morgue . No one can come to the phone . [ Scully On Machine ] This is Agent Dana Scully with the F.B.I. Please do not autopsy the murder victim that was brought in earlier ... the sheriff 's deputy . If you 've already started , stop now . I 'll be there shortly , and I 'll explain when I arrive . - [ Machine Beeps ] - [ Door Opens ] [ Woman Screaming ] Hello ? [ Busy Signal ] [ Gasping ] Where is she ? [ Scully ] Sir ? How you feeling ? All things considered ? What the hell happened here ? Who is that man ? The sheriff 's deputy . The man we found this morning . He was dead . And then somehow , he wasn 't . He attacked me . You shot him ? Three rounds , center of mass into his chest . No effect . There 's a gunshot wound to his head as well . Yeah , this man , uh , Mulder calls the necromancer , our suspect , he was here too . He fired that shot with my gun . He saved me . I have no idea why . He got away , but I was in no shape to follow . Look , sir , I can 't even begin to offer an explanation for what happened . But I have to say it is exactly what Mulder feared . Yeah , which is why I would like to talk to him . Why isn 't he answering his phone ? Well , welcome to the boondocks . [ Beeps ] [ Lock Rattling ] # In the sweet by and by # # We will meet on that beautiful shore # # [ Growling ] Hey ! Open the door ! Open the door ! Open up ! Let me out ! Hey ! [ Gunfre ] I haven 't heard from him . He didn 't go to the morgue with you ? No , he went looking for our suspect 's home . No one 's been able to contact him since . I 've got task force agents canvassing the northwestern Maryland area , but it 's a large territory to cover , and we 're running out of time . Sir , I 'm just afraid that Mulder may have found what he 's looking for . I need your help in finding him . Now , you respected my reasons in the past , Agent Scully . Please respect them now . I 'm not sure that I really understand your reasons , sir . And I 'm starting to wonder what this is all about , and how much you know about it . Mulder mentioned the four Millennium members ... " who liveth and were dead . " Now , this morning in the morgue , I saw what he was talking about . You did ? One of them attacked me . I 'm sorry . Now , as crazy as this sounds , I have to ask . Do you believe that the Millennium Group ... is actually capable of bringing about the End Time ? Armageddon ? I understand their beliefs . I 've spent years trying to unravel them , make sense of them . It doesn 't mean I believe them myself . But what if it were true ? Good and evil ... Which would prevail ? I 'm sorry . Octavia ? I 'm gonna check myself out . - You 'd like a day pass ? - I won 't be coming back . [ Zombies Growling ] [ Branches Snapping ] Who 's there ? - It 's me . - You came . I almost didn 't . We 'd given up on you . Thank God . Thank God . There 's someone in the basement . A policeman . He killed one of the members . He shot him in the head . But you 're here . Now we 'll have four . I 'm here . I can 't tell you how happy I am . You were meant to be the fourth . I always knew that . - I so hoped you 'd come around . - I didn 't want to . The man in the basement ... I told him how to find this place . You ... Why ? I was trying to walk the straight and narrow , leave the Millennium Group behind . But I know I can 't do that anymore , now that I know you 've succeeded . You didn 't believe the dead would arise . - No . - You see what the future holds , Frank . You know you can 't run from it . No , I can 't run . You 've paid so dearly . They 've taken your daughter from you , murdered your wife . There 's no justice in this world . But there will be in the next . The hour is near . Are you ready , Frank ? I 'm ready . " I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in Me , though he were dead ... " " ... yet shall he live . And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . " [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Scully . - This is Skinner . We back-checked Frank Black as you asked . - And ? - He took no calls at Hartwell Psychiatric ... other than from his daughter . But the staff took messages , including one from a Rice County number . Rice County ? That 's where I am right now . We ran the phone records for Agent Crouch and the other desecration victims . All four received calls from this same number in the weeks before their deaths . I 'm gonna need an address . Don 't do this . I 'm begging you , please . You know what the world is . Evil goes unpunished . The good suffer . There 's no future here but uncertainty and pain . Let the judgment come ! - You 're damning yourself , Frank ! - Agent Mulder ? Can you hear me ? - Agent Mulder ? - [ Mulder ] Yeah . I 'm down here . They 're all around . - You armed ? - Oh , yeah . Shoot for the head . That seems to stop ' em . There 's three more of 'em . - Where ? - I don 't know . They 're hiding . [ Growling Softly ] - Mulder , can you get up ? - Uh , I think so . - Look out ! - [ Roaring ] - Look out ! - [ Roaring ] [ Growling ] [ Clicking ] [ Dick Clark Over TV ] Well , there 's another shot ... of that beautiful millennium crystal ball all lit up . And they 're getting ready to bring in the new year . Boy , are they packed in tonight . The body heat alone is keeping ' em warm . And look at ' em , all the way up past 52nd Street . That is that X-shaped thing I was talking about before . This is Times Square ... the crossroads of the world . - Mr. Black . - Hey . MarkJohnson 's been taken for psychiatric evaluation . He 'll be put under suicide watch , just as you asked . - [ TVContinues ] - Good . - And , um ... - What ? There 's someone here to see you . - Hi , Daddy ! - Hi ya , little one . Wow . - Oh , I missed you , sweetheart . - I missed you too , Daddy . Let 's get out of here . Frank , good luck with everything . Agent Mulder , Agent Scully . I guess this is it , huh ? - You 're not gonna stay and watch ? - No , we just wanna go home . Take care of yourselves . [ Clark Continues ] Thirty seconds now . Get ready ... for the loudest cheering you 'll ever hear in your whole life . Hug your friends and loved ones tight , and whoever that person is next to you . No time like the present . Are you ready ? Here we go . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six , fve , four , three , two , one ! Happy New Year 2000 ! # # [ " Auld Lang Syne " ] The world didn 't end . No , it didn 't . Happy New Year , Scully . Happy New Year , Mulder . [ Clark Continues ] Happy New Year ! [ Child ] I made this !
