 A radical political faction under the leadership of an agitator named Marehito has formed an economically self-sufficient city-state in response to our government 's plans to cut down on industrial production . With Marehito as their leader , they have declared their independence . Our government has recognized their independence , but severed all diplomatic ties . MAREHITO They are losing their very selves . They have accepted the possibility of tragedy . " We may be bound for destruction , " they murmur knowingly to themselves . And that is the cheerful face they put on rationalizations by which they have resigned themselves . We will not entrust our government and politics to such as these . There is no reason that we should became cynical like that . Did Marehito speak ? Every day , these days . It was a nice day , wasn 't it ? Listening to that , I feel like I 'm going crazy , too Was it a long speech ? It went off suddenly All they can see is one cross-section of reality . The reality of which they speak is one that is terribly monotonous and terribly boring . Let my humble self reveal all to you . I say to you : There is a greater world , a world much greater than the one you know , prepared for you . Do not abandon hope . We are meant to flourish and grow . I promise you : I will save you . I will make you prosper . Dictators turn into megalomaniacs ... We all know what happens next " I am God ! I will reveal all to you ! " I can 't believe there 's people to follow him . It 's a good thing you didn 't follow him , isn 't it ? Do not ... do not follow ... do not follow Marehito . Do not follow Marehito . What do they learn in that country ? Tiresome social skills ? How to resign yourself to your lot ? They have abandoned prosperity . They have abased themselves , given up on production , and thus bring and end to the history of their race . All of reality is contained in our hearts . All things that flow , that creep , that change inspire our hearts to act . Look at your culture . Look , and you will see the whole world opening the way before us . Our nation will be a nation of only those who glorify life . Act on one heart-felt belief . Disencumber yourself of everything else . Do not fear . Act . Hey , don 't shoot ! I 'm a friend ! Look at my ID , will you ? I 'm from Headquarters . The Welfare Section What is Headquarters doing ? Put the gun down , will you ? What is Headquarters doing ? ILYA Type 6 maintenance . We 're putting in a new program . What ? ILYA Type 6 maintenance . Putting in a new program We 're upgrading her . Why ? It 's the season to shuffle personnel again . There 's a woman commander come in . I haven 't been told anything ... Anyway , I 'm finished . Sign here , please . Her language function is improved . Well , she should make right word choices . There 's no change in her abilities down there , though . She 's fine just as she is that way , right ? This new woman commander is committed more than anything else to giving our military a better soldiering environment . And she 's very competent So things are looking good for people like you . The civil-rights groups are making all sorts of noise about soldiers ' conditions ... It 'll take a little while before she 'll start up . How are things with the great orator ? Nothing new over there ? Nothing in particular . Quite something , our Mr. Marehito ... Am I to continue recording ? There 's no orders to the contrary Anyway , carry on . How are things outside ? The weather ? It 's fine . I mean Marehito . Was there a broadcast ? Yeah , there was . What did he say ? Their side is right , and our side is wrong . The same stuff as always . Like what ? He says that we are out to destroy the race . They 're out to glorify life . Make you sick . Listened to it all ? Yeah , most of it . They 're hysterical , sentimental fool . They 're running away from the truth , closed up in a world that 's easy to believe in , keeping shout it out over and over . Marehito is just complacency . I 'll tell you the story of a man , a terribly unfortunate man , that I know . He had done a very good job of coming to terms with the ways of the world , but eventually ill fortune befell him . He became ill of an incurable disease , and was given only a short time to live . The man prayed to God , asking for a miracle , that his disease be taken from him . He prayed to every god of every religion . For him , any god would do . When the miracle took place and he was cured , he meant to become a follower of that religion . Now , is it possible that such calculation will be rewarded ? His disease followed its course , and he died cursing the whole world . He who had had so many paths to choose among was , in the end , given only the life he had led . Do you understand ? Who knows what it 's supposed to mean ? That 's religion Marehito is making a simple mistake . Our civilization has come forward because we can 't mix church and state He 's trying reverse that . Yeah , you 're right . What can some shabby dream hope to save , anyway ? People will dream You know our civilization ! Look , there 's nothing wrong with them being given a dream . So it 's all right to believe like that ? Look , dreams are nonsense Do you want to believe like that , too ? No ... Our culture must be one that is mature . It must not be one swayed by the political pressures and influences of the moment . It must be one provided a firm foundation for each of its manifestations : Politics , economics , religion , science ... There is but one path . All must align themselves with reason and be conducted to the truth . The time has come for politics and religion to again stand united . Have but one belief . Throw away all others . Do not accept them . Build yourselves . Hello ? My ILYA Type 6 is out of order What 's wrong with it ? I 'd like it returned to the previous version Could you specify what happened ? Is it unable to have sex ? No . Her electrical system have ceased . Please return it to the previous version . One moment , please . I should be finished Didn 't you like her ? Sorry ? I 'm sure you 're not the only one who didn 't like the improved language function . I don 't mean to pry into your personal affairs But you 're the only one who 's contacted us about it . Most of the others don 't care about what ILYA Type 6 says They 're fine as long as they can have sex with it The only two people who care what she says were you and the new woman commander What 's this ? It 'll receive , but the tape won 't run . Have you reported ? Why shouldn 't you have reported right away ? That 's government-issue . I tried to fix it . I 'll put it in for repair . You stay at your post Government-issue I wish for asylum Boundary Guard TENKWAKU NANIWA ILYA Type 6 YUMI MITANI Official from Headquarters KOICHIRO MITSUDA Voice of MAREHITO HIDEYO AMAMOTO Director of Photography HAJIME TANAKA Film Editor YOSHIYUKI ABE Written and Directed by TOMOYA SATO
