 ( loud snarling ) So wasn 't the zoo fun , kids ? Okay , to finish off our field trip , we 're going to take a very special guided tour through the botanical gardens , so let 's stay in one line , keep together in a group . ( growling ) We have a very special guided tour of the botanical gardens , so let 's just see how many of the exotic birds we can spot together . Oh , look at what beautiful orchids they have here . ( birds chirping ) That 's it- - stay together in one line ... ( horn honking ) ( Gary panting ) ( birds squawking ) ( snarling ) ( alligator roaring ) ( girl screaming ) Priscilla , run ! ( screams ) Here , here , eat that , go on , go on . ( Priscilla screams ) Oh , my God . ( roars ) You all right ? Mm-hmm . ( roars ) ( theme music playing ) CHUCK : What if you knew , beyond a doubt , what was going to happen tomorrow ? What would you do ? There 's no easy answer for a guy who gets tomorrow 's news today . * * NEWSCASTER : ... the girl , eight-year-old Priscilla Applegate of Highland Park , was unhurt . Her teacher said she managed to wander from the group in spite of supervision by teachers and accompanying parents . It was one of those parents ... Tune in to next week 's Wild Kingdom , as Gary Hobson faces ... Irritated squirrels . So how does it feel to be a hero ? Well , I was , uh , just here at the right time , right place kind of , kind of thing . How did you happen to have chicken fingers on you ? It was lunchtime . What were you doing at the zoo anyway ? What do you- - I wanted to get away . Is that all right ? What , from the stress from hanging out in a bar ? Hey , maybe he likes the zoo . At least the animals don 't talk back . Here 's a look at that amazing home video that was shot today at the Memorial Park Botanical Gardens , where a young girl nearly became a meal for a hungry alligator . It 's on again . ... the gator with his lunch in time to carry the girl to safety . So how does it feel to be a hero ? Check this kid out . It was nothing , really . It was just the right time , right place kind of thing . He 's good . And guess what ? He 's from Callahan 's district . So ? Yeah , I know him . He took over McGinty 's place for a while . What do you think , Dutch ? Appoint him supervisor to finish out Callahan 's term ? I mean , we 're only talking three months here , right ? What do we know about him ? He looks good on TV . That 's more than I can say about Callahan . ( laughs ) I thought you were going to appoint Declan . No , the press is watching this closely . Callahan 's indictment caused too much of a stink . I mean , we could live with the bribery charges , but those weekends at Lake Geneva with the judge 's wife ? Whoever takes over to finish out his term needs to be squeaky clean . Did the zoo reimburse you for lunch ? GARY : Uh , well , no , I , I ... I think we just found Callahan 's replacement . It 's very simple . If a supervisor resigns or retires early ... Or is , uh , removed for running off with the judge 's wife . ... someone is appointed to finish his term . Why me ? Well , you 're a hero . The whole city saw you on TV . Look , what , are you nuts ? I don 't know anything about politics . CHUCK : What 's to know ? You kiss a few babies , you hire your friends . Excuse me . I didn 't know beans when I was appointed , and I 've been in office four terms now . Look , we 're talking three months here . If you don 't like it , you don 't have to run for reelection . CHUCK : Oh , come on , Gare , take it . Why don 't you take it ? Can I ? No . No . Look , guys , thank you very much , but me and politics , we don 't get along too well . Thank you . ( whispering ) : Hey , Gary , are you crazy ? This is the best thing the newspaper 's ever done for us . GARY : " A seven-year-old girl was struck dead by a truck " late yesterday afternoon as she was crossing " the intersection of Emerson and Wingate Avenues . " It was the second fatality " at this intersection in the past year . " The victim , Graciela Abdogo , " was struck down at the intersection " by a cement truck from the Coveleski Construction Company . There is no stop sign or light at this intersection . " ( horn honking ) I got to go . Whoa , ho- - Ga- - He 's , uh , he 's just playing hard to get . Come on , man , I 'm open . Pass the ball . Come on , let 's go . Oh , no , my homework . WOMAN : Hold hands . Here you go . Okay . GIRL : Look out , a truck . BOY : Hurry , Graciela . Get up ! No , Graciela ! ( horn honking ) ( horn honking ) Oh ! You scared me to death . I 'm okay , Mama . Oh , thank God . And thank you . You saved my daughter 's life . Well , I was just , uh ... I was lucky . I was in the right place at the right time . This corner is so dangerous . You see that ? Little Bobby Ortega got hit by a car here last year . And he was my best friend . We petitioned Supervisor Callahan for a light , but he didn 't lift a finger . Oh . Well , uh , Callahan 's out , so maybe the , the next supervisor 'll get you a , a new light . ( sighs ) You don 't know much about local politics , do you ? Coveleski Construction uses this street to get its cement trucks to the highway . Time is money , right ? Yeah , I guess so . We 'll never get that light . ( horn honking ) MAGUIRE : And as supervisor , I will abide by the codes , bylaws , and statutes of the precinct , the ward , and the city . And as supervisor , I will abide by the codes , the bylaws , and the statutes of the precinct , the ward , and the city . Congratulations , and welcome to the club . ( indistinct chatter ) Congratulations , Supervisor . Molly Greene , Sun Times . Mind if I ask you a few questions ? Come on , Molly , give him a chance to get his feet wet . Oh , Molly Greene . Uh ... Gary Hobson . I know . No , I mean , I know you know . I-I read your column , though ; it 's very good . Oh , wow , he can read . That 's an improvement over Callahan . All right , one question . Supervisor Hobson , what would you say is your strongest qualification for holding office ? Oh , well ... Other than gator monitor . That 's it . Because , I mean , that would really qualify you for more a congressman or a senator 's job , wouldn 't you say ? No , Miss Greene , I-I 'll tell you why I took this job . It 's an opportunity to do some good . Right . Come on , I got some folks I want you to meet . One of Maguire 's boys ? He don 't know it . Should be interesting . Mm-hmm . GARY : Okay , so all I got to do is , I got to get that signed and then I get the ball rolling , right ? Yeah , then it goes to the supervising council , then the engineering superintendent , and then you submit it for a traffic board hearing . Okay , easy enough . You must be new to this . ( horn honking ) Peterson ! I got a 20-man crew on the clock who are doing absolutely nothing because a certain civil engineer hasn 't made his inspection yet . I 'm making an on - the-site inspection for Mr. Hobson here . Yeah , get in the car . You 're costing me money . You 're the boss , Mr. Coveleski . Yeah , that 's right , I 'm the boss . Come on . There . Thank you . Hey , aren 't you going to fill out the rest of this ? Hey , if he signed it , he signed it , all right ? Wait a second , I need him to fill this out ... And just who are you supposed to be , huh ? Well , I 'll tell you . I 'm Gary Hobson ; I happen to be the new supervisor . How do you do ? Oh , yeah . Stan Coveleski . Wait . Coveleski Construction ? That 's me , son . If you want something built , you come see Stan . Yeah , so these are your , uh , your cement trucks come barreling up and down through here ? Yeah , biggest fleet in the city . Yeah , well , lemme , lemme ... Hey , no time to gab . My number one rule is : get things done . And son , if I 'm talking to you , I 'm not getting things done . Well , your trucks that come barreling down ... ( truck starts ) ( tires screeching ) MAN : Contractors built dwellings at the specified 70-foot allotment from the curb , but ... when the precinct split in 1954 , however , the new houses were not built according to the old code . It 's my feeling that the old code is actually preferable ... Supervisor Johannsen , in light of the late hour , I move we postpone further discussion of , uh , whatever your topic is to a subsequent meeting . JOHANNSEN : But ... HENDERSON : Second . COUNCILMAN : Call the question . All in favor of the chair proposal ? ALL : Aye . Move that this meeting be adjourned , please . MAGUIRE : Seconded . Call the question . All in favor of adjournment ? Uh , new business . There is a motion on the floor . GARY : Yes , I know , but you didn 't mention anything about new business . It 's late . Well , you see , I have cons- - uh , constituents who- - they really need a traffic light . I thought if we could pass it real quick ... I-I 've got the on-site inspection right here . Congratulations . Unfortunately , that 's only the tip of a very large procedural iceberg , and we don 't want to hold up everyone else while I explain it . In favor of adjournment ? ALL : Aye . Motion carries . ( gavel bangs ) We stand adjourned . W-Whoa , Parliamentary procedure says ... This isn 't Parliament , Gary , it 's Chicago . Well , yeah , I know that , but ... Freshman supervisors don 't make proposals , okay ? It upsets the balance of things . You with me here ? GARY : Well , I 'm not trying to upset anything . Rookie mistake- - no harm , no foul . In the future , you want to put something on the agenda , come to me first . Well , I want a traffic light at Wingate and Emerson . That 's ... Look , we don 't hand out traffic lights like lollipops . We 've got a very limited budget for that kind of thing . Plus , I happen to know for a fact that keeping those particular streets open is very important to the welfare of the city . You mean Coveleski Construction . Stan Coveleski 's an outstanding citizen of Chicago and a highly valued supporter of this party , which- - let me remind you , Supervisor Hobson- - has put you into political office . You want to make a difference ? Learn the game , kid . Keep your eyes open and your mouth shut . You with me here ? Good , good . And relax , will you ? You 're part of the team now . You 're going to be taken care of . Why didn 't you bring up the Hamilton Place project ? Not the right time . Not yet . Yeah , well , it better be soon . I got people to put to work . ( laughs ) MOLLY : You don 't look too good , sport . Maybe you should have thrown ' em some chicken fingers . Chicken fingers get me a traffic light ? ( laughs ) Don 't write that down . That was off the record . Oh , you got to say that before you make a statement , kiddo . That 's the rule . If you don 't want to see it in print , it 's off the record . If it can be quoted , but not attributed , it 's on background . What ? Oh , boy , you really did just fall off a turnip truck , didn 't you ? Okay , pay attention , sport . You 're not here to put up a traffic light . You 're here because you look good on television . And after Callahan 's ugly mug , that 's enough for Maguire 's outfit . You 're not supposed to do anything . You 're just supposed to look pretty and sit there and warm that chair for the next three months till the coming election . Maguire decides what 's supposed to get done around here , not you . In this great big machine , my friend , you are but a cog . A very little cog . Chicago Politics 101 . ( alarm beeping ) ( train rumbling in distance ) ( turns alarm off ) ( cat meows ) ( paper thuds against door ) ( cat purrs ) ( grumbles ) ( sighs ) Hey , you got to see this ! I love ya , man . Look . They approved my application for parking in the alley . No more driving around 20 minutes looking for a spot . No more banged-up fenders . No more parking tickets . And look , look . GARY : It 's a Dumpster . An empty Dumpster . They 've doubled our trash pickup . You are the man ! I 'm telling you , Gare , it keeps rolling in . What does ? Only a variance allowing us to run the new exhaust fan through the wall , instead of up through the roof . You know how much money that saves us , Gare ? I think I finally have the answer . What was the question ? As to why you get the newspaper every day . Yeah , it suddenly became so clear to me . You get it so that you could go into politics , so that you could help more people at once . I haven 't helped anybody yet . Sure , you have . You helped me . You helped us . And that 's-that 's only the beginning , Gare . It 's not out of the question that once Daley decides to hang it up , with my managerial skills , you could be the city 's next mayor . And then , you could even go someplace higher . Look , according to this , I 'm in over my head already . Says who ? Says who ? I 'll show you says who . There . Says Molly Greene . CHUCK : " Gator boy lost in swamp . " GARY : Yeah . Well , at least she got your name right . Thanks , Chuck . Publicity , Gare- - that 's the name of the game . Yeah . Look ... Let me tell you something . It doesn 't matter what she says about you , as long as people know who you are . ( loud , overlapping chatter ) ( chatter and phones ringing ) MOLLY : What 's the alderman 's position ? Look , you tell him he 's got 24 hours to call me , or I go to print with what I 've got . What can I do for you , Supervisor Hobson ? It 's Gary , and I want to talk to you about the article you 're writing about me , off the record . Who says I 'm writing an article about you ? Okay , let 's say I am . You know , you have a good time making fun of people , don 't you ? What makes you think I 'd make fun of you ? Oh , I have a feeling that 's what you like to do . Oh , look , you guys just run the circus , I review the acts . Oh , yeah . Well , maybe you 've been reviewing it a little too long , lady . Look , all I 'm trying to do is help some people here , that 's it . How sweet . Why have you got it in for me ? Because you 're in Maguire 's pocket . What are you talking about ? I 'm not in anybody 's pocket . Oh , no ? How 's that bar of yours doing lately ? Got any problems with health inspectors ? Any trouble getting your trash picked up ? No ? I didn 't think so . Now , wait a second . I didn 't ask for any of that ... Look , all I want is a stoplight , that 's it . In-In three months , I resign . Please , don 't go getting self-righteous on me , sport . It spoils your boyish charm . Besides , Maguire won 't let you resign . You 're too media-friendly . GARY : Now , last week a girl stumbled upon an escaped alligator here , and she was almost killed . But the fact is , she was probably safer here than she would have been crossing a street in the city , especially when the street has no stoplight , and especially when there 's a 40-ton truck flying at her . What is with this guy and his traffic light ? ( Gary speaking on TV ) Doesn 't he get it ? Maybe he 's just dense . We 're taking care of his bar , right ? The whole nine yards . Why did that happen ? Dutch , you see this kid ? What am ... What am I gonna do with this kid ? The dog is hungry . Throw him a bone . Throw him a bone ? What do you mean , give him the light ? Sure . ( chuckling ) Why not ? Just make sure it 's attached to something . Like Coveleski 's project ? You 're the supervisor . I 'm just here for the entertainment . GARY : I think everyone would agree that you can 't put a price on life , but I 'd say it 's at least worth the price of a stoplight . GARY : You see , it 's just that I feel a little uncomfortable with these favors . I-I ... It 's expected , Gary . You want to use power ? You got to show people you have power . Well , yeah . I 've been giving it a lot of thought , and I 'm gonna put your traffic light on the agenda for the next meeting . Top priority . You are ? All it needs is a simple majority to pass . Just like that ? Just like that . Well ... good . Good . Thank you , Mr. Maguire . I appreciate that . I think ... Now , the first item on the agenda will be the new city office building contract . We 're gonna award that to Stan Coveleski . So you go ahead and vote for that , and then we 'll get you your light . The , uh ... the new city office building ? Which would be Hamilton Place . ( laughs ) I know what you 've heard . It 's gonna tear the heart out of the old Greek neighborhood down there . ( scoffs ) Baloney . Yeah , well ... Hamilton Place only takes up a half a block of Greek Town . Look , they 're gonna get a nice buyout . The rest of the neighborhood gets the benefit of a major new revenue producer . Well ... I know better than to push you for a commitment right now . Think about it . Take your time . But I tell you , when you look at it , it 's a win-win . Yeah . MAN : Did you get it ? ( Gary sighs ) MAN # 2 : Not yet . Would you quit pacing ? It 'll all work out . Look , these impact statements- - they build this city office building at Hamilton Place , they 're gonna destroy one of the oldest neighborhoods in Chicago . And it 'll bring more commuters from the suburbs , and then you get your traffic light . Quid pro quo . One hand washes the other . You scratch my back ... Yeah , yeah , I got it . I got it . So vote for it . You 're so negative lately . Why can 't you see the glass is half full , like me , huh ? ( indistinct shouting ) ( vehicle approaches ) * * MAGUIRE : Yes ? Mr. Maguire , it 's Gary Hobson . What 's up ? I , uh ... I 've thought about it . You got a deal . That 's great . Get some sleep , kid . ( sighs ) ( cat meowing ) ( cat purring ) " Hobson makes his choice . " Supervisor Gary Hobson , who fell off a turnip truck " into the local political machine , " was the deciding vote last night " in the acquisition of a choice slab of political pork . ( cat purring ) " ... new city office complex , which would displace one of the city 's great neighborhoods ... " ( indistinct chatter ) " Residents will be reimbursed , but this isn 't about money , " it 's about a way of life . " It 's about community . " When Hamilton Place is gone , " or any of the neighborhoods like it are bought out , redevelop or simply disappear ... " " ... then part of this city 's soul disappears as well . " ( cat meows ) ( indistinct chatter ) ( entrance bell chimes ) I got it . What are you doing ? Oh , excuse me . Sorry . Excuse me . Thank you . Nice to meet you . MAGUIRE : Call the question . The vote is on the Hamilton Place buyout package and redevelopment by Coveleski Construction . All in favor ? Motion pa ... ( Maguire clears throat ) Let the record show five votes for the motion . All opposed ? Five votes opposed . There is no majority vote . Motion is defeated . Well , I see nothing else on the agenda . Move to adjourn . Now , wait a minute . What about the stoplight ? MAGUIRE : Call the question . In favor ? Aye . Aye . Aye . Aye . MAGUIRE : We are adjourned . ( gavel bangs ) Hey ! That 's a hell of a way to start your political career- - cut off the hand that feeds you . I don 't want a political career . All I want is a stoplight . Yeah , well , now you got neither , right ? Hey , listen , you 've got to start listening to what I 'm telling you . Give us a minute , will you ? Sure . What the hell was that , Hobson ? We had a deal . Well , I , I changed my mind . I don 't know what your game is . Either you 're very clever or just plain stupid . I don 't care . You 've got one more chance . Either you vote for that new office building , or you 're going to find the world of politics can be a very lonely place . GARY : I 'm not quite sure I understand . It says right here you could have gotten the light if you 'd voted for the Hamilton Place project . Well , probably , but you see ... But what ? How many more kids have to die before we get our light ? Now , wait , I 'm going to get the stoplight . It 's just ... What are you doing ? Holding out for a better deal ? No , I 'm not holding out . COVELESKI : Hobson ? I thought you were different , but you 're not . You got any idea how many people and plans you screwed up yesterday ? Huh ? What 's the problem ? You were going to get your stoplight . Not enough in it for you ? Wait a second- - I 'm not going to vote for anything unless I have a reason to vote for it . Right . Reasons . ( envelope thuds ) With more to follow after the next vote . Nice talking to you , kid . ( indistinct chatter ) What 's that ? That 's a returned favor . You know , I 'll tell you something . I took this job to get some people a stoplight . And any way I got to do it , I 'm going to get that stoplight . Mr. Hobson just became a liability . You with me here ? ( elevator bell dings ) Miss Greene , I need to talk to you . I 'm in a hurry . Yeah , listen , I 've talked to Maguire . I 've burned all the bridges with him and ... Good for you . I 'm late for an interview . Look , I want you to know I 'm going to get that stoplight , regardless of what the papers say . Yeah , maybe you shouldn 't believe everything you read . Listen , I need to talk to the supervisors that aren 't part of Maguire 's machine , but I don 't know what their agendas are , and I ... Look , I don 't know how to get in touch with them . You asking me for help ? You know a lot more on this than I do , I ... No , I 'm a journalist , Hobson . I call you people on your crap , I don 't step in it . No , you don 't , do you ? You just sit up in your big newspaper office and pretend you 're better than everyone and everything . You make a big joke out of all of it . Look , all I 'm trying to do is help some people , that 's it . All I want to do is to ... Oh , what am I talking to you for ? You don 't give a damn . Hey , Hobson ? You want to start with Mary Richardson . You want to get with her , you want to talk about school improvements , particularly ... You got a pencil ? No . How did your mother ever let you out of the house ? Write this down . Talk to Richardson about reading , okay ? That 's the Head Start Program . That 's her baby , all right ? And then , you want to talk to Woo ... Now , wait , wait a second- - let me get that reading program . MOLLY : Yeah , with a focus on preschool . She 'll be looking for help in allotting money for facilities and material ... GARY : And I vote on that . Right . Just remember , she 's on the school board , too . It 's all about education with Richardson . GARY : What about Woo ? MOLLY : Community policing . That 's the ticket with Woo . He was robbed three times last year , and he wants an allocation to put more beat cops down in the neighborhoods . GARY : That sounds fair . Word to the wise : he 's got no sense of humor , so don 't make any jokes . You 'll really connect with him if you remind him you 're a small businessman yourself . GARY : Okay , good . Woo is close friends with Gonzalez . So if Woo likes you , Gonzalez is along for the ride . Can I help you ? Health inspector . Health inspector ? We just had a health inspection two weeks ago . Oh . Well , there have been complaints . Complaints ? From who ? Uh-oh , vermin infestation . What ? ! Ah , got rat droppings everywhere . Where ? All storage , prep and cooking areas . You 're not even looking . You 're closed , pending further inspection . Anybody eats or drinks anything in here until I say so , you 're looking at serious jail time . Wait a minute , you just can 't come in ... Have a nice day . Huh ... Gary , that guy , he ... Hey , what 's with y-your parking spot ? They 're towing away your car out there . My car ? Yeah . They 're towing my car ? ! Hey ! Give me my car back ! Oh , man , this just gets better and better . Here . Health inspection ? They 're closing us down . Shutting us down for what ? For voting the wrong way . You happy now ? What do you mean , am I happy ? Look , what do you want me to do ? You want me to take a bribe , is that it ? It 's called compromise , Gare . That is what this country was founded on . What is it that Patrick Henry said ? " You got to give a little to get a little . " I know how I 'll get us out of this . How ? I 'll resign . After I get the stoplight , I 'll resign . Gary , they shut us down . You can 't win . Forget about it . Don 't ever tell me what I can 't do . He 's one vote short . Hmm ... All he 's got to do is turn one of Maguire 's crew around , and he gets his traffic light . Oh . ( laughing ) He really got to you , didn 't he ? Who ? Hobson ? No , I just ... I think he 's got a good issue , that 's all . Oh , there are lots of good issues , Molly . I 've never seen you campaigning behind the scenes for them . I 'm not ca ... Well , maybe I am . It 's , it 's just I think he really is who he says he is , Dutch . So is the Pope , Molly . Doesn 't mean he should be mayor of Chicago . No . But I know somebody who could have been once . Oh , yeah ? Yeah . Hard-nosed idealist . Had the respect of the , uh , old liners , the reformers ... What 's your point , Molly ? My point is , see , this guy was on his way , but , uh , then he tripped . Rumor was ... took a penny ante bribe . Never came out in public , but it was just enough , you know , for the power brokers to drive him into the back room , where he stayed , 40 years . ( chuckles ) Let me tell you a little story , Molly . Abraham Lincoln , when he was in Illinois politics , he was approached by a man to buy his influence . Well , Lincoln started to throw the man down the stairs . The man panicked , and he said , " What 's the matter with you , huh ? I didn 't offer you enough ? " Well , Lincoln said , " That 's the problem . You were getting too close to my price . " Now , the difference between Abe and me , Molly I didn 't get my man to the staircase in time . Now , I might know which of the boys could be persuaded to vote for Hobson 's traffic light . Yeah ? Remember that airport scandal last year ? There was another supervisor involved . And I got the goods . Well , that 's a hot story . And it 'd make one hell of a story if I gave it to you . But on the other hand , if I kept it to myself , and I called this fella and I said , " Now you vote for her boy , if you know what 's good for you ... " what then ? And to make this an object lesson in practical politics I 'm going to leave the choice to you . ( chuckles ) We 're in a lot of trouble . We don 't get more cash flow going , we 're going to have to start laying people off . We 're not laying anybody off . How are we going to pay them , Gary ? We are broke ! Another five days , that 's it . All right , so we take out a loan . You know , you could help a little bit . ( pounding on door ) We 're closed ! JOHANNSEN : Open up ! I know you 're in there ! Who is that ? I don 't know . ( pounding continues ) Uh , Gary ... I don 't know how you found out , Hobson , but I want to tell you flat out , it wasn 't me . It was my moron brother-in-law . What ? Drop the act . You 've got my vote . I got your vote ? What ? You think I 'd rather go toe-to-toe with my wife ? Well , no , no . I ... I got to hand it to you . You 're better at this than I thought . Whoa ... What was that all about ? I don 't know , but it looks like I got a , a vote , so I got the stoplight . Which that 's good , but I-I don 't know . ( faucet running ) CHUCK : Gare ? ( door closes ) ( mumbling ) Huh ? ( faucet running ) Hey , cat . " Hobson 's Unlikely Coalition Wins Traffic Light Battle . " Ah . Hey , look , Gare . You kind of stumbled out of the blocks with this political gig , but with my expertise , I think you 're going to be okay . You do , huh ? Yeah . Look , you just got to listen to me more , okay ? Yeah , well , you know what I- - what ? ( meows ) " Two die in gas explosion . " " An explosion killed two construction workers " yesterday at a downtown condominium conversion . " Authorities believe the accident started " when a welder cut through an abandoned gas main that appears to have been reconnected by transients . " I gotta go . Wait a minute . You- - After all this work , you 're not gonna miss your own vote , are you ? What can I do ? Call the construction site . I gotta go . Wait . Gare , what about the stoplight ? What about your political future ? What about me ? Stall ' em . Stall ' em how ? You 're the political genius . You figure it out . ( door shuts ) ( indistinct chattering ) MAGUIRE : Next item is the Wingate-Emerson traffic light , although its sponsor , Supervisor Hobson , is not present ... Uh , Supervisor Hobson 's been delayed . He 's on his way . He just couldn 't be here right now . Oh . That 's too bad . I move we vote now on the proposed traffic light . Oh , wait a minute . You can 't . Motion 's been made . Well , then , can I vote for him ? He told me that I could . Sit down and be quiet , or I will have you ejected from this chamber . This is for approval of a traffic light ... Where is he ? He 's , uh , putting out a fire . MAGUIRE : ... Wingate Avenue and Emerson Street . Hey ! Hey , wait ! What are you doing here ? You 're not happy you screwed up one project ? Listen ... You 're going for more ? Listen , there 's gonna be a ... Get the hell out of here ! There 's gonna be an explo ... ! ( groans ) Hawkins ! Stay back ! Those tanks could blow ! All right . I gotcha . Come on . Get out ! Come on ! All right , I got your legs . You 'll be all right . All right , grab his feet . Go on . ( groaning ) No , my leg 's caught . My leg 's caught ! The motion 's been made and seconded . I 'm gonna have to do something . Vote on the approval of a traffic light at the intersection of Wingate Avenue and Emerson Street . That 's not fair ! ( pounding gavel ) I will clear this hall if there are any further interruptions . I 'm madder than hell , and I 'm not gonna take it anymore ! I 've warned you . Four score and ... seven years ago , our forefathers founded upon this continent a new nation ! Conceived in liberty , and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal ! ( onlookers murmuring assent ) Including Chicagoans ! ( cheering and applause ) ( pounding gavel ) MAGUIRE : Order ! Order ! Get him out of here ! Go on ! Go on ! ( groaning ) The tank 's gonna blow . Go on ! Come on , Take it easy . Go on , get him out of here ! Get out ! Come on . Come on . ( groaning ) I 'm out of order ? ! You 're out of order ! And you 're out of order ! You 're all out of order ! Out of order ! Out of order ! ( chanting ) : Attica ! Attica ! Hey ! ( pounding gavel ) This is an obstruction of the First Amendment ! There is a motion on the floor . Without further delay , call the question . Not yet . What ? Table the motion for further discussion . Once the question 's been called , it 's against procedure for further discussion . Don 't tell me about procedures . I helped write the damn procedures . As a representative of Supervisor Hobson , I may make a final address after the question has been called . I wrote it , in case I had to use it myself one day . And I guess that day is finally here . There is no such rule . Well , prove me wrong . And until you do , I will not give up the floor . Get the rules of procedure . ( whispering ) : What is he doing ? I think he just made it back to the top of the stairs . What ? DUTCH : In the meantime ... I 'd like to thank everyone for coming here today . I see we have some families from Wingate-Emerson , where they need this light . Maybe you could all stand up . Hmm ? Come on , stand up , all of you . Introduce yourselves . One at a time . Don 't be nervous . And you take as long as you need . What 's your name , darling ? Graciela . Graciela . How old are you , Graciela ? GRACIELA : Seven . Come on ! ( screams ) Don 't come any closer ! The whole floor could go ! Come on . Grab my arm . Come on . Come on . ( Coveleski screams ) Come on . Come on . Here we go . ( hissing ) ( screaming ) ( car alarm blaring ) You okay ? GARY : Yeah . Hey , h-how 's your leg ? Still attached . Aren 't you supposed to be at a supervisor 's council meeting ? Yeah . So what are you doing here ? Huh ? Uh ... When I was a young man , I went down to my precinct office , and I told them I wanted to be involved . Well , Easy Ed Murphy , the old precinct boss , he asked me , he says , " What do you really want ? " And I told him . I said I wanted to make a difference . He told me to get lost . He said , " We don 't want nobody around here who don 't want nothing . " But I 'm still here . And you know , I think I still want the same thing . Okay , Dutch , you 've said your piece . Hobson hasn 't shown . I think it 's time for you to sit down . Not yet . Been too long since I stood up . It 's kind of nice . I like it . ( chuckles ) Maybe more of us should stand up ( door opens ) when we feel the need , if you get my meaning . But on the other hand I am an old man , and I 'm getting tired . I yield the floor for the vote . Move to postpone the vote . Oh , you do ? Yes . I believe it 's in the best interest of many of us present if there 's no vote today . Vote on the traffic light . Not a good idea . I personally would like to see the vote . Certain parties better stop interrupting . Now , who would that be ? I could have you removed . ( hushed ) : You try to throw me out , I might hold a press conference in the hall to talk about how contracts are awarded for city office buildings . You know ... things like that . Really ? Really . You want to cut your own throat ? GARY : Excuse me , Mr. Chairman ? I have something to say . Okay , I-I want to say something . Then you can go back and do whatever you want to do . First of all , no one here has to vote any other way than what their conscience tells them to . Now , second of all ... Look , I just became a politician a few days ago . But , uh ... Well , I 've got a confession to make . And that is , I work for a boss . But , eh ... well , it 's not you . And it 's not you . And it 's not you or you or you- - it 's not any of you . This ... this is my boss . And I 've got to do right by her . We all do . Because if we don 't , we 're not doing our job . And we should recognize that . Are you with me here ? Approve that light , I 'll put it up free of charge . Throw in new curbs , a new traffic island ... Ah , hell , I 'll build them a new park , so they got something to do once they cross the street . Put that in your pipe and smoke it . All in favor ? Motion passed . ( cheering and applause ) Come to or ... Come to order ! This meeting has not been adjourned . ( applause and whistles ) Order ! Order ! Mr. Hobson , I believe you wanted the floor . I do ? Oh , yeah , I do . I , I , I do . I-I have some , uh ... Well , I have some new business to present . It 's about my resignation . And , uh ... Well , I 'm , uh ... I 'm going to resign under one condition , you see . And that is that I get to name my replacement . You don 't get to name anything ! Oh , why don 't you just shut up ? ( applause and murmurs ) Thank you . Thank you . I ... well , I 'd like to name someone who I think , uh ... well , I think who , in different times , would have been , uh ... Well , I nominate Dutch Van Drie . Oh , take it , Dutch . It 's only about 40 years overdue . What the hell . ( applause ) Just don 't let them down , huh ? Don 't you worry . This old lion 's still got a few roars left in him . And I plan to rattle a few bones before I 'm through . MOLLY : " In the end , this isn 't a story about a traffic light , " or how cynicism can blind you , or how politics can make you cynical . " " Or how somebody with nothing but good intent " can triumph over insurmountable odds . Or how you 're never too old for redemption . " ( indistinct chatter ) " No , what this story is about " is how a city can have a soul , " like any other living thing . " And how that soul is kept alive " by the people in the neighborhoods , " in the stores , the churches , the bars , " the back rooms , meeting halls , and anywhere we gather together to get something done . " And that , as they say , is all she wrote .
