 " BE MY DREAM VALENTINE " " Love , Sheila XOXO . " The malfunction cut off power to rural parts of Kroner County . Up next , the amazing story of two giant pandas in love . But first , let 's check in with Holman Hardt and the weather . Well , still no rain in sight for the Kroner Hills region as yet another winter storm passes south of us . I 'll have all the numbers and my five-day forecast right after this . Hey , baby , you 're home early . Sheila , we got a really big problem here . What in the hell were you thinking ? Happy Valentine 's Day . We made a deal . We agreed to keep the engagement secret until I said so . I know , but I just wanted everybody in town to know why I 've been so happy the last few months . Current temperature in Kroner is 45 degrees . I know business has been slow but we can 't stop living just ' cause it hasn 't rained in a spell . - Maybe we should just call off the engagement . - Don 't do this , not today . It 'll rain soon . I can feel it . I-I just need time to think . Oh , look at that . And you wonder why your ass is so big . " It 'll rain soon . I can feel it . " I 'll be damned . SIX MONTHS LATER Don 't look at me . This was your idea . Agent Mulder , welcome to Kroner . I 'm Jim Gilmore , the mayor . - We spoke on the phone . - Nice to meet you , sir . If I 'd have known you was bringing the missus , I would 've arranged for fancier accommodations . I 'm Agent Scully , Agent Mulder 's partner . I 'm ... sure the accommodations will be just fine . My apologies , ma 'am . We appreciate your flying clear out here to help solve our crisis . I 'd hoped for a bigger welcome , but , well ... Okay , Rhonda that 's enough . Go find your mama ! Uh , sir you mentioned a crisis . Agent Mulder has been a little ... ah ... vague as to the specifics of this crisis . It 's all around us- - runted crops , field fires , bankruptcies ... This drought is destroying people 's lives , and it 's wrong for a single man to prosper at the expense of others . A single man ? Daryl Mootz . He 's a local fella charging people for rain . - You mean cloud seeding ? - The hell I do . I mean he shows up at a farm , does his dog and pony act and the heavens weep . Well , sir , if this man Mootz could , in fact , somehow produce rain then what 's the crime ? I believe Daryl 's causing the drought ... so he can charge folks for the rain . And this is what you told Agent Mulder when you spoke earlier ? Yes , ma 'am . He seemed real eager to help us . Come on , Scully . You act like I intentionally misled you . Over the past 30 years this town has had more tornadoes , heat waves and hailstorms than any other town in the country . It 's like ... ground zero for extreme weather . A man ... controlling ... the weather . Well , if that 's true- - if Daryl Mootz is controlling the weather for profit . Then that is a crime and that should be investigated . Mulder , I see the vacant buildings . I see the signs . These people are scared . But there have always been droughts and natural disasters and people are always looking for a scapegoat . Yeah , but how many scapegoats lease office space ? Agents Mulder and Scully with the FBI . We 're looking for Daryl Mootz . Yes , ma 'am . Appendix " C. " That 's right . I need a six-pack of beer , a carton of Morley Lights , and a big old bowl of jellybeans . And can you pick out all the green ones ' cause he don 't like the green ones . You 're welcome . - Now , what can I do for the FBI ? - We want to see the king . I 'm sorry . Mr. Mootz is out of the state till this afternoon on business . Well , when you say " on business " you mean he 's making it rain ? Uh-huh . He 's just across the state line into Nebraska . Town of Wymore . If we could get a list of all the people who have employed his services , it would be helpful . I don 't understand . Does he ... Don 't y 'all need a warrant or a subpoena or something like that ? We usually just say , " please . " What are you investigating Daryl for ? He 's a hero in this community . - So you actually believe that he makes it rain ? - I know it to be fact . He saved my daddy 's farm . How dare you people . See ? Daryl 's making that rain . Is it possible that he could have just followed it up there ? Here 's your damn client list . You 'll see . Every one a satisfied customer . This , uh , TV station - - is that far from here ? We were beginning to worry that you wouldn 't make it . Is this your first time in a TV studio ? How exciting . I couldn 't be happier for the two of you . I 'm not su ... Holman , I 'd like to introduce you to the Gundersons . Congratulations ! I hope you have a truly romantic getaway . Aren 't you glad you watch Channel Five weather ? We 're Agents Mulder and Scully . We 're with the FBI . FBI ? Oh , my goodness ! I thought you were the " Watch the Weather and Win " contest winners . See , we haven 't had any rain in months and ... - ... well , people tend to blame the messenger . - Oh , there 's the Gundersons . Over here ! It 's like looking in a mirror . When I first saw the pair of you I thought you were rather smartly dressed for a farm couple . Make yourselves at home . Well , from what I 've read about Kroner you 've had more than your fair share of unusual weather . Well , we certainly have . To you , Kroner must seem small and simple but through the eyes of meteorology , low pressure systems , storm fronts , tornado watches . Kroner is sophisticated , complex and well sexy . And ... frankly I can 't imagine a more exciting place to be a meteorologist . Uh , Mr. Hardt , what can you tell us about Daryl Mootz ? The Mayor called you in , didn 't he ? He thinks Daryl 's causing the drought . - You don 't think he 's responsible . - Of course not . A huge high-pressure system is the primary culprit . There 's no credible evidence to suggest that Daryl , or any man can be held accountable for our predicament . - Thank you . Can we go now ? - No , no , um ... What about the rain ? Well , that 's a more clouded issue if you 'll excuse my pun . I have a list of over 40 names here , people in four different counties , who claim that Daryl Mootz has made it rain for them . I went to high school with Daryl . Different social circles and frankly , he 's about the last man I would give credit to for anything ... I hear a big " but " coming . Daryl appears to be the real deal . I can 't explain it , but where he wanders , showers follow . Look at the desperation on these people 's faces , Mulder . They 're ready to believe anything . According to his schedule the King should have been here by now . Here he comes ! Here he comes ! He 's here ! - Oh , isn 't that sweet ? That 's sweet . - Man ! What could we use around here , a little rain ? Oh , look at this ! Ah ! Take these , will you , somebody ? That is the wrong damn boot , now , isn 't it , hon ? Be a good girl , and go on and get me the red snakeskin . Well , looky here . The FBI . We just came to see the show . I guess , uh , we 're a little early . Oh , ye of little faith . That truck out there of mine is a whole lot faster than my rain clouds . Excuse me . Thank you . - How do you explain your unique ability ? - I don 't . It 's complicated . Try me . I watch the Weather Channel . If you 're wondering did I ask for this gift no , sir , I did not , no more than I asked to lose this here limb . But I should 've expected it and I 'll tell you why . Because I come from a long line of healing people . I 'm a spiritual man , in touch with the really real . The , the unseen real . And I ... am one 64th Cherokee and I can summon up my ancestors to bring water to this thirsty land . Yeah ! - Mulder , what are we doing here ? - Well , this is not without historical precedent . The Old West was full of traveling men who claimed to be rainmakers . The Pueblo Indians even had a rain dance . Mulder , that is not a rain dance . My Irish Aunt Olive has more Cherokee in her than Daryl Mootz . I mean , look at him , Mulder . Does that look like a man who can control the weather ? - Are we still going to the reunion together on Friday ? - Absolutely . Social event of the decade . Hard to believe it 's been 20 years since we finished high school . Where did the time go ? What were those FBI people looking for ? Oh , they were asking questions about Daryl . About making it rain . I wish they 'd just go back to wherever they came from and leave him alone . You don 't still love him , do you ? I can 't believe you still care about him after the way he treated you . - I know . - He never loved you , Sheila . All he cared about was your money , and as soon as he got some of his own ... - ... he just- - - He left . I know . But I think he used to love me . There are other men who will love you more . FBI- - my Lord . I don 't think I 'll be able to sleep knowing they 're poking round . " 26 TORNADOS DAILY . " Ma 'am , unless you want to get covered in hamburger , I reckon you should step outside . Oh , miss , we moved your boyfriend 's things into your room . He 's my partner , and we prefer separate rooms . Oh , old-fashioned are you , huh ? Well , we 're booked solid with the high school reunion . You can take it or leave it . We can just butterfly it . I 've got my kit over in the car . Scully , I don 't think it 's a coincidence that a cow gets hurled at me just as we 're down here investigating the weather . - Mulder , did they check you for head trauma ? - I 'm telling you , that cow had my name on it . Agent Mulder , are you all right ? I feel terrible . - If there 's anything I can do , please don 't hesitate . - Perhaps there is . Mr. Hardt , would you please reassure Agent Mulder that this cow incident was , in fact , a natural phenomenon ? With pleasure . Uh , it 's my belief that a mini-twister picked that poor creature up , lifted it about 12,000 feet where the air cooled and , uh ... I 'm just grateful you weren 't hurt any worse . Excuse me . - You shouldn 't be here . - Holman , don 't make this any harder . It 's my fault . I did it . I 'm so sorry . I didn 't mean for this to happen . It 's not something that I can control . - Are you saying that you 're somehow responsible for the ... - I murdered that poor cow ! Uh ... Holman just explained to us that , uh , that a mini-twister is what caused the accident . He 's just being sweet , covering for me . He knows the truth . This isn 't the first time something like this has happened . The night of my senior prom a tornado demolished our high school ... And then ... On my wedding day , a day I 'd always dreamed about , the ceremony was outdoors on the Fourth of July weekend . It snowed six inches . Then three years later my husband ran off with some gal from the phone company and on the day that our divorce was finalized I stepped out of the courthouse and you know how you-you-you can see shapes in those big fluffy clouds ? Well ... I swear that every cloud in that big blue sky was a face laughing at me ... And that was about ten years ago and that was the last time it happened until last night . - What 's your connection to Daryl Mootz ? - Well ... We used to be engaged . You two were engaged ? Yeah , about six months ago and , um ... we had a fight and he took a drive , and ... and a ... and a freak hailstorm cost him his leg . And ever since then , the rain 's been following him . - Am I under arrest ? - No . I can tell you without a doubt that you 're not responsible for any of that weather . Oh ... But ... Agent Scully and I specialize in these types of cases and-and-and although you may have had some bad luck you didn 't cause any of it . - Are you sure ? - Yeah , yeah , I 'm ... I 'm sure . Scully , you have any doubts ? - No . No doubts . - You see ? I really want to believe you . - Thanks . - You 're welcome . - That hailstorm didn 't cause Daryl 's car crash . - What are you talking about ? The weather was bad , but Daryl was drunk and driving too fast . Drunk ? I ... never heard that . We all felt that Daryl losing his leg was punishment enough . People don 't realize how hard a work this is . I mean , sure , it looks like I 'm just sitting here , but ... My powers of concentration ... Oh , yeah , oh , right there , yeah , yeah . Yeah , oh , you ... You 're worth every penny . - Now , what was I saying ? - " Powers of concentration . " Yeah , right . I ... m-my brain 's functioning on something like , I don 't know , 14 different levels taking in a whole bunch of variables like wind velocity and-and humidity and ... - Daryl ... Do you hear that ? - Hear what ? The rain stopped . Next flight out is 10 : 00 tomorrow morning . Look at this , Scully September 20 , 1991 , it rained rose petals for nearly an hour . Mulder , we 're going home . The rain stopped this afternoon . Daryl Mootz is being sued by about 50 people . There 's no case ... And you told Sheila yourself that she wasn 't controlling the weather . She 's not . Neither is Daryl . Check this out , on the same day that it rained rose petals . " Irene Hardt , beloved wife and devoted mother passed away yesterday afternoon ... She 's survived by one son , Holman Hardt . " - Oh , so , now you 're saying that Holman Hardt ... - Holman Hardt is manufacturing the weather . Did you see how relieved he was when he learned that Daryl was drunk ? I 've been doing some checking . Holman Hardt has been hospitalized five times with nervous exhaustion , each time coinciding with a major meteorological event . Mulder , it is still a huge leap to say that he 's manufacturing the weather . Most people will admit that the weather plays a significant role in the way they feel , right ? There 's even that disorder . - SAD : seasonal affective disorder . - Mm-hmm , yeah . Well , who 's to say that it doesn 't work the other way around , that the way someone feels can affect the weather , that the weather is somehow an expression of Holman Hardt 's feelings or-or-or better still , the feelings that he 's not expressing ? I 've tried to say this a thousand times ... Tried to express the ... fire that burns inside this humble exterior . Sheila , you 're the reason I remained in this town all these years . I wake up each day knowing ... - Hello ? - Holman , it 's me . Working late ? Sh-sheila , hi . Yeah , um ... I was just thinking about you . I 'm looking forward to the reunion tomorrow night . Me , too . - You sound in a good mood . - Well , I am , Holman , and it 's all because of you . I wanted to let you know that I 've been thinking about what you said about Daryl yesterday and I realized that you were right . - I was ? - Yes , you were , and I am so over him . " Daryl who ? " That 's what I say . I realized that I 've been chasing the wrong kind of guy . I need someone who I can talk to . I need someone who I can feel safe with . I can 't tell you what that means to me . Holman , I want to ask you something and I hope that we can keep it our secret for the time being . Of course , Sheila , anything . Well , what do you think of Agent Mulder ? Hey , Holman . - Agent Mulder . - I 've come to say good-bye , Holman . - You 're leaving . - Yeah . But I want you to get some help before you kill somebody . - Help ? What are you talking about ? - You know what I 'm talking about . You 're not just a weatherman , you 're THE weatherman . You 're the person who 's been affecting the weather . Agent Mulder , if I could control the weather don 't you think I would make it rain ? - That I would end this drought ? - I don 't think it works that way . I don 't think you do it on purpose . I just think you bottle up your emotions , anger , grief , or love or whatever , and then , as a response , it rains or hails or there 's a flying cow . That poor animal . And whatever it is , you got to let it out . I can 't . Yeah , you can . It 's Sheila , isn 't it ? You love her . You 've always loved her . That , uh , tornado at the high school ... that was you , wasn 't it ? The night of our senior prom , I , uh accidentally stumbled upon her and her boyfriend in flagrante delicto . And the next thing you know ... And you 've never told her the way you feel ? How can a frog tell a swan that he loves her ? Well , you better tell her or you 're going to kill somebody . - W-well , you got to help me . - I got a plane to catch . - You can 't go . If you don 't help me , who will ? - I am meeting my partner at the airport . Excuse me . Hold on . - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . - I 'm on my way . - I 'm not so sure . Have you looked outside lately ? It 's pea soup . - Our plane can 't take off until after this fog lifts . - Fog ? Holman ! - Holman ? - Yeah ... he wants advice . Dating advice . Dating advice ? From whom ? Yours truly . Hello ? Hey , Scully . Scully , you there ? I heard you . - Mulder , when was the last time you went on a date ? - I will talk to you later . The blind leading the blind . This red number ? Daryl , you 're like one of those tragic rock stars . You know , like , like Jim Morrison or Kurt Cobain . You just shine too bright for too short a time . We 'll tell our kids all about it . Kids . Can 't afford kids . If I don 't come up with a lot of cash pronto I am in deep doo-doo . Dairy Queen will take me back . I get almost six dollars an hour . - I 'm thinking . There 's got to be somebody ... - We 'll get the money , baby . - Sheila . - What about her ? Cindy ... You have been real sweet and all but I think we can use some time apart . What ? Are you breaking up with me ? Nothing personal . I 've been envious of men like you my whole life . Based on your physical bearing , I 'd assumed you were ... More experienced . I mean ... You spend every day with Agent Scully a beautiful , enchanting woman . And you two never , uh ... ? I ... confess I find that shocking . I ... I 've seen how you two gaze at one another . This is about you , Holman . I 'm here to help you . I 'm perfectly happy with my friendship with Agent Scully . So according to your theory I walk in there , tell her I love her and the drought will end ? Just tell her how you feel . And Holman . I do not gaze at Scully . - Hey . - Hey . I can 't find my notes for my ... presentation . Here they are . - You got a minute ? - For you , always . Are you excited about the high school reunion tonight ? Of course . Uh ... - You 're busy . We can talk later . - Oh , what is it ? I ... I love you . I love you , too . Holman . What 's wrong ? Is that rain ? Oh , my gosh , it is ! It 's raining ! Well ? Good afternoon , Agent Mulder . See you tonight , Holman . Oh , you did it . No , you did it . - What are you talking about ? - She said that she loves me but that she 's in love with you . - What do you mean there 's somebody else ? - Daryl , this isn 't the place . - Just tell me who it is . - Let me go ! Hey ! Hey , Daryl . Cut it out , man . Him ? This is the guy ? ! Oh , what 's he got that I ain 't got ? A job . A way with words . Intelligence . Good looks . Good looking ? I 'll show you good looking . Daryl ! No , not his face ! - Daryl . - Don 't you hit him in the face ! Oh , good . Picking on a cripple . You 'll hear from my lawyer . - You deserve a big reward . - No ... Mulder , the fog has lifted and if you 're ready ... the plane is waiting . Scully , do you know anything about , um ... weather radar ? A bit . Why ? What does red mean ? Thunderstorms , I think . Looks like we 're not going to be able to catch our plane . Seven inches in the past six hours . The national weather service has issued a flash flood warning for the county . - Mulder , are you sure he 's here ? - If she 's here , he 'll be here . - Come on , Holman , now make it stop . - This is your fault , not mine . - My fault ? - You were kissing her . Oh , look who 's here 's some of my favorite people . Old friend , ... and new ones . - You look very lovely tonight , Sheila . - Thank you . You look handsome . Both of you . Oh , I love this song . Agent Mulder , care to dance ? Holman was just telling us that , uh , that he wanted to dance . - Yes , he was . - I would be honored . Okay . Tell her , Holman . - What was that Agent Mulder said ? Tell me what ? - Oh , no big deal . We tell each other everything , don 't we ? Well ... When I stopped by your office this afternoon ... - When I said that ... - When you said you loved me . What I meant to say ... What I wanted you to understand ... Is that I 'm in love with you . That I 've loved you since high school . I 'll build the ark , you gather the animals . I was kidding . Sheila ... My partner has a theory and even though I don 't share his belief I feel that , given the circumstances you should hear his theory because it involves you and Holman . Agent Mulder believes that the drought , this storm , these bizarre set of weather conditions that have plagued you over the years are are caused by Holman . Specifically , that that his emotions are somehow manifesting themselves in the weather and Agent Mulder believes that-that Holman is unwittingly destroying this town because of his unspoken love for you . You love him , don 't you ? What ? You 're jealous because Agent Mulder and I have a special connection and you 're trying to divert me to Holman . What ? It is good to be the king ! It is good to be the king ! Where 's Sheila ? Where 's your leg ? Cindy took it . Said I 'd have to crawl back to her . Now , where 's Sheila ? Not even a kiss ? Trust me , the man knows how to kiss . I just never thought of Holman that way , you know . He 's my closest friend . And to not even suspect ... Well , it seems to me that the best relationships , the ones that last , are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship . You know , one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before . Like a switch has been flicked somewhere . And the person who was just a friend is suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with . The storm drains are filling up . Let 's get out of here . I 'll teach you to mess with my woman . If I had two legs I 'd kick your ... I called the police . You might want to take a look at the king , make sure he 's all right . Whatever happened to Sheila ? Is it true ? That you make the weather ? Because of me ? - The tornado in high school , snow at my wedding ? - I 'm so sorry . - Daryl 's rain ? - Can 't explain the logic of it . Yes . - Some strange manifestation of guilt . - Even this rain ? Because you love me ? Because ... I love you . That is the most romantic thing I 've ever heard . - I 'm sorry , baby . - Me , too . I brought you a leg . Oh ... ! Why you so good to me , honey ? - I didn 't know reunions could be so ... - Wet ? Well , how 'd it go ? You should try it sometime . Shelia ? I can 't imagine a more beautiful day than today . We have about a 30 % chance of showers tomorrow which should make all of our farming friends real happy ... ONE YEAR LATER You 're a chip off the old block , yes , you are . Yes , you are . Yes , you are .
