 - Good evening , Father . - Is she ready ? Yes . Baptism is the rite of initiation . This holy water takes away original sin . The sacrament confers the grace of God , Bringing the soul into God 's family . Dara , I baptize you in the name of the Father ... And of the Son ... And of the Holy Spirit . Bless you , my child . [ Thunderclap ] [ Clock chiming ] [ Thunder rumbling ] Dara ? Oh , my God . Dara ! Dara ! Dara ! Dara ! Dara ? Oh , my God . Dara ! No ! Bless me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been several months since my last confession . You have a sin to confess ? Father , I 'm an F.B.I. Agent . I 've taken it as my code and purpose to uphold the law . To save lives . And now your work has come in conflict with your faith . In a way . I was here for Easter services last week , And Father McCue approached me for my help . Why did he come to you ? Because there was a family that he felt needed my help . But it was more than that . Father , I had a daughter who died ... A strange and sudden death several months ago . Father McCue thought that by helping these people ... You might in some way help yourself ... To come to terms with your grief . - Yes . - But you haven 't . Father , I told you that I had a sin to confess . But the sin of which I 'm guilty , I 'm not sure if you can offer forgiveness . What is the sin ? An innocent girl is dead because of me . I could 've saved her life , but I let her die . [ Woman ] thank you so much . Nice to see you . Happy Easter , Father . Yes , Father . Happy Easter to you . Good to see you . Wonderful sermon . Dana , do you have a moment ? I 'd like to speak with you in private . I must say , Dana , it 's been nice seeing you at mass again . I 've almost started getting used to it . I 've been trying to make an effort to come more often . I don 't mean to take advantage of your attendance , But I 've become involved in a difficult situation ... With a couple that are also members here . - Do you know the Kernofs ? - No , I 'm afraid I don 't . Recently , they lost their daughter , Dara . You may have heard about the situation . No , I didn 't . The circumstances of the girl 's death were sudden , And I 'm afraid the police haven 't been able to tell them much . Are you asking for my help ? The Kernofs are devout , but their faith is giving them little comfort . I thought with your background , Your words might carry a certain weight . Can I tell them you 'll be visiting ? [ Mrs. Kernof ] that 's Dara on her 16th birthday . We couldn 't have children of our own . I persuaded lance six years ago to adopt . At first he was reluctant to accept a special - Needs child , But he became so attached to her . Then , this happens . You make the choice never imagining something like this ... Or how vulnerable you are . Dara had just been baptized . I know in my heart she 's gone to a better place , but lance is angry . Angry at God . They say time heals . Um , Father McCue said that you 've been having trouble ... Getting much information about what might have happened to her . They say now she may have been struck by lightning , But no one seems to know for sure . How she even got out of the house onto the street is a mystery . - What do you mean ? - Dara suffered from congenital spinal deformities . She 's been wheelchair-Bound her whole life . - Could somebody have taken her out of her room ? - Lance saw her walking , And when he found her , she was on her knees praying . I think that 's the hardest part for my husband . He 'll never understand how God could ... Forsake the life of an innocent girl ; How God , in his mercy could let this happen to our Dara . Mrs. Kernof was talking about her husband , But she might as well have been talking about me . You , too , were angry at God ? I felt drawn to these people , Father , In a very personal way . I was determined to help them understand why their daughter had been taken . And did you ? As much as I have my faith , Father , I am a scientist ... Trained to weigh evidence . But science only teaches us how . Not why . If you want me to stand by my report , I will , But I have to say it 's not exactly open and shut on the cause of death . - You think it was lightning ? - I 'm guessing it was lightning . The way her eyes were burned ... Suggests the bolt may have gone to ground , right through the top of her head . Funny thing is , there was no other sign of arcing , except for the face . Her mother said that she was found in a kneeling position . Genuflecting . Are you a religious person ? Why do you ask ? I haven 't been to church since I was a kid , But I went last Sunday . I 'm gonna show you something . Her body was rigored such that I had to do my examination ... In the position she was found . I 've never seen anything like it . Looks like there was surgery done on her hands . She was polydactyl . Same with her feet . I haven 't asked her parents yet , haven 't had the heart to , But I assume they had the extra fingers removed . What 's the connection ? I found no other evidence of any other tissue damage ... Or electrical burns or any other serious trauma . It 's as if God himself struck her down . Dara Kernof was adopted . I don 't suppose that you 've requested any information about the birth mother . - I can do that if you like . - No , that 's okay . I , uh- - I have someone I can ask . Somebody I 'd like to confer with , actually . Koklos . Paula Koklos . Room 213 . We 'll get her things packed up and get you on your way . [ Man ] hold it ! Just hold it . Are you Father Gregory ? Yes . I 'm Aaron Starkey with the department of social services . I am very sorry , but we 've had a mix-Up . - What are you talking about ? - Your adoption petition for Paula Koklos . It 's missing an approval . I 've got the court order . That 's the mix-Up . See , it never should have gone to family court ... Without getting an approval from the social worker assigned to the case , And that 's me . Give it to me here then and we 'll be on our way . I can 't , at least not yet . I 've just been assigned to Paula , So I 'll need time to familiarize myself with her case . Look , I 've already been through all this . I 'm here to take the girl home . I 'm sorry , Father , but you 'll have to wait ... Until I can get the paperwork in order . [ Phone ringing ] Hello . Hey , Scully . I 'm returning your call . Hi . Uh , something 's come up . I was hoping that you could do me a favor . What 's going on ? This isn 't official F.B.I. Business , So I was hoping that we could keep it outside of work . Hey , look , I 'm kind of tailing a possible suspect right now , so I 'm kind of rushed , so , uh- - I need some birth and adoptive records on a Dara Kernof . - Who ? - Dara Kernof . I can 't tell you much more than that , Mulder . I 'm sorry . You want to give me a hint ? Anything ? Not until you get me those records . All right . I 'll talk to you later . [ Mulder ] Scully ? Aren 't you the secret squirrel . What do you mean ? Got a look at that body they wheeled out of here . You 've been holding out . Mulder , it 's not what you think . I didn 't want to involve you . I got asked to look into this as a favor for a family . Dara Kernof 's family ? You found Dara 's records ? No . Those are her birth records . The adoption records have been sealed . I think one of my questions has already been answered . Dara was a twin . No . Actually , she was a quadruplet , one of four girls . Was this cross found like this ? Yes , as far as I know . Why ? It 's inverted . Upside-Down . That 's a protest , a sacrilege against the church . Put there by whom ? It 's your case , remember , Scully ? Do you have any suspects ? Not as of this time . Could the victim have placed it ? Uh , it 's doubtful . Paula Koklos was severely impaired ... Physically and mentally , as was Dara Kernof . They both died the same way ? It appears that their eyes were burnt out . Their bodies frozen in a position of prayer . Their physical deformities could account for that . They might . Look , Scully , I know you don 't really want my help on this , But can I offer you my professional opinion ? You got a bona fide , super-Crazy religious wacko on your hands . What makes you so sure ? The mote in the eye , the eyes as the window to the soul , eye for an eye . He 's working from ancient scripture , Ancient text , maybe even the Bible . He may even think he 's doing God 's work . Did you find anything ? My name is Aaron Starkey . I 'm the social worker assigned to Paula Koklos . This is so tragic . I just hope you catch whoever did this . Mr. Starkey , do you know if that cross over there belonged to Paula ? I don 't remember seeing it before . I 'm sure it didn 't . Did she have any visitors or anybody who might have left it behind ? Well , she had no family . No friends , really . I don 't know if you knew this , but Paula was about to be adopted . By who ? Scully , look at this . The Gnostic gospels , book of Enoch , book of " j , " [ Breathing ] apocrypha . I 'm surprised there 's nothing here from Jesus Christ Superstar . What kind of church is this ? There 's no telling . - Can I help you ? - Father Gregory ? Yes . I 'm Dana Scully . We 're here about the death of Paula Koklos . Oh , God , no . Are you all right , Father ? I was trying to adopt Paula . I 'm sure you knew that . We hear you were very anxious to do so . I-I hope to God you 're not suggesting I had something to do with it . - Why adopt her ? - You think I was interested in harming her ? Why adopt her ? I-I was trying to protect her . I knew her mother . - Do you know where she is ? - Yes . We were looking for her name . It 's not listed on the girls ' birth records . - Why would you want it ? - The other two girls may be in danger . We 're hoping that she might be able to help us find them . Their mother died in childbirth . Can you give us a name ? When I was a priest in the Roman Church , Before I founded my own , I was her confessor . Divulging her name would violate the code of my faith . And yours , I see . You said you wanted to protect Paula . From what ? Whatever your intentions , Your secular prejudices blind you from seeing what 's really happening here . Two girls are dead , not by the hand of man . Unless you accept the truth of God 's teachings ... That there is a struggle between good and evil for all souls ... And that we are losing that struggle , you 're but fools rushing in . You put your own lives in danger , As well as the lives of the messengers . I have nothing more to say . I brought Agent Mulder on the case to help temper my feelings ; To keep them from clouding my judgment . I wouldn 't admit it to him , but ... As we stood there , I felt as if Father Gregory were speaking directly to me ... In a language only I could understand . [ Priest ] the messengers . Yes . I know people in glass houses shouldn 't throw stones , Blah , blah , blah , but that guy is paranoid . I think you 're a little extreme in your judgment , don 't you , Mulder ? All that crap about the fight for all souls , the literature we saw , The performance we just witnessed , it all fits . He thinks he 's doing God 's laundry . Well , he said this wasn 't done by the hand of man . You think he believes that too ? If he does , he 's even more dangerous than he appears . Even if he 's not your killer , he is hiding something . - What ? - He says he knew the mother , but he won 't give up her name . Maybe she 's still alive . I think you have enough to bring him in for questioning , if not make an arrest . But , basically , you 're ruling out any element of the supernatural . What do you mean ? Well , Dara Kernof was baptized on the day of her death . She was sanctified by the ritual sacrament , submerged in the spirit . And why would God allow this to happen ? Why do bad things happen to good people ? Religion has masqueraded as the paranormal since the dawn of time ... To justify some of the most horrible acts in history . I was raised to believe that God has his reasons , however mysterious . He may have his reasons , but seems to use psychotics to carry out his job orders . You wanna find who did this ? I suggest you autopsy the body before it 's interred ; Before the man who killed her has a chance to find her sisters . [ Scully ] the victim is Paula Koklos , Age 16 , cause of death unknown . I 'll begin with the external examination . Victim has signs of congenital physical defects , Including four supernumerary digits . The only indications of external trauma are the burning , By means unknown , of both globes of the eyes . I 'm noting something on the shoulder , A bony process of some kind , possibly a tumorous mass . No indication of surgical procedure . The mass appears on both the right and left clavicle . Oh , God . Mommy ? Mommy , please . I told myself that it was all in my head , A hallucination brought on by my emotional connection to the case . That would seem to be a reasonable explanation . But that 's not what it was , Father . I was meant to see Emily ... For a purpose . Which was ? To save these girls . [ Mulder ] hey , Scully , it 's me . I did a little more digging on those adoption records . What do you mean ? I think I got a lead on that third sister . Where ? She was under county care ten years ago . Apparently , she wandered into a teen crisis center here in D.C. Last week homeless . That guy over at social services , Starkey , He 's helping me canvass the area . If she shares anything with her sisters , she wouldn 't be walking anywhere far . What did you find ? There 's evidence of a degenerative bone disease . And I know you 're gonna think that I 'm crazy , But I swear I found evidence of something winglike . Well , then maybe she flew here , Scully . Mulder , there 's something else . Hold that thought and tell it to me and Father Gregory when you see us . Stop right there ! Move into the light ! Move into the light ! Hands where I can see ' em ! We 're too late . - Where 's the girl ? - She 's dead . - Where is she ? - In there . [ Wings flapping ] [ Mulder ] what are you asking for , Father ? Mercy or forgiveness ? [ Praying softly ] You know , they say when you talk to God , it 's prayer , But when God talks to you , it 's schizophrenia . What is your God telling you , Father ? I pray for the girls ' souls . You pray for their souls now . That 's convenient . I 'm immune to your mockery . You 're not interested in the truth . I am only interested in the truth . I would like to know why you did what you did ... To three defenseless , helpless young girls . What in your sick mind would possess you to burn their eyes out ? Did they see you for who you are , like I do ? What does this mean , Father ? Tell him what it is . St. Peter . You know the story . St. Peter on the cross . St. Peter would only be crucified upside down ... Out of humility towards Christ . I 've risked my life to protect their precious souls , Which the devil has sought to claim for his own . He took two before I could reach them , and I was too late to save the third . [ Door opens ] Agents Mulder and Scully ? [ Father Gregory ] you know . You 've already guessed what they are . The last one is still out there . The devil is here , And if he finds her , his victory will be complete . Scully , they think they found the fourth girl . As long as I 'm in here , there 's no one to protect her . Let me go ... or she will die . - You believed him . - Yes . But you didn 't tell your colleague . He believed that he could find the last girl . But I already knew that I was meant to save her . From what ? I wasn 't sure . Father Gregory said that the devil claimed the lives of the first three girls . You don 't believe that . I know now that Father Gregory was mistaken . The devil didn 't take their souls , But the threat to those girls was real ... And Father Gregory gave his life to protect them . [ Mulder ] the fourth girl is Roberta Dyer . Transferred to Maryland adoption services in 1995 ... When her foster Father got a job in Gaithersburg . Adoption services were called to investigate allegations of child abuse ... In September of that year . Three more times in ' 96 , then two more times in ' 97 . - What 's wrong ? - Father Gregory called them " messengers . " Scully ? Scully , don 't let this guy get in your head . That 's the last thing you want . Sometimes the most twisted ones are the most persuasive . He knows where she is . That 's okay . As long as he 's locked up , it doesn 't matter . You 're not gonna find her . I think you 're being misled . By who ? Scully , I think you 're the one who 's being misled . Not just willingly , but willfully . I 've never seen you more vulnerable or susceptible or more easily manipulated , And it scares me because I don 't know why . I saw Emily . She came to me in a vision . I think you should step away . Personal issues are making you lose your objectivity , Clouding your judgment . You go . Go find the girl . I 'm going to finish up with Father Gregory . Okay . [ Man ] Father Gregory . Where is she , Father ? How did you get in here ? I will not be denied this time , Father . But you took the others . The others were taken from me . I will not allow that to happen again . Where is the fourth girl ? [ Praying softly ] [ Groaning ] Tell me , Father . Save yourself . I 'd like to get back in here . It should be open . Father Gregory ? Father Gregory ! Yeah ? We have a warrant to search the premises for your daughter . She 's not here , I tell you . She 's out . She 's at school . We checked the school . She hasn 't been there in a week . We have reason to believe her life may be in danger . If you know something- - - What 's behind this door ? - It 's the basement . - Well , can you unlock it ? - I don 't have the key . Is this her room ? Where is she , Mr. Dyer ? Where is she ? They 're gonna cut off the checks , aren 't they ? - Where is she ? - He said he 'd take her off my hands , But I could keep the disability . - Who ? - The priest . - Who ? - Father Gregory . [ Police radio chatter ] [ Cell phone ringing ] Hello ? Yeah , hi , Scully . It 's me . He 's dead , Mulder . Who ? Father Gregory . They found him alone in the interrogation room . No one can figure it out . There was a guard sitting right outside the room . [ Keys clatter ] we didn 't find her . The fourth girl , she was here . Hey , Scully . Scully , are you there ? Answer me . Scully ? Scully ! Scully ? - Father . - Come in , Dana . I understand you found the man responsible for the deaths of those girls . I 'm sure the Kernofs will be relieved . I 'm not sure if they should be , Father . - Why not ? - I 've seen things . Things that have made me question if there aren 't ... Larger forces at work here . What have you seen ? Visions ... of my daughter Emily , for one . I think that 's understandable . I 'm sure you identified with the loss . I considered that , um- - But then I saw something last night , which I- - Which I can 't explain . I saw a man in dark clothes , But he had four faces . They weren 't human . Is this what you saw ? It 's a seraphim . An angel ... with four faces . Those of a man , a lion , an eagle and a bull . In the story , the angel descends from heaven ... And fathers four children with a mortal woman . Their offspring are the nephilim- - The fallen ones . They have the souls of angels , but they weren 't meant to be . They 're deformed , tormented . So the lord sends the seraphim to earth ... To bring back the souls of the nephilim ... To keep the devil from claiming them as his own . How did he bring back their souls ? They were smote with the brightness of his countenance . To look upon the seraphim in all his glory ... Is to give up one 's soul to heaven . You think that 's what I saw ? No . I think what you saw is a figment of your imagination . A half-Remembered story from your childhood that surfaced because of this case . But I saw it , Father . Dana , the nephilim is a story . The text in which it appears isn 't even recognized by the church . Father , do you believe that God has his reasons ? Yes , I 'm certain of it . It 's how he rewards our faith . [ Starkey ] Agent Scully ? I can 't believe I found you . What is it ? Agent Mulder 's been trying to reach you . He 's been down at the station house . Trying to reach me for what ? The fourth girl . She 's at Father Gregory 's church . Come on . I 'll drive you . - There 's no one here . - They must be on their way . You don 't see her in there ? She 's here . I know it . [ Thump ] Agent Scully ? Did you find her ? Agent Scully ! My name is Dana . I 'm going to get you out of there , okay ? I 'm not gonna hurt you . I 'm gonna take you someplace safe . Where are you going ? Where are you taking her ? Everything 's going to be fine . Bring her here ! Bring me the girl ! It 's okay , it 's all right . Stay here . It 's okay . Stay here . Just stay here . It 's gonna be okay . Bring her out to me . Mommy , let me go . - Mommy , please let me go . - Emily . Agent Scully , get her out of there ! [ Emily ] mommy , please . [ Scully ] Emily ! Emily ! Oh , God . Ohh . [ Priest ] you believed you were releasing her soul to heaven . I felt sure of it . But you still can 't reconcile this belief with the physical fact of her death ? No . I thought I could , Father , but I can 't . Do you believe there is a life after this one ? Yes . Are you sure ? Has it occurred to you that maybe this , too , Is part of what you were meant to understand ? You mean accepting my loss ? Can you accept it ? Maybe that 's what faith is . [ Child ] I made this !
