 [ Woman ] hello ? Merry Christmas . Hello . Hi ! Oh , my god ! Look at you ! Can you believe this ? How am I gonna put my arms around you ? It 's not gonna be long now . You 're huge . I know . Hi . Hi . Welcome . Welcome . Hi , sweetie . Let 's get you two settled . Sorry about the digs , mom . I know you hoped you 'd never spend another night in base housing . Are you kidding ? This is wonderful . It 's the exact same layout as our old house . That 's the navy for you . Bill tells me , mom , that you 're staying in your old room ... And the nursery is going to be in Dana and Melissa 's room . That 's right . I got it . [ Bill ] thanks , Tara . Mom ... You okay ? Oh , yeah . Just thinking about your dad ... And Melissa and how much I miss them . [ Phone rings ] Bill ? [ Ringing continues ] Scully residence . [ Woman ] Dana ? Yes . Who is this ? Dana , she needs your help . She needs you , Dana . Go to her . Who is this ? [ Line disconnects ] [ Man ] F.B.I. , san Diego . This is special agent Dana Scully . My badge number is 2-3-1-7-6-1-6 . Can you transfer me to your sound agent , please ? I 'd like to trace the last number that was dialed into this phone . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Who are you ? Scully , F.B.I. Could you tell me what 's going on here ? Well , no offense , Scully , F.B.I. What 's it to you ? I received a phone call from this address . It was a woman 's voice . She said that somebody needed help . When was this ? About 20 minutes ago . I 've been here 30 minutes . I guarantee no one 's called you or anyone else . The phone 's off the hook . Please , can you tell me what happened here ? This is Mrs. Roberta Sim , age 40 . Suicide . She 's been dead at least three hours . You got a call from her ? She must have dialed 1-800-The great beyond . [ Chattering ] Dana , what 's going on ? They 're joking about you getting a call from a dead woman . I thought it was a dead woman , just not the one in there . What are you talking about ? I know it 's not possible , but it sounded just like her . Who ? Our sister . Melissa . I don 't know what to tell you . Pac bell does confirm there was an incoming call ... From this address to your brother 's house . But from this end , they show no outgoing call . Plus , they confirm the phone here has been off the hook for the last three hours . What was their explanation ? Records mix-Up , software collisions . It 's just some kind of mistake . Anyway , I gotta wrap things up , talk to the husband . Listen , weird phone calls aside , this is looking pretty straightforward . A lot of people check themselves out around Christmastime . [ Chattering ] Excuse me . [ Picks up receiver , dialing phone ] [ Line ringing ] [ Phone ringing ] Hello ? Hello ? Hello ? [ Hangs up receiver ] - Excuse me . - Everything okay ? Yeah . Oh ! Oh , that was a good one . Is he kicking ? Yeah , he was kicking . He 's kickboxing . You had boys and girls , so which one kicked more ? Oh , I had some pretty tough little girls . I can 't believe I 'm about to say this ... As big and fat as I am right now , but I can 't wait to have more . This is our baby , our son . It kind of gives everything new meaning . I can 't help but think that life before now was somehow ... less , Just a prelude . What 's the matter ? Nothing . Mom , I 've very happy for bill and Tara . You don 't seem to be . Mom- - Several months ago , I learned that , as a result of my abduction , Of what they did to me , That I cannot conceive a child . I 'm so sorry . It 's okay . I just never realized how much I wanted it until I couldn 't have it . Dana , where is it ? Where is that rabbit ? I 'm not telling ! I 'm gonna find that rabbit and cook it ! I 'm gonna turn it into stew ! No , you 're not ! Rabbit stew , here I go ! You 're not gonna find him ! Bill ! [ Phone ringing ] [ Ringing continues ] Scully . [ Woman ] she needs your help . Who is this ? Why are you doing this ? Go to her . [ Line disconnects ] [ Doorbell rings ] Mr. Sim , my name is Dana Scully . I 'm very sorry for your loss , and I 'm sorry to disturb you at this hour . What do you want ? I received a phone call less than an hour ago . I was addressed by name , and told that I needed to help someone , a woman . I traced the call , and it came from your house . I have no earthly idea what you 're talking about . This is the second time today this has happened . I 'd like to get to the bottom of it . You were here earlier . Yes , the detective told me ... yes . Something about a screw up with the phones . I 'm in a meeting . No one 's called you from here , Not earlier today , and certainly not tonight . You can 't imagine how bad a day this has been for my daughter and myself . I understand- - If you understand , then you 'll stop coming around , Upsetting me with this ... nonsense . Please . Scully , F.B.I. What can I do for you at this ungodly hour ? I 'd like to see everything you have on the Roberta Sim case . The Roberta Sim case ? There is no Roberta Sim case . It 's a simple suicide . We went through this before , you and I , didn 't we ? Whatever you wish to call it , I 'd appreciate seeing everything you have . In the spirit of the season ? So , what are you looking for ? Can you even tell me ? It says here your precinct visited the Sims before , two weeks ago . A domestic disturbance call ? We sent a unit because the neighbors were complaining . They were screaming at each other . Wasn 't a happy household . Happy people don 't kill themselves . - They ran a tox screen ? - Yeah , it 's just procedure . It says they turned up high levels of Doritriptan . Some kind of new migraine medicine . Apparently , you take enough of it , you 're wearing a cloud for a hat . I figure she anesthetized herself and then- - Found a bunch of empty sample packets in the bathroom trash , A couple more in her purse . I 'd like to borrow this . [ Typing ] She was adopted . Danny , hi . It 's me , Dana . Yeah , merry Christmas to you too . I 'm wondering if you can do me a favor . Um , I need the complete case files ... On my sister , Melissa Scully . Yeah , crime scene and autopsy , Along with the P.C.R.S that we ran . Right , but I need you to send them to the san Diego field office ... As soon as possible . Okay . Thanks , Danny . - Dana ? - What ? Is this where you stayed the night ? Yeah . Some of it . It 's a vacation . What are you working on that 's so important ? Uh ... some unfinished business . So , you up for joining us this morning ? I 've got a little work to do . Can I join you guys later ? How are you gonna get around ? I 'll rent a car . All right . Lunch . We 'll hold you to that . Agent Scully . It 's been , what , four hours ? I was getting worried . I 'd like to order an autopsy on Roberta Sim . There 's a possibility she was murdered . What , you got another phone call ? I think it may have been the husband . Where did you get that idea ? You want coffee ? No , thanks . He 's got an ironclad alibi . Mr. Sim was at the doctor 's office with his daughter . He was there all morning . I checked . I took another look at the police photos this morning . There were no hesitation cuts on Roberta Sim 's wrists . Suicide victims seldom make the fatal cut on the first try . Seldom , but not always . Is that all you got ? No . Why was the phone off the hook when you got to the Sims ' house ? The wife took it off . I 'm guessing she didn 't want to be interrupted . Your incident report says the husband called the police ... - After he discovered his wife dead . - Yeah . But if the phone was off the hook when you arrived , how did he call you ? Did he find the phone off the hook , call you ... And then have the presence of mind to return it to the way he found it ? - Does that make sense to you ? - What are you suggesting ? I 'm suggesting that there are questions which beg further investigation . Order an autopsy . The stomach contents appear to include coffee , Whole wheat toast and cantaloupe . No medicine tablets . Empty sample packets of Doritriptan succinate were found , But I see no evidence that there were any pills ingested . Well , obviously there were . Doritriptan showed up on the tox screen . Then why didn 't it show up in her stomach ? It was absorbed into the bloodstream . I don 't believe the absorption would be that complete , not that close to her death . Then how did the Doritriptan get in her system , ms . Scully ? - A needle puncture ? - On the heel of her right foot . Extremely tiny and easy to miss . It was meant to be overlooked . I believe that this woman was injected , Anesthetized so she wouldn 't fight back , then her suicide was staged . - What do you think ? - It 's a possibility . Then again , it 's possible this woman simply stepped on a tack , And the rest is blue - Sky conjecture . I 'd say it justifies opening a murder investigation . This is your doing , isn 't it ? You didn 't have the decency ... To leave me and my daughter alone . Mr. Sim , please . Now you 're gonna want to calm down and let us do our business , okay ? Where is your daughter right now ? Why ? She 's at a friend 's house . Thank god , she 's not here to see this . Detective , this was in the trash out back . You got an explanation for this ? Yes . My daughter has a severe form of anemia . She requires daily injections . We 'll check that out . I want you to analyze this , get a P.C.R. On the blood . We need to identify whose it is . Okay . Dana , are you all right ? It 's 2 : 00 in the morning . Where have you been all day ? We were expecting you for lunch . Mom ... sit down . The woman who committed suicide has an adopted daughter . A three-Year-Old named Emily . I got a sample of Emily 's blood , And I had the lab run a test on her DNA . It 's called a P.C.R. Test . This is Emily 's . This ... is Melissa 's ... Which we ran during her murder investigation . They match . What does it mean , " they match " ? It means ... That this little girl , Emily , Is Melissa 's daughter . It 's not possible . You can 't deny that there 's a remarkable resemblance . Melissa was three years old when this picture was taken . She was practically a baby . All kids can look the same at that age . Mom , it 's uncanny . Emily looks exactly like Melissa . That 's why I ordered the P.C.R. Test ; Because her face may change , but her DNA can 't . And that test is accurate ? There is a 60 % chance that Melissa is Emily 's mother . I 'm going to order a more comprehensive test : an R.F.L.P. It 'll take a couple of days , then we 'll be sure . I am already sure your sister did not have a baby . She would have told me . Mom ... Remember about four years ago , Melissa took off ? She traveled up and down the west coast . We didn 't know where she was half the time . You 're saying she was pregnant , and she didn 't want us to know ? That was 1994 . Emily was born that November . She could have given her up for adoption and none of us would have ever known . Dana , listen to me . I know what you 're going through . Mom , this has nothing to do with anything I 'm going through . It has happened to me . When your father died , it was a long time before he left me . I saw him in my dreams . The phone would ring and , just for a moment , I was sure it was his voice . And you 're doing the same thing with Melissa . You 're seeing her in this child . But that does not make this child my granddaughter . We 're still connected to them , Dana , Even after they 're gone . Look at all the presents . [ Melissa ] Dana , quiet . They 'll hear us . This one 's for me . You wish . That 's for Billy , you dope . This has got to be it ! It 's gotta be " Hotel California . " Shh , you 'll wake everybody . - I wonder what this is ? - I don 't know , but I got one too . [ Mom ] you don 't have to shake it , Dana . You can open those now . Thanks , mom . Your grandmother gave me a cross just like that when I was about your age . It 's pretty . It means god is with you . He 'll watch over you wherever you go . [ Knocking ] Dana ? Hi . Sorry . There 's a detective here to see you . I 'll be right down . I know it 's early . Not a problem . Interesting tidbit on Mr. Sim . What ? Bank deposits , large ones- - $ 30,000 a pop . Three in the last 18 months . All the checks have been made out to his wife . The last one was deposited yesterday , après-Mort . Where 'd the checks come from ? A pharmaceutical firm in Chula vista . Dr. Calderon ? Yes ? I 'm agent Dana Scully with the F.B.I. , And this is detective Kresge with the san Diego police department . - What can I do for you ? - We 're investigating the death of Roberta Sim . - When did this happen ? - You knew Mrs. Sim ? Her daughter , Emily , is a patient here at our clinic . What were you treating her for ? She 's a subject in one of our clinical trials . We 're developing gene therapies for several blood disorders . Emily suffers from a rare type of autoimmune hemolytic anemia . She 's a very sick little girl . What 's her prognosis ? [ Calderon ] I really couldn 't say . These are ongoing double - Blind trials . It could be years before we have any results . You 've been paying the Sim family some compensation for this ? Emily 's a very special case . We were lucky to find her . - How did you find her ? - Her father brought her to our attention . Then why are the checks made out to her mother ? How shall I put this ? These payments are a gesture of goodwill towards Mrs. Sim . She wasn 't completely convinced that our experimental treatment was the way to go . She wanted to pull Emily from the program ? She filed the paperwork , but her husband later withdrew it . Dr. Calderon , did you ever prescribe ... Doritriptan injections to Emily during the course of her treatment ? No , I prescribed them for the husband ... When he mentioned he was suffering from migraines . [ Knocking ] Marshall Sim . You 're under arrest for the murder of Roberta Sim . What ? Where 's Emily ? Are you out of your mind ? You have the right to remain silent . I didn 't kill her ! If you refuse to remain silent , Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . [ Kresge continues ] We 'll get you right in there . Oh . We 'll just get you buckled in here nice and safe , okay ? You like that , huh ? I 'll see you soon , okay ? [ Car engine starts ] Every year , my husband insisted on putting the angel on top of the tree by himself . A man 's work . Yes . Dana , can you give me a hand in the kitchen ? Yeah . What 's up ? I need you to tell me what 's going on . What do you mean ? I 'm here , Dana . You 're a million miles away . I thought you came to see the family . I did . I thought this other thing was resolved . I thought you caught the guy that murdered that woman . We did . Then it 's about the girl , isn 't it ? Mom told me . [ Closes door ] You really think Melissa had a baby ? Yes , I do . She called you from beyond the grave to tell you that ? Sounds like something that partner of yours would say . It does not matter where that phone call came from . What matters is that there is a little girl who needs my help . This isn 't about any little girl , Dana . It 's about you . It 's about some emptiness , some void inside yourself that you 're trying to fill . I don 't expect you to understand , but I am not gonna justify my motives- - Dana ? There 's a telephone call for you . Hello ? [ Kresge ] Merry Christmas , agent Scully . Got a little present for you . Marshall Sim just confessed . He admitted to being at the house that morning ? I got a signed statement right here . What about the witnesses that placed him at the doctor 's office ? - I guess they were mistaken . - Maybe they weren 't . - Where is he now ? - County lockup . [ Scully 's voice ] they identified themselves ? They said they were his lawyers . How long were they here ? Ten , fifteen minutes tops . Damn it ! [ Door opens , closes ] - When did you get back ? - Just now . You 're just in time . I was on my way to the neighbors ' . Mom and Tara are already there . What happened ? Marshall Sim , Emily 's adopted father , is dead . They made it look like a suicide , just like his wife . Oh , my god . Do you know who did it ? No . Do you think it has something to do with that little girl ? I think it might . Dana , I have to show you something . Look at the date on the back . Does Melissa look pregnant to you in that picture ? It 's about four weeks before the girl was born . Bill , that doesn 't prove anything . Melissa didn 't have to get pregnant to have a baby . There 's in vitro fertilization . There 's surrogate motherhood . Dana , listen to yourself . You 're creating this whole scenario to fulfill a dream . - What dream ? - To have a child . Look , I understand . I know the need . God knows Tara and I tried for years . But making this girl into Melissa 's daughter is not the way . You 're only going to end up hurting yourself . [ Doorbell rings ] Hi . Hi . I 'm here to see Dana Scully . May I ask- - I 'm Susan Chambliss from the county . It 's about the adoption . Hi . Thanks for coming in on Christmas eve . Not at all . I don 't understand . I mean , I think I have a right to know why you 're rejecting my application . It 's not mine to accept or reject , Dana . We only make recommendations to the judge . But at this point , I 'd advise against you becoming an adoptive parent . You 're a single woman who 's never been married ... Or had a long-Term relationship . You 're in a high-Stress , time - Intensive and dangerous occupation . One that I sense you 're deeply committed to , And one which would overnight become the secondary priority ... To the care and well-Being of this child . I 'm not sure this is a sacrifice you 're prepared to make . Well , it 's one that I 've given a great deal of thought to . I mean , to be honest , I 've started to question my priorities since I was first diagnosed with cancer , And I feel like I 've been given a second chance . Ever since I was a child , I 've never allowed myself to get too close to people . I 've avoided emotional attachments . Perhaps I 've been so ... Afraid of death and dying ... That any connection just seemed like a bad thing . Something that wouldn 't last . But I don 't feel that anymore . I know you 're a trained physician , And are aware of Emily 's medical condition . I want to stress to you , Dana , Emily is a special - Needs child . According to her doctors , her condition is incurable . She requires constant care , both medical and emotional . The good news is you have firsthand experience of grave illness . The bad news is ... You 'd have to relive it through the eyes of a child . I realize that ... And I feel like I 'm ready . We 'll review your final application ... And make our recommendations . Okay . I wish you luck . Merry Christmas . Merry Christmas . I 'll show myself out . Dana ? Melissa ? I didn 't know anybody else was up . I couldn 't sleep . How come ? You worried about Quantico , Or who gets the most presents this year ? I guess I 'm afraid I 'm making a big mistake . I could tell dad sure thinks I am . Oh , well , it 's not his life , Dana . Yeah , I know that . But when I started med school , it felt so right . It just seemed like that 's where I was supposed to be . Then ... By the time I graduated , I just knew it was wrong . But now the F.B.I. Feels right , and what if that 's wrong too ? There is no right or wrong . Life is just a path . You follow your heart , and it 'll take you where you 're supposed to go . God , you sound like a greeting card . I don 't believe in fate . I think we have to choose our own path . Just don 't mistake the path with what 's really important in life . Which is what ? The people you 're gonna meet along the way . You don 't know who you 're gonna meet when you join the F.B.I. You don 't know how your life is gonna change , Or how you are gonna change the life of others . [ Tara ] hey ! Good morning . Hey , sleepyhead . Merry Christmas . Did Santa come ? Santa 's still here . She always had to be first up . Couldn 't wait to get to those presents . Merry Christmas . Enough pleasantries . I 'm dying to know what 's in this box . I 've been waiting for months ! Let me open it . [ Doorbell rings ] this one 's from Charles . From Charles ? Don 't open anything . I 'll be right back . Excuse me . [ Man ] F.B.I. Courier for agent Dana Scully , please . I 'm afraid I need agent Scully 's signature , sir . I need you to sign here , please . Merry Christmas . Merry Christmas . [ Mom ] what is it ? It 's the DNA tests on Emily Sim 's blood . What does it say ? It says definitively that Melissa is not Emily 's mother , But that they found striking genetic similarities between Emily and Melissa . So many that they ran a test ... Against another sample that they already had . - What sample ? - What are they trying to say ? According to this ... I am Emily 's mother . [ Child ] I made this !
