 [ Man ] looks like nobody 's home . Oh , he 's here . [ Heavy breathing ] He knows the minute he steps out , I 'm changin ' the locks on him . It 's an old guy , huh ? I don 't much enjoy evicting old folks . Well , this particular one will change your way of thinking . [ Knocking ] Mr. Skur , it 's the sheriff . Can you open up , please ? Go ahead and open it up . [ Keys jingling ] [ Sniffs , groans ] God almighty . What the hell 's he got in here ? Smells like a whole lot of somethin ' went bad . [ Insects buzzing ] Mr. Skur , I 'm armed . You 're gonna want to come out now . Bedroom 's back that way . Mr. Skur ! [ Gasps , pants ] - [ Retching ] - What is it ? Ain 't nothin ' but a glove . No reason to- - [ Gasping ] Oh , my God . [ Moaning ] Mul- - Mul- - [ Continues moaning ] Mul- - Mulder . [ Man and woman arguing , indistinct ] [ Baby crying ] [ Siren wailing ] [ Knocks ] [ Bolt unlocking ] Arthur Dales ? Who 's askin ' ? I 'm a profiler with the behavioral sciences unit . You are Arthur Dales , former special agent with the bureau ? I need to ask you some questions about a man named Edward Skur . You opened a file on him in 1952 . I don 't recall . I brought the case file here with me . How long you been in the bureau ? [ Chuckles ] Do you know what an X-File is ? It 's , uh- - Yeah , it 's an unsolved case . No , it 's a case that 's been designated " unsolved . " M-Mr . Dales , most of your report has been censored , As you can see . Now , if somebody 's trying to bury this case , I 'd like to know why . According to your report , Edward Skur disappeared 38 years ago , Before you had a chance to arrest him for a series of stranger killings ... In which the victims ' internal organs had all been removed . And now you 've found him ? Yes , last week , Shot to death by a sheriff serving an eviction notice . A man was also found in his bathroom with all his soft tissue removed . Well , if he 's dead , there 's nothing you need from me . Look , sir-Sir , m-My name is Mulder . You know that name , and so did Edward Skur . How ? Have you ever heard of huaac , agent Mulder- - The house un-American activities committee ? No , no , no . It was before your time . You wouldn 't know . They hunted communists in America in the ' 40s and ' 50s . They found ... Practically nothing . You think they would have found nothing ... Unless " nothing " ... Was what they wanted to find , hmm ? I 'm sorry , sir . I-I , uh- - I don 't- - I don 't see the connection . Maybe you 're not supposed to . [ Locks clicking ] [ Announcer on TV ] the nation 's chief red hunters , Senator Joseph McCarthy ... And F.B.I. Director , j . Edgar Hoover , join forces . Working through congress , the Senator from Wisconsin and the legendary lawman ... Vow to wipe out the red menace within our own federal government . Roy Cohn , chief counsel at the McCarthy hearings , Warns communist mind control can strike anywhere at any time . It is those Americans sympathetic to the communist cause- - The so-Called " fellow travelers " - - Who pose the greatest threat to our national security . So says the young U.S. Attorney , and he should know . It was Mr. Cohn that brought those atomic spies , the Rosenbergs , to justice . It was his staunch defense of the American way of life ... That first brought Roy Cohn to the attention of Senator McCarthy . With the support of the F.B.I. , Mr. Cohn and Mr. McCarthy vowed to work tirelessly ... To root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers of- - [ Video player whirring ] ... McCarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out ... The more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers ... Of fellow travelers working in our own State Department . [ Video player whirring ] ... spies and the untold numbers of fellow travelers working in our own state- - [ Video player stops ] Dad . [ Thunder rumbles ] [ Knocking ] good morning , Mr. Dales . I brought you some coffee . Speak . Edward Skur died saying a name- - My name , my father 's name . - Go ask your father . - My father and I don 't really speak . [ Scoffs ] I told you , I can 't help you . [ Lock clicking ] Mr. Dales , I want the truth , And I will subpoena you to get it if I have to . [ Clears throat ] Before his disappearance , Skur worked for the State Department , just like your old man did . You had to have suspected the connection before you came here yesterday , but you said nothing . The men that Edward Skur killed 38 years ago- - Was my father involved ? [ Sighs ] How ? Skur killed this man the way he did all the others . All the soft tissue , internal organs , ligature- - All were removed without tearing the skin . The coroner wasn 't able to determine how . Oh , I can tell you ... how . What I can 't tell you ... Is why . It said in your report that Skur was suspected of being a communist ? Well , that 's what they said he was . That 's what they said they all were . To us , Skur was just another name on a list ; Another communist spy at the State Department . We had no idea who or what Edward Skur really was . - [ Knocking ] - May I help you ? My name 's Arthur Dales , ma 'am . I 'm with the federal bureau of investigation . This is my partner , agent Michel . - Is your husband in ? - What do you want with him ? Supper 's gettin ' cold , sweetheart . I 'll take care of this . It 's all right . Edward Skur ? Yes . Hey ! You 're under arrest for contempt of congress , Failure to appear before the committee . I 'm a family man ! Should have thought of that ... Before you decided to betray your country , red . [ Woman ] Edward ? [ Handcuffs ratcheting ] Let 's go . - [ Sighs ] look what I found . - You planted that . I 'll plant one in your keister , Bolshevik , you don 't watch your mouth . - I 'm sorry . I- - - Get out . [ Chattering ] Jeez Louise , what 'd you do- - Take a swim in the Potomac ? I 'd probably be drier if I had . Got somethin to warm me up ? - Where 's your partner ? - He 's processing a prisoner . You guys still bustin ' reds ? [ Pouring liquid ] Till Mr. Hoover tells us different . Good for you , Mr. Dales . [ Phone rings ] [ Sighs ] yeah ? Mr. Dales , it 's for you . Yeah . [ Michel ] you try to reach me ? - No . Why ? - I thought maybe you heard about Skur . - What about him ? - He 's dead . He hung himself in his cell . Guards found him about 20 minutes ago . What do you figure- - Commie central command ... Tells these mopes to snuff themselves in the event of capture ? I gotta go . - Hmm . - [ Sighs ] Everything okay ? Oh , nothin ' a little bourbon won 't cure . [ Liquid pouring ] [ Dales ] I didn 't know what I should say to her . " I 'm sorry about your loss , Mrs. Skur . If there 's anything I can do- - " Ah , the words sounded hollow . No matter what I said , I was the man who 'd busted her husband , Turned her life upside down . I sat there for over an hour , trying to find my courage in a bottle . Then- - Then I saw ... Someone I shouldn 't- - I-I couldn 't have seen . Now it was my life that 'd be turned upside down . Edward Skur ! Hey , who 's down there ? [ News announcer ] dateline , Washington . The justice department ... Vows no mercy for a - Bomb spies . Julius and Ethel Rosenberg ... [ phone ringing ] Once again managed to delay their date with the electric chair . Prosecutors say they are confident judge Kaufman 's death sentence ... Will be upheld by the highest court in the land . [ Dales ] the world still seemed clear to me that morning , Despite what I had seen the night before . I still thought I knew who the bad guys and the good guys were . But that was all about to change . Hang up . Let me call you back . What did the watch commander say ? They 're still goin ' door-To-Door in the neighborhood . There 's no sign of him yet . They 're not gonna find him , Artie . Open it up . That 's Skur . Maybe you want to change your description of the suspect who assaulted you . - When were these taken ? - Last night , Two hours before you say Skur attacked you . You had a few . You were feeling bad about what happened . It 's understandable . No , I- - I didn 't have that much to drink . Just leave Skur 's name out of your report , and nobody else has to know . [ Phone ringing ] I already filed my report ... An hour ago . [ Man ] Dales . Call for you . Yes ? I 'll be right there . It 's the justice department . They want to talk to me . Good . Agent Dales , have a seat . You know who I am ? You prosecuted the Rosenbergs . Now you 're working with Mr. Hoover and Senator McCarthy . Then , you know how important my work is , How vital it is to the future of this country that these rats , These ... vermin who dare call themselves Americans , Be exposed as the traitors they are . I don 't interest myself in politics , Mr. Cohn . Everything is political , agent Dales . Like this report you filed this morning . We 've spoken to Mrs. Skur and the neighbors . You seem to be the only person who can identify that man as Edward Skur . Do you believe me then ? We are fighting a powerful enemy ... In a war of ideology . In any war , there are secrets- - Truths that must be kept from the public ... In order to serve the greater good . You want me ... to amend my report ? Take out any reference to Edward Skur ? I don 't under- - You 're not supposed to understand . You 're supposed to follow orders . [ Woman ] agent Dales ? Yeah ? I pulled that file . Oh , right . Thank you . Dales . [ Dales ] I 'd never so much as faked an expense report or used a bureau car to drive home , So lying didn 't sit well with me , even if I was under orders . I wanted to leave behind the business of Edward Skur and never hear that name again , But it was too late . By then , Skur had already become a murderer . Homicide call came in from Chevy Chase P.D.- - Advise and assist . Well , where are they ? Must have come and gone . ? [ Faint ] ? [ Woman singing in German ] ? [ Stops ] I know this song . They were playin ' it the day my unit rolled in to Berlin . - The guy must be a kraut . - Yeah . A well-Connected kraut . Hmm . There ya go . I got six ounces of German shrapnel in my can , And this kraut gets to shake hands with the president ? What 's that ? You smell that ? Yeah , kinda . Hospital smell . [ Sniffs ] Formaldehyde , maybe ? Well-Connected dead kraut . What the hell happened to him ? Hands in the air ! Over there ! Over there ! Come on , now ! Fellas , F.B.I. F.B.I. Credentials in my front coat pocket . Hey , easy on the material . I 'm agent Michel . This is my partner , agent Dales . Who called you guys out here ? You did , you mope . We got the call from your department . [ Cop # 2 ] we don 't know nothin ' about that . - Then who brought you guys out here ? - One of his nurses called in , Said the doc didn 't show up for surgery this morning . [ Michel ] well , somethin tells me he ain 't gonna make it . [ Dales ] I was summoned to the bar by a man ... Who 'd already been to the doctor 's house that morning . It was the man , agent Mulder , You came here to ask me about . Skur ? No , But I came here to warn you about him . Like you warned that doctor you murdered in Chevy Chase ? Look , I tried to save that man , but I was too late . Skur killed him ? He 'll kill you too . [ Car horn honking ] Myrtle ! [ Cat meows ] [ Purring ] What are you talking about ? Is this some communist plot ? Skur 's not a communist . He 's a patriot . All of these men are patriots . What are you talkin ' about ? What men ? There were three men- - Veterans- - Working at the State Department- - Skur , Gissing and Oberman . Gissing and Oberman- - I read those names on a censored report . And they 're dead now . Murdered ? No . Dead by their own hand . They couldn 't live with what they 'd become ; What they 'd been turned into . And Skur 's the last . Why did they put out that story about him hangin ' himself ? Because they had to do something to cover up what they 'd done to him- - Label him a communist , say he killed himself ... And put him up someplace where no one 's even gonna look for him . But his escape threatens everything . Threatens what ? What did they do to him ? Look , you asked me here . And I risked my career ... And my family by coming here . But the crimes these men have committed ... Against innocent people- - I can 't have that on my conscience anymore . Someone needs to know the truth . Who are you ? My name 's Mulder . I work at the State Department . [ TV hums ] [ Interviewer ] you have no committee- - No partisan in it ? You might say this . If the republicans should take over the senate , I happen to be the ranking member- - Attaboy , tail gunner . [ Continues , indistinct ] give ' em hell . [ Cat snarls ] Aw , myrtle . Jeez Louise . Hmm . Dumb cat . [ Sighs ] damn it ! Damn it , myrtle ! All right then , Mr. Mulder . Who is this " they " you want me to arrest ? - You can 't arrest these men . - Why not ? It 's ... political . What are you telling me ? Are you telling me that Mr. Cohn ... And Senator McCarthy are involved in this ? Is Skur after them too ? Skur wants vengeance for what they did to him . He 's a killer now . He can only guess at the dimensions of this conspiracy , But he thinks you 're part of it- - You and your partner . Phone . What 's the number ? Klondike 5-0133 . [ McCarthy on TV , indistinct ] I knew I should have got a dog . [ Line ringing ] Ah , come on . [ Line continues ringing ] come on . [ McCarthy on TV ] we 've got to dig and root out ... The communists , the crooks and those who are bad for America . [ Grunts , yells ] [ Yelling ] [ Gagging ] [ Man ] one more here when you get a chance . You , uh , you sure a man did this ? Uh , I suppose , um , He could have force-Fed him a corrosive agent of some kind- - An acid , maybe . Except I don 't know why it wouldn 't have burned to the skin . That account for the smell ? Yeah , maybe . We won 't know for sure until we get a toxology report . Hopefully , we 'll have an answer for you in six to eight weeks . Meanwhile , we can at least start on a physical exam of the body , Such as it is . Agent Dales . Hey , hey . Where do you think you 're taking that ? This man 's a veteran . The body goes to Bethesda . Howard , take care of this . Mr. Cohn , these men are going to the county morgue . An autopsy needs to be performed . Come here . - Give us a minute . - Let 's go . You wanna test me , See how fast I can pull the chain and flush you . You wanna see your name on a list ? Are you now , or have you ever been- - What the hell are you talkin about ? I 'm no communist . You are if I say you are . This is a matter of national security . Take this body outta here . Get it out . [ Speaking , indistinct ] See ? You 're a patriot again . [ Dale ] when your partner dies , a piece of you dies with him . I 'd been threatened by Mr. Cohn , but I couldn 't leave it alone- - Not while Michel 's killer was still out there- - Not if I wanted to live with myself . I knew Skur had killed Michel out of vengeance for what had been done to him . Your father had told me as much . But your father also said there were two other men who had had the same thing done to them- - Men who were already dead . Finding out what happened to them at least might help me understand what Skur had become , Understand how my partner was killed . - What is this ? - The deposition that names Edward Skur ... And these other two men as communists . It 's all censored . By the committee , To protect the identity of the witness . There was no witness . This whole thing 's been manufactured . Edward Skur is no communist . Neither are these other two men , Gissing and Oberman . I wanna see their files- - Gissing and Oberman . I already checked . They 're missing , but I recognize one of these names . - It 's in an X-File . - An " X - File " ? Yes , unsolved cases . I file them under " x . " Why don 't you file them under " u " for " unsolved " ? That 's what I did until I ran out of room . Plenty of room in the x 's . Who decides when a case gets an " x " ? The Director 's office . It 's , uh- - It 's kind of a dead end . No one 's supposed to see them , but it makes for interesting reading . Here it is . A German émigré , dr . Strohman , patriated here after the war . He was found dead in his office last week at the V.A. Let me guess . They weren 't able to explain how his body just kinda collapsed . Right ? Yes . Gissing- - His name 's in this file somewhere ? Yes . He was a patient , found dead on the scene- - Suicide . I guess he didn 't much care for his treatment . They think he killed his doctor and then killed himself ? How did Gissing kill this man ? That 's why it 's an X-File . They don 't know . Dr. Gissing 's body 's still here . The V.A. ' S been trying to have it transferred . Why haven 't they ? This fellow 's a bigwig in the State Department . His family 's been kicking up a stink . - What is this ? - Uh , looks like he had some surgery . Judging by the color of the scar , I 'd say it was fairly recent . I want you to cut this man open . No , I-I can 't do that . His family will have my head . Gissing and a man named Skur were patients of the same doctors . I think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner . It may be the only way we have to explain how he died . What 's that ? What is that ? I don 't know . It looks like it 's lodged into his esophagus . Wait a minute . Those are sutures . Whatever this is , someone put it there . - Oh , jeez . - Whoa ! Oh , my God . Mrs. Skur , I hope I 'm not disturbing you . You have a lot of nerve coming here . Your husband- - You know he 's not dead . How dare you . Your husband was discredited in order to cover up a crime- - A crime that was committed upon him , against his will . Whatever was done to my husband , you 're a part of it . According to V.A. Records , your husband underwent surgery for war injuries . So did two other men he worked with at the State Department . But the surgeries that they received- - It wasn 't what they thought it was . It had nothing to do with their war injuries . - Then what was it ? - It 's called xenotransplantation . It 's , uh , the grafting of another species into the human body . It 's a procedure that Nazi doctors experimented with during the war , And I believe that they continued their work here , Using your husband and these other two men as unwitting test subjects . I want to expose what was done to your husband , Mrs. Skur . I can 't do that unless I have his help . Get in . Just get in . [ Dog barking ] Ed ? Oh , God . Are you all right ? - I told you not to come down here . - That F.B.I. Agent came back . [ Panting , gagging ] I 'm getting worse . He says he wants to help you . It 's too late to help me . - No . - I can 't help myself anymore . [ Gagging ] [ Mrs. Skur screaming ] You sit there . Leave us alone . - Mr. Director- - - Leave us . [ Door opens , closes ] In 1945 , at the time of the first conference ... To map out the peace after the second world war , There lived within the soviet orbit 180 million people . Lined up on the antitotalitarian side at that time ... Were 1,625,000,000 people . Today , Mr. Dales , just seven years later , There are 800 million people ... Under the absolute domination of soviet Russia- - An increase of over 400 % . On our side , The figure has shrunk to around 500 million . In other words , In less than seven years ... The odds have changed from nine - To-One in our favor ... To eight-To-Five against us . The threat of global communist domination ... Is a reality that can be ignored ... Only at the risk of our own annihilation . The men we arrested weren 't communists . If we are to defeat the enemy , we must use their tools . We must go further ! We must do those things which even our enemies would be ashamed to do . It is only through strength ... That we can make our enemies fear us ... And thereby ensure our own survival . You have one chance , Mr. Dales , to save yourself , To demonstrate that you have the strength ... To serve your country . Make your meeting with Skur . Let him think you 're alone . Put him at ease . We 'll be in when the time is right . Was this why you came to see me , Mr. Mulder- - Make me your stalking-Horse ? I follow my orders . - I might need that . - We want him alive . There ya go . I turned the lights off out front . Just pull the door shut when you go . Okay . Thanks for your help . Anything to help out the bureau . Did you come here to kill me , or to save me ? I 'm here to help you , just like I told your wife . My wife is dead . I 'm dead too , inside , Because of this thing they put in me . For what- - To turn me into some kind of killing machine , Or just to see what would happen ? They 're not coming , you know . They wanted me to kill you , or you wouldn 't be here . You 're part of their test now too . I don 't want to kill you . I know . Mulder . [ Sounds of struggle continue over speaker ] [ Grunting ] [ gagging ] [ Dale panting ] [ Struggle continues , ends ] I can 't believe my father threw in with these men . [ Sighs ] he let them dictate his conscience . Oh , don 't fool yourself . None of us are free to choose . I was ruined for my insubordination . You keep digging through the x-Files , And they 'll bury you too . Skur died saying my father 's name . Why ? I haven 't the faintest idea . There was , uh- - There 's one thing you didn 't explain . It was ... How Skur was able to get away ; how he was able to live in obscurity for the last 38 years . Thirty-Eight years ? My God . Well , I kept hearing things through the years , you know . People tell me things . I heard that he was dead , That he was kept in some secret lab while they finished up the experiment . [ Chuckling ] I even thought that maybe- - Maybe some poor , innocent bastard- - Somebody with a conscience- - Might have let him go . [ Mulder ] why would anyone do that ? Why let a killer go free ? [ Dales ] in the hope that by letting him live , The truth of the crimes that were committed ... Against him and the others ... Might someday be exposed . [ Child ] I made this !
