 Hurry up ! Uh , next time , maybe take a leak before we leave work . Okay , Dipwads ? Can you read sign language , Guy ? Is that your IQ or the number of Dipwads your mother had ? Not you , too , Sandy ? Sorry , man . You got to hold it till you get home . See you tomorrow , Sandy . Hey , Sandy , chop chop . Hey , Sandman ? Hey ... Hot Dog , come on . Carpe Diem . Using a process that restores moisture to the documents and by a reassembling of fragments I should be able to recover a large percentage of the case material that was destroyed in my office fire several months ago . And while this process will be tedious and ongoing what I 've already recovered will allow Agent Scully and I to begin work on the X-Files immediately . Agent Mulder ... Agent Mulder , I 'm reading here a very pie-in-the-sky report about global domination plans by vicious , long-clawed spacelings ? Is there going to be data to back this vague , omnibus account ? Yes . I see your renowned arrogance has been left quite intact . You 're asking us to accept this report of a spaceship buried under polar ice and your death-defying escape from it ? The ice had become superheated by the ship as it rose beneath us , causing the ice to collapse . This entire story is essentially unintelligible and , therefore , encourages unintelligible analysis . Well , I was hoping that you 'd look more closely at the reports of mine and Agent Scully 's medical conditions . These spacelings , Agent Mulder ... They weren 't something I saw in Men in Black ? I didn 't see Men in Black . Well , it 's a damn good movie . As much as this all may sound like science-fiction we can and will prove the validity of our report . And , so , the plot ... I-I 'm just trying to get this straight . The plot is for these spacelings to take over the planet aided by a group of men here on earth ? A shadow conspiracy within our own government . Who are growing corn in the middle of the desert which features pollen which was genetically altered to hold a virus which will be taken away by bees whose sting transmits the virus , causing the growth of an extraterrestrial biological entity inside the human host ? Which we will prove now that the X-Files have been reopened . Your presumption , Agent Mulder , is far greater than the case you make for that eventuality . I 'm not sure I understand . You 're here to justify your reassignment on the X-Files with little more than a rattletrap account of high adventure in the Antarctic . Not to mention some very questionable travel expenses . Let us remind you that the FBI is not a school for science or for the grinding of personal axes and , hopefully , you will be able to present us with some material evidence to support a continued investigation . Agent Scully was assigned to the X-Files as a scientist . Was stung by one of these bees and was infected with this virus . She is here today with hard and incontrovertible evidence ... Scientific proof that the virus she was infected with is , in fact , extraterrestrial . Next time , I 'll wear a clown suit and do balloon tricks . Mulder , I was hoping it wouldn 't come up . The only reason I was in there was because you assured me there was a scientific basis for what we saw . Mulder , let me remind you once again ... What I saw was very little . Look , Scully , that excuse is not going to work this time . You were there and you were infected with that virus . Mulder , yes there is a scientific basis for what happened to me . I was exposed to a virus but as it turns out , Mulder , that virus is not what you thought . Look , I can 't identify it , Mulder ... I have run three separate tests but I can tell you without a doubt that that virus ' DNA and proteins are very much of this world . I saw what that virus did . I saw it generate a new being ... An alien being inside a human body . It attacks and destroys human cells but that is all it does , Mulder . It creates nothing . Look , I don 't like telling you this . And I know that you don 't want to hear it ... Not that you can 't question me and what I saw but what you can 't question is the science . There was some sloppiness in Phoenix where they found the body . The local PD got involved . These were taken at the scene by a crime reporter . These were run in the press ? I trumped up a story about a crazy Indian on the loose . Never underestimate the public 's willingness to blame the Red Man for ... - ... anything they can 't explain . - How did this happen ? He was one of ours . He must 've accidentally injected himself while he was working on the virus . It took just 12 hours for the creature to gestate . This thing 's alive ? Yes . It 's killed a man . - It 's out there somewhere ? - As far as I know . God almighty , we can 't have this thing running loose . I 'm managing the situation . You can manage all you want . Someone 's got to find this thing . Someone has to kill it . The response must be equal to the threat . Can you dispose of this problem ? Yes . You 're wasting your time . You need evidence to justify our reassignment . I 've just got to bring it back from the ashes . Nothing you might restore is going to help you , Agent Mulder . It 's over and done . Your reassignment on the X-Files has been denied . How can it be denied ? We 're the only reason the X-Files were reopened in the first place . There 's no other reason to reopen them . - I 'm not arguing ... - Well , then , who is ? When will you accept that no amount of pressure or reason will bring to heel a conspiracy whose members walk these halls with absolute impunity ? Was there a vote ? Unanimous against . Excuse me . I 'm no help to you outside the majority , Agent Mulder . Inside or out , I don 't see that there 's a damn thing you can do for me . You can break their backs , Agent Mulder , with the proof about this virus . - Proof that what you say it does is true . - I don 't have that proof just yet . Maybe I can give it to you . There 's a file folder . It 's on the desk in your old office . Is that something for me ? Agent Mulder ? Yeah , if you 're doing my filing . Your filing ? What are you doing in my office , Agent Spender ? I think there 's been a miscommunication . I think someone failed to inform you . If you 're about to tell me that you were sent down here to work on the X-Files I think the failure is simple judgment . I don 't care what patronage got you this job . I put my life in here . I 'm not going to let some brown-nose just slide in and take it all away from me . I don 't believe in your work , in the paranormal mumbo jumbo . So , don 't presume I 'm the one taking your place . No ? Who is ? Fox . Diana , back on your feet . I guess that 's the only way you could stab me in the back . I need the patient bandaged and dressed . We 'll be taking a trip . You want him what ? I 'm sure I don 't need to repeat myself . Please get the boy ready . But doing that now could kill him . Let me put it to you simply : it 's him or it 's us . Mulder , I just want to remind you that by not informing local PD we are in technical violation of state laws prohibiting contamination of a crime scene . Why do I bother ? Scully , come here and take a look at this . Ever seen anything like this ? What are they ? According to the investigator 's notes in the file they 're from an attack by a Native American man on a scientist . - With what kind of weapon ? - It says in the file he used his bare hands . His bare hands ? Mulder , this is hardwood . This kind of gouging didn 't happen with anybody 's bare hands . Not without the use of some kind of an implement . What is that ? Somebody broke a nail . Is it animal ? It ain 't RuPaul . The body of the other victim was found here on the sofa his viscera torn from his torso . But the MEs report says that the times of death were hours apart which means that this victim was dead hours before the second attack . So the attacker never left . There wasn 't an attack . I think it was celebrating its birthday . The first victim must have gotten infected with the virus somehow . Right here on the sofa was where the creature was born . - Mulder ... - That would account for the violence done to the man 's torso . The virus producing an extraterrestrial biological entity that ripped away his chest as it birthed itself right here . Look . Mulder , given the scenario that you just described , the rate of gestation would have been less than a day . It would have been about 12 hours , in fact . Okay , forgive the scientific argument just for a moment but you 're saying this was done by something newborn ? That 's exactly what I 'm saying . It was here ... But it 's gone now . I should take a look . It 's not here . Why don 't you believe me when you 're so afraid of me ? I 'm not afraid of you . You think I can destroy you for what I know , because of what I am . You 're thinking you could 've destroyed me , too and if I don 't find this creature , you will . He 'll find it . I don 't see there 's any argument here . You admit yourself that the crime report is a lie . Mulder , that doesn 't mean that I can just accept your theory . What does it take ? For this thing to come up and bite you on the ass ? I saw these creatures . I saw them burst to life . You would 've seen them , too but you were infected with that virus . You were passed out over my shoulder . Mulder , I know what you did . I know what happened to me but without ignoring the science , I can 't ... Listen , Mulder ... You told me that my science kept you honest . That it made you question your assumptions . That by it , I 'd made you a whole person . If I change now ... It wouldn 't be right ... or honest . I 'm talking about extraterrestrial life alive on this planet in our lifetime . Forces that dwarf and precede all human history . I 'm sorry , Scully , but this time your science is wrong . Wake up , Homer . I was awake . I was just thinking . Yeah , that would be a first . You 're ten minutes late on your systems check . If there was a problem , we would have heard about it . Like Arizona 's going to go without air conditioning for ten minutes . Hey , Homer , got something here in the bleed cooling system . See that ? Five degrees off . - Might be ... - Might be in the core reactor . No , no , no . It 's got to be a monitoring glitch . Phone could start ringing any minute . You might want to check it out . All right . Authorized officers and personnel only . This is a closed area . What happened here ? - You 'll have to leave , Agent Mulder .. - We received a call that a man was killed here . A call from whom ? Assistant Director Skinner ? Let us through . You 're unauthorized to be here . You 've ignored your superiors and come here without cause or permission . I 'm going to get you censured for this and demand a review of AD Skinner 's actions . Diana , let us in here . I can 't . This facility has been sealed off by the NRC . A man was murdered . A workman was killed in an accident in a reactor where there was a systems failure . - Then why are you here ? - We were called because of a possible connection to two previous deaths . From a case file that was stolen from our office . There is a connection . Let 's get out of here , Mulder . I hope you know what you 're doing , Diana . I hope you know whose errand you 're running . I think I do . You weren 't getting anywhere , Mulder . It was only making it worse . It 's here , Scully , and they know it . How do they know ? Mulder , how do you know ? Give me the keys and get in the car . Oh , my God . Gibson . Sorry , sweetie . Gibson ? Gibson ? Gibson , sweetheart ? Oh , God . Frankenstein ? Really ? No . No , you 've been worked on by some good doctors . They did a fine job with your stitches . You think they were butchers . They were butchers . They should have changed your bandages , Gibson . You 've got some swelling and some infection and you 've got a fever . Why did they do this to you ? 'Cause I can read people 's minds . How did you get in our car ? When they weren 't looking , I snuck away . It 's easy when you know what they 're thinking . Why are you here ? They were using me ' cause I can communicate with it . Communicate with what ? You already know . You just don 't want to believe it . The kid could find this thing . Mulder , this kid belongs in a hospital . - We could get his fever down . - Mulder , you can 't just take him on some snipe hunt . He 's in no condition . He belongs in a bed under constant medical care . Listen to me . What I 'm saying is in your best interest , okay ? We have to take every precaution . We have to make every effort to ensure that nothing happens to this boy because whatever he is , whatever gives him the ability to do what he does , he 's your scientific evidence . It 's just like we said . He could be the key to everything in the X-Files . - We don 't have the X-Files . - No , but what if he could corroborate everything that you 're saying ? This boy could be our last , best chance . Agent Mulder . Fox , I 'm going to get out of the car . I 'm alone , all right ? Diana , what are you doing here ? I couldn 't say anything to you earlier . I was given this assignment , Fox , okay ? They offered it to me . I took the chance ... I 'm listening . ... to make sure someone served your interests . Someone who believes in the work . Hey , you and I found the X-Files together . Don 't forget that . - Who sent you ? - I 'm here on my own . Why ? - To convince me of your noble intentions ? - Listen to me . That thing is somewhere inside the Number Four reactor building . Now , we can let them find it and destroy it or go find it ourselves . You need proof , Fox . You 're so close . Why can 't you see that ? Mulder , what 's going on ? - You take Gibson . - Where are you going ? To find this thing . Agent Spender and I got a call . We were on a plane within an hour in constant contact . With who ? The nuclear regulatory people . NRC was first on the scene . They found the victim but by the time we got there it had been removed . We never saw the body . - Who removed it ? - I don 't know . Couldn 't get a straight answer . Then the NRC sealed off the Number Four reactor due to a problem with the heat transfer systems . I believe that was legitimate . Maybe that 's why it 's there . It wants heat . It needs heat . This thing gestated abnormally fast . What if heat activates it ? It could spur on the virus and the rapid development of the entity . But it 's still seeking heat . Why ? What if it 's still developing ? You 're not under the impression what we 're looking for makes sense in any conventional way ? No . You 're going to be fine , Gibson . You 're going to be okay . Let 's get a bed ready . You 're going to run more tests . - We 're going to get you well . - You say that , but you 're going to run more tests just like the other doctors . - We have to run some more tests , Gibson . - You want to make me well but you 're just thinking about yourself and what you can learn from me . You 're a very special boy , Gibson . You know that yourself . I 'm a very special lab rat . According to what little we could gather the victim 's body was found near here . It 's hot in here . We 're right above the core reactor . This is part of the heat transfer cooling system . - Looks organic . - Maybe somebody 's got the flu . What ? What is it ? There 's something in there . Yeah . Mulder , I found something . I found something you 're not going to believe . Ditto . We did blood tests on Gibson and , Mulder , there 's evidence of the virus in his system . The same virus you were exposed to ? - I 'm almost positive . - What does that mean , Scully ? I don 't know ... I don 't know , but I think we 're on to something . We 're on to something huge- - a link . - I 'll call that bet and raise you . - What ? Never mind . Just take care of Gibson . There was a little boy in that room and he 's gone . Does anybody know what happened to that little boy ? His name is Gibson Praise . He was just in that room . Does anybody know what the hell is going on ? ! Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Let 's just calm down . That little boy that I brought in is missing . He can 't be missing . He should still be in his bed . He 's not here ! - It 's here . - Where ? Somewhere . Open the door , you son of a bitch ! Open the door ! Open it ! Open it ! - Open the door , you ... - Fox ! I 'm going to go see if there 's some other way in . Open it ! Open the door ! I told you it was here . Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! There he is ! As I said and as I am forced to reiterate , Agent Mulder , the FBI is not here for vendettas or for the grinding of personal axes . Now , this holds not just for you but for everyone at the Bureau . You force us to put a point on this . To make some hard changes . You and Agent Scully will cease all material association with the X-Files . Refusal to do so will end in immediate dismissal . A probationary period will be set . You will now report to Assistant Director Kersh . You 're not supposed to come here . It 's what was agreed to . - It 's the deal you made . - I had to congratulate you . Commend how you handled things . How you handled Mulder . I did what I was asked . You did well , son . He 's on very thin ice now , you know ? Mulder will be back . As long as he lives , he won 't give up . Well , there 's solutions , of course . Simple but extreme solutions . I 've used these methods . They have their place . But not here . You 've killed men ? You can kill a man but you can 't kill what he stands for . Not unless you first break his spirit . That 's a beautiful thing to see . It would help if you 'd shut the door . It would make it harder for them to see that I 'm totally disregarding everything I was told . Everything We were told , Mulder . They can 't take away the X-Files , Scully . They tried . You know , Agent Fowley 's report to OPR painted the facts in an interesting way . I hope you haven 't been betrayed . Agent Fowley 's report was a means to an end . Trying to protect the work . Protect the X-Files . Mulder , Agent Fowley 's report states that the man you saw attacked was bludgeoned by an unknown subject . She makes no mention of a little boy who as it happens , is nowhere to be found . It would seem that her report protects everything but you . Agent Fowley took me to that plant at great risk to herself where I saw something that you refuse to believe in . Saw it again , Scully . And though it may not say it in her report , Diana saw it , too . And no matter what you think she 's certainly not going to go around saying that just because science can 't prove it isn 't true . I don 't doubt what you saw , Mulder . I don 't doubt you . I 'm willing to believe , but not in a lie and not in the opposite of what I can prove . It comes down to a matter of trust . I guess it always has . You asking me to make a choice ? I 'm asking you to trust my judgment . To trust me . I can 't accept that . Not if it refutes what I know to be true . Mulder , these are test results . DNA from the claw nail we found matching exactly the DNA from the virus you believe is extraterrestrial . That 's the connection . Which matches exactly DNA that was found in Gibson Praise . Wait a minute . I don 't understand . You 're saying that Gibson Praise is infected with the virus ? No . It 's a part of his DNA . In fact , it 's a part of all of our DNA . It 's called a genetic remnant . It 's inactive junk DNA . Except in Gibson it 's turned on . So if that were true , that would mean that Gibson is in some part extraterrestrial . It would mean that all of us are .
