 Regeneration phase completed . Deactivate the genotron . Shut down the bio-matrix . B 'Elanna ? B 'Elanna Torres . Wake up ! Captain 's log , stardate 48784.2 . We have surveyed the Avery System and are returning to retrieve Paris , Torres and Durst . They should have concluded inspection of the magnesite formations . Here we are , Mr Tuvok . One bowl of authentic Vulcan plomeek soup . I have told you this is an unnecessary indulgence . I will eat whatever the rest of the crew is eating . Everyone deserves a little taste of home every now and then . Very well , then . Thank you . I 'm having a marvellous time experimenting with native dishes . I 've learned to make corn salad for Mr Chakotay and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for Mr Paris . He calls it " comfort food " . Isn 't that charming ? Don 't wait . It 's no good cold . Well ? - It is rather ... piquant . - It is zesty , isn 't it ? I tried following the recipe in the databank but it 's so bland , so I took the liberty of spicing it up a bit . Call it " plomeek soup à la Neelix " . If you take the liberty of changing a time-honoured recipe , you are not presenting a taste of home . Senior officers , please report to the bridge . - But your soup ! - Please , enjoy it . There 's no place like home . The away team has failed to respond to our hails . - Lock onto their com-signals . - There 's no sign of them . I can 't even locate them underground . The dense magnesite formations in the planet 's crust are blocking our sensors . This is the cave system nearest the beam-in coordinates two days ago , and this is the same system now . This tunnel has shifted west by 75 degrees . Walls of solid rock have changed shape in two days ? Yes , but our initial scans didn 't indicate so much tectonic activity . Torres and the others may have been trapped by these geologic shifts . I 'd like to investigate . - What will stop us losing you ? - Breadcrumbs . - Ensign ? - I 'm sorry , Captain . I can modify some transponders to use along the Commander 's path like ... - Breadcrumbs . - Placed at regular intervals , they 'll link with the ship and serve as a transporter relay in case we need to stage an emergency beam-out . Very well . I want a transporter lock on you at all times . Aye , Captain . Tuvok , Kim , you 're with me . I apologise for the restraints but your presence here is very important to us . - Do you understand ? - Who are you ? I am Sulan , chief surgeon of the Vidiian Sodality . I demand to know what is happening here . You 've surgically altered my face . I look like a Klingon . I 've performed no " surgery " as you understand it . I need to ask you several questions before we proceed . You can 't possibly believe I 'm going to cooperate with you . Perhaps I was in error to leave your consciousness intact . Durst . Paris . - What have you done with them ? - What is your age , Klingon ? If you want me to answer your question , you will have to answer one of mine . Very well . What exactly have you done to me ? I have reconstituted your genome . You are now purely Klingon . - That 's not possible ! - I assure you it is . I have developed a procedure to stimulate cell division . A kind of enhanced mitosis . Your Klingon genetic material was extracted . It was then converted from matter to energy by our genotron . Finally , you were rematerialised as the purified Klingon specimen that you are now . Why ? Why have you done this ? My people have been searching the quadrant for a species immune to our disease , in the hope of finding a cure . And you think Klingons are immune to this phage ? Your genetic structure has phage resistant nucleotide sequences . But I needed a pure specimen to be certain . My people do not know it yet , but you are their greatest hope . I will never help you . You are very strong . I can only hope that you will be truly resistant to the phage . And how will you know that ? I have infected you . They 're the ones with the guns , remember ? - We 've got to find a way out of here . - Agreed . But first I want to find out what they 've done with B 'Elanna . For now we have to keep track of the guards ' movements . How long are their shifts , when do they eat and sleep ? There aren 't many of them . They must think we have no fight left . We 'll find an opening , Pete . When the time is right , we 'll make our move . - Something funny , friend ? - You . - Really ? How 's that ? - Nobody escapes from this place . Vidiians can yank the beating heart out of you ... in a heartbeat . - Now , that 's funny ! - Hilarious . - You know this place pretty well ? - I 've been here six years . Then tell me something ... The Vidiians harvest organs . Why are we all still in one piece ? They 're weak . They need somebody to dig their tunnels . That 's us . Best way to keep alive is to stay strong . - Thanks for the advice . - They always need new body parts . They 'll gut you eventually . There were 23 of us from my ship . I 'm the only one left . When they grabbed us , there was a woman with us . B 'Elanna Torres . - What happened to her ? - She must be at organ processing . I 've deployed the transponders . The relay signal is clear . Good work . - Any sign of them ? - They definitely came this way . The question is , where did they go from here ? - Delightful spot to get lost . - Over here . - What is it ? - There are traces of five humanoids . Five ? There were only three in the away team . Evidently , they did not enter this cavern alone . Are you in pain ? It 's nothing . Remarkable . One of the symptoms of the early stages of the phage is excruciating joint pain . It 's extraordinary that you can endure it . Some have been known to die from the agony itself . It 's going to take more than an infection to kill me . It appears you are correct . Your body is successfully fighting off the phage . - I am overjoyed . - How delightful for you . Soon we will begin procedures to replicate your genetic code and attempt various methods of integrating your DNA with our own . In time , we 'll be successful , and eliminate the phage forever . When that time comes , you will be honoured as a hero by my people . I know I 'm the first Klingon you 've ever seen , so I 'll tell you that Klingons find honour as warriors on the battlefield , not as guinea pigs in a laboratory . Earlier you accused me of mutilating you . Now you sound positively proud to be Klingon . You have me to thank for that . - You 'll get no gratitude from me . - Perhaps you 'll feel different in time . But I don 't blame you for your obstinacy . I would be proud , too , with a form as handsome as yours . I believe Klingons are the most impressive species I have ever seen . Tom ? Tom , wake up . - B 'Elanna ? - Yeah . It 's me . B 'Elanna , what have they done to you ? I remember them grabbing us . And then I guess I just blacked out . Yeah , they stunned all of us . The next thing I knew , they were waking me up in some laboratory . I was so groggy I couldn 't see . I asked them what they had done to me and one of them said ... that they had completely extracted my Klingon DNA . That doesn 't seem possible . But you look human . I feel so weak and sick to my stomach . Considering what they 've done to you , I 'm not surprised . - So strange . - What ? When I was a child , I did everything I could to hide my forehead . Hats , scarves , you name it . I wore a cap to cover the haircuts my father used to make me get on the first day of every summer . I grew up in a colony on Kessik IV . My mother and I were the only Klingons there . Relations between Homeworld and the Federation weren 't too cordial . Nobody ever said anything , but ... we were different . I didn 't like that feeling . Then my father left . When I was five years old . One day he was there and the next he wasn 't . I cried myself to sleep every night for months . Of course , I never told anybody . And then I finally decided that he left because I looked like a Klingon . And so I tried to look human . Looks like you got what you wanted . According to our last scan , this cave should continue for eight kilometres . This is solid granite . If these caves were changing we 'd have felt it . True . But there has been no tectonic activity . This wall is merely an illusion , a disguised force field . Away team to Voyager . We 've run into some type of force field . We were reading an empty tunnel , then we walked into a solid wall . The energy configuration of the force field is like that used by the Vidiians . Mr Ayala , scan for any alien vessels in the sector . Commander , our phasers can disrupt that force field . I want to know what 's in there but don 't take any unnecessary risks . We 'll be standing by for an emergency beam-out . - It 's not working , Captain . - Try reconfiguring your phaser . - Commander ! - Three to beam up ! B 'Elanna ? - How are you feeling today ? - I feel strong . It 's very frustrating to be restrained like this . I sympathise . I don 't like being chained up like an animal . - I 'm sorry . I ... - I 've thought about what you said . It 's because of you that I am Klingon and I do like this feeling . In a strange way , I suppose I am grateful . Did you know that Klingon females are renowned in the Alpha Quadrant not only for their physical prowess but for their voracious sexual appetites as well ? Why not let your creation out of her harness ? Study her in action . I wish it were possible , B 'Elanna . But I 'm afraid I can 't risk releasing you just yet . - Forgive me . - For what ? Please . Don 't condescend . I may have a grotesque appearance , but I assure you my instincts are finely honed , and I do have feelings . Hard as it may be for you to imagine , my people were once handsome and vigorous like yours . And with your help , we will be again . Perhaps when that time comes , I will not disgust you quite so much as I do now . They 're taking us to work . Don 't let them see you 're sick . Maybe they 'll leave me behind . I could get my hands on that console . Or maybe they 'll take us straight to organ processing . - You . Come with me . - What for ? You asked to contact your ship . The Prefect wishes to discuss that . I 'm the senior officer . If you want to talk with one of us , it should be me . - He 's not going without me . - Tom , don 't ! They 'll kill you ! - Stop ! - It 's OK , Tom . They 're the ones with the guns , remember ? What is it ? Now the Vidiians know we 're here , we must be prepared for their reinforcements . Sensors don 't show any alien vessels near here . The technology that disguises their force fields may cloak their ships . The prisoners may be at greater risk now . Look at this . I 've scanned the entire planet for the force field signature . The field surrounds more than 600 kilometres . - Can we scan inside it ? - Everything I 've tried has failed . If it 's the same kind of force field as last time , why didn 't our phasers breach it ? It has been adapted to repulse phaser fire . If they can move in and out of there , so can we . Set up simulations . Find a way to get through that force field . B 'Elanna ? I have something I want to show you . Durst ! I thought this new face would make you more comfortable with me . - You 've killed him ! - Yes , B 'Elanna . But his organs will save a dozen lives . Scans have revealed miniscule openings which develop when the field matrix remodulates . How small are these micro-fissures ? Less than one micron and they close within seconds . Could we use a phaser to expand an opening as it 's forming ? We thought of that . But such an attempt would have to be at close range and may alert the Vidiians to our presence . But if we could narrow the energy beam tightly enough we could transport one of us through the micro-fissures . Timing the transport to the moment of an opening would be critical . But if we could get someone inside , we might find our people and deactivate the force field . And then we could beam everyone back to the ship . Precisely . But because we cannot scan beyond the force field , we 'll be unable to communicate with anyone inside it , or verify that the transport is complete . What 's to prevent whoever goes in from being captured by the Vidiians ? I have an idea about that , Captain . Dermal stimulator , please . Remarkable work , Doctor . If you think this is remarkable , you should see me remove a bunion . I have replicated Vidiian attire . It should prove sufficiently convincing . It 's a fine piece of work . Next time I need a tailor I 'll know where to look . Quickly , now . In there . Here , B 'Elanna . Sit down . Here . It 's water . Thanks . Rest while you can . The guard won 't be back right away . Keep it . Tom , I 've been thinking . When they did this thing to me , I think it changed more than just the way I look . What do you mean ? Back there , when they took Durst away , I was terrified . - No one could blame you for that . - You don 't understand . I 've been in worse situations but I 've never felt like that . Never . My heart was pounding and my hands were shaking . I didn 't even try to help you . I 'm no doctor , but whatever they did to you has depleted your strength . - There 's nothing you could have done . - That 's not it . I think that when they extracted my Klingon DNA , they turned me into some kind of ... a coward . Sometimes fear can be a good thing . Keeps you from taking unnecessary chances . Courage doesn 't mean you don 't have fear . It means you 've learned to overcome it . I know you can find the courage to hold on until we can find a way out of this place . - What 's going on here ? - She 's ill . She needed a rest . - Then I 'll take her back to the barracks . - It 's OK , Tom . Maybe from there I can make contact with the ship . The emitter array has been initialised . Good . Are you ready , Mr Chakotay ? There 's an opening forming in the force field . - Initiating autosequence . - Targeting scanners . - Scanners locked . - On my mark , Mr Kim . Energise . Well , now we 'll wait . Make a sound and I 'll break your neck . Understand ? I 'm looking for my friend . Tom Paris . A human male . They sent him to another tunnel . - Which one ? - Back that way . Another human was with him but they took her back to the barracks . A human female ? I need your help here . What are you doing ? Come with us . - Where are you taking me ? - For a shower and a hot meal . Wake up , pahtk . Eat . - What is it ? - Some rodent I killed . - No , thanks . - I 'm sorry I can 't replicate a soufflé . But you need nourishment . I can 't carry you all the way out . How are we supposed to escape this place ? There are guards everywhere . - We fight our way out . - I 'm not exactly in fighting form . That 's why you need food . Eat . So , you 're what 's leftover when all the Klingon DNA is taken out . Apparently . If I hadn 't come along , were you going to waste away until they killed you for your body parts ? - Were you too frightened to act ? - I was looking for a way to escape . Looking ? I 'll show you the way to escape . - This and this . - That 's how you respond to everything . If it doesn 't work , hit it . If it 's in your way , knock it down . No wonder I got kicked out of the Academy . For which you should be eternally grateful . Well , I 'm not . Your temper has got me into trouble more times than I ... Listen to me . Listen to us . This is ridiculous . - We 're each fighting with ourself . - I 'm not the one who 's fighting , pahtk . If I remember correctly , I 'm the one who rescued you from prison and carried you here . Don 't you think you could at least acknowledge that ? You won 't be able to get out of here without me . I don 't know that I can get out of here with you . - Brute force isn 't going to do it . - Maybe not . Maybe we 'll die trying . But that 's better than sitting here doing nothing . There you go again . Out of control . Leaping into action before you think . - Fine . You stay here . - That 's not what I meant . I 'm sorry . Please . Just before you rescued me , I logged on to the Vidiians ' computer system . I think I found a way to access the force field that 's cloaking this place . With more time I could have deactivated it . Then Voyager could get a lock on us and beam us back . Paris , too . It may not be as exciting as fighting our way out , but it stands a better chance of working . If I have your help . So ... you need me ? I can 't get back to that computer without you . And you 'll have to cover for me while I work . We can 't go to the prison barracks . There are too many guards . In the lab where they held me , there is a security console . That 's the last place they would expect us to be . They must have taken her to organ processing . Tell me how to get there . - Keep your hands off me ! - OK , Paris . But I thought you might like to get out of here . - Chakotay ? - Where are Torres and Durst ? I think they 've been taken to " organ processing " . You ! Why are you talking to that prisoner ? - I must take him to organ processing . - Why didn 't I know ? I was told you did . - I 've never seen you before . - My face was just grafted . Very well . Take him . But from now on I expect to be notified of all transfers . Yes , sir . There . I have to bypass the security code to access the force field grid . Then I 'll have a better idea of what we 're dealing with . That should do it . There . That 's what we 're up against . And I think we 're ... here . - Can you shut it down ? - I 'm trying . What now ? If they didn 't know we were here before , they do now . Take it easy . I 'll be done in a minute . You 're not frightened any more , are you ? I don 't have time to think about it . - Are you hurt ? - Keep working . - Stop . - You 're not going to hurt me . - You need me . - You 're right . But if you do not surrender , I will kill her . Drop it ! - Who are you ? - That 's what I want to know . It 's Chakotay . - I 've almost accessed the force field . - Hurry ! Got it ! There ! The force field has been disrupted . Can you get a lock on Commander Chakotay ? - Voyager , do you read ? - Loud and clear . I found them , Captain . Three humans and one Klingon to beam up . She 's badly wounded , Captain . - Beam her to sickbay . - Don 't . No time . You showed true courage . It makes my death an honourable one . Using your counterpart 's tissue I can replicate the Klingon DNA then reintegrate that genetic material into your cellular structure . You 're not saying you 're changing me back ? That 's precisely what I 'm saying . Your cells ' ability to synthesise proteins has been compromised . You need the Klingon genes to survive . - So she 's saving my life again . - I 'll get started on the DNA . - How are you doing ? - I 'm not sure . It 's been a pretty strange experience . I do know that right now , the way I am , I 'm more at peace with myself than I 've ever been . And that 's a good feeling . - But ? - I 'm incomplete . It doesn 't feel like me . I 've had someone else living inside me for too long to feel right without her . You two made quite a team down there . I know . I came to admire a lot of things about her . Her strength . Her bravery . I guess I just have to accept the fact that I 'll spend the rest of my life fighting with her .
