 Captain 's log , stardate 48734.2 . Sometimes it 's a good idea to get away from being a captain for a while . So I 'm participating in a new holonovel . The setting is ancient England . The drawing room is in here . Bridget , take Mrs Davenport 's cape and tell Lord Burleigh she 's here . - There 's tea . - That would be lovely . Thank you . Tea is usually served at 5 : 30 and dinner 's at 8 : 30 . His lordship doesn 't appreciate being kept waiting . I 'll be sure to be prompt . Let 's make something clear , Mrs Davenport . My job is to make sure that this household runs smoothly . I have been with Lord Burleigh for nearly 20 years because this household runs smoothly . He has come to trust me and I will not brook any behaviour that might jeopardise that trust . So you will be expected to follow the rules I have set down . Mrs Templeton , I have no wish to do anything to disrupt this household . But let me make something perfectly clear . I have been hired by Lord Burleigh . It 's his orders I will follow , not yours . You would be wise not to make an enemy of me . I can make sure we have another governess by next week . I suggest we try to get along , Mrs Templeton . Surely there 's room here for both of us . One lump or two ? Two , please . Lord Burleigh will be here directly . - Forgive me . I 've startled you . - I 'm sorry . I didn 't hear you come in . Mrs Davenport , I 'll come to the point . I am not an easy man to live with . Since my wife died , I 'm told I 'm even worse . - She was a buffer for me . - I understand . The children are the ones who 've suffered . I 've not been much of a father and I can 't be a mother . I 'm not asking you to be a mother , but they 'll respond to a woman 's sensibilities . - You might fill a void in their lives . - I 'll certainly try , your grace . Young Henry is sometimes stubborn and little Beatrice misses her mother . I hope they won 't make things difficult for you . One thing , above all , I must demand . Never , under any circumstances , go onto the fourth floor . Is that clear ? - Bridge to Captain Janeway . - Go ahead , Mr Kim . Commander Chakotay and Mr Tuvok 's shuttlecraft is on sensors , but they 're not responding to our hails . The shuttle 's been badly damaged . - Lifesigns ? - Two , but they 're very faint . Beam them to sickbay as soon as they 're in range . Aye , Captain . They 've taken a blast to the head by an energy discharge . Cardiostimulator . Mr Tuvok has concussion , but I can handle it . The bio-neural energy has been extracted from the Commander 's brain . Extracted ? Someone drained the energy from every axon right down to the synapses . I can keep him breathing , but there 's nothing else I can do . He 's braindead . The attack lasted seconds , but was effective . - We are fortunate to be alive . - What happened , Lieutenant ? We completed our trade mission and were on course to rendezvous when we encountered a dark-matter nebula . As we began a routine analysis , an unidentified ship attacked our shuttle . - Any idea why ? - They would not respond to our hails . We were hit by an energy discharge which penetrated our shields . Commander Chakotay lost consciousness immediately and I had barely activated the autopilot before I was overcome . And the alien ship ? The last image I saw was the ship flying back into the nebula , but the details are difficult to remember . Can you tell me about the energy discharge ? Its modulation or phase distribution ? There wasn 't time for analysis . However , the shuttle 's sensors may have recorded information . I will download the sensor logs . Why would someone want to extract his bio-neural energy ? I don 't know , but if I 'm to have any hope of reviving him , I must know how his neurons were depleted . It would be a great help if I could examine the weapon . We 're going back to find the ship that attacked you . Janeway to bridge . Prepare a new course . Mr Tuvok will provide the coordinates . We 'll keep you posted , Doctor . The energy discharge overloaded the computer . - All sensor data have been erased . - Torres is in sickbay . Tell her to go over those damaged sensor logs to see if she can reconstruct any of the data . This makes it more difficult . I 've been using long-range sensors to analyse the nebula . It 's sending out electromagnetic radiation . We won 't be able to scan inside it . You know , it sounds to me like a perfect hiding place . - I agree . - I don 't like the idea of going in blind . I 'll reconfigure the sensors to a multiphasic bandwidth . - Is there a problem ? - I 've lost all contact with the nebula . I don 't understand . Wait a minute . We 've altered course . Mr Paris ? Our new heading is 121 , mark 6 . We 've completely come about , Captain , but it wasn 't me . Check the navigational computer . Who ordered the course change ? According to this , the command was issued from the conn . It wasn 't me . The helm controls are working perfectly . No malfunctions . Transfer control to your station and reset our course . Course laid in . Mr Paris , I want you to run a full diagnostic on the conn station . - See if you can isolate the problem . - Aye , Captain . You might have asked before adorning my sickbay with animal remains . It 's a medicine wheel , a talisman used by Chakotay 's tribe . He once ... showed me how it works . If anything happened to him , I was to perform a healing ritual . The wheel represents both the universe outside and inside our minds . They believe each is a reflection of the other . When a person is sleeping , or on a vision quest , it 's said that his soul is walking the wheel . But if he 's in a coma or near death , it means that he 's gotten lost . These stones are signposts to help point the way back . Not exactly standard medical procedure , I know , but ... You 've placed the Coyote Stone at the crossroads of the fifth and sixth realms , which would divert the commander 's soul , his consciousness , into the Mountains of the Antelope Women , an extremely attractive locale . He might not want to leave . How do you know about this ? It 's my business to know treatments , including psycho-spiritual beliefs . Unfortunately , in this case , the medicine wheel won 't be much help . There 's just not enough of his mind left to work with . Find your way home , Commander . Hello ? Is someone here ? It 's like sensing some kind of presence , as if someone else were here . Your telepathic senses again . Is this like last week when you went into sickbay and you knew Lieutenant Hargrove had been there , only he 'd left hours before ? It 's not the same . That was like like hearing faint music from a faraway place . When I was in my quarters just now it was almost tangible . I felt like someone was in the room . - Who was it ? - I don 't know . A presence . That 's all I can say . Warp engines still within normal parameters . We just changed course again . Mr Kim ? - Our new heading is 121 mark 6 . - Get us back on course . The helm 's not responding . I 'm locked out . - The command station was blocked . - From where ? Lockout originated on Deck 12 , Section B7 , navigational control . See if you can re-establish control . I checked every ODN junction and I can 't find a problem . It seems we 've developed a new problem . - Helm control re-established . - Get us back to the nebula . Janeway to Torres . Who 's in the navigational control ? No one . I was there this morning and Lieutenant Paris was there a few minutes ago . - That 's not true . - Are you certain , B 'Elanna ? Positive . I saw him leave five minutes ago . Janeway out . Explanation , Mr Paris . I passed by on my way back from the Jefferies tube , but that 's all . Am I being accused of something ? We are following a line of deductive reasoning . Both deviations were issued from locations where you were working . I 'm telling you , I didn 't do it ! Well , I 'm willing to rule out mutiny for the time being . I believe you , but there is the possibility you are having memory problems . Go down to sickbay . Have the doctor check you out . - All right . - Lieutenant Durst . Neurotransmitters at normal . Synaptic functions stable . Hold still . This is an extremely sensitive scan . What I wouldn 't give to see good old Doc Brown . - What ? - Doc Brown . Lollipops in the waiting room , no holocomic books more than six months old , house calls . I caught a bad cold when I was nine years old . He whipped up a pot of garlic soup and brought it over . - Your report ? - I still have tests to perform , but other than his irritating lapses into nostalgia , I see nothing wrong . You 'll have to round up another suspect . On the contrary . I ran a forensic sweep of the navigational control . I found traces of your DNA on the console . That 's impossible . The cellular residue you left is less than 12 hours old . Do you still maintain your innocence ? I don 't know what to think . Perhaps my biomolecular scan will reveal something . Keep me informed , Doctor . I found the ion trail of the ship that attacked us . It leads into the dark matter nebula . This is the nebula and this is the ion trail . - Their flight path is erratic . - These planetoids inside the nebula , they may be generating a dangerous gravitational effect . The chances are they 're taking the only safe way through . I recommend we follow their exact flight path . Agreed . Lay in a course to the ... We 're dropping to impulse power . I 'm reading a massive energy drain . - And the warp core is shutting down . - Engineering , report . Lieutenant Torres , please respond . Mr Kim , take the bridge . Tuvok , you 're with me . - Torres , what 's going on ? - Captain ? You 've initiated an emergency warp core shutdown . Too late . It 'll take two hours to regenerate the dilithium matrix . Get the rest of the systems back on-line . Apparently , you 've crashed the main computer , locked out the bridge and stopped this ship cold . - Do you want to tell me why ? - I don 't know what you 're talking about . What the hell is going on here ? I found something and you 're not going to like it . This is Mr Paris 's memory engram for the last 24 hours . It has a very consistent and distinctive modulation , except at 13 : 50 hours . For 1 minute 47 seconds , a different memory pattern appeared . It is the exact moment he presumably tampered with navigational control . It gets worse . In addition to that , there is another disruption at 12 : 02 hours , the moment he allegedly entered the new course . I found an identical disruption in Lieutenant Torres 's pattern at the moment she shut down warp power . This is a neuroelectrical signature , what I believe is another brain wave superimposed on their own . - Another brain wave ? Whose ? - I don 't know . It has an unusual energy signature , one I 've never seen . Doctor , what are you saying ? One possible explanation and the only one I can think of at the moment is that an unknown alien entity momentarily took control of their minds . Intruder alert . Security personnel , go to Condition 4 . It is possible the intruder returned with us in the shuttlecraft . If we 're right and there is an alien here it seems intent on preventing us going back to the nebula . What 's more , it seems to have the ability to jump from person to person . If that 's true , it could be in any one of us , controlling our actions , without us realising . Well , except for me . That 's true . So far , it 's only affected organic beings . If it could control the computer directly , it probably would have done it already . Which means ... the doctor is the only person we can trust at this moment . Doctor , until we have eliminated this alien presence , I can 't take the risk that it could take over any of the senior officers . I 'd like to transfer all command codes to you until further notice . What would that mean ? That I am in command ? No , but you will act as a failsafe . If you feel at any time that any one of us are under the influence of the alien , you can countermand our orders and take control of the ship . Do you feel up to it ? Of course . I make life-and-death decisions every day . I feel better already . Computer , transfer all command codes to the Doctor . Authorisation , Janeway 841 alpha 65 . Command code transfer complete . Let 's get the warp core on-line ahead of schedule . Captain , I heard what 's happened . I think you 're right . There is an alien presence . I 've been sensing something . I can 't describe it , but something is here . - Do you know where ? - No , just that it 's on the ship . Kes 's telepathic abilities are undisciplined . If I could initiate a Vulcan mind-meld with her , I 'll help her focus those abilities to detect the alien . - I 'm willing to do that . - Very well . Proceed , Mr Tuvok . The captain wants to seal off critical areas . Secure the access hatch of Jefferies tube A-17 . What exactly are we securing against ? We 're not sure . We think it 's a noncorporeal alien . Noncorporeal ? That means it can move through ... Medical emergency . Deck 7 . Section 13 Alpha . Captain 's log , supplemental . Mr Tuvok and Kes were both hit by an unidentified energy discharge . Tuvok was not badly hurt , but Kes is in a coma . It was like the shuttlecraft attack . An energy discharge came through the bulkhead and hit us . We didn 't pick up a discharge on the sensors . Perhaps it is beyond our sensor bandwidth . Perhaps , but that discharge came from somewhere . The most thorough scanning device we have is a magneton scanner . We could search centimetre by centimetre , but that wouldn 't do much good . This alien could be anywhere . What if we could perform a magneton scan on the entire ship all at once ? - What do you suggest ? - A magneton flash scan . We could reconfigure every sensor array to emit a single burst . It might illuminate anomalous energy . Harry , what do you think ? - Whoa . What did I do ? - Stay where you are , Mr Kim . I see nothing unusual , but that doesn 't mean anything . Mr Kim , what were you doing just now ? I was just thinking . I was remembering an old study I saw about magneton scanners . I guess my mind started to wander a bit . I 'm very disturbed by what just happened . We have no idea what occurs when someone is occupied by this alien . If we point a finger when someone gets distracted , it won 't be long before paranoia sweeps the ship . Tuvok , B 'Elanna , I want you to get started on that magneton flash scan . It 's worth a try . Dismissed . And that 's not all . Ensign Parsons ordered his pejuta cold . - So ? - He always drinks it hot . With lemon . But not today . Today it 's cold pejuta , hold the lemon . A man changing his drink order doesn 't mean he 's possessed by an alien . Nevertheless , don 't you think you should scan him , or dissect him , or something , just to make sure ? I could examine every crew member you 've mentioned and it wouldn 't do any good . From what we can tell , the alien jumps from person to person . It sounds to me like you 're defending Ensign Parsons . I 'm not defending him . I 'm just pointing out you 're acting a little paranoid . In fact , one could say you 're acting a little too paranoid . Are you suggesting that I could possibly ... I can assure you , not even an alien could make me do anything to hurt Kes . All I 'm suggesting , Mr Neelix , is that paranoia will aggravate your already precarious emotional condition . Try to relax . I don 't think Kes has any permanent damage . I 'll let you know the moment I revive her . I 'll be back as soon as you wake . Don 't worry . You 're in good hands . Thank you , Doctor . - What are you doing ? - Reconfiguring the sensor relays . - I will only be a minute . - Must you do it now ? - I 'm in the middle of a treatment . - I am sorry , Doctor . Captain 's orders . - How is she ? - No irreparable damage . Her injuries are different from Commander Chakotay 's . Her bio-neural energy is intact . I 'm curious about the contusions on her neck . They 're not consistent with an energy discharge . They look like wounds from a physical struggle . Odd . There was no physical struggle that I can recall . I just don 't understand it . These injuries resemble an extreme trauma to the trapezius nerve bundle . It 's as though her nerve fibres have been ruptured . Come in . Lieutenant Torres and I will initiate the magneton scan in two hours . It will be a high-intensity burst . It will cause dizziness in all crew , including myself , for several seconds . Make an announcement before you initiate it . Aye , Captain . And there is another matter of some concern . Kes 's injuries were not caused by an energy discharge . The Doctor has evidence that she was physically assaulted . Assaulted ? - But you weren 't physically assaulted . - That is correct . Is it possible that you inflicted her wounds ? - Me ? - Maybe you were inhabited by the alien . It is possible . The Doctor could run a neurological scan to see if I show memory disruption . Agreed . Janeway to sickbay . Activate Emergency Medical Holographic System . Unable to comply . The EMH program has been disabled . Disabled ? By whom ? Unknown . The Doctor 's initialisation routine has been locked out . It 's encrypted . I can 't reactivate the program . It appears the lockout originated above Deck 4 . Why would someone deactivate the Doctor ? He holds Voyager 's command codes . Yes , but once he was deactivated , the codes reverted back to me . If we assume the alien could not take over the Doctor , then it would try to force the command codes back into a humanoid host . Me . It 's too dangerous for one person to retain the command codes . I suggest we divide them into two code groupings . A sensible precaution . You are the reasonable choice to hold the second grouping , if there 's such a thing as a reasonable choice right now . The alien could occupy either one of us at any time . But presumably , not both of us at the same time . I 'll tell the bridge crew . We 'll all act as checks and balances . I want you all to be aware of something I must assume was due to the alien . The Doctor has been deactivated and we can 't get him back . I 'm dividing my command protocols . Captain ? Stun her ! She 's the alien ! - That should do it , Captain . - Thank you . I feel better already . - Any luck getting the Doctor back ? - Not yet . Someone put up one hell of a roadblock . I have to break through at least six levels of encryption . - How long will it take ? - Two or three hours . Torres to Janeway . Can you come to engineering ? - There 's something you should see . - On my way . Mr Paris , you 're our temporary medic . Ensign , I need you on the bridge . I tried to reconstruct the sensor logs from the shuttlecraft . I didn 't have any luck until I ran a parity trace scan . The sensor logs weren 't destroyed by an energy discharge . Someone erased them and overloaded the sensor matrix to make it look like they 'd been damaged . It gets worse . There was enough information left for me to reconstruct what happened . They were near a nebula and there was an energy discharge , but there was no other ship . - No ship ? - I 'm certain of it . The energy discharge came from the nebula itself . - Why would Tuvok lie ? - Was he under the alien 's influence ? Bridge to Janeway . We 're approaching the nebula . How long until the magneton flash scan is ready ? The sensor arrays are charging now . 15 , maybe 20 minutes . When it 's ready , transfer control to the bridge . In the meantime , let 's take a look at what it is we 're not supposed to see . Mr Tuvok , can you locate the ion trail of the alien ship that attacked you ? I believe so . Mr Kim , lay in that course . Shields are at maximum . All preparations for entering are complete . I 've finished the Doctor 's bioanalysis on Kes before he was deactivated . I think he was on to something . If I 'm interpreting his data correctly , the bruises on her neck were the result of a Vulcan neck pinch . Lieutenant ? I have no memory of injuring Kes . Perhaps I was occupied by the alien . Perhaps so . But then ... why does it keep attacking you ? In three separate instances now , it 's assaulted you . I am the chief of security . It may see me as a threat . So far you 've posed no greater threat than anyone else . And yet it keeps going after you . Captain , you are having a typically human response to circumstances which are inexplicable , commonly known as paranoia . Maybe , but paranoia 's not keeping me from picking up this ion trail . - What bandwidth are you on ? - I 'm using a multiphasic scan . If you examine the alpha K-band , you will see it . Yes . Here it is . A very interesting ion trail . There 's no sign of any subspace distortions in its wake . According to these readings , it 's a ship without engines . You 're lying , Tuvok . There is no alien ship and there never was . We 're not going into the nebula until we get answers . Mr Kim , reverse course ... Belay that order . The alien has been keeping us from entering the nebula . I suspect she has been occupied . I am relieving her of command . Proceed into the nebula , one-half impulse . Don 't do it , Harry . Now , Ensign . No , sir . I won 't do it . This phaser is on wide-beam dispersal and set to kill . I am taking command of this bridge . I must ask you to stand together where I can see you . Step away from the console , Ensign . Captain , we 're entering the nebula . Captain , I 'm picking up energy pulses in the nebula coherent with the biomatrix . - Life-forms . - And they 're heading this way . Those beings out there , are they your people ? We are the Komar . This is our domain . - What is it ? - The warp core 's been ejected . No . We must continue . Torres to Bridge . Captain , I think I was just taken over by the alien . I was working the plasma relays and then I ejected the warp core . - Acknowledged , Lieutenant . Stand by . - I don 't get it . If the alien 's in Tuvok , how could it be down in engineering ? I don 't know . Unless there are two aliens . Two ? Wait a minute . Lieutenant Torres isn 't authorised to eject the warp core . That requires a command code authorisation . Computer , who authorised the ejection of the warp core ? Authorisation was entered by Commander Chakotay . - Chakotay . - How is that possible ? The alien in Tuvok wants us in that nebula , but another presence is trying to keep us out . It doesn 't make sense , unless it 's Chakotay and he knows we 'll be in danger . - But he 's in sickbay . He 's braindead . - Maybe not . Maybe his neural energy was displaced somehow and he 's able to move from person to person . Tuvok 's engaged emergency thrusters . We 're moving again , Captain . You brought us here for what ? To extract our neural energy ? Very perceptive , Captain . The neural energy of your crew will sustain my people for years to come . You don 't have to do this . Maybe we can help you find another source of energy . We 're under attack . We 're being bombarded . The magneton scan identified the entity . It was a trianic-based energy being . Looks like he 's joined his friends outside . Shields are holding , but they won 't last . The radiation is blinding our sensors . I can 't find a way out . If we reverse course , we can backtrack . - Yes , ma 'am . - I don 't know if that 'll work . Tuvok 's course was complicated . We 're going into the nebula . Reconstruct Tuvok 's navigational logs . I 'm on it , Captain . Shields down to 65 % ! They are penetrating our defences . I 'm having no luck . Tuvok deleted the navigational logs . He made sure we wouldn 't get out . - Neelix to Bridge . - Go ahead . Captain , I can 't be sure , but I think I was just taken over by the alien . I 've done something strange . I 've rearranged the stones on the medicine wheel . Maybe Chakotay 's trying to tell us something . Mr Kim , activate sickbay Visual Relay 16 and put it on the viewscreen . Aye , Captain . What is it ? What does it mean ? - Is it a code , a message ? - Or a map ? Overlay a star map of the nebula on the current viewscreen image . The stones are in the same position as those planetoids . Chakotay must be using them to point a way out . Mr Kim , lay in a course taking us along a line connecting the three planetoids . Engage . Shields failing . The aliens are penetrating the hull . - Mr Kim , report . - We 're passing the third planetoid . Dark matter thinning . Normal space ahead . Transfer all power to the thrusters , including life-support . We 've cleared the nebula . Main power coming back on-line . Shields at full strength . Hull integrity normal . The aliens are not pursuing . Captain 's log , stardate 48735.9 . We have returned to where we ejected the warp core and retrieved it . Now we 're hoping the doctor can reintegrate Chakotay 's consciousness . - Did it work ? - It appears so . Commander . Can you hear me ? Yes . I 'm a little dizzy , but I think I 'm all here . How did you reintegrate his consciousness ? It involved three neural transceivers , two cortical stimulators and 50 gigaquads of computer memory . I would take you through the process , but it would take ten hours to explain . Needless to say , it was remarkable . I would write a paper if there were a forum in which to publish it . What happened , Commander ? After the attack on the shuttle I had the sensation of floating above my own body . I thought I was dead . When the shuttle returned to Voyager , you were still disembodied ? Yes . I couldn 't speak . I couldn 't touch anything . But then I found if I concentrated on someone who was in the room with me , I could share their consciousness . At first , I could only do little things . Push buttons , work a console . As time went on , it became easier to do more . - Sorry to knock you around , Tuvok . - No apology is necessary . Good job , Commander . And welcome back . To be honest , I feel like I never left .
