 Good morning , children . I am your new governess , Mrs Davenport . Too formal . Henry , Beatrice . I am so glad to meet you . I 've heard so much about you and ... I 'm sure we 'll be very good friends . Too familiar . I 'm Mrs Davenport . Your father has asked me to be your new governess . Something he did without mentioning it to us . Good morning , children . It 's good to see you . You must be Henry . And this ... is Beatrice . Henry Burleigh . Viscount Timmins . My sister , the Lady Beatrice Flora . You will address us as " my lord " and " my lady " . Of course ... my lord . Please , sit down . Let 's get to know one another , shall we ? I 'm Mrs Davenport . I hope to be a friend to you as well as a governess . In ullam rem ne properemus . - I beg your pardon ? - In ullam rem ne properemus . Is your Latin a bit rusty ? I suppose it is . Then I don 't see how you 'll be doing my lessons with me . My lord , I assure you that I am more than qualified to instruct you . I may have to brush up on my Latin , but when it comes to mathematics and the sciences , I 'm sure you 'll find my lessons challenging . And Beatrice ... what do you like to study ? - Nothing . - Not even painting or needlework ? I just made my first sampler . I finished it yesterday . - Did you ? I 'd love to see it sometime . - I don 't have it . I gave it to Mother . Beatrice ! My sister is confused . She gave the sampler to Mother before she died . - No , I didn 't . I gave it to her last night . - Beatrice ! - I talked to her . - Beatrice is upset , Mrs Davenport . She hasn 't accepted our mother 's death . Beatrice ... I know it was a terrible thing to lose your mother . She 's not dead . I saw her last night ! What have you done to my sister ? Computer ... restore characters in program Janeway Lambda-1 . Unable to comply . There 's a power disruption to energy grid Beta-4 . - Janeway to bridge . Report . - Power fluctuations on deck 6 , Captain . - Mr Tuvok is investigating . - Keep me informed . Janeway out . Tuvok to Lieutenant Torres . Has any equipment repair been authorised ? - Negative . What 's going on ? - Standby . Be careful ! Sorry . You might have broken the connection . Crewman Dalby , what are you doing here ? One of the bio-neural gel packs was malfunctioning . - I had to replace it . - Did you inform Lieutenant Torres ? No . I 'm taking this to engineering for analysis . We have a protocol for such procedures . I was in the area and fixed it . What 's the problem ? Your repair interrupted a number of ship 's functions . - That 's the problem . - I 'm used to doing things differently . On our ship , when something went wrong , you fixed it . I would remind you that you are no longer on a Maquis ship . I 'm well aware of that , Lieutenant . And every day I regret it . I was just trying to do my job . Trying to help out . If that goes against Starfleet 's rules , put me in the brig . Otherwise , leave me alone . Captain 's log , stardate 48846.5 . Ordinarily , the loss of a gel pack would be a minor inconvenience . But here it 's a reminder of the precarious nature of our journey . The gel packs have an extremely reliable track record . They are almost impossible to damage . Why did this one malfunction ? Unknown . Lieutenant Torres is running an analysis . - The unit has been replaced . - How many are left in reserve ? 47 . They run half the critical systems on this ship . Once they run out , that 's it . We can 't replicate new ones . It 's possible to switch some systems to conventional isolinear circuits . - Start looking into it . - There is another matter to discuss . I am concerned about crewman Dalby . He made unauthorised repairs to a damaged gel pack . When confronted , he lost control . How so ? He became angry ... to the point of insubordination . Dalby . I 've heard complaints about him . This is not the first incident involving him . Last week he tampered with systems to increase a friend 's replicator rations . And he 's missed three of his last ten duty shifts . Commander , you know Mr Dalby well . What might be bothering him ? Dalby 's always been pretty aggressive . My guess is , the man 's frustrated . He 's not used to dealing with Starfleet protocol and procedure . A starship cannot run without protocols . His attitude is disrupting operations . What do you suggest ? Dragging him in front of a disciplinary board ? - Perhaps that would be best . - I doubt that 's going to help . Dalby 's not the only Maquis who 's having problems adjusting . Besides , it 's not only a matter of attitude , but also of experience . It 's not fair to expect Starfleet behaviour from those not in the Academy . What do you propose ? We need to bring some of these people up to speed . Instruct them in how to run a Starfleet vessel . Show them why we do things the way we do . Give them an opportunity to feel part of the team . A crash course in Starfleet operations . Field training . Exactly . What do you think , Mr Tuvok ? Are you up to training a group of raw cadets ? Me ? You taught at the Academy for 16 years . You 'd be perfect . Commander Chakotay would be a more logical choice . He is a Maquis , as well as their former captain . That 's my point . He doesn 't have to earn their respect . We do . Very well , Captain . I will prepare a curriculum . Commander , pick out the Maquis crew members you feel would benefit most . Have them report to Lieutenant Tuvok at the next duty shift . Right . Don 't worry , I 'll tell them to take it easy on you . Good morning . We are here as the Captain feels you 'd benefit from training . - Consequently ... - I think we need clarification . Why have we been singled out for this ... honour ? The answer would seem to be self-evident . Interrupting a senior officer is not acceptable behaviour . The purpose is to familiarise you with Starfleet protocols . So that mistakes will be minimised . Still , the fact remains ... If I may have permission to speak ... Thank you . You must have noticed certain problems with each member of this select group or we wouldn 't be here . - I can 't imagine why I 'm included ... - Crewman Chell ... Your report indicates that you are talkative , disruptive and unreliable . You promise to do tasks which then go undone . That is a complete exaggeration . Just yesterday , I overhauled the servicing system ... - You will speak only when spoken to . - Lieutenant , I was just ... 40 laps around the cargo bay . - Start running now . - But ... 50 laps ! This class will adhere to standards established for Starfleet cadets . There will be physical training and academic studies . As well as tactical situations . Crewman , have you been listening to me ? - I did not hear that answer . - Yes . Speak up , crewman . - I said , yes . - Look at me when I 'm talking to you . - Leave him alone . - What was that ? I said leave him alone . Can 't you see he 's just a kid . - He shouldn 't even be here . - We think he should . You 'll probably have me running 200 laps for this but I don 't care . This whole thing is insulting . We didn 't ask to come aboard this ship . We 've done our best and now you 're telling us that 's not good enough . - That is correct . - Well , maybe that 's just too bad . Maybe we 've done our best and that 's as good as you 'll get . How about it ? Does anybody want to be here ? - I don 't have anything to learn . - I don 't think he 's going to phaser us . I 'd rather be in the brig than in here . So let 's go . Crewmen , you are demonstrating rank insubordination . - I order you to stay where you are . - Chell ! Come on ! We 're leaving . Maybe it wasn 't such a good idea to leave like that . - They won 't let us get away with it . - What will they do ? Keep us in the brig for 70 years ? Everyone is needed . Nothing will happen . It 's not like we 're guilty of mutiny . We 'll just keep doing our jobs . We 're just not going to jump through any Starfleet hoops . You want to give me your version ? Commander , we 'll live up to our responsibilities on this ship . But we won 't be treated like teenage cadets . - I see . - It was ridiculous . - Tuvok had Chell running laps . - And he was picking on Gerron . - I don 't like it . - Really ? Commander , you know that we 're used to playing with a different rulebook . There 's the Starfleet way and there 's the Maquis way . - You want to do it the Maquis way ? - That 's right . That 's always worked for us . That 's the Maquis way too , isn 't it ? If you want to keep doing it the Maquis way , that 's fine with me . We can do that everyday , until you report to Lieutenant Tuvok . You understand me ? What ? How does a Starfleet crewman answer a question ? Yes ... sir . Does anybody else have a problem ? These are your study assignments for next week . Examinations will be conducted randomly with no advance notice . I will now inspect your uniforms . Crewman Henley , your headband is certainly festive . - Thank you . - It 's in violation of regulations . Please check the protocol files for recommended guidelines . - What is this ? - It 's a kazleti design . I studied the technique when I visited their planet . - I know it doesn 't look complicated ... - It 's in violation of the dress code . - You could hardly see it . - You will remove it now . - I know . I 'll have to take off the earring . - Correct . Also , your boots are scuffed . From now on , you 'll arrive in polished boots . Yes , sir . - Do you have a problem , Mr Dalby ? - No , sir . Very well . You will all report to me on deck 11 at 1900 hours . Dismissed . - What will we be doing ? - You 'll find that out at 1900 hours . Dismissed . I 'm going through with this field training ... as ordered . But I can 't say it 's very productive . It feels like punishment . You 're afraid you won 't make it . That you 'll fail this training . Excuse me ? That 's not what I said ... or what I 'm thinking . What ? You think I can 't make it through this ridiculous exercise ? - That 's absurd ! - Fine . Then make it through . - It 's another power failure ! - It 's the gel packs again . Deck 4 , section 9C . Bridge to engineering . Report . It 's another malfunction . We 're putting a repair crew on it now . Dalby , replace the failed gel pack and check out the adjoining circuits . We can 't keep replacing these things . Ensign , you 're in charge till I get back . I 'll be in sickbay . - What is it ? - It 's your new patient . It 's one of the bio-neural gel packs . Yes , I 'm aware of these devices . But I 've never seen one . I can 't find anything mechanically wrong with it . I thought you could look at the biological component . Interesting . Initiate the scan . Scanning beam is active . - What ? - The patient is sick . Can you be more specific ? Discussing this in front of the patient would breach professional etiquette . It 's been suggested I cultivate a greater sensitivity to my patients ' needs . - Don 't worry , my little friend . - Doctor ! The biological component has an infection . A very contagious one . - Is the crew in any danger ? - I don 't detect any infection in you . The contagion isn 't harmful to humanoids . If it were , we would have seen evidence of illness by now . In order to protect the circuitry , you 'll have to isolate all the affected packs . I 'll take the forward grids off-line . We 'll lose replicators . I can re-route the primary systems . How long do you need ? I don 't know . Unless we find the source of the infection , we can 't stop it . OK . I 'll tell the captain . You 'll be taking a 10 kilometre run . I 've cleared deck 13 of personnel . Make sure your packs are secured to avoid chafing . Could I just carry Henley ? She weighs the same ! We will get to deck 13 by using the Jefferies tubes . - At least it 's only two decks down . - Not that way , crewman . - We 'll get to deck 13 via the mess hall . - That 's on deck 2 ! We 'd have to crawl through over 50 Jefferies tubes . I 'm glad to see your knowledge of the ship 's structure is improving . Crewman Gerron , lead the way . Thank you ! You can stay there as long as you like . This pack feels like it 's filled with latinum bricks . Crewman Gerron , what is the problem up there ? Keep going . Maybe he 'll slip and plunge to his death . Be my guest . - The 10 kilometres begin now . - My legs feel like lead pipes ! - Keep your mind on something else . - The pain in my shoulders ? - That was a run of 10.1 kilometres . - That was a death march ! You may be experiencing difficulty . I increased gravity on this deck by 10 % . What ? You don 't know what conditions you may encounter . You must be prepared for anything . Crewmen Gerron and Chell , you have not completed your run . We have lapped you three times . You will finish the 10 kilometres now . We 'll repeat this tomorrow . I 'll expect you to better your performance . Have you found traces of the bacteria ? I 've checked the logs . The biofilter didn 't pick up anything . We stopped at that planet , Napinne ... Brought on some food stores . - Some of it looked strange . - Right . Varmeliate fibre ... whole green putillos , and schplicht . - Schplicht ? - Grakel milk . I 've looked at the logs . Everything checked out . Let 's go over the environmental systems . Maybe it 's airborne . - He 's been at it since before I got here . - Chell ! What are you doing ? Mr Tuvok ordered me to degauss the entire transporter room . - But you 're using a micro-resonator . - I know . Why not use the magneton scanner ? You 'd be done in five minutes . Tuvok told him to use the micro-resonator . - But he 'll be at it for hours ! - Mr Tuvok estimated 26.3 hours . - Sounds like a Tuvok estimate . - Well , good luck . You missed a spot . Security log , supplemental . I 've recreated the Voyager bridge on the holodeck and scheduled a war game simulation . I hope that an exercise in teamwork will instil a sense of participation . On the bridge we depend on the smooth functioning of every crewman . You are the captain 's eyes , ears and hands . You must function as one perfectly-tuned unit . Mr Dalby , I understand you have command experience . - Yes , sir . - You have the bridge . The programme will present you with random events that you must deal with in whatever manner you see fit . I understand . Programme will be initiated when you set a course . - All set ? - Ready . Mr Chell , ahead warp 6 . Heading 159 , mark 7 . Mr Gerron , what 's the nearest star system ? I 'm showing a red giant system , 3.7 light years from our current position . There are eight planets . - We 're picking up a distress call . - Source ? Unknown . There 's subspace interference . - Gerron , can you get a fix ? - Sensors show a Ferengi ship . It 's heavily damaged . Eight life-form readings ... very faint . - Hail them . - They 're not responding . I must point out that the Ferengi have deceived other ships by pretending to be damaged . We could be falling into a trap . We have a duty to offer humanitarian aid , if we can . Chell , change course to intercept . - Course laid in , sir . - Proceed . A Romulan warbird is decloaking off the port bow . Red Alert . Hail them . Let them know we 're on a rescue mission . - They 're powering up weapons . - No response to the hail . - Evasive manoeuvres , Mr Chell . - Initiating evasion sequence . We 've been hit on the lateral phaser array . Shields at 81 % . - Arm all forward phasers . - A second ship is decloaking . It 's launching torpedoes . Damage to decks 11 through 15 . Reports of casualties . Arm all photon banks . Mr Chell , continuous evasive action . - Henley , fire at will . - Aye , sir . Hull breach on deck 9 . Keep firing , Henley . Let 's do as much damage as we can . Computer , reset programme . Your first command together was less than successful . You are all dead . It was a no-win situation . What were we supposed to do ? Can anyone answer that question ? I thought we went by the book . I certainly did everything I could possibly do . My evasive action sequences cannot be faltered . At least we went out with our phasers firing . Mr Gerron , do you have something to add ? - What does it matter ? - It matters . If you don 't learn from your mistakes , you 'll repeat them . I was in command . Blame me . The crew were following my orders . Have you reached a conclusion ? I thought I did everything I could . We were just out-gunned . I see . Did the possibility of retreat not occur to you ? - Retreat ? - I can 't believe you 'd say that ! The strongest tactical move is to reap the highest gain at the lowest cost . Going out with " phasers firing " may seem heroic , but it is merely foolish . Retreat is often the best option . Well , Mr Tuvok , once more you 've proven your point . We 're just not Starfleet material . Are we dismissed ... sir ? Dismissed . Computer , exit . I feel that my services , as morale officer , are required . - You are wrong . - Really ? One , no cup of tea . Two , no padd . Three , you 're sitting on the opposite side from usual . That tells me you 've got something on your mind . What tells me that it 's making you miserable is that cloud of doom that 's rising from you like a ground fog . I cannot imagine that there are visual emanations that can tell you my mood . - You are making wild assumptions . - Maquis trainees getting you down ? I don 't believe they 're responding well to my instruction . What seems to be the problem ? That 's what I 've been trying to determine . I 'm afraid that I 'm at a loss . I have taught thousands of cadets . And I have never encountered these difficulties . My methods are sound and time-honoured . I insist on strict adherence to rules and protocols . I never waiver from that approach . I 've always been successful in honing each cadet into a Starfleet officer . Come with me . I want to show you something . These are keela flowers . Beautiful ... and strong . The stem is flexible ... and impossible to break . But , occasionally , on the same plant , there 's a bloom which is not so flexible . Here 's one . And when the stem is brittle ... it breaks . You 're saying that the Maquis crew is rigid and inflexible . That they will never adjust to Starfleet rules . No , Mr Vulcan . I 'm saying that you are rigid and inflexible . Maybe if you learn to bend a little ... you might have better luck with your class . Those Maquis aren 't Starfleet cadets . You can 't treat them the same way . Get to know them . Try to find out what they 're like inside . You might discover a better teaching method . I 'm not sure I have the ability to " find out what they 're like inside " . Mr Neelix , what is that ? Brill cheese ! I made it from that schplicht we brought on board . Ensign Ashmore asked for something called macaroni and cheese . Cheese . You must cultivate bacteria to make cheese . Of course . Captain 's log , stardate 48859.3 . Lieutenant Tuvok has reported a possible explanation for the infection in the gel packs . I have asked Lieutenant Torres and her team to investigate Neelix 's kitchen . Get me a schematic of the airflow patterns for the whole ship . The cheese is full of volatile bacterial spores . It must stay isolated in this containment field . - What is this ? - That 's a Laurelian pudding . It has to simmer for four hours . The spores must have travelled through that intake and then into the ventilation system . They were disseminated throughout the ship , infecting the circuitry . I feel awful about this . I assure you , I had no idea . More gel packs must be down . If this gets into the environmental systems , we may be in further trouble . Neelix , this wasn 't your fault . The important thing is we 've found the source . Get the cheese to sickbay . The doctor should look at it as soon as possible . You may break , Mr Dalby . OK . - Do you play pool often ? - Not really . I did when I was younger . - Do you have a family ? - What is this about ? - Pardon . - This ... little exercise . Are we testing my social skills ? Does Starfleet have rules about them ? I had thought we could get to know each other . Perhaps then our relationship would function more smoothly . Get to know each other ? OK . Here 's the brief history of Kenneth Dalby . We lived on the Bajoran frontier . It was a hard life . I coped by getting into trouble . I was angry at everybody and everything . Till the woman came along who taught me about love . For a while , I wasn 't angry any more . Three Cardassians raped her and smashed her skull . I joined the Maquis and tried to slaughter as many of them as I could . How about you ? Any family ? I do . But there is nothing to report that would compare with your story . I have observed that you seem to be protective of Mr Gerron . - Have you formed a friendship ? - No . He won 't let me get close . First time I saw him , I thought I was looking at myself at that age . I thought maybe I could be a friend . Maybe he wouldn 't turn out how I did . But I didn 't have much luck . Then we got stuck out here . Being so far away from home is hard on somebody that young . Don 't make him more miserable than he is already . Commander Chakotay recommended Mr Gerron for this programme . He felt that if the young man were able to learn new skills , to set goals and accomplish them , it may help him feel better about himself . - That 's why he 's in this group ? - We want it to be positive for everyone . If you say so . But understand this , Lieutenant . I don 't want to get to know you and I don 't want to be your friend . This is the most pernicious infective agent I 've ever seen . It attacked every cell in the gel pack 's biological matrix . I 've exposed it to every anti-bacterial agent we have . It hasn 't responded . Sickbay to bridge . What 's happening ? We 're losing more bio-neural circuitry . - Tell me you have good news . - I 'm afraid not . - I 'm at a loss but we 'll keep trying . - Please do . Janeway out . It 's curious that these bacteria didn 't show in any of our diagnostic scans . But if the bacteria didn 't spread from the cheese , how did the gel packs get infected ? - Viruses can live inside bacteria . - Of course , a virus . The bacteria could be hosts to the infectious virus . They are so small they can escape detection . Maybe we should try the anti-viral agents . It 's certainly worth a try . I think the inertial dampeners are malfunctioning . - Along with other things . - Class dismissed . Return to stations . Lieutenant ! We 're stuck in here . The bio-neural network is failing . We 're losing systems faster than we can compensate . - Isolinear circuitry ? - Torres is working on it . - It can 't maintain life-support yet . - Propulsion is down . Every system on the main grid is down . Including turbolifts and life-support . - Bridge to engineering . - Torres here . Transfer power to life-support and keep working on the isolinear circuitry . - The manual override isn 't working . - Can 't get the cargo door open , either . Tuvok to bridge . Is anyone receiving this message ? It appears our stations will have to do without us for the time being . Captain , life-support is failing . Deck 15 has lost all power . Sickbay to bridge . I believe we may have something . The gel packs are incapable of responding to an infection in the same way that humanoid organisms do . - With a fever . - Exactly . We have experimented with heating the samples and the results are promising . We don 't have the heat needed to wipe out a ship-wide infection . - Janeway to Torres . - Torres here . If we wanted to super-heat the gel packs , how could we do it ? We could infuse the circuits with a high-energy plasma burst . But we 'd have to generate it by inverting the warp-field toward the ship . We could produce the energy by getting the warp engines to 80 % of maximum while we 're standing still . Then initiate the plasma burst . Can we get to 80 % ? If we re-route the emergency power to the warp engines , but it 's a risky move . I 'm aware of that but I think we have to try it . Divert all power , including life-support , to the warp engines . Mr Paris , deactivate the nacelle control system . Prepare to engage the warp engines . Nacelle control deactivated . - Ready to go . - Do it ! What 's that noise ? - This conduit is getting very hot . - So am I. It 's getting awfully warm in here . Something 's very wrong . I don 't like this at all . I think the captain is trying to deal with the systems failures . Not knowing what that entails may lead us to think the worst . We must not let fear get the best of us . Mr Gerron , it 's possible the console in the control room is still functioning . See if you can open the doors from there . We can also attempt to access one of the Jefferies tubes through the bulkhead . I don 't know about the bacteria , but I 'm ready to pass out . Engines are only 74 % of maximum . That 's not enough for a plasma burst . Increase anti-matter flow . It 's having an effect . Temperature is at 340 kelvin . Can we get it a little hotter ? Mr Paris , get us to 80 % of maximum ... somehow . I 'll try . - We 're at 360 kelvins . - Engines are at 79 % of maximum . - I think we can risk it . - Bridge to Torres . - Initiate the plasma burst . - It may blow some conduits . Acknowledged . The plasma gas will be toxic in minutes . We must leave immediately . What about Gerron ? - We can 't leave him ! - Get in the Jefferies tube . - I can 't lose any more of you . - What 's that ? A Starfleet rule ? It 's tactically correct to sacrifice the few for the many . I don 't give a Circassian fig what 's correct . I 'm going back for him . Get in the Jefferies tube now ! I will break your arm if you do not follow my order . - I won 't forget . You 're letting him die ! - Keep moving ! Janeway to sickbay , report . Bacterial levels are dropping . We should be able to purge the system within a few minutes . We need life-support back on-line as soon as possible . I 'll get back to you right away , Captain . Sickbay to bridge . Can anyone hear me ? - Come in , Doctor . - All bacteria have been destroyed . The danger of further infection has passed . Mr Kim , start getting our systems back on-line . Aye , Captain . Come on , come on ! I think he 's all right . I thought Starfleet rules said that was an unacceptable risk ... saving him . It was . However , I 've realised that there are times when it is desirable to bend the rules . Lieutenant , if you can learn to bend the rules ... I guess we can learn to follow them . Let 's get you two to sickbay .
