 - Damage report . - Shields at 60 % . A fuel line has ruptured . Compensating . Damn ! We 're barely maintaining impulse . I can 't get any more out of it . - Be creative ! - With a 39-year-old rebuilt engine ? Maquis ship , this is Gul Evek of the Cardassian Fourth Order . Cut your engines and surrender or we will ... Initiating evasive pattern Omega . Mark . Shields at 50 % . I need more power to reach the Badlands . Take the weapons off-line . All power to the engines . - I question that proposal . - What does it matter ? We 're not denting their shields anyway . - You wanted creative . - Tuvok , shut down phasers . Give me 30 seconds at full impulse . - I 'll get us into the Badlands . - Phasers off-line . Throw the last photons at them , then give me the power from the torpedo system . Acknowledged . - Any plasma storms ahead ? - One . Coordinates 171 , mark 43 . - That 's where I 'm going . - Plasma storm density increasing . - 14 % ... 20 % ... 25 % . - Hold on ! - The Cardassian ship is following us in . - Gul Evek must feel daring today . They 've taken a hit on their port blade . They 're sending out a distress signal . - Can you plot a course ? - The storm 's activity is widespread . I can plot a course , but only an indirect route . We can use the time to make some repairs . What was that ? We 've just passed through a tetryon beam . - Source ? - Unknown . There is a huge displacement wave moving toward us . - Another storm ? - It 's not plasma . It will intercept us in less than 30 seconds . - Anything left in the engines , B 'Elanna ? - We 'll find out . - Still exceeding our speed . - Maximum power . Wave still accelerating . It will intercept us in ... 8 seconds . Five ... Tom Paris ? Kathryn Janeway . I served with your father . I wonder if we could go somewhere and talk . - About what ? - About a job we 'd like you to do for us . I 'm already doing a job ... for the Federation . I 'm told the Rehab Commission is very pleased with you . They 've allowed me to discuss this with you . Well then , I guess I 'm yours . Your father taught me a lot . I was his science officer during the Arias expedition . You must be good . My father only accepts the best and the brightest . My mission is to find a Maquis ship that disappeared in the Badlands last week . - I wouldn 't if I were you . - Really ? No Federation ship could manoeuvre through the plasma storms . You 've never seen Voyager . We 'd like you to come along . You 'd like me to lead you to my former colleagues . I was only with the Maquis a few weeks before I was caught . I don 't know their hiding places . You know the territory better than anyone we 've got . What 's so important about this Maquis ship ? My chief of security was on board , undercover . He was supposed to report in twice during the last six days . He didn 't . Maybe it 's just him who 's disappeared . Maybe . That ship was commanded by another former Starfleet officer , Chakotay . I understand you knew him . That 's right . The two of you didn 't get along , I 'm told . Chakotay will tell you he left Starfleet on principle , to defend his home from the Cardassians . I , on the other hand , was forced to resign . He considered me a mercenary , fighting to pay my bar bills . Trouble is , he was right . I have no problem helping you track down my friends in the Maquis . All I need to know is what 's in it for me . You help us find that ship , we help you at your next outmeet review . Officially , you 'd be a Starfleet observer . Observer ? Hell , I 'm the best pilot you could have . You 'll be an observer . When it 's over , you 're cut loose . The story of my life . Stadi , you 're changing my mind about Betazoids . - Good . - That wasn 't a compliment . Until today , I always considered your people warm and sensual . - I can be warm and sensual . - Just not to me . Do you always fly at women at warp speed , Mr Paris ? Only when they 're in visual range . That 's our ship . That 's Voyager . Intrepid class . Sustainable cruise velocity of warp factor 9.975 Fifteen decks . Crew complement of 141 . - Bio-neural circuitry . - Bio-neural ? Some of the circuitry has been replaced by gel packs of bio-neural cells . They organise information better , speed up response time . If I may say so , it 's been my special pleasure to see many new officers like yourself come through these portals . Your parents must be very proud . - You know , on an occasion like this ... - I 'm not interested . - Interested ? - In buying anything . I thought your parents might like a memento of your first mission . And you happen to have several to choose from ? I do carry a select line of unique artefacts indigenous to this region . Why , quite recently I acquired these Lobi crystals from a strange creature called a Morn . We were warned about the Ferengi at the Academy . - Warned about Ferengi , were you ? - That 's right . Slurs about my people at Starfleet Academy . What I meant was ... I 'm trying to be a cordial host , knowing how a young officer 's parents would appreciate a token of his love on the eve of a dangerous mission . And what do I get for my trouble ? Scurrilous insults . Somebody 's gonna hear about this . - What 's your name , son ? - My name ? - You have one , I presume ? - Harry Kim . But I ... And who warned you about Ferengi ? I think a memento for my parents is a great idea . - Oh , no , no , no . - This would make a great pendant . - Or cufflinks . - Cufflinks , great idea . They 're not for sale . Now , inform your commanding officer the Federation Council can expect an official query ... How much for the entire tray ? - Cash or credit ? - Dazzling , aren 't they ? - As bright as a Koladan diamond . - Brighter . You can find them on any planet in the system . That 's an exaggeration . There 's a shop at Volnar Colony that sells a dozen for one Cardassian lek . - How much are you selling these for ? - We were about to negotiate the price . Come on . Thanks . Didn 't they warn you about Ferengi at the Academy ? Run a level-3 diagnostic , just to be sure . - Can I help you ? - Tom Paris , reporting on board . - Oh , yes . The observer . - That 's me . As a matter of fact , I seem to be observing a problem right now ... Doctor . I was a surgeon at the hospital on Calkik Prime while you were stationed there . We never actually met . Your medical records have arrived Mr Paris . Everything seems in order . The Captain asked if you were on board . You should check in with her . I haven 't paid my respects to the Captain yet . Well , Mr Kim , that would be a good thing for a new operations officer to do . - What was that all about ? - It 's a long story , Harry . I 'm sure someone will tell you before long . - The doctor called and I was right . - She 's pregnant ? - The puppies are due in 7 weeks . - Mark , take her home with you . - With me ? I just got the rugs cleaned . - I can 't leave her in a kennel while I 'm ... Is this a " love me , love my dog " demand ? - Yes . - How could I ever refuse you ? When are you leaving ? As soon as I approve these system status reports . All right . I won 't bother you any more . Hey ... You never bother me , except the way I love to be bothered . - Understand ? - I 'll remember that . See you in a few weeks . Oh , pick up the doggy bed , she 'll be more comfy . I already did ... an hour ago . Come in . - Gentlemen , welcome aboard Voyager . - Thank you , sir . Mr Kim ... at ease before you sprain something . Ensign , despite Starfleet protocol , I don 't like being called " sir " . I 'm sorry ... ma 'am . Ma 'am is acceptable in a crunch , but I prefer " Captain " . We 're getting ready to leave . Let me show you to the bridge . - Any problems getting here , Mr Paris ? - None at all , Captain . My first officer , Lieutenant Commander Cavit . - Ensign Kim , Mr Paris . - Welcome aboard . Ensign Kim , this is your station . - Would you like to take over ? - Yes , ma 'am . It 's not crunch time yet , Mr Kim . I 'll let you know when . Lieutenant , lay in the course and clear our departure . Course entered , ops has cleared us . - Ready thrusters . - Thrusters ready . - Initiate launching sequence . - Sequence underway . Engage . Tomato soup . There are 14 varieties of tomato soup available ; with rice , with vegetables , Bolian style , with pasta , with ... - Plain . - Specify hot or chilled . Hot . Hot , plain , tomato soup . There , you see ? I told you it wouldn 't take long . - Is it true ? - Was the accident my fault ? Yes . Pilot error . But it took me a while to admit it . They can 't even get plain tomato soup right . - They said you falsified reports . - That 's right . - Why ? - What 's the difference ? I lied . But then you came forward and you admitted that it was your fault ? I 'll tell you the truth , Harry . All I had to do was keep my mouth shut and I was home free . But I couldn 't . The ghosts of those three dead officers came to me and taught me the true meaning of Christmas . So I confessed . Worst mistake I ever made but not my last . After they threw me out of Starfleet , I went out looking for a fight and found the Maquis . And on my first assignment , I was caught . It must have been especially tough for you , as the son of an admiral . Frankly , I think it was tougher on my father than it was on me . I know those guys told you to stay away from me . And you know what ? You ought to listen to them . I 'm not exactly a good luck charm . I don 't need anyone to choose my friends for me . - Janeway to Paris . - Go ahead . Report to the bridge . We 're approaching the Badlands . Plasma storms measured at levels 3 and 4 . The Cardassians gave us their last known heading of the Maquis ship . We have charts of plasma storm activity when they disappeared . We might be able to approximate its course . I 'd guess they were heading for a planetoid in the Terikof Belt . Beyond the Moriya system . The storms would have forced them in this direction . Adjust our course to match . The Cardassians say the Maquis ship was destroyed in a plasma storm . But we haven 't picked up any debris . A plasma storm might not leave any debris . We 'd still get a resonance trace from the warp core . - A tetryon beam is scanning us . - Origin ? I 'm not sure . There 's a displacement wave heading for us . On screen . - Analysis . - It 's a polarised magnetic variation . We could disperse it with a graviton field . Do it . Red Alert . Move us away from it , Lieutenant . New heading , 41 , mark 180 . Initiating graviton field . - The graviton field had no effect . - Full impulse . - The wave will hit us in 12 seconds . - Can we go to warp ? Not until we clear the plasma field . - Five seconds . - Brace for impact . Three ... Report ! Hull breach , deck 14 . Trying to re-establish com lines to Engineering . Repair crews , seal off hull breach on deck 14 . Casualty reports coming in . Sickbay is not responding . Bridge to sickbay . Doctor , can you hear me ? - Paris , how 's Stadi ? - She 's dead . - There 's something out there . - I need a better description than that . I don 't know . I 'm ... not sure what I 'm reading . - Can you get the view screen working ? - I 'm trying . Captain , if these sensors are working , we 're over 70,000 light years from where we were . We 're on the other side of the galaxy . I 'm not reading any lifesigns on the Maquis ship . - What about on that Array ? - Our sensors can 't penetrate it . What are those pulses it 's emitting ? Massive bursts of energy directed at a G-type star system . Try hailing the Array . Engineering to bridge . The chief 's dead . - Possible warp core breach . - Secure all systems . I 'm on my way . - No response . - Get down to sickbay . - Mr Rollins , the bridge is yours . - Aye , Captain . Harry , wait for me . They must have been right next to the console when it exploded . Warning . Warp core micro-fracture . Breach imminent . - Warp core pressure ? - 2,100 kilopascals . Lock down the magnetic constrictors . At this pressure , we might not be able to restart the dilithium reaction . Warning . Warp core micro-fracture . Breach imminent . We 've no choice . We must reduce the reaction rate before we can seal it . Computer , initiate Emergency Medical Holographic Program . - Nature of emergency ? - Multiple injuries . - Status of doctor ? - Dead . - 0.4 cc trianoline . - Trianoline ? We lost our nurse too . How soon are replacements expected ? That could be a problem . We 're a long way from replacements right now . Tricorder . Medical tricorder . A replacement must be requested . I am only a short-term supplement to the medical team . We may be stuck with you for a while , Doc . There 's no need for concern . I can treat any injury or disease . No concussion , you 'll be fine . Clean him up . Unlock the magnetic constrictors . - Constrictors on-line . - Pressure ? It 's working . 2,500 kilopascals and holding . Bridge to Janeway . We 're being scanned by the Array . - It 's penetrated our shields . - What kind of scan ? Bridge ? Janeway to Bridge , respond . Initiate emergency lock-off . You 're not seriously hurt . You can return to your station . This is the Emergency Holographic Doctor . I gave no permission for anyone to be transported out of sickbay . Hello ? Sickbay to bridge . I believe someone has failed to terminate my program . Please respond . Come up here . Come on , now . I have a pitcher of lemonade and some sugar cookies . - Captain ... - Don 't believe your eyes . We 've only transported 100 kilometres . We 're inside the Array . No indication of stable matter . This must be a holographic projection . You poor things , you must be tired . Sit down and rest awhile . Have a cold drink . No , thank you . I 'm Kathryn Janeway , captain of the Voyager . Make yourselves right at home . The neighbours will be here any minute . Oh ! Why , here they are ! - Good to see you . Welcome . - We 're glad you dropped by . Now we can get started . You 're all invited to the welcoming bee ! Let 's have some music ! The crew 's scattered around this farm , but they 're all accounted for . Move around . Scan the area . See if you can find anything that might be a holographic generator . Have some nice fresh corn on the cob . Fresh corn on the cob . Corn on the cob ? - Can you tell me why we 're here ? - We mean you no harm . I 'm sorry if we put you out . Why don 't you get comfortable while you wait ? - Wait for what ? - Isn 't anybody hungry ? Come on , make yourselves at home , I 'm sorry if we put you out . Hey , let me show you around . The root cellar 's right over there . - What 's down there ? - Potatoes , onions . But it 's real private . - Paris , she 's only a hologram . - No reason to be rude . - Whoa . - What ? Sporocystian lifesigns . - What 's in the barn ? - Nothing but a big pile of hay . Let 's go see the duck pond . There 's nothing in there . It 's just a barn . Hey , do y 'all want some devilled eggs ? See ? Nothing but hay . - There is a life-form here . Just one . - Where ? It 's everywhere . I 'm also reading a matrix-processing device . It may be the holographic generator . Paris , humanoid lifesigns over here . A Vulcan and several humans . I 'm not ready for you yet ! Paris to Janeway ... Janeway here . Paris ? Come on ! Very well . Since no one seems to care for any corn , we 'll have to proceed ahead of schedule . Janeway to Bridge . Anybody there ? - Yes , we 're here . - How long were we over there ? - Almost three days . - Three days ? Captain , the Maquis ship is powering up its engines . Tractor them . All senior officers to the bridge . Excuse me . Could you explain what has transpired ? - Computer , locate Kim . - Ensign Kim is not on board . - Paris to Janeway . - Go ahead . Kim didn 't come with us . He must still be there . - How many crewmen are missing ? - One . Ensign Harry Kim . Hail the Maquis . Commander Chakotay . My name is Captain Kathryn Janeway . - How do you know my name ? - We were sent to find you . We were brought here by the Array . One of our crewmen is missing . Was he transported to you by accident ? No . A member of our crew is missing too . - B 'Elanna Torres , my engineer . - You and I have the same problem . I think we should try and solve it together . Three of us will transport to your ship . They 're powering down their engines , dropping their shields . - Watch out , Captain . They 're armed . - Put down your weapons . You won 't need those here . It 's good to have you back , Mr Tuvok . I was assigned to infiltrate your crew . I am Captain Janeway 's chief of security . Were you going to deliver us into their hands ? My mission was to accumulate information on Maquis activities , and then deliver you into their hands , that is correct . - I see you had help . - It 's good to see you too , Chakotay . At least the Vulcan was doing his duty as a Starfleet officer . You betrayed us for what ? Freedom from prison ? Latinum ? - What was your price this time ? - He 's a member of my crew . Treat him with the same respect as you 'd have me treat a member of yours . We have a lot to accomplish . I suggest we concentrate on finding our people and getting ourselves back home . Based on my initial reconnaissance , I am convinced we are dealing with a single entity . I suggest he scanned our computers to select a comfortable holographic environment . In effect , a waiting room to pacify us prior to a biometric assessment . - An examination ? - It is the most logical explanation . - Why else release us unharmed ? - Not all of us were . Get the compression phaser rifles . Meet us in Transporter Room 2 . We 're going back . We 'll divide into teams . Mr Tuvok , while Chakotay and I are looking for Torres and Kim , you find out as much about this Array as you can . It brought us here , we have to assume it can send us home . Agreed ? Maintain Red Alert . Keep us on constant transporter locks . Captain ... - I 'd like to go with you . - If this is to do with Chakotay ... I 'd just ... I 'd hate to see anything happen to Harry . Come on . No humanoid life-forms indicated . Kim and Torres are not within tricorder range . - They may not be on the Array . - He can tell us . Maintain com-link . I don 't want to lose anyone else . Why have you come back ? You don 't have what I need . I don 't care what you need . I just want our people back and us all sent home . Well , now , aren 't you contentious for a minor bipedal species . This minor species doesn 't like being abducted . - It was necessary . - Where are our people ? - Gone . - What have you done to them ? You don 't have what I need . They might . - You 'll have to leave them . - We won 't . We are their commanding officers , they are our responsibility , a concept you may not understand . Oh , no , I do understand . But I have no choice . - There just is not enough time left . - Left for what ? I must honour a debt that can never be repaid . But my search has not been going well . Tell us what you 're looking for . Maybe we can help you . You ? I 've searched the galaxy using advanced methods . No , there 's nothing you can do . You 've taken us 70,000 light years from our home . We have no other way back and we won 't leave without the others . But sending you back is terribly complicated , don 't you understand ? I don 't have time . Not enough time ! - He 's regaining consciousness . - How do you feel ? What am I doing here ? Where am I ? Please don 't move . You are very ill . Ill ? No , no . There 's some mistake . I 'm not ... No ! Captain 's log , stardate 48315.6 . We 've traced the energy pulses to the fifth planet of the next system , and believe they may have been used to transport Kim and Torres there . Come in . I 've observed something peculiar about the pulses . They are getting faster . Faster . The interval between pulses has fallen by 0.47 seconds since we arrived . - I can offer no explanation . - That 's only one of the mysteries . Take a look at this . It 's virtually a desert . Not one ocean , not one river . It has all the basic characteristics of an M-Class planet except ... there are no nucleogenic particles in the atmosphere . So the planet cannot produce rain . I 've studied thousands of such planets , none were without nucleogenics . There must have been an extraordinary environmental disaster . As soon as repairs are complete ... we 'll set a course for the fifth planet . Captain , you require sleep . Kim 's mother called me just after he left her . Delightful woman . It 's her only son . He 'd left his clarinet behind . She wanted to know if she had time to send it . I had to tell her no . Did you know he was in the Julliard Youth Symphony ? I did not have the opportunity to meet Mr Kim . I barely knew him . I never seem to have the chance to get to know any of them . I have to ... I have to take more time to do that . It 's a fine crew and I 've got to get them home . The crew will not benefit from an exhausted captain . You 're right as usual . I 've missed your counsel . I am gratified that you came after me so I can offer it once again . - I spoke to your family before I left . - Are they well ? Well . But worried about you . That would not be an accurate perception . - Vulcans do not worry . - They ... miss you . As I do them . I 'll get you back to them . That 's a promise , Tuvok . Captain 's log , supplemental . We have encountered a debris field . Sensors have detected a small vessel . One humanoid life-form is on board . Hail them . Whoever you are , I found this waste zone first . We 're not interested in this debris , Mr ... Neelix . And since you 're not interested in my debris ... I 'm delighted to know you . Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . A very impressive title . I have no idea what it means , but it sounds very impressive . Do you know this area of space well ? I am famous for knowing it well . How may I be of service ? Do you know about the Array sending energy pulses to the fifth planet ? I know enough to stay as far away from it as possible . Wait . Let me guess . You were whisked away from somewhere else in the galaxy , and brought here against your will . Sounds like you 've heard this story before . Sadly , yes . Thousands of times . Well , hundreds of times . Maybe fifty times . The Caretaker has been bringing ships here for months now . - The Caretaker ? - That 's what the Ocampa call him . They live on the fifth planet . Did he kidnap members of your crew ? - As a matter of fact , he did . - It 's not the first time . Do you know where he might have taken them ? Just that they 're brought to the Ocampa . Nothing more . We 'd appreciate your help in finding these Ocampa . I really wish that I could help you . But as you can see , there 's so much debris for me to investigate today . You 'd be surprised , the things of value some people abandon . Of course , we 'd want to compensate you for your trouble . There 's really very little that you could offer me . Unless ... - Yes ? - Unless of course , you had water . If you help us find our missing crew members , you can have all the water you want . That sounds like a very reasonable arrangement . Good . We 'll beam you over and tow your ship in . Mr Tuvok , go to Transporter Room 2 and meet our guest . Beam ? We have a technology which can take you instantly from your ship to ours . It 's quite harmless . May we ? Energise . Astonishing ! You Federations are obviously an advanced culture . The Federation is made up of many cultures . - I am Vulcan . - Neelix . Good to meet you ! Interesting ... What ... What exactly ... What exactly does all this do ? I assure you everything in this room has a specific function . However , it would take hours to explain it all . I suggest we proceed to your quarters . - Perhaps you would care for a bath ? - A what ? - It 's OK . - Who are you ? My name is Harry Kim . I 'm from the Starship Voyager . I was kidnapped from the Array too . I don 't know where we are . - What was Starfleet doing there ? - Looking for you , actually . - One minute , we 're in the Badlands ... - You were trying to capture us . Consider yourself captured . I have a phaser somewhere . I don 't find this at all amusing . There 's no point . It 's locked . - Hey ! What 's that gonna accomplish ? - What are these things growing on us ? Do you want them to sedate you again ? You 're right , Starfleet . It 's the Klingon half of me . It 's hard to control it sometimes . What 's your name , Maquis ? B 'Elanna . B 'Elanna Torres . I hope you 're feeling better . I know how frightening all this must be . I 've brought some clothes . - Why are you holding us here ? - You are not prisoners . In fact , we consider you honoured guests . The Caretaker sent you . If you 're peaceful , you may leave your quarters . What 's wrong with us ? What are these things ? We really don 't know . You must be hungry . Would you care to join me on the courtyard for a meal ? Our food dispensers are right this way . We 're underground . Our society is subterranean . We 've lived here for over 500 generations . But before that , you lived on the surface ? - Until the Warming began . - The Warming ? When our surface turned into a desert and the Caretaker came to protect us . Our ancient texts say he opened a deep chasm in the ground and led our ancestors to this place . Since then , he has provided for all our needs . Forgive them , they know you 're from the Caretaker . None of us has ever seen him . This way , please . - Does the Caretaker provide food too ? - In fact , he does . He built this entire city for us after the Warming . The food processors dispense nutritional supplements every 4.1 intervals . It may not offer the exotic tastes some of our younger people crave , but it meets our needs . Is this how the Caretaker communicates ? He never communicates directly . We try to interpret his wishes as best we can . I 'm curious to know how you interpret his reason for sending us here . He separated you from your species for their protection . - Their protection ? - From your illness . - Perhaps he 's preventing a plague . - We weren 't sick until we met him . From time to time , he asks us to care for people with this disease . - It 's the least we can do . - There have been others ? Like us ? - Yes . - Where are they ? Your condition is serious . We don 't know exactly how to treat it . I 'm afraid the others did not recover . - Sir ... - Ah , Mr Vulcan . Come in , please . I can hardly see you . I wanna thank you for your hospitality . I must admit , I haven 't had access to a food rebel ... replicator before . I 'd never have guessed . And to immerse myself in water ! Do you know what joy this is ? No one around here wastes water in this manner . A good sand scrub , that 's the best we can hope for . I 'm glad you are enjoying yourself but we are at the 5th planet . - We need your assistance . - Oh , could you hand me the towel ? If you scan the southern continent you 'll find a range of extinct volcanoes . Follow the foothills north to a dry river bed . You 'll find an encampment there . - Do you believe our people are there ? - It 's not impossible . Maybe . Perhaps not . But we 'll find them . We 'll need several containers of water to bring for barter . Do these replicators make clothing as well ? - Yes . - Will it make me a uniform like yours ? No , it most certainly will not . Why would anyone want to live here ? The rich cormaline deposits are very much in demand . - The Ocampa use it for barter ? - Not the Ocampa , the Kazon-Ogla . - Who are the Kazon-Ogla ? - They are . Kazon sects control this region . Some have food , some ore , some water . - They trade and kill for it . - You said the Ocampa had our people . My friends ! It 's good to see you again ! I must speak with your maje , the ever-wise Jabin ! - Very amusing . - Destroy him . I ... I enjoy a joke as much as the next man . Jabin ! My old friend ! Water . Water , Jabin . I have water to replace all that I borrowed . Show them , Mr Paris . Their ship has technology that makes water out of thin air ! - You have more ? - Janeway to Voyager . Energise . There 's more , if you can help us . How can we help someone so powerful , they can create water out of thin air ? This man told us we might find a people called the Ocampa . - Do you know where they are ? - Ocampa . She is Ocampa . Why do you want such worthless creatures ? They live only 9 years . They make poor servants . - She wandered to the surface . - They live underground ? The entity that gives them food and power also gives them sole access to the only water here , two miles down . This same entity has abducted two of our people . We think they may be with the Ocampa . There 's no way to get to them . We tried . The entity has built a subterranean barrier we cannot penetrate . - But she got out . - Occasionally , some of them do . We don 't know how , but the Ocampa seal the tunnels afterwards . Maybe she can help them find a way down . You 'd be wasting your time . I 've used every method of persuasion to get her to help us . She won 't . Then she 's worthless to you . Let us trade you water for this scrawny little thing . I 'd be more interested in this technology that creates water from thin air . That would be difficult . It 's integrated into our ship 's systems . Tell them to drop their weapons . Drop them , or he dies in an instant . Do it . Do it ! Step aside . Come on ! - I suggest you get us out of here . - Six to beam up ! My dearest . Didn 't I promise I 'd save you ? I 'm sure Captain Janeway is doing all she can to find us . What makes you think any of them are still alive ? - Should I call for some help ? - No . - Are you in pain ? - Are you watching us ? - I thought we weren 't prisoners . - I wasn 't watching you . I came to give you something . It 's a medicine . Some have broken tradition and left the city . Their colony grows fruits and vegetables . They discovered that the moss on some fruit trees has healing properties . I 'm sorry for what has happened to you . Thanks , but we 'll only survive if we get to the surface and find our own people . The elders say that 's against the Caretaker 's wishes . What do you say ? The Caretaker 's been behaving strangely for months . Abducting people , increasing the power supply . - Power supply ? - He 's tripled the energy he sends us . We have enough now to run the city for five years . Nobody knows why ? When we ask , we 're told to trust the Caretaker 's decisions . One person I knew did get to the surface . We never saw her again . - How ? - The tunnels that brought us here . Breaches in the barriers have appeared , just large enough to get through . But it still means digging through metres of rock . - Can you get us tools ? - It would take days , maybe even weeks to break through . You have to rest . Conserve your strength . Please . It 's our only chance . If you 'd told us your plans , we may have anticipated your irrational behaviour . Irrational ? We got out , didn 't we ? - Excuse me . Don 't blame Neelix . - That 's enough . This is not a conference room . Visiting hours are over . Everyone , except my patient , is to leave immediately . Computer , end Medical Holographic Program . I never should have gone to the surface . I 'm too curious . I 'm told it 's my worst failing . It 's a wonderful quality , most endearing . Would you be willing to take us underground ? I 'm afraid Jabin was right . There 's no way to get down . - The tunnel I came out is sealed . - We don 't need one . We can transport there directly . Our sensors did not pick up any indication of an underground civilisation . The barrier may be responsible . It might also block our transporter . There are breaches in the security barrier where it 's begun to decay . That 's how I got out . Have the transporter room sweep for any breaches we can beam through . Kes can tell you where to go . But now she 's free , we 're leaving this system . - Neelix , these people rescued me . - I rescued you . With their help . It would be wrong not to help them now . The pulses continue to accelerate . The intervals between them have decreased another 0.8 seconds . - Kes . - Hello , Daggin . We thought we 'd never see you again . How did you get back ? These people rescued me . We 're looking for two of their crew . Where are the aliens the Caretaker sent here ? - They 're at the central clinic . - Can you take us there ? She cannot . They can 't speak telepathically , Toscat . Please talk aloud . I didn 't meant to be rude but you should not be here . We 'll leave once we find our crewmen . We cannot interfere with the Caretaker 's wishes . - Maybe you can 't , but we can . - You don 't understand . That 's right , they don 't understand . They don 't know we have been dependent on the Caretaker for so long , we can 't think for ourselves any more . We were once a people who had full command of our minds ' abilities . The stories of our ancestors cognitive abilities are exaggerated . We lost them because we stopped using them . We should not dwell on what 's been lost but on what 's been gained . We 've gained a talent for dependence , for taking what we 're given . I 'll help them , whether you like it or not . I think my friends will join me . You defied the Caretaker by going to the surface , Kes . Learn from the experience . Follow the path he has set for us . I 've learned very well , Toscat , I saw the sunlight . I can 't believe our Caretaker would forbid us to see the sky . Come with me . We 'll find your people . Come on . - Don 't let it beat you , Starfleet . - I 'm sorry . All right . It 's all right . We 'll rest a minute . Maybe I 'd do better if I had Klingon blood in me . Trust me , it 's more trouble than it 's worth . You know , I spent my whole life getting ready for Starfleet . And on my very first mission ... I 'm gonna die . We 're not finished yet . I know a few things old Sneezy didn 't teach in his survival course . - Sneezy ? - Commander Zakarian . Remember ? He must have been allergic to everything . You went to the Academy ? Actually made it into the second year before we mutually agreed it wasn 't the place for me . You know , I never really liked Zakarian . Listen . They 're getting faster . Away team to Voyager . What 's going on with the Array ? It 's no longer sending out pulses . It seems to be realigning its position . Keep me informed . Janeway out . - They 're not at the clinic . - We can search the city . If they wanted to get out , how would they go ? The same way I did , up the ancient tunnels . Paris and Neelix go with her and check them out . We need to talk to the doctors , see what they can tell us about Torres and Kim . Voyager to Janeway . The Array is firing a weapon at the surface . It seems to be sealing the energy conduits . Understood . Keep a channel open . Why would the Caretaker seal the energy conduits ? If he no longer intended to use them , to protect the Ocampa from their enemies . There is enough evidence to form a hypothesis . - I believe the Caretaker is dying . - Explain . He increases the energy supply to provide a surplus to last five years . Then he seals the conduits . Hence , he does not intend to continue as caretaker . Maybe he 's not dying but leaving . Doubtful , after a millennium of providing for these people . I believe he owes something to the Ocampa . The " debt that can never repaid " is very likely a debt to them . Then there were his references to running out of time . I think he knew his death was imminent . If he dies , how the hell are we supposed to get home ? They 're in this one . Harry ! - Paris to Janeway . - Go ahead . They are in one of the tunnels . I can 't see them , but we 're going after them . Call for transport when you have them . We 'll meet you on the ship . Janeway to Voyager . Three to beam up . I can 't get a lock on you . The Array has irradiated the planet 's crust . We can 't find the breaches in the security barrier . Come on . There 's only one other way out of here . Janeway to Paris . The transporters aren 't working . You 'll have to find a breach in the barrier when you get to the top . - Understood . - We 're a few minutes behind you . I see them ! - Took you long enough . - How could I let down my only friend ? What makes you think I 'm your friend ? - Paris to Janeway . We found them . - Don 't wait for us . Get them to safety . Don 't worry . We can get through the barrier . Whatever you do , don 't touch it . We 've been told it will burn your skin off . They 're not far ahead of us . Keep going . - I think we 've reached the top . - Neelix , get out your phaser . Voyager , can you get a lock on us now ? Yes , but I 'm reading only five signals . The others are ... Get down ! Paris to Janeway . Chakotay , Tuvok , do you read ? Voyager , transport everyone in this group except me . You 're not thinking of going back there ? Well , if a fool needs company ... Take care of them , dear . I 'll see you later . Make that three to beam up . Lock in on the other combadge and energise . - My leg is broken . I can 't move . - Hold on . - Here they are . - Neelix , help me with Tuvok . I 'll get Chakotay . - Get out of here , before it collapses ! - I intend to . As soon as I get you up . You get on those stairs , they 'll collapse ! We 'll both die ! Yeah ... But on the other hand , if I save your butt your life belongs to me . Isn 't that some kind of Indian custom ? Wrong tribe . I don 't believe you . You 'd rather die than let me be the one to rescue you ? Fine . Be a fool . If I have to die , at least I 'll have the pleasure of watching you go with me . Isn 't there an Indian trick where you turn yourself into a bird and fly us out of here ? You 're too heavy . - Bridge to Janeway . - Go ahead . Two Kazon ships approaching the Array . Set a course . I 'm on my way . - We 've gotta get back to our ship . - I strongly advise you to rest . I won 't be held responsible if you don 't . - Is the crew always this difficult ? - I don 't know , Doc . It 's my first mission . Don 't they know to turn off the program when they leave ? Bring the weapons systems on-line . Powering up phaser banks and photon systems . Red Alert . - The lead Kazon ship is hailing us . - On screen . Are you investigating the entity 's odd behaviour too ? All we care about is getting home . We 're transporting over to see if we can arrange it . - I cannot permit that . - We have no dispute with you . - You would challenge us . - This is ridiculous . We have no intention to do so . I will not let anyone with your technology board the Array . Jabin , can we discuss this like two civilised ... - They 're powering up their weapons . - I guess we can 't . Shields are holding . Fire phasers . Evasive pattern , Delta 4 . Janeway to Chakotay . Tuvok and I are beaming to the Array . Can you hold off the Kazon ? - I think so , Captain . - Good . - Mr Paris , take the conn . - Yes , ma 'am . Maintain transporter locks , Ensign . Emergency beam-out status . The data processing system is behind this wall , Captain . You know what to do . Well ... you 're nothing if not persistent . We need you to send us back where we came from . That isn 't possible . I 've barely enough strength to complete my work . You 're sealing the conduits before you die . If I don 't , the Kazon will steal the water . But in a few years when the Ocampa 's energy runs out , it won 't matter . They 'll be forced to the surface and they won 't be able to survive . Something you did turned their planet into a desert , didn 't it ? That was the " debt that could never be repaid " . We 're explorers from another galaxy . We had no idea our technology would be so destructive to their atmosphere . Two of us were chosen to stay behind and care for them . - There 's another like you here ? - Not any more . No , no . She ... She went off to look for more interesting places . Why were you bringing ships here , infecting people with a fatal illness ? They didn 't die of an illness . They died because they were incompatible . Incompatible ? I 've been searching the galaxy for a compatible biomolecular pattern . Now , in some individuals I found cellular structures that were similar , but I ... - You 've been trying to procreate ? - I needed someone to replace me . Someone who 'd understand the responsibility of caring for the Ocampa . Only my offspring could do that . Did you ever consider allowing the Ocampa to care for themselves ? - They 're children . - Children have to grow up . We 're explorers too . The species we 've encountered have overcome adversity without a caretaker . It 's the challenge of surviving on their own that helps them to evolve . Maybe your children will do better than you think . - Voyager to Janeway . - Go ahead . We 've got problems here . - The Kazon just got some back up . - Can you hold them off ? We 'll do our best . Kim out . Their weapons array has been hit . They 're in trouble . Neither of us can stop that ship . I 'm setting a collision course but the guidance system is down . I 'll have to pilot manually . Have the crew beam to Voyager . And drop shields for transport . Paris , my crew 's coming over . Tell one of your crack transporter chiefs to keep a lock on me . I 'm gonna try and take some heat off your tail . Don 't think for a second this makes us even . Your life is still mine . Paris out . I 'm holding the lock on him , sir , but he 's getting too close . - I 'm getting you out of there , Chakotay . - Not yet ! You 're breaking up . Stand by to beam out . Wait ! Now ! - Transporter room 2 , do you have him ? - They 've got me . I can access the system to send us back to Federation space , but it will take several hours to activate . - Unless you help us . - Oh , I wish I could but I have very little time left , so I have initiated a self-destruct program . Then we 'll have no way to get home . The Ocampa 's enemies cannot be allowed to control this installation . In minutes , it will be destroyed . You have to go . Go now . The Caretaker ? Voyager , report . Kazon vessel just collided with the Array , Captain . - Are you all right ? - Affirmative . Stand by . The self-destruct program has been damaged . Now this installation will not be destroyed . But it must be . The Kazon must not be allowed to gain control of it . They will annihilate the Ocampa . Shall I activate the program to get us back ? And what happens to the Ocampa after we 're gone ? Captain ... Any action we take to protect the Ocampa would affect the balance of power in this system . The Prime Directive would seem to apply . Would it ? We never asked to be involved , Tuvok . But we are . We are . - Tuvok , ready the tricobalt devices . - Aye . - Open a channel to the Kazon . - Channel open . Be advised , I have called for additional ships . I 'm warning you to move your vessels to a safe distance . - I intend to destroy the Array . - You can 't do that ! I can and I will . End transmission . They 're increasing fire . Shields are holding . - Move us 400 km from the Array , Paris . - Yes , ma 'am . What are you doing ? That Array is our only way home ! I 'm aware everyone has loved ones they want to get back to . So do I. But I won 't trade the lives of the Ocampa for our convenience . - We 'll have to find another way home . - What other way ? - Who is she to decide for all of us ? - She 's the captain . - The tricobalt devices are ready . - We 're in position . Fire . - The lead Kazon ship is hailing us . - On screen . You have made an enemy today . They are withdrawing , Captain . Come in . - You asked to see me , Captain . - Mr Paris ... You have a problem . I 've invited Chakotay and the Maquis to join this crew . It seemed the only reasonable thing to do . Will you provide a bodyguard for me ? - It seems you already have one . - I do ? Chakotay said something about his life belonging to you ? He 'll be taking responsibility for your safety . - I think I 'm going to enjoy this . - Don 't be so sure . He 'll also be my first officer . Everyone aboard this ship will report to him . Including the lieutenant assigned to conn . Me ? I 've entered into the ship 's log on this date that I 'm granting a field commission of lieutenant to Thomas Eugene Paris . Congratulations . For the first time in my life I don 't know what to say . You 've earned this , Tom . I 'm only sorry your father won 't know . Oh , he 'll know . When we get back . Captain ! We were just coming to see you . We supplied your ship with water , it 's ready to go . Well , you see , that 's what we wanted to discuss . We 'd like to go with you . - I 'm sorry . This isn 't a passenger ship . - We won 't be passengers . - We 'd be valuable colleagues . - Colleagues ? Whatever you need is what I have to offer . You need a guide ? I 'm your guide . You need supplies ? I know where to get them . I have friends among races you don 't even know exist . You need a cook ? Wait until you taste my angla 'bosque . It will be my job to anticipate your needs before you know you have them . And I anticipate your first need will be me . Captain , we both want very much to be a part of your journey . We 're alone in an uncharted part of the galaxy . We 've already made some friends here ... and some enemies . We have no idea of the dangers we 're going to face . But one thing is clear . Both crews are going to have to work together if we 're to survive . That 's why Commander Chakotay and I have agreed this should be one crew . A Starfleet crew . And as the only Starfleet vessel in the Delta Quadrant , we 'll continue to follow our directive to seek out new worlds and explore space . But our primary goal is clear . Even at maximum speeds , it would take 75 years to reach the Federation . But I 'm not willing to settle for that . There 's another entity like the Caretaker out there , with the ability to get us there faster . We 'll be looking for her . And for wormholes , spatial rifts or new technologies to help us . Somewhere along this journey , we 'll find a way back . Mr Paris , set a course for home . Aye , Captain .
