 He hasn 't left me with a single shot . - In that case , call a safety . - Safety ? It 's a defensive strategy . You can 't make a shot , so leave the cue ball where Tuvok can 't either . - That sounds cowardly . - Suit yourself , pal . But if you leave Vulcan Slim with an open shot , he 'll run the table . All right . Safety . Let 's see you reason your way out of this conundrum . This safety business is satisfying . I 've left him with an impossible shot . The shot may be difficult , but " impossible " is an exaggeration . Go ahead , then . Call your shot . If I strike the cue ball properly , it will deflect off the rear bumper , then the side , then cause the eleven ball to roll into the corner pocket . This I have to see . Perhaps the ship 's stabilisers are not operating efficiently . Maybe Tom Terrific here forgot to mention that the table runs to the east . You should have called a safety . Neelix , please report to the bridge . You wanted to see me , Captain ? We 've received a message from an approaching vessel . - They 're asking for you . - Me ? - The ship is entering visual range . - Slow to impulse . On screen . Do you recognise it ? - That 's a Haakonian shuttle . - Haakonian ? My people were at war with them for almost a decade . They conquered my Homeworld more than 15 years ago . What would the Haakonians want with you now ? - No idea . - The shuttle is hailing us . - Open a channel . - Channel open . I 'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . - What can we do for you ? - As I stated in my message , I understand you have a Talaxian called Neelix aboard . - I 'm Neelix . What do you want ? - It is a matter of utmost urgency . However , I would prefer to speak with you privately . Your life may very well depend upon it . - Who are you ? - Forgive me . I am Jetrel . Dr Ma 'Bor Jetrel . Neelix . He 's a mass murderer ! When I was much younger , my family and I lived on a moon called Rinax , a colony with the most temperate climate in the Talaxian System . Warm days , balmy nights . Until the metreon cascade . Melodic name , isn 't it ? Especially for a weapon of mass destruction . And Jetrel was involved with this weapon ? Dr Jetrel was the scientist who conceived the metreon cascade , then he led the team of scientists who built it . - I see . - In the blink of an eye , Rinax was enveloped by a deadly cloud . Those lovely days turned into one endless , frigid night . More than 300,000 were killed . But you survived . I had the good fortune to be on Talax at the time , with our defence forces , preparing for an invasion that never came . It wasn 't necessary . The day after the cascade was deployed , Talax surrendered unconditionally to the Haakonian Order . And your family ? I am so sorry . Dr Jetrel . Lieutenant Tuvok , my chief of security . I have heard of your transporter technology , but to experience it first-hand is truly remarkable . - Mr Neelix has declined to meet you . - That 's not surprising . I am not a very popular figure among the Talaxian people . May we show you to your quarters ? Mr Neelix has allowed me to speak on his behalf . You said he may be in danger . It 's imperative that he undergo a medical examination . - For what purpose ? - Records show he returned to Rinax after the cascade in order to evacuate survivors . He was exposed to metreon isotopes . Several rescuers have developed a blood disease called metremia . - Is it serious ? - I 'm afraid that it 's fatal . The disease attacks on a molecular level . It may lay dormant for years , but once it manifests itself , it will cause the body 's atomic structure to undergo fission . The cells will disintegrate . My equipment can detect the subatomic signature of the disorder . Why have you taken it upon yourself to examine Mr Neelix ? I 've evaluated as many members of the team as possible in the hope that my research will lead to a cure . Please try to persuade Mr Neelix to see me . Each Talaxian I screen brings me one step closer to a cure . Why didn 't you ever tell me about the war ? Maybe this is one experience that can 't be shared . It 's too ... hard to describe how I feel to someone who didn 't see what I saw . - I 'm sorry . - You 've nothing to be sorry about . - Excuse me . - Back from the doctor 's already ? I 'm afraid I have some disturbing news , Neelix . Nothing you tell me could make this day more disturbing than it 's been . Jetrel says you were exposed to dangerous levels of metreon poisoning , and may develop a fatal blood disorder . He wants to screen you for the disease . Captain , please tell Dr Jetrel that I am touched by his concern for my state of health , but that I 'd rather be immersed in a pit of eels than be examined by him . If there 's something wrong we should know . I don 't want that man within ten parsecs of me . I understand your feelings , but this is your life . Don 't either of you find it the slightest bit strange that a man who has made it his life 's work to destroy as many Talaxians as possible should suddenly be concerned with this Talaxians health ? I don 't know what his motives are . Maybe he 's trying to undo some of the damage his weapon caused . He seems sincere and I have no reason to doubt him . If the disease is fatal , what 's the point of knowing if I have it ? Our Doctor is the most skilled physician we 've ever met . If you have this disease , he won 't stop until he 's found a way to treat it . And if you don 't have the disease , at least you 'll have peace of mind . Peace of mind is a relative thing , Captain . Just hear what he has to say . Then if you still don 't want him to examine you , we won 't force you . Outnumbered and outflanked . All right , then . I surrender . The metreon isotopes are unique . Their rate of decay is highly variable . It 's sometimes years before metremia sets in . - And ... - Why are you doing this ? - I beg your pardon ? - Is it all just scientific curiosity , metreons and isotopes ? Or do you feel guilty about what you did ? Guilty ? I do not regret it . I did what had to be done . Really ? It was necessary to vaporise a quarter of a million people and leave thousands of others to be poisoned ? Would it help if I said we never thought there would be any radiation poisoning , that anyone close enough to be exposed would be killed by the blast ? - It was unfortunate we were wrong . - Unfortunate ? Did you hear that , Captain ? It was " unfortunate " . - I think what Dr Jetrel is saying ... - It 's all right . I 'm used to it . I 'm simply a scientist . Yes , I developed the weapon . But the government and the military leaders decided to use it , not I. That must be a very convenient distinction for you . Does it help you sleep at night ? I slept no worse last night than any other night for the past 15 years . - What does that mean ? - That I must live with my conscience . As you must live with yours . How many did you kill during the war ? Gentlemen , please . This is obviously very difficult , but we are not here to debate history . We are here to discuss Neelix 's condition . Don 't worry about it , Captain . Dr Jetrel will have to find himself another laboratory rodent . Because I would rather die than help you ease your conscience . I do not expect you to like me , Mr Neelix , nor do I hope to allay your obvious pain with moral arguments . But I do believe I can help you . If not you , others of your race . Isn 't that more important than punishing me ? Are you sure you can 't do this ? Your confidence in me is flattering , Mr Neelix . But Dr Jetrel 's instruments are made to analyse Talaxian physiology . Just get it over with . Did I ever tell you about the notorious two-tailed talchoks of Rinax ? - I don 't think so . - Nasty little vermin . Sharp claws . Dripping fangs . Quite a nuisance . So one summer , when I was a boy , I decided to do something about them . I spent weeks tinkering , creating a foolproof talchok trap . Once I perfected it , I set it in the garden . The next day I found one of those beasts , pinned at the neck . But it wasn 't dead . It was squirming and squealing in agony . It didn 't look so fiendish any more . It looked like a poor , innocent animal . - What a horrible story . - I was so fascinated with my invention that I never thought about how that creature would suffer . - Are you finished ? - For now . - So am I. - And ? - I 'm sorry , Mr Neelix . - Why are you sorry ? I 'm afraid you have incipient metremia . Come in . - How are you feeling ? - Kes , my sweet . This is not the first time I 've stared into the gaping maw of death . During the Battle of the Pyrithian Gorge , I faced down an entire battery of Haakonian artillery . - There I was , with almost no cover ... - You 're protecting me again . I understand your not wanting to talk about Rinax . I wasn 't there . You 're right . But I 'm here now . With you . We have to face this together . There 's one good thing that will come from all this . When I first met you , I didn 't know that your species only lived nine years . I fell in love with you without knowing how lonely it would be to live without you after you 're gone . Now that I 'm going to die first , I don 't have to worry about it . Before I met you , nine years seemed like an eternity . It never occurred to me that anyone could live longer . Now , no matter how many years we have left , it doesn 't seem like enough . But the important thing is to cherish whatever time we have . Whether it 's a day or a decade . - Come in . - Am I interrupting ? Please . Sit down . Captain , I must tell you , your ship is simply astounding . - I 've been studying your transporters . - Transporters ? You 're not more concerned with Neelix ? Forgive me , but that is what I 'm here to talk about . With relatively few minor modifications , the transporter could be used to retrieve a sample of the metreon cloud . - To what end ? - I 've always believed that if I could isolate the isotope that causes metremia , it could be used to synthesise an antibody . A victim 's immune system could destroy the disease . Yes , and your transporter system makes it all possible . - Can the isotope be transported ? - Yes . A containment field would prevent contamination . Our Doctor could help you synthesise the antibody . My thoughts exactly . - Janeway to bridge . - Chakotay here . Tractor Dr Jetrel 's vessel in and lay in a course for the Talaxian System . - That 's a significant detour . - I 'm aware of that . - But it may mean saving Neelix 's life . - Understood . I 'll request permission from Talax to transport material . Lieutenant Torres can help you with the transporter modifications . - Thank you , Captain . - Thank you , Dr Jetrel . It 's a very promising idea . What is it ? I think I 'm just a little overexcited about the prospect of discovering a cure . And all that sparring with Mr Neelix does take a toll . - Let the Doctor have a look at you . - No , I 'm fine . And there 's so much to be done . I want to start right away . Captain 's log , stardate 48832.1 . Neelix is allowing Dr Jetrel to continue metabolic scans to facilitate treatment once the antibody has been synthesised . - Will you be needing my assistance ? - Not until we have the isotope . Is there anything more I can do for you ? Very well . Computer , override command 1-EMH-Alpha . End program . Incredible . A hologram that can deactivate itself . Is there anything besides science that makes your heart beat faster ? Not anymore . Now will you please sit down ? You know what I 've been thinking ? If I 'd been in charge of the cascade , I 'd have ... I don 't know ... chosen a military target , simply deployed it on an uninhabited planet . Somehow I don 't think I 'd have targeted innocent civilians . The strategists did not think a demonstration would work . They wanted to show the cascade 's power in all its horror . You should have tried to stop them ! Why didn 't you speak out ? People would have listened to you . It would not have made any difference . If I had not discovered the cascade , it would have been someone else . It was inevitable , one discovery flowing naturally to the next . Something so enormous as science will not stop for something as small as man . - So you did it for science ? - For my planet . And yes , for science . To know whether or not it could be done . It 's good to know how the world works . It is not possible to be a scientist unless you believe that all the universe 's knowledge and all its power is of intrinsic value to everyone . And one must share that knowledge and allow it to be applied . And then be willing to live with the consequences . Consequences ? Who are you to talk about consequences ? You are not the only one to lose family during the war . - Your family was killed ? - Nothing as clean as death . When I returned home after the cascade to my lovely wife , Ka 'Ree , she could not bear to look at me . When I reached out for her , she 'd pull away , as if I had some contagious disease . You see , like you , she thought I had become a monster . Shortly after that , she took my three children . And I have not seen them since . That 's a sad story , Jetrel . But let me tell you another one . A man goes back to Rinax after the cascade . Back to what had been his home . To look for survivors . But the impact of the blast has set off fires and there 's nothing there . Just smouldering ruins . The stench of seared flesh . But in the distance , in the middle of the emptiness , from out of this huge cloud of billowing dust , he can see bodies moving . Whimpering . Coming toward him . They 're monsters , their flesh horribly charred , the colour of shale . One of them comes toward him ... mangled arms outstretched ... and he can 't help it , he turns away , frightened . But then the thing speaks . He knows by the sound of her voice that she 's not a monster , but a child . A little girl . Mr Neelix , I ... Her name was Palaxia . We brought her back to Talax with the other survivors . Over the next few weeks I stayed at her bedside , and watched her wither away . Those are consequences , Dr Jetrel . There is no way I can ever apologise to you , Mr Neelix . That 's why I have not tried . Did you ever think that maybe your wife was right ? That you had become a monster ? Yes . The day we tested the cascade , when I saw that blinding light , brighter than 1,000 suns , I knew at that moment exactly what I had become . I hope you have to live with that a very long time . I 'm afraid you will not get your wish , Mr Neelix . And why is that ? I have advanced metremia . I 'll be dead in a matter of days . - It 's your turn . - There 's no open shot . Why don 't you call a safety ? Isn 't that what you always do ? - I 'm no coward . - Really ? Wait ! It 's my turn ! You lost your chance to play , now you 're going to lose . Neelix , where did you go ? Why did you leave us ? - I did what I thought was right . - You were afraid . No ! I ... - Neelix . - Who are you ? It 's me . Palaxia . Why weren 't you there to help us ? You ! You did this ! Butcher ! Bridge to Neelix . Here , Captain . I thought you 'd like to know , we 're approaching Rinax . Neelix ? Thank you , Captain . I 'll be right there . Entering synchronous orbit , Captain . Hard to believe that on clear nights you could look up from Talax and see the shimmering lights of the colony . The night of the cascade , a bright flash cut across the sky , so blinding that people threw themselves to the ground . And everything stopped . Like a moment out of time . We all looked up to see where the flash had come from . But the sky seemed oddly empty . Took most of us a few seconds to realise it was because Rinax was ... gone . The moon was there . We just couldn 't see it because of that metreon cloud . Engineering to bridge . We 're ready to begin transporter presequencing . This brings back too many memories , Captain . If you 'll excuse me . Of course . I believe I asked for a larger container . We 're talking about a cloud sample large enough to contain a few sub-atomic particles , right ? Yes , but the isotope accounts for just a minuscule fraction of the cloud . - I want to be sure we get enough . - We do this all the time . Captain , I 'm ready to begin transport . - Proceed . - Targeting scanners . Locking on . Energise . We have the sample aboard . The containment field is holding . Well done . Janeway out . Good luck , Doctor . Neelix ? Are you in here ? I 've been looking for you everywhere . Why did you take your combadge off ? - I wanted to be alone . - I 'm sorry to bother you . But I was worried . I know how you must feel . No , you don 't know ! Not everything . You don 't know where I was the night Rinax was destroyed . On Talax , fighting with the defence forces . I was on Talax . But I wasn 't fighting with the defence forces . I was hiding from them . I wasn 't a hero at the Battle of the Pyrithian Gorge . - I 've never even been there . - I don 't understand . - I never reported for duty . - Why not ? I thought the war was unjust . That Talax was fighting for reasons that weren 't worth killing for . Or at least that 's what I told myself . But the real reason I didn 't report was because I was a coward . Now you know . If the authorities had caught you , what would they have done ? During wartime , punishment for refusing military service was death . So you put your life at risk for something you believed in . And you think that makes you a coward ? I don 't understand . It makes me a liar . I 've lied about it all these years . To everyone . - Because you 're dishonest ? - Because I 'm ashamed . What an awful burden you 've carried all these years . - No wonder you 're so angry with Jetrel . - Course I am ! He killed them all . My mother , my father , my little brothers . Is that really why ? Ever since Jetrel came on board you 've despised him . The hurt and anger you 've held in all these years was vented at him . But was it really Jetrel you 're angry with ? Is he the one you blame for what happened ? - I don 't know . - Or was he just a convenient target to keep you from looking somewhere else ? You mean ... from looking at myself ? You may be right . But I hate him . I don 't think I can stop hating him . Maybe you have to stop hating yourself first . Are we ready to begin synthesis ? Computer , override command 1-EMH-Alpha and end program . Just wait ... - Dr Jetrel . - You startled me ! - I 'm sorry but I need to speak ... - Could we talk later ? It won 't be long before I am too weak to work . I would like to finish before I die . What is that ? You 're engaging in some bizarre experiment , aren 't you ? - What is it this time ? - I can help them . What do you call that ? Scientific progress ? I 'm going to the Captain . - Any progress report from Dr Jetrel ? - Not yet . Bridge to sickbay . Janeway to sickbay . Janeway to Dr Jetrel . Computer , activate Emergency Medical Hologram . What 's going on down there , Doctor ? Dr Jetrel deactivated me . He 's gone now . Computer , locate Dr Jetrel . Dr Jetrel is in transporter room 1 . And Mr Neelix is unconscious . It appears he 's been tranquillised . You have the bridge . Security to transporter room 1 . Tuvok . - Step aside , Doctor . - I must continue . Lives depend on it . You 're beginning to lose credibility . Captain , I beg you . Let me bring them back . Bring who back ? Who , Doctor ? Who is it you 're going to bring back ? The victims of Rinax . - He 's out of his mind , Captain . - Please . Look at my calculations . You remember what I told you about metremia . How it causes the body 's atomic structure to undergo fission . It mirrors the way the metreon cascade vaporised its victims through biomolecular disintegration . - Do we have to listen to this ? - I think we should hear him out . What I 've been working on for the past 15 years is a way to rebuild that atomic structure . What I call regenerative fusion . Are you saying you 're actually trying to restore people who were vaporised by the metreon cascade ? - Yes ! - I don 't see how that 's possible . The properties of the cloud are such that the disassembled bio-matter has been held in a state of animated suspension . Reintegration is possible . Is that what you were doing with that thing in sickbay ? Yes . Exactly . Neelix saw it . It was an amalgamation of randomly fused organic material , bits and pieces of previously vaporised bio-matter . But if the bio-matter in the cloud is so random , so jumbled , how could you reconstruct something whole ? I identified the genetic coding of a specific victim . A test case . Once we input his DNA sequence , then we can isolate his atomic fragments with targeting scanners and then rematerialise him . What if he 's right ? Dr Jetrel 's proposing the reconstruction of a complex set of bio-systems from billions of subatomic particles . I 'm afraid I have to agree . It all sounds very implausible . You sound exactly like my country . I asked them for more funds to continue my research to help Rinax victims because I wanted the world to know I 'm not a monster . My theories can be used to heal as well as to destroy . But they refused me , called me a Talaxian sympathiser , and exiled me . Does Neelix really have metremia ? Or was that just a pretext for getting us to come to Rinax ? It was just a pretext , Captain . You do not have metremia . You are not going to die . Why didn 't you just tell us the truth ? Your Captain is an accomplished scientist . She doubts my theories . My government did , too . I just could not risk being not believed again . But , Captain ... it will work . Captain , if there 's any chance he can do it , you 've got to let him try . Neelix , there are just too many variables . Please , Captain . Activate the emergency containment field around the transporter pad . Aye , Captain . Emergency containment field activated . Retarget scanners to a wide confinement beam . It 's our only hope of achieving bond cohesion . - Retargeting scanners to wide beam . - Energise . Phase transition coils to maximum . - Is the biogenic field operational ? - Affirmative . It 's incredible ! Atomic cohesion has dropped to 49 % . - Buffers to maximum power . - They are at 100 % . - Take them to 120 % . - Pattern buffers to 120 % . - We 're losing him . - Atomic cohesion to 39 % . 22 % . 14 % . - His pattern is degrading . - Increase the power to the buffers ! Is there any way to augment the biogenic field ? The degree of fragmentation is too great . We are overloading the system . Shut it down , Mr Tuvok . Captain 's log , stardate 48840.5 . Dr Jetrel 's metremia is now in its final stage . He 's spending his remaining hours in sickbay . Neelix ! I suppose you think this is a fitting punishment for me . Maybe the cascade was a punishment for all of us . For our hatred . Our brutality . There 's something I need to tell you . I tried to tell you before , but ... What is it ? I want to tell you ... that I forgive you .
