 Sorry about that . Come on in . I rode up on the elevator with someone . Someone from next door , I think . - Young guy ? - Yeah . - New neighbor . Why ? - You met him ? - Briefly . He 's a writer . - What 's he write ? He didn 't say . He didn 't say . These are my autopsy reports from the second victim . The heart was removed in the same manner as the previous victim . No incisions , no scope marks , no cutting of any kind . No indication of how the killer did it ? There are no prints , no DNA material , no hair in fiber . Yet you still refuse to believe that this is psychic surgery ? Psychic surgery is a man dipping his hand in a bucket of chicken guts , pretending to remove tumors from the sick and gullible . Or it 's a grossly misunderstood area of alternative medicine . Or it 's a grossly misunderstood area of alternative medicine . Medicine as you 're referring to it is about keeping people alive . Absent another theory , how do we account for the extraction of this man 's heart ? I don 't know . I have no idea . We have no evidence , no MO to speak of . This could be the perfect crime . A crime is only as perfect as the man or the mind that commits it . Even if it were , and he made no mistakes , there 's still his motive . You find his motive and you find the murderer . - That 's why I didn 't wanna come . - I 'm not doing anything . - You 're thinking about it . - There 's a console between us . - You make it sound like I 'm an attacker . - We talked about this . I told you I Ioved you . Oh , Kevin . - There you go again . - What ? - That thing you do . You know what I mean . - That 's how I kiss , Maggie . - I get the message . - Where are you going ? - I can 't talk to you . - Maggie ... Maggie ? Maggie , come on ! No ! No ! - Scully . - glad I caught you . We got a third victim . 16-year-old kid out on lovers ' lane . - Are you sure ? - Yeah . Many have had their hearts broken out here , but not Iike this . I was hoping you 'd be here to explain it in medical terms to the local PD . I 'm not sure that I could . - Did anybody see anybody ? - No , nothing . There 's nowhere to start on this case . Nothing to ask , nothing to say . There 's got to be something , Mulder . Something about his victims . Why he chooses them , a pattern . So far there 's nothing . It appears to be just a series of random attacks . An envelope 's come under your door . - From who ? - It 's unmarked . It 's some kind of a pendant . Like a charm . Her prompt mind ran through the Golconda of possibilities . Was this trinket from the killer ? Was there a message contained in its equivocal symbolism ? Was he a religious fanatic who had licked the envelope , leaving the telltale DNA that would begin his unraveling ? She had a condign certainty the killer was a male , and now , as she held the cold metal , she imagined him doing the same , trying to picture his face . It would be a plain face , an average face , a face people would be prone to trust . She knew this inherently , being trusting herself . But her image was no better than the useless sketch composites that littered her files . Preconsciously , she knew this wasn 't her strength as an investigator . She was a marshal of cold facts , quick to organize , connect , shuffle , reorder and synthesize the relative hard values into discrete categories . Imprecision would only invite sexist criticism that she was soft , malleable , not up to her male counterparts . Even now , as she pushed an errant strand of Titian hair behind her ear , she worried her partner would know instinctively what she could only guess . To be thought of as simply a beautiful woman was bridling , unthinkable . But she was beautiful . Fatally , stunningly prepossessing . Yet the respect she commanded only deepened the yearnings of her heart , to let it open , to let someone in . It 's called a milagro . It 's a Spanish word for " miracle . " - It 's worn as a lucky charm . - It came here for me ? It was dropped off at reception by a man in his late 20s , early 30s . Average looking , average build . They didn 't get a good ID . There are no fingerprints and no DNA from his saliva . There are no fingerprints and no DNA from his saliva . - I don 't think it 's the killer . - Did you see that it 's a burning heart ? I see the heart , but this is a killer that leaves no clues . This is too heavy-handed . Maybe it has something to do with his next victim and he 's taunting you . Maybe it 's not me at all . Maybe he sent it to you . Maybe it 's a secret admirer . - I 'II check it out . - No , Iet me . You 've got a 9am with the DC medical examiner . He 's gonna let you autopsy the latest victim . Thank you for making my schedule , but I 'II have to be late for that appointment . I often come here to look at this painting . It 's called " My Divine Heart , " after the miracle of St Margaret Mary . Do you know the story ? The revelation of the Sacred Heart ? Christ came to Margaret Mary , his heart so inflamed with love that it was no Ionger able to contain its burning flames of charity . Margaret Mary , so filled with divine love herself , asked the Lord to take her heart . And so he did , placing it alongside his until it burned with the flames of his passion . Then he restored it to Margaret Mary , sealing her wound with a touch of his blessed hand . Why are you telling me this ? You came here specifically to see this , didn 't you ? Yes . How did you know that ? I saw you enter . The way you knew right where it was . I know you . You live next to somebody I work with . - Why are you following me ? - I 'm not . I 'd only imagined that you 'd come here today . You imagined it ? I 'm a writer . That 's what I do : imagine how people behave . I have to admit I 've noticed you . I do that . Notice people . I saw the gold cross around your neck , so I took a chance with the painting , explaining something you may already know . I saw Georgetown parking permits on your car dating from 1993 and a government sticker that lets you park where you Iike . You don 't live in this area , but as a federal employee you have reason to frequent it . You don 't live in this area , but as a federal employee you have reason to frequent it . You 're fit , with muscular calves , so you must exercise or run . There 's a running route nearby that you might use at lunch or after work . You 'd have noticed this church in passing . Though parking is a problem in this part of town , your special privileges would make it easy to visit . Not as a place of worship , but because you have an appreciation for architecture and the arts . And while the grandeur is what you take away from your visit , this painting 's religious symbolism would have left a subconscious impression , jogged by the gift you received this morning . - That was from you ? - I have to admit to a secret attraction . I 'm sorry I didn 't include a note , but you didn 't know me then . And I don 't know you now . And I don 't care to . I see this is making you uncomfortable , and I 'm sorry . It 's just that I 'm taken with you . That never happens to me . We 're alike that way . You weren 't joking ' about being late . I was about to start slicing ' and dicing ' myself . - I 'm sorry . - Where were you ? I was doing some research and learning that I owe you an apology . - For what ? - The milagro charm . You were right about its insignificance . I think I was wrong . It 's very significant . It may be a communication from the killer . My research shows that credible practitioners of psychic surgery believe they 're imbued with the Holy Spirit , that their hands are the miracle tools of God . Mulder , this is nothing more than a tool used by a lovelorn Romeo who just happens to be your next-door neighbor . - Who , the writer ? - Yes . My secret admirer , who claims to know the mysteries of my heart . - You 're kidding . - I wish I were . He cornered me today and told me my Iife story . It was kind of frightening , actually . - Is he our killer ? - No . Frightening , as in too much information and intimate detail . What kills you is his audacity . Did you get his name ? No , but that shouldn 't be too hard to find out . - I 'm sorry , I forgot your name . - Padgett . - Phillip Padgett . - You 're a writer . - Anything I 'd know ? - I don 't think so . You 're an FBI agent . Working on anything interesting ? - A murder case . - Anything I 'd know ? - A murder case . - Anything I 'd know ? Possibly . The overture in the church urged the beautiful agent 's partner into an act of Hegelian self-justification . Expeditiously violating the Fourth Amendment against mail theft , he prepared to impudently infract the First . But if she 'd predictably aroused her sly partner 's suspicions , Special Agent Dana Scully had herself become simply aroused . The stranger 's unsought compliments played the dampened strings of her instrument , until the middle C of consciousness was struck square and resonant . She was flattered . His words had presented her a pretty picture of herself , unlike the practiced mask of uprightness mirrored back to her from the medical examiners , the investigators , and all the Iawmen who dared no such utterances . She felt an involuntary flush and rebuked herself for the girlish indulgence . But the images came perforce and she let them play . Let them flood in like savory , or more , a sugary confection from her adolescence when her senses were new and ungoverned by fear and self-denial . " Ache . " " Pang . " " Prick . " " Twinge . " How ironic the Victorian vocabulary of behavioral pathology now so perfectly described the palpations of her own desire . The stranger had looked her in the eye and knew her more completely than she knew herself . She felt wild , feral , guilty as a criminal . Had the stranger unleashed in her what was already there , or only helped her discover a landscape she 'd by necessity blinded herself to ? What would her partner think of her ? Mr Popularity . Hi . I ... I was going next door and I thought that I 'd return this . Why ? Because I can 't return the gesture . - I can 't . - You 're curious about me . You don 't have any furniture . I have what I need . I write at my desk . I sleep in my bed . - You don 't eat ? - I Iive in my head . - Writing your books . - Yes . - Anything I 'd know ? - No . They 're all failures . Except the one I 'm working on now . I think I 'm getting it right . - Why now , all of a sudden ? - Best not to question it . See ? You are curious about me . - You lead a curious life . - It 's not so different from yours , I imagine . Lonely . Loneliness is a choice . So how about a cup of coffee ? - My life 's not so lonely , Mr ... - Padgett . It 's actually anything but . How is it you think you know me so well ? - I 'm writing about you . - Right . - Since when ? - Since I first noticed you . You live in my old neighborhood . And you moved into this building by coincidence ? - No . - You moved here because of me . There was nothing available in your building . And it 's not Iike you spend a Iot of time at home . I should have said something but I couldn 't get it down fast enough . To really write someone , I have to be in their head . I have to know them more than they know themselves . - This is all about me ? - You 're an important part . - May I read it ? - It 's not finished . I can 't tell you how helpful it is being able to talk with you Iike this . Would you sit and stay a minute ? You don 't have anywhere to sit . - I 'm due next door . - You haven 't finished your coffee . I 'm very uncomfortable with this . Why ? You 're armed , aren 't you ? Imagine that . I 'II get a bulb . A view only a writer can appreciate . If you know me so well , why am I standing here when my instincts tell me to go ? Motive is never easy . Sometimes it occurs to one only later . please . Sit . Imagine that . What are you doing ? - You all right ? - Yes . What are you doing ? Putting this man under arrest . Yes , I 've seen this paper . That 's how you found your victims . - They all took out personal ads . - They were lovers . - And you targeted them . - I only write about them . No , you targeted ... - Not without his lawyer . - I don 't need one . I 'm telling the truth . And this is your confession ? No , it 's my novel . It 's all in there . Every detail , every murder , all laid out . - How 'd you do it , Mr Padgett ? - If I sit long enough , it comes to me . The murders . I only knew what was in my mind and wished to express it clearly . How about " the stranger " ? Is that you ? - How about Ken Naciamento ? - Self-proclaimed Brazilian psychic surgeon ? - Is that your accomplice ? - You could say that . - He 's a central character . - Did you direct him ? Jungians would say that the characters choose the writer , so I guess you could argue he directed me . Which is the truth ? Words are imprecise and layered with meaning . They 're signs of things , not things themselves . It 's difficult to say who 's in charge . Why , Mr Padgett ? Maybe that 's a question you can answer . That 's the one question I can 't . Agent Mulder ? My book . Did you Iike it ? Maybe if it were fiction . - Where are you going ? - To find the Brazilian psychic surgeon . I did that . That 's what I 've been doing . Dr Ken Naciamento , Sao Paulo , Brazil . Emigrated here in 1996 . Dr Ken Naciamento , Sao Paulo , Brazil . Emigrated here in 1996 . - Where is he now ? - Dead . - He can 't be . - Two years dead . - They 're faxing me a death certificate . - Padgett couldn 't have done it alone . Maybe he didn 't do it at all . It 's all on the page . How else would he know it ? Maybe he imagined it , Iike he said . Like Shakespeare or Freud or Jung . Maybe he has some gift , and he has a clear window into human nature . No one can predict human behavior or tell you what a person will do . Isn 't that what you do , as a behavioral profiler ? You imagine the killer 's mind so well that you know what they 'II do next . If he imagines it , it 's a priori , before the fact . I think that 's pretty clear from what he wrote about you . - You know you 're in here , don 't you ? - I read a chapter . What does he say ? It ends with you doing the naked pretzel with " the stranger " on a bed in an unfurnished fourth-floor apartment . I 'm assuming that 's a priori , too ? I think you know me better than that , Mulder . You might wanna finish it . The prisoner 's written something I think you should see . - What is it ? - He says it 's a statement , but I think he 's putting somebody on . " Grief squeezed at her eggshell heart like it might break into a thousand pieces , its contents running like broken promises into the hollow places his love used to fill . " " How could she know this pain would end ? " " That love , unlike matter or energy , was in endless supply in the universe ? " " A germ which grows from nothingness , which cannot be eradicated , even from the darkest of hearts ? " " If she had known this - and who could say she would believe it ? - she would not have chanced to remain at his sad grave until such an hour , so that she might not have to Iearn the second truth before the first , that to have love was to carry a vessel that could be lost or stolen . " " Or worse , spilled blood-red on the ground . " " And that love was not immutable . " " It could become hate , as day becomes night , as life becomes death . " She 's a no-show , at home or anywhere else she might go . There 's signs of a struggle at the grave , but the area was so trampled by the funeral that collecting evidence will be impossible . I think this is a big jerk-off . Maybe his statement 's to prove that he 's telling the truth , that he truly just imagined it . The only thing that he imagined was us out here ... looking like idiots . Hands where I can see ' em ! Don 't move ! I 'm a federal agent . - Mulder , that 's not him . - What 'd I do ? Check the truck , Scully . Mulder , he works here . How did you know the body was in the truck ? I imagined it . There 's no evidence that Padgett directed the killer . Do you need a signed work order ? Of course he did . You are making critical assumptions without any facts . What about time of death ? What are you doing ? You 're about to argue my usual side , aren 't you ? Why couldn 't he have imagined it , just got into the killer 's head ? You read what he wrote about you . Did he get inside your head ? - Is what I read true ? - Of course not . I don 't know how they communicate . This is the only way I can think to catch him . Mr Padgett ? You can go . We apologize for our mistake . You 're free to finish your book . Thank you . I made a mistake myself . What 's that , Mr Padgett ? In my book I 'd written that Agent Scully falls in love , but that 's obviously impossible . Agent Scully is already in love . What are you doing here ? You seem surprised to see me . - Yes , completely . - Why ? I 'm your character . - What do you want ? - I 'm here to help you finish . I can 't figure out your motive . You imagine me so perfectly in every way . So perfectly that you bring me to life . - Why did you choose me ? - I needed a perfect crime . She 's a doctor . She 'd be horrified by what you do . I 'm horrified . - I just want to know why I do it . - So I could meet her . That 's not a reason . It 's an excuse . - Anything ? - He 's just sittin ' there . Staring . - Now , what is this ? - A big mistake . - I misjudged her , her interest in me . - Now we 're onto something . She 's trying to get his attention , but doesn 't know it . The old unconscious at work . I wanted to love her . No wonder you can 't finish this book . - Why do I want their hearts ? - You tell me . Why do you do it ? I 'm your character . You tell me . - My reason is your reason . - I want to feel love . No . You had it right up to there . You were a tool of the truth . And when it finally arrives - when I arrive - you don 't want to see it . But what is the truth ? Man imagines that he , too , can open up his heart and expose the burning passion , the flames of charity , Iike the creator himself . But this is not in his power . But I have love in my heart . Yes . As a thief has riches , a usurer , money , you have it . But man 's only power - only true power - is to destroy it . Then what 's the end of my story ? There can only be one true ending if it is to be perfect . She dies ? See ? It almost writes itself . What 's he up to now ? He just started typing again . Now what ? Anything ? Padgett ! Freeze . Step away from the incinerator . - What do you think you 're doin ' ? - Destroying my book . Destroying evidence , you mean . - Let me see what you wrote . - I 'II tell you . He kills her . You came here to give instructions to your accomplice ? - No , he told me how it ends . - When ? - In my apartment . - You were alone up there . " A story can have only one true ending . " " Even as the stranger committed his final words to paper , he did it knowing they must never be read . " " To see the sum of his work was to see inside his own emptiness , the heart of a destroyer , not a creator . " " And yet , reflected back upon him , at last he could see his own ending . " " And in this final act of destruction , a chance to give what he could not receive . " Visiontext Subtitles : Karin Baker Visiontext Subtitles : Karin Baker US ENGLISH
