 Here you are , Mr Rebhun . Another scotch and soda . The only way to fly . I used to be just like you . Used to hate flying . The moment I got on the plane , I 'd grip those armrests like my teeth were being drilled . But , statistically , you could fly every day for the next 26,000 years before you 'd have an accident . Do you believe that ? Ooh , baby ! Settle down . What the hell is this ? I didn 't know it was your birthday , Scully . Mulder , you have never remembered my birthday in the four years I 've known you . That 's how I Iike to celebrate ' em , every four years . It 's like dog years that way . - Dog years ? Thank you . - You 're welcome . I got something for you . You 've got to be kidding me . - Something that reminded me of you . - An alien implant ? Two , actually . I made ' em into earrings . " Apollo 11 " . Read the back . " Commemorating Apollo 11 and the mission to the moon . July , 1969 . " - I 'm touched . - It 's ... Excuse me , are you Scully and Mulder ? Promise me this isn 't gonna be embarrassing . My name is Sharon Grafia . I was asked to find you if something happened . Excuse me ? You have no reason to believe me , but my brother said you 'd understand what to do . - About what ? - If he didn 't make it . - Excuse me . Who are you talking about ? - Max . Max Fennig . He was on his way here to deliver something that made him fear for his life . Something he said the government would kill for . But his plane , it went down two hours ago . What we know right now is that the plane designated as flight 549 lost radio contact tonight at 1900 hours EDT , and subsequently crashed into a wooded area approximately 30 miles from albany , New York . Local law enforcement and EMTs have been on the scene for just under two hours , but initial reports are they 've found no survivors of the 134 passengers and crew listed on the manifest . I wish we had more information about the crash site , but darkness and the terrain will make it slow going until morning . We have a tape of the Iast radio exchange before 549 went down . But I wanna stress the need to keep everything you know within the Go Team so that all information to the press comes from the IIC . - You cued up , John ? - Ready . Copy , Tower . Please advise . Do you see a need to adjust ? Negative . Steady air speed of two-niner-six knots . Maintain heading one-zero-zero at two-niner thousand feet . Go ahead , 549 . What the hell is this ? 549 , do you read ? We ' ve got something , some intercept . My God ! My God ! Mayday ! Mayday ! Mayday ! And that 's all she wrote . Controllers tried to raise 549 on all frequencies but the pilots did not respond . We 've got an FAA charter leaving in an hour . Excuse me . I 'm Agent Mulder with the FBI . Is there any indication or suspicion that flight 549 may have been forced down ? - Forced down ? - The pilot said " intercept " on the recording . We have no data to support that . No confirmation of other aircraft in the area . - Unless you have something . - No . But a passenger was well-known to our government as an alien abductee . - An alien abductee ? - A man named Max Fennig . A multiple-abduction victim , known as a repeater . Hold on . Can I have some quiet ? He predicted the accident . The plane may have been forced down . - Forced down by who , or what ? - I 'm hesitant to speculate . - Mulder , your name 's Mulder ? - Yes , sir . I 've been doing this for 18 years . I thought I 'd heard everything . I 'm looking through the manifest and there was no one named Max Fennig . There may be people who want to cover up this evidence . Agent Mulder , is this an official FBI position ? No , sir . What you 're suggesting trivializes this tragedy and casts these people and the work they do in a light you 'd be advised to avoid . We all share the same goal here - to find out what caused that plane to crash . And if any of the capable people in this room find Dr Spock 's phaser or any green alien goo , we 'II be sure to give you all the credit . AII right , then . You sure know how to make a girl feel special on her birthday . Have you ever seen anything like this ? Where 's the plane ? They think it hit the ground at over 300 miles an hour on a vertical descent . Meteorological data is being analyzed , and so far they are attributing the crash to weather phenomenon - to a rapid depressurization caused by something called a wind rotor coming off the Adirondacks . But not to Max Fennig . Even if he was on this flight , he 'd be in a hundred pieces . They 'II be lucky if they can ID half the bodies they find . He was on this flight . I 'm sure of that . Well , say we do find him . What 's that gonna prove ? I don 't know . Maybe that one man 's life was worth sacrificing 133 others . Is that a hand ? - Is that a watch ? - Yeah . What does it read ? - 8 : 01 . - So does this one . What are they listing as the time of the crash ? 7 . : 52 pm . - Nine minutes ' difference . - Gotta be a mistake . Nine minutes , Scully . Do you remember the Iast time you were missing nine minutes ? No one reported the plane on radar . They 're estimating until they recover the data recorder . Yeah , something just occurred to me . What ? - I don 't think we 'II find Max Fennig . - You were certain he was on this flight . I doubt he finished the flight with the other passengers . Hey ! Get me a medic over here ! This man 's alive ! This man 's alive ! Get me a medic over here ! Somebody ! We need an airlift to a burn unit ! This man needs oxygen and a saline IV ! Sir , can you hear me ? Sir ? I 've got what you asked for . - AII of those are from Max ? - Every letter he ever wrote me . You said to bring everything I had . We believe there are things you haven 't told us . - We need to know everything . - About what ? About Max - where he 's been , where he 's traveled . What it was he was carrying on that flight . - Did you find Max ? - No . But we found a passenger with severe burns , severe cellular damage . Burns that suggest the victim was exposed to a high level of radiation . - Something Max was carrying ? - We need to know what that was . If you 're withholding any information , there could be severe consequences . Mulder ? Man 's name was Larold Rebhun . The manifest has him in seat 13D , which is the aisle seat right here . My guess is that Max Fennig was in 13F , window seat . The manifest had a passenger in that seat ... Paul Gidney - an alias Max used in his letters when he went underground . He used another alias to get a job at the Rocky flats Environmental Energy Site where they store weapons-grade plutonium . Do you think Max was carrying plutonium ? The burns on that passenger 's face were deep-tissue radiation burns . I don 't know how else he might have gotten them . - What 'd Max be doing with that ? - I don 't know . He wrote maybe a thousand letters describing his abductions , but in January he started making vague references to a theft . Now , it seems to me that he started to get the idea that he 'd come on to something that was very dangerous . So what caused this crash ? If he was carrying fissile plutonium and it became exposed in the cabin , it very conceivably could have caused the crash . You wanna know what I think , Scully ? I 'm gonna tell you . I think Max was abducted , sucked right out of this door at 29,000 feet . The burns are a result of that abduction . AII the evidence will point to this , but will be dismissed because of its unthinkability . The crash of flight 549 will go unsolved unless we prove it . When Max is returned , he 'II tell us the same story unless someone gets to him first . Mulder , Max is returned . I found out a few minutes ago . They found his body a short way from the wreckage earlier today . You 're positive ? Traveling under the name Paul Gidney , seat 13F , with the same burns as his seat-mate . Still no explanation for this crash . .. to make a determination as to whether there was an explosion pre-impact or as we can see ... The data only points to an explosion after the aircraft ... Did you make a positive ID on Max Fennig ? They 've located the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder . And ? The IIC is saying that there was a complete systems malfunction on the plane . So still no explanation for what brought it down . Not yet , but they are looking at the emergency exit door . And while they cannot explain the radiation , they are not ready to attribute it as the cause . Not able to , or not willing to ? - Why can 't you just accept the facts ? - There are no facts . What they 're gonna report , they 're the opposite of facts . An ignorance of the facts . claimed steadfastly , ignorance becomes as acceptable as the truth . What would you Iike them to report ? That there is not one wristwatch on any of the bodies . They 've been stolen . - These men are covering evidence ? - These men ? No . These men are trained to identify moving parts , to reconstruct them in the past and arrive at the present . But they can 't do that because somebody has stolen the past . Nine minutes of it that became a lifetime for those passengers and now for their families . Someone has to find out what happened in those nine minutes . Somehow , we 've got to get that back . Louis Frish ? Yes , sir . CO said you were coming out with some questions . Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . If you 're here about the crash , I already told the NTSB guys what I know . - They were already out here ? - Yes , ma 'am . Night of the crash . Were you in the tower that night ? Yes , sir . Me and Sergeant Armando Gonzales . - Did flight 549 show up on your radar ? - Yes , sir . - Did you establish radio contact ? - No , sir . We wouldn 't contact an airliner unless it came into military airspace . - Would there be a record of 549 in the log ? - Yes , sir . I know it by heart . At 1952 flight 549 dropped from an altitude of 29,000 feet . About 45 seconds later , we got an altitude reading of triple-X . I 've never seen anything like it . Hope to never again . Then what did you do ? We called 549 and got no response . Then we called ATC in albany . - What was their response ? - We just gave them the information . Is there something else you 're looking for ? About nine minutes . We 've been traveling a Iong way . The initial report said there was no radar confirmation of the crash . That must have come after our briefing . What did you tell them ? What I was supposed to say . Somebody 's gonna figure out what 's goin ' on . I don 't ask . I don 't know . I don 't wanna know . If they find out the truth , you think anybody 's gonna take the heat for us ? I 'm not the only Iiar here . If they come back to talk to me , I 'm tellin the truth . I 'm not gonna have no blood on me . Then you make me the liar . - Did they find her ? - No , ma 'am . - We need answers . The place is a mess . - We 'II do our best , ma 'am . - Hey , you 're gonna have to take care of this . - Excuse me ? The room you rented for the woman ? She trashed it and split . - Sharon Grafia ? - It was under your name . Look at this ! I don 't know what kind of game she was playin ' in here . She blew the door right out of the jamb . I doubt insurance will cover it . Does your policy cover the acts of extraterrestrials ? - We 'II take care of it . - Great . Hit me with your best shot . What do you think happened ? I haven 't a clue . It looks like this place fell from 29,000 feet . - You think Max 's sister ... - Was abducted , just like Max . Maybe it runs in the family . What happened here ? You 're the experts . Bring your team down and work it out . - They 're hands are full . - Producing inconclusive evidence . I 've come to tell you we 've found some evidence . - About what caused the crash ? - Possibly . - But I 'm not ready to announce it . - Why not ? I 'm afraid I 'd sound as crazy as you . Is there someplace I can show you these ? Someplace with a door ? These lines you see here are fatigue cracks , caused by cyclic stress on the fuselage . - From what ? - Wear and tear . Most commercial planes have 30,000-hours flight time . Except 549 was a new plane . 549 had no wear and tear . - Then what caused that ? - I can 't tell you . But I can tell you this . The way these cracks radiate looks like the door 's been shaken and blown outward , straight off its frame . Thanks to you , we knew what to look for . What you 're describing is physically impossible . In normal operation , it could never happen . Not this way . But it did . Hey , man , how ya doin ' ? Sorry about before . It 's ... I was way out of line . I just ... I 've just been letting this thing get to me , I guess . Hey , Gonzales ? - Did you find him , Sergeant ? - He 's not up there . 35,000 feet . It 's negligible . Nothing to be concerned about . Copy , Tower . Please advise . Do you see a need to adjust ? Negative , 549 . Steady air speed at two-niner-six knots . Maintain heading one-zero-zero at two-niner thousand feet . Go ahead , 549 . What the hell is this ? 549 , do you read ? We got something - some intercept . My God ! My God ! Mayday ! Mayday ! Mayday ! Scully . I just realized something . The air traffic controller , I 've heard him before . We 've been up for 36 hours . Can it wait ? No , I know . I just need you to come over and listen to this now . I 'm on my way . Don 't scream . Just listen to me . Listen to me . I 'm the man responsible . I 'm the one that caused that plane crash . Give me a second . You said you had someone with some information ? This is Louis Frish . Sergeant Frish . He 's the air traffic controller on the recording you played for us the other night . That was from albany Control Center . It was the voice of a civilian air traffic controller . No , sir . There seems to be a discrepancy . What you 've been led to believe was built on a lie Sgt Frish was asked to perpetuate . along with Sgt Gonzales , who is now dead . I was ordered to lie about what happened to flight 549 . - By whom ? - My CO . flight 549 appeared on my radar at 1900 hours . We were asked to give its coordinates at 15-second intervals . About two minutes past 30 degrees north , we saw a second aircraft enter 549 's airspace in an intercept pattern . It shadowed 549 for another ten minutes before we were asked to give new coordinates . A few seconds later , there was an explosion and 549 disappeared from my radar screen . I don 't believe this man . There 's no forensic detail to support it . No sign of an explosion , no flashing , no residues , no oxidation , nothing . I 'm telling you what I saw . We shot down a civilian jet , knowingly and willingly . I 'II tell you something . I have a responsibility to the truth . So do we . This man can 't testify to this story , not without evidence . - The military 's covering up that evidence . - The story makes no sense . Unless the aircraft that was fired on never appeared on his radar . A third , unidentified aircraft engaged the civilian jet , which the sergeant never saw . A stealth aircraft ? Shot down by the intercept aircraft , which may have caused the crash of flight 549 , which means the cause of this crash is out there somewhere at a second crash site . - Somebody would 've spotted it . - They didn 't know about it . Except the military . His life is in danger because he can put the pieces together . Then somebody has to get him someplace safe . If there 's a second crash site , let 's find it . Mulder . Hold on . Mulder ? - Louis , help me . - Don 't take your foot off the gas . - Is he gonna see us ? - No . We gotta get under it . We 're not gonna make it . Somebody help me ! please ! Who 's there ? Don 't ... don 't let them take me again ! Louis ! Louis ! I wanna ask you something . This is where flight 549 went down . There 's been no substantiation of a second crash site ? Right . What if that 's because that second aircraft never fell to the ground ? It came down somewhere around here . - In Great Sacandaga lake ? - Yeah . Traveling north to south , 15 degrees . It 's a shallower descent . Yeah , that 's very possible . Possible ? Are you OK taking Sergeant Frish back to DC ? - By myself ? - Yeah . - You just let me know what 's going on . - As soon as I know . - I saw the sign . Are you Bearfeld ? - Yeah . - I stopped by your place . Nobody was home . - Who are you ? Fox Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . You to do with what 's going on out there ? What 's going on out there ? Some kind of search-and-rescue operation or some damn thing . I don 't know . Where ? Out over Democrat Point . Some kind of hovering lights , just there and then gone . Can you show me ? No , no , no . I need you to take me there . - I 'm just gonna get some things . - Where then ? I 'm gonna ask for some kind of protective arrangement . I need to talk to my agent in charge to get a feel for how to go on this , but I think you 're gonna want to talk to the right people . - Do you think I 'II be prosecuted ? - For what ? I gave the coordinates . You didn 't bring that plane down , Louis . I lied . I misled a federal investigator . I misled you . 134 people , Sergeant Gonzales - they 're all dead . - It wasn 't your fault . - But I 'm gonna have to live with it . I watched that plane fall out of the sky . It was just a dot on the screen , just a set of numbers . The wreckage - I can 't get that out of my mind . How those people died . How easy it is to lie . Just to say it was a dot on the screen . Until you see it . Look , I can 't tell you how to feel , Louis . But I can tell you that I will do everything I can to make sure you tell your story to somebody who will do the right thing . Yeah . Thank you . Do you think it 's safe to make a phone call ? I 'd Iike to tell my girlfriend that I 'm ... whatever . Yeah , ... just tell her you 're OK . Over there . - How deep is it here ? - Fifty . Sixty , maybe . Have you worked at this depth before ? Not exactly . What exactly is your experience ? Once I got a quarter off of the deep end at the Y pool . Last call , folks . - Cocktail ? - No . No , thanks . We 're being met by a federal marshal . You 'II end up sleepin ' in somebody 's office . You wanna drink ? You need a drink . Yes . - There you are . - Yeah . Thank you . - Birthday girl ! - Agent Pendrell . How ya doing ? I have something for you . Where 've you been ? - I 've been ... gone . - Can I buy you a drink ? No , you know , it 's OK . I 'm with somebody . Let me buy him a drink too . - No . You know what ? It 's OK . - No . I insist . - Bartender ? Bartender ? - Yeah ? Set me up with a couple of birthday-girl drinks here . Get down ! You 've gotta keep breathing , Pendrell . Do you hear me ? Subtitles by Visiontext I made this ! AMERICAN
