 The malfunction cut off power to rural parts of Kroner County . Up next , the amazing story of two giant pandas in love . But first , Iet 's check in with Holman Hardt and the weather . Still no rain in sight for the Kroner region as another winter storm passes south of us . I 'II have all the numbers and my five-day forecast right after this . Hey , baby , you 're home early ! Sheila , we got a really big problem here . What in the hell were you thinkin ' ? Happy Valentine 's Day . We made a deal . We agreed to keep the engagement secret until I said so . I know , but I just wanted everybody in town to know why I 've been so happy the Iast few months . .. yet another bone-dry day . The current temperature in Kroner is 45 degrees , with lows tonight around 40 . I know business is slow , but we can 't stop living just ' cause it hasn 't rained in a spell . Maybe we should just call off the engagement . Don 't do this , not today . It 'II rain soon . I can feel it ! I just need time to think . Oh , look at that . And you wonder why your ass is so big . " It 'II rain soon . I can feel it . " What I got they used to call the blues Nothin ' is really wrong Feelin ' like I don 't belong Walkin ' around Some kind of lonely clown Rainy days and Mondays always get me down Funny but it seems I always wind up here with you Nice to know somebody loves me Funny , but it seems that it 's the only thing to do - Run and find the one ... - I 'II be damned ! What I feel has come and gone ... We know what it 's all about Hangin ' around Nothin ' to do but frown Rainy days and Mondays always get me down Hangin ' around Nothin ' to do but frown Rainy days and Mondays always get me down Don 't look at me . This was your idea . Agent Mulder , welcome to Kroner . I 'm Jim Gilmore , the mayor . We spoke on the phone . If I 'd known you were bringin ' the missis , - I 'd have arranged fancier accommodation . - I 'm Agent Scully , Mulder 's partner . I 'm sure the accommodation will be just fine . Apologies , ma 'am . We appreciate you flying out here to help solve our crisis . I 'd hoped for a bigger welcome , but , well ... OK , Rhonda , that 's enough . Go find your momma . Sir , you mentioned a crisis . Agent Mulder has been a Iittle vague as to the specifics of this crisis . Well , it 's all around us . Runted crops , field fires , bankruptcies . The drought is destroying ' people 's lives . It 's wrong for a single man to prosper at the expense of others . A single man ? Daryl Mootz . He 's a local fella , charging ' people for rain . - You mean cloud seeding ? - The hell I do . He shows up at a farm , does his dog-and - pony act , and the heavens weep . Well , sir , if this man Mootz could , in fact , somehow produce rain , then what 's the crime ? I believe Daryl 's causin ' the drought so he can charge folks for the rain . This is what you told Agent Mulder when you spoke earlier ? Yes , ma 'am . He seemed real eager to help us . Come on , Scully . You act like I intentionally misled you . Over the past 30 years , this town 's had more tornadoes , heat waves and hailstorms than any other town in the country . It 's like ... ground zero for extreme weather . A man controlling the weather . If that 's true , if Daryl Mootz is controlling the weather for profit , then that is a crime that should be investigated . I see the vacant buildings . I see the signs . These people are scared . But there have always been droughts and natural disasters , and people always look for a scapegoat . Yeah , but how many scapegoats lease office space ? Agents Mulder and Scully , FBI . We 're looking for Daryl Mootz . One second . Yes , ma 'am . Appendix C , that 's right . I need a six-pack of beer , a carton of Morley Lights , and a big bowl of jellybeans . And can you pick out all the green ones ? 'Cause he don 't like the green ones . You 're welcome . Now , what can I do for the FBI ? We want to see the king . I 'm sorry , he 's out of state till this afternoon on business . When you say on business , you mean he 's making it rain ? Uh-huh . He 's just across the state line . Nebraska . - Town of Wymore . - If we could get a list of all the people who have employed his services , it would be helpful . I don 't understand . Has he ... ? Don 't y 'all need a warrant or a subpoena or something like that ? We usually just say " please . " What are you investigating Daryl for ? He 's a hero in this community . You actually believe that he makes it rain ? I know it to be fact . He saved my daddy 's farm . How dare you people ! The only rain in the area is localized up around Wymore . See ? Daryl 's making that rain . See ? Daryl 's making that rain . Is it possible he could have followed it up there ? Here 's your damn client list . You 'II see : every one a satisfied customer . This TV station . Is that far from here ? Oh ! We were beginning to worry that you wouldn 't make it . This your first time in a TV studio ? How exciting . I couldn 't be happier for the two of you . I 'm not sure ... They 're here . The Gundersons are here . Holman , I 'd Iike to introduce you to the Gundersons . Congratulations . I hope you have a truly romantic getaway . Aren 't you glad you watch Channel 5 Weather ? We 're Agents Mulder and Scully . We 're with the FBI . FBI ? Oh , my goodness . I thought you were the " Watch the Weather and Win " contest winners . See , we haven 't had any rain in months , and people tend to blame the messenger . Oh , there 's the Gundersons . Over here ! It 's like looking in a mirror . When I saw the pair of you , I thought you were smartly dressed for a farm couple . Make yourselves at home . From what I 've read , Kroner 's had more than its fair share of unusual weather . We certainly have . To you , Kroner must seem small and simple , but through the eyes of meteorology - Iow-pressure systems , storm fronts , tornado watches - Kroner is sophisticated , complex , and , well ... sexy . Frankly , I can 't imagine a more exciting place to be a meteorologist . Mr Hardt , what can you tell us about Daryl Mootz ? Oh , the mayor called you in , didn 't he ? He thinks Daryl 's causing the drought . Oh , the mayor called you in , didn 't he ? He thinks Daryl 's causing the drought . - You don 't think he 's responsible . - Of course not . A huge high-pressure system is the primary culprit . There 's no evidence to suggest that Daryl , or any man , can be held accountable for our predicament . - Thank you . Can we go now ? - No . What about the rain ? That 's a more ... clouded issue , if you 'II excuse my pun . I have a list of over 40 names here . People in four different counties who claim that Daryl Mootz has made it rain for them . I went to high school with Daryl . Different social circles , and ... Frankly , he 's about the Iast man I would give credit to for anything ... I hear a big " but " coming . Daryl appears to be the real deal . I can 't explain it , but ... where he wanders , showers follow . Look at the desperation on their faces . They 're ready to believe anything . According to his schedule , the king should have been here by now . Here he comes ! Oh , isn 't that sweet ? Man , what could we use around here , a Iittle rain ? Oh , look at this . Take these , will you , somebody ? That is the wrong damn boot now , isn 't it , hon ? Be a good girl and go on and get me the red snakeskin . Well , Iookie here . The FBI . We just came to see the show . I guess we 're a Iittle early . O ye of little faith . That truck out there of mine is a whole lot faster than my rain clouds . Excuse me . Thank you . - How do you explain your unique ability ? - I don 't . It 's complicated . Try me . I watch The Weather Channel . If you 're wondering , did I ask for this gift , no , sir , I did not . No more than I asked to lose this here limb . But I should have expected it . And I 'II tell you why . Because I come from a Iong line of healing ' people . Because I come from a Iong line of healing ' people . I 'm a spiritual man in touch with the really real . The ... the unseen real . And I ... am 1 / 64th Cherokee . And I can summon up my ancestors to bring water to this thirsty land . Yeah ! - Mulder , what are we doing here ? - This is not without historical precedent . The old West was full of men who claimed to be rainmakers . - The Pueblo Indians even had a rain dance . - Mulder , that is not a rain dance . My Irish Aunt olive has more Cherokee in her than Daryl Mootz . Does that look like a man who can control the weather ? Yeah ! Are we still going to the reunion together on Friday ? Absolutely . Social event of the decade . Hard to believe it 's been 20 years since we finished high school . Where did the time go ? What were those FBI people looking for ? They were asking questions about Daryl . About making it rain . I wish they 'd just go back to wherever they came from and leave him alone . You don 't still love him , do you ? I can 't believe you still care about him after the way he treated you . - I know . - He never loved you , Sheila . AII he cared about was your money , and as soon as he got some of his own ... He left . I know . But I think he used to love me . There are other men who 'II love you more . FBI , my Lord . I don 't think I 'II be able to sleep , knowin ' they 're poking ' around . Unless you want to get covered in hamburger , you should step outside . Oh , Miss , we moved your boyfriend 's things into your room . He 's my partner , and we prefer separate rooms . OId-fashioned , are you , huh ? We 're booked solid with the high-school reunion . Take it or leave it . We can just butterfly it . I 've got my kit over in the car . I don 't think it 's a coincidence that a cow gets hurled at me just as we 're down here investigating the weather . - Did they check you for head trauma ? - That cow had my name on it . Agent Mulder , are you all right ? I feel terrible . If there 's anything I can do , please don 't hesitate . I feel terrible . If there 's anything I can do , please don 't hesitate . Perhaps there is . Would you please reassure Agent Mulder that this cow incident was , in fact , a natural phenomenon ? With pleasure . I believe that a mini-twister picked that poor creature up , Iifted it about 12,000 feet , where the air cooled , and ... I 'm glad you weren 't hurt any worse . Excuse me . - You shouldn 't be here . - Holman , don 't make this any harder . It 's my fault . I did it . I 'm so sorry . I didn 't mean for this to happen . - It 's not something that I can control . - Are you saying you 're responsible for ... I murdered that poor cow ! Holman just explained to us that a mini-twister is what caused the accident . He 's just being sweet , covering for me . He knows the truth . This isn 't the first time something like this happened . The night of my senior prom , a tornado demolished our high school . And then , on my wedding day , a day I 'd always dreamed about , the ceremony was outdoors on the 4th of July weekend . It snowed six inches . Three years later , my husband ran off with some gal from the phone company , and on the day that our divorce was finalized , I stepped out of the courthouse , and ... You know how you ... you can see shapes in those big fluffy clouds ? Well ... I swear that every cloud in that big , blue sky was a face laughing at me . That was about 10 years ago , and that was the Iast time it happened until last night . - What 's your connection to Daryl Mootz ? - Well , we used to be engaged . You two were engaged ? Yeah , about six months ago , and we had a fight and he took a drive , and ... and a freak hailstorm cost him his leg . And ever since then , the rain 's been following him . - Am I under arrest ? - No . Without a doubt , you 're not responsible for any of that weather . Oh . But ... Agent Scully and I specialize in these types of cases . And although you may have had some bad luck , you didn 't cause any of it . - Are you sure ? - Yeah , yeah . I 'm sure . - Scully , do you have any doubts ? - No . No doubts . It 's fine . I really wanna believe you . - Thanks . - You 're welcome . - That hailstorm didn 't cause Daryl 's crash . - What are you talking about ? The weather was bad , but he was drunk and drivin ' too fast . Drunk ? I never heard that . We all felt that Daryl losing his leg was punishment enough . People don 't realize how hard a work this is . I mean , sure , it looks like I 'm just sittin ' here , but ... my powers of concentration are ... Oh , yeah . Oh , right there . Yeah . Yeah , you 're worth every penny . - What was I sayin ' ? - Powers of concentration ? - Right . - Right . - Right . - Right . My brain 's functioning ' on something like 14 different levels , taking in a whole bunch of variables , Iike wind velocity and humidity and ... Daryl . - Do you hear that ? - Hear what ? The rain stopped . - Next flight out is 10 : 00am . - Look at this , Scully . September 20th , 1991 . It rained rose petals for nearly an hour . We 're going home . The rain stopped this afternoon . Daryl Mootz is being sued by about 50 people . There 's no case . You told Sheila that she wasn 't controlling the weather . She 's not . Neither is Daryl . But check this out : On the same day that it rained rose petals , " Irene Hardt , beloved wife and devoted mother , passed away yesterday afternoon . " " She 's survived by one son , Holman Hardt . " - You 're saying Holman ... - Is manufacturing the weather . Did you see his relief when he learned Daryl was drunk ? I 've been doing some checking . Holman Hardt has been hospitalized five times with nervous exhaustion , each time coinciding with a major meteorological event . It is still a huge leap to say that he 's manufacturing the weather . Most people admit the weather plays a significant role in the way they feel . - There 's even that disorder . - SAD : seasonal affective disorder . Who 's to say it doesn 't work both ways ? That the way someone feels can affect the weather . That the weather is somehow an expression of Holman Hardt 's feelings . Or better still , the feelings that he 's not expressing . I 've tried to say this a thousand times , tried to express the ... fire that burns inside this humble exterior . Sheila , you 're the reason I remained in this town all these years . I wake up each day knowing ... - Hello ? - Holman , it 's me . Working late ? Sheila , hi . Yeah ... I was just thinking about you . I 'm looking forward to the reunion tomorrow night . - Me too . - You sound in a good mood . I am , Holman , and it 's all because of you . I want you to know that I 've been thinking about what you said about Daryl yesterday , - and I realized that you were right . - I was ? Yes , you were , and I am so over him . Daryl who ? That 's what I say . I realized that I 've been chasing the wrong kind of guy . I need someone who I can talk to . I need someone who I can feel safe with . I can 't tell you what that means to me . Holman , I want to ask you something , and I hope that we can keep it our secret for the time being . Of course , Sheila . Anything . Well , what do you think of Agent Mulder ? Hey , Holman . - Agent Mulder . - I 've come to say goodbye . - You 're leaving ? - Yeah . But I want you to get some help before you kill somebody . - What do you mean ? - You know what I mean . You 're not just a weatherman . You 're the weatherman . You 're the person who 's affecting the weather . If I could control the weather , don 't you think I 'd make it rain , and end this drought ? I don 't think you do it on purpose . I think you bottle up your emotions - anger , grief , love or whatever - and then as a response it rains or hails or there 's a flying cow . - That poor animal . - Well , whatever it is , you gotta let it out . I can 't . Yeah , you can . It 's Sheila , isn 't it ? You love her . You 've always loved her . That tornado at the high school . That was you , wasn 't it ? The night of our senior prom , I ... accidentally stumbled upon her and her boyfriend ... in flagrante delicto . And the next thing you know ... And you 've never told her the way you feel ? How could a frog tell a swan that he loves her ? How could a frog tell a swan that he loves her ? Well , you 'd better tell her , or you 're gonna kill somebody . - You gotta help me . - I got a plane to catch . You can 't go . If you don 't help me , who will ? I am meeting my partner at the airport . Excuse me . Hold on . - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . - I 'm on my way . - I 'm not so sure . Have you looked outside lately ? It 's pea soup . - Our plane can 't take off until this fog lifts . - Fog ? Holman ! - Holman ? - Yeah , he wants advice . Dating advice . - Dating advice ? From whom ? - Yours truly . Hello ? Hey , Scully ? - Scully , are you there ? - I heard you . Mulder , when was the Iast time you went on a date ? I will talk to you later . The blind leading the blind . This red number ? Daryl , you 're like one of those tragic rock stars . You know , Iike Jim Morrison or Kurt Cobain . You just shine too bright for too short a time . We 'II tell our kids all about it . Kids ? I can 't afford kids . If I don 't come up with a Iot of cash pronto , I am in deep doo-doo . Dairy Queen 'II take me back . I get almost $ 6 an hour . I 'm thinkin ' . - There 's got to be somebody ... - We 'II get the money , baby . - Sheila . - What about her ? Cindy ... You have been real sweet and all , but I think we can use some time apart . - What ? Are you breakin ' up with me ? - Nothin ' personal . I 've been envious of men like you my whole life . Based on your physical bearing , I 'd assumed you were more experienced . You spend every day with Agent Scully , a beautiful , enchanting woman . You mean you two never ... ? I confess I find that shocking . I ... I 've seen how you two gaze at one another . This is about you , Holman . I 'm here to help you . I 'm perfectly happy with my friendship with Agent Scully . So , your theory is I walk in there , tell her I Iove her , and the drought will end ? Just tell her how you feel . And Holman ? I do not gaze at Scully . - Hey . - Hey . I can 't find my notes for my ... presentation . There they are . - You got a minute ? - For you , always . Are you excited about the reunion tonight ? Of course . - You 're busy . We can talk later . - Oh , what is it ? I Iove you . I Iove you , too . Holman , what 's wrong ? Is that rain ? Oh , my God ! It is ! It 's raining ! Well ? Good afternoon , Agent Mulder . See you tonight , Holman . Oh , you did it . No , you did it . - What are you talking about ? - She said that she loves me , but that she 's in love with you . - What do you mean , there 's somebody else ? - Daryl ! - Just tell me who it is . - Let me go ! Hey ! Hey , Daryl . Cut it out , man . Him ? This is the guy ? - Well , what 's he got that I ain 't got ? - A job . A way with words . Intelligence , good looks . Good-Iookin ' ? I 'II show you good-Iookin ' ! - Daryl , no ! Not his face ! - Daryl ... Don 't you hit him in the face ! Oh , good , pick on a cripple . You 'II hear from my lawyer . - You deserve a big reward . - No . Mulder , the fog has lifted , and if you 're ready , the plane is waiting . Scully , do you know anything about weather radar ? Scully , do you know anything about weather radar ? - A bit . Why ? - What does red mean ? Thunderstorms , I think . Looks like we won 't be able to catch our plane . Said I 'd Iike to know where you got the notion - To rock the boat - Don 't rock the boat , baby - Rock the boat - Don 't tip the boat over - Rock the boat - Don 't rock the boat , baby Rock the boat Up to now we sailed through every storm I 've always had your tender lips To keep me warm Oh , I need to have the strength that flows from you Don 't let me drift away , my dear When love can see me through Seven inches in the past six hours . The National Weather Service issued a flash-flood warning for the county . - Mulder , are you sure he 's here ? - If she 's here , he 'II be here . So I 'd Iike to know where you got the notion Said I 'd Iike to know where you got the notion So I 'd Iike to know where you got the notion Said I 'd Iike to know where you got the notion - Come on , make it stop . - This is your fault , not mine . - My fault ? - You were kissing her . Oh , look who 's here . Some of my favorite people . old friends , and new ones . - You look very lovely . - Thank you . You look handsome . Both of you . Oh , I Iove this song . Agent Mulder , care to dance ? Holman was just telling us that he wanted to dance . Yes , he was . - I would be honored . - OK . Tell her , Holman . You lay your bets and then you pay the price ... What was that Agent Mulder said ? Tell me what ? Oh , it 's ... no big deal . We tell each other everything , don 't we ? Well ... When I stopped by your office this afternoon ... - I said that ... - When you said you loved me ... What I meant to say ... What I wanted you to understand ... is that I 'm in love with you . I 've loved you since high school . Ooh , you made me love you Ooh , you 've got a way I 'II build the ark , you gather the animals . I was kidding . Sheila . My partner has a theory , and even though I don 't share his belief , I feel that given the circumstances , you should hear his theory , because it involves you and Holman . Agent Mulder believes that the drought , this storm , this bizarre set of weather conditions that have plagued you over the years , are ... are caused by Holman . Specifically , that ... that his emotions are somehow manifesting themselves in the weather . And Agent Mulder believes that Holman is ... unwittingly destroying this town because of his unspoken love for you . - You love him , don 't you ? - What ? You 're jealous that Mulder and I have a special connection , - and you 're trying to divert me to Holman . - What ? It is good to be the king ! It is good to be the king ! Where 's Sheila ? - Where 's your leg ? - Cindy took it . Said I 'd have to crawl back to her . Now , where 's Sheila ? Not even a kiss ? Trust me , the man knows how to kiss . I 've just never thought of Holman that way , you know ? He 's my closest friend . And to not even suspect . Well , it seems to me that the best relationships , the ones that last , are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship . You know , one day you look at the person , and you see something more than you did the night before . Like a switch has been flicked somewhere . And the person who was just a friend is suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with . The storm drains are filling up . Let 's get outta here . I 'II teach you to mess with my woman ! - God , Daryl ! - If I had two legs , I 'd kick your ... I called the police . You might want to look at the king , make sure he 's all right . Whatever happened to Sheila ? Is it true ? That you make the weather ? 'Cause of me ? The tornado in high school ? - Snow at my wedding ? - I 'm so sorry . - Daryl 's rain ? - I can 't explain the logic of it . Yes . Some strange manifestation of guilt . Even this rain ? Because you love me ? Because I Iove you . That is the most romantic thing I 've ever heard . Somewhere over the rainbow Way up high - I 'm sorry , baby . - Me too . I brought you a leg . Why are you so good to me , honey ? .. over the rainbow Skies are blue And the dreams that you dare to dream Really do come true ... - I didn 't know reunions could be so ... - Wet ? Well , how 'd it go ? You should try it sometime . Sheila ? That 's where you 'II find me I can 't imagine a more beautiful day than today ... Somewhere over the rainbow You 're a chip off the old block . Yes , you are ! Yes , you are ! Why , oh , why Can 't I ? Visiontext Subtitles : Karin Baker US ENGLISH
