 It 's important that you realize sonograms are by no means an exact science . I don 't want to alarm you or have you jump to conclusions , because it 's not something we 're perfectly able to explain . But I don 't see anything . As I said , we may be premature in the diagnosis . It may simply be ... an intermediate stage of growth . But there 's a problem . We see a development . An abnormal bony formation involving the upper vertebrae and something growing here on the plates of the skull . Wayne ? Sweetness ? It might be nothing . I 'm serious . Dr Couvillion really just wants to wait and see . I just ... want it to be normal . Wayne . Let 's go home , OK ? Come on . Thank you . I Iove you , Laura . No matter what . You know that ? Poopydoo ? I know . Good night , Wayne . Good night , Laura . Sweet dreams . Wayne ! Wayne ! please ! What are you doing ? Stop it ! Wayne ! Where are you ? ! Stop him ! please don 't take my baby ! please don 't take my baby ! Wayne ! - Wayne ! - Laura ? - My baby ! - Laura , it 's OK . You 're having a dream . - It was terrible . - It 's OK . It was ... trying to steal our baby . It 's not the kind of case where I quite know where to turn , you understand . It 's not the kind of case where I quite know where to turn , you understand . Down in Hollins , we do get our share of the oddball . But we 're pretty much like any other little town . You got your home break-ins , your smash-and-grabs . Nothing too wild . But given the victim 's statement , the unusually vivid detail ... Well , I just had to take Laura 's word about her baby being abducted . - I hear you specialize in this kind of case . - You 've come to the right place , Deputy ... Stevens . Now , this woman making these claims , she 's your sister ? Yes , sir . Laura Weinsider . I 've heard about the things people have been saying about her . Not to my face , of course , but ... real mean and awful things about what Laura 's part is in all this . It says here a doctor 's report the day before revealed abnormalities in the ultrasound . Yes , sir , that is true , but nothing conclusive , mind you . I see . OK , Deputy . We 're gonna put this right into our priority caseload . I really wanna thank you . Laura 's itching to talk to somebody who 'II really listen to her . It went right into your caseload but I never imagined you 'd get here so soon , Agent ... Mulder , Fox Mulder . Though I ask you not to make that known to anybody . The FBI likes to keep our work on these cases very hush-hush . Sure , of course . But I would Iike to thank Agent Spender . No , no , no . I 'II ... I 'II thank him for you cos I have to call in my progress report . - I hope you have something to call in . - Me too . AII right . I kept calling it a nightmare , but how many people 's nightmares come true ? Not many . Certainly not in the way yours did , Mrs Weinsider . When I was having it ... it just seemed so real . You mentioned a fire in the room in your account and a ... a devil that held your legs ? So that it could take the baby . But according to your statement , your baby was not a normal baby . No . It was some kind of monster ... with horns and a tail . Can you excuse me , please ? My wife appears so resilient , but I know she 's suffered ever since the doctor told us about the complications . You were right there in bed with your wife the whole time , Mr Weinsider ? Wayne . Yes , I woke her up . But according to your wife 's statement , at one point , she reached over for you in the bed and you weren 't there . - Well , it was a dream . - Yeah . Mind if I use your phone ... Wayne ? Sure , of course . Your truthfulness is important , and as a prospective federal employee , I will remind you to answer as honestly as possible . OK ? Sure . Fire away . Sure . Fire away . Do you or have you ever smoked marijuana ? No . No , sirree . Have you consorted with people who have , now or in the past ? No . I really don 't think so . - Scully . - Hey , Scully , it 's me . Would you mind ? Mulder , where are you ? I waited 45 minutes for you this morning . Before I tell you , I 'm gonna ask you to keep an open mind . - Not an X-File ? - Call it what you Iike . In Roanoke , they 're calling it a demon baby-snatching . - You 're in Virginia ? - I want you to look at this woman 's charts . Strange in utero deformities were detected . I 'II courier them to you . Mulder , we are supposed to be doing background checks , not chasing X-Files . Look , Spender just round-filed this case . - It 's unconscionable . - What do you call rooting through his trash ? That 's like the assignment we 're stuck with . We , Mulder ? I 'm stuck with ! You 're not here ! Scully , this is a classic case of demon fetal harvest . What they called in the Middle Ages " atum nocturnem . " The impregnation of an unwitting woman by a dark lord of the underworld . As host for his demon seed . Exactly . I saw Rosemary 's Baby on cable . This is the real deal . Check her charts , you 'II get hard evidence . Check her prenatal ultrasound . Just humor me , Scully . Take a look at those medical records . I think they 'II prove my theory . Wayne , have you seen my nightgown ? I can 't find ... Wayne ? Wayne ? Wayne ! Wayne ? Laura ? What are you doing ? - What are you doing ? - Burning leaves . At this time of night ? You asked me to rake up the yard . It was in the job jar . Hey , come on . You 're making me feel weird . - Come to bed , Wayne , please . - I will , honey . I just wanted ... I just wanted everything to look perfect when you woke up . I 'II be right in . - Mulder . - I think I found what you 're looking for . I 've been up all night going over the medical charts on the Weinsider baby . What 'd you find ? The prenatal birth defects that you spoke of - they 're all here , but they 're subtle . - Describe them to me . - They look to be discrete bony deformities . - Describe them to me . - They look to be discrete bony deformities . There are spurs on the superior aspect of the scapula and small protuberances on the skull adjacent to the coronal suture . - Protuberances ? You mean like horns ? - They could be recessive characteristics , expressed as vestiges of primitive morphology , or a developmental anomaly like craniosynostosis . Do you think it could be passed along by the father ? I wouldn 't look to the father as any kind of dark force here . I think it 's the mother . Virginia law on third-trimester abortions requires you to put her under arrest . - What are you talking about ? - Labor was induced . In the mother 's blood was a significant trace of an herb called mandrake . It 's a poison that 's been known to facilitate self-abortion . Mandrake ? It 's also been known to be used as a hallucinogenic . You think Mrs Weinsider self-prescribed ? I called the doctor on a hunch and he said that the father was very upset about the news while the mother was quite the opposite . I 'm gonna fax this information to you so you can present it to the attorney for the county of Roanoke . But I think we have your baby-snatcher here . Mulder ? Yeah . What ? Yes . I suggest that you proceed very carefully . This could be very emotional for everybody concerned . AII right , thank you . - What are you doing ? - Sorry , I forgot my key . Where 've you been ? I told you I was gonna be on the road until Tuesday ... Poopydoo . I was just so worried , Wayne . We 're getting so close now . Honey ... I wouldn 't let anything happen . Not to our little bundle of joy . I 'II tell you who 's taken hallucinogenics . She didn 't take any poison . My sister never even heard of whatever the hell it is . - Mandrake . - Mandrake . - Where would she get such a thing ? - AII I took were herbal sleep aids . - You don 't need to say anything . - Let your sister talk . It might clear things up . - Not without a lawyer . - She 's not under arrest . You 're damn right she 's not . I didn 't call you here to tell me rumors I 've already heard . My sister 's no baby killer ! What 's going on ? They 're accusing me of taking the life of our baby . - Who 's accusing you ? - Who do you think ? I don 't know where you 've been , but I 'm the only one keeping the dogs from the door . A man 's gotta make a living . Mr Weinsider , I don 't want to arrest Laura . I 'm sure you 'd hate like the devil for that to happen as well . I should say so . Why not tell Deputy Stevens it 's OK to search the premises so we can clear up any misunderstanding about who 's responsible for what happened ? Of course . Laura ? Could you come here ? Whatever else we find , I know everybody in this house is regular . I know there 's nothing they 're going to find , but why do I feel guilty anyway ? Laura , there 's something I need to tell you about that . Something I 've kept secret for reasons that I think will explain for themselves . What are you talking about ? I don 't exactly know how to say this , but I 'm sure that you might find it painful , as I do . Wayne , what ? On the night ... the night that you lost the baby , I had gotten up because I couldn 't sleep . And when I came back to bed , you were ... you had ... our little baby in your hands . You were in some kind of trance . I couldn 't get you to wake up . You were in some kind of trance . I couldn 't get you to wake up . You kept chanting over and over " Zazas , zazas , nastanada , zazas ... " Wayne ... AII I could do was take our little boy , our little baby , and wrap him up so I could make sure no one could ever learn the truth . Oh , my God . And the other night ... when you saw me outside ... and I was burning the leaves ... No ! No ! I was just doing it to protect you . I knew that I could never bring back our little boy , our precious little Wayne Junior . But I couldn 't bear losing you . Hey ! Take a look at this ! I don 't know what to tell you . AII I could think , when they told me that something was wrong , that there was a problem , was that this thing that was growing inside me was evil . I kept thinking that maybe it was something I did wrong and that this was my punishment . I told Wayne that everything was gonna be OK . But I lied . But you have to believe me , Arky . I didn 't mean to kill him . I didn 't know what I was doing . It was the herbal medication . - That 's all I can think ... - Laura , Laura . I don 't think you should say anymore . I 'm gonna have to read you your rights . We 're gonna have to go down to the station and do all that . I 'm sorry . You 're gonna be OK . I 'm gonna get the best attorney . I know what you are . I 'm only happy when it rains I 'm only happy when it 's complicated And though I know you can 't appreciate it I 'm only happy ... - Hello ? - Hi , Betsy , it 's me . - Wayne , where are you ? - I 'm on my way . - You 're late . I 'm going without you . - I wanna be there , honey . I don 't want to be a husband who isn 't there every step of the way . You 've already missed a Iot of steps already . It 's just a sonogram . It 's not just a sonogram . It 's a picture of the expression of our beautiful love . - What have you been smoking ? - I 'm three blocks away . I 'm gonna pull up in front of the house in less than five minutes . - OK , I 'II wait for you . - OK , five minutes . - Hey , Wayne . Where are you going ? - What ? - Who you talking to ? - Who are you talking to ? - You seem like you 're in an awful big hurry . - Wayne ? - I 'm late for an appointment . - Appointment with who ? - A business client . - Wayne , I 'm hanging up now . You 're in insurance . That must take you out on the road a Iot . I 'm an insurance medical technician . So where is our appointment ? How far do we have to go ? So where is our appointment ? How far do we have to go ? - What ? - Come on , I 'II race ya . I only smile in the dark ... Hi , Mrs Britton . Wayne Weinsider . Remember me ? Harmony Mutual Insurance ? You had an appointment to have blood taken . It 's for next Tuesday . I know that , Kim . Can I call you Kim ? I was in the neighborhood and ... insurance isn 't something you wanna be without , even for just a week . What do you do with that ? They check it , make sure you 're not a policy risk . slow down , monsters . - Those your kids ? - Why , yes . I Iove kids . Got a baby on the way myself . Seems like I 've been trying forever . Hold that up . Those are fine-Iooking boys . You don 't know how lucky you are . Two cells , with all that can go wrong , and there they are . Perfect . - You OK ? You 're not feeling faint , are you ? - No , I 'm OK . Can I use your phone ? I want those kids out of my car ! OK , Speed Racers ! That 's enough driver 's education for today . Having your fun ? Yeah . - You 're busted . - What ? I just got an earful from Assistant Director Kersh . He got a call from Mr Weinsider , who says that you 're harassing him . Leave me alone . Mulder , I have to tell him something . What do you want me to say ? Tell him I 'm down here doing a background check on somebody . I got a message you needed to see me , Laura . What is it ? I 'm afraid . I 've been meeting with attorneys and , given the circumstances and your emotional state , they feel confident of an acquittal , if that 's what you 're worried about . No , Wayne . I 've been thinking . Thinking ? About what ? About your story . About how it doesn 't make sense . You said you wrapped the baby up to hide it , but what they found in the fire was wrapped in the nightgown I had on when I woke up from my nightmare . But that 's not possible , Laura . You must be mistaken . And I keep thinking about the face of that terrible creature at the end of the bed , and I remember something that I didn 't tell anybody . Not even you . Laura , you 're scaring me . No matter what you believe , I only have one desire : to protect you , to put this all behind us . Why 'd you go and do that , Laura ? You 've got to know that I Iove you . And I just wish ... you could 've been the one . Let me go , Wayne . - What 's her rhythm ? - Still in V-fib . Charge the paddles to 200 . - What happened ? - She just collapsed . clear ! Paddles are charged . Stand by . It was like ... It was like she died right in my arms . Going again . clear . Going again . clear . - We got a heartbeat . - What ? Laura , can you hear me ? Laura , can you hear me ? I need to get her to the hospital right away . I need a neurologist consult down at the ER . Hang an IV of lidocaine and let 's get her out of here . - That was a Iong five minutes . - I can explain . please , Wayne . I 've heard all your excuses . Everything went fine without you . It always does . - Did you get the sonogram ? - Yes . Bring it back home ? - Is there a problem ? - The doctor found something . She doesn 't know yet , but there 's some kind of bony growth on the baby 's spine and skull . It may just be a stage of development . She really just wants to wait and see . OK . Sure . Whatever happens , you know I Iove you . No matter what . Do you , Wayne ? Cos sometimes I wonder what goes on inside your head . Nothing but good thoughts . You and this baby are my hopes and dreams . You and this baby are my hopes and dreams . Mine too . Why don 't I get you a warm glass of milk and we 'II go to bed ? OK . You asked me to come here , then you 're nowhere to be found . I was at County Records , doing a background check . Mulder ... it 's me . That 's your cover story , remember ? I was piecing together the history of the man who did this to her . That 's why I was looking for you , because in fact nobody did anything to her . There 's absolutely no evidence of bodily injury , overdose , suffocation , of anything that would explain why she was in a coma . - Perfect . - I don 't think you heard what I said . I did a complete medical review , just as you asked . What I 'm saying is there is not a shred of evidence to implicate the husband or anyone . Not a shred of evidence is exactly the evidence I hoped you 'd find . Check this out . " Ivan Veles , born Czechoslovakia , 1956 . " " Married twice , widowed twice , no children . Prosecuted twice for murder of wives . " " Acquitted twice on lack of evidence . " Who is Ivan Veles ? Wayne Weinsider . Czech national , emigrated 1994 . He 's also known as Bud Hasselhoff . also known as Gordy Boytano . - Gordy Boytano ? - There 's more . Read on . " In SIavic societies , the name Veles was synonymous with ... the devil . " " From the Lithuanian root " vele , " a horned demon who sucks the souls of the innocent . " Mulder , you 're not suggesting that he is himself a devil , are you ? I 'm not suggesting anything . I think the facts speak for themselves . I will accept that a man can be demonic , that he may have demon-Iike attributes . But why would a demon , if there were such a thing , bother with a Make-Room-For-Daddy routine just so he can off his wife and unborn child ? I don 't know why . I 'm not a psychologist , but this is the best explanation for " how " that I 've heard . This 'II put you to sleep on a cloud ... where troubles melt away . Sometimes I remember why I married you . It 's pretty hard . Get me the pick . We 've got technology out here . Subterranean mapping equipment from Richmond PD . Still can 't find a damn thing . Subterranean mapping equipment from Richmond PD . Still can 't find a damn thing . Over here ! Daniel , bring that light over here . You 'II find discrete osteopathic deformities to the upper vertebrae . Two bony protrusions between the parietal and occipital lobes of the skull . - Good Lord . - Put out an APB for your brother-in-Iaw . - What are you talking ... - Just find him . What are you talking about ? He 's done this to other women here , just like in Czechoslovakia . My guess is that baby we dug up belonged to one ofWayne 's other wives . You 're saying he 's trying to profligate , to breed ? He 's exercising his biological imperative . He 'II do or say anything he has to to succeed . It makes no sense . If he wants to breed , why would he snatch his own babies and bury them in his back yard ? Because they 're demons , and he wants a normal child . No ! No ! Wayne ! Wayne ! What are you doing ? Maybe you didn 't hear me . I said , what are you doing , Wayne ? 1-5-5-2-7 Leahy . That 's in Cave Spring . That 's West Roanoke . Cave Spring . Thank you . Thank you very much for your help . Scully , hold on . Where are we going ? Harmony Mutual Insurance has a second address for Wayne Weinsider , all the way across the other side of Roanoke County . - You think he 's got a second wife ? - Think about it . He meets or screens prospective women through work . That 's probably why he came to this country : bigger gene pool , more women . And he plants as many seeds as he can . Let 's just hope he hasn 't been able to harvest many more of them . Mulder ... please . please . please . He took my baby ! He took my baby ! - It 's OK . - Wayne . Wayne ! Wayne . He took my baby . Mom ? Come on , don 't make it any worse than it is . - I 'm sure you didn 't mean to . - Honest I didn 't , Daddy . - If you say you didn 't . - Thank you , Daddy . - How are you ? - Is he going to die ? Of course not . People don 't die from chickenpox . - Have you had chickenpox ? - Yes . How about you ? - I 've been trying to remember . - You 'II know in a day or two . That 's what 's worrying me . I 'II be down in a minute . - I think she 's going to die . - Don 't talk like that . Wayne . It 's over . A normal life , a family . That 's all I ever wanted . Where 's the baby , Wayne ? How could she do this to them ? Put the shovel down . Your lies won 't work anymore . My lies ? What about her lies ? Whatever the truth , Mr Weinsider , you can 't hope to bury it now . I 'm not burying anything . I 'm digging it up . Where 's the baby ? Don 't you understand ? She took it . Betsy took it ! You can 't blame anyone else , Iike you did with Laura . Don 't you see ? Betsy isn 't like Laura . Betsy is ... Get the paramedics . I just wanted what everyone wants . Don 't even think about it . Put him someplace else . I don 't want him in sight of my sister . - He just got out of surgery . - Give me this . Cut it out . You 're in enough trouble as it is . You don 't wanna complicate your situation by endangering his life again , do you ? That son of a bitch better live , so I can beat the truth out of him . Find out why he did it and how the hell he did it . I think the " why " is directly related to the " how . " What do you mean ? What do you mean by that ? We should go talk to his other wife , Betsy . I don 't know . He 's flatlined . Page Dr Nyland up here ! Just breathe deep , Mrs Weinsider . Can you breathe for me ? How many ? Four , total . AII here for some time . Maybe years . AII normal , though , Mulder . No osteological deformities . And Betsy 's baby isn 't here . There are no fresh graves . I know . - What did he do with it ? - I don 't think he did anything with it . But she was recently pregnant . I saw her records , her sonograms , in the house . Showing the same defects . These weren 't Wayne 's babies , Scully . Whose babies were they ? I think Wayne realized something last night . He realized that he 'd met someone even more evil than he was , who would sacrifice what he desperately wanted for himself . Betsy ? It was no coincidence that she ran into us . We were taken in by her just like Wayne was . She would say or do anything to get what she wanted , and was even more driven than he was . - Driven to what ? - To have what only Wayne could give her . I 'm only happy when it rains You know I Iove it when the news is bad And why it feels so good to feel so sad I 'm only happy when it rains Pour your misery down Pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down Pour your misery down on me Visiontext Subtitles : Karin Baker US ENGLISH
