 Cover for me in case dorkface comes back . - Where are you going ? - For a cigarette . - You had one 15 minutes ago . - 45 minutes . Why don 't you get one of those patches or that gum ? - What do you think I 'm chewing ? - Then maybe you should just quit . Look , just cover for me , OK ? Tell her I got a stomach bug or somethin ' . Jane , come on . You 're gonna get in trouble . Jane ? Hey , Jane . " Brody , Jane L. " We 've got the pathologist 's work but the crime scene hasn 't been checked yet . - Let me see what you got . - Your name ? Special Agent Fox Mulder . Workin ' the late shift ? - Somebody 's got to . - You need to sign that . I 'm all set here . - Finished ? - Yeah . Thanks . No problem . Agent Mulder ! I 'm glad I caught ya . - Who are you ? - Detective Thomas . Ray Thomas . I 'm the one who e-mailed the pictures to your office . Officer Robbins said you 'd come down to take a look at the forensic evidence . That 's right . So , does that mean you 've found something ? Something worth lookin ' into ? I 'm afraid not . Nothing to recommend my further involvement . How do you explain the woman ? She walks into a bathroom . A minute later , she turns up ... You saw the pictures . I saw ' em . I was told you were part of somethin ' called the X-Files . You 'd look into stuff like this . If there 's really nothin ' to this , why come all the way here in the middle of the night ? I 'm just doin ' my job , same as you . - You are home . - What are you doin ' here ? I was tryin ' to reach you . Your phone 's off the hook . I needed some sleep . Is that why you 're takin the garbage out at 4am ? - What do you want , Agent Mulder ? - I want some answers . - Concerning ? - The death of a postal worker that somebody has gone to great lengths to keep unexplained . These photos were sent by a detective who thought I might have a fresh take on it . But when I went to retrieve them from my e-mail , somebody had hollowed out the files . - Then where 'd you get ' em ? - From his partner . When ? After he finished questioning me about the detective 's death . - What are you talking about ? - He was killed , execution-style . His body was found near the precinct two hours ago . Possibly by the same person who forged my name to gain access to the forensics lab . - What do you want from me ? - I 'd Iike your help on this , sir . What about Agent Scully ? Agent Scully 's in the hospital . Has something happened ? She 's undergoing some imaging tests . Her oncologist was concerned that her tumor may be metastasizing . Anyway , I 'd Iike you to take a look at those photos , please . First thing in the morning . You want me to dump this on my way out ? No , I got it . Was it you ? Did you pull the trigger or did you have him do it for you ? - I 'm not here to answer your questions . - You murdered him ! - You killed an officer of the Iaw . - Keep your voice down , unless you want your neighbors to know the hours and the company you keep . I won 't be a party to murder . I wouldn 't get too comfortable on your moral high ground , Mr Skinner . This only happened because you left your job unfinished . I handled him just like I 've handled everything else you 've asked me to do . I 've followed your instructions . You failed to neutralize a potentially compromising situation . You didn 't have to kill him . He didn 't have to die . You 're in no position to question the terms of our arrangement . Then we have no arrangement . You 'II find it 's not that easy to walk away from . A man digs a hole , he risks falling into it . - Skinner . - Her body 's gone , sir . - What are you talking about ? - The postal worker . It was stolen from the morgue along with any evidence that might explain how she died . - Slow down . - I 'm sorry , I can 't . I 'm playing catch-up here . The man who impersonated me at the forensics lab replaced a blood sample . How do you know ? The blood sample in the police forensics lab is B-positive , as is the postal worker 's . She suffered from a mild form of anemia characterized by folic acid deficiency . The blood sample at the police forensics lab has a normal folic serum level . Any suspects ? No , but I have a place to start . The gun that killed Detective Thomas , Ballistics has identified it as a Sig Sauer P-228 . Ballistics are running comps on all weapons registered to federal agents and local officers . - Let me know what they find . - I will . - Yes . - You can 't do this ! You sound agitated , Mr Skinner . - Was it my gun ? - Your gun ? Used to kill the detective . If it was , you 'd want to report it to the police immediately . - Don 't think I won 't . - Then why are you calling me ? You realized you 'd be admitting to obstruction of justice , criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence ? The consequences could be very serious , even if you were able to persuade the authorities that you didn 't kill the detective . What did I cover up ? I think the less you know , the better , under the circumstances . I need to know what that man died for . He died for you , Mr Skinner . He died so you could have what you wanted . A cure for Agent Scully . Isn 't that what you want ? Agent Scully is in the hospital . If you can do anything for her , I want it done now . I 'm aware of Agent Scully 's progress . If anything happens to her , I will expose you . I 'II turn state 's evidence . I don 't care what happens to me . Agent Scully stands to live a Iong and healthy life . I would hope the same for you , Mr Skinner . Right in here . The police said we could use the bathroom . But the truth is , no one wants to use it , not after what happened yesterday . Do you mind my asking what you 're looking for ? I need a hammer . Any reason you 're not running this through the FBI lab ? This evidence is classified . We 've had some controversy over security . - I 'd appreciate your discretion . - Certainly . - Can you tell what kind of bees made that ? - I might be able to give you an answer . If I told you the bees that made that could be lethal , would that help ? Any kind of bee can be lethal , provided you get stung by enough of them . Even Africanized honeybees , " killer bees " , have the same venom as European honeybees . It 's just that they attack in swarms . You may be in luck . - What is it ? - Royal jelly . A highly nutritious secretion of the honeybee 's pharyngeal gland . It 's fed to the very young larvae in a colony . See for yourself . Is that gonna hatch ? Once they pupate , I should be able to give you some definitive answers . The minute you learn something , I 'd appreciate a call . Is this related to that other case ? - If you don 't mind my asking . - What other case ? I got a call from an agent about six months ago , asking me about killer bees . - Who was it ? - Name was Fox Mulder . I wondered if there 's any connection . No . Anyway , I 'II call you . Sir ? You looking for me ? I was just writing you a note . - Where have you been ? - First Nations Bank of Virginia . - What am I looking at ? - The bank is adjacent to where the detective was killed . A surveillance camera caught this . That man is Detective Thomas . This man in the baseball hat was identified by the officer on duty at the forensics lab as " Agent Mulder " . - Can you get a usable image off this ? - I 'm gonna deliver it to Special Photo now . What did you want to talk to me about ? You were writing me a note . I was just checking on your progress . Ms Covarrubias ? I 'm Walter Skinner , an assistant director at the FBI . - Yes ? - I was hoping you could help me . I understand Agent Fox Mulder has been in contact with you about a project . A project ? An agricultural project involving bees or bee husbandry . Yes , but I wasn 't able to give him any information . Why was that ? The project he cited turned up no viable evidence . - Evidence of what ? - Beehives or bee husbandry . What if I said I had access to that evidence ? You have access to these bees ? I may , soon . Very soon . - Agent Mulder . - Thanks for gettin ' here so quickly . - What is it ? - A break . Maybe even a lead . I wanted you to look at this body before somebody stole it . See these pocks and blisters ? They 're the same as we saw on the deceased postal worker . - Symptoms of what ? - Smallpox . The first reported case in over seven years . Smallpox ? It 's an especially virulent strain caused by a mutated variola virus . Caused how ? How could he have contracted a disease that doesn 't even exist anymore ? From these . What are they ? Bee stingers and venom sacs recovered from the victim 's face , arm and neck . He was stung by bees carrying smallpox ? He was a forensic entomologist . I consulted him months ago about a similar fatality . - You 've seen this before . - But I 've never had any evidence until now . I think that 's what somebody 's trying to prevent . - Why ? - I can only guess . I think somebody is trying to engineer a method of delivery , for a disease that has killed more people throughout history than any other contagion . - I can suggest an appropriate response ... - Can they be stopped ? We don 't know who they are . And we won 't until we know the identity of that shooter . - How close are you ? - Very . I 've got a photo tech working on the surveillance video . He can show me something soon . I told him you 'd authorize the overtime . Of course . I 'm gonna go over there right now . Tell me what you find . Just grabbing ' a cup of coffee . Misty Nagatta ? My name is Walter Skinner . I was just going . We only get a ten-minute break , and my supervisor 's pretty strict . I need to talk to you , Misty . - About your coworker . - If this is about Jane , I already told the police everything I know . Everything ? - I don 't wanna lose my job . - You 're not gonna lose anything . I 'm asking you to cooperate in a criminal investigation . Jane ? What do you mean ? - Jane 's death may not have been an accident . - What ? She was my best friend . I 'm sorry . We worked it out so that our vacations overlapped . We were going to Palm Beach . Both of us were tryin ' to lose weight so we could buy new bathing suits . The men who came here , they said if I talked to anyone , I 'd lose my job . Did they say who they were ? No , and I didn 't ask . They just wanted the package . What package ? Damaged packages are routed here for inspection before they get reshipped . The place where these packages are kept , how close is it to the rest room ? It 's just the next door down the hall . They 've got a storage room . The damaged package that they wanted , do you remember where it was being sent ? No . Not offhand . - Is there any way of finding out ? - I can look up the tracking number . That would be a big help to me , Misty . And maybe to Jane . We went through every inch of that tape to find the best angle for identification . It was videotape , shot at a distance , under extreme low light . So this is the best you could do ? It 's better than I thought it would be . I tried every trick . I 'm not trying to be difficult . It 's just that this is very important to me . I need to be sure . I need you to print out a hard copy of that for me . This is the Iast remaining specimen . The bees from the scientist 's house have been contained and destroyed . And the body ? It also has been sanitized . How did this happen ? The details are unimportant . Details are everything . Much more important than your vague assurances . You 'II have to trust my assurance that all breaches have been handled . Handled by whom ? I have a man in place . A man with no other choice but to succeed . And what " assurance " can you give us that he can be trusted ? We can 't risk even the slightest exposure . He has nothing to expose , except his own duplicity . Should we assume that the trial run is proceeding as planned ? It 's already begun . - Hey , it 's my turn . - No , it isn 't . Mrs Kemper ! Billy got stung by a bee ! Everyone , inside ! Everybody , inside ! Inside ! Move it , move it ! slow down ! Oh , my God ! David ! David , get up ! Quick ! Come on ! Run ! Dr Linzer ? My name 's Walter Skinner . You 're overseeing the treatment of these children ? - You 'II wanna hear me out . - I 'm in the middle of it . If you 're treating them for bee stings , you 're wrong . - What should I be treating them for ? - Smallpox . Is this a joke ? Every child in this town who hasn 't already been infected needs to be vaccinated . We don 't vaccinate against smallpox because there is no smallpox . Run tests if you don 't believe me . I don 't need to . Smallpox has an eight-day incubation period and these kids were stung a few hours ago . How do you reconcile that ? I can 't . Excuse me . Let me know when you 've got an answer . In the meantime , I 've got things to do . - Doctor ! - Mr Skinner ? How do you know who I am ? Because you contacted me . I 'm Marita Covarrubias . What are you doing here ? Your call about those bees prompted me to make inquiries . Into what ? Seven packages that were sent from Canada to a PO box in Payson , South Carolina . I came here to find out what was in those packages . - You 're a Iittle late to do anything about it . - So are you , apparently . What brought you here ? You came to me for information , but you still haven 't told me what you know about this . My office has to answer to the Secretary-General of the United Nations . This is a very serious matter . I need to know what 's going on . I think it 's some kind of experiment . - An experiment ? - Using bees as carriers . That 's what was in those packages ? - Have you told Agent Mulder this ? - Not yet . - Why not ? - I can 't . Why ? - Are you involved in this , Mr Skinner ? - I didn 't ... - No , I 'm not involved . - Then what are you doing here ? - What aren 't you telling me ? - Nothing . If you know who 's behind this , you have to come forward , Mr Skinner . No one else can . Put the gun down and move away from the desk . - I was just calling ... - I said put the gun down ! You don 't understand . No . I do now . No , you don 't . - Is that the gun you shot the detective with ? - No ! You shot an innocent man . - I didn 't kill him ! - You 're a liar ! You 've been working with the Smoking Man . You knew when he killed my father and when they took Scully . - Listen to me . - I 've heard enough . He set me up ! He stole my gun and then he put it back ! So the police are probably on their way . - I don 't believe you . - Look at my desk drawer , Agent Mulder . Look at it ! Why would I force my own lock ? If I lied to you ... I have lied to you , and I won 't make excuses for those lies . But there 's a reason that I did what I did . One that I think you 're in a unique position to understand . I advised you against a certain course of action some time ago , concerning Agent Scully . I didn 't follow my own advice . Give me the gun . How soon will you know if that 's the weapon that killed Detective Thomas ? As long as it takes to put one of these slugs into a scope and run a comp . This is the slug we recovered from the detective 's body . You see this stria here and here ? They 're rifling patterns , imprinted from the barrel of the same gun . So this is definitely the murder weapon ? If I were called to testify , I 'd say without a doubt . So where 'd you find it ? In a sewer grate , around the corner from the crime scene . Sometimes you get lucky . - And sometimes you don 't , right ? - What do you mean ? The serial number - it 's been filed clean off . Now , unless Forensics pulled a print , this gun 's virtually untraceable . Leave it off . I 'm getting used to the dark . - Is this part of our deal ? - We never had a deal . No ? Agent Scully is dying and you haven 't done a damn thing about it . - You think that 's funny ? - Just enjoying the irony , Mr Skinner . Only yesterday you said you wouldn 't be party to murder . And now here you are . Yours isn 't the first gun I 've had pointed in my face , Mr Skinner . I 'm not afraid to die . But if you kill me , you 'II also kill Agent Scully . You have no intention of saving her . You never did . Are you certain ? I saved her life once before when I had her returned to Agent Mulder . I may save her life again . But you 'II never know if you pull the trigger , will you ? Now , unless you intend to kill me , I 'd Iike to answer my phone . Yes ? He was just here . He threatened to kill me . I 'm sure Mulder will be contacting you . He 'II want to know if Skinner 's seen all there is to see . I 'II tell him what you want me to tell him . Tell him what he wants to hear . Subtitles by Visiontext I made this ! US ENGLISH
