 DrOpenshaw , congratulations . Your work , it 's completed . You should see her . 25 years . She must seem like an old friend . Yes . We 're going out to celebrate . If you 'd Iike to come ... No . You go on ahead . This is the end . I never thought I 'd hear myself say those words after all these years . You put your life into something . Build it , protect it . The end is as unimaginable as your own death . Or the death of your children . I could never have scripted the events that led us to this . None of us could . AII the brilliant men . The secret that we kept so well . It happened simply , Iike this . We had a perfect conspiracy with an alien race . aliens who were coming to reclaim this planet and to destroy all human life . Our job was to secretly prepare the way for their invasion . To create for them a slave race of human / alien hybrids . They were good plans . Right plans . Kept secret for over 50 years , ever since the crash at Roswell . Kept secret from men like Fox Mulder . plans that would 've worked , had not a rebel alien race come to destroy them . Had not my own son chosen betrayal . Or chosen to betray more wisely . AD Skinner , I didn 't hear the elevator . I was workin ' here . - Working on what , Agent Spender ? - Progress report on the X-Files . - Progress report to who ? - Just a file . I wasn 't aware that you 'd made any progress . I 've received but one memorandum . - Are you planning to hit me all at once ? - It 's been slow going . Truth is , your purpose is not to make any progress , isn 't it ? Truth is , you have no interest in the X-Files . Beyond a certain personal case . - Your mother 's abduction . - alleged abduction . That 's what I 'm here about . - What happened here ? - No one knows yet . A group of people were burned alive here . Another man 's on life support . Only your mother survived . Where is she ? Where is she ? They 've got her outside . Mom . Mom . It 's me , Jeffrey . Mom , what happened to you ? It 's been so long , I thought I 'd never see you again . Don 't cry , honey . Where have you been ? What did they do to you ? I need to talk to someone . You can tell me . I need to speak to Agent Mulder . - I don 't want him talking with her . - Why ? He 's forbidden from the X-Files . - She 's asking for him . - She 's my mother . What are you afraid of ? Mulder filling her head with alien abduction nonsense . Are you afraid of the truth ? I wanna know who did this to her and why . That 's all . Then why not use every resource available to you ? I 'II send you a progress report . My son refused to believe that his mother had been abducted , though it had been going on for years . Even after I had him put in charge of the X-Files , where Fox Mulder had amassed so much evidence of our secret plans , he still couldn 't bring himself to accept the possibility of alien life . When he did come to believe , when the facts became so glaring , he turned . Not to me , his father , but to the man I 'd ruined . The man I 'd chosen for him to replace . Hey , Milk . Let 's play ball . Yo , homestyle , cough up the rock . - Game . - No , Ike , it don 't work like that . Hey , homegirl . Word up ? Mulder , it 's my distinct impression that you just cheated , - and that you 're not coming in again today . - I got game . I 'm wondering if you have any work left in you . No , I 'm ready to j-o-b . Just not on some jagoff shoeshine tip . No jagoff shoeshine tip ? No background-checking jagoff shoeshine tip . About your j-o-b , somebody 's been trying very hard to reach you . Somebody who wants you back at the FBI ASAP . - About what ? - About an X-File . Lookin ' for work , Agent Spender ? I got a whole pile in that middle drawer that I 'd love to shove down someone 's throat . - I think you know why I 'm here . - They found your mother . She wants to talk to you . - I didn 't hear the magic word . - I 'm not going down on my knees . Are you asking me , Agent Spender ? My mother turns up in a train car , where she 's been operated on by doctors who were burned alive . I just want the truth . The truth is out there , Agent Spender . Maybe you should find it for yourself . - I expected you sooner . - I 've been at the train yard . Trying to tidy things up . The overkill will be hard to divert attention from . But not as hard as from Cassandra . You have no idea , do you ? Cassandra is a success . No . She can 't be . Not now . I had prepared a syringe for her , as agreed . But the rebels came . They saved her to expose us . - She is the key to everything . - I won 't let her out of our hands . They will run medical tests on her . It 's only a matter of time . Cassandra must be terminated . They will come and question me . I know . I 'm sorry . A man should never live long enough to see his children or his work destroyed . - Hello ? - Have you heard the news ? - No . - The rebels have struck . - Where ? - In Virginia . During one of our medical procedures . They killed the project doctors . Burned them . - AII of them ? - Yes . Dr Openshaw died in the hyperbaric chamber this evening . My God . I 've called an emergency meeting of the Syndicate . Only the future rides on our response . I 'II be on a plane . - Dr Openshaw . - I 've come to see you . - I didn 't expect to find you here . - Where 'd you expect to find me ? Agent Spender offered you an X-File assignment . It wasn 't exactly an offer . Isn 't it the opportunity you 've been waiting for ? It is an opportunity made to order for the powers that be . It 's a setup ? This is the kind of mistake they 've been waiting for to come down on me full force . - But Agent Spender asked you . - Like I said , not exactly . We 've seen this before . Bodies set aflame with no conclusive cause of combustion . Mulder . I know . I was with Cassandra Spender when she disappeared . You sat with me while I was under hypnosis when I spoke of just these sorts of details . I am sure that what she would tell us would expose more than just what happened to her . I was taken to one of those train cars . I was tested just like Cassandra . What if what she tells us could expose who did this to me ? Mulder , Agent Spender doesn 't have to know . Oh , my God . My God . - Cassandra . - Oh , Dana . Oh , my God . It 's so good to see you . We 're old friends . If I can get a hold of a wheelchair , you wanna go out for some fresh air ? I don 't need a wheelchair . But I am dying for a cigarette . It feels so good to walk . The doctors don 't know what to say . I told them they wouldn 't believe how it happened , and they wouldn 't . No , I 'm not gonna tell anybody this time , 'cause nobody believes you anyway . They want to hear it , but they just think you 're crazy . Guess I wouldn 't believe it either , except that it happened to me . No . I 'm only gonna tell somebody I can trust and who can do something about it . I was hoping when I saw you that Agent Mulder was gonna be coming in behind you . I 've got a surprise for you , Cassandra . - Agent Mulder ? - Shh , shh . Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! I think I 'm gonna pee the floor . Don 't do that . Look at you . I told you about their power . You said you didn 't believe it . I had reasons for doubt when I met you , Cassandra . You just doubted yourself . You were just doubting you 'd ever see her again , weren 't you ? Your sister . Agent Mulder told me he believed he saw his sister last year . That wasn 't her , Agent Mulder . - Then where is she ? - Out there . With them . The aliens . Cassandra , you were found in a train car . You 'd been operated on by doctors . Yes , that 's right . - And these are the doctors who cured you ? - No , the aliens cured me . The doctors were working with them . That 's what I wanted to tell you . What ? I told you that the aliens were here to do good and that I was being used as an oracle to spread the word . Only now I know what the aliens are here for , and it isn 't good . What are they here for ? To wipe us off the planet . They 're taking over the universe . They 're infecting all other life forms with a black substance called Purity . It 's their life force . It 's what they 're made of . It 's the virus . The black Oil . But , Cassandra , the doctors weren 't infected . They were burned . By another race of aliens . A rebel force , that are mutilating their faces so that they won 't be infected . - This is what I couldn 't tell my son Jeffrey . - Why couldn 't you tell Jeffrey ? Because he doesn 't believe me . Even though his life is in danger by these same rebel aliens . Spender 's life 's in danger ? He 's in with the men that have been working with the alien colonists for 50 years . Working to do what ? Whatever it is they did to me , and to you , Dana . And you know who these men are ? Oh , sure . One of them 's my ex-husband . Jeffrey 's father . Cassandra was starting to realize her role in the greatest science project ever known . She was the center of 50 years of work . The key to all of our plans . Something even my colleagues didn 't realize yet . I killed to keep them unknowing . I killed Dr Openshaw so they wouldn 't discover her , when it 's Cassandra I should 've killed , Cassandra who needed to die . I couldn 't do it . With all the blood on my hands , I couldn 't kill the mother of my own son . The woman I never even loved . My colleagues never knew , focused as they were on the new threat , the faceless alien rebels who 'd burned our doctors alive . But my colleagues had become old men , blind to the fact that the faceless rebels already held the upper hand , that they 'd used their powers of disguise to infiltrate our group . Rebels have attacked and burned facilities in New Mexico and the Southwest . The medical staff at our Arizona research facility has been slain . The train-car deaths cost us . Work on the human / alien hybrids will suffer the death of Dr Openshaw . What do they want ? To expose our enterprise , everything we 've worked for . While some hotshot reporter 's gonna put the pieces together . - Not to mention law enforcement . - We have our control on the federal agencies . Our new man at the FBI is very capable of diverting attention . Why not side with the rebels ? Join their alien resistance . It 's an option . It 's an option you declined long ago . Resistance was futile then . Why would it be less so now ? That 's why you voted against it . Against men like Bill Mulder . Collaboration has allowed you to prepare , to stall colonization . How close are you to developing a human / alien hybrid ? That alone ensures your survival . As slave laborers for the aliens . What about your vaccine ? By collaborating , you bought time to secretly develop a way to combat the aliens , - to fight the future . - alex , enough ! For 50 years , we 've worked on this project . 50 years since Roswell . We can 't sacrifice ourselves for every new threat , can we , now ? - Why risk getting caught ? - They 'II monitor any work on our machines . We need access to files , a name that 'II raise flags . Maybe she was making it all up . Smokey 's got a name . Get up from the desk . Get up , turn the computer off . Grab whatever you took , or print it out and give it to me . Let 's go , Agents . They 're coming . - Who ? - Just go . Assistant Director . I 'II assume you came to apprehend these agents for unauthorized entry into my office . I 'II make sure it 's duly noted in the report at their dismissal . I 've done as you 've asked . Mulder 's gone up to his superiors . He and his partner will be processed out of the FBI . I 've done as you 've asked . Now I would Iike you to do for me . Do for you ? I think I 'm entitled . - To ? - The truth . The truth about my mother . - She won 't tell me . - Because you won 't believe her . Maybe you won 't believe me . - Maybe it 's better not to know . - I need to know ! You need to show me you 're capable of handling the responsibility . Don 't try me , old man ! I gave you responsibility . I gave you a position ! I gave you things you couldn 't get . You can 't do the job ! Keeping Fox Mulder down is not a job ! It 's your dirty work ! You pale to Fox Mulder . - Bet you 're curious about CGB . - What 's that ? CGB Spender . His name . Cigarette-Smoking Man . What 's it stand for ? It 's an alias , as far as I can figure . One of hundreds . Scully , wanna go one-on-one ? We got time now that we 're on administrative leave . Aren 't you curious what I 've got in the box ? Everything I could find on him . Nothing you could ever find would be accurate or credible . Maybe . But there 's a picture you 're gonna wanna see . That 's CGB Spender and my father . It was taken in 1973 . The connection was something they worked on for 25 years at the State Department . A highly classified project . There 's more , if you 're ready . Cassandra Spender is indeed the mother of Agent Jeffrey Spender and the ex-wife of CGB Spender . But there 's something that you 're gonna be surprised to find out . She was first abducted in 1973 , on the night of November 27th . That 's the same night as my sister . There are other names connected to CGB Spender and your father . PhD 's , doctors . One , a Nobel winner for early works in genetics . A Dr Eugene Openshaw . He was found amongst the burn victims , clinging to life beside Cassandra Spender . He died the next day in the hospital , before he was questioned . - The project is still going on . - Yeah . If Mulder hadn 't known of his father 's history with me , he was fueled now with names and dates and certainties . I couldn 't stop him any longer . Stop him from learning our sins . His father 's and my own . The truth was out there , fatally exposed . I had one last hope . One chance to preserve my legacy . - I waited like you asked . - Good . I 'm pleased . I was doubtful after our last meeting . You have a new job for me ? Yes . I may have been unduly harsh . You deserve a fighting chance to prove your father wrong . - What is it ? - A weapon . A man has infiltrated the group that I work with . That 's to kill him . I don 't understand . He 's pretending to be a member of our group , disguising himself as a man he 's already killed . You will greet him as that man , engage him in conversation , then put that in the back of his neck . You can do it , Jeffrey . Watch where you point that . Sir , my name is Jeffrey Spender . My father sent me to see you . - I have a message from the group . - They 've changed their minds ? That 's what I 'm here about . Sit , please . - What have you to tell me ? - Something I 've been entrusted with . It 's a name , actually . One that will have meaning for you . I 'm sorry . Thanks for coming . I know it 's late , and you 're forbidden to have any contact with us . Sir . Cassandra Spender 's life is in danger ? Her life 's been in danger goin ' on 30 years . Just not the way I think it is now . In danger from who ? Men who 've conducted experiments on a secret government project , that is now the most private global enterprise . - Enterprising to do what ? - To develop alien / human hybrids that will survive the viral apocalypse when aliens colonize the Earth . I suppose you have proof of this . Files that Agent Scully dug up that make connections to Dr Eugene Openshaw , to my sister , to my father , to Agent Spender 's father . - Agent Spender 's father ? - The Smoking Man . - What ? - It 's true , sir . We have documented evidence . You believe this , Agent Scully ? This whole account ? I know she has doubts about the purposes of these experiments , but she believes she was a test subject when she was abducted four years ago . If Cassandra 's life was in danger , why not Scully 's ? Cassandra represents the final stages of these experiments . She may very well be the first successful alien / human hybrid . What I don 't understand is , if she was a success , then why is her life threatened ? Because the men who created her would rather kill her than let her expose the enterprise . She 's under 24-hour guard . Assigned by Agent Spender ? You 've never seen one before , have you ? It 's shocking at first . The acceptance of the idea ... It 's something you thought only children and fools believed in . It undermines your beliefs , in yourself and the world . - But then you come to understand . - Understand what ? Well , the responsibility that this knowledge demands by the men who have it . The great sacrifice , by great men like your father . - What sacrifice ? - The sacrifice of your mother . What do you know about that ? Just that she 's been the subject of an experiment for 25 years . My father 's involved in that ? - Is he ? - Your father directs the experiments . So I 'm protecting her now so the experiments can continue ? That 's why he put you on the X-Files . That 's why your father sent you here tonight . You 're protecting the project , Jeff . Making the sacrifices . So that you can be a great man , too . I 'II be my own great man . I 've trusted no one . Treachery is the inevitable result of all affairs . Every man believes he has his own good reason . I have little doubt of my son 's disloyalty to me . Certainly , he led Mulder and Scully to us . His mother must know by now her central role in the grand plan , that she 's as much alien as human . Do you wonder why I 've chosen you ? You 've never betrayed me . Now I need someone to trust . I 'II help you . It 's not too late . Cassandra ? Ms Spender ? - Where 's my mother ? - You tell me , Agent Spender . Where 's the guard ? I had a guard posted here ... I got here and she was gone . - He took her . - Who ? Agent Spender ? - Cassandra ? - I can 't believe I found you . How did you find us ? Cassandra ? How did you get here ? - How 'd you get out ? - How 'd you get your clothes ? Agent Scully , Agent Mulder , you cannot let them find me ! You cannot let them have me ! You have got to kill me ! Now ! If you don 't kill me , it all starts ! There won 't be any stopping it ! I am the one ! You have to shoot me ! please ! Mulder , what are you doing ? - Stay out of the way , Scully . - Mulder ! Mulder , we have to protect her ! Mulder ! Mulder ! Visiontext Subtitles : Yasmin Rammohan US ENGLISH
