 Igotmosquito bites . I got blisters . I hate those new boots . Honey , why are you so PO 'd ? I thought we had a good time . You had a good time . You had a fine time tromping around and leaving me a half a mile behind . For future reference , me running through the woods after you for a day is not my idea of a good time . I 'm sorry . I 've got longer legs . I was excited , you know ? The great outdoors , communing with nature . - Your head hurt ? - Yeah . You can hit me in the head with a rock if it 'II make you feel better . Fine . Go get one . I 'm taking a shower . - You still mad at me ? - No . I 'm not mad . Come here . So I guess we 're never going hiking again . It 's indoors forever from now on . Angie , honey , what 's up ? Just hold me . I don 't know what they did with the screen for this thing . This is Angela and Wallace Schiff , a young married couple last seen hiking near Brown Mountain , North Carolina . That 's Angie on the right . This is the condition in which their bodies were found after being missing for only three days in temperatures below 70 degrees . Which rules out decomposition . I 'd say predation , but the bones would be scattered . Not to mention that these skeletons are not wearing any clothes . Right . I 'd say it looks like a double murder , possibly one with ritualistic overtones . The bodies may have been stripped , then skeletonized , possibly by boiling or by the use of some kind of acid solution . Maybe the arrangement of the bodies has some meaning for the killer or killers . - At any rate , I 'd term it ritualistic . - That 's a big operation . There was no evidence at the scene . No tire tracks , no footprints , nothing . - What do you think this is ? - Brown Mountain doesn 't ring a bell ? Brown Mountain lights ? It 's a famous atmospheric phenomenon dating back 700 years , witnessed by thousands of people , back to the Cherokee Indians . Strange colored lights are seen to dance above the mountain . There 's been no geological or scientific credible explanation at all . What does that have to do with this ? There 's been no scientific credible explanation , but there are those of us who believe these lights are ... UFOs ? Extraterrestrial visitors from beyond who have nothing better to do than buzz one mountain over and over again for 700 years . Sounds like crap when you say it . I 'm just wondering if there 's a connection , Scully . The conditions of these bodies are reminiscent of cattle mutilations . Those cases have no physical evidence . They 've been associated with UFO activity . Can 't you just for once , just for the novelty of it , come up with the simplest explanation , the most logical one , instead of automatically jumping to UFOs or Big Foot ? Scully , in six years , how often have I been wrong ? No , seriously . Every time I bring you a new case , we go through this dance . You tell me I 'm not scientifically rigorous and that I 'm off my nut . And then , in the end , who turns out to be right 98.9 percent of the time ? I just think I 've earned the benefit of the doubt here . We gave ' em adjoining suites . I was ready to send them on to Chapel Hill . The state medical examiner should have a look . We appreciate you holding off . The connective tissue is intact . Unlike everything else . I 'm not sure what to make of it considering the time frame . If you 'II pardon an obvious question , are you sure that these are the right two bodies and not two others that have Iain out for six months ? We triple-checked the dental records . Angela and Wallace Schiff . No doubt about it . And they were both found near Brown Mountain , right ? - Where exactly ? - Well , I could write you some directions . Would you happen to know what this is ? The remains were found in a swampy area . Some sort of organic material relating to that . It 's bog sludge . I 'm gonna go check out where the bodies were found . - You coming ? - No . You go ahead . Wallace Schiff ? Wallace Schiff ? We got your gas spectrometer results . That stuff on the bones I said was bog sludge - it isn 't . " Water , hydrochloric acid , electrolytes , pepsins and trypsins . " - It 's a digestive secretion . - Stomach juices , pretty much . Pretty damn close to it , except for this . Chitinase ? It 's a digestive enzyme as well . But it 's strictly plant , not animal . Hello ? I told you I 'd seen this before . These are the two I remember , anyway . Both were discovered as skeletal remains . Right . But we saw nothing odd in that . Both were lost hikers found months or years later , whatever it says there . The bodies were found not far from where Angela and Wallace Schiff turned up . Mulder , answer your phone . The customer you are trying ... Do me a favor . Forward a sample of that secretion over to the FBI lab at Quantico . - I want them to run a complete analysis . - You got it . And , in the meantime , can I borrow your truck ? please ... don 't take me . Hey , come out here . Step closer . I won 't hurt you . - You 're not one of them ? - One of who ? Are you Wallace Schiff ? I hate to tell you this , Wallace , but you 're supposed to be dead . They found your skeleton not 200 yards from here . - It 's fake . They put it there . - Who put it there ? - You know who . - The Brown Mountain lights . They abducted us . Me and my wife Angela . They took us on board their ... God ... Wallace ? Wallace ? They found your wife Angela , too . Lying right alongside your skeleton . No ! Don 't you get it ? They faked our deaths . They have that kind of technology . Who the hell would be looking for us if they thought they 'd already found our bodies ? They returned me , but Angela 's still up there being experimented on and I can 't ... I don 't know what to ... What do I do ? Mulder ? First things first . We gotta find a way outta here . Right behind you . What the hell is going on ? That was solid rock . Now there 's nothing there . God . It 's them . They 're affecting your head . Maybe mine , too . What if I can 't even tell what 's real ? Wallace , Iet 's get outta here . - Come on , Wallace ! - They 're out there , man . It 's them . Wallace . Mulder ? Mulder ! Don 't let them see you . - They 're gone . - Yeah . For now . - Thank God they didn 't find us . - They should have . Maybe they came for something else . My God . My God . Angie . They brought her back . Angie , can you talk to me ? Do you remember what happened ? Can you tell me ? It 's all fuzzy and ... You were with your husband . You were with Wallace . There was a light . A bright light . Where was that light coming from ? From the mountain ? Over Brown Mountain . There were strange lights dancing over the peak . And ... they took me . And Wallace , too . - And then what happened ? - It just all went black . And when I woke up , I didn 't know where I was . And I couldn 't see Wallace anymore . They returned me first . This place that they took you to , can you describe it to me , tell me what it looked like ? It was white . A white place . It was featureless . I was Iying on a table and I couldn 't get up . Nothing was holding me down , but I couldn 't move . Were there men there ? Yes . There were men standing over me , but I couldn 't see their faces . Did they perform tests on you ? Yes , they did tests . Terrible tests . What ? You have a scar back here on the back of your neck . - What ? What scar ? - It 's fresh . - What is that ? - It 's an implant . I 've seen this before . Yes , the drill . I remember the drill . I couldn 't see it at first . That was the worst part . But I could hear it spinning , and it was coming out of the light ! - What did they put in me ? - Is there one in me ? Male abductions don 't usually report this . Everything is textbook except for one detail . What ? Two skeletons we found were identified as yours and Angie 's . It doesn 't make any sense . Maybe they 're like those cattle mutilations . Maybe they 're related or part of their tests . I had that thought , but there 's no precedent for it . It 's in none of the literature . They didn 't want anybody to find us . I guess they didn 't want you to know the truth . - We gotta get outta here right now . - No way . They 're out there . They 're always watching . If they find us , if we leave , they 'II take us again . We 're leaving right now . Gather your things . Angie , I 'II help you up . They 're coming . I can feel it . - They 're here ! - Hide . They 'II take you , too . - We 've got to hide ! - No . No ! - Scully . - Mulder ... Why did you leave North Carolina without telling me ? Long story . You disappear and then I get a furtive call that you 're in DC ? - I 'm sorry . Does anyone know you 're here ? - No . - Scully , this is ... - Angela and Wallace Schiff . - But , Mulder , it can 't be . - This is my partner . Agent Scully . - Mulder , I ID 'd their remains myself . - Yeah , I think you were meant to . Agent Scully , the aliens planted decoys so you would think we were dead . The aliens ? Scully , I want you to put aside your scientific bias for a moment . Because what I 'm about to tell you is gonna change your life forever . Your life , my Iife , the life of everybody on this planet . - Mulder ? - It was out there . And I found it . - What ? - The truth . This couple ... they were abducted by a UFO . Brown Mountain lights . They took me to a white place . There were men there . They put an implant in my neck . Just like what happened to you . From what very little I understand about this case , this is not what happened to me . There 's more . He doesn 't like the light . Who ? I abducted him . It 's a gray . It speaks to me . We communicate telepathically . He told me everything . I can hear him . Yeah . My God . I don 't know what to say , Mulder , where to begin . I mean , you were right . AII these years , you were right . You think so ? You were right about the grays , about the abductions , about the UFOs , the Brown Mountain lights . What about the skeletons ? - They were fake . They were decoys . - You 're buying that decoy theory ? What about that organic substance we found , that goo you were so interested in ? It was nothing . It was bog sludge . That doesn 't sound like you , Scully . God , I can 't believe you 're buying that . Mulder , I 'm admitting that I was wrong . Are you all right ? How are you feeling ? - This doesn 't make any sense . - What ? These two , their story , their skeletons . Mulder , if I of all people can believe this , then why can 't you ? - Did you go inside the cave ? - I Iooked . It 's empty . It 's as if he just vanished . He 's gotta be around . We 'II catch up to him . I know this area pretty well . Doctor . It 's more of that digestive material . Looks like it 's coming up from out of the ground . Agent Scully ? I got tracks going in and out . They were only going in before . - I guess you missed him . - How ? This cave 's not much more than a hole in the rock . Agent Scully ? The courier just arrived . He brought your partner 's charts . I 'm sorry . I know it 's difficult . That digestive secretion that we keep finding - could it have done this to him ? I 'm not sure I follow . It 's chemically similar to gastric juices , right ? Maybe he fell in it . Or maybe it 's a product of a particular vegetation that grows in the area . That all sounds plausible , I guess . Except for one thing . There 's no sign of it on these remains . It was on the Schiffs . I just think we need to look for the simplest explanation . The most logical . What is the most logical explanation ? I 'd say we 're looking at a murder , one with ritualistic overtones . I think his body was stripped and then skeletonized , possibly by boiling or use of an acid solution . Don 't worry , Agent . We 'II take care of the arrangements . What arrangements ? We 'II have the remains sent on to Washington . I appreciate the thoroughness of your report , especially given the circumstances . It might be best if you took some time off , some shore leave . Agent ? Sir ... You 're satisfied with my conclusions in this case ? Absolutely . I take it you 're not ? I was unable to determine a clear cause of death . Nor was I able to fully account for the condition of Agent Mulder 's body . You concluded he was a victim of a ritual killing . No . I mean , that was one possible scenario that I mentioned . But , in my mind , it was the least plausible . Not only is it plausible , it 's likely . Why are you questioning your own findings ? My role in the X-Files has always been to provide ... a rational , scientific perspective to cases that would seem to defy explanation . - A counterpoint to Agent Mulder . - And you have done that . - You have performed admirably . - Have I ? How many X-Files has my scientific approach fully and satisfactorily explained ? Your reports have consistently made sense of his conclusions . Sir , this one makes no sense at all . Are you suggesting this is anything other than a murder ? That 's what Agent Mulder would have thought . And you think he would 've been right ? Given his life work , it 's tempting to attribute his death to the paranormal , the unexplained , the unknown , but that 's simply not the case here . We need to see this for what it is . And given that , I promise you we 'II get the bastard who did this . I 'm sorry . Agent Scully , how are you holding up ? - I still can 't believe it . - Neither can we . I half expect Mulder to come knocking at that door . " Surprise . " - This 'II dull the pain . - No , thank you . Just so you know ... we 've launched our own investigation . I was beginning to think that I was the only one who was suspicious . We 'II find him . We 'II find him and we 'II make him pay . - Find who ? - The son of a bitch who killed Mulder . I hope you 're not offended , but we managed to get ahold of your report . We were impressed by the thoroughness of it . - Especially given the circumstances . - I don 't understand . We concur with your findings . clearly , this was a ritualistic murder . Those are not my findings . You guys believe that too , that Mulder was murdered ? - It 's the obvious answer . - No , it is not the obvious answer ! We believe his body was stripped , then skeletonized by boiling or an acid solution . - We 'II make that monkey pay . - What the hell is wrong with everybody ? There are unanswered questions here . Am I the only one that 's asking them ? I could use a drink . You three of all people , you should be all over this , not buying the party line . Something else is going on here . Am I the only one who thinks that ? Are you all right ? You need to go home and get some rest . - I 'II call you a cab . - What have you done with him ? You 're emotionally distraught . You need to calm down . Where is Mulder ? Where is he ? What have you done with him ? Listen to me . He 's gone . You need to accept that . Something else is going on here . Where is he ? Where 's Mulder ? Scully . We were in the cave when the light came . It was a blinding blue-white light . And then they took me . I was abducted . I found myself in some kind of medical bay . It was a white , featureless ... - It was just as the Schiffs had described it . - They 're dead . No , actually , they 're not . Mulder , their remains were discovered in a field . That 's what brought us to this case in the first place . I found your remains in that same field . Me ... I 'm here . - How did you get here ? - The aliens brought me back here . From North Carolina direct to your apartment door ? Mulder , you don 't remember getting here , do you ? Neither do I. It doesn 't change what happened . Mulder , why did you knock ? This is your apartment . And you don 't seem the least bit surprised to find me here . And what about the Schiffs ? If they 're alive , as you say , then ... Then where are they ? Where 'd they go ? Mulder , five minutes ago this room was filled with people attending your wake . What can I say , Scully ? I 'm here . I 'm real . Mulder , this is not reality . This is a hallucination . It has to be . Either I am having it , or you are having it or we are having it together . - Brought on by what ? - Something that we found in that field , because that 's where it began . Wild mushrooms . Wild mushrooms . They were growing there . I stepped on one and it gave off spores . Several varieties of mushrooms are known for their hallucinogenic properties . - If we inhaled it ... - What about the most logical explanation ? This is it , Mulder . What if we 're still there , if we 're still in that cave in North Carolina ? That we 're not here in this apartment right now . Scully ... Bear with me . I think this is making sense . I think that Angela and Wallace Schiff were digested by that substance that I found all over that field , that they were dissolved and then expelled up out of the ground . What if that substance and this hallucinogen are from one and the same organism ? A giant mushroom ? A giant fungal organism . We already know that they exist . Biologists have found specimens that range dozens of acres , that weigh hundreds of tons . What if this one needs to feed on living tissue ? There is carnivorous plant life . There 's the Venus flytrap and the pitcher plant . - What if this one puts off an hallucinogen ... - To lure its prey into the cave ? To make it complacent , to keep it still while it devours it . What if we 're still underground , Mulder ? What if we 're moving deeper into the cave ? Or being moved ? Mulder , what if we 're being digested ... right now ? The exact size of this organism is yet to be determined ? That 's correct , sir . We know that the organism extends for at Ieast ten acres , though it 's mostly subterranean , so it may be far larger . We 've contacted Fish and Wildlife . We 've contacted the North Carolina Health Department and the FBI office in Raleigh . And we 've contacted mycologists at the Smithsonian . We have our bases covered . The lab results determined that the spores we were exposed to have a chemical structure similar to LSD . They also contain an alkaloid which induces a state of narcosis . It 's a rare day when the two of you sign off on the same report . Agent Mulder ? I 'm just thinking . I 'm not exactly clear on how we escaped . What 's not clear ? Once you recognized that we were under a chemical influence , then it broke its spell ? That 's right . Scully , how could we simply will ourselves out of a chemical hallucination ? - The fact remains , we did . - Did we ? Can you name one drug that loses its effect once the user realizes it 's in his system ? I assume the effects wore off and you were both able to escape . How long were we underground ? Hours ? Half a day ? Our bodies don 't show effects of being burned by the digestive fluids . We were covered in hydrochloric acid , yet look at our skin . Nothing . Mulder , where are you going with this ? Scully , we never escaped . We 're still trapped underground . Mulder , we did escape . You 're suffering from post-traumatic stress . No , I 'm not . This is not real . You , you 're not real . Mulder ... I 'II prove it , Scully . I 'II prove it . Mulder ! Over here . Come on ! He 's alive . Hurry up . Get him out . Get him out ! Keep digging . She 's down here . Pull her out ! - Mushroom ... - We found it . Just take it easy . Visiontext Subtitles : Yasmin Rammohan US ENGLISH
