 Checkmate . Go on ! Take your shot , alex . Right there ! I was sent to bring you back . You know you 're going places in the Bureau when the assistant director tidies your office . What 's up ? I was just , uh , looking . For anything special ? I came down to ask you something . I guess I was nosing around , wondering about you , your Iong-term plans . My Iong-term plans ? You got ' em in your hands . What do you hope to find ? I mean , in the end ? Whatever I hope to find is in here . Maybe I 'II know it when I find it . - Is that what you came to ask me ? - No . There 's a case , not your usual . A murder , an assassination of a Russian chess player . The shooter is former National Security Agency , one of ours . He 's got a Iot of people upset . This kid , Jeffrey Spender , Special Agent Spender , he 's been given the case . Did you give it to him ? No . It came as an order from somewhere outside the Bureau . He 's got his team assembled . He was very specific that you be excluded . Using a weapon registered to a US intelligence agency , the shooter fired one shot at Anatol KIevinol before being captured without incident a short distance from the scene . No motive has been established , nor has the shooter offered a statement or accomplice . please continue . The trajectory of the shot suggests the shooter acted alone , but we cannot rule out an accomplice or conspiracy . A single bullet was fired from a catwalk at a steep angle , striking the target just right of the solar plexus . Um , sorry . Can you rewind the tape ? - please . I 'II tell you where . Just take it back . - If you have any questions , we can talk later . I don 't have any questions . No , I just think you 're wrong . Mulder , what are you doing ? The Russian wasn 't the target . His opponent was . His opponent , Agent Mulder , was a 12-year-old boy . And a good chess player . Let me show you his best move . If you just take it back . OK . Stop it there . Look what the kid does here , before the kill shot . play . You see what he does ? He just pushes back . - You see that ? - He 's pushing back because the game 's over . You described a steep trajectory for the kill shot . If the kid doesn 't push back , he catches the bullet in the neck , not the Russian . - Can we move on here ? - I think Agent Mulder is right . Looks like the boy sensed the shooter precognitively . If you rewind the tape , you 'II see it . There 's no way . It 's impossible . Just rewind the tape so we can all see for ourselves . You look surprised . Is it that I 'm here ? Or that I 'm alive ? When we heard you 'd been shot , we 'd assumed the worst . There were reports you lost too much blood to have survived . Obviously you underestimated me . More obviously , you overestimated the man you sent to do the job . Well , Iet 's say all is forgiven . Now you have a job for me . There 's been an incident , an unfortunate mistake . Yes . I 've seen , I 've heard , I 've read . - The boy is a problem to us . - What would you Iike me to do ? Shoot him dead ? Splatter his brains ? Dear God ! What 's the matter ? Does this sort of business offend you ? It 's in your interest , as in ours . You think you know my interest ? Can we count on you ? Yes . How long have you been with the Bureau ? Since ' 91 . I took an assignment in Europe after the Wall came down , when the director stepped up foreign terrorism concerns . And they brought you on this because of a terrorism angle ? No . I requested a reassignment . There were things at home I decided I wanted to get back to . 1991 , that 's about when you started work on the X-Files . More or less , yeah . Uh , I 'd ... betterjust put it down . - No offense , Mom , but that was cool . - Homer ? Gibson ? Hi . My name is Fox . This is Dana and Diana . How you doing ? I don 't mind it here . They get all the good TV shows . Where I Iive in the Philippines all you get is Baywatch . What 's wrong with Baywatch ? You 've got a dirty mind . Your parents are gonna pick you up on Friday to take you back home . I don 't wanna play any chess . How do you know I want to ? Cos you got that cheap old chess computer in your hand . It 's not so cheap . Don 't you want to see how fast you can beat it ? No . Maybe because you can 't . I 'm right , aren 't I ? You know what I 'm talking about . You knew the moment I came in . That 's how you win . How you know what your opponent 's gonna do . You get inside his head , read his thoughts . That 's how you knew that man was gonna shoot you . Isn 't it ? I know what 's on your mind . I know you 're thinking about one of the girls you brought . One of them 's thinking about you . Which one ? He doesn 't want me to say . This kid 's gonna need round-the-clock protection . Mulder ? - What was that all about ? - That kid 's no chess master . I could probably beat him . He 's recognized internationally as a prodigy . He 's beaten grandmasters . The most unfair advantage . What he 's doing is a magic trick . He was goofing on you . He was playing along . You 're positing that this kid can read minds . We 've seen a number of these cases before . We have seen cases of fakers and lucky guessers , but no one that has been able to stand up to rigorous testing , and no one who has gone so far as to claim that they can zero in on the mind of one person in a crowd of thousands . - Maybe that 's why they want him dead . - Who ? Who are you talking about ? - I don 't know . I 'm not the mindreader . - Say that what you 're suggesting is possible . Who would want to kill a kid who offers you the ultimate advantage ? I mean , in business , in war , in anything ? Maybe somebody whose business is in keeping secrets . Well , Iet 's test him . I think the kid 'II stand up . Let 's run a brain scan and a psych evaluation on him . You know what to do , Diana . So you two know each other ? It was a Iong time ago . - Why are you here ? - To talk to the shooter . I 've just spent the Iast six hours talking with him . - He 's not been what I 'd call forthcoming . - Let me see what I can do . I 'd prefer you stay out of there . In fact , I 'd prefer you stay out of this thing altogether . When I first met you , I figured you were ambitious . Then I thought you were arrogant . - Now I wonder what you 're protecting . - I 'm trying to run this thing right , not Iike some paranormal free-for-all . You 're insulting me , when you should take notes . You got the assignment , but just cos you wear the suit doesn 't mean it fits . You 're lucky you 're not defusing an international incident and sending agents barking down a Iot of bad leads . Now , the kid is the key to this . And the shooter knows why . Excuse me . What does it take to kill a kid ? Money or just evil stupidity ? - I didn 't kill a kid . - No . Thanks to the kid . Wanna talk about heartlessness ? Your squeaky friend there hasn 't given me any food or water for 16 hours . I won 't tolerate that . Spender , you gotta get this guy some food . Come on . I 've got nothing to say . I read your bio . You 've been trained , Special Forces . You were in Grenada , Zaire . You were inside Saddam 's palace with a hit squad when they bombed it , - yet you failed to kill him as well . - Like I say ... Yeah , I know , you got nothing to say . That 's OK , I 'm a pretty good guesser . The kid reads minds . How 's that ? Why don 't I tell them you told me that ? Then let 's see how safe you feel in here . What can you do for me ? I don 't know . I might be able to get you immunity or get you into the witness protection program . - Never happen . - Think about it . What did you get ? Did you get anything ? Just his attention . How you doin ' ? I didn 't like those tests . I didn 't like being in the machine . They are a Iittle scary , aren 't they ? - You 're wondering , aren 't you ? - About what ? About you ? About that other girl . She 's wondering about you , too . We 're gonna show you a group of cards , and as we look at them we want you to tell us what we 're thinking . Now , take as much time as you need . Chair . Piano . Piece of pie . Light bulb . Smiley face . Statue . - Cow . - It 's amazing . It 's hard to believe . I 've witnessed clairvoyants who were over 90o % o accurate and seen telepathy demonstrated , but I 've never witnessed anything like this . - Where 'd you see that ? - Mulder and I were in psychiatric hospitals . There were some patients serving criminal sentences who we felt were misdiagnosed . What ? Coffee and a cruller . A nonfat latte . An English muffin . Grand slam number two , with double hash browns and a side of Canadian bacon . He just told us all what we ate for breakfast . I have to disappear for a bit . I was handed a note . Now I 'm handing it to you . OK . Hang on . I 'm coming . - Is somebody gonna let me in ? - Hey , yeah . Comin ' . Comin ' . Sorry . You caught me getting ready for bed . - Come in , come in . - Thank you . To what do we owe the pleasure ? - I need your help . - With what ? You 've all heard of Gibson Praise , the chess wunderkind . These are a series of scans and neuroelectrical outputs of his brain and brain processes . There seems to be some suspicion that he 's a fraud . - Dorf on chess ? - Apparently he wins by reading minds . - I Iove it . - And you want us to what ? Analyze the data ... with an eye to the parapsychological . Oohh , walk on the wild side . First , I want you to tell me who Diana Fowley is . Diana Fowley ? We haven 't heard that name in a while . Then you know her . Well , yeah . She was Mulder 's chickadee when he just got out of the Academy . Good-Iooking . She claims to have worked closely with him . She was there when he discovered the X-Files . She has a background in parascience . She got a legate appointment a while back , in Berlin . I always wondered why they split up . Why don 't you boys see what you can find ? I must make my stand . Your stand will destroy you . Better to perish for what I believe in than endure forever as a traitor to life . Then so ... How 's little Carnac doin ' ? Put a TV in front of him , he turns right into a normal kid . He 's the real deal , Fox . We tested him with Zener cards , random numbers , a variety of ESP tasking . He 's got ability to not just focus on a thought but a multitude of thoughts at once . .. and women who think ... There 's something else . There 's something we 're missing here . That was a good catch on the videotape . I was impressed . You would have caught it eventually . Been too many years trying to get inside the head of too many Arab terrorists . I 'm out of practice with this stuff . But you seem at the top of your game . It 's all I do . It 's all I 've been doing for the Iast five years . Been my Iife , such as it is . Sometimes I hear about you . About the work you 're doing . I think how it might have been if I 'd stayed . We 'd all be blown up by some terrorist bomb , no doubt , huh ? I sense you could have used an ally , though . Someone who thinks like you , with some background . You mean Scully ? She 's not what I 'd call an open mind on the subject . She 's a ... scientist . She just makes me work for everything . Yes , but I 'm sure there were times when two like minds on a case would have been advantageous . I 've done OK without you . I 'm on your side . Mulder . Mulder , it 's me . - Where are you ? - I 'm on my way to work . I was hoping I could show you something . Something about the boy . I 'm at the psych facility with him . Why don 't you come by and show me ? Uh , no . I 'd prefer to show you at work , if that 's OK . - OK . What is it ? - I think you 'll be surprised . Very surprised . I 'm on my way . Agent Spender ? I need to speak with you . - Who are you ? - Somebody who 's taken an interest in you . In this case of yours . This case I gave you . What are you ? CIA ? NSA ? - You 're a brave boy . - You said you had information . Control the board . Know which men to sacrifice and when . - I don 't know what you 're talking about . - Don 't be part of someone else 's crusade . Pursue your own self-interest . always . Agent Spender . Agent Spender ? - Who were you talking to ? - I don 't know . You don 't know who you were talking to ? You 're lying . - What 's your deal ? - I was told he was dead . Obviously , whoever it is , he 's not . You 're here to tell me a story . Tell him exactly as you told me . I 've conducted some tests on Gibson Praise , and have come up with some rather unexpected conclusions . Ones which I myself have difficulty reconciling with what I know . - These are ? - Neurological tests , mapping of brain functions using a very high-resolution EEG . - What did you find out ? - The tests revealed something peculiar in an area of the brain that we are only beginning to understand , an area of the temporal lobe that neurophysicists call the " God module . " I hope I 'm not going to hear that this kid is the next Christ child . AII of the boy 's brain processes are showing extraordinary activity in exactly this part of the brain , which is not just abnormal or anomalous , but , from what I know , absolutely unheard of . There are corollaries . Individuals responsible for great leaps forward in science . Newton , Galileo , Einstein , Stephen Hawking . AII these men exhibited modes of thinking that are suggestive of access to special brain centers . So this kid is a human oddity . Tell me why anyone goes to such lengths as to kill him . This kid may be the key not just to all human potential but to ... all spiritual , unexplained , paranormal phenomena . The key to everything in the X-Files . Let me get this right . We should believe this boy was gonna be killed because of the X-Files ? - No . It 's bigger than that . - Uh-huh . Explain it to me . To us . I can 't . But the shooter can , the assassin that you have locked up , in exchange for immunity . You wanna give a murderer a free ride for the secrets to the pyramids ? This is crazy . You mischaracterize what I 've said . This would be quantifiable , scientific proof of everything that Agent Mulder and I have investigated in five years . How do you quantify the spiritual ? It can 't be done . You ask for immunity for a killer on that basis , the Attorney General 's gonna go off . You 're allowed to investigate the X-Files as an indulgence , but draw the wrong kind of attention and they 'II close you down , put an end to all your work . Something I happen to have an interest in myself . Let 's everyone step out in the hall . Agent Mulder , you stay put . She 's right , you know . The risk you 're taking , the Iong-term plans you and I talked about . If what Scully 's found is true , and I believe it is , then the answers I might have spent a lifetime searching for may fall together like a million puzzle pieces . You 'd risk the X-Files ? How soon can you call the Attorney General ? The Attorney General 's heard my request for immunity . Heard it ? You said that you could get it . She needs something more . Something to convince her you 're not just playing games . Something that I can corroborate . I need answers from you . The kid is a missing link . To what ? He 's genetic proof , isn 't he ? Genetic proof of what ? Genetic proof of what ? The kid 's not superhuman , he 's just more human than human . - He 's what ? - Most of us have genes we don 't use . They lie dormant . Science doesn 't know what they 're for or where they came from . You think this has something to do with that ? There 's a Iong-held theory tied to prehistoric evidence of alien astronauts . You 're not gonna go out there and say the kid 's part-alien ? You think that 's what you heard ? You led him , Agent Mulder . Now you 're letting yourself be led . We entrusted you . - You failed . - Failed ? Failed who ? Mulder has gone to the Justice Department . He has testimony about the boy . - That 's just part of the game . - It 's not a game , for God 's sake ! Sure it is . It 's all a game . You just take their pieces one by one until the board is clear . Hey , missy , how about some sandwiches ? - I hope you 're all hungry . - Good-looking breakfast ! Yeah . I see bacon . I see ham . Gibson ? This is a great show . I wish we got this where I Iive . I 'd Iike to ask you something . How do you do it ? I just hear you thinking . Like on a radio . Sometimes there are lots of radios , and I wanna shut them off and watch TV . Is that why you Iike chess ? Cos it 's just one thought that you hear ? Yeah . That 's not why I Iike it all the time . - Why else do you Iike it ? - Because there 's no talking , just thinking . It 's nothing like real life , where people think one thing but they say something else . - Is that what people do ? - They worry about what other people think , when the people they 're worrying about worry about the same thing . It makes me laugh . Why ? They make up all this stuff to believe , but it 's all made-up . Some people try to be good people but some people just don 't care . Like you . - You think I don 't care ? - No . You don 't care what people think . Except for her . The other one . I 'm here to relieve you . Well , we 'II talk about this later . OK ? They wanna kill me , you know . Nobody 's gonna do anything to you , Gibson . I promise . I know you do . I 've been handed another note . Gibson ? What are you doing ? - There 's a man with a gun . - Gibson , get down . Get back . Get back . He didn 't come here to kill me . He 's aiming at you . Agent Mulder . Scully . They killed a US marshal , then shot Agent Fowley . They worked on her here . They couldn 't get a chopper in , so they radioed the hospital . She 's got weak vitals and a hole in a lung . - They 're not optimistic . - What about the boy ? Is he here ? - Where 's Spender ? - He 's gone to Federal Detention . We found the shooter shot dead in his cell earlier this morning . We also found this . - Hello , young man . - Hello . There 's nothing to be afraid of . You 're a liar . Just like him . You 've never had the stomach for our business . - Just not for your practices . - I 'm a necessity . - The complement to your cowardice . - Your work is done now . My work is just beginning . - I 've got a nice straight shot . - No . He 's useful . And you may need him in the future . Our instructions from Justice are to secure the airports and notify the parents . Who do you work for ? Do you work for him ? You and old Smokey , is that who put this together ? You 're goin ' down ! I 'II see you prosecuted for murder ! You watch me . Watch it happen . Your days are numbered . You 're wrong . It 's your days that are numbered . We knew the risks going to the Attorney General . - You know what 's coming ? - Yes . - They 're serious about this . - I understand . I assume you 'll make Agent Mulder aware of this . Yes . I 'm here with him now . I 'm making a case , but I don 't know the Attorney General 's listening . I 'II communicate that to him . Is there anything else ? Any other news ? Agent Spender 's going after Mulder full board . He 's been reciting some line about alien astronauts that makes you both look bad . Right . Well , I 'II be here if you need to reach me . Any news on Diana ? They have her on maximum pressors , though she 's barely maintaining her pressure . What did Skinner have to say ? There are talks going on right now about reassignment . - For who ? - Both of us . These talks included instructions from the Justice Department to close down the X-Files . This was all strategized , every move . I just couldn 't see it . It was all of a plan . Mulder , whatever you may believe ... this time they may have won . - Can I help you ? - Actually , uh ... I can help you . - How did you get in here ? - Access , Agent Spender . It 's about access . It 's what I can give you . It 's what can make you . - It 's why I 'm doing this for you . - Who are you ? I 'm your father . What ? ! Visiontext Subtitles : Adrian Isaac US ENGLISH
