 Get down ! Get down . Stay down ! You 're gonna keep breathing . Do you hear me ? He 's getting away ! I 'II be right back . Back away . Back aw ... I need an EMT in here now . Car 39 requesting EMT . Come on , now . Let her through . Let her through . Help me with this table . Give her some room . We 've got paramedics on the way . You 're going to the hospital . You 're going to be OK . We still haven 't celebrated my birthday . I 'm not going to let you off the hook like this . Let ' em through . Let ' em through , please . This man has a puncture wound to his right lung . He needs to be intubated immediately . He 's an FBI agent , and he 's not gonna die . Sit down . I 'm sorry . How did they know ? When you talked to your girlfriend , what did you say ? - Did you tell her you were in DC ? - No . Then there 's someone inside . - What happened ? Who shot Pendrell ? - I don 't know . I got a call about a federal-witness transfer . Sergeant Louis Frish . He was the intended target . A federal marshal was supposed to put him into protective custody . - That order was countermanded . - By whom ? He 's being put under military arrest . Military arrest ? For suspicion of murder and providing false testimony . He has testimony damaging to the military . His life is in danger . He is not going anywhere . The order to arrest him came from the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who have also issued a recommendation on Agent Mulder . For what ? He 's been put under military arrest for interference with the military investigation into the crash of an airliner . Sir , the military is responsible for the downing of that plane . They are admitting as much . But Sergeant Frish 's story is not the one they 're telling . What is their story ? I have a responsibility for the safety of the agents under my supervision . I 'm not going to put another agent 's life in jeopardy just to keep her out in the field . I 'm fine . I suggest you make sure of that when you go to the hospital with Agent Pendrell . Mulder . You come to spring me from the joint ? - I came to talk to you . - About what ? A big ol ' misunderstanding ? According to the military , there was no misunderstanding . Suddenly they just decide to take responsibility for the crash of flight 549 ? They had no choice . Not in light of all the facts that have come out . Facts ? Have you heard their cover story ? That the tower gave bad coordinates to a fighter pilot , causing it to collide with flight 549 over military airspace ? They allowed me to listen to the recordings . If you believe in the coordinates that Sgt Frish gave to the fighter pilot were the exact path that 549 was on , they would indicate that he could not have seen 549 in the airspace until it was too late . So the tower put those jets on a collision course ? Yes . And they were the only two aircraft on the radar screen . Realizing his guilt , Sergeant Frish 's fellow officer put a gun to his head . According to the Air Force , Frish lied to save himself . When he found his fellow officer had committed suicide , he blamed the military . That 's why they pursued him - to bring him to justice . And they could lay the blame on a dead man . Yes . This second plane ? They say it 's a military fighter ? It was an F-15 Eagle , according to an Air Force spokesman . You believe that story , Scully ? I don 't know what to believe . Do you believe I got this from an F-15 Eagle ? Those look like radiation burns . Where did you get that ? At the second crash site , in 50 feet of water at the bottom of Sacandaga Lake . - You found it ? - I followed a trail of bubbles to a wreckage that looked like nothing that takes off from an Air Force base . What was it ? What collided with flight 549 was a UFO , shot down by the military , taking the passenger plane along with it . Except it can 't be proven . Why not ? Because they haven 't found any evidence that flight 549 was involved in a collision . According to who ? Mike Malar , the IIC man running the investigation . - How do you know he 's not lying ? - I don 't . He 's the one man who wants to find out what downed that plane , and who came to me with information he had no reason to share . What information ? He found Sharon Grafia at the crash site the night we left , after seeing lights over the area . - Max Fennig 's sister . - That 's another thing . She 's not Max 's sister . - Then who is she ? - An unemployed aeronautical engineer who spent time in and out of mental institutions . That 's where she met Max . - Why would she lie ? - I don 't know . AII I know is that this plane seems to be killing people as it sits there on the ground . Mulder , Agent Pendrell is dead . How ? Shot , in an attempt on Sergeant Frish in Washington . He saved his life , Mulder , and maybe mine . AII right , Scully . Scully ... Mulder , what are these people dying for ? - Is it for the truth or for the lies ? - It 's gotta be for the truth . If we owe them anything , it 's to make sure of that . Excuse me , sir . Max Fennig ? - He 's over there . - Thank you . Remember this place ? I remember being amazed at what some people will call home . You have to admit , the man had an enduring sense of style . Only Max Fennig and you would appreciate living like this . I think you were actually kindred spirits in some deep , strange way . What do you mean ? " Men with spartan lives , simple in their creature comforts , if only to allow for the complexity of their passions . " Beans and weenies . What exactly are we looking for here ? Something to explain why Max was on that plane . What he was coming to show me . What makes you think that he was coming to see you ? Max is the key to this . He knew that plane was in danger before it took off , before it entered military airspace . Now , how would he know that ? And what would be worth taking that risk ? Hi . Max here . But of course . This is quite obviously my story , since I 'm telling it . Anyway , for those of you who know me already , this will be ancient history . But for the rest of you , this is - well , what can I say ? - the story of my life . Actually , all I ever wanted in life was to be left alone . Don ' t we all ! So , just my luck that I 'd eventually become an alien abductee . Now I 'm never alone . Any minute , when I 'm least expecting it ... And the worst part is ... no one believes you . Well , almost no one . So , I 've devoted my life to providing all you disbelievers with proof . Proof that there are extraterrestrial biological entities right now visiting our planet for purposes of a troubling agenda known only to certain members of the government , the fbi and certain high-ranking members of the military industrial community , who have recovered some of these very craft . Not that they 'd ever admit to it publicly , of course . Nor would they admit they have salvaged some of this alien technology and are using it in military applications . No , that would be un-American . And they won ' t admit it until someone confronts them with undeniable proof . Someone like me . And I should probably mention that I do this at great risk to my own safety . But when every day 's just another day , you 're gonna get kidnapped by a bunch of little gray dudes , what 's a few cia spooks to worry about ? Careful . We found it . Ladies and gentlemen , recovery and identification of the deceased victims of flight 549 is at 76 percent . Which is far better than anticipated , given the kind of destruction that we 've all seen . We 've got a total of nearly 3,000 man-hours logged in this first wave of investigation . And I wish I could tell you folks that we 've come up with something more concrete . But the evidence just doesn 't support anything more than the Air Force 's assertion that the cause was a midair collision or a catastrophic near miss . I 'm gonna ask you all to wrap up your reports and then to go home to your families . You 've done a good and thorough job here . You 'II be in touch with me or someone from the NTSB on anything further . I just wanted to thank you all personally . Thank you . I 'd wondered what happened to you . I put in a call . - You had something you wanted to tell us ? - No . Just wanted to touch base . Thank you for leading us to the fact of the military 's involvement . I think the facts are still a matter of speculation . Listening to what you just said , I think you do too . The military 's public claim of fault and their actions to promote that claim have raised some suspicions . Suspicions ? Of what ? That the story the military is now promoting is a convenience deflection and cover-up . Of what ? Scully and I agree on some of the motives but not on the facts . - Do you have facts that I don 't ? - No . But I do have a story , if you 're willing to hear it . Tell me it 's bull , as Agent Scully has , but it 's as believable as any story I 've heard . At least it 's the only one that can 't be refuted by the facts . AII right . There was one man who knew what brought this plane down . He knew it even before he got on the plane , but he got on anyway . He sat right here in this seat , 13-F . His name was Max Fennig . There are a number of possibilities for Max 's suspicions , but I believe he 'd been followed for some time before he boarded Flight 549 . And I believe he was followed onto this plane by someone who wanted whatever it is Max had carried on board with him . The object that ultimately brought down this plane , the cause which has alluded you . And what was this object ? Physical proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life and intelligence . The person who followed Max may have been prepared to kill to obtain this object . Its value greater than one human life , greater than the lives of the 134 people on that plane . Whether that plan was executed , we may never know . Because Flight 549 was intercepted by a second aircraft , which did not appear on the military 's or anyone else ' s radar screen . What the hell is this ? Max Fennig knew immediately what this craft was , and that he would not be completing the rest of the flight as scheduled . Max would have recognized immediately all the signs of an abduction scenario . The craft taking control of the plane and all its systems , preparing to take Max . But something happened . Something went terribly wrong . Something unimaginable . A third aircraft , probably an F-15 Eagle , was given the coordinates for flight 549 . Heading one-zero-zero and two-niner thousand feet . The controllers watched the fighter enter Flight 549 's airspace on an intercept pattern , not knowing what they 'd set in motion . No way of knowing there was a third craft which was not on their screen . Not knowing that for the next nine minutes , time would stand still on Flight 549 . I 've got something . An intercept . My God ! My God ! Mayday ! Mayday ! Mayday ! Are you saying the man who was sitting in 13-F was abducted , mid-flight , without any depressurization of the cabin , without any effect on the plane ? If not for factors unforeseen , I believe Max would have been abducted and returned to flight 549 without any loss of Iife , without a trace . Then what happened ? Flight 549 and the alien craft which had taken control of it were intercepted by the military fighter which had been given a specific set of orders : to take down the UFO . The missing nine minutes , nine minutes that would have been erased from the memories of the 134 passengers on board , would prove to be the final minutes of their lives . You 're saying , in effect , that flight 549 was in the grip of a sort of UFO tractor beam ? That 's a Hollywood term , but yes . And the Air Force shot down the UFO , sending 549 out of control when the beam went off ? Yes . Well , where I come from , that 's what we call a whopper . Even if it were true , I could never sell that to Washington , and neither could you . Not without the object Max was carrying . I had the same reaction to the story as you , but there is one area that has yet to be explained . That is that the seats and the door did show traces of radioactivity . Now , you found nothing in the wreckage , no source of any emitter ? I did find something . I think you should look at it . After you 'd found the first traces , my team tried to link the radioactivity to a cause . They found no other evidence . Except for this . - That 's it ? - That 's all there was . I 'm gonna have to make my report . I 'II include this if it makes any difference . - But not as a causal factor . - It 's a good story . Maybe you can sell it to the movies . I don 't know what else you expect him to do . Yeah , I know . Look , it is a good story , but it 's a house of cards built on a shaky foundation . We may never know what Max was carrying . And we may never know who killed Agent Pendrell . If we don 't find out , what meaning do their deaths or lives have ? Max will be remembered as a disappointing rummage sale or some kook on a home video . - Where do we even start ? - How about Sharon Grafia ? She 's a disturbed person . She wasn 't even who she claimed to be . She knew Max well enough for him to write her letters . Well enough for him to call her and tell her he was gonna die . - Do you know where she is ? - In a mental institution . I 'd go with ya , but I 'm afraid they 'd lock me up . Me too . Hello . Are you a friend of Max 's ? No . My name is Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . - You 're kiddin ' , right ? - No . Why ? Well , I manage the park . I know Max had some weird friends . I don 't believe the FBI sends men out 'cause somebody trashed a trailer . - Any idea who did this ? - No . Is Max in trouble or something ? No . Max is dead . He died in a plane crash a few days ago . Oh , Lord . I am sorry to hear that . Did he ever mention why he would leave or where he would go ? No , but he disappeared sometimes . Had stories . - Sure that 's not what happened to him ? - Yeah . Yeah , I 'm sure . Have you any idea who 's going to be taking care of his estate ? - Where I should forward his mail ? - He has mail ? Yeah , a small stack of it . - I 'II run and get it , if you want it . - please . Here you go . Sure feel sorry about Max . So do I. - Sharon ? - Hello . How are you feeling ? You up to answering some questions ? I 'm not Max 's sister . I know . We 're not quite sure why you lied to us though , Sharon . Or what else you might be lying about . - Doesn 't matter anymore . - Yes , it does . If you know something - anything about what Max was doing , about what he was carrying on that plane - it could matter a Iot . - To who ? - To Max . - I can 't . - Why not ? Because I could be in big , big trouble . Max had those same blisters . You both were exposed to something , Sharon . What was it ? It was something I stole . From whom ? Max was trying to find physical evidence to prove his abduction stories were true . You worked as an aeronautical systems engineer . You stole something from your employer , didn 't you ? Something radioactive . Only because I believed in Max . What was it ? Max said it was alien technology . It was three interlocking parts . We divided it into sections . I had one part . Max had another on board that flight . But they were taken from us . There was a third part . What happened to it ? I Ieft a bag here . - Big bag , little bag ? - Short bag , tall bag . I don 't remember . Little bag , I think . He 's at the baggage claim . Is this it ? I 'm a federal officer . I need a security entrance to the terminal . Right this way . Mulder . Mulder , it 's me . Where are you ? I 'm at the airport in Syracuse . Whatever it is that Max had , I have it now . - How did you find it ? - Luck . What you 're carrying was stolen from a military contractor , Cummins Aerospace . - Well , what is it ? - I don 't know . Well , I 'II let you know in a minute . It is important that you do not take it out of its container . What 's that ? I 'm having trouble hearing you on the phone . Did you hear me ? No . I 'II tell you what it looks like . No . Mulder , listen to me . Do not handle it . Whatever it is , it is highly radioactive . Hold on a second . Mulder ? It looks like a small superstructure with three circular pieces inside . It 's hard to tell on an x-ray . Hold on . I think what we 've got here , Mulder , is high-tech industrial espionage . Many people are trying to get their hands on this thing . - I 'm getting on a flight . - What flight ? I think it 's 501 . Yeah . I 'II need a ride when I get there . I don 't think that 'II be a problem . Thanks . Excuse me . You look like you 've got some room here . Do you mind ? No , go ahead . Didn 't mean to disturb you . It 's all right . You traveling by yourself ? Do you live in DC ? There 's a weapon pointed at you right now . I 'm sure at this range it wouldn 't just hit you in the leg . If you so much as raise your arms off your armrest , I 'II test that theory . What if you miss ? I won 't . Do you know what happens when a plane depressurizes at 30,000 feet , Mr Mulder ? After the cabin fills with fog , all light objects , anything not tied down , including your weapon , go flying toward the breach . The pretty lady comes around with the honey-roasted peanuts ? Presuming the pilot is even able to keep control of the plane , I put on a lightweight parachute I stowed overhead and go out the emergency exit with the knapsack you 're holding . What if the pilot can 't get control of the plane ? Then you die too . A man knows he must be ready to sacrifice himself to that which is greater than he . I 'm sure all the other passengers would appreciate dying for your noble philosophy . Look out your window , Agent Mulder . You see the lights ? Now , imagine if one of those lights flickered off . You 'd hardly notice , would you ? A dozen , two dozen lights extinguished . Is it worth sacrificing the future , the lives of millions , to keep a few lights on ? What is this ? Stolen property . It 's an alien energy source , isn 't it ? What is it , cold fusion , over-unity energy ? What could be worth killing all those passengers on flight 549 ? The cause of that crash has been determined as human error . I 'm gonna see you pay for that error , along with you and your employer and the government that finances its contracts . I want you to stand up and move to the back of the plane . We 're gonna go to the bathroom . Move . Scully . - Scully , it 's me . - Mulder , where are you ? Outside an airplane bathroom where I 've got the man who shot Pendrell locked up . What ? It looks like I 'II miss the in-flight movie - something with Steve Guttenberg . Did you get on the flight - you said you were getting on ? - Yeah . Everything 's OK . alert Skinner anyway . I don 't want to take any chances getting this guy off the plane . - I don 't think you do either . - Right . Hey , Scully . My watch just stopped . What ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Excuse me . I 'm a federal agent . I want you to listen to me . This plane is about to be intercepted . - Intercepted ? - Engaged and boarded . I want you to tell the captain to initiate evasive maneuvers . Put the bag down ! Put it down on the floor . Drop the bag ! Drop the bag . Drop it ! Hey , Iet it go ! Let it go ! Mulder , where is he ? - He 's not here . - What do you mean ? You said you had him on this plane . You said you had what Max had - the stolen part . What time do you have ? 10 : 56 . Would you Iike to tell me what 's going on here , Agent Mulder ? I don 't think you want to know the answer . Is this man on the plane ? I think he got the connecting flight . But nobody ever finds out about it . There are scientists who say they have detected anti-gravity over the surface of a spinning superconducting disk . Technology that is supposedly 20 or 30 years down the road , like over-unity energy . Massless displacement current from cold fusion that we need for space travel . I know , thanks to my inside sources , that this technology , in fact , exists . I 've seen military aircraft that use it hovering right over my trailer . Why is the US government keeping all this a secret ? I intend to expose these facts to the people . I mean , I 'm just one man . These tapes , you mind if I keep them ? No . I think you should consider yourself the sole curator of the Max Fennig rolling multimedia library and archive . And get tax-exempt status as soon as you can . This stuff could be worth something someday . Thank you for helping me out , for all you 've done . Max would have wanted it that way . You lost somebody very close to you . So did you . You thinking about Pendrell ? I realized I didn 't even know his first name . I actually was thinking about this gift that you gave me for my birthday . You never got to tell me why you gave it to me or what it means . But I think I know . I think that you appreciate that there are extraordinary men and women , and extraordinary moments when history Ieaps forward on the backs of these individuals . That what can be imagined can be achieved . That you must dare to dream . But that there 's no substitute for perseverance and hard work and teamwork . Because no one gets there alone . And that while we commemorate the greatness of these events and the individuals who achieve them , we cannot forget the sacrifice of those who make these achievements and leaps possible . I just thought it was a pretty cool key chain . Subtitles by Visiontext I made this ! AMERICAN
