 - Good evening , Father . - Is she ready ? Yes . Baptism is the rite of initiation . This holy water takes away original sin . The sacrament confers the grace of God , bringing the soul into God 's family . Dara , I baptize you in the name of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy Spirit . Bless you , my child . Dara ? Oh , my God ! Dara ! Dara ! Dara ! Dara ! Dara ? Oh , my God . Dara ! No-o-oooo ! Bless me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been several months since my last confession . You have a sin to confess ? Father , I 'm an fbi agent . I 've taken it as my code and purpose to uphold the law . To save lives . And now your work has come in conflict with your faith ? In a way . I was here for Easter services last week , and Father McCue approached me for my help . Why did he come to you ? Because there was a family that he felt needed my help . But it was more than that . Father , I had a daughter who died ... a strange and sudden death several months ago . Father McCue thought that by helping these people you might in some way help yourself to come to terms with your grief ? - Yes . - But you haven 't ? Father , I told you that I had a sin to confess . But the sin of which I 'm guilty , I 'm not sure if you can offer forgiveness . What is the sin ? An innocent girl is dead because of me . I could have saved her life . But I let her die . - Thank you so much . - Nice to see you . Dana ? Do you have a moment ? I need to speak with you in private . I must say , it 's been nice seeing you at Mass again . I 've almost started getting used to it . I 've been trying to make an effort to come more often . I don 't mean to take advantage of your attendance , but I 'm involved in a difficult situation with a couple that are also members here . - Do you know the Kernofs ? - No , I 'm afraid I don 't . Recently they lost their daughter , Dara . You may have heard about the situation . No , I didn 't . The circumstances of the girl 's death were sudden , and I 'm afraid the police haven 't been able to tell them much . Are you asking for my help ? The Kernofs are devout , but their faith is giving them little comfort . I thought , with your background , your words might carry a certain weight . Can I tell them you 'll be visiting ? That 's Dara on her 16th birthday . We couldn 't have children of our own . I persuaded Lance , six years ago , to adopt . At first he was reluctant to accept a special - needs child , but he got so attached to her . Then this happens . You make the choice , never imagining something like this , or how vulnerable you are . Dara had just been baptized . I know in my heart she 's gone to a better place , but Lance is angry . Angry at God . They say time heals . Father McCue said that you 've been having trouble getting much information about what happened to her . They say she may have been struck by lightning , but no one seems to know for sure . How she even got out of the house is a mystery . - What do you mean ? - Dara had congenital spinal deformities . - She 's always been wheelchairbound . - Could somebody have taken her out ? Lance said he saw her walking , and when he found her she was on her knees , praying . I think that 's the hardest part for my husband . He 'll never understand how God could ... forsake the life of an innocent girl . How God in his mercy could let this happen to our Dara . Mrs Kernof was talking about her husband but she might as well have been talking about me . You too are angry at God ? I felt drawn to these people , Father . In a very personal way . I was determined to help them understand why their daughter had been taken . And did you ? As much as I have my faith , Father , I am a scientist . Trained to weigh evidence . But science only teaches us how , not why . If I have to stand by my report I will , but it 's hardly open-and-shut on the cause of death . - You think it was lightning ? - I 'm guessing it was lightning . The way her eyes were burned suggests the bolt went to ground right through her head . Funny thing is , there was no other sign of arcing except for the face . Her mother said she was found in a kneeling position . Genuflecting . - Are you a religious person ? - Why do you ask ? I haven 't been to church since I was a kid . But I went last Sunday . I 'm gonna show you something . Her body was so rigored that I had to do my examination in the position she was found . I 've never seen anything like it . - Looks like there was surgery on her hands . - She was polydactyl . Same with her feet . I haven 't asked her parents yet - I haven 't had the heart - but I assume they had the extra fingers removed . What 's the connection ? I found no other evidence of any other tissue damage or electrical burns or any other serious trauma . It 's as if God himself struck her down . Dara was adopted . I don 't suppose you asked for any information about the birth mother ? - I can do that if you like . - No , it 's OK . I ... I have someone I can ask . Somebody I 'd like to confer with , actually . Koklos . Paula Koklos . Room 213 . We 'll get her things packed up and get you on your way . Hold it . Just hold it . - Are you Father Gregory ? - Yes . I 'm Aaron Starkey , with the Department of Social Services . - I am very sorry , but we 've had a mix-up . - What are you talking about ? Your adoption petition for Paula Koklos is missing an approval . - I 've got the court order . - That 's the mix-up . It shouldn 't have gone to family court without an approval from the social worker assigned to the case . - And that 's me . - Give it to me then , and we 'll be on our way . Well , I can 't . At least not yet . I 've just been assigned to Paula , so I 'll need time to familiarize myself with her case ... Look , I 've already been through all this . I 'm here to take the girl home . I 'm sorry , Father , but you 'll have to wait . Until I can get the paperwork in order . - Hello ? - Hey , Scully . I 'm returning your call . Hi . Something 's come up . I was hoping that you could do me a favor . What 's going on ? This isn 't official fbi business , so I was hoping we could keep it outside of work . OK . Look , I 'm kinda tailing a possible suspect right now , so I 'm kinda rushed . So ... I need some birth and adoptive records on a Dara Kernof . - Who ? - Dara Kernof . I can 't tell you much more than that , I 'm sorry . - You wanna give me a hint ? Anything ? - Not until you get me those records . All right . I 'll talk to you later . Scully ? - Aren 't youthe secret squirrel ? - What do you mean ? I got a look at that body . You been holding out on me . Mulder , it 's not what you think . I didn 't wanna involve you . I got asked to look into this as a favor for a family . Dara Kernof 's family ? - You found Dara 's records ? - Those are her birth records . The adoption records have been sealed . I think one of my questions has already been answered . Dara was a twin . No , actually she was a quadruplet . One of four girls . Was this cross found like this ? - Yes , as far as I know . Why ? - It 's inverted . Upside down . That 's a protest , a sacrilege against the Church . Put there by whom ? It 's your case , remember , Scully ? Do you have any suspects ? - Not as of this time . - Could the victim have placed it ? It 's doubtful . Paula Koklos was severely impaired , physically and mentally . As was Dara Kernof . - They both died the same way ? - It appears that their eyes were burnt out . Their bodies frozen in a position of prayer . - Physical deformities could account for that . - They might . Look , Scully , I know you don 't really want my help on this but can I offer you my professional opinion ? You got a bona fide supercrazy religious wacko on your hands . - What makes you so sure ? - The mote in the eye , the window to the soul , an eye for an eye ... He 's working from ancient scripture , maybe even the Bible . - He may even think he 's doing God 's work . - Did you find anything ? My name is Aaron Starkey . I 'm the social worker assigned to Paula Koklos . This is so tragic . I just hope you catch whoever did this . Mr Starkey , do you happen to know if that cross over there belonged to Paula ? I don 't remember seeing it before . I 'm sure it didn 't . Did she have any visitors who might have left it behind ? No , she had no family , no friends really . I don 't know if you knew this , but Paula was about to be adopted . By who ? Scully , look at this . Gnostic Gospels , Book of Enoch , Book of J , Apocrypha ... I 'm surprised there 's nothing here from Jesus Christ Superstar . - What kind of church is this ? - There ain 't no tellin ' . - Can I help you ? - Father Gregory ? - Yes ? - I 'm Dana Scully . We 're here about the death of Paula Koklos . Oh , God , no . Are you all right , Father ? I was trying to adopt Paula . - I 'm sure you knew that . - We hear you were very anxious to do so . I hope to God you 're not suggesting I had something to do with it . - Why adopt her ? - You think I was interested in harming her ? Why adopt her ? I was trying to protect her . - I knew her mother . - Do you know where she is ? - Yes . - We were looking for her name . - It 's not listed on the birth records . - Why would you want it ? The other two girls may be in danger . We hope she might be able to help us find them . Their mother died in childbirth . Can you give us a name ? When I was a priest in the Roman Church , before I founded my own , I was her confessor . Divulging her name would violate the code of my faith . - And yours , I see . - You said you wanted to protect Paula . - From what ? - Whatever your intentions , your secular prejudices blind you to what 's really happening here . Two girls are dead . Not by the hand of man . Unless you accept God 's teachings , that there is a struggle between good and evil for all souls , and that we are losing that struggle , you 're but fools rushing in . You put your own lives in danger , as well as the lives of the messengers . I have nothing more to say . I brought Agent Mulder on the case to help temper my feelings . To keep them from clouding my judgment . I wouldn 't admit it to him , but ... as we stood there I felt as if Father Gregory was speaking directly to me . In a language only I could understand . " The messengers " ? Yes . I know people in glass houses shouldn 't throw stones , but that guy is paranoid . I think you 're a little extreme in your judgment . All that crap about the fight for all souls , the literature , the performance we just witnessed . It all fits . He thinks he 's doing God 's laundry . He said this wasn 't done by the hand of man . You think he believes that ? If so , he 's more dangerous than he appears . Even if he 's not your killer , - he is hiding something . - What ? He says he knew the mother , but won 't give her name . Maybe she 's alive . I think you have enough to bring him in for questioning , if not make an arrest . But basically you 're ruling out any element of the supernatural . What do you mean ? Dara Kernof was baptized on the day of her death . Sanctified by the ritual sacrament . - Submerged in the spirit . - Then why would God allow this to happen ? Why do bad things happen to good people ? Religion has masqueraded as the paranormal since the dawn of time to justify some of the most horrible acts in history . I was raised to believe God has his reasons , however mysterious . He may well have , but he seems to use a lot of psychotics to carry out his job orders . You wanna find out who did this ? I suggest you autopsy the body of Paula Koklos before it 's interred . Before the man who killed her has a chance to find her sisters . The victim is Paula Koklos , age 16 , cause of death unknown . I 'll begin with the external examination . Victim has signs of congenital physical defects , including four supernumerary digits . The only indications of external trauma are the burning ... by means unknown , of both globes of the eyes . I 'm noting something on the shoulder . A bony process of some kind , possibly a tumorous mass . Note no indication of surgical procedure . The mass appears on both the right and left clavicle . Oh , God . Mommy ? Mommy , please . I told myself that it was all in my head . A hallucination brought on by my emotional connection to the case . That would seem to be a reasonable explanation . But that 's not what it was , Father . I was meant to see Emily ... for a purpose . Which was ? To save these girls . Scully , it 's me . I did some more digging on those adoption records . - What do you mean ? - I think I got a lead on that third sister . Where ? She was under county care ten years ago . She wandered into a teen crisis center here in DC last week , homeless . That guy over at Social Services , Starkey , he 's helping me canvass the area . If she shares anything with her sisters , she won 't be walking far . - What did you find ? - Evidence of a degenerative bone disease . And I know you 're gonna think that I 'm crazy , but I swear I found evidence of something winglike . Well , then , maybe she flew here , Scully . Mulder , there 's something else . Why don 't you hold that thought and talk to me and Father Gregory when you see us . Stop right there ! Move into the light . Move into the light ! Hands where I can see ' em . We 're too late . - Where 's the girl ? - She 's dead . - Where is she ? - In there . What are you asking for , Father ? Mercy or forgiveness ? You know , they say when you talk to God it 's prayer , but when God talks to you it 's schizophrenia . - What is your god telling you , Father ? - I pray for the girls ' souls . Oh , you pray for their souls now . That 's convenient . I am immune to your mockery . You 're not interested in the truth . I am only interested in the truth ! I 'd like to know why you did what you did to three defenseless , helpless young girls ! What in your sick mind would possess you to burn their eyes out ? ! Did they see you for who you are ? Like I do ? What does this mean , Father ? Tell him what it is . Saint Peter . You know the story . Saint Peter on the cross . Saint Peter would only be crucified upside down out of humility towards Christ . I 've risked my life to protect their precious souls , which the Devil has sought to claim . He took two before I could reach them , and I was too late to save the third . Agents Mulder and Scully ? You know . You 've already guessed ... what they are . The last one is still out there . The Devil is here . And if he finds her , his victory will be complete . Scully ? They think they 've found the fourth girl . As long as I 'm in here , there 's no one to protect her . Let me go . Or she will die . - You believed him . - Yes . - But you didn 't tell your colleague ? - He believed that he could find the last girl . - But I already knew I was meant to save her . - From what ? I wasn 't sure . Father Gregory said that the Devil claimed the lives of the first three girls . You don 't believe that . I know now that Father Gregory was mistaken . The Devil didn 't take their souls . But the threat to those girls was real . And Father Gregory gave his life to protect them . The fourth girl is Roberta Dyer , transferred to Maryland adoption services in 1995 when her foster father got a job in Gaithersburg . Adoption services investigated allegations of child abuse in September of that year , three more times in ' 96 and then two more times in ' 97 . - What 's wrong ? - Father Gregory called them messengers . Scully ? You don 't wanna let this guy get in your head . That 's the last thing you want . Sometimes the most twisted ones are the most persuasive . - Mulder , he knows where she is . - As long as he 's locked up , it doesn 't matter . - You won 't find her . You 're being misled . - By who ? You 're the one who 's being misled . Not just willingly , but willfully . I 've never seen you more vulnerable , susceptible or easily manipulated . And it scares me , because I don 't know why . I saw Emily . She came to me in a vision . I think you should step away . Personal issues are making you lose your objectivity , clouding your judgment . You go . Go find the girl . I 'm gonna finish up with Father Gregory . OK . Father Gregory ? Where is she , Father ? - How did you get in here ? - I will not be denied this time , Father . - But you took the others . - The others were taken from me . I will not allow that to happen again . Where is the fourth girl ? Tell me , Father . Save yourself . - I 'd like to get back in here . - It should be open . Father Gregory ? Father Gregory ? - Yeah ? - We have a warrant to find your daughter . She 's not here , I tell ya . She 's out . She 's at school . We checked the school . She hasn 't been there in a week . Her life may be in danger . If you know something ... - What 's behind this door ? - It 's the basement . - Well , can you unlock it ? - I don 't have the key . Is this her room ? Where is she , Mr Dyer ? Where is she ? - They 'll cut off the checks , won 't they ? - Where is she ? ! He said he 'd take her off my hands but I 'd keep the disability . - Who ? - The priest . - Who ? - Father Gregory . - Hello ? - Hi , Scully , it 's me . - He 's dead , Mulder . - Who ? Father Gregory . They found him alone in the interrogation room . No one can figure it out . There was a guard sitting right outside the room . We didn 't find her . The fourth girl . She was here . Hey , Scully ? Scully , are you there ? Answer me . Scully ? Scully ! Scully ? ! - Father ? - Come in , Dana . I understand you found the man responsible for the deaths of those girls . - I 'm sure the Kernofs will be relieved . - I 'm not sure if they should be , Father . Why not ? I 've seen things . Things that have made me question if there aren 't ... larger forces at work here . What have you seen ? Visions . Of my daughter Emily , for one . That 's understandable . I 'm sure you identified with the loss . I considered that . But then I saw something last night which I ... Which I can 't explain . I saw a man in dark clothes . But he had four faces . They weren 't human . Is this what you saw ? It 's a seraphim . An angel . With four faces . Those of a man , a lion , an eagle and a bull . In the story , the angel descends from heaven and fathers four children with a mortal woman . Their offspring are the nephilim . The fallen ones . They have the souls of angels , but they weren 't meant to be . They 're deformed , tormented . So the Lord sends the seraphim to Earth to bring back the souls of the nephilim . - To stop the Devil claiming them as his own . - How did he bring back their souls ? " They were smote with the brightness of his countenance . " To look upon the seraphim in all his glory is to give up one 's soul to heaven . - You think that 's what I saw ? - No . I think what you saw is a figment of your imagination . A half-remembered story from your childhood that surfaced because of this case . But I saw it , Father . Dana , the nephilim is a story . The text in which it appears isn 't even recognized by the Church . Father , do you believe that ... God has his reasons ? Yes . I 'm certain of it . It 's how he rewards our faith . Agent Scully ? - I can 't believe I found you . - What is it ? Agent Mulder 's trying to reach you . He 's at the station house . - Trying to reach me for what ? - The fourth girl . She 's at Father Gregory 's church . Come on , I 'll drive you . - There 's no one here . - They must be on their way . You don 't see her in there ? She 's here . I know it . Agent Scully ? Did you find her ? Agent Scully ? My name is Dana . I 'm going to get you out of there , OK ? I 'm not gonna hurt you . I 'm gonna take you someplace safe . Where are you going ? Where are you taking her ? Everything 's gonna be fine . Bring her here . Bring me the girl ! No , it 's OK . It 's all right . Stay here . It 's OK . Stay ... Just stay here . - It 's gonna be OK . - Bring her out to me ! Mommy ? Mommy , let me go . Mommy , please let me go . Emily . Agent Scully , get her out of there ! Mommy , please . Emily ? You believed you were releasing her soul to heaven ? I felt sure of it . But you still can 't reconcile this belief with the physical fact of her death ? No . I thought I could , Father , but I can 't . Do you believe there is a life after this one ? Yes . Are you sure ? Has it occurred to you that , maybe , this too is part of what you were meant to understand ? You mean accepting my loss ? Can you accept it ? Maybe that 's what faith is . Visiontext Subtitles : Rob Colling US english
