 Two men , young , idealistic , the fine product of a generation hardened by world war . Two fathers whose paths would converge in a new battle , an invisible war between a silent enemy and a sleeping giant , on a scale to dwarf all historical conflicts . A 50 years ' war , its killing fields lying in wait for the inevitable global holocaust . Theirs was the dawn of Armageddon . While the world was unaware , unwitting spectators to the hurly-burly of the decades-Iong struggle between heaven and earth , there were those who prepared for the end , who measured the size and power of the enemy and faced the choices . Stand and fight , or bow to the will of a fearsome enemy . Or surrender , to yield and collaborate , to save themselves and stay their enemy 's hand . Men who believed victory was the absence of defeat and survival the ultimate ideology , no matter what the sacrifice . Shoot me now before it 's too late ! - Mulder ! - Shoot ! Who are you ? - What 's going on ? - Get down ! - Who are you ? - Get down ! On the floor ! Who are you ? We 're with the Centers for Disease Control . Remain calm and where you are . You 're gonna be transported to a quarantine facility soon . Quarantine for what ? A contagion . A contagion of unknown origin . There must be some mistake . I signed up for the aromatherapy treatment . Are we gonna be able to talk to somebody who can tell us what this is all about ? Where the hell do you think we are ? I think , based on our travel time , probably Fort Marlene . High-risk decontamination and quarantine . I beg for your forgiveness and offer my humblest apologies for how this went down . I didn 't have a Iot of choices . I owe your neighbors apologies . It 'II be a while before they get back in the building . We 're still acting on a CDC level 4 quarantine protocol . Based on what information ? That Cassandra Spender had contracted a highly contagious vectoring organism , which produces a spontaneous cellular combustion . - What ? - She remains the only surviving victim of an unspecified medical experiment that killed seven doctors with violent and unexplained burning . - Who called you ? - Agent Spender . Where 's Cassandra ? She 's isolated , pending full and satisfactory medical evaluation . Cassandra was in a general hospital environment for days . We met with her . Yet on a whim you call in the Third Battalion . It 's unjustified and highly suspicious as to motive . - Scully ... - What motives are you suspecting ? - Your isolation of Cassandra . - She 's patient zero . No one is sick or infected here . I assume that , based on you walking in , dressed to the nines , offering apologies masquerading as explanations . - Scully . - Mulder , I want to see Cassandra . - I told you , she 's isolated . - Yes , and I am a medical doctor . Who is suspended indefinitely from her position at the FBI . - They burned our clothes . - Hey ... I heard gray is the new black . Mulder , this stinks . And not just because I think that woman is a ... - I think you know what I think she is . - No , you hide your feelings very well . Agent Spender calling the Centers for Disease Control ? This is somebody using their position to stage a government kidnapping . No . Skinner was at the hospital when Cassandra went missing . He heard Spender make the phone call to the CDC . But she wasn 't sick , Mulder . The remarkable thing is she was well . Why did she come to my apartment , demanding to be killed ? Because of everything that was done to her , the medical experiments and the implant put in her neck . The same thing that was done to me . She just wants it to stop . And , I 'm telling you , they have taken her so that it can continue . No , it won 't continue . It doesn 't have to anymore . She knows what she is . It 's dangerous for her to be alive . That 's why she came to my apartment , asking to be killed . What is she ? I think she 's the one , Scully . I recovered all the medical records from the hospital . The doctors who examined her before she escaped are telling us Cassandra Spender may be the culmination of 25 years of this group 's finest efforts . That 's why the rebels struck . They tried to kill her . They killed everyone but her . They struck to keep her alive , to keep us from killing her . - What do the rebels want ? - To destroy us . They know that when the aliens learn of Cassandra , colonization will begin . - We must destroy Cassandra . - No . Let colonization begin . We must turn over Cassandra . - Save ourselves . - Bill Mulder was against this . He said this would be our tragic mistake . Bill Mulder sacrificed his only daughter because he knew this day would arrive . What choice have we ? If you want to see your families survive . If we want to see those we sacrificed returned to us . Hello ? Hello ? Ma 'am . These shoes , they 're two sizes too small . I was wondering if I could get a ... a pair that fit maybe ? I can 't be seen with you . Marita ? If they catch me with you , they 'II kill me this time . Who ? - The Smoking Man ... his group . - What have they done to you ? Tests . Terrible , terrible tests . Like the tests on Cassandra Spender ? No . Cassandra Spender is part of a program that 's been going on for 25 years . A hybrid program . What were the tests on you ? I was infected with the alien virus . The black Oil . My tests were on the vaccine against it . - Being developed in secret . - In secret from the alien colonists . The hybrid program was in cooperation with the aliens , but the conspirators never intended to succeed , to finish the work . - They were buying time . - To make a vaccine and build a weapon . But Cassandra Spender happened . She 's the first , isn 't she ? She 's the first successful alien-human hybrid . If she is ... and the aliens learn a hybrid exists ... colonization of the planet will begin . With no stopping it . Jeffrey . Jeffrey . - Jeffrey . - Mom . - How are you feeling ? - I 'm fine . Why are they keeping me here ? I 'm keeping you here because you 're safe here . - Safe from who ? - You know who . From my father . You can 't keep me safe from him . I can , Mom , and I 'm going to . There won 't be any more tests on you . You don 't understand . - You don 't understand about me . - I do . I understand everything now . You don 't understand what will happen . What will happen to you if they find me out . - You 've got to let me go . - They 'II just hurt you again , Mom . Yes . You must let them . Or everyone dies . Everyone . Jeffrey ... please ... Jeffrey ! Jeffrey ! Jeffrey ! - Latest in home security . - Get through this , you gotta come past me . I got a call from Scully , said it was urgent . I 'II ask you to hear me out before you launch any objection . Mulder , I asked them to pull up everything they could on Diana Fowley . - I don 't have time for this . - She 's playing you for a fool . I know her , Scully . You don 't . You knew her . You don 't anymore . I think we can prove that to you . She took a position in the FBI 's foreign counterterrorism unit in 1991 . Seven years in Europe . Yet there isn 't a single piece of information available on her activities in the FBI files . Hope you got something more than that to indict her with . Travel records pulled from airline manifests that had been purged from her FBI records . Extensive movement throughout western Europe . - almost weekly trips to and from Tunisia . - For the purpose of what ? That 's what we couldn 't figure . Until we took a flier and found this . - Mutual UFO Network logs . - MUFON . Special Agent Diana Fowley of the FBI was visiting every European chapter , collecting data on female abductees . So she 's collecting data . Big deal . - Or hiding it . - Scully , you 're reaching . When I was abducted , a chip was put in my neck , when I happened upon a MUFON group filled with women who 'd had the same experience . So you 're suggesting that Diana is monitoring these abductees and these tests . You tell me that Cassandra Spender is the critical test subject , the one who could prove everything , and yet who is watching over her ? Mulder , I can prove what you 're saying , or I can disprove it . But not when Diana Fowley is keeping us from even seeing her . Mulder , ask yourself why there is no information whatsoever on Special Agent Diana Fowley , why she would suddenly happen into your life when you are closer than ever to the truth . I mean , you ask me to trust no one , and yet you trust her on simple faith . Cos you 've given me no reason here to do otherwise . Well , then I can 't help you anymore . - You 're making this personal . - Because it is personal . Because without the FBI , personal interest is all that I have . And if you take that away , then there is no reason for me to continue . Diana ? Diana ? Sorry . Nobody home . What are you doing here ? - Door was open . I came in . - Interesting company you keep . No more interesting than your apparent lingerie fetish . You feeling smug , CGB ? Yeah , I know your name . I know your game , and I got nothing to lose . I remember looking over a gun barrel at you once before , Agent Mulder . You couldn 't pull the trigger then . What makes you think you can do it now ? I came here looking for my son . - Why ? - Because he 's betrayed me . He 's chosen the wrong side . He 's chosen to believe in your cause . - That presumes my cause is wrong . - It is , Agent Mulder . It is . I 'm not the one using innocent people , innocent women , as lab rats , trying to create a hybrid , an alien-human hybrid so that I might save my own sorry ass when they finally come knocking ! - You find that funny ? - Your father was against it too . Back in ' 73 . The Ione dissenter . But he came to his senses and gave up your sister Samantha . He didn 't give up my sister . You made him do it . You 're wrong , Agent Mulder . I can 't tell you how wrong you are . How wrong you 've always been . We had agreed to cooperate with the alien colonists by a majority vote , taken by the group that your father and I worked for that came together at the State Department on a project dating back to 1947 , to Roswell . The vote changed that , though . It changed everything . We no Ionger cleaved to any government agency . We 'd now operate privately on our own project . That was your father 's objection , that we would ally ourselves with the alien colonists . - Towards your own selfish end . - We forestalled an alien invasion . - No , you only managed to postpone it . - We saved billions of lives . You put those lives on hold so that you alone could survive . No , Agent Mulder . So you could . That 's exactly what your father failed to realize . He railed at us and our plans , even as the process had begun . While the group had agreed to the most ... painful sacrifices . Sacrifices that no one else would ever be asked to make . You gave them your children ! You gave them your wife ! You sent them away ... like they were things . We sent them away because it was the right thing to do . You sent them away to be tested on . We sent them so they would come back to us . Don 't you see ? You can 't think these choices were made lightly . They were the most painful decisions of our lives . Watching our families ' faces . You 're a liar . My sister was abducted from our home right in front of me . Because your father was late to understand the necessity that he too must give up one of his children to the alien colonists . The aliens insisted on it . It was the only way they would give us the one thing that we needed . The one thing without which we could not proceed . You see , the alien fetus would give us the alien genome , the DNA with which we could make a human hybrid . A new race , Agent Mulder . An alien-human hybrid who could survive the holocaust . So you could survive . And live to see your sister . And now you 've succeeded ? Quite . In spite of ourselves . The plan was to stall , to resist . To work secretly on a vaccine . That was your father 's idea . To use the alien DNA to make a vaccine . To save everyone . The world . It was the reason he came along . But it 's too late now . Colonization is going to begin . There will be a sequence of events . A state of emergency will be declared because of a massive outbreak of the alien virus by bees . And the takeover will begin . I have only to hand over Cassandra . You can 't do that . Our hand 's been forced by the faceless rebels . We 've no choice . Stop it now , or I will stop it . No , Agent Mulder . You won 't stop it . Not if you want to see your sister again . No , you stop it ... or everyone dies . No . I Iive . You live ... to see your sister return . It 's what your father realized . That 's what you will realize as your father 's son . Or die in vain ... with the rest of the world . Save her . Save yourself . You 're looking for your father . He 's gone . They 've all gone . But they 're coming back ? No . No , they left . For good . - What do you mean ? - They 've abandoned these offices . - They 've been here 50 years . - You don 't understand . - Where did they go ? - To West Virginia . They 'II be transported by the colonists and be prepared to receive the hybrid genes . Except for your father . - He 's gone to get your mother . - I 've got her secured away . Secured away ? He 's already had his doctors looking at her . I 've got her under guard . She 's probably being prepared as we speak , Jeffrey . - What do you want now ? - Just lie back , Cassandra . Leave me alone ! Cassandra , Iie back and relax . It 'II be easier . Help ! Leave me alone ! No , you 're not gonna dope me ! - Don 't dope me ! - Roll her over , please . Damn you ! - It 's in . - Bastards . The biggest bastard of all . I need a few minutes . They never question it , do they ? - What ? - Your power and authority . When you 're really such a coward . I came in hopes that we might ... speak of the future . Not the past . I 'm at a disadvantage ... since you stole the past from me . I won 't defend myself . Except to say that ... we 're here now only because of what I 've done . It 's due to it . I know it now . Only now . But for so many years , I didn 't understand ... through all the abductions and the tests ... that it was you . I ordered them , yes . But it was never my intention to harm you . It was to save you . And Jeffrey . You can never save our son . He knows what you 've done to me . I saved you . There 's only one way ... to save him . Only one thing you must do . I can 't do it to you . I can 't . I must die . Or they all die . No . No . - Jeez ... - I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to scare you . - Fox , what are you doing ? - Nothing . Not a damn thing . - I came here looking for evidence . - What are you talking about ? Evidence that you 'd lied to me , that you had loyalties other than to me or to the X-Files . Nothing could be further from the truth , Fox . Nothing . I didn 't find anything , Diana . - But something found me . - What ? Fate . Destiny . Whatever it 's called when you realize the choices you thought you had in life were already made . Fox , what happened here ? You were being paid a visit by young Jeffrey Spender 's father . The Cigarette-Smoking Man came looking for his son , who has taken up my futile cause . - Against his father . - Why futile ? Because there 's nothing to be done . And at some point you just have to accept that the only way those you love are gonna survive ... is if you give up . That 's where it all begins . That 's where we need to be if we want to survive it . please help me . - They 're going to leave me here . - please stay away from me . I can 't help you . They 're packing everything up . They aren 't coming back here . I know you . I can help you . - You can 't help me . - I know where they 're taking her . I know how they 're taking her . You 've gotta trust me , Jeffrey . Shut the door . This is a highly sensitive area . Go back . You 're at a high risk of contamination . Leave the room . - Hey , Scully , it 's me . - I was just dialing you . Where are you ? - I 'm with Diana . - I 'm coming to get you . We 're coming to get you . You 're coming with us . No , listen to me . I 'm gonna take you to Cassandra . - Cassandra 's gone , Scully . - I know , but I know where she 's gone to . - Scully , it 's no use . - I 'm going there whether you come or not . - Going where ? - To the Potomac Yards . They 're transporting her by train car . - Who gave you this information ? - Agent Spender called me . AII right . - You go on ahead . - What did she say ? This may be our last chance to stop them . Turn around . Turn around , Scully . What is that ? This is him . - What the hell is going on ? - We 're in danger . We don 't have much time . - Why not tell me on the phone ? - If someone heard , it 'd create mass panic . - Mass panic ? Over what ? - EI Rico Air Base . - We waited to send our communication . - We were worried something had happened . - Shots were fired at us . - By who ? I don 't know . We have people missing . Where 's alex Krycek ? Krycek ! - I 'm trying to get outta here . - What ? Security won 't recognize my authority to remove a patient . My father did this to her . She wants to tell her story . Sorry son of a bitch . You don 't get it , do you ? It 's all going to hell . The rebels are gonna win . They took it . They took what ? - Who sent the communications ? - No one . This isn 't supposed to be . What is this ? Back . Back , back , back , back ! The way these people died ... The loss of Iife here ... It is beyond words . I can 't imagine how it must be for you , losing your mother . Yes , sir . But that 's not why I asked for this meeting . Why did you ask for it ? Because I 'm responsible for the deaths of those people at the air base in no small way . I certainly didn 't prevent them . I can assume , then , you can explain how they died . Because I have yet to hear any explanation . Agent Mulder can explain it . Agent Scully , to an extent . They might have even prevented what you see in those photos . Scully and Mulder have been suspended by the FBI . - also my doing ... and my mistake . - I would ask ... I 'd ask , before you say it 's not my business , that you do everything you can to get them back on the X-Files . Far worse can happen . And it will . - Where are you going ? - To pack up my office . Agent Spender ! You have answers now ? Why didn 't I hear about those answers before ? - I 've had answers for years . - Why didn 't we hear about them ? - Nobody listened . - Who burned those people ? They burned themselves ... with a choice made long ago by a conspiracy of men who thought they could sleep with the enemy . Only to awaken another enemy . - What the hell does that mean ? - The future is here ... and all bets are off . Agent Scully ... make some sense . Sir , I wouldn 't bet against him . - Get out of here . - This picture you have ... I haven 't see it since you were born . You don 't even know who the other man is . - I don 't care . Get out . - It 's Bill Mulder . Fox Mulder 's father . Isn 't that something ? He was a good man . A friend of mine . Who betrayed me in the end . I know more than enough about your past ... enough to hate you . Your mother was right . I came here hoping otherwise . Hoping that my son ... might live to honor me . Like Bill Mulder 's son . Visiontext Subtitles : Tram Nguyen Zelniker US ENGLISH
