 I hope we 're not bothering you . - We won 't take up much of your time . - l 'm waiting for a call . We 're all waiting , ma 'am , for the good Lord to call in his flock . From the cable TV people . I 'm just moving in . God bless . Good afternoon . I hope we 're not bothering ... - Yes ? - You 're ... - Weren 't you ... - Didn 't we just ... - Didn 't you just what ? - Speak to you . Excuse me ? We just spoke to a woman who could have been your twin . - What are you talking about ? - Down the street , moving in . - Your spitting image . - You won 't believe it when you see her . - Ma 'am ? - Go away ! Get outta here ! - Betty Templeton ? - Yes ? fbi . We 'd like to ask about an incident , a possible religious hate crime in your area . I just moved in yesterday . I don 't know about any incident . We have two young men in the car who say you do know something . My God . Those are the boys that were here yesterday . What happened ? They beat each other to within an inch of their lives after visiting the home of a woman living a few blocks over . What woman ? A woman who , by both young men 's accounts , fits your description . She lives around here ? Are you a practitioner of the occult ? Wicca ? Voodoo ? Satanism ? The black art of bodily bilocation ? Me ? No . You know what they say . Everyone has a twin out there somewhere . No , we don 't know what they say . If someone fits my description , why not talk to her ? We went over to the house , but it 's empty . No one lives there . Frankly , we 're not even sure she exists . This is an fbi fleet sedan from our Kansas City field office requisitioned by two seasoned agents there . Driven into a tree at 43 miles an hour by the female agent in a novel effort to kill her male counterpart . Now , you might think I 'm gonna suggest psychokinesis - PK - someone or something controlling the agents with remote mind-bending power . But it 's not ? Both agents sustained critical injuries , their stories eerily similar , as if they 'd temporarily lost control of their minds , unable to alter their behavior . You may think that I 'm gonna say it 's past lives unresolved or fate stalking the agents like an animal . But you 're not ? These agents had worked together for seven years previously without any incident . Seven years ? Yeah , but they are not romantically involved , if that 's what you 're thinking . Not even I would be so far-fetched . You have any ideas , Scully ? Any thoughts ? What I 'm thinking , Mulder , is how familiar this seems . Playing Watson to your Sherlock , you dangling clues out in front of me one by one . It 's a game , and as usual you 're holding something back from me . You 're not telling me something about this case . OK , so these agents were investigating something . Something much like what they themselves were almost killed by . Something they came into contact with . A third party . Two third parties . Twins . Relatives . Doppelgänger . A corporeal likeness that appears unbidden from the spirit world , the sight of which presages one 's own death . Or a double conjured into the world by a technique called bilocation which in psychological terms represents the person 's secret desires and impulses committing acts that the real person cannot commit himself . Or herself . Mulder , the slide , please . Yes ! Don 't go thinkin I 'm gonna start doin ' the autopsies . Excuse me . Hi . I applied for the sales job you posted . - Yeah. I remember . How could I forget ? - Excuse me ? There 's a problem with your application , as I recall , Miss ... Pfeiffer . Are you sure ? Lulu Pfeiffer . Yes . You reside at 15527 Morton Bay Street ? - Not any longer. I 've moved . - You moved ? Yes , and I don 't have my new address yet . Actually , that 's what 's sending up the red flag . You move a lot , and there 's also your employment history . 17 jobs in 17 states in the past three years . You have as many jobs here as you have addresses . I had a restless streak . The copy business takes a motivated person . I 'm an extremely versatile employee , as you can see by my résumé . What I can tell is you 've left a variety ofjobs . Mongolian-barbecue chef , high-rise window washer , wild-animal trainer , palm reader . - But I am on a career path now . - What 's going on here ? - All my copies are black . - My machine 's goin ' crazy . Who 's running this place ? I can start you immediately . There 's a clean uniform in the employee washroom . That 's quite a string of positions you 've had , Miss ... Templeton . 17 jobs in the last three years . I would have listed more but there wasn 't any room left . 17 's plenty , believe me . My former employers will only give the highest references . It 's not your references . It 's the jobs themselves . Mongolian-barbecue chef , high-rise window washer ... wild-animal trainer ? I 'm a highly versatile employee . What guarantee do I have that you won 'tjust up and quit tomorrow ? You have my personal word on it . I 'm here in Kansas City to stay . - Who is it ? - Mr Zupanic , it 's the fbi . - Excuse me ? - lt 's the fbi , Mr Zupanic . Open up . Give me a minute . - Bert Zupanic ? - Yeah ? We 're hoping you can help us find a woman we think you 're familiar with . - Betty Templeton . - l don 't know no Betty Templeton . Maybe you should take another look at that photograph , Mr Zupanic . Five foot three , red hair . Maybe I can jog your memory . Are you still pleading ignorance , Mr Zupanic ? is that not you in last year 's Fourth of July parade ? Yeah . - And who 's that sitting next to you ? - Her . Try Betty Templeton . We can 't find her . She seems to have left town in a hurry . She did ? Didn 't she used to live on Morton Bay in a pink house ? Alderwood . Blue house . On Alderwood ? Mr Zupanic , do you have any reason to be lying to us ? No , sir. I mean ma 'am . Thank you , Mr Zupanic . I have no doubt we 'll be in touch with you . Know what I 'm thinking ? That he not only knows Betty Templeton and where we can find her but that he is hip to whatever she 's into , and that I should look at that house on Morton Bay Street while you find out from Mr Zupanic what it is he 's clearly hiding about Betty Templeton . I 'm thinkin ' that Bert Zupanic really truly doesn 't know Betty Templeton . Well , I guess that 's why they put the " l " in the fbi . - Give me a double , Freddy . - Thought you were in training , Bert , my man . Would you just pour ? Nice outfit . Freddy , Fire in the Hole . Seven and Seven for the lady , and make it stiff . My God ! - How did you do that ? - Do what ? How did you know my drink ? I feel like you 're lookin ' right through me . Like you 're readin ' my soul like a book . Maybe you 've had enough of that . You are in trouble , aren 't you ? I don 't know . I could be . - What kind of trouble are you lookin ' for ? - You don 't want to go home tonight , OK ? Itjust so happens I don 't got a home to go to . Anyway ... I 'm Betty Templeton . Alderwood Avenue . My God . I 'm shakin ' . Betty Templeton . That 's perfect . Hey , Scully ! I want you to meet a buddy of mine . This is Mr Argyle Sapersteen . - Stein . - Saperstein . Excuse me . - This is my partner , Dana Scully . - A pleasure and an honor . So I take it from your posture , Mulder , you 've solved this case . I have narrowed down the search for our perpetrator with the help of Mr Saperstein . - Narrowed it down to where ? - Right down there . Our mystery woman is indeed involved with Zupanic , the man we spoke to at his hotel , who will be fighting here two days hence , with the woman undoubtedly in attendance . If it 's the lady I 'm thinkin ' , she 's not much to look at , but he says she brings him luck . - Bert Zupanic is a boxer ? - A wrestler . Semipro . So we wait around Kansas City for a couple of days until we can talk to this woman ? Well , there 's lots to do here , and the barbecue 's second to none , right ? Plus Mr Saperstein 's gonna show me some smackdown moves so I can quit gettin ' my ass kicked so often , right ? And there 's an art exhibit that traces the influence of Soviet art on the American pop culture , right ? Unless , of course , you 've already found Betty Templeton . Finding Betty Templeton won 't solve this case , and not unless we find Lulu Pfeiffer . - Who 's Lulu Pfeiffer ? - Our Doppelgänger . Who lived , until yesterday , in a pink house on Morton Bay Street , but she 's not a manifestation , she 's real . So is the path of destruction she 's left in her wake . Though there seems to be no connection between them , Betty Templeton and Lulu Pfeiffer have traveled city to city across 17 US states , one alternately trailing the other for the past 12 years , and wherever they have been , mayhem has followed . Damn . It 's notjust car accidents and fist fights , Mulder . It 's house fires and explosions , and even riots . The lady knows her stuff . Yeah . Your mama . - Hello ? - Where 's my money ? - l got it and I 'm bringin ' it . - Yeah , that 's what I heard last night . - Now you got the feds on your ass . - What ? Your good-luck charm don 't sound so lucky no more , boychik . - Maybe I should cancel the fight . - l 'm bringin ' the money , OK ? I 'm bringin ' it . I 'm havin ' lunch at Froggy 's . No money , no fight , Titanic . - ln trouble or something ? - l 'm just ... - l gotta be somewhere , OK ? - Why ? What time is it ? God ! I 'm gonna be late for work . You were incredible . Why do I find myself so wildly attracted to you , Bert Zupanic ? You just can 't help yourself , baby . Where were you last night ? - Where was I ? - Yeah . You said meet me for a drink . That 's what you said . I was there and I was waiting on you . - Are you two-timing me , Bert ? - How can you say that ? You 're my good-luck charm . Who is she ? - Who is she ? - You do not wanna get in the ring with me ! Honey , listen . Come on , baby . There 's nobody under there . You 're acting crazy , sweetie . Hey , I know this hairpin . I can explain that . You lovable lug , Bert Zupanic . I 'm sorry , baby . This is mine . - Of course it is . - l just get so jealous . Forgive me ? I forgive you. I 'm in training . You gotta work . You 're late . I 'm just so wildly attracted to you . - Looks and charm , what 's not to love ? - There 's a lot to love . - l know . You have to go . - Will you call me at least ? You bet. I 'm on the phone now , OK ? - Bert , did I hear voices ? - Voices ? I didn 't hear any voices . Where 's the Titanic ? - What ? - Your boyfriend , the wrestler . Talk about moves . I can 't believe it . We barely just met . - He 's supposed to meet me here . - He 's coming here ? He 'd better be , if he wants that fight Saturday . I better go freshen up a little . I was just coming in for lunch . Zupanic , hey . Thought you were a no-show . Talking to your girlfriend . My girlfriend ? Holy sugar . - Now , how did she do that ? - Do what ? I just saw her. I swear . I just saw her go to the can . She just went to the can ? Ten seconds ago . - What are you doing here ? - l have a business meeting . - Why don 't I meet you outside in the park ? - l was just gonna get some lunch . - Perfect . We 'll have a picnic . - A picnic ? We never do that . Now ... Bert ? I have a little business to attend to , sweetie . - You got more than that to attend to . - Bert , I only got an hour ... Mr Zupanic ? What happened ? There was an incident . You were struck by flying glass . Did you lose something ? Yeah . My good luck . Would that be Betty or Lulu , Mr Zupanic ? Cos they 're the ones who caused this and they 'll do it again if we can 't find them . Where are they , Mr Zupanic ? Excuse me . - fbi . - Can I help you ? Yes , I 'm looking for ... that girl . Betty . This man 's from the fbi . - Betty Templeton ? - l 'm just getting off work . - Could we maybe talk some other time ? - l think we both know why I 'm here . - lt 's her fault ! - Lulu Pfeiffer . She follows me around trying to ruin my life . I 'm not gonna let her ruin it this time . It 's either me or her . I don 't wanna leave Kansas . - Scully . - l found her at Koko 's Copy Center . - Betty Templeton ? - Yeah . She says that Lulu Pfeiffer 's trying to ruin her life . - She follows her wherever she goes . - Lulu Pfeiffer works at Koko 's too . That 's what Lulu says about Betty , except she says this is the end of the line . - That she 's not leaving Kansas . - That 's exactly what Betty said . - What 's going on here ? - l don 't know , Scully . You run this show . You tell me . I think that this is more than just physical proximity . I think that these women have some kind of a psychic connection . No ... Sherlock . Scully , where 's Lulu ? She just took off , Mulder . She left work and she drove away . She isn 't driving a little blue convertible ? That 's exactly what she 's driving . Crap . - Can I help you ? - Yes. I 'm looking for someone . He was here speaking to an employee and I can 't seem to reach him . - Tall guy , dark hair ? - Yeah . - He left . - And you don 't know where he went ? Couldn 't say . However , I can tell you we have a two-for-one copy discount in effect . How about lnternet access ? Right this way . - ls he in there ? - Sleepin ' . - Can you wake him up for me ? - Sure ? - lt 's important . - Will you two shut up or go away ? Mr Damphouse ? The sound of your voice is like ajackhammer on my eardrums ! Mr Damphouse , I 'm Special Agent Dana Scully with the fbi . What 's so special about you ? ! It 's an fbi title , sir . I know it is. I 'm not stupid ! If you 'll let me explain why I 'm here , we might be able to get you to bed a little bit sooner . What a relief ! Through matching-up of documents I have been able to compile on the Internet , and by comparing time and space and circumstance and applying the law of averages ... They could electrocute me quicker ! I believe that you may be the father of two daughters . I 'm no father ! Using documents filed by a sperm bank in Sparta , Illinois , and by the mothers who may have been impregnated by your donation ... I Yankee Doodled into a plastic cup ! Be that as it may , sir , it is very likely that you are the biological father and it is very important , for their safety and the safety of others , that we get as much information about your parents and anything about your family tree that may explain the reactions caused by these two girls . A big , ugly dog lifted its leg on my family tree . - Make room for Daddy ! - Shut up , you fat ox ! Hello . You aren 't answering your phone ? I 'm just screening my calls . You sleep with me once and now you 're avoiding me ? I got big trouble , baby . I gotjust one shot left at the big time . Just one . But you got your match tonight . Your name 's up on the marquee ! I 've lost my financing ' . - You 're my good luck , baby . - l am ? It was my good luck to meet you and if you could just ... if you could help the Titanic find a way ... - Find a way ? - They say I 'm old. I 'm washed up . All I want 's a shot . If I don 't get the money I 'm gonna lose my chance . Maybe I can . You 're not answering your phone ? Lulu ? Someone else you were expecting ? Well ? Baby , I got trouble. I got big trouble . Mulder ? - Yeah . - Where have you been ? Seeing a side of Kansas City few men have the privilege to see . - What happened to you ? - l got sucked into a storm drain . A more pressing question is what happened to Betty Templeton and Lulu Pfeiffer ? I don 't know , but I have been able to locate the nature of their connection . Both women are non-fraternal siblings from the same father . - You 've located him ? - Yeah . He 's here in the state pen . When is all this yammering gonna stop ? And he 's given you insight ? The biggest thing I can figure out right now is he 's probably the angriest man in the world . Not as angry as the women are gonna be when they both realize they 're in love with Bert Zupanic . - They 're both after him ? - That 's why they 're staying in Kansas City . If they 're the reason it doesn 't explain what 's happening , what 's causing the phenomenon or how we 're gonna make it stop . You 're the one who 's supposed to have all the answers . Somebody 's gotta get to that fight and keep those women apart or else this time the ... is going to hit the fans . Well , hi . Mr Zupanic ? You said you 'd have my money . I 'll have it. I swear I will . I 'll call off the damn fight , Titanic. I 'll have these people cursing your damn name . I 'm telling you it 'll be here . Don 't worry. I promise . Bert ! Bert . I got it . How ' bout ya , buddy ? Let 's get ready to rumble . Baby. I knew you wouldn 't let me down . It 's you and me . All the way . Ladies and gentlemen , get out your seats and on your feets for our own hometown boy gone bad ... Bert " the Titanic " Zupanic ! Titanic ! - Yeah ! - Let 's take ' em , baby ! Let 's take ' em , baby ! Come on ! Titanic ! Betty Templeton . My name is Fox Mulder. I 'm with the fbi . Can you come with me ? I 'm watching the fight . Don 't make me have to remove you , ma 'am . I can 't believe this . - What are you doing here ? - What are you doing here ? - l 'm Bert 's good luck . - He 's mine . Over my dead body ! Stop it ! Stop it ! You 're goin ' down , lady ! I 'm gonna kick your butt from here to Tuesday ! Stick a fork in you , you 're done ! Hi , baby . - Betty . - Bert , keep it up ! I love you , baby ! - Bert. I got the money . - Lulu ? Kick his butt , Bert . Lulu . No ! Bert ! Oh , my . My God . 50 million anonymous donations have been made to sperm banks in the US . Most have produced healthy offspring for single mothers or fertility-challenged couples while some of them have not . Bert Zupanic and his non-fraternal biological sibling , both small-time bank robbers , part-time pro wrestlers , both with too many idiosyncratic behaviorisms to list , stood a 27-million-to-one chance of ever meeting , but they did . Damn , those are some odds . Betty Templeton and Lulu Pfeiffer , with different mothers but the same father - an angry drifter now doing time for counterfeiting - chanced to meet 12 years ago , but couldn 't seem to avoid each other 's compulsively identical mannerisms , mannerisms attributable to their perpetually angry father . - What does it all mean ? - l 've been thinking hard about that . I would like to say it has to do with balance in the universe , the attraction of opposites and the repulsion of equivalents , or that , over time , nature produces only so many originals , that when two original copies meet that the result is often unpredictable . If four should meet , the result is ... Well , suffice to say it 's betterjust to avoid these encounters altogether and at all costs . I think Agent Mulder would agree with me . Visiontext Subtitles : Abigail Smith US english
