 Three . Gimme two . Two . Can I have five cards , please ? Five ? What , are you serious ? Four 's the limit . Let 's see your ace . If Mr Weems wants five ... give him five . Dealer takes two . Four . - How much is that ? - Four grand keeps you in . You and your five shiny new cards . Here 's 4,000 . And four more . Let 's make this interesting . I 'm raising you 15 large . I wouldn 't do that . This is all I need . You 're gonna need Depends after you see this hand . Now we show each other our cards ? Four kings . That 's a straight flush , right ? Beginner 's luck . - What the hell do you think you 're doin ' ? - Going home . No , not so fast . We expect a chance to win some of our money back . Guys , there 's over $ 100,000 here . You 're damn right there is . A hundred thousand 's all I need . Sorry . I had fun , though . Where can I cash out ? Guys , I think we 're going up instead of down . Guys ? Guys , this is not what I meant by " cashing out . " Hello ? Yeah , Mulder , it 's me . What now ? - Are you in Chicago ? - Yes , I 'm in Chicago . I 'm on the northeast corner of 7th and Hunter , just like you asked . Only you 're not here . So where are you ? - Oh , around . - Yeah ? Hey , nice outfit . What 's down there ? Before you check down there , check up there . Top two floors are leased to Jimmy Cutrona whose name you might be familiar with . Organized crime . The Bureau 's been trying to build a racketeering case against him . Gambling , extortion , murder . That 's why last night there were two agents parked in surveillance . They witnessed a man being thrown from Cutrona 's roof at 10 : 40pm . This man fell for 30 floors , plus the distance down this shaft because these doors were open . Straight through , nothin ' but net . Ouch . I 'm guessin ' that 's what he said . After he got up , climbed out of here , and scampered off into the night . Mulder , you keep saying " this man . " Who is this man ? No idea . He got away . The agents gave chase , but no clear description . - Was this basement thoroughly searched ? - No . Technically , falling 300 feet and surviving isn 't a crime . And your theory is ? What if this man had some kind of special capability ? Some kind of genetic predisposition towards rapid healing or tissue regeneration . So , basically , what if we were looking for Wile E Coyote ? You 're saying that he is invulnerable , right ? In 1998 a British soldier plummeted 4500 feet when his parachute failed and he walked away with a broken rib . What 's your point ? My point is that if there is a wind gust or a sudden updraft and plus if he landed in exactly the right way , I mean ... I don 't know , maybe he just got lucky . What if he got really , really lucky ? That 's your big scientific explanation , Scully ? How many thousand variables would have to convene for that theory to hold water ? - l don 't know . - No . Thousands . - Mulder ? - Yeah . Look at this . If this cart were on the platform when he hit it 'd explain the condition of these wheels . What if this whole thing had just enough give to save his life ? - We 'd have to find him to ask . - Yeah , we have to find him . Looks like maybe we 've found part of him already . I think you 're taking a flier here , Mulder . There must be 600 people with prosthetic eyes in the Chicago area . Yeah , but only this Henry Weems made an appointment this morning to get a new one . Maybe he can 't see his way to the door . Come on , Scully. I 'm feelin ' lucky . Can you help me ? It 's an emergency . - Ma 'am , we 're not plumbers . - l didn 't say you were . I just want the damn water turned off so I can go to work . You gotta be stronger than me , right ? The valve 's under the sink . Your building super , Henry Weems , he isn 't around ? Mr Dependable ? Might as well wait for Jimmy Hoffa to show up . You 're turning it the wrong way . - Hey , Richie , sweetheart , back in bed . - But Mom ... " But " s are for sitting and I want yours back in bed . He 's right . Clockwise . I know that . Clockwise . You OK , Mulder ? Yeah , it 's all right . My ass broke the fall . Guess who I 've found . Henry Weems , I presume ? Next time leave the plumbing to a professional . You wanna try this on for size , Cinderella ? Mr Weems , why were you hiding in a vacant apartment ? Not hiding . Avoiding . - Avoiding whom ? - You people . Now you 've found me , let 's get it over with . No way am I testifying against Jimmy Cutrona . Last night Cutrona had you thrown off the roof of 1107 Hunter Avenue . - Correct ? - You didn 't hear it from me . I 'm not letting you people move me to Muncie , Indiana to milk cows . More to the point , you survived a 300-foot fall , essentially unharmed . I don 't know . Maybe the wind was just right and I landed on a bunch of towels . - No biggie . - You got lucky . Yeah , I guess , except you should look at my bruise . Plus , I didn 't get to keep my poker winnings . That 's what you were doing , playing poker ? Cutrona thought I was cheating. I wasn 't . But like I said , you didn 't hear it from me . It must have been a high-stakes game , I imagine . Did you win a lot of money ? I don 't know . A little . What is that ? Did you make it ? Sort of a hobby . Mind if I ... ? That 's craftsmanship . What does it mean ? What do you mean ? It doesn 't mean anything . I just sorta ... I don 't know . It 's cause and effect . So , are we done here ? Mr Weems , can I ask you to reconsider testifying against Cutrona ? - Nope . No way , José . - Well , it would be in your best interest . He 's tried to kill you once and he will do it again . Yeah , we can protect you . I 'll take my chances . So , here 's the plan as I see it . We inform the Chicago field office about Weems , leaving it to them to secure his testimony . You change your clothes . We fly back to DC by sunset , and all is right with the world . Are you gonna dump this case just as it 's getting interesting ? Interesting , Mulder , was when we were looking for Wile E Coyote . Come on , Mulder . This guy just got lucky . There 's no X-File here . Maybe his luck is the X-File . Stairs . What ? Car keys . Must have lost them when I fell . So , you get many of these ? So , I searched the entire building and there 's no sign of Henry Weems . I 'm guessing that he 's on the run . Our dead man 's name is Angelo Bellini , AKA Angie the Animal . He 's an enforcer for the Cutrona family and I don 't think his visit was friendly . You think Weems could have killed him in self-defense ? A skinny guy with no depth-perception against a man nicknamed the Animal ? I don 't think so . We both know Weems didn 't kill anybody . Besides , we were gone for two minutes . This guy doesn 't have a scratch on him . I 'm thinkin ' it was a heart attack . What the hell happened here , Mulder ? Cause and effect . - Meaning ? - OK . So , watch . So Bellini kicks down the door - poised to kill Weems , right ? Just as he 's about to pull the trigger a noise startles him . The buzzer , when I buzzed to be let back in the apartment . So when he does pull the trigger his aim is off , right ? And he hits the lamp , which falls over and knocks over the ironing board . So as the bullet ricochets Weems dives over the sofa . When Bellini goes for him he trips over the ironing board , bounces off the chair , flips end over end and his shoelace gets caught in the fan . QED . Cause and effect . Seemingly unrelated and unconnected events and occurrences that appear unrelated and random beforehand but which seem to chain-react in Henry Weems 's favor . - Dumb luck ? - Yeah . He seems to have tapped into it . He won big at poker . He survived getting thrown off a skyscraper , and now this . Hang on a second . - Your name 's Richie , right ? - Yeah . - l 'm Dana . - Hi . Why don 't we head back to your room ? I 'm sure that 's what your mom would want . So , I 'm guessing you 're a sports fan . Which one 's your favorite ? Well , it used to be basketball , but now the Bulls suck , so I think maybe baseball . I like baseball too . Did Henry make this for you ? That 's pretty neat . Yeah . He made it for me when I was in the hospital . He said it 's cos everything happens for a reason . Only just sometimes it 's hard for us to see . You went to the hospital because of your liver ? It doesn 't work so good . Police looking for Henry ? Yeah . They just wanna talk to him . Do you have any idea where he might have gone ? Since I got sick he hardly ever goes out . - Boy give you any leads ? - He knows nothing . Mulder , as to your theory ... Why would the world 's most supernaturally lucky man be a building superintendent ? Why doesn 't he run down to the Illinois State Lottery , enter and , you know , he 'd win automatically ? - How you feelin ' , pal ? - l 'm OK . The police are lookin ' for you , though . How come ? You do folks a favor , wire the joint for free cable ... Don 't worry about it . You 're gonna be OK by yourself for a while ? Where are you goin ' ? There something ' l gotta do I 've been puttin ' off . You get some rest . That 's it ? You got nothing else ? OK . Thank you . Henry Weems has no police record , I assume . He has no record of any kind . He doesn 't earn enough in a year to file tax returns . He has no savings account , no checking account , no insurance . He doesn 't even have a video rental card . He doesn 't even have a driver 's license . I mean , it 's like he 's intentionally stayed off the radar . He 's retired from the world . Ever since December 1989 . When a commuterjet crashed into Lake Michigan carrying 21 passengers . - There was one survivor . - Henry . Yeah. lt 's how he lost his eye . Snowy night , Christmas rush . He 'd been bumped from three flights before they found a seat for him on that plane . - And guess what seat number . - 13 ? - On flight seven . - More good luck , you 're saying ? Good or bad , but maybe that 's where it all started . What if a brand-new Henry Weems was plucked from the wreckage ? One whose fortunes had been irrevocably , permanently changed . Before 1989 Henry held down ajob for nine years at a train yard . But after the accident , it 's like he just disappeared off the face of the earth . He severed ties with all of his friends and moved out to Melrose Park . There are millions of reasons for that , including survivor 's guilt . I mean , what doesn 't track for me is why Henry Weems would drop off the map just because he suddenly became very lucky . What doesn 't track for me is why he 's resurfaced , why he 's suddenly decided to use his luck in this way . - All right , take care of yourself , brother . - Later . - Hey , what 's the lottery up to ? - 28 million . - l don 't need that much . - How much do you need , Rockefeller ? More like a hundred grand . Here goes . One dollar . These suck . A Melrose Park building superintendent is wanted for questioning in a case some sources term " an unusually vicious gangland slaying . " You did it ! You won a hundred grand ! - Where do I collect the money ? - Man , they 'll mail it to you . $ 8200 a month for 12 months . Yeah ! That 's too long . - No , please. I wouldn 't do that . - Oh , baby ! Oh , sweet baby ! Anything in the trash can is the store 's property . - Yeah , right. ln your face . - No , just throw it away . Something bad is going to happen . So long , suckers . I did it ! I won ! I won the lottery ! A hundred grand , fools ! A hundred grand ! On three . One , two , three . So , let me get this straight . This is the man who initially won the money . Once you and he ascertained the accident victim was still alive , this man fled on foot . After which the man who was hit by the truck handed you the lottery card and said ... " Maurice , I want you to have this . " - Thank you , Mr Albert , I think that will be all . - Thank you . For such a fortunate man a lot of unfortunate things happen in Henry Weems ' wake . Maybe that 's part of the package . Can 't have one without the other . So , Mulder , Henry Weems came here to buy a lottery ticket . Why ? Maybe it 's like you said . Why wouldn 't the luckiest man in the world enter the lottery ? Actually , that 's exactly what you said , about an hour after you said it . Well , he 's not in his place and he 's not with Richie . - You think he hid in there ? - He doesn 't hide , he avoids . And pretty damn well , I 'd say . That thing must go all over the building , Mulder . I 'll start with the roof if you wanna start with the basement . Watch the rough stuff ! Henry Weems , you 're a hard man to track down . I 'm workin ' here . You and I are gonna have a talk . Just sit right here and don 't move , OK ? Tough guy . Oh , crap . Not again . Let 's get him up to OR 40 . Coming through . Excuse us . - Does it hurt ? - Stings a bit . But I 'll live . Come over here , Henry . I wanna try something . - What 's that about ? - l haven 't a clue . Nine of clubs . You go . - What for ? - l think you know . Oh ! You win . Double or nothin ' . Ooh ! Tough to beat . - You win again . - Mulder , what does that prove ? It proves that if we played this 10,000 times in a row he would win 10,000 times in a row . He 's incapable of losing . How does it feel to be the luckiest man in the universe , Henry ? It 's a nightmare . You 've no idea . No , I do . Cos when you get lucky , really , really lucky , the people around you tend to suffer. ls that right ? I think it 's a balance thing . Something good happens to me and everybody else has to take it in the keister . So you stay close to home mostly , keep a low profile , but recently you 've ventured further . - You played poker with those mobsters . - l figured they could stand the trimming . Bunch of goombah jerks . They got issues , man . You don 't mind so much if a few criminals get hurt but then you went and you played the lottery . I knew I shouldn 't have done that . I needed the money . For what ? For Richie , right ? It 's the complications from his hepatitis . He 's on every donor list they got but he 's got a rare blood type - B negative . And he 's CN ... something . CMV negative . Cytomegalovirus . There 's no way they 're gonna find a donor in time . There 's a treatment program in England . A hundred grand gets him in . It 's experimental but it 's the best chance he 's got now . - Am I under arrest ? - No . However , you will need protection from Cutrona and his men . I 'd say they need protection from me . I 'm sorry , Mulder . That was utterly irresponsible . You 're feeding the delusions of a man who has had three attempts made upon his life . You 're supposed to talk him into protective custody , not out of it . I 'd agree with you if I thought his life was in danger . As it is , he 's doing a betterjob on Cutrona 's organization than the fbi . I wonder if we should make him an honorary agent . Mulder , you 're putting an astounding amount of faith in coincidence and luck . Essentially , you 're betting a man 's life on it . And even if you believe in so-called lucky streaks , you have to know they all eventually end . Luckiest man in the world ? No , Mulder , I just beat him . - Mulder ? - Come on , Scully . Henry ! - You 're supposed to be resting . - l am resting . Playing on the floor doesn 't count . - Don 't you ever get tired of this thing ? - Henry said it 's educational . Yeah , well , I don 't want you believing everything that Henry says . - Do you know the police are looking for him ? - He said it 's no big deal . When did you see ... ? Mom . What 's wrong ? - How 's he doin ' ? - Well , he 's got a bruised rib and a black eye . It certainly could have been worse . And don 't tell me he just got lucky . Far from it . Maybe what you said about streaks is right . It looks like his has just about run its course . I don 't mean to make light of his misfortune but maybe it knocked some sense into him . He 's agreed to testify against Cutrona . - What ? - Our guy from the justice department called . They 're filing a federal warrant today . This mook Weems ... This mook Weems was street pizza last I heard from you . He was. I don 't know what it is . Maybe he has some special ability . He 's impervious , or somethin ' . Anyway , we can 't get to him . They got cops all over the hospital . Who says we have to get to him ? I want the toy Henry made me , Mom . Can you please go get it ? Sure , honey . - We gotta go . - All right . Richie , I will bring it . I will follow you there . I will meet you at the hospital , OK ? - Did you find her ? - No . You know Cutrona took her to keep me from testifying . We 're focused on him , but there 's no sign of a kidnapping , no ransom note . - He 's too smart for that . - lt makes it hard to obtain a search warrant . - We 'll get one , though . - When ? Tomorrow ? Next week ? - Could someone sit with him , at least ? - Hold up . Henry , what if what I said before wasn 't true , that your luck hasn 't changed ? Maybe all this is happening for a reason . So you 're saying Maggie getting taken is a good thing ? No , I 'm saying that what looks like bad luck may not be bad luck , but we can 't tell yet . We 're not in that position . We can 't see the forest for the trees . How is he ? Not good. lf they don 't find a donor in the next few hours ... What if everybody that becomes involved in Henry Weems 's life somehow becomes an integral part of his luck , including you and I ? Mulder , you 're speaking as if we 're all trapped in one of those contraptions that he built . - What are you doing ? - Looking for Maggie Lupone . Luck is the overreaching force in this investigation . I say we roll with it . - Yeah , let 's call that a dry run . - Yeah . Look who came calling . I wanted to tell you personally that there 's no hard feelings . I 'm not testifying against you . Just let Maggie Lupone go . Maggie. I don 't know anybody named Maggie . You know anybody named Maggie ? Fellas , don 'tjerk me around . Jerk you around ? You try to cheat me out of a hundred large , you kill Angie , you put Sal in the hospital , I 'm jerkin ' you around ? I apologize for my choice of words . Please , just let her go . Her kid 's really sick . I don 't care what happens to me . You 'll care . By the time I 'm finished , you 'll definitely care . Henry ! Richie - how is he ? Not that one . Use the small one . Henry ! Don 't you hurt him , you son of a bitch ! Shut her up ! Henry ! What are the odds for Cutrona being a perfect match ? A thousand to one ? A million to one ? Maybe higher . Maybe everything does happen for a reason . Whether we see it or not . Maybe your luck is changing . Maybe . Visiontext Subtitles : Abigail Smith US english
