 We 're so sorry , Becky . If there 's anything we can do for you , anything at all , just let us know . Thank you so much . It would have meant a lot to him . Thank you . Thank you for coming . Mrs Crouch , I 'm sorry for your loss . Thank you , Mr ... ? Johnson . I worked briefly with your husband . I was impressed by him . Very much so . Thank you . Sorry . Hell of a Christmas , Raymond . He 's at peace now . That 's one small comfort to be drawn . Didn 't even leave a note . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in Me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . Whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . He that believeth in Me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . Thank you , ma 'am . - Are you with the fbi too ? - Yes , sir . Look , I know my job . The man was deceased . - l 'm sorry ? - l understand that he was one of your own . But these rumors I 'm hearing that I put a living human being into the ground ... You people better get your facts straight , real fast . Mulder ? You been spreading rumors ? Why ? Hear any good ones lately ? Not particularly . So what do you have here ? - Merry Christmas , by the way , Scully . - Thank you . Merry Christmas to you too . Grave robbery with a twist . Check out the head liner , Scully . Well , it looks like someone on the inside was trying to get out . Indeed it does . To answer you , I haven 't been spreading any rumors . The local PD 's been doing a pretty good job of that , ever since they matched the fingerprints on the dead man to these . And to those up there on that headstone . There 's a big , juicy handprint on the back . What about the person or persons who did the digging ? Well , we got one pile of dirt . I 'm guessing one man with a shovel . Other than that , last night 's rain hasn 't left us much to go on . Well , go ahead , Scully , nay-say me . The body of a fbi agent gets disinterred , only to climb out on its own and disappear into the Yuletide night . - See , you had me up until there . - Did I ? I think it 's what you said before . I think it 's a grave robbery with a twist . You 've got the fingerprints and the torn casket liner . Most likely it 's rigged evidence that 's been faked by whoever exhumed the body . - Faked for what effect ? - Publicity ? Fear ? Rumors ? I mean , I don 't know what specific effect , but nonetheless , it 's ... - What ? - Looks like blood . Special Agent Raymond Crouch . Age 56 , married , no children . After a sterling 21-year career with the Bureau , he retired in 1993 . Then , earlier this month , he was found in the garage of his Tallahassee home , service weapon in hand . - Definitely self-inflicted ? - l read over the report and there 's no indication otherwise . - How about a motive for the grave robberies ? - We 've gone through Crouch 's cases . - He doesn 't seem to have made any enemies . - Same thing with his personal life . No large debts , no feuds with neighbors , never a bad word against him . - Nothing stands out ? - Should something stand out ? Agent Mulder , what 's your take on this ? Only that I don 't think it was grave robbery per se . It was necromancy . The summoning of the dead . It 's magic , dating back to shamanism , with a long tradition in the Christian church . The dead are brought back to life to divulge arcane knowledge and perform ritual tasks . So this wacko thought he was raising the dead ? That 's what he was doin ' . This is a ... That 's a magic circle drawn in goat 's blood . The rain washed most of it away . The blood attracts the undead , while the circle focuses the necromancer 's power , while protecting him from the spirits that he 's conjuring . He may also desire to wear the clothes of the dead man to create a bond between them . You would not want to be this man 's dry-cleaner . Obviously , there are clear ritualistic elements to this crime . But the question is , why were they directed at Raymond Crouch ? That is the question . Well , let 's come up with an answer . Mulder , Scully , a word , please ? Necromancy aside , this magic circle you mentioned , what if it looked something like this ? It 's an Ouroboros , possibly . Definitely a mystical symbol . The alchemists favored it . They believed that it represented all of existence . I 'm thinking more the Millennium Group . It was their symbol as well . - Are you familiar with them ? - Somewhat . They were former fbi agents who offered consulting services to law enforcement . - Somehow , they fell into disrepute . - They operated in extreme secrecy . They had their own agenda , which was less than altruistic , if not improper or illegal . And that it was , in fact , a cult based upon Judeo-Christian end-time prophecies concerning the coming millennium . - Was Raymond Crouch a member ? - l can 't seem to find out . The group dissolved several months ago . They left no paper trail , nothing . However , I do have three other grave desecrations all within the last six months . Long lsland , Northern California , Arizona . All three graves contained the bodies of former fbi agents . All three were recent suicides . How long were you going to sit on this ? Owing to the Millennium Group 's former ties with the Bureau , this matter is sensitive , to say the least . - lnvestigate them . Keep a low profile . - l think I know where to start . - How well do you know this man ? - Only by reputation . He left VlCAP before I got there . But he 's been called the greatest criminal profiler the Quantico ever produced . - What 's he doing here ? - Good morning . Apparently , he checked himself in for a 30-day observation . I gather the last few years haven 't been kind to him . He can tell us about the Millennium Group . He used to consult for ' em . Later , he fought to bring them down at the expense of his own career . Single-minded . Sounds like someone I know . Frank Black ? My name is Fox Mulder . This is my partner , Dana Scully . It 's a pleasure to meet you . Do you mind if we sit down ? - Who 's playing ? - lt 's Notre Dame and Boston College . Ah , the Fighting Irish and the Golden Eagles . What can I do for you , agents ? We 're working on a case that we feel you might have some particular insight into . The death of four fbi agents . Do you recognize these men ? I do . All four committed suicide in the last six months . All were exhumed from their graves in a ritual desecration . They were members of the Millennium Group , is that correct ? Sir , we 've been having a really difficult time gleaning any information about the group . About its membership , its practices . - l believe you can help us . - No , thank you . I 'm retired . I think you can tell that I 'm trying to put my life back together . - l can 't get involved in this . - We 're not asking you to . - l 'm asking you to take a look at the case file . - No , thank you . Mr Black , the day after tomorrow is January 1st , 2000 . That 's the significant date for these people . That doesn 't leave us much time . Don 't you want to see them stopped ? Well , Mr Black , you are not what I was expecting . - Agent Mulder . - Yes . It 's 1st 18 . Just let me watch this game in peace . - lt 's 3rd 10 . Notre Dame . - Happy New Year . Same to you . - Evenin ' . - Hi . Could I give you a hand ? Oh , no. I 'm about done . But thanks . - Guess I ran over a nail or somethin ' . - Well , I can help you see at least . Well , I 've been drivin ' all night . Be good to get home . I hear ya . Man ... What is that ? I think a deer , maybe , must have died out there in the woods . Sir . What 's in the truck ? - Nothing . - Mind if I take a look ? - There 's nothing in there , so ... - Drop that . Take two steps back . Drop it . Stand up , there . Stand up ! Let me see your hands ! What ? Speak up ! - l have the men concentrating on the woods . - Our necromancer was definitely here . It 's salt . Heavy magic . If you 're gonna tell me that he stopped by the side of the road to raise the dead - which I hope you 're not - l 've got two things to say to you . One is that his previous circles were made of blood , not salt , and two ... They were large enough for a body . This is a protective circle for one man to stand in . - Protecting himself against what ? - Whatever it was that did that . Agents ! Over here ! I saw a lump in the ground . My God . Bite marks . They look human . More salt . " l am he that liveth and was dead ; and , behold , I am alive for evermore , Amen ; and have the keys of hell and of death . " Book of Revelation . Chapter one , verse 18 . Go , Fighting Irish . 1st 18 . It 's not football , it 's Revelations . You wanted to tell us something . Why notjust come out and say it ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . I cannot get involved in this . All right , so you 'll occasionally drop a little arcane hint ? A police officer was murdered , Frank . Why do you want to play around ? Your denials aside , you know something about that . You knew that we 'd find this . What are you afraid of ? Losing your daughter . You 're in a custody battle with the parents of your late wife . I just spoke with your doctor . That 's why you 're here . They claimed I was an unfit father , obsessed with conspiracy and the end of the world . That my work meant more to me than my daughter , Jordan . The thing is , they were right . - And so you retired . - l will sell insurance. I 'll do whatever it takes . I 'll get well and I 'll jump through hoops , but I will not mention the Millennium Group again . But you obviously wanna help . You dropped that clue on us . Look , Frank , nobody needs to know about this . We 're just three people sittin ' around talking . The Book of Revelation describes the end of the physical world in a battle between heaven and hell , good against evil . The Millennium Group believed that that time was upon us . These four represent a schism in the group . They believe that for the end time to come , man must take an active hand in bringing that about . And to that end they committed suicide ? With the express purpose of being brought back to life . The four horsemen of the Apocalypse . These four men bring with them war , pestilence , famine and death . So that all the dead of the earth will rise . Armageddon . It must begin with the dawn of the Millennium or not at all . That 's what they believe . The man you 're looking for , your necromancer , he exhumed these men in accordance with their wishes . is he a member of the Millennium Group ? No , they sought him out . He believes he 's doing God 's work , but he 's mistaken . Could you tell us a bit more about this man ? He 's a white male , 45 to 50 . He 's a religious man . No police record . No fulfilling relationship . You would pass him without giving him a glance . So this is the one event that will give his life meaning ? Yeah . He needs privacy for this . He 'll live alone . Possibly in the house he grew up in . Most likely , it 's a large , rural property , away from prying eyes . He 'll own a truck or a van . He needs it to transport the bodies . There 'll be high fences . " No Trespassing " signs . It 's a solitary existence . He 's worked around death all his life , in some capacity . A funeral parlor or a cemetery . Death comforts him . He took great care in burying the deputy , in preparing the body , despite the fact that he feared being caught . He stapled the lips , sealed the mouth shut . It was to prevent the man from coming back to life . He believes that , if disturbed , the deputy will rise from the dead . It 's too soon for that . So when he realizes the deputy has been discovered , he 'll feel a need to take action . - He 'll return to the body first chance he gets . - Rice County Morgue . I think you 'll catch him there . These four members of the Millennium Group , the ones that truly liveth , who were dead , these are the ones we have to catch . Mr Black . You 've got a phone call . I think it might be your daughter . Thank you . My daughter . Excuse me . It 's more important to track down four dead bodies than one murderer ? He 's not our murderer . And those four bodies aren 't dead . - And the millennium is 14 hours away . - These people , even when they were alive , mangled biblical prophecy to the extent that it 's unrecognizable . Our year 2000 is just their artificial deadline . And besides , 2001 is actually the start of the new millennium . - Nobody likes a math geek , Scully . - Anyway , I think that Frank 's profile is sound . And I think with it we have the best chance of finding this necromancer , as you call him . - So I am going down to the county morgue . - l absolutely think you should . - And what are you gonna do ? - Follow the profile . The deputy was killed on a road that connects with no major highway . I think our necromancer lives nearby . I 'll do a rundown on all single landowners in the area . See where the bodies are buried , since we ... Scully , would you do me a favor ? Don 't let anyone remove the staples from the deputy 's mouth . Please , just humor me . Thanks . Proceeding with the visual examination of the mouth . Jesus . What appears to be salt is packed into the victim 's mouth . God only knows why . Am removing it . This is Agent Dana Scully with the fbi . Please do not autopsy the murder victim that was brought in earlier . The sheriff 's deputy . If you 've already started , stop now . I 'll be there shortly , and I 'll explain when I arrive . Hello ? Where is she ? Sir ? How you feelin ' ? - All things considered ? - What the hell happened here ? - Who is that man ? - The sheriff 's deputy . The man we found this morning . He was dead . And then , somehow , he wasn 't . He attacked me . - You shot him ? - Three rounds , center of mass into his chest . No effect . There 's a gunshot wound to his head as well . Yeah , this man Mulder calls the necromancer , our suspect , he was here too . He fired that shot with my gun . He saved me. I have no idea why . He got away , but I was in no shape to follow . Look , sir , I can 't even begin to offer an explanation for what happened . But I have to say it is exactly what Mulder feared . Yeah , which is why I would like to talk to him . Why isn 't he answering his phone ? Well , welcome to the boondocks . Open the door ! Open the door ! Open up ! Let me out ! I haven 't heard from him . He didn 't go to the morgue with you ? No , he went looking for our suspect 's home . No one 's been able to contact him since . I 've got task-force agents canvassing the northwestern Maryland area , but it 's a large territory to cover and we 're running out of time . Sir , I 'm just afraid that Mulder may have found what he 's looking for . - l need your help in finding him . - You respected my reasons in the past . - Please respect ' em now . - l 'm not sure I understand your reasons , sir . And I 'm starting to wonder what this is all about and how much you know about it . Mulder mentioned the four Millennium members " who liveth " and were dead . Now , this morning , I saw what he was talking about . You did ? - One of them attacked me . - l 'm sorry . Now , as crazy as this sounds , I have to ask . Do you believe that the Millennium Group is capable of bringing about the end time ? Armageddon ? I understand their beliefs . I 've spent years trying to unravel them . Make sense of them . Doesn 't mean I believe them myself . But what if it were true ? Good and evil , which would prevail ? I 'm sorry . Octavia. I 'm gonna check myself out . - You 'd like a day pass ? - l won 't be coming back . Who 's there ? - lt 's me . - You came . I almost didn 't . We 'd given up on ya . Thank God . Thank God . There 's someone in the basement . Policeman . He killed one of the members . He shot him in the head . But you 're here . Now we 'll have four . I 'm here . I can 't tell you how happy I am . You were meant to be the fourth . I always knew that . - l so hoped you 'd come around . - l didn 't want to . The man in the basement - l told him how to find this place . You ... Why ? I was trying to walk the straight and narrow . Leave the Millennium Group behind . But I know that I can 't do that anymore . Now that I know you 've succeeded . - You didn 't believe the dead would arise . - No . You see what the future holds , Frank . - You know you can 't run from it . - No , I can 't run . You 've paid so dearly . They 've taken your daughter from you . Murdered your wife . There is no justice in this world . But there will be in the next . The hour is near . Are you ready , Frank ? I 'm ready . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in Me , - though he were dead ... - Yet shall he live . Whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die . - Scully . - This is Skinner . We back-checked Frank Black , as you asked . - And ? - He took no calls , except from his daughter . But the staff took messages from a Rice County number . That 's where l am . We ran phone records for the desecration victims . All four received calls from this number before their deaths . I 'm gonna need an address . I 'm begging you , please . You know what the world is . Evil goes unpunished . The good suffer . There 's no future here but uncertainty and pain . Let the judgment come . You 're damning yourself , Frank ! Agent Mulder ? Can you hear me ? - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah. I 'm down here . They 're all around . - You armed ? - Oh , yeah . Shoot for the head . That seems to stop ' em . - There 's three of ' em . - Where ? I don 't know . They 're hiding . - Mulder , can you get up ? - l think so . Look out ! There 's another shot of that millennium crystal ball , all lit up , and they 're gettin ' ready to bring in the new year . Boy are they packed in tonight . Body heat alone is keeping ' em warm . And look at it - all the way up past 52nd Street . That is that X-shaped thing I was talkin ' about before . This is Times Square . - Mr Black . - Hi . Mark Johnson 's been taken for a psychiatric evaluation . He 'll be put under suicide watch , just as you asked . - Good . - And , um ... - What ? - There 's someone here to see you . - Hi , Daddy ! - Hiya , little one . - Well. I missed you , sweetheart . - l missed you too , Daddy . Let 's get outta here . Frank , good luck with everything . Agent Mulder , Agent Scully . I guess this is it . You 're not gonna stay and watch ? We just wanna go home . Take care of yourselves . Hug your friends and loved ones tight , what the heck , whoever that person is next to you . No time like the present . Here we go . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two ... Happy new year 2000 . - The world didn 't end . - No , it didn 't . - Happy new year , Scully . - Happy new year , Mulder . Visiontext Subtitles : Marisa Castle de Joncaire US english
