 We don 't have to be out here . It 's not like you 're still in high school . We can go to the motel . Uh-uh . I wouldn 't want anyone to see us . No one would see us . It 's a small town . George ! Come on , George . What made you change your mind ? I don 't know . You 're persistent . - The squeaky wheel gets the oil , right ? - I guess . What 's wrong with here ? I can set the blanket down ... - Not yet . - Why not ? Because , you have to catch me first . Aw , come on , now ! You don 't want me to chase after you , do you ? Paula ! Paula ? Paula ? Where are you ? Son of a bitch ! I don 't know , Scully . The man 's vanished . He hasn 't been seen or heard from in ten weeks . Don 't you see what they 're doing here ? They 're wasting our time . They 're sending us on a wild-goose chase . - Chicken chase . - What ? George Kearns was a Federal Poultry Inspector ... assigned to Dudley , Arkansas , home of Chaco Chicken . I 'm not questioning the legitimacy of the case , just their motives in assigning it to us . Doesn 't it bother you that they 're trying to undermine your work ? They may think they are , but on the night George Kearns disappeared , a woman on the l-10 saw a strange fire in an adjacent field . Yes , I read that report . She claims she saw some kind of fox fire spirit . I 'm surprised she didn 't call Oprah as soon as she got off the phone with the police . Folk tales dating back to the 19th century from the Ozarks ... describe people being taken away by fireballs . - It 's supposed to be the spirits of massacred Indians . - Those are only legends . Most legends don 't leave behind 12 foot burn marks . That photo was taken by police where the woman claims to have seen fox fire . This could 've been made by anything . A bonfire . I thought so too , until I remembered this . A documentary I saw in college about an insane asylum . - It gave me nightmares . - I didn 't think anything gave you nightmares . I was young . They , uh , they took ... They , uh , took me away . Th-They took me away . The fire demons . The fire demons wanted their pound of flesh . But , uh , I 'm too fast for ' em . You can 't let ' em kill you . You can 't let ' em kill you . Oh , no . Don 't let them kill you . That 's no way to get to heaven . No , sir . - No , sir , that is ... That is no way to get to heaven . - His name was Crayton Jones . He pulled off the road on May 17 , 1961 to take a nap . They found him three days later so deranged by what he 'd encountered ... that he had to be committed . The police found his car on the l-10 , in the middle of Dudley , Arkansas , home of Chaco Chicken . What 's this , Mulder ? That 's a witch 's peg . Staking it into the ground is supposed to ward off evil spirits . Can I help you folks ? - I 'm Sheriff Arens . I saw you back at the turnoff . - We 're with the F.B.I. I 'm Special Agent Mulder , this is Agent Scully . We 're investigating the disappearance of George Kearns . I 'm happy to help you , but I 'm not sure how much there is to investigate . A man is missing . We didn 't find evidence of criminal activity . Since no body turned up , we went ahead and filed a Missing Persons ' Report . Why didn 't you mention this witch 's peg in your report ? Because these hills are filled with witch 's pegs . The old hill people cling tight to their superstitions . - What about this scorched area ? - Illegal trash burn . I keep handing out the citations , they keep doing it anyway . It 's cheaper to pay the fine than haul it to the dump . So you don 't believe it 's fox fire ? Fox fire 's nothing more than a ghost story about swamp gas . I don 't know what y 'all thinking , but George Kearns was passing through town ever since he got here six months ago . - How do you mean ? - Never did fit in . Not at the plant , not even in his own home . No big secret that Kearns stepped out on his wife every chance he got . Did he have many chances ? Let 's just say George is the type of man you 'd expect ... to go chasing some sweet young thing out of town . - Is that what his wife thinks ? - Push comes to shove , I 'm sure she does . But you 're welcome to ask her yourself . My husband had a character that leaves something out . I always knew that about him , but I didn 't have the sense to do anything about it . I guess he saved me the trouble . You 're fairly certain that he left you for somebody else ? George left me a long time ago . Right around the time I turned 40 . Leaving town was just a formality . - Do you have any idea who he might be with now ? - No . And I don 't want to know , either . This inspection report . Your husband was about to file it ... with the Department of Agriculture the day before he disappeared . - I don 't know about that . - He never discussed his work with you ? He never told me , and I never asked . He cited several major health violations . He was going to recommend that the plant be shut down . I told you , I don 't know a thing about what went on in the plant . Did your husband receive any threatening phone calls or anything unusual in the mail ? Sure , there were hang-ups . But I always thought it was one of his girlfriends . I 'm gonna give you my phone number . If your husband tries to contact you , get in touch with me . Or if you can think of anything else . Come on , Paula , let 's go . This is Jess Howe . He 's the floor manager here . - These people are with the F.B.I. - You 're here about George Kearns , right ? There 's a possibility that his disappearance may have something to do with a report ... he was about to file with the Department of Agriculture . Ever since he got here , George has been trying to shut us down . He cited multiple violations . I know he did , believe me . I had to answer to every one of them . Was there any merit to his claims ? Let me show you something . Paula , you okay ? This is where George worked . Not a chicken leaves this plant without first passing through the Inspector 's Station . We 've been operating here 50 years without any trouble until George came along . - He really did threaten to shut the plant down . - He tried . But three other inspectors consistently give us top marks . Here . See for yourself . The only problem this plant ever had was George . Problem enough to do something about ? If you 're suggesting any kind of unsavoriness , anything 's possible , but you 've got to understand about George . He had a bone to pick with everyone , even the Federal Government . - What are you talking about ? - He filed a big Worker 's Compensation suit . Claimed he was getting terrible headaches from his job . Line hypnosis , his lawyers called it . I read about that . It 's caused by high-speed , repetitive activity . I will not deny that a lot of chickens go through here every day , but we 've always operated within federal guidelines . - What happened to his lawsuit ? - It was dismissed just a few weeks before he disappeared . What 's that ? Oh , that ! Feed grinder . Chops up bone and tissue . Any part of the bird we can 't package , we process , use as feed . - Chickens feed on chickens ? - I know it doesn 't sound too appetizing . But it is nutritious , and it cuts down on costs . The meat is cooked , mixed with grain . No reason to let all that protein go to waste . - Excuse me . I 've got a shift change . - Hi , Sheriff ! Logan . You ready to admit they 've sent us on a fool 's errand ? The fool that persists in his folly will become wise . Whether Kearns skipped town or somebody killed him , this case could 've been handled by any agent out of the Kansas City office . - I 'm not so sure about that . Let him go . We 're Federal agents . Everyone stay calm . Don 't hurt him . Just tell us what you want . Don 't get excited . Calm down . Stay calm . We don 't want anyone to get hurt . We can talk this thing out . Why don 't you give me the knife ? You okay ? - Do you have any idea what might have prompted her attack ? - None at all . No recent complaints or strange behavior ? Paula has always been one of our best employees . Stable , well-liked . I can 't imagine what brought this on . How about you , Dr. Randolph ? Do you have any ideas ? If you 're done with me , I 've got work to do . Come by tomorrow , let me take a look , make sure it 's not infected . Sure . Uh , Paula came by last week complaining of persistent headaches . She had suddenly started getting irritable , unable to sleep . Were you able to determine the cause ? I 'm just a staff physician here . I don 't treat anything more difficult than a hand injury , so I 'm out of my depth when it comes to psychiatric matters . You didn 't find anything physically wrong with her ? I sent her to County for a brain scan and then an E.E.G. Both came back normal , so I assumed that her condition was stress related . - Could it be line hypnosis ? - I 'm not qualified to make that diagnosis . But you can tell us whether George Kearns came to you with any similar complaints . They presented similar symptoms , yes . - How did you treat them ? - I treated them both with pain medication . Codeine . I think an autopsy on Paula Gray would clarify things . I 'm afraid I can 't authorize that . You 'd have to speak with Mr. Chaco . - Why ? You 're a physician . - Yeah . But Mr. Chaco was Paula Gray 's grandfather and her legal guardian . Mr. Chaco ? Feeding these chickens ... helps me clear my mind . They 're perfect creatures , you know . We eat their meat , their eggs , sleep on pillows stuffed with their feathers . Not many people I know are as useful as these chickens . We 're sorry to disturb you . We realize this is a difficult time for you . You want to conduct an autopsy on my granddaughter . Why ? You think Paula had some kind of disease that made her act that way ? That 's what we 're hoping a postmortem will determine . Thought your business here was George Kearns 's disappearance . It is , but we suspect that might have something to do with what happened to your granddaughter . - How ? - We 're not sure yet . It 's possible they may have both suffered from the same neurological disorder . When I came here after the war , Dudley was just a patch of dirt . I built that plant , and put my whole family to work there . We made this town one of the biggest chicken processors in the nation . We couldn 't have done that with troublemakers and lay abouts . I assume you 're talking about George Kearns . Men like George Kearns don 't build things . They tend to tear ' em down . Then you 're aware of his recommendation to close down your plant . You know , Living a long life is a mixed blessing ' . You spend your youth trying to build something for yourself , and your family , and your community , only to watch it all taken away from you at your old age . Still , I 'm not ready to die just yet . You go do your autopsy on Paula . I want to know what happened to my granddaughter . I think we 've got something here , Mulder . - Take a look at this . - What am I looking at ? It 's a specimen from Paula Gray 's brain . She suffered from a rare degenerative disorder called Croitsfelt Yakob disease . It 's characterized by sponge-like holes in the brain tissue . Why didn 't they show up on any of her charts ? Short of an autopsy , it 's a very difficult disease to diagnose . Outside of a textbook , I 've only seen infected tissue once . Back in medical school . - Could this be the reason she attacked Jess Howe ? - Absolutely . Victims of Croitsfelt Yakob suffer from ... - progressive dementia , severe seizures . - Is it fatal ? This girl would 've been dead in a matter of months . Except that Paula Gray was no girl . This is her personnel file . Check it out . It says here Paula Gray was born in 1948 . Which means that this woman , Chaco 's granddaughter , was 47 years old . There 's gotta be some kind of mistake . Let 's find out . Her birth certificate should be on file at the Seth County Courthouse . Who knows ? This could turn out to be even more interesting than fox fire . The odds that Paula Gray and George Kearns ... had the same disease are practically nonexistent . Croitsfelt Yakob can be hereditary , but it 's not communicable . That two unrelated people in the same small town would contract the same rare disease ... A lot more likely than Paula Gray being three years shy of her 50th birthday . Look out ! Call an ambulance ! I 'll try to get the driver out . This is Federal Agent Scully . I 'd like to report an accident on County ... I just got off the phone with Dr. Randolph . He said this driver had the same symptoms as Paula Gray and George Kearns . You 're saying this is a third victim of Croitsfelt Yakob ? You just got through telling me that two cases would be statistically impossible . They would be . I just came up with a sick theory , Mulder . - Ooh , I 'm listening . - You saw the feed grinders at the plant . What if somebody put George Kearns 's body in there ? Croitsfelt Yakob is a proem disease , which means it could 've been passed on to the chickens , and anyone who consumed them . - So anyone eating chickens out of Dudley would be at risk ? - It 's possible . Sometimes in England they 'll incinerate cattle ... to keep them from passing mad cow disease onto people . But chickens from Dudley are shipped all over the country . If what you 're saying were true , we 'd be seeing an epidemic , not just a few local cases . Sheriff ? What 's wrong with this water ? Run off from the plant . Chicken litter , mostly . Some blood and parts from the birds . Was this river searched after George Kearns disappeared ? Are you kidding ? Talk about a needle in a haystack ! I 'd like it dragged as soon as possible . Why would you want to do that ? See what 's in there . That 's a filthy job , and I don 't want to do it unless I know what you 're looking for . Hopefully nothing . If you don 't want to do it , I can get my men down here to do it . I 'll do it . Mulder ... It 's just a hunch . If George Kearns didn 't just run off , if he was murdered for that inspection report , then his body 's got to be somewhere . We closed the spillway , and the water level dropped . - They came up with it almost immediately . - Did you find Kearns ? Maybe you better see for yourself . Sheriff Arens is outside . They 're still pulling bones from the river . So far I 've been able to isolate nine distinct skeletons . This one belonged to the late George Kearns . - How do you know ? - The pin in his femur . According to his medical file , Kearns broke his right leg four years ago . What about the others ? I 'll need more sophisticated equipment to be certain , but I estimate some of these bones are as much as 20 or 30 years old . All of them share one strange detail . - They seem to have lost their heads . - Well , besides that . The older bones show signs of decay and surface abrasion like you 'd expect . But for some reason , all of them , even Kearns 's , are smooth and buffed at the ends . It 's almost like they 've been polished . It could be from the erosion from the water , but ... That water had hardly any current . This level of erosion wouldn 't be confined to just the ends of the bones . - Any theories ? - Maybe . Sheriff ? - Doris . - Is it true ? Just tell me . - I want you to listen to me . - They found him , didn 't they ? We brought up quite a few remains at the river , and George 's were among them . I 'm really sorry . It 's gonna be all right . Don 't worry . We 'll take care of you . - Doris ? - Dee , is that the new schedule ? - Yep . All right . Why do I get the feeling you 're not here to check up on my neck ? - They found bones in the river . - I know , I heard . Did you also hear that Clayton Walsh came down with the symptoms ? That 's four . It 's getting worse with every day that goes by . Someone has to tell Mr. Chaco . He knows what 's happening . He 's just not doing anything about it . - Maybe I should talk to him . - You can try . I will talk to him . He 'll listen to me . And if he doesn 't ? I had Danny run a check on all missing persons ... Last seen withing a 200 mile radius of Dudley . In the last 50 years , 87 people have disappeared near here . Judging from forensic evidence , I 'd say the same person or persons was responsible . It may have been the work of some kind of cult . I think the good people of Dudley have been eating more than just chicken . You think these people were eaten ? Look at these bones . They 've been polished at both ends , suggesting they were boiled in a pot . Anthropologists used similar evidence to prove cannibalism among the Anasazi of New Mexico . Then Paula Gray may have contracted Croitsfelt Yakob by eating George Kearns . That could begin to explain her youthful appearance . What are you talking about ? Some cannibalistic rituals are enacted with the belief that they can prolong life . Cannibalism is one thing , but increasing longevity by eating human flesh ... Think about it . From vampirism to Catholicism , whether literally or symbolically , the reward for eating flesh is eternal life . I don 't know how it works , but we both saw Paula Gray . We never confirmed the date of birth . The records at the courthouse will tell us how old she really is , and if anybody else in Dudley is lying about their age . You coming ? You gotta do something about what 's happening , Mr. Chaco . People are getting scared , don 't know what to make of things . They 're losing their faith , is what it sounds like . It 's gettin ' hard to hold on to , the way things are going . Three more have gotten sick . I lost my granddaughter in this , Jess , so don 't tell me what we 're up against ! I said I 'll handle it . - I know you ... - Yes ? - I need to see Mr. Chaco . Hello , Doris . I can 't do this anymore , Mr. Chaco . - I can 't keep lying . - It 's all right . Jess told me what happened . - You have nothing to worry about . - They 're gonna think I did it . No , they won 't think any such thing . - But I did . - No . - I helped . - He was no good , Doris . - He had no values . He didn 't fit in here . - But he was my husband . That was a price you had to pay . You knew that from the beginning . - What if those F.B.I. agents ... - Ah-ah . This town wasn 't built in a day . It 's not about to fall apart in a day . You 're a part of us now . And we 're gonna take good care of you . I want you to go home , get some rest . You 've got a funeral to go to . This whole thing will blow over soon enough , and you 'll wonder what all the fuss is about . I 'm sorry . That 's all right . We all understand , Doris . Good night . Yeah , she 'll be fine . - She 's not stable . - She 's one of us now , part of our town . Unless we do something about it , there won 't be any town left to speak of . No ! Once we start turning on ourselves , we 're no better than the animals . It 's the F.B.I. we should be worrying about . They 're the real problem . Someone 's been playing with matches . It smells like a recent fire . I bet it 's no coincidence it only hit the birth records . You think someone was expecting us ? Mulder . It 's Doris Kearns . I 'm in my house . I need to speak with you right away . - Are you all right ? - I 'm afraid for my life . - I 'm afraid he 'll kill me . - Who ? - Mr. Chaco . - All right , Mrs. Kearns . Stay in the house and lock the door , and don 't answer until Agent Scully gets there . - Where are you going ? - To take Chaco into custody . No . Mrs. Kearns ? Mrs. Kearns ? Mrs. Kearns ! - Is Mr. Chaco in ? - I 'll see if he 's still awake . I 'm sorry . - But Mr. Chaco is unable to see you now . - Do you know what 's in here ? - I wouldn 't know . - Can you open it ? I don 't have the key . What do you think you 're doing ? Scully . - Scully , Chaco 's not here . - Yeah . Mrs. Kearns is missing too . Someone 's been here . The power 's been cut , and the back door was open . But her car is still out back . Chaco must 've taken her . Scully ? Scully ! Scully ! What happened ? Scully , you there ? You all right ? Scully ! Answer me ! Scully ! What have you done here ? I warned ya ! I said not to touch her . Doris Kearns was one of us ! Who 's behind this ? Why didn 't you listen to me ? It 's the outsiders we have to deal with . - Not one of our own ! - We 'll deal with them all . Look at yourselves ! Look at what you 've become ! This isn 't faith anymore , it 's just fear . You 've turned us into an abomination ! You brought in the outsider who made us all sick . Once you turn on yourselves , it 's over ! How long before it 's any one of us ? Any one of you ? That 's not your problem anymore , Mr. Chaco . No ! No ! Kill me ... and you kill us all . - Latch it . - Got it . Bring her over . Get down ! Are you hurt ? You all right ? People , stand away from your workstations ! Pending further review , the Chaco Processing Plant has been closed by the U.S.D.A. So far , no evidence of contaminated chicken has been discovered . Though it remains unknown how many citizens participated in the ritual activity , 27 have become fatally ill with Croitsfelt Yakob disease . What is known is that a transport plane carrying Walter Chaco ... was shot down in 1944 over New Guinea . Chaco was the only survivor of that crash . According to naval records , he spent six months with the Jale , a tribe whose cannibalistic practices have long been suspected , but never proven . Naval records also show that Walter Chaco was born in 1902 , making him 93 years old at the time of his death . supplied by CoBeR coberus @ go2.pl
