 - This is mutiny ! - No , sir , it 's survival . They 'll come for us . They 're sendin ' help . When they get here , it 'll be too late . It may already be too late . Don 't do this . That 's an order ! Lieutenant Harper ! Shoot me if you want , Captain Barclay , but I 'm not winding up like the others . Cast off ! Hit me . - It looks like she 's just drifting ' out there . - Mm . We 're heading straight for her . This is the Lisette . Canadian fishing vessel CV 233 . Please identify . This is the Lisette . Come in , please . Cut the engines and meet me up on deck . Hello out there ! Hey ! We 're throwin ' you a line ! Grab it-we 'll pull you in . Is everybody all right ? Are there any injured ... X-Files Season 2 Episode 19 - Dod Kalm Thanks for comin ' . - What 's so urgent ? - I didn 't wanna waste any time . A navy destroyer escort , the USS Ardent , has been missing in the Atlantic for 42 hours . - Missing ? - No radio contact , no distress signals . Search planes haven 't picked up anything . - You 're saying a ship and its crew vanished ? - That 's what it looked like ... until last night . - A trawler picked up 18 survivors . - They must have reported what happened . Only one survivor is still alive . He 's in the ICU under heavy security . - What is wrong with him ? - That 's what I was hoping you 'd tell me . They won 't let me in , but your medical background gets you a clearance code . I want your opinion . His name is Lieutenant Richard Harper . - But , Mulder ... - Meet me at my office when you 're finished . Thank you . Excuse me . Is this Lieutenant Richard Harper ? That 's what his wristband says . - He 's been identified ? - All military personnel are fingerprinted . - Those records were crosschecked . - Then I think there 's been a mistake here . According to this report , Lieutenant Harper is 28 . Why hasn 't a systemic workup been run ? I wasn 't aware that my decisions required your approval . I 'm in charge of this patient . Let me see your clearance . What 's going on here ? How can you explain what happened to this man ? This clearance code is invalid . Where 'd you get this ? Who are you ? I am a medical doctor . I 'd like to see the autopsy reports on the victims . I haven 't time for this . Give me my patient 's chart and leave , before I have you removed . - Something strange is going on . - Did they let you see Lieutenant Harper ? I saw somebody , but whether it was the lieutenant ... - What do you mean ? - He looked about 90 . Off by half a century . - You don 't seem surprised . - I wanna show you something . This was the Ardent 's course when she disappeared . I 've tracked points of departure and destination for each X-File . On December 121949 a Royal Navy battleship disappeared between Leeds and Cape Perry . The sea was calm , the weather sunny . In 1963 , at the height of the Cuban Missile Crisis a Soviet fleet left from here for Havana . All six vessels vanished without a trace . I counted nine unexplained disappearances . Each passed through here : the 65th parallel . - Another Bermuda Triangle ? - More like a wrinkle in time if Lieutenant Harper is any indication . - Wrinkle in time ? Wh ... - Heard about the Philadelphia Experiment ? It was a programme during World War Two to render battleships invisible to radar . But it was discontinued and most of the scientists were relocated to Los Alamos . Except none of them ever made it to Los Alamos . - Where were they sent ? - Roswell , New Mexico . Are you suggesting that the experiment used alien technology ? Nine months after the alleged crash of a UFO in Roswell the USS Eldridge disappeared altogether from the Philadelphia navy yard to reappear minutes later miles away in Norfolk , Virginia . That 's not possible , not without defying laws of time and space . Those physicists may have been trying to manipulate wormholes on Earth . - Wormholes ? - Portals where matter interfaces with time at a decelerated or accelerated rate . I bet the military never stopped the work it began 50 years ago . - That 's what you think happened to Harper ? - I 'll know soon enough . - I 'm booked on an 8.30 flight to Norway . - Have you let Skinner in on this ? I 've given myself a 24-hour head start before I give him my report . I want this one myself . I 'm going with you . If that really was Lieutenant Harper , I wanna know what happened to him . Nei , nei , det er altfor farlig . 0 for 5 . What is it , Mulder ? Why are they so afraid ? My father spent the better part of his life at sea . He had a healthy respect for the ocean , but he never feared it . I see fear in these men 's eyes . Brundtland couldn 't have taken you up there anyway . A ship has to be classified ice class before it can even go past the Lofoten Basin . My name is Trondheim . Henry Trondheim . The ship you want is the Zeal . It 's a 50-ton trawler with a double hull . It 's my ship . - You 're American . - I was born and raised in Pensacola . I ran a charter business there . I got fed up with tourists . How do you feel about the sea north of Beerenberg ? This time of year , it 'd be ten hours each way . - So you 've been there ? - A few times . Got some of my best hauls out of there . - Why is everyone else so afraid to go there ? - Well , legends . They grew up on stories . What stories ? A huge stone came out of the sky , crashed into the pack ice . - A meteorite ? - An evil god . They worship it by ... stayin ' away . So ... exactly what is it that you 're lookin ' for up there ? A number of things . How good are you ? About as good as you 're going to get , considering no one else will take you there . - When can we leave ? - As soon as we shake on a price . - Feeling any better ? - Oh ... Lucky you inherited your father 's legs . - What ? - His sea legs . It 's been 12 hours . You said it 'd take ten . What 's goin ' on ? I told you before . The visibility is lousy . I 've never seen it this thick . - How much longer till we get there ? - Well , we 're right where you wanna be . I even think we 've got what you 're looking for . Except one minute it 's in front of us , and the next it 's not . Like something 's messing with my radar . And my navigation system . - I can 't explain it . - Kaptein ! Pass på ! We 're gonna hit ! Halvorsen , check the hull for damage . I don 't get it . This is what you 're lookin ' for ? It 's the USS Ardent . It 's a destroyer escort . All right . What do you want with it , anyway ? It 's a ghost ship . I mean , look at all this corrosion . No one 's been aboard this vessel in 20 , 30 years . Scully . Let 's check the crew quarters first . Mulder . They almost look mummified . Hm . Like they 've been dead a very long time . Except for this strange residue . - What was that ? - An engine . It 's ... my ship ! - No ! That 's my ship ! - Hey ! - Somebody 's taken my ship ! - Hey ! Hey ! - That 's my ship ! - Trondheim ! No . All right . Try it again . No . What is it ? It 's caked with the same residue that 's covering everything . So we can 't even send a distress signal . The engine 's so corroded you can 't even tell what it is . I 've never seen anything like it . Halvorsen 's trying to salvage some parts , but basically we are dead in the water . The radio 's dead , too . Somebody 's not tellin ' me what 's goin ' on here . Now , look , that ship was not just my livelihood , that was my life ! I have a right to some straight answers ! What we 're seeing here may be the result of a military experiment . Military experiment ? A time bend , where matter moves through time at an accelerated rate . - Tell me in English . - Time may be speeding up . Right . That 's almost as crazy as Halvorsen 's " There 's a rock that comes from the sky ... " This ship was launched in 1991 . I don 't know how else to explain the extent of the corrosion or the decay of the bodies . You 're not buyin ' any of this , are ya ? Agh ! Oh , God . - What happened ? - His skull 's been fractured . Who 's that ? Halvorsen ! Who are you ? Captain Barclay ... There you go . Captain Barclay ... according to your log , after the navigation system failed several of your crew members saw something in the sea . A growing light . It-it came up through the fog in the middle of the night . Like it was on fire . - Any idea what it might have been ? - Power loss . Everythin ' stopped . Everythin ' . Even the sea . Even the wind . Then the ship , my ship , she began to bleed . From the hull , through the rivet seams . He 's a drunkard . He 's a drunkard ! And he killed Halvorsen . To hell with him ! I don 't have to listen to his lies . I 'm no liar . It happened . First to some of my men , then to all of ' em . What happened ? Time got lost . It 's OK , Captain . You can take it easy . We 're gonna do whatever we can to help you out . What can you do ? You can 't do anythin ' . I 'm 35 years old . - There 's no way he killed Halvorsen . - I agree . The blow was delivered with considerable strength and he can 't even hold a glass with two hands . That means there 's somebody else on board . You were a good first mate . You left me alone and you did your job . It 's a shame this had to happen to you so young . Gud være med deg . Put it down ! Put down the pipe ! Put it down ! - I could kill you ... - Back off ! - He killed Halvorsen ! - He may help us figure out what happened . Look at him ! He hasn 't aged . Back off ! His name 's Olafsson . - You know him ? - Everybody in Tildeskan knows him . He 's a pirate whaler . He 's a wanted criminal . He supplies whales to the Japanese black market . Blues , belugas , sperm . Ask him how he got here . Hvordan kom du hit ? Gå til helvete . I don 't need a translator for that . We 'll question him later . I don 't wanna leave Scully alone . - Get in the hull ! - I think we found who killed Halvorsen . He 'd have killed me too if it wasn 't for Mulder . The log says four Norwegians were picked up when their vessel sank . I guarantee Olafsson 's men took my boat and left him stranded . It 's just like them to slit each other 's throats . We should ask the captain some more questions . Captain Barclay 's dead . I don 't know how it happened . It was just in the last 15 minutes . It 's just like those men below . It 's more than rapid ageing , Mulder . It 's as if he 's turning into a pillar of salt . - Is that what the substance is ? - It seems to be crystalline , but beyond that ... We 're all tired . Let 's stow the captain 's body . Tie up Olafsson so we can all get some rest . I 'll take first watch , in case he 's not alone . - Scully ? - Hm ? I just fell asleep . - You want a few more minutes ? - No , I 'm up . Scully ! Mulder , what happened to you ? Time acceleration is an equation , Mulder . A theory . Then theoretically it 's possible . What else could it be ? Whatever it is , it isn 't a time warp . None of us has observed the phenomena recorded in the ship 's log . - No evidence indicates this is a time warp . - We 're evidence ! We 're ageing by the minute ! If this is rapid-ageing phenomena , why hasn 't our hair greyed ? Then what about him ? Huh ? What about him ? Why isn 't he getting old ? Hvorfor blir du ikke gammel ? - Relax , Trondheim . Save your energy ... - I don 't have to listen to you ! - It 's because of you that we got into this . - Nobody twisted your arm . I signed on to bring you here . Not to die . - What do you know about free radicals ? - Is this a quiz ? They 're highly reactive chemicals containing extra electrons . They can attack DNA . They can cause our body tissue and cell membranes to oxidise . - Grow old , you mean . - It 's the prevailing theory on how we age . - Something is triggering that reaction in us ? - This is just a theory but what if this ship is drifting towards another metallic source , like a meteor ? Maybe it 's deep in the ocean or embedded into an iceberg . But the two could be acting as positive and negative terminals with the ocean itself being a kind of giant battery . That electromagnetic energy could be exciting the free radicals and effectively oxidising every piece of matter in its field . Makes sense , Scully . The organic equivalent to rust would be rapid premature senescence . What the hell ... ? Captain Barclay said the ship was bleeding . It 's not blood , Scully . It 's rust . Trondheim , you keep an eye on Olafsson . - Where are you going ? - Mulder ... where are we going ? I 'm not sure yet , but we don 't have much time to get there . D 'you see this yellow pipe ? It 's the only one that hasn 't corroded through . Olafsson and his men . Why would they hole up here ? This is the only drinkable water on the ship . We were both wrong , Scully . It 's the water . - All the other water 's been contaminated . - How ? Something must have got into the desalination tanks , where the water is stored . But the water in the sewage system is recycled . It doesn 't come from the sea . If you 're right , then Captain Barclay 's drinking binge is what kept him alive . And the water from this tank will do the same for us . But it doesn 't sound like there 's very much left . You were supposed to watch him . I feel pretty bad about it . I shouldn 't have dozed off . What do you want me to say ? He 's gone . - I wanna know what happened ! - I can ask the same of you . You tied him up . There 's nothing wrong with my knot ! This was severed . I don 't like being interrogated . I don 't owe you any explanations . - Trondheim ! - Let go of me . Look , we have a lot of work to do here . I 'll need blood and urine samples from both of you . - What for ? - We found out what caused the ageing . What is it now ? The two of you are full of theories . First it 's one thing , then another . By the time you figure it out , we 'll be dead . Something got into the desal tanks , but the water in the sewage system is untainted . It kept Olafsson alive this long . Maybe it 'll slow the process in us . This is good news , isn 't it ? So what happens now ? It has been 18 hours , 45 minutes since the onset of symptoms . Rudimentary blood tests revealed impossibly high concentrations of sodium chloride : salt . Though the contaminated water itself is not saline it appears to catalyse existing body fluids , causing massive and rapid cellular damage . The untainted water slowed the degenerative progression in Trondheim and me . But Mulder has fared less well . Perhaps because of the dehydration he suffered on the way here . I think I just lapped George Burns . I 'll be right back . If you 've got something to say , say it , but don 't hover behind me like that . - The water isn 't helping him . - Then maybe we should double his ration . - What for ? A lake of water won 't help him . - We don 't know that for sure . - Not yet . - Look at him ! - We 've wasted too much water on him . - Who are you to decide ? You don 't have to be a doctor to see that ... he isn 't gonna make it . But you and me , Scully you and me , we 'd better start lookin ' out for ourselves . Mulder 's urinalysis continues to indicate his kidneys 'failure to excrete the substance I 'm calling " heavy salt " . Whether the untainted water from the sewage system is even helping him at all is unclear . What does remain clear to me ... is that I can 't give up trying . Trondheim ! - What are you doing ? - Listen to this . You know what that is ? It 's a funeral bell . There 's only a few gallons left . Maybe less . There 's enough to keep us all alive for a few more days . Or one of us alive long enough to be rescued . Don 't come any closer . What are you gonna do ? Shoot me ? Trondheim ... listen to me . The navy knows where we are . They know these coordinates and they 'll be here soon . - So why don 't we go back to the mess hall ... - Why don 't you just shoot me ? If you think that I 'm gonna let Mulder have another drop ! Trondheim ! Trondheim ! You 're almost out of pages . It 's good you kept a record . Trondheim 's locked himself in the sewage hold . He 's back-flushed all the water and he 's keeping it for himself . I looked everywhere and this is all I could find . It 's sardine juice , half a dozen lemons and , uh ... the water from a snow globe . - It 's not Evian , but ... - You go ahead and drink it . - No , Mulder . - It 's the only logical choice . You 're a woman . Your life expectancy is greater and your body retains more water and fatty tissues . More reason for you to drink it . You 'll have a much greater chance of surviving until help comes . - Don 't do this , Mulder . - Don 't ... don 't be so stubborn , Scully . You know I 'm right . Well , there isn 't much liquid to make a difference anyway . There might be . No . What was that ? The outer hull must have finally corroded through , which means we 're taking on water . Mulder the water . I can 't open the door ! Help ! Help me ! Help me ! Help ! Help ! Help me ! Help me ! Oh ... Oh ... I always thought when I got older I 'd maybe take a cruise somewhere . But this isn 't exactly what I had in mind . The service on this ship is terrible , Scully . It 's not fair . It 's not our time . We still have work to do . Mulder when they found me after the doctors and even my family had given up I experienced something I never told you about . Even now it 's hard to find the words . But there 's one thing I 'm certain of . As certain as I am of this life . We have nothing to fear when it 's over . I 'm so tired . You should sleep . Agent Fox Mulder lost consciousness at approximately 4.30 this morning , 12 March . There is nothing more I can do for him . Or for myself . Supplies are exhausted . No food or liquid consumed for over 24 hours . The outer hull most probably flooded , though for now the inner hull is supporting the ship . Among Halvorsen 's belongings I found a children 's book of Norse legends . From what I can tell , the pictures show the end of the world . Not in a sudden firestorm of damnation , as the Bible teaches us but in a slow-covering blanket of snow . First the moon and the stars will be lost in a dense , white fog . Then the rivers and the lakes and the sea will freeze over . And finally , a wolf named Skoll will open his jaws and eat the sun sending the world into an everlasting night . I think I hear the wolf at the door . Agent Scully ? Agent Scully , can you hear me ? Mm , yeah . It 's been 36 hours since your rescue . I 've got you on dialysis with a high-flux filter . You 're obviously responding well . Your electrolytes are almost back to normal and your fluid status has been corrected . Mulder ? Where is he ? His endocrine system was more compromised than yours . Frankly , we didn 't think that he 'd make it . Until we discovered this . Based on your notes , we 're giving him synthetic hormones , which seem to work . Whatever caused this is still out there . I have to talk to a naval liaison . - We have to salvage the ship ... - Agent Scully , the ship was taking on water . It sank less than an hour after you were rescued . Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru I made this ! ENGLISH SDH
