 - Oh , Daddy . Cut it out ! - I knew it was you , Dad . - Quit picking on your brother . He loves you . - No , I don 't . - I 'm glad you 're back home , Dad . - Not as glad as I am . Did you see a lot of weird stuff this year ? Yep . It was the weirdest show ever . But your mother thinks you 're getting ready for bed . If she finds you guys still in the pool , she 's gonna kill me . So come on ! Quit your whinin ' . Come on , or there 's no bedtime story . Out you go . That 's it . What the hell ... ? X-Files Season 2 Episode 20 - Humbug - What happened ? - Nothing you can ascertain from that photo . He suffered from ichthyosis , a congenital skin disease characterised by the shedding of the epidermis as scales . This shows the entry wound of the undetermined weapon . No other injuries were inflicted . No organs were removed or cannibalised and there 's no signs of sexual molestation . That 's 48 attacks over the last 28 years occurring in every state in the continental US almost the first in Oregon , the last five in Florida . Victims range from all different age groups , races . Both male and female . The mutilations appear so motiveless one would suspect a form of ritual yet they adhere to no known cult . A serial killer would normally escalate the level of violence of his attacks over such an extended period of time . So what do you think , Scully ? What are your initial thoughts ? Imagine going through your whole life looking like this . The Lord is my shepherd ; I shall not want . He maketh me to lie down in green pastures : he leadeth me beside the still waters . He restoreth my soul : he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name 's sake . Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff , they comfort me . Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies : thou anointest my head with oil ; my cup runneth over . Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life : and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever . We are gathered here today to mourn the passing of Jerald Glazebrook beloved husband , father , friend and entertainer . We mourn not only the passing of a man who overcame the obstacles of his earthly incarnation but also the passing of the love that dwelled within his all-too-human heart . We mourn the passing of the admiration and the respect he instilled in all of his professional colleagues . We mourn the passing of the laughter and the enjoyment he brought each audience who saw him . For although Jerry was a world-renowned escape artist there is one strongbox from which none of us can escape . Help me . Put him down over there . Not having known the deceased personally , I 'm in no position to perform a proper eulogy . I 'm sure he was a nice guy , et cetera , et cetera . But as an admirer of his work , I am in a position to perform an impromptu tribute in his honour . Namely , ramming this spike into my chest ! - Don 't you have any respect ? - I think I hit my left ventricle ! Get back , fascists ! Get him outta here ! I can 't wait for the wake . On his VICAP form , Jerald Glazebrook was listed as an " artist " . Jerry was an artist . The best escape artist since Houdini . He should 've been headlining Vegas , but his condition kept him on the sideshow circuit . - I didn 't realise that sideshows still existed . - There are two or three still around . I got the impression that Glazebrook wasn 't the only performer residing here . The town was founded in the ' 20s when some of Barnum Bailey 's troupes came down in the winter off-seasons . This town 's history might help explain our case 's history . A sideshow performer would have toured much of the country . And their isolation from society , caused by their physical deformities could have built up pathological resentment ... Now , now , hold on a second . Now , now , hold on a second . Around here we refer to them as " very special people " . They may be different on the outside , but it 's what 's inside that counts . And on the inside ... they 're as normal as anybody . And on the inside ... they 're as normal as anybody . Until arrest , many serial killers are considered by their friends and family to be quite normal . If you regard them as normal , you must consider the possibility that they are capable of committing these crimes . It 's been my experience that other people have a harder time accepting these people 's deformities than they do themselves . Sheriff , uh ... what is this ? This design here . It 's copyrighted by Hepcat Helm . Is that a local artist ? A bit too local . His workplace is right behind my station house . Do you think that we could meet Hepcat ? # Watch my eyes when you light them up # Listen to me whine like a heart shook up Hepcat . Hepcat ! # I 'm in a frenzy - Who are the rubes ? - These are FBI agents Scully and Mulder . This is Hepcat Helm . He operates a carnival fun house . Oh , man ! How many times have I told you not to call it that ? It 's not some rinky-dink carny ride . People go through it , they don 't have fun . They get the hell scared out of ' em . It 's not a fun house . - It 's a tabernacle of terror . - It 's a fun house . I wanted to ask you about this menu illustration . I recognise most of the historical portraits you 've drawn here , but what 's this here ? It 's the Fiji Mermaid . - Is that what that thing is ? - What 's the Fiji Mermaid ? The Fiji Mermaid . It 's ... it 's the Fiji Mermaid ! It 's a bit of , uh ... humbug Barnum pulled in the last century . Barnum billed it as a real live mermaid but when people went in to see it all they saw was a real dead monkey sewn onto the tail of a fish . - A monkey ? - A mummified monkey . It supposedly looked so bad , he had to exhibit it as a " genuine fake " . But see ? That 's why Barnum was a genius . You never know where the truth ends and the humbug begins . He came right out and said this Fiji Mermaid thing is just a bunch of BS . That just made people wanna go and see it even more . So I mean ... who knows ? Maybe for box-office reasons Barnum hawked it as a hoax , when in reality ... The Fiji Mermaid was a reality . Sheriff , we 're gonna need a place to stay tonight . There are lodgings right across the way , but , uh ... what 's all this about ? These tracks were found at several past crime scenes . They 've defied identification but one expert speculated that they might be simian in nature . You 're not telling me these tracks were made by the Fiji Mermaid ? Do you recall what Barnum said about suckers ? Tell me , have you done much circus work in your life ? And what makes you think I 've ever spectated a circus ? Much less been enslaved by one . Many citizens here were circus hands and I thought ... You thought that because I am a person of short stature that the only career I could procure for myself would be one in the so-called big top . You took one quick look at me and decided that you could deduce my entire life . Never would it have occurred to you that a person of my height could have possibly obtained a degree in hotel management . - I 'm sorry . I meant no offence . - Well , then , why should I take offence ? Just because it 's human nature to make instantaneous judgments of others based solely upon their physical appearances ? I 've done the same thing to you , for example . I 've taken in your all-American features your dour demeanour , your unimaginative necktie design and concluded that you work for the government . An FBI agent . But do you see the tragedy here ? I have mistakenly reduced you to a stereotype , a caricature instead of regarding you as a specific , unique individual . But I am an FBI agent . Register here , please . Tell me , have you done much circus work in your life ? I was on the stage for most of my life . I was a headliner . Did it not bother you to have people staring at you ? Best work I ever had . All I had to do was stand there . Occasionally I 'd say " Ladies and gentlemen , I 'd like you to meet my brother Leonard . " " Excuse him-he 's a little shy . " Big laughs , I tell you . Big laughs . Why did you give it up ? Mr Nutt , the kind-hearted manager here convinced me that to make a living by displaying my deformity lacked dignity . So now I carry other people 's luggage . I believe these are your trailers . If they are not , then I am wrong . Oh . That 's most considerate . Thank you very much . Goodnight . Sleep tight . Don 't let the bedbugs bite . No . No , that 's not what I meant . I didn 't mean to imply we had bedbugs . I meant to say don 't let ... Don 't let the ... The Fiji Mermaids bite . Yes , that 's right . The Fiji Mermaids . That 's right . That 's ... That 's exactly ... Mulder , what is this Fiji Mermaid business ? Every murder inquiry begins with a list of possible suspects . You should try not to be so exclusive , Scully . As long as you try not to let the atmosphere here distort your list all out of proportion . # I 'm in a frenzy # Frenzy # This love gushes from my heart # Like water from a spout # You build a flame from a tiny spark # You can really knock me out - Yeah ! # Ease my mind with your real cool line # Daddy , fill my soul with love divine # When you say you 're mine oh mine # I 'm in a frenzy What the hell ... ? Uh ... ma 'am ? The sheriff , he wants to see you . There 's been another murder . There 's some blood on the window we should send to the lab . - Why run a test on the victim 's blood ? - No , not this window . This window . It seems to be the point of entry and there 's some blood on the outside of the window . Why would there be blood before the attack ? Why didn 't the attacker just come through the open door ? For a person to crawl in and out of these windows they 'd have to be a contortionist . Or just plain crazy . Or both . While they 're performing the autopsy , I wanna go down to the ... How many people do you know that can get out of a straitjacket in under three minutes ? Fortunately , none . We caught your act at the funeral . That was some trick with the railroad spike . Doctor Blockhead does not perform tricks . Doctor Blockhead performs astounding acts of body manipulation and pain endurance . You must be one of those rare individuals whose nerve endings don 't register pain . You just keep tellin ' yourself that . Have you ever performed this ... act on anyone else ? Are you sick ? I tell audiences if they 're stupid enough to try this themselves they 'll end up with a slight lobotomy . I am a professional . Exactly how does one become a professional , Blockhead ? May I ? In my homeland of Yemen I studied with yogis , fakirs and swamis learning the ancient arts of body manipulation . But most men know nothing of these arts . Did you know that through the Chinese practice of Tie Bu Shan you can train your testicles to draw up into your abdomen ? I 'm doing that as we speak . I saw him this morning by the river . He was eating a fish . He knows between-show snacks 'll ruin his appetite . I could be mistaken . Maybe it was another bald , jigsaw-puzzle-tattooed naked guy . Is this ... man also a body manipulator ? No . In the classical sense , the Conundrum 's a geek . - He eats live animals . - He eats anything . Live animals , dead animals , light bulbs , corkscrews , battery cables , cranberries . - Human flesh ? - Only the Conundrum can answer that . But ... he doesn 't answer questions . He merely poses them . When an audience partakes in the Conundrum 's human piranha act they are left to ask themselves ... Why ? But where are my manners ? Thank you . It 's an old sleight of hand my uncle taught me . He was only an amateur magician , but he was better than those two . I 'll go to the lab to test the blood on the window against the blood on Blockhead 's nail . Everybody 's uncle 's an amateur magician . Welcome to my museum . May I put to rest any questions you may have conjured ? I was just reading about the fascinating life of Chang and Eng and , uh ... wondering if their death was just as fascinating . Oh , very much so . On a cold January eve in 1874 Eng awoke to find his brother had passed away during the course of the night . A few hours later , Eng himself departed from this world . Now , these facts themselves may be less than fascinating , but imagine . Imagine being Eng , and lying there knowing that essentially half your body was now dead . That the rest must inevitably follow . And being able to do about it - absolutely nothing . At the autopsy it was officially concluded that Chang died of a cerebral haemorrhage . - What was the official cause of Eng 's death ? - Fright . Do you have any information on blockhead or geek acts ? This is an historical collection on human curiosities . - Blockheads are skilled performers . - Like magicians ? Like sword swallowers who really do swallow swords . And geeks are neither skilled nor curiosities . They 're merely unseemly . - Not even attaining the level of gaffs . - Gaffs ? Observe closely the dissimilarity of the facial features . Conjoined twins are always identical . These gentlemen are phonies . Gaffs . Sort of like the Fiji Mermaid ? You 're investigating the Alligator Man 's murder , yes ? I have something I believe you might find of some interest . What does this have to do with the Glazebrook murders ? I 've recently come into possession of an authentic PT Barnum exhibit . I don 't show this display to all my customers - only those with the intellectual curiosity to appreciate it . Barnum billed it as a great unknown . I must first ask of you two favours . Tell no soul what you witness in here . - And the second favour ? - An additional donation of five dollars . Does Agent Scully know that you 're under her crawlspace ? I was merely repairing the plumbing on this unit . I know what you 're thinking , my friend , but you are grossly mistaken . Not being of so-called average height does not mean I must get my thrills vicariously . Not all women are attracted to overly tall , lanky men such as yourself . You 'd be surprised how many women find my size intriguingly alluring . You 'd be surprised how many men do , too . Ach ! Oh , it 's you . Has Mr Nutt finished with the plumbing ? The blood samples matched but were both O-positive . They went for further analysis . I ran a background check on Doctor Blockhead . His real name is Jeffrey Swaim and he wasn 't born in Yemen . He was born in Milwaukee . He does not hold a doctorate . I ended up running a bit of a background check myself . - On who ? - On an orphan discovered in the wild forests of Albania in 1943 . " Although adept at catching his own food he could not speak , save for a few savage grunts . " " Brought to this country , he was exhibited in a locked cage owing to his feral ferocity where he would terrify onlookers by devouring chunks of raw meat . " " For reasons I could not ascertain , he ran away from the circus and spent a number of years roaming about , taking on a number of nondescriptjobs . " " Eventually he wound up in Gibsonton , where he began a career in law enforcement and has spent the past four terms serving as sheriff . " You 're talking about Sheriff Hamilton ? Before becoming Sheriff Hamilton James Hamilton was Jim-Jim the Dog-Faced Boy . You know , Scully , hypertrichosis does not connote lycanthropy . - What are you implying ? - We 're being discriminatory . Just because a man was once overly hairy why suspect him of aberrant behaviour ? - Like assuming guilt based on skin colour ? - Yeah . May I ask what you 're doing ? We 're exhuming your potato . May I ask why ? It 's been documented that many serial killers possess a fascination with police work some of them even holding positions on their local force . So , surveillance of investigation team members is often utilised as a ... We found out you used to be a dog-faced boy . Boy , look how skinny I was back then . - So , that is you ? - Oh , sure . I spent the first half of my life as Jim-Jim . One day I noticed a bald spot on my head and realised I was losing my hair and my career as well ! Eventually all the hair went - on top of my head anyways . The rest of my body 's still pretty hairy , which is why I never go to the beach . That doesn 't quite explain the potato . I got , uh ... some warts on my hand . That doesn 't quite explain the potato . To get rid of warts , you rub a sliced potato on your hand and bury it under a full moon . The investigation isn 't going too well , is it ? So tell me , Commodore . Why are the weirdos the only ones that pay their rent cheques in advance ? I warn you , you tattooed cretin ! I have a licensed firearm and I am more than eager for an opportunity to use it . I found him . He 's dead . He 's dead . Lanny says all the doors and windows were locked from the inside . Scully , come here . He was like a brother to me . I don 't know if a contortionist could get through that doggy door , but look at this . Lanny ! Lanny ! Take it easy . You 're gonna hurt yourself . - So what ? - So you might hurt me in the process . He gets this way sometimes . I 'll have to toss him in the drunk tank . We 'll take Jeffrey Swaim into custody . Come on , Lanny . Let 's go . You know , Mulder , for a while I was beginning to suspect this case involved something a bit more ... Freakish ? You shouldn 't complain about banality when your main suspect is the Human Blockhead . It 's open ! Mr Swaim ? Federal agents . We 're here to ... It 's a variation of an American Indian sun dance ritual . I suspend myself by these hooks and the pain becomes so unbearable , I leave my body . If people knew the true price of spirituality , there 'd be more atheists . We 're taking you into custody to question you about some murders . I don 't answer till I talk to my lawyer . - Who 's your lawyer ? - I represent myself . If you 're uncooperative , I 'll have to handcuff you . What gives you fascists the right to do that ? - Did I not say we 're federal agents ? - Did I not say I 'm an escape artist ? Mulder , are you okay ? It 's more comfortable than a futon . Hey ! Look what I caught . Ouch ! What the hell ... ? No ! Nooo ! Nooo ! This has all the makings of those mistaken - identity miscarriage-of-justice things that prove so popular on 60 Minutes . - Is this yours ? - The Fifth Amendment says ... - What is that ? - It 's Lanny in the drunk tank . He 'll be all right once he sleeps it off . No , I don 't think he 's gonna sleep this one off . There 's been another attack . How could anyone have gotten in there ? No one got in . But someone got out . - What are you talking about ? - I 'm not sure myself . But we 'll know more when we find Leonard . - Leonard ? - Lanny 's brother . Oh , God , they extracted the twin . No . The twin extracted itself . - But it 's an appendage . - Yeah . Mulder ... This wound is identical to the other victim 's - with one exception . He 's not bleeding . If you 're trying to tell me his twin can crawl out of his body , you 're as drunk as he is . You said it yourself , Sheriff : it 's what 's inside that counts . I suspect that Lanny has an internal anomaly that allows his conjoining twin to disjoin . But how ? How ... How could I turn him in without turning myself in ? Lanny , why does he attack other people ? I don 't think he knows he 's harming anyone . He is merely seeking another brother . Are you in pain , Lanny ? It hurts . It hurts not to be wanted . I don 't know why he hates me so . I 've taken care of him for all of our lives . Maybe that is the reason why . How long can he survive outside of your body ? Long enough to understand that you cannot change the way you were born . Don 't worry . He 'll come back . He always does . I 'm still his only brother . Sheriff , we 're gonna need the paramedics . Scully , you 're the medical expert and you say the twin can disengage . But how mobile could such a thing be ? Too mobile . So your twin can , uh ... And then ... What an act ! I 'll cover the back . Freeze ! The fun house . I thought I heard a shot fired . I think we 'd better go outside and catch this thing coming out . It 's the manager 's dog . The trailer park . - Are you all right ? - Have you seen a ... uh ... Uh ... Check out the area behind that trailer and let me know what you find . All right . You 're sure it was the twin you saw here ? Maybe it was the Fiji Mermaid and he jumped back in the river and swam back to Fiji . Now you know how I feel . - You 're takin ' off ? - Are you kidding ? With that on the loose ? They 've been searching for it all day . It can 't have survived for this long . It 'll probably try to crawl back up into its brother . No , his brother Lanny died last night . I performed the autopsy on him this morning . So I guess it 's true you can never go home again ! His body wounds were nonfatal . He died as a result of advanced cirrhosis of the liver . Oh , there 's a moral to this story ! " Lay off the booze . " Well , his body possesses some anatomical discrepancies . Offshoots of the oesophagus and trachea that almost seem umbilical in nature . I ... - I 've never seen anything like it . - And you never will again . 21st-century genetic engineering will eradicate Siamese twins and alligator people . You 'll even be hard-pressed to find a slight overbite or a not-so-high cheekbone . You see , I 've seen the future and the future looks ... just like him . Imagine ! Living your whole life looking like that . That 's why it 's left to self-made freaks like me and the Conundrum to remind people . Remind people of what ? Nature abhors normality . It can 't go very long without creating a mutant . - Do you know why ? - No . Why ? I don 't either . It 's a mystery . Maybe some mysteries are never meant to be solved . - What 's the matter with your friend ? - I don 't know what his problem is . - Maybe it 's the Florida heat . - Hope it 's nothing serious . Probably something ' I ate . Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru I made this ! ENGLISH SDH
