 I remember me and him all the way back to kindergarten . He was ... I don 't know . He was like a brother or somethin ' . And we had some good times . Good times that I 'll never forget and ... junk like that . And like now , we all gotta stick together and protect each other , cos that 's what Bruno would have wanted . Cos they say the cult is gonna come try and get more of us and ... we can 't let that happen . So we gotta kick some butt . We gotta kick some butt , like I 'm sure Bruno 's doin in heaven right now . Here he is . Boom ? Boom ? - Are you OK ? - Yeah . That was beautiful . Yep . So did you hear who the cult is supposed to be coming after next ? A blond virgin . Come on. I 'll give you guys a ride home . Your mom is always saying " Wait until you 're married . " Yeah . Then some cult member wants to kidnap you and sacrifice you because you are a virgin ! God ! I mean , how do they even know if you really are a virgin ? I don 't know . I don 't even wanna think about it . You 're not a virgin , are you , Boom ? No . You know , maybe if we weren 't virgins , we wouldn 't be so scared . - Over here ! - Hey , he found somethin ' ! - Oh , God. ls he dead ? - Yeah. lt looks like he hung himself . - He loves me . - He loves me not . - He loves me . - He loves me not . He loves me . He loves me not . He loves me . He loves me not . He loves me . Not ! The map says to turn right at the intersection . The detective told me to turn left . - At the intersection ? - At the stoplight . - This isn 't a stoplight. lt 's a stop sign . - l 'm sure she meant stop sign . Turn right . What more can I say about the loss of a young man like Jay De Boom that the sadness in each of our own hearts does not express more poignantly ? A few people have asked if they might share some of their personal remembrances of Jay . I 'd like to invite them to come forward at this time and share some of those thoughts . His friends called him Boom . Team quarterback . Well-liked , a leader . He was looking forward to college until he was found hanged . That 's the third boy to die in as many months . Your fax mentioned strong suspicions of a satanic cult at work . That 's the popular opinion around here . Wildly popular , actually . - Based on what evidence ? - Eyewitness accounts of satanic rituals . I remember me and Boom back to kindergarten . He was , I don 't know ... like a brother or somethin ' . You have physical evidence of these rituals being conducted ? No . No , just the murder victims . So you have nothing concrete to connect these things to Satanists ? If you detect a hint of skepticism or incredulity in Agent Scully 's voice , it 's because of the evidence gathered by the fbi debunking virtually all claims of ritual abuse by satanic cults . - ls that true ? - Don 't ask me . Our research has proven that most of these accounts are false or imagined . That the trauma or mental illness that is often linked to satanic cults is a result of denial , hysteria and misplaced blame . You 'll have a hard time convincing the locals . Especially with the stories of the girls that were there when Boom died . - Who interviewed them ? - l did . - Together or separate ? - Together . Why ? Then you have no way of determining whether or not their stories are fabricated . No , these are good kids we 're talking about . Outstanding students . The details they gave - l doubt they could have made them up . Let me guess . They told you about a wild beast entering in on a black mass , the drinking of blood , the sacrifice of an infant ... or a blond virgin . Yeah . That 's right . Excuse me . Let me in there ! - Where 's she going ? - You don 't suppose she 's a virgin , do you ? I doubt she 's even a blonde . - Would you let me by ? - No , sir . You can 't go in there ! How long are we going to stand by and watch our children die while Satan 's soldiers run free in this city ? - Bob , this is no time ... - No time ? No time ? Hey , hey ! Hey , Bob , this is not the place for this ! My wife can 't sleep at night ! My kids say they can feel Satan 's presence ! We got to wake up and take action , people ! We gotta cast the devil out of our community ! All right , everybody ! Stay calm . Maybe we 're just imagining that . My name is Terri Roberts. I go to Grover Cleveland Alexander High School . I 'm a senior with a 3.98 grade point average . My name is Margi Kleinjan. I go to Grover Cleveland Alexander High School . I 'm a senior with a 3.75 grade point average . I 'm on the cheerleading yell squad with my best friend , Terri . I 'm on the cheerleading yell squad with my best friend , Margi . We plan to go to college together in the fall . Yeah . Could you tell me again what happened the night of Jay De Boom 's death ? Boom ... Jay was giving us a ride home in his truck , when all of a sudden he swerved off ... .. the road . Like he had been possessed or something . And he made us get out of the car and walk to a clearing where people were wearing black robes and holding black candles . I couldn 't see their faces underneath their hoods , but I knew they were up to no good . How did you know they were " up to no good " ? Well , they were all standing around this altar . And one of them had a long knife with a snake 's head on the handle . Ruby eyes . I thought we were dead , because we 'd heard they were gonna sacrifice a blond virgin . But instead they just brought out this little crying baby and put it on the altar . The man with the knife started saying some kind of prayer . He was chanting . He was saying stuff about how they were gonna sacrifice the baby because it hadn 't been christened yet , and how they were gonna bury it in a mass grave on the outskirts of town with all the other babies that they 'd killed . And ... And ... The whole group was chanting and saying things . The man with the knife raised the knife up over the baby ... And that 's when Terri and I just ran for our lives . The two stories are virtually identical . One corroborates the other . Have there been any actual reports of stolen infants ? Or of mass graves being uncovered anywhere in town ? Or that you found an altar or any other evidence of a black mass ? No , no. ln fact , we haven 't . The problem is that the details of these accounts could come from any newspaper . As horrific as they sound , the stories these girls told are common , even cliché . If you detect any impatience in Agent Scully 's voice , that 's because the fbi found that in most cases , like the McMartin Preschool trial , witnesses were often prompted by stories that were being circulated , and that there was in fact nothing to support them . How do you explain the burning coffin ? Don 't ask me . There have been incidents where the embalming fluid has caused chemical reactions and produced burning . I see nothing here that would suggest otherwise . - What is that ? - What 's what ? - That pattern there on his chest . - Yeah , I see it . It looks like ... a goat . Some kind of horned beast . - A horned beast ? - Yeah , right here in a circle . You guys are seeing something that isn 't there . No , no . Right here . Look . You see , the horns are right there . No , I don 't see the horns right there . I assume you 'll call me if you need me for anything further . If it 's no bother , maybe you can get me a few photographs of that thing which bears no resemblance to a horned beast . Sure . Fine . Whatever . Hi . Hi . What are you doing with my cat ? He was scratching to get in. I thought , with the threat of satanic animal sacrifices , maybe you should keep him inside . I thought the fbi 's research would have debunked that theory . I 'd like to apologize for my partner 's rude behavior . She tends to be rather rigid . But rigid in a wonderful way - not like she was today . Personally , I like to try to keep a more open mind . So , what are you doing at my house ? I was hoping you could help me solve the mystery of the horny beast . Let me make sure I heard you right . You say you see horns . You don 't see a ... goat here ? Some kind of beast ? This is a trick . To try and entrap me ? - Nobody 's trying to entrap you . - Yeah , right . A lot of loonies in this town would like to think I 'm a Satanist . But the truth is I 'm just a number cruncher , trying to make an honest living here . - What do you think is going on , if I may ask ? - l think the whole town 's lost its marbles . I should have seen it coming , but it 's hard being a small-business owner . - Seen what coming ? - We 're due for a rare planetary alignment , where Mercury , Mars and Uranus are extreme influences . On what ? Office hours are nine to five . All major credit cards accepted . Shoot that ball and shoot , shoot ! - Craig Wilmore . - Hate him , Roger . Points , though , for improved dermatology , Gene . Can it be true that these people will soon be adults bringing new life into this world ? I 'm so depressed . Hi , Scott . Scott Simmons . Babe-alicious in overtime , Gene . Minus the Brenda appendage . - Hate her . - Hate her . Wouldn 't wanna date her . Hey ... Sorry . - Hate him ! - Hate him ! Wouldn 't wanna date him ! Get the ball ! Come on ! Hey ! Turn the lights on , will ya ? I can 't get out ! I can 't get out ! I can 't get outta here ! Someone help me ! Call 911 ! - What happened ? - Another young man has died . An electrical surge cut the power but activated the bleacher motor , and he got caught inside . - Detective White , can I see you ? - Excuse me . I could hear him screaming ... - You weren 't in your motel room . - l went to follow up a lead with the detective . - l see . - You see what ? We 've been working together for what , two years now ? We have differing opinions . But I didn 't expect you to ditch me . - l didn 't ditch you . - Fine . Whatever . We got more trouble . A mob has gathered on the south side of town . - OK ! - Hey , Bob ! We got company ! What 's goin ' on here , Bob ? George Hunsaker 's little boy got a phone call telling him the location of the mass grave . - lt 's private property . You have to stop this . - Our children are dying ! That does not give you the right to tear up Harvey Molitch 's backyard . Maybe he 's got somethin ' to hide . We got two kids prepared to say he took them on a camping trip and made them play " Naked Movie Star " games ! That man , is he always that hysterical ? No . He 's our high-school principal. I 've never heard him say a bad word about anyone . This is called rumor panic . It 's when an antecedent event links up with a popular Satanic cult myth , and it increases tension in the community . A villain is singled out as the focus of the community 's confusion and angst about unexplained events , like the death of the high-school boys . There have been at least 20 incidents since 1983 from upstate New York to Reno , Nevada . Not one of them has turned up a shred of evidence to support the wild allegations . - l found bones ! - She found bones ! All right , everybody stay back ! They 're in the bag . - Go ahead . - No , you go ahead . No , no . Be my guest. I know how much you like snapping on the latex . They 're child 's bones ! What is that right there ? Some kind of lettering ? " RWG . " Dick Godfrey . That bag belongs to Dr Godfrey . He 's the baby killer ! - Who 's Dr Godfrey ? - He 's the town pediatrician . He 's a killer ! Come on out , Godfrey ! Come on out ! We know you 're in there ! Godfrey ! He 's home ! He 's in there ! Let me get this straight . You haven 't seen the bag in a year and you sold it at a garage sale . To a young girl . One of the Roberts family . They live a few doors down . Why was it filled with bones and buried in a field ? - l have no idea . - The people of this town think you do . Would you be willing to take a lie detector test ? You can go , Dr Godfrey . We won 't be needing you any further . Your story checked out . Thank God . The bones turned out to be the skeletal remains not of an infant , but of a beloved 14-year-old Lhasa apso , formerly known as Mr Tippy . Mr Tippy . This may not be any time to mention it , but someone is wearing my favorite perfume . Can I have a word with you ? - This has gone on far enough . - What ? I am not going to be humiliated by you , or by having to bring a teenage girl in , on her birthday , to identify the bones of her dead dog ! I see no reason to pursue this case . And I find your conduct in this investigation notjust alarming , but highly objectionable . - What are you doing ? - lt must be Detective White . If that 's the reason we 're sticking around , that 's your business . - What ? What are you talking about ? - Detective White . We came here because of three unexplained deaths . Detective White could use our help . Well , you two seem to have a certain simpatico . I 'm going back to Washington in the morning . Go , girl ! Get down ! Go , Terri ! What are you gonna ask , Brenda ? Who am I gonna marry ? S. Scott ! A. T. A. N. Satan ? One Bloody Mary , two Bloody Mary , three Bloody Mary , four Bloody Mary ... What are you guys doing ? You just close your eyes and count to 13 and Bloody Mary appears in the mirror . Come on in ... Brenda . No , thank you . Five Bloody Mary , six Bloody Mary , seven Bloody Mary ... Turn it off ! Turn it off ! What was that ? " Detective White could use our help . " " She 's just trying to solve this case . " " Detective White " ! Can I come in ? What happened ? I found that on my front doorstep . If they 're not Satanists , who are they ? - What are you doing ? - Nothing . - You 've been drinking . - Yes , I have , which is funny because I usually ... I normally never ... I don 't drink . You know , I don 't feel like going home . Do you mind if I slept here ? Actually , I 'm sure I could ... get you another room . Maybe we can solve the mystery of the horny beast . Maybe we should just watch some television . There 's a movie on TV , actually . It 's the same movie on every channel . Weird. I like weird . I feel weird . Mu ... There 's been another death . Was it a murder ? A girl was impaled by flying glass from a bathroom mirror . - Let me drive . - l 'm driving . - lt 's not what you think . - l didn 't see anything . - Will you let me drive ? - Why do you always have to drive ? Because you 're the guy ? Because you 're the big macho man ? No. I was just never sure your little feet could reach the pedals . Will you go with her , please ? Thank you . " Big , macho man " ! Hey . Loss of appetite ? That 's not a good sign . I 'd like to be alone . Well , you got your wish . What happened to you guys ? You used to be ... Look , we 're not dressed like this for the funeral . We 're here to make you feel better tonight . Carpe pm . Hate him . Hate him ! - When we came before ... - l 'm waiting for an authorization . - l 'm a federal agent ! - Last I heard , the Federal Government couldn 't pay its bills . OK , you 're good for up to 300 bucks . How can I help you ? You said you knew why people were behaving so strangely here . The same reason that my dog 's been trying to mate with the gas barbecue for two months . - You said it was planetary . - Once every 84 years , Mercury , Mars and Uranus come into conjunction . Only this year , Uranus is in the house of Aquarius . - That 's a bad thing ? - Bad like an Irwin Allen movie . Things are gonna fall out of the sky . Disaster lies in wait , especially around here . - Why here ? - We 're in a geological vortex . A high-intensity meridian . A cosmic G spot . All culminating on January 12 when the planets come into perfect alignment , which would be today . Hey ! - But why is this affecting everyone ? - Some people more than others . Relationships are gonna suck . Significant dates can exaggerate the effects . - What if today was my birthday ? - Then I 'd say " Happy Birthday . " Unless , of course , you were born in 1979 , and then I 'd call the police . You 'd have a Jupiter-Uranus opposition , forming what 's called a " grand square , " where all the planets align into a cross . All the energy of the cosmos would be focused on you . You don 't have to be alone tonight . - What are you doin ' ? - The insensitivity to your pain was too much for me to bear , so I ... What ? So you what ? So you blew me off so you could snag some shoulder time with rude boy ! - Back off , Terri . - Happy birthday ... bitch . Right back at you . You 're bleeding . So are you . You killed him ! What do you mean , I killed him ? You killed him . I didn 't kill him . Terri ! I 'll let you fill in the amount . Mulder . I know who the killer is. I know who did it all . Who is this ? Margi Kleinjan . Where are you , Margi ? Just tell me where you are . I don 't know what you 're doing , but I suggest you put that gun down , or I 'm gonna have to arrest you . We 're not standing around waiting for answers . We 're taking it into our own hands . You can 't walk down the street carrying a loaded weapon. it 's against the law . Not if I 'm hunting , it 's not . Hunting Satanists . - There are no Satanists here . - Who killed those kids ? And all these birds ? Somebody help me ! I know who the killer is . I know who did it all . All the murders . - Come on , Margi . Let 's get you out of here . - She killed him . - Who ? - Terri . She killed all of them . - She killed all the high-school boys ? - And Brenda Summerfield . - How did she do it ? - l think she 's possessed or something . She killed Scott Simmons tonight with a garage-door spring . I don 't know how she does it. I think she 's ... I think she 's evil . She tricked Boom into going up on that cliff and then she pushed him off , and laughed about it . Just like she did Eric Bauer the other night in the gym . When all the lights went out ... and she knew that he was trapped under the bleachers , she could hear him screaming , but she wouldn 't make it stop . Why didn 't you stop her , Terri ? Why didn 't you tell anybody ? Because ... Because I was afraid of her . Because she was my best friend . Best friends are supposed to stick together , right ? - Scully . - Scully , it 's me . - Where are you ? - At a crime scene. I think I have a solid lead . I 'm way ahead of you , Mulder . I 've got a suspect I wanna bring in . - Who 's that ? - Margi Kleinjan . Hold on a second . - Margi Kleinjan ? - That 's right . Her friend gave us a statement . Actually , I 'm way ahead of you . I 'm with Margi Kleinjan . She gave me a statement implicating her friend . - Who ? - Terri . Actually , I 'm way ahead of you , because I 'm with Terri . - You 're what ? - l 've got your suspect and you 've got mine . - Why does that make sense to me ? - l don 't think this is linked to any cult . I wanna get ' em both in and get a formal statement , and clear this thing up . OK ? - Scully ? - Sure . Fine . Whatever . Wait right here . Detective White 's cat ? Steve , what was that ? - Hey , girlfriend . - Hey . Get her outta here . Out of my way . - What the hell 's going on here ? - Something cosmic . - Put that gun down ! - Where is she ? - Who ? - The girl ! The guilty one ! - They 're both in there . - l think we 'd like to see for ourselves . I think we 're all tired of waiting for law enforcement to bring aboutjustice . Yeah ! - Open the door . - You don 't wanna go in there . - Excuse me . - Gladly . We are but visitors on this rock , hurtling through time and space at 66,000 miles an hour , tethered to a burning sphere by an invisible force in an unfathomable universe . This most of us take for granted , while refusing to believe these forces affect us any more than a butterfly beating its wings halfway around the world . Or that two girls , born on the same date , at the same time and place , might not find themselves the unfortunate focus of similar unseen forces , converging like the planets themselves into burning pinpoints of cosmic energy whose absolute gravity would threaten to swallow and consume everything in its path . Or maybe the answer lies even further from our grasp . I think it was Satan . Yes , sir . Satan it was . - Are you ready ? - You 're the driver . Scully , if I 'm not mistaken , we 're gonna be taking a left up here . There 's an intersection up here . You 're gonna wanna ... Scully , you 're gonna wanna ... - You just ran a stop sign back there , Scully . - Shut up , Mulder . Sure . Fine . Whatever . Visiontext Subtitles : Julie Clayton I made this ! US english
