 For the first time I feel time like a heartbeat , the seconds pumping in my breast like a reckoning , the numinous mysteries that once seemed so distant and unreal threatening clarity in the presence of a truth entertained not in youth , but only in its passage . I feel these words as if their meaning were weight being lifted from me , knowing that you will read them and share my burden as I have come to trust no other . That you should know my heart , look into it , finding there the memory and experience that belong to you , that are you , is a comfort to me now as I feel the tethers loose and the prospects darken for the continuance of a journey that began not so long ago , and which began again with a faith shaken and strengthened by your convictions . If not for which I might never have been so strong now as I cross to face you and look at you incomplete , hoping that you will forgive me for not making the rest of the journey with you . Oncology ? Thanks . Scully ? I stole these from some guy with a broken leg down the hall . He won 't be able to catch me . How ya doing ? I guess that 's the question . Actually , I feel fine . Good . What exactly are we lookin ' at here ? It 's what 's called a nasopharyngeal mass . It 's a growth on the wall between the superior concha and the sphenoidal sinus . A growth ? A tumor . You 're the only one I 've called . is it operable ? - No . - But it 's treatable ? The truth is that the type and placement of the tumor make it difficult ... to the extreme . - l refuse to believe that . - For all the times I have said that to you , I am as certain about this as you have ever been . I have cancer . It is a mass on the wall between my sinus and cerebrum . If it pushes into my brain , statistically there is about zero chance of survival . I don 't accept that . There must be people who have received treatment for this who ... Yes , there are . This news is the worst kind of surprise , Agent Scully. I 'm very sorry . Thank you , sir. I would appreciate it if we could keep this confidential . I understand. I assume you 'll be taking a leave of absence . No , sir. I 've asked my doctors to hold on to my medical records until Agent Mulder and I can exhaust an avenue of investigation . lnvestigation ? Last year we pursued a case in which a number of women , purported abductees , experienced similar symptoms after having implants removed from their necks . A woman in Pennsylvania , Betsy Hagopian , was undergoing treatment for nasopharyngeal tumor . We haven 't been able to contact her yet . We have contacts with the best physicians in the country . Yes , sir , but I would like to pursue this through the Justice Department , rather than as a personal matter . I 'm sorry . No early birds . We 're looking for Betsy Hagopian . No one 's returning our messages . Betsy 's passed away . Just two-and-a-half weeks ago . Are you a relation ? No . We 're with the fbi . - Been some kind of trouble ? - Betsy was part of a MUFON group . I don 't know. I 'm just the realtor . Do you mind if we come inside and take a look ? Hey , Scully . Listen to this . There are two lines coming in . One 's lit . Someone 's sending a fax or a computer modem . But who ? And to send what ? Somebody must have remote access to the system . And downloading data . Copying files . Let 's get a trace on them before whoever it is hangs up . Apartment 234 is listed under Kurt Crawford . I 'm gonna check around back . See if you can get the manager . Stop ! Federal agent ! Hold it ! Put your hands where we can see them ! is your name Kurt Crawford ? Yes . - Scully ? - What ? I 'm fine , Mulder . Quit staring ' at me. I 'm fine . - You OK , Scully ? - Yeah. I 'm just washing up . You took his cuffs off . He 's a member of the same UFO network Betsy Hagopian belonged to . He was downloading files for safekeeping , as Betsy had asked him . - Why did he run ? - He thinks his life 's in danger . That there 's a government conspiracy to suppress the information in those files . - You think he 's credible ? - He knows a lot about what happened to Betsy and the other women in her MUFON group . That will have to be cross-checked . We can 't . Why not ? How did they die ? Brain cancer . All within the last year . All of them ? From the group you met , there 's only Penny Northern . She 's in the hospital , and it doesn 't look good . What makes you think it 's a government conspiracy ? What makes you think it isn 't ? 11 women are abducted , all with similar recollections about the experience . All developing identical brain tumors , and all refused state health care because of their insistence of the facts . And all dying within the space of a year . - l want you to listen to me . - About what ? About what you 're denying . - What am I denying ? - Where your cancer came from . - lt doesn 't matter . - lt does . If it 's a result of your abduction , and that is something the government knows , - these facts should be brought to light . - l don 't know what happened . I have no clear recollection , and I don 't think these abductions are even abductions . These women are dead . No , they are not . One woman isn 't . This Penny Northern . If you won 't listen to me , then go talk to her . About what ? What it feels like to be dying of cancer ? What it 's like to know there is nothing you can do about it . If that 's too hard for you , then go as an investigator . You have one remaining witness , Agent Scully . I 'd think you 'd want to know what her story is . Dana . Hello . I 'm sorry . Did somebody tell you I was coming to see you ? No . Then how did you know it was me ? I recognized you . I told you when we met last year . I held you and comforted you in the place ... after the tests . I 'm sorry. I don 't mean to be insensitive , but I don 't share those memories . It 's all right . I 've come to ask you some questions . - About Dr Scanlon ? - No . Who 's Dr Scanlon ? He 's treating the cancer . He treated Betsy too . He thinks he might have isolated the cause . And that if he 'd caught it earlier , he might have been able to do more for her . And for me . - His name 's Scanlon ? - Yes . What did you want to ask me ? - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . - Where are you , Scully ? - With Penny Northern . - Where are you ? - At Betsy Hagopian 's going through files before they start disappearing . And I think I 've found something . Some of these women who 've died were childless . They 've been treated at an infertility clinic , Penny Northern and Betsy Hagopian among them . - Mulder ... - l 've made calls , tried to get information , but nobody is talking to me . I need you to come up here . Did you find something ? I need you to bring the overnight bag from the car . And I need you to call my mother and ask her to bring some things to the hospital . Anything I should know ? Whatever you found , or whatever you might find , I think we both know that right now the truth is in me . And that 's where l need to pursue it as soon as possible . I will be right there . Agent Mulder ? Dana ? I 'm Dr Scanlon . We spoke last night on the phone . Yeah . Hi . Sorry . I was sleeping . I noticed . How 's your energy level , generally ? I don 't feel sick at all . Your MRls and your charts aren 't here yet . But I have an idea what to expect . You probably do too , from your medical training . I know that the chemotherapy is going to make me sick . And the radiation . It 's a high-dose approach to knock your system down so that we can attempt a gene therapy on P-53 . You 're gonna feel like dying . - Dana . - Hi , Mom . This is Dr Scanlon . I drove . I was gonna take the shuttle , but it 's only an hour more by car . Can you imagine ? I 'm fine. I 'm going to be fine . I 'm just here for treatment . I 'm gonna go . I 've ordered additional blood work . I 'd like to start in this afternoon . Thank you . Mom , I know what you 're going to say , but I don 't have any experience being sick . I promise you , I feel fine . I don 't know why you didn 't tell me . I don 't know why you didn 't tell me immediately ! I wanted to get all the answers first . And you found them here ? I have found some clarity . And maybe a way to fight back . I don 't wanna be kept in the dark . You 'll know , Mom . You have always been the strong one . But you 're my only daughter now . I know . ( Scully 's voice ) ln med school , I learned that cancer arrives in the body unannounced , a dark stranger who takes up residence , turning its new home against itself . This is the evil of cancer , that it starts as an invader , but soon becomes one with the invaded , forcing you to destroy it . But only at the risk of destroying yourself . It is science 's demon possession . My treatments , science 's attempt at exorcism . Mulder , I hope that in these terms you might know it and know me , and accept this stranger so many recognize but cannot ever completely cast out . And if the darkness should have swallowed me as you read this , you must never think there was the possibility of some secret intervention , something you might have done . And though we 've traveled far together , this last distance must necessarily be traveled alone . I 've got a gun pointed at your head . Turn around very slowly . Kurt Crawford . We travel in the same circles these days . Put the gun away . You disappeared with those files from Betsy Hagopian 's. I got to thinking you were a liar . - Tell me I 'm wrong . - l 'm looking for the same thing you are . I 've been trying to hack into that system , but I need the password . - You think you can get access from here ? - l need to find that password . " Vegreville . " We 're in . ( Penny ) Dana ? It 's OK , Dana . You 'll be OK . Where am I ? You 're in your own bed now . You 're safe . I feel nauseous . It 's the chemo . The chemo was always the worst . I had a bad dream . Someone was doing something bad to me . You were there. I heard your voice . They let me come to you during the procedures . I don 't know why . Human compassion is not something that they have . I 'm sorry , Penny . I can 't hear this right now . You 've got to try and make sense of it , Dana . It 'll help you through the pain . To understand why this is ... this is happening to you . I need you to set up a meeting for me . Hold all my calls . Where 's Agent Scully ? In a hospital in Allentown beginning treatment . What happened to your investigative avenues ? They 've taken a turn . A pretty big U-turn , by the looks of it . This is a file from a federally operated fertility clinic . Agent Scully 's name is on this file . Although I 'm damn sure she 's never undergone infertility treatment . - What 's in the file ? - lt 's just a directory for a mainframe in the Lombard Research Facility . So you want a meeting . With whom ? The cigarette man . I have no doubt he 's behind this . - You 've come to me before like this . - This is different. I 'm willing to deal . - Find another way . - No . No ! I need that meeting . You offer this man anything and he will own you forever . He knows what they did to Agent Scully ! He may know how to save her ! Then you can know too , but you can 't ask the truth of a man who trades in lies . We are talking about Agent Scully 's life . Find another way . The Lombard system is a dedicated mainframe , impossible to hack , so they say . - How 'd you guys get in ? - A modified clipper chip from a government army field encoder . We bought it back from the Chinese . But for what we got on Agent Scully 's file , we don 't know how much help it 's gonna be . - What do you mean ? - lt 's a gene code we 've seen before . Detected in Scully 's blood after her abduction . Does it tell us anything ? Normal DNA is inactive when in its helical form . When it 's unwound , or branched like this , - that 's when it can mutate . - lt 's what made her sick . Why store this , and why keep it a secret ? Scientists get funky when their research is poached . Somebody might be trying to find a cause . - Or a cure . - Theoretically . You guys ever been to the Lombard Research Facility ? Pick out something black and sexy and prepare to do some funky poaching . It 's funny. I always thought of you as Fox Mulder 's patron . You 'd think under your aegis , he wouldn 't work in a corner of the basement . At least he doesn 't take an elevator up to get to work . You think I 'm the devil ? I 'm not here to talk about you . Then why are you here ? is it Mulder 's partner and her illness ? is it terminal ? is it cancer ? You tell me . Modern medicine today ... I hear they can perform miracles . I need a miracle . You think a lot more of me than you let on , Mr Skinner . - What 'll it take ? - For Agent Scully 's life ? - What would you offer ? - What 'll it take ? I 'll have to get back to you on that . Mr Skinner . Which way is the elevator ? He 'll double back in 54 seconds . Frohike , where are you guys ? In the K-section of a storm drain where the communications system links up to public power . Stand by . Two minutes for a system check . We gotta go . We 're in motion . They 're in . Security camera 's off-line , patching in now . Smile , Byers . You 're on Candid Camera . Exterior security has been breached . - Langly , are you reading this ? - Redundant systems ... This is a toughie . You couldn 't get two of these ? What is going on ? Mulder , this is gonna take a moment . We have a problem . The doctor treating Scully is on staff here . More mysteries await . Bypass is complete . I need someone to get Scully 's treatment stopped . You 're the only one who can do that . I 've not written in 24 hours because the treatment has weakened my spirit as well as my body . Mulder , it 's dicult to describe the fear of facing an enemy which I can neither conquer nor escape . Penny Northern has taken a downturn . I look at her with a respect that can only come from one who is about to walk the same dark path . Seeing her , I can 't help but see myself in a month or a year . I pray that I have her courage to face this journey . Mulder , I feel you close though I know you are now pursuing your own path . For that I am grateful , more than I could ever express . I need to know you are out there if I am ever to see through this . Langly , where the hell am I going ? We 're losing you on the video . Mulder ? Did you do anything , Frohike ? I didn 't touch a thing . Langly , can you hear me ? Langly , I can 't hear you . Open the door . Open the damn door ! Agent Mulder , come in . - You 're hybrids . - Please come in so that we might explain . - You 've been using me . - Not at all . Your arrival was only coincident with the execution of our objective . - What objective ? - To subvert the project . The project that created us . I 've seen this boy before . These boys are you . We 're among the end results . - And you wanna destroy them ? - No ! What we want is the same thing that you want . What are these ? Human ova . Taken from whom ? What ? Harvested during her abduction through a radiation procedure that caused ... superovulation . - Why ? - For fertilization . They constitute one half of the necessary raw materials . For genetic hybridization . For reproduction . These women ... These women are your birth mothers . Barren now ... from the same procedure that caused their cancer . And now they 're left to die , their conditions hastened by the men running this project . - You 're trying to save them . - They 're our mothers . Mulder , do you copy ? Langly , I can 't hear you . You 've got a security breach in section J-14 . - You sure it 's not Byers ? - Nope. I 've got Byers on my screen . Langly , I don 't know where l am . You 're in a bio-quarantine wing leading to an exit . At the end of the hall , you 'll access a door to a bio-secure room . OK , I 'm here . Open the door . The doors work under redundant systems . We 're working fast . Work faster ! Langly , open the door now ! Get me outta here ! Get me outta here now ! Almost there . Go ! - Nurse . - Just a minute . Nurse ! Dana Scully 's supposed to be in her room . Where is she ? - She 's not there ? - What happened to her ? - l don 't know . - Who the hell does know ? Mulder ! - What happened to Scully ? - l got to her . Where is she now ? Dr Scanlon isn 't coming back ? No . I don 't think so , Penny . Dana , I want you to get well . You 've been such a comfort . You 've got to be the one . You can 't give up hope . I haven 't . I won 't . is she gone ? I 'm sorry . I know what she meant to you . When I came to find you and you weren 't in your room , I got scared that something had happened . And I read some of what you wrote . I didn 't want you to read that . I had decided to throw it out . I decided tonight that ... That I 'm not gonna let this thing beat me . I came into this hospital able to work . And that 's how I 'm leaving . - Byers tell you about Dr Scanlon ? - Yes . He may very well have killed those women . That will have to be proven ... if we find him . When we find him . Something was done to you . Something you 're just beginning to remember . You can 't quite figure it out , but it can be explained , and it will be . And no matter what you think as a scientist or a doctor , there is a way and you will find it , to save yourself . Mulder , I can 't kid myself . People live with cancer . They carry on . And so will I . You know , I 've got things to finish , to prove to myself , to my family . But for my own reasons . Come on back . The truth will save you , Scully . I think it 'll save both of us . - Skinner . - l was leavin 'you a voicemail . - lt 's 5 : 30 . What are you ... - How can I help you ? I want you to know that Scully 's doing OK . She says she 's coming back to work . Good . That 's good to hear . Thank you for your advice about our chain-smoking friend . You were right . We have to know what he knows . We just have to find another way . There 's always another way . Yes , I believe there is , if you 're willing to pay the price . Subtitles by Visiontext I made this ! US english
