 Check set . Gauthier ! Gauthier ! Gauthier ! Hold the elevator . Hold it ! Hold it ! Agent Scully . Can I see you for a few minutes ? - Kimberly , would you excuse us , please ? - Certainly , sir . A memo came across my desk last night . I debated whether to call you , but I decided ... - And it concerns me ? - Yes . And your sister . In five months there have been no new leads in her murder investigation by the DC police team or the Bureau . I 've been told the case is to be made inactive until further notice . I see . I don 't think there 's anything to be read into this. lt 's a case of manpower and workload . I want you to know I am going to appeal this decision . I 'm gonna go back over all the evidence again myself to make sure nothing was overlooked . You know , it 's strange . Men can blow up buildings and be nowhere near the crime scene , but we can piece together the evidence and convict them beyond a doubt . Our labs here can recreate , out of the most microscopic detail , the motivation and circumstance to almost any murder , right down to a killer 's attitude towards his mother and that he was a bedwetter . But in the case of a woman , my sister , who was gunned down in cold blood in a well-lit apartment building by a shooter who left the weapon at the crime scene , we can 't even put together enough to keep anybody interested . This has nothing to do with interest . If I may say so , sir , it has everything to do with interest . Just not yours , and not mine . Yeah ? Sorry I 'm late . - Anything up ? - No . It 's nothing . What did you want to talk to me about ? Something interesting came to my attention last night . A French salvage ship , the Piper Maru , limped into port in San Diego yesterday all the way from the North Pacific . Why is that of interest ? Using the National Weather Service satellite system , I tracked its course . This was its original position . Longitude , uh ... 171 east , latitude 42 north . That 's where the Talapus pulled up what you believe was a Russian sub - and what I believe was a UFO . - Mulder ... I don 't know what it is , but something is down there . The French are looking , too . - So what ? - So what information are they acting on ? - Why notjust ask them ? - The crew 's being treated for radiation burns . From exposure to what ? The French government is keeping that information classified . Could it have anything to do with nuclear tests ? I checked. it 's thousands of miles away from any test sites . What ? I 'm just constantly amazed by you. I ... You 're working down here in the basement , sifting through files and transmissions that any other agent would throw away . That 's why I 'm in the basement , Scully . You 're in the basement because they 're afraid of you . Of your relentlessness . And because they know they could drop you in the desert , tell you the truth is out there and you 'd ask ' em for a shovel . - That 's what you think of me ? - Well , maybe not a shovel . Maybe a backhoe . That 's good because there 's some garbage in San Diego l want you to help me dig through . - Dr Seizer ? - Yes . Special Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . You 're here about the men with radiation exposure ? - Yeah . How are they doing ? - Not real good . It 's been hard to determine treatment as there is an air of secrecy around what happened . The source of their exposure is still undetermined . These symptoms , would you characterize them as acute or somatic ? - l 'm a medical doctor . - They 're somatic . I don 't think we 've seen the worst of it . The effects are degrading rapidly . Spontaneous bleeding in the mouths and intestinal tracts , blood in the urine . All these men are suffering delirium , the pre-advance stages of coma . - What kind of exposure are we talking about ? - 200 , maybe 400 roentgens , - with a high rate of absorption . - That 's verging on levels seen in Hiroshima . Whatever these men came in contact with , it was man-made . - Levels like this just don 't appear in nature . - Not on this planet . Did you get to talk to any of them ? No , they were in bad shape by the time they got to me , except for one man . And this was strange , because he was the only one who seemed unaffected . I held him for the first day , but I detected none of the symptoms of the others . His leukocytes and erythrocytes were high . Actually , he was in good health . How could that be , with that level of radiation , that one man wasn 't exposed ? It doesn 't make any sense . But it 's lucky for these men because he piloted the boat in . None of these men could have done that . Would it be possible for us to talk to him ? You could if he was still here , but he discharged himself this morning . He 's a Frenchman , has a San Francisco address . His name is Gauthier . OK , let 's wrap it up and get on the truck . No answer at Gauthier 's home number . Try the ins or the French consulate . See what you can pull on him . Could I have the number for the French consulate ? Agents Mulder and Scully . fbi . I 'm Wayne Morgan. I 'm with the Navy 's investigative Services Unit . - Have you turned anything up ? - No , but I don 't know what I 'm lookin ' for . The crew is being treated for radiation . We know . We had a hazmat team pouring ' over the boat . Didn 't find a trace . Nothing ? We had divers goin ' over the hull , puttin ' probes down the bilge . - Couldn 't detect the slightest level . - So it 's OK for us to go on board ? Sure . Probably get more radiation off your cell phone . Generator 's back up . That better ? Yeah , thanks . is this the way you found this room ? Nothing 's been touched , not since she 's been tied up here. lt 's a mess . - Feels like home . - Somebody was looking for something . Any idea what ? No. I 'm looking for the VCR . - What for ? - The dive suit has a video camera . - What the hell is that ? - Looks like the fuselage of a plane . It 's a North American P-51 Mustang . Yeah , it sure is . I just got very turned on . It 's the shape of the canopy . I used to watch my father and brothers put together World War ll model planes as a kid . - Would it have carried anything radioactive ? - No , it was just a fighter . - Then what were those men exposed to ? - l don 't know , but I know someone I can ask . You 're home ! I was so worried about you ! Why didn 't you call me ? There were men here from the consulate . They said there 'd been an accident . Why aren 't you answering me ? Why aren 't you answering me ? Hi. I 'm here to see Commander Johansen . - Name , please ? - l 'm Special Agent Dana Scully . fbi . - D 'you have an appointment ? - No . Uh , he used to be a friend of my father 's . I 'm out here from Washington . I wanted to surprise him . - Let me give you directions . - l know my way , thanks . Five . - Got it . - Dana ! Mr Gauthier ! Mr Gauthier , open the door. lt 's the fbi . Mr Gauthier ? Mr Gauthier ? Salvage . Mr Gauthier ? I want you to lie still. I 'm with the fbi . - What happened ? Did you fall ? - l don 't know . - How did you get here ? - l can 't remember . - l was on the boat . - The Piper Maru ? - That 's the last thing you remember ? - Yes . - l was on a dive . - OK . Do you know where you are now ? I am at home . Where 's my wife ? Nobody 's home , but somebody 's gone through your papers . - Where 's Joan ? - She 's not here . Look , you need to be careful . You 've got some kind of oil all over you . - What 's going on ? - l want you to try to remain calm , OK ? Now I 'd like to ask you a few questions about a letter . About a J Kallenchuk Salvage Brokers . - l don 't recognize that name . - Well , somebody did . And I think you know why . I would like to speak to the French consul general. I have nothing more to say . He 'll be right out . - Yes ? - Commander Johansen ? - Yes . - l 'm Dana Scully . I used to live three doors down . My father was Captain William Scully . I went to school with your son . I 'm sorry . My memory isn 't quite what it used to be . Richard doesn 't live here anymore . Actually , sir , I came to see you . I work for the fbi now and there 's a question that I 'm hoping you can answer . Oh , well , would you come in ? - Do sit down . - Thank you . - Would you like something to drink ? - No , thanks . I know you were an officer in the Pacific theater during World War ll . I want to ask you about a plane that 's been discovered . - Discovered ? - Yes . A P-51 Mustang in the Pacific Ocean with the call numbers : JTT0 111470 . Well , those are not the call numbers of P-51 . There was an illustration on the fuselage with the words " Drop Dead Red . " I 'm sorry . Would the words " Zeus Faber " mean anything to you ? No . But , as I said , sometimes my memory is not so sharp . Would you know anybody I could talk to who could give me that information ? - l wish I could help you . - l wish you could , too . There 's a number of French sailors who may die from radiation exposure . If we knew more about the plane , we might be able to understand why . Anyway , it was very good to see you again , sir . - Say hello to your father for me . - l wish I could . He 's passed away . I 'm ... I 'm very sorry . I have to say , this place brings back memories for me . I remember all the kids used to play a game called " beckons wanted , " right out there . Well ... If you talk to your son , will you tell him I stopped by ? Thank you . - Who is it ? - My name is Mulder. I 'm with the fbi . It 's open . - Can I help you ? - l 'm looking for Mr Kallenchuk . I 'm sorry . He 's out of town . Perhaps I could help you with something ? - Maybe you can tell me where l can find him . - Sure . The Far East . I 've got a letter here typed on his stationery . - Maybe you typed it for him ? - Sorry , I don 't type . - What did you say your name was ? - Mulder . Mr Mulder , I 'd be happy to relay any message you have for him , but I have no way of contacting Mr Kallenchukjust now . OK . Well , why don 't you just have him call me as soon as he can . Sure . The fbi . - Yes . What did you say your name was ? - Geraldine . Thank you , Geraldine . Agent Scully , would you step out of the car ? - Why ? - Just turn off the engine and step out , please . - What 's this about ? - You 're being detained . Pull over there . What 's going on ? I can 't give your regards to my son , Miss Scully . He was killed in a training accident during the Gulf War . I 'm sorry . There 's something else , isn 't there ? We bury our dead alive , don 't we ? - l don 't know if I understand . - We hear them every day . They talk to us . They haunt us . They beg us for meaning . Conscience ... lt 's just the voices of the dead trying to save us from our own damnation . You know something about that plane , don 't you ? I know , because I was sent to find it ... as an officer in the submarine called the Zeus Faber . OK , you 're all set . Gate two . Have a good trip . Thank you . Next in line , please . - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . Where are you ? - San Francisco Airport . You ? - Miramar Air Base . I think I know what those men were exposed to . What the Piper Maru was looking for . - What ? - That P-51 Mustang was part of an escort for a B-29 carrying an atomic bomb , just like the one we dropped on Hiroshima . - Only it never reached its target . - Says who ? Says one of the men originally sent to find it on a submarine called the Zeus Faber . - That was the name on that dive chart . - lt makes sense . Why build a nuclear weapon when they can salvage one ? Why , if they knew about it , wait 50 years to recover it ? And why was the only person not exposed the diver sent down to find it ? - l don 't know . - Why don 't you try to find out ? - What about you ? - l gotta go to Hong Kong . - Hong Kong ? - Yeah . Look , I 'm gonna miss my flight , so ... I gotta call you back , OK ? Hi . Anything good here ? Anything not on the menu ? You 'll have to ask the waitress . You gentlemen have a problem ? When something 's not on the menu , Mr Skinner , there 's a reason , wouldn 't you say ? - l didn 't come here for the conversation . - A hierarchy exists in the fbi , right ? A man has status , like yourself , the assistant director . Those under him obey his orders , right ? - Who are you guys ? - We work for the intelligence community . Remind me not to move there . You take your orders like those below you . A case is made inactive : the death of an fbi agent 's sister . Maybe that 's because those above you did the hard work of arriving at that decision . Thanks for the enlightenment . I 'm gonna go now . It helps to remember these things when a man looks forward to his career . To his plans for the future . We all joined thinking we 'd come home heroes . That 's me . The rest of the men in the picture ... a month later they were all dead . The madness we 'd planned to unleash on the Japanese , we ended up setting it loose on ourselves . Radiation killed all those men ? The men , you say , had burns on their bodies . That 's how it began with us . Awful burns . We 'd found the sunken squadron , when a Japanese destroyer moved into the area . Rather than attempt to return home , Captain Sanford ordered us to go to silent running . After three days the burns started to appear . Baker got them first . Then Vorce and Innocenti . No one had seen burns like these before , but a lot of us began to suspect they had something to do with the planes we 'd been sent to recover . The men were all frightened of dying . As the XO , I urged the captain to return , but against all reason and good sense , he refused to leave the area . Captain Sanford , I 'm not an MD , but I know a lost cause when I see one . These men are dying , and there 's nothing I can do to stop it . - Just do your damn job . - Sir , I 'm trying . But if we stay down here any longer , none of us are going home . You 're the XO . Get us to the surface . - We are under the captain 's orders . - He 's losing his mind . The Japanese are shadowing us . The destroyer is circling above our position . You have to take control of this sub , sir . You have to make a decision . - We 're all gonna die ! - What was that ? All of us ! We 're dying ! Can 't you all see that ? You 've gotta get us out of here ! Our silence had been shattered by the gunshot . The only command that could save us from the destroyer was the one to return home . An order I knew the captain would never issue . Johansen ! Open this door ! Open this door ! Johansen ! I knew mutiny was our only chance for survival . But I also knew , by sealing that door , I was sealing the fate of the men locked behind it . By luck or the grace of God , we made it to Pearl Harbor . What happened to Sanford and the sick crewmen ? When they opened that door , those that were not dead were dying . There were 144 men on that boat . Only seven of us survived . Whatever killed them , I was allowed to live , to raise a family , to grow old . None of us ever got an explanation why . is this seat taken , Miss Kallenchuk ? Geraldine Kallenchuk , isn 't it ? Jerry , with a J. I noticed you flew first-class. lt must be good money selling classified government secrets . It 's a bull market , hon . And I 'm Miss Popular . Let 's make a deal . How much for the location of the P-51 you sold the French government ? Why should I tell you ? Actually , I 'd rather know who sold you the secrets . I 'm a middleman , Mr Mulder . Pardon my gender type . I take a cut , a thin slice off the top . - lt 'd be bad business to divulge my sources . - Why 'd you run off to Hong Kong ? - To meet with a buyer . - To sell him what ? - Pardon your gender type . - Oh , your buyer 's a woman ? Actually , you know , it 's none of your damn business . Actually , it is my damn business because whatever it is you 're selling is killing six sailors in California , which is why I 'm gonna arrest you . Arrest me ? With what ? Your chopsticks ? This is Hong Kong , Mr Mulder . They don 't allow handguns here . They took yours away at the airport . - Hey ! Hey , you can 't do that ! - l just did it . Now let 's make a deal . You 're violating my civil rights . You gave them up when you committed treason . You can 't force me to do anything ! Open it . Pardon my gender type , but after you . - Lights ? - Right here . Krycek. I thought guns were against the law here . Yeah , well , you know what they say . When guns are outlawed ... Why don 't you shoot yourself in your head like you shot my father ? Great . High Noon in Hong Kong . Why don 't you just shut up ! No ! Let me go ! - Open this door ! - No way to treat your business partner . Especially since she moves the secrets you 're selling so well . Looks like she 's your partner now . Damn . - ls the coffee hot ? - Yeah . - How 's the blue plate ? - Looks good . I 'll have one , medium rare , please . You got a pay phone that 's out of order . Nobody complains ? I 'm complaining . I 'm sorry , sir. I 'm sure it 's been called in . You 're sure . Meanwhile , I 'm going to miss the phone call . That 's gonna cost me time and money . Who 's gonna call that in ? I 'm sorry , sir. I don 't know what else to say . Say you 're gonna pay me the $ 1.75 the phone ate . - You 'll have to deal with the phone company . - You deal with them. I want my money . is there a problem here ? Yeah , there is a big problem ! ยก Chupa dura , amigo ! Oh , God ! I 'll call 911 ! - Scully . - This is Kim Cook from the director 's office . - Yes ? - We 've just got some bad news . AD Skinner has just been shot . - When ? - About an hour ago . He 's been taken to Northeast Georgetown . I 'm on my way . That 's for your partner . This is for me . And this is for my father . - l didn 't kill your father . - Now you tell me . - lt wasn 't me . - Yeah ? Then who was it ? I don 't know. I don 't ... Either way , Krycek , you 're a liar . Go on , finish it , Mulder . Come on , finish it . Do it ! I want that digital tape . - l don 't have it . - Like hell you don 't . It contains secrets you were selling and all our government knows on extraterrestrials . - How could I sell anything ? It was encrypted . - You found a way . I don 't have it . But ... I 'll give it to you if you let me go . Where is it ? DC . In a locker . If you let me go , I 'll tell ya . You put that tape in my hands and we 'll talk about it . Now go to the bathroom and clean yourself off . If you 're not outta there in three minutes , I 'm comin ' in there to kill you . - Feel better ? - Like a new man . Visiontext Subtitles : Natasha Cohn I made this ! US english
