 - All in favor . - Aye . All right . Starting Monday , the track around the athletic field will be closed to joggers at 8 : 30pm instead of 10 . Any other items before we call it a night ? Yeah . Uh ... I got wind that for the spring drama production Howard Roberts intends to put on Jesus Christ Superstar . You know how he is . Howard 's just trying to do things the kids like . My point exactly . I don 't think that play is appropriate for this high school . If he wants to be young , I have no problems with Grease or Annie , or ... - Doesn 't Grease have the f-word ? - Look , I 'll talk to Howard . Let 's adjourn till next week . Deborah , why don 't you lead us in the prayer . - Jim , the game is on . - lt 'll only take a minute . We 've been letting it slip . Paul , why don 't you get the door . In the name of the lords of darkness , rulers of the earth , kings of the underworld , I command the forces of darkness to bestow their infernal power upon me . May the black powers of our forefathers make us strong . Hail . Hail to the lords of darkness . - How much further ? - lt 's just up here . I heard the altar is a hollow stump . When they get freaked , you get Kate. I take Andrea . Those mittens are givin ' me a gingrich ! This is it . OK , I need a personal object from everyone . All right . Now , Andrea , you get to stand over here , and face Jerry , like this . - Closer . - Why like this ? Well , that 's so , uh ... that 's so that we 're calling the spirits up of every direction . Kate , you stand here and face me . Do you really think someone used this place for black magic ? Come on , Dave ! In the name of the lords of darkness , rulers of the earth , kings of the underworld , rise . Rise to this place . Uh , Azazel . Know ye all who dwell in the light of professed righteousness that the others who know the keys and the angels have opened the gate . - Forget this ! - Andrea ! Blessed art thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , Jesus ! Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death ! Andrea ! Wait ! A hunter found him early this morning . Couldn 't have been dead more than 12 hours . - They say this area is used by witches . - " They " ? Well , everybody around here knows about the things that go on . They say people control things . Any evidence to substantiate those rumors , Sheriff Oakes ? Agent Scully , look at the body . The eyes and heart have been cut out . Many homicides involve victim desecration . I know he and his friends listen to devil music . " The Night Chicago Died " ? You know what I mean . Those heavy-metal bands that influence kids . Was Jerry Stevens ever witnessed participating in witchcraft ? - No . - More rumors . This stump here is supposed to be the ceremonial altar . What do you think ? With turquoise chips , a picture of John Wayne and three cans of shellac , it 'd make a pretty nice coffee table . You see all that wax ? Someone 's been burning candles in there . - Any idea who Jerry Stevens was with ? - We assume he was alone . Most people don 't set out to drink two six-packs by themselves . I also found this. lt has purple ink on the edge like a library identification stamp . The end of the title says " in America . " l 'm surprised you people overlooked it . I 'm sorry , I ... I gotta apologize here . You 're right . I admit , we 're a little rattled here . That 's why I called the fbi . This may involve a deeper conspiracy . See , I grew up around here ... Ever since I was a kid I heard ... stories . This is a weird area. lt has a strange air that I could chalk up to imagination , till today . I 'll have my staff start checking libraries for you , Agent Scully . Better hide your Megadeth albums . Theories like that are why I can 't take him seriously . The homicide had a ceremonial presentation . The manner in which the body was displayed . I got the impression you didn 't believe him . I didn 't want to incite his aggravated imagination , but there is a weird feel to this place . Maybe there 's truth in the rumors . I think he incited your imagination . I think it 's nothing more than a murderer taking advantage of local folklore . There 's nothing odd about ... So ... - Lunch ? - Mulder , toads just fell from the sky ! I guess their parachutes didn 't open . You were saying something about this place not feeling odd ? The weather service says there are tornadoes in Massachusetts . The wind probably picked up the animals into the storm . " Witch Hunt : A History of the Occult in America . " That 's checked out to a Dave Duran . OK , people , may I have your attention , please ? Mr Kingery is out sick today , so I 'll be substituting . My name 's Mrs Paddock . I 'm gonna take the roll . fbi . We 'd like to speak with a Dave Duran . I 'm not into that stuff at all , I swear . Jerry was my best friend . Look , I swear I 've never done anything like that . What made you go to a place you heard was a witches ' altar ? We were just trying to get some . I told you . Why did you take the book ? I don 't know a thing about witchcraft , and we wanted it to sound good. I never thought ... You never thought what ? That it would work . If you didn 't kill Jerry Stevens , why did you run away from us ? I 'm scared , man . - Of us ? - Of it . That ceremony . I 'm afraid we called up some devil or something . One of you killed Jerry Stevens . Who ? He was displayed according to the rites of Azazel . Who else would know about the ritual ? - We stopped doing this because ... - l went out there . We were supposed to have a Mass . No one else showed , so I left . - lt wasn 't any of us . - Something is here . A presence amongst us ... angry . I can feel it . - You 're letting them go ? - There 's no evidence to warrant an arrest . - They never leave evidence . - We heard how Jerry died . An occult ritual . - They 've reached into our area from outside . - " They " again . Those three kids are obviously under a cult influence . They reach into our children , in music , television , books . They prey on children 's innocence . The fbi did a seven-year study and found no evidence of the existence of occult conspiracies . And J Edgar Hoover never admitted to the existence of the Mafia . If the murders attributed to occult conspiracies were true , it would mean thousands of people killing tens of thousands , without evidence , without being exposed . It would be the greatest criminal conspiracy in the history of civilization ! Finally ... you people understand what we 're up against . Our investigation is ongoing . Mulder , this is mass hysteria . And our presence here gives validity to their fears of occult murders . - The water . - What 's wrong with it ? It 's going down the drain counterclockwise . Coriolis force in the northern hemisphere dictates it should go down clockwise . - That isn 't possible . - Something is here , Scully . Something is making these things possible . Girls ... may I have a word ? I heard on the grapevine about what happened . I know how hard it is to talk to adults , even though you feel like you want to . Well , because you 're young adults ... What I 'm trying to say is , if you feel like talking , I 'm here to listen , OK ? - Thanks , Mrs Paddock . - Hang in there . Your records indicate a high incidence of students with depression , headaches , eating disorders ... This is high school. lt 's normal for students to display abnormal behavior . You 're familiar with the indications of repressed memory ? A headache doesn 't mean a repressed memory . In your counseling , you 've found no evidence of past ritual abuse ? None . Would it be possible for me to speak to students who 've had chronic complaints ? That would be a betrayal of the doctor / patient relationship . Sorry . He was pretty quick to dismiss my concerns . Maybe there 's nothing here . Or he 's hiding something . Take a look at this . I found this on the Internet . " The discovery of a mutilated teenage boy in the forest has police distressed about the possibility of an organization of dark forces . " Where 's that from ? The local paper ? " The Jew is known to remove organs and sacrifice teens in their religious ceremonies . " It 's taken from Võlkischer Beobachter . A Nazi newspaper in 1934 . Same rumors , but the blanks have been filled in with whoever is feared at the time . In this case it 's occultists . Modern witches , known as Wiccan , are a religion . They revere all life and nature . They do not cast harmful spells . They don 't worship Satan . The Church of Satan renounced murder and torture . Their influence here wouldn 't account for the frogs or the water , or , most importantly , the murder . Well , if not witches , then what ? For your final exam , your grade will be based on your diagram of a dissected pig embryo . These are actually hog embryos , belonging to the order of the artiodactyl , or creatures with hooves . Be sure to remove the heart and lungs and draw diagrams . Be neat . Extra credit will be given for dissecting the heart . You have until the end of the period . I 'll cut it open , if you do the heart . OK . I 've had this happen before . Some kids just have trouble dissecting things . Shannon , I 'm trying to reach your father and get him to pick you up . No ! - l 'm sure he 'll be here soon . - No ! - Shannon ! - Shannon , honey , come back ! Shannon ! You 're remembering ! Tell me what you remember . You , um ... know who my stepdad is , right ? Jim Ausbury on the PTC . All right , well ... My mom , she 's a teacher . Well ... was a teacher . My real dad , he , um ... He ran away . And ... my mom met Jim at some seminar or something . And they , um ... they got married . My sister and I moved up here when I was about , um ... four . She was about two . Anyway , a couple of weeks ago , my class , we took a field trip to what they call the American Stonehenge . And ... I remember , when I was four years old , Jim ... took me in his car ... near there . And he , um ... he made me ... in the back seat . He told me that , if I ever told anybody , he would hurt me . As he touched me , you know , I would pretend like I was out of my body , deep in the ocean , down with the fish , in the dark water . Somehow I managed to block out all these things . But ... lately it 's all been ... I 'm remembering , you know ? The others , too . Others ? Yeah . Men and women . They would , um , come to the house , you know , when my mom was away . And they would take me down to the basement . It was really dark. lt was , like , painted red with a dirt floor . They would wear these robes , black and red . And they would sing and they would chant . And then they would tie me and my sister up . These men and women , they would make us do things . They called me a breeder . They would get me pregnant and then they would kill the babies . I 've had three children , and they 're all buried in the cellar . One night Jim murdered my sister for a sacrifice . She was only eight years old ! He told everybody that she 'd died in an accident . Today brought it all back , clear like it happened yesterday . Imagine if what she said is true . Why don 't we just wait and see what her parents have to say . Where 's Shannon ? They told me you were bringing her home . She wanted to remain with friends . Under the circumstances , we thought it best . Circumstances ? Why wouldn 't she want to come home ? Someone , or something , has obviously put these things into her mind . Mrs Ausbury , perhaps you 'd like a glass of water ? Yeah . Thank you . Mr Ausbury ... Mrs Ausbury , your daughter has not accused you of any involvement in these activities . Do you have any idea why Shannon might have said these things ? Jim and I have been having marriage problems lately . We 're committed to working them out . Maybe we don 't pay enough attention to Shannon . She and I don 't ... We don 't get along . We fight . Have you ever known Shannon to be pregnant ? Of course not ! She 's fifteen years old ! - How can you possibly believe ... - Have you ever had another child ? A girl . Theresa . She died . At eight years old ? Eight weeks , with crib death . Did you do it ? I would kill ... anyone ... who did the things to her that she claims . Not a very Christian tenet . Thou , God of vengeance , shine forth ! Even the devil can quote scripture to fit his needs . How dare you ! Get out of our house ! As far as I know , you put those ideas in my daughter 's head . Now get out ! The devil travels in many forms . And you may be one ! Are you sure you 're up to this , Shannon ? I heard about what you said . I 'll be OK. I don 't wanna miss the final . I 'll be in my office , if you 're feeling funny . You ought to remove yourjewelry . You wouldn 't want to lose it in some pig 's guts . I 'll hold it until you 're finished . I heard the chair and a crash and I came running out of the office . Did you see anybody leaving the room ? Did you hear the door open ? I lock the doors after school when I 'm alone. I ... I get afraid . I feel a dark angel is amongst us . It wants a sacrifice . It 's been years since ... since we 've done that . Exactly . Exactly . We haven 't kept our faith . Are any of you ... responsible for my daughter ? We all are . She was sacrificed for us . It 's a portent . Shannon 's death allows us to get rid of the police , the fbi ... lt can all be blamed on her . Jim ... you tell them she had a thing for Jerry Stevens . She killed him out ofjealousy . She cut out his eyes ... because she couldn 't stand to have him look at another girl . And his heart ... because she was heartbroken . But when they leave , and are gone , we must rekindle our faith ... rather than lose it . I never imagined she would hurt herself . I 'm old-fashioned , Agent Scully . I can 't believe that children are capable of such things as they are these days . She wanted me to hold that for her . Excuse me . Her office has a faint odor of incense . - She says it stops the smell of formaldehyde . - lt 's also used in Black Mass rituals . I must admit , there are some oddities to her story . What do you mean , " oddities " ? The man she replaced has taken two sick days in a 15-year career . The morning of Jerry Stevens ' murder , Mr Kingery developed necrotizing fasciitis . - Flesh-eating bacteria ? That 's very rare . - l know . And when I questioned the staff about Mrs Paddock , no one can even recall hiring her . Oh , look , I 'm even getting caught up in this . I 'm sure Mrs Paddock 's arrival and the teacher 's sickness is just a coincidence . The fact that no one recalls hiring her is an oversight . This is something we should get caught up in . I 'll search the Ausbury house . I 've been told they 're staying with friends . You check Mrs Paddock . Power 's out . My religion , my family , Agent Mulder , goes back in this town seven generations . They fled persecution from people being persecuted . All in the name of religion . I was raised to believe Christianity was synonymous with hypocrisy . Man 's natural tendency was to " do what thou willst , " not " do unto others . " We believe man is nothing but an animal . No better , no worse , than those that walk on four legs . And although I believed our faith kept us powerful in the community - wealthy , good health - I came to see hypocrisy in the others . In me . When they told me to blame my dead daughter ... for Jerry Stevens ' death , my reaction ... I was sick ... that they would vilify an innocent , someone I loved , just to protect themselves . And , at that moment , I knew I am better than an animal . That my ... previous beliefs ... were responsible ... for her no longer being with us . And that it was time to talk to you . Clean . - Did you abuse Shannon ? - Never sexually . And the rituals ? The blood of the young is considered very powerful . We 'd include them in the ceremonies , against their will . They were too young to be trusted not to talk , but we never physically hurt them . We 'd slip over the ancient rituals that we didn 't want to do . Like drinking grape juice instead of wine at Communion ? What about Shannon 's memories ? We 'd perform a sort of posthypnotic suggestion that repressed their memories . When they came of age - 18 , 21 - then they were made aware of the religion and brought into its practice . When she recalled the past events , she must 've mixed up reality with ... with that crap that 's on Geraldo and the tabloids . Did the others kill Jerry Stevens ? Shannon ? No . But you are responsible . You knew the possibilities contained in your beliefs , no matter how watered down . Did you really think you could call up the devil and ask him to behave ? Who are the others ? - Yeah ? - Mulder , the school. I 'm in trouble . Scully ? We 've got an emergency . I 'm placing you under arrest . I 'll be back for you later . - Scully ? - Mulder , what 's wrong ? - You called . You said you were in trouble . - No , I didn 't touch the phone . Ausbury confessed to conspiracy . He 'll name everybody involved . Parents . Teachers . I checked on Mrs Paddock 's background . I don 't think she 's involved . My God ! Do you think it 's some kind of acid ? There 's no evidence of any reaction with the wood from the acid . There are tracks in the dirt , like from a snake . That 's impossible . It would take a large python hours to consume and weeks to digest a human being . You really do watch the Learning Channel . Scully ... snakeskin . There 's a python in Paddock 's room . Sheriff Oakes called me . Jim Ausbury is dead . He was talking to the fbi . Did they kill him ? You know who killed him . Ausbury was no believer . He had no real faith . No devotion . He was punished for his doubts . We have to act , or the same will happen to us , if it 's not already too late . We have to assume Jim told them who we are . If Mulder knows , it will make the offering all the more meaningful . They 're here . Lock the office . My keys . They were in my pocket . Mulder ... Mrs Paddock ... ? What happened ? I ... I came back . They were taking the snake . Mrs Brown , Mr Vitaris ... there are things about them I learned . - l think they killed that boy . - We know about them . Conference room. lt 's all there . The paramedics must be tied up by the storm . Just stay there , Mrs Paddock . We 're gonna lock the door . Just stay still. I 'll be back . It 'll make the blood easier to clean up . Dominus inferus vobiscum . Et cum tuo . Sursum corda . You 're right. lt is already too late . Oh , God ! Mulder , did you see his expression ? It was as if something had control of him . Paddock . Mrs Paddock ? Mulder . Subtitles by Visiontext I made this ! US english
