 " l foresee a romantic affair between superstar Madonna and superwitness Kato Kaelin . " That 's a gimme . That 's not really going out on a limb , is it ? " l foresee author JD Salinger finally publishing a new novel and hitting the talk-show circuit to promote it . " That 's just playing the odds . " l foresee the revelation that not Elvis , but rather Buddy Holly , is still alive , having faked his own death so many years ago . " " Holly will not only reemerge , but also regroup with the Crickets , and they will headline in next year 's Lollapala ... " " Lollapaz ... pazoola . " What the hell is " Lollapallazo " ? Who 's Buddy Holly ? Just give me my lotto ticket and a pint of malt Scotch whiskey . - Anything else ? - Yeah . One of these . - Sorry . - Don 't apologize . You 're a better dancer than my last date . So what has brought you to Madame Zelma ? Well , can you really know everything about me just by looking at my hands ? The palms tell me all . I would just like for you to be able to tell me why am I going to be doing the things that I 'm going to be doing ? Madame Zelma , she is a palm reader , not a psychologist . I know , I know. lt 's just ... I think I 've somehow caught a glimpse of my own future ... myself . And I see me doing things that ... thatjust seem so out of character for me . These are things that not only do I not wanna be doing , but I can 't even imagine myself capable of doing . And , yet , there I am. I 'm doing ' em . Mister ... - Please , you 're hurting me . - l know. I know . And I 'm sorry . But you 're a fortune-teller . - No . Please ... - You should 've seen this coming . They say the eyes capture the last image a murder victim sees . - So what do they say about the entrails ? - Yuck . is it true you asked for help on this case ? - This guy 's an expert at this sort of thing . - l heard he was a bit unorthodox . - He comes highly recommended . - Yeah , I saw him on TV . - So he 's a publicity hound . He gets results . - l worked on a case he did . Very spooky . As long as he gives us leads , I don 't care how big a kook ... - Who the hell are you ? - l 'm Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . I forgot you were coming . I 'm Cline . This is Havez . We 're thinkin ' this guy might be a Satanist , what with the eyeballs . Satanists take the eyeballs and leave the body , and not in anything but modern myths . - He 's gouging eyes for no reason ? - Nobody does anything without a reason . We 've composed a profile with explanations of his attacks and also his choice of victims . - Does it explain the entrails ? - Anthropomancy . It was once believed that you could divine your future by studying human entrails . So this guy is hacking ' up people in order to see his future ? There 's a possible connection with all his victims being prognosticators . Till this one . She was a doll collector . And an amateur tasseographer . She read tea leaves . You can gain insight into your future by examining the pattern on the bottom of the cup . - You believe in this ? - l 'm not convinced . - But I 'm pretty sure the victim was . - Why ? Her leaves were telling her she was about to be murdered . I 'm sorry , people . - Mr Yappi ! - You 're gonna have to stand back . - Mr Yappi , I appreciate you coming here . - Quiet . Yes , I 'm seeing visions . Visions of the killer . He does not feel like he 's in control of his life . Very important . That 's why he kills . Yes . - Can you see what he looks like ? - He looks like a white man with facial hair ... or not . But he has , yes , a tattoo somewhere on his body . Maybe the tattoo has the facial hair , I think . I see him here , forcing himself , yes , on the girl . But he cannot perform , so he 's taking out his rage . It 's gone. I lost the vision . Someone is blocking me . I am picking up negative energy . - Please , leave this room . - l 'm part of this investigation . - You give off negative energy . - l assure you , I believe in psychic ability . So you say with your mouth , but your thoughts tell me the truth . Agent Mulder , please . I can 't take you anywhere . Now , excuse me. I have an interview to give . Skeptics like you make me sick . Mr Yappi , read this thought . So 's your old man ! It 's too bad about your negative energy . You missed quite a performance . - Look what he did to my pen . - Let me impress you with my psychic ability . Mr Yappi proclaimed the victim 's body was near water . He saw a church or school in the vicinity . He got a flash of the letter S and the number 7 . - What 's your point ? - His leads are so vague as to be useless , yet easily seen as correct after the fact . He said the killer doesn 't feel in control of his life . - That 's true of everyone at times . - He said other things . Some are bound to be right , but most will turn out wrong . Which is which ? Look , all I know is that Yappi has provided more solid leads on this case than you have . Now , if you don 't mind , I have to get an APB out on a white male , 17 to 34 , with or without a beard , maybe a tattoo , who 's impotent . Let 's go . Might as well go home , Mulder . This case is as good as solved . So General Mutual has a very comprehensive $ 200,000 life policy at a net annual cost of $ 2400 . You see , the thing is , we were really hoping to buy a boat . Mr Gordon , as a young husband , you 'll find that your new responsibilities take precedence over recreational needs . But this is a really good boat . You don 't get it , do you , kid ? Two years from now , while driving down Route 91 , coming home to your wife and baby daughter , you 're gonna be hit head-on by a drunk , driving a blue ' 87 Mustang . You 'll end up looking worse than 60 feet of bad road your body slides across after flying out your front windshield . Mister , you really need to work on your closing technique . No , no . Not your lighter , Mrs Lowe . I want your garbage . Get outta here , you monster . is everything all right , Mrs Lowe ? You have enough supplies ? Enough dog food ? Oh , God . It 's creepy , isn 't it ? The Stupendous Yappi said the first victim 's body has been dumped . - Then we find it in a Dumpster . - Ooh , I just got a chill down my spine . Who found the body ? According to the report , Mr Bruckman , you didn 't touch the body after you found her . - Why would I want to ? - You reported a body with its eyes cut out . The body was facedown . How did you know the eyes had been removed ? Well , they had been , hadn 't they ? Then what are you complaining about ? How had the eyes been cut out ? By a piece of crystal ball , of all cockamamie things . We did find some crystal shards on the body . How do you know it was from a crystal ball ? Well , itjust figures. I mean , if a guy goes to kill a fortune-teller , he 's obviously going to assault her with her own crystal ball and use a shattered piece as a sort of lance , isn 't he ? How much have you heard about the recent slayings in town ? Just that some nut is killing fortune-tellers and ripping their eyes and entrails out . How did you know about the entrails ? That hasn 't been released to the press . I never read the papers . Too depressing . Mr Bruckman , I 'm sorry , but I 'm going to have to ask you to come with us . Step inside , Mr Bruckman . - What is this all about ? - A murder occurred here earlier this evening . We believe it was committed by the person who murdered the woman that you found . - ls there anything you can tell us ? - l didn 't do it . You 're not under suspicion . But I do harbor a suspicion that you can see things about this crime . - Things that we can 't see . - l 'm not sure I understand what you mean . I think you do . Yeah , yeah , right. I 'd like to see both your badges again , right now . I don 't blame you , Mr Bruckman . I 'm supposed to believe that 's a real name ? What is this all about ? I found a dead body in my Dumpster . I reported it to the police and now , suddenly , I 'm accused of doing things , or being able to do things , that I couldn 't possib ... Pinch me . He 's performing the same routine as The Stupendous Yappi , just in a different style . No , something told me , something is telling me this guy 's for real . So now you 're psychic ? The killer , he doesn 't feel like he 's in control of his own life . I mean , like , who is ? Am I right ? But this guy , he truly believes ... he sees himself as some kind of a ... puppet . Can you describe him ? Do you get a visual impression of him ? So you can see into him , but not at him ? I didn 't mean to give off any negative energy . Negative energy ? What is this ? What is it ? What do you see ? He 's having sex with her . There . - ls he raping her ? - No , no , no , not at all . In fact , she 's instigating the whole thing . Then what 's wrong ? Sometimes itjust seems that everyone 's having sex except for me . Can you tell us why the killer is murdering people in the way that he is ? Why does anyone do the things they do ? Why do I sell insurance ? I wish I knew . Why did this woman collect dolls ? What was it about her life ? Was it one specific moment where she suddenly said : I know , dolls . Or was it a whole series of things , starting when her parents first met , that somehow combined in such a way that she had no choice but to be a doll collect ... You 'll find a woman tomorrow morning ... by the fat , little , white , Nazi storm trooper . Glenview Lake . Her body 's floating in Glenview Lake . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I think I 've seen enough deaths for one night . - OK , go . - We got her ! One more . Here we go . Doesn 't that propane tank bear more than a slight resemblance to a fat , little , white , Nazi storm trooper ? Mulder , the human mind naturally seeks meaningful patterns in things that don 't inherently have any . Given the suggestion of an image , you can 't help but see that shape . If that tank weren 't there , you 'd see it in a rock or tree . Did you answer my question ? Yes , it looks like a Nazi storm trooper , but that only proves my point . - He named the water the victim would be in . - That only implies that he put her in there . - l don 't believe he 's the killer . - l don 't believe he 's psychic . If he 's neither , how did he know where the body would be ? Maybe he 's just lucky . .. 38 , 40 and 44 . - Once again , the numbers are : 8 , 12 ... - Why ? Why do I do this to myself ? Come in . I knew it was you . I know why you 're here . You 're here because you found that woman 's body where l told you it would be . And now you 're convinced I have some sort of psychic power . So while your skeptical lady partner is off performing an autopsy , you came here to ask my help catching this serial murderer . Everything you said is correct . Oh , it 's you . I won 't help you . Please leave . - But you do admit to having this gift . - l got it all right . The only problem is it 's nonreturnable . Your ability has staggering implications upon physics and human consciousness . It 's one which most people would be envious of , yet you seem to treat it with disdain . Do you wanna know how you 're going to die ? Yes , I would . No , you don 't . Not knowing has its own drawbacks , which is why a good insurance policy is so important . I don 't know what kind of coverage the fbi has , but General Mutual has ... This murderer has already committed four homicides . He 'll commit more whether I help you or not . - How can you be so sure ? - How could I see the future if it didn 't exist ? But if the future is written , then why bother to do anything ? Now you 're catching on . Mr Bruckman , I believe in your ability , but not your attitude . I can 't watch people die without doing everything in my albeit unsupernatural power to interfere . Well , you see , that 's another reason I can 't help you catch this guy . I might adversely affect the fate of the future . His next victim might be the mother of the daughter whose son invents the time machine . Then the son goes back in time and changes world history . And then Columbus never discovers America , man never lands on the moon , the US never invades Grenada . Or something less significant resulting in the fact that my father never meets my mother and consequently I 'm never born . So when do we start ? I don 't know what it is , but it belonged to a victim . That 's a hit . In psychical parlance , a correct guess is a " hit . " An incorrect guess is a " miss . " The guy who cast the mold for this will die of prostate cancer at the age of 82 . - Hit or miss ? - l have no way of verifying that information . Then why 'd you ask me ? Do you receive any other impressions from it ? It 's ugly . Next . - l was told you were interrogating a suspect . - l 'm now convinced of our psychic 's ability . Or , rather , his one ability . He is able to divine how people are gonna die , but that 's all . He can 't provide any practical information . I got it . This is yours . This is from your New York Knicks T-shirt . Miss . This is worse than playing the lotto . Try reading this . - Save me the headache , Scully . What is it ? - lt was found on the woman from the lake . identical key chains were found on two other victims . I managed to trace the insignia to an investment firm called Uranus Unlimited . They provide market strategies based on astrological forecasts. lt 's owned by ... Claude Dukenfield : age 43 , 316 Roundview Lane , divorced with two children , makes about $ 87,000 a year , nonsmoker . - ls that a hit or a miss ? - As far as I know , it 's correct . You got all that information by handling that key chain ? No. I sold him a policy a couple of months ago . It 's just a coincidence . In any case , we 're trying to get a hold of him . You won 't be able to do that . He 's been murdered . - We 're almost there . - How are you receiving this information ? - How should I know ? - l mean , are you seeing it in a vision ? Or is it a sensation ? How do you know where to go ? I just know . - But how do you know ? - l don 't know . Look , it 's just up ahead . There are worse ways to go , but I can 't think of a more undignified one than autoerotic asphyxiation . Why are you telling me that ? Look , forget I mentioned it . It 's none of my business . Pull over here . Stop . Stop , stop , stop . This is the spot . I guess you run into a lot of dead bodies in your line of work . You get used to it . I never have. I 'm not sure you 're supposed to . Do you remember the first time you foresaw someone 's death ? - 1959 . - What happened in 1959 ? - Buddy Holly 's plane crashed . - You prognosticated Buddy Holly 's death ? God , no . Why would I wanna do that ? But I did have a ticket to see him perform the next night . Actually , I was a bigger fan of the Big Bopper than Buddy Holly . " Chantilly Lace , " that was the song . I 'm not following . The Big Bopper was not supposed to be on the plane with Buddy Holly . He won the seat from somebody else by flipping ' a coin for it . - l 'm still not following . - lmagine all the things that had to occur , not only in his life but in everybody else 's , to arrange it so that on that particular night the Big Bopper would be in a position to live or die depending on a flippin ' coin . I became so obsessed with that idea that I gradually became capable of seeing the specifics of everybody 's death . I 'm not one who readily believes in that kind of thing. lf l was , I wouldn 't believe that story . I know it sounds crazy , but I swear it 's true . I was a bigger fan of the Big Bopper than Buddy Holly . - Where 's the body ? - Yeah , I don 't understand how you know that this is the exact area but you can 't pinpoint the exact spot . I guess I can 't see the forest for the trees . OK , now ! I 'm glad I could bring a little smile into your life . I 'm not smiling , I 'm wincing . - What is this ? - The only evidence from Dukenfield 's body . That fiber may have come from something the killer was wearing . Don 't you have crime labs that analyze these things ? - Yes . Yes , we do . - lt 'll take them time to provide information . A similar fiber was on an earlier victim . We 're waiting for the lab to determine its source . - You 'd be saving us a great deal of work . - Look , I 've got my own work to do . I 'm not a crime fighter by trade . Mr Bruckman , I can 't speak for my partner , but I 'm desperate . For some insurance . General Mutual has some very comprehensive coverage ... No , I can 't tell you where this is from , but the killer 's gonna kill more people before you catch him . - Can you see him physically yet ? - No . No , just more insight into his character , which I know you hate . He thinks he 's psychic . - ls he ? - l hope not . I 've seen things he 's seen . Like what ? What does he see ? You . He sees you trying to catch him . Where does this take place ? In a kitchen . You 're looking around for someone . He 's behind you now , but you don 't know it , and he 's stalking towards you and ... - Oh , God ! - What ? What do you see ? He 's got a knife. it 's got blood on it . - Why don 't I see him ? What am I doing ? - You 're looking down . You stepped in a pie that 's fallen to the floor . The killer comes up to you and ... - Coconut cream . - What ? The pie - coconut cream . Or is it lemon meringue ? - l don 't know. I 'm not sure. lt 's hazy . - Whatever . Please continue . As you 're looking down ... he comes up with the knife and ... Banana cream . Definitely banana cream . All right , I 'm looking down at this banana-cream pie and then what ? He sees himself ... coming up to you from behind ... And ? And what does he see ? Nothing . The visions of a madman . You got all that from this ? How am I supposed to get anything from this tiny little thing ? This came in the mail today . Who 's it from ? The killer . " Like our lives , this is a mere formality to let you know I know that you know . " " Can 't wait till our first meeting when I kill you , not before you explain some things . " " First on the list : why in the world did I send you this letter ? Sincerely , you know who . " " PS : say hi to the fbi agents . " Hi . He must have been at the crime scenes and seen us . No , this is postmarked the day before Mr Bruckman joined our investigation . You have to come with us . We gotta get you outta here . Look , I 'll be dead before you catch this guy no matter what you do . You 've come to me because you 're searching for someone . But don 't worry . This person will find you . It 's a relative or a close friend . Actually , a guy I 'm gonna kill . Ah , yes , it 's clearer now . You seek answers from a special man who possesses a special wisdom . This is real cream , not the phoney stuff. I know the difference . And the chocolate , very rich . Look at these cute little doilies they put everything on . Are you sure you don 't wannajoin me ? - So what are you doing ? - Studying background checks . This is what detective work is really like . We can 't come up with suspects by having visions . Jealous ? You 're very confused right now . Nothing seems to make sense to you . You don 't know why you do the things that you do . But your confusion is soon to come to an abrupt end with the arrival of a woman . A blonde or a brunette . Maybe a redhead . There 's something you haven 't explained . Can you see your own end ? I see our end . We end up in bed together . I 'm ... I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't have said that . I don 't mean to offend you or scare you . Not here , not this bed . I just meant I see us quite clearly in bed together . You 're holding my hand very tenderly . You 're looking at me with such compassion and I feel ... Tears are streaming down my face . I feel so grateful . This is just a very special moment neither of us will ever forget . Mr Bruckman , there are hits and there are misses . And then there are misses . I just call ' em as I see ' em . Wow. I 'm really impressed . I 've been to a lot of fortune-tellers , but by far you 're the best . There 's still one more card left . This card 's not meant for me . It 's yours . So Ahab mistakes the prophecy and , as a result , dies . - A similar fate happens to Macbeth . - Still , you 're not the least bit curious ? That must be Mulder . Time for the midnight shift . All right . So how do I die ? You don 't . Get this , Scully . The lab analysis from the first bit of fiber came back . - lt 's lace . - Chantilly lace ? You know what I like . It 's not likely that the killer was wearing anything made out of Chantilly lace . - But the Big Bopper , Chantilly lace ... - lt 's a coincidence . If they 're just coincidences , why do they feel so contrived ? That 's one to pose to the psychic philosopher . Good night , Mulder . Am I keeping you awake ? I 'm waiting for you to ask me another one of those psychic-ability questions . I 've had dreams where l had a vision and then later on I 've seen that vision in reality . And , as a psychic , have you ever had prophetic dreams like that ? I have only one dream . I dream it every night . You 're not one of those people who turns everything - into a sexual symbol , are you ? - No . No , I 'm not a Freudian , no . I 'm lying naked ... in a field of red tulips . I 'm not concerned with where l am or how I got there . I 'm at peace . And it 's then that I realize I 'm dead . My body begins to turn a greenish white with spots of purple . Next , the insects arrive . The inevitable follows : putridity and liquescence . Before I know it , I 'm nothing but bones . When I start fading to dust , I lose whatever care I might have had about my clothes . And as I begin to feel myself slipping away towards I know not what , I wake up . Well , good night . Mulder , there 's ... - Are you OK ? - Yeah. I just didn 't sleep well . What 's up ? Havez is gonna stay with Bruckman while we go to a tarot reader around the corner . There 's been another murder . I 'm losing patience with our psychic . What good are his prophecies ? - They 're not preventive . - l 'm starting to feel more sympathetic to him . - So you 're convinced he 's a psychic now ? - No , not really . Sorry , ma 'am . I am convinced that by thinking he can see the future he 's taken the joy out of his life . So then the priest says to the rabbi ... - " l had it set for quail . " - Yeah . Hey , I thought you said you hadn 't heard that one before . I hadn 't . Hey , is it true that you can see how people are gonna die ? I mean , can you ... see how I 'm going to die ? Lung cancer ? Thank God . Hey , I gotta go visit your rest room for a second . Don 't open that door for anybody . Oh , God . Was that not enough of a tip ? They brought you right to me . Right to where l work . What are the chances of that happening ? - Astronomical. lt 's beyond believability . - But not impossibility . I mean , after all , here we are . It 's funny how things work out sometimes , isn 't it ? I 'll say . So there 's something I 've wanted to ask you for some time now . You 've seen the things I do in the past and in the future . - They 're terrible things . - l know they are . So tell me , please , why have I done them ? Don 't you understand yet , son ? Don 't you get it ? You do the things you do because you 're a homicidal maniac . That ... That does explain a lot , doesn 't it ? It 's all starting to make sense now . No . You don 't kill me now . I don 't ? Why not ? How should I know ? We 've either got a copycat killer or our guy 's getting lackadaisical . Not only did he leave the body , but he didn 't even bother to remove the eyes . If my Miss Manners serves me right , that protrusion from his left cornea is a salad fork . Something tells me we 're gonna get prints off it . - Mulder , I 've found another strand of silk . - We got more than that this time . - We got fingerprints , a footprint even . - This is more like it . No more psychics and their vague visions . We don 't even need our own hunches . This case is now about old-fashioned police work . It 's the bellhop . He 's the killer . The bellhop at the hotel . How the hell does she know that ? Woman 's intuition . Havez ? Mr Bruckman ? Hey ! Drop it ! Hey , that 's not the way it 's supposed to happen . - How did you know where to find us ? - l didn 't . - l got in the service elevator by mistake . - Thank heaven for happenstance . None of Bruckman 's prophecy came true . The killer didn 't get to him first , but he did kill Havez . Then Bruckman 's all right ? - Actually , I don 't know. I couldn 't find him . - Then where is he ? " Miss Scully . " " My neighbor passed away last night . " " Please see that the remains of her remains are taken care of . " " Would you like a dog ? He is well-behaved , regardless of his actions last night , which you can 't really blame him for . " Well , here 's another nice mess you 've gotten me into . - Well , I couldn 't help it . - Let 's get back to Peoria where we belong . Do you want to know the future ? Do you want to know what lies ahead ? Then call me , The Stupendous Yappi . For years , I have entertained audiences with my psychic abilities . I have been consulted by Hollywood stars , police departments , even presidents . I can be your personal psychic consultant . Do you want to know if you will get that promotion ? Do you want to know if your marriage will be successful ? Do you want to know where you will meet your true love ? Then call me at 1-900-555-YAPP . The future 's close at hand and so is your phone . So to hear tomorrow 's secrets today , just pick it up . I know you will. I can see your future . Visiontext Subtitles : Helen Stewart I made this ! US english
