 This is it ? I just sign this and it 's done ? As soon as I file it with the city clerk . This pen . She gave it to me . It was an anniversary present . - l don 't remember which one . - Walter , they are expecting the documents by the end of business - ten minutes ago . - l know what time it is . - Then you should sign . - What are you doing , Walter ? - After 17 years , they can wait another day . Listen , no one knows better than I what an emotional experience this is . Don 't lawyer me , Jane . - l 'll do it tomorrow . - Why go through another day of this ? I said tomorrow . Excuse me . Are you holding this for someone ? It 's the only open seat . Go ahead . Good evening . What can I get you ? Tonic water with lime , please . Sir , would you like another one ? Sure . Thanks . For what ? Ordering another drink ? There 's a man behind me wearing a red tie . For some reason , he felt compelled to tell me half his life story . I was afraid if you got up , he might try to get in the other half . I guess some people think that you owe 'em something just cos you 're out alone . Does that ever bother you ? What ? Being alone . OK . Excuse me , sir . Excuse me . Thank you . - l 'm looking for Detective Waltos . - Who 's asking ? I work with Assistant Director Skinner . I 'd like to speak with him . After he gives his statement . We 'll finish at the station house . - Why don 't you just get a statement here ? - He 's suffering from a minor memory lapse . - Yeah . - l just got your message . - You said Skinner called in a homicide ? - lt 's a little more complicated than that . - lt seems like he had a front-row seat . - l don 't understand . I don 't understand it either . They 're not letting me talk to him . Hold on . Excuse me , sir ? I appreciate your concern , but there 's no need for you to get involved in this . Detective . Detective . Can you at least tell me what happened ? What does he say happened ? He claims he met the victim in the bar . After a couple of drinks , they decided to get a room . All fine , except when he wakes up , he finds her lying next to him with a broken neck . - That 's all he says he remembers . - You don 't believe him ? He refused to take a polygraph test . It 's not helping his credibility . - Has the victim been identified ? - She had no purse , nothing with a name on . - There must be evidence of an intruder . - Agent Mulder , I 've been on the job 18 years . - l know the drill . - You should be canvassing employees ... I appreciate that he 's your colleague , but I want you to understand somethin ' . He 's also a suspect . Detective , when you 're done questioning him , I 'd appreciate a call . All right . - Did you get any of that ? - Most of it . Mulder , I 'm on my way . No , I want you to take a look at that body . Get down to the coroner 's. I 'll meet you there . The conspicuous absence of any contusions or lacerations would strongly suggest that the victim 's injuries were sustained without a struggle . I would have to concur with the county coroner 's report that her murder was probably a sudden and violent act in a vulnerable moment . Beyond this , I 've found nothing to recommend further investigation . - Beyond what ? - Her spinal cord was crushed . The cervical vertebrae was fractured in what appears to be manual trauma . - Were Skinner 's the only prints on the body ? - So far . They found no semen samples . There was some irritation , probably an allergic reaction to latex . At least they were having safe sex . - Have they learned anything more ? - Yeah . Her name was Carina Sayles . She was a legal secretary for a criminal defense firm here in town . - Have you talked to anybody there ? - One of the partners . She was fired a few weeks ago over an indiscretion . - An indiscretion ? - She was doing some moonlighting . - A little work for one of the firm 's clients . - What kind of work ? This client operated an escort service . She was a prostitute . - Gimme five minutes here . - l 'll get the car . Addendum . Observed what appears to be a residual phosphorescence around the victim 's mouth and nose . Note to have this analyzed . - Yes ? - Lorraine Kelleher ? - She 's busy right now . Can I help you ? - Busy or not , we need to speak with her . I 'll tell her you 're here . Lorraine . - Business must be booming . - l think you mean banging . Whatever this is about , can we do it later ? I 'm running late for an appointment . We 'd like to ask you some questions about an employee of yours : Carina Sayles . She does work for you , doesn 't she ? - l 'm ten minutes late for a meeting with her . - l don 't think she 's gonna make that meeting . - Why not ? - She 's dead . She was murdered last night . - How ? - That 's what we 're still trying to determine . I ... - l don 't know what to say . - Tell us if she was working last night . - lf she was , who paid for her company ? - l 'm afraid I can 't do that . - l guess that would hurt future book sales . - You 'd be surprised who some clients are . - l don 't think I would be . - l doubt they 'd wanna get entangled - in a homicide investigation . - We just need one name from you . Who hired Carina Sayles ? Let 's just say you both work for the government . And so do I . Cut the crap . Who hired her ? She called me last night . She said that she 'd met someone in a bar who was interested in a transaction . - l took his credit card . - Then you have his name . Walter Skinner . Thank you . - What the hell was he thinkin ' ? - ltjust doesn 't seem like him . - You 'd think he 'd be a little more discreet . - The lack of discretion is the least of his sins . Still not enough to prove anything . No , but that doesn 't mean that we can discount the evidence . - You really believe Skinner did this ? - l feel the same way as you do , but we were shown a dated record with his credit card number on it . - Credit card fraud happens every day . - He was with her at the time of her death . He 's offered us no explanation or alibi . Truth is , we don 't know very much about him . What he does off-duty , who he really is ... We know that he 's put his ass on the line for us a number of times . - We owe it to him to find out what happened . - Even if it means proving his guilt ? Yeah . Mulder . - Thank you . - Who was that ? Detective Waltos . Skinner 's been released on his own recognizance . - Sir . - This doesn 't concern either of you . - Of course it concerns us . - Why won 't you tell us what happened , sir ? Read the police report if you 're really that curious . Does it explain why you refused to take a polygraph test ? Or why there 's a prostitute in the morgue with your fingerprints all over her ? You didn 't know she was a prostitute , did you ? What are you doin ' , you jerk ? Walter . I just heard what happened . I was coming to see you . Do you know him ? I used to think so . I 'm Sharon Skinner. I 'm his wife . We were just a little caught off guard . Neither of us even knew that he was married . He never told us . One of the things Walter has always been good at is keeping secrets . We haven 't been together for almost eight months . Has he always been such a private person ? It 's more than that . He lives under this misguided notion that silence is strength . He 's built a wall to keep everyone out . - including you ? - Especially me . is that why you were separated ? Yeah , I just realized one day that we were no longer married . We 'd become roommates instead . We were paying the bills , taking out the garbage ... And I couldn 't live like that anymore . 'Scuse me . Scully . You were one of the few people that Walter ever mentioned from work . Not that he said much . But , from the way he talked , I could tell he respected you . That 's probably why I feel that I can ask you . - Ask me what ? - lf Walter really killed that woman . Sorry . Mulder , we 've gotta go . You 've got our numbers if you need to reach us . You still haven 't answered my question . No. I don 't think he did it . What 's going on here ? - Agents Mulder and Scully ? - That 's right . I 'm Special Agent Bonnecaze . I 've been called up from the Norfolk field office to coordinate this inquiry . Well , last time I checked , rifling through a man 's office was considered an invasion of privacy . We 're operating under guidelines specified by the Office of Professional Conduct . - A protocol you 've opted to disregard . - What do you mean ? I want you to make yourselves available tomorrow . Available for what ? A formal hearing regarding AD Skinner 's case . What case ? He hasn 't even been charged yet . The hearing is to assess and determine his ability to continue as assistant director . In the meantime we 're appointing our own investigators to pursue any criminal case . I must ask you to stop looking into this . In case we turn up evidence that might support his innocence ? Any evidence you may have obtained , you 'll be presenting tomorrow afternoon . At the hearing . Skinner 's not answering his phone . - He 's doing everything he shouldn 't be . - Why ? He knows better than that . The evidence is still circumstantial at best . He 's behaving like a guilty man , Mulder . The man 's marriage is breaking up . He 's stressed out . It 's his irrational behavior that concerns me . It speaks to a state of mind . If an otherwise stable man is compelled to go out and hire a prostitute , what else is he capable of ? Please . Give him the benefit of the doubt . I am , Mulder . Believe me . I 'm not trying to convince myself . When I mentioned that hooker to him , he didn 't even seem to know . - Maybe he doesn 't remember . - Either he remembers or he 's a liar . Not necessarily . This man 's running away from a train . He sees it coming straight at him . He hears its whistle . Several times a month he ran away from that train . Until one night he broke his wife 's arm when he threw her to the floor . - Night terrors ? - No . Night terrors and sleepwalking occur during slow-wave non-dream sleep . The clinical term is REM sleep behavior disorder . Though rare , dozens of cases of sleep-related violence have been attributed to it . But what does it have to do with Skinner ? This video came from the Bethesda Sleep Disorder Center , where Skinner has been receiving treatment for three months . For running away from trains ? Same disorder , different dreams . According to Skinner 's psychiatrist , he 's been experiencing a dream in which he 's confronted by an old woman . She speaks , but he doesn 't understand . Sometimes she straddles his chest , suffocating him . So you think Skinner may have killed the victim in his sleep . Defending himself against this imaginary old woman . A lot of patients have no recollection of their activities , which might explain Skinner 's amnesia . - lt 's not such a strange story . - lt isn 't ? It 's ancient , actually . You may have heard it . Although not in such clinical terms . In the Middle Ages a visitation like Skinner 's would have been attributed to a succubus . It 's a spirit that visits men in the night , usually in the form of an old woman . - Visits them for sex ? - Usually . But sometimes the succubus becomes so attached to the man that she 'd kill any woman competing for his affection . What 's that ? Luminous phenomena have been associated with some succubus encounters , - according to the mythology . Why ? - l feel strange saying this , but I found something during my postmortem exam I think you should see . There 's a circular patch around the mouth and nose , approximately 11cm in diameter . It retained light energy. lt glowed in the dark . I know what I saw , Mulder. lt was here . This phosphorescence required no UV or infrared light ? No. lt was definitely visible to the naked eye . - Did you get a sample ? - Yeah. I sent one over to Chem Tox . - And ? - My hunch was that it was fungal growth , but the only substance that they detected was amylase , which is found in saliva . So I had them send over a sample to the elemental analysis unit . The results should be back ... This is Agent Scully . I 'm calling to find out the lab results on a tissue sample that I sent in this morning . - Thank you . - What did they say ? That there was no analyzable substance in the sample container . - Are you sure you saw something ? - This isn 't exactly something I 'd make up . Maybe that 's it . Maybe that 's why Skinner 's running . - He 's afraid . - That he did it ? That he doesn 't know he didn 't do it . Hi . You didn 't answer your phone . I unplugged it. I haven 't been sleeping too well lately . So , are you going to invite me in or should I start building an ark ? Come in . You still haven 't gotten around to unpacking . Yeah , well , you know ... Work . So what are you doing here , Sharon ? I 'm not sure . After I saw you today , I didn 't know what else to do . If you want to satisfy some morbid curiosity ... That 's not why I came . I just wanna make sure you 're OK . I 'm OK . Except right now , company 's about the last thing that I need . - l 'm not company. I 'm your wife . - Ex-wife . You asked for the divorce . Only because you didn 't have the guts to ask for one yourself , so don 't put it on me . Fair enough . So what else do you want me to say ? Nothing . I don 't want you to say anything . I just want you to let me in . Just this one time . Why ? Because I know you . I know that you 're scared and that you could use some comfort . I also know that you 'll never let me give it to you . Just take care of yourself , OK ? - What 's this about ? - Wanna grab your coat and come with us ? - We 'd like to ask you a few questions . - What 's going on ? It 's your wife . She 's been in an accident . - ls she all right ? - Someone ran her off the road . You 're gonna have to come with us . We 'll also need to see the keys to your car , sir . - How is she ? - The CT scan shows a subdural hematoma . She 's in surgery right now to relieve pressure on her brain . - Scully 's trying to get more information . - l have to see her . - You can 't do that , sir . - Why not ? They said I wasn 't being charged . Not yet - but they 're building a pretty convincing case . - You think I did this to Sharon ? - l don 't , but I 'm in the minority . What about Agent Scully ? She doesn 't understand why you 're not trying to defend yourself . Defend myself against what ? Don 't you think if I knew what was happening to me that I would try to ... I don 't know what to believe anymore . What about the old woman in your dream ? Who is she ? It 's gonna come out . Look , if you don 't start trusting someone , you don 't stand a chance . A few months ago I started ... seeing her again . Again ? I told you once what ... what happened to me in Vietnam . - That I was caught in an ambush . - Yeah , you were the sole survivor . You also described what sounded like a near-death experience . There was nothing near about it , Agent Mulder . - l was a dead man . - That 's when you first saw her ? I saw lots of things over there . - l didn 't give much credence to any of ' em . - Why not ? I got through that experience like most 18-year-olds . By numbing myself with whatever was around. I was no choirboy . I inhaled . So you just dismissed her as another hallucination ? - l tried . - But you couldn 't ? She was there with me . Watching me ... as I was watching myself dying , my blood spilling from a hundred different places . Until she lifted me up and carried me back . - Away from the light . - Well , maybe she was trying to protect you . Maybe she 's trying to protect you now . Protect me from what ? That 's a question only you can answer . I don 't know . I don 't have a clue . - Number five . - This is Skinner 's ? According to Waltos , the hood was still warm when they got to Skinner 's apartment . Look at the left front panel . They match the paint in the dent of Sharon Skinner 's car . Waltos 's people finished going over the interior ? The only prints they found were Skinner 's . - Can I borrow your flashlight ? - Sure . Why ? I don 't know what you 're expecting to find , but Skinner 's hearing is in half an hour . - l 'll meet you there . - What are you doing ? Collecting evidence . - Know how an air bag works ? - You hit something , a bag fills with air , - you don 't die . - Not air . Nitrogen . The latent image , the one we 're interested in , is found in the by-product of that explosion , in the finely dispersed sodium metal that coats the interior of the air bag . This pattern was created by whoever was behind the wheel when the air bag deployed . - lt doesn 't look like a face . - Not yet . First I 'm scanning the pattern . Then I run it through software which translates its densities into a dimensionalized likeness . After that , it 's a matter of fine-tuning . - How long does that fine-tuning take ? - You need this in a hurry , it sounds like . I 'm not the only one who needs it . We 're still waiting for Agent Mulder ? Yes , sir . We 're finished waiting . We 're going to begin without him . Have a seat . Let 's go over the physical evidence again . You say you found nothing damning ? No , sir . None of the physical evidence we recovered directly connects the assistant director to her death . You reexamined the victim 's body . Did you find anything of note ? I took a sample of an extraneous substance that turned out to be unidentifiable . How 's that ? A naturally occurring enzyme around her mouth and nose . - And do you have any idea why it was there ? - No . If you are withholding something ... Sir , I feel reluctant to say , or to speak for Agent Mulder . To say what ? Agent Mulder had a theory that the substance could have come from a visitation . But you have another explanation . No. I 'm sorry , I don 't . Do you believe in paranormal phenomena , Agent Scully ? Whatever extreme cases I have encountered , I have viewed through the lens of science . I believe that is why I was assigned to the X-Files and to Agent Mulder . And has AD Skinner always been as discriminating as you ? - Excuse me , sir ? I don 't understand . - Would you say that , like yourself , your direct superior has been affected by or enchanted by Agent Mulder 's notions ? No , sir . Not at all . And yet he continues to sign off on whatever extreme cases you and Agent Mulder elect to investigate . I believe the assistant director has protected us out of a respect for the work . Just as you might protect him by trumping up unidentifiable evidence ? No . That is not true . - Thank you . That will be all . - Sir , if I may ... - That will be all . - l 'm not finished . Yes , you are , Agent Scully . - Hello ? - Mulder . You missed it . Not that it would have made a difference . - What happened ? Where 's Skinner ? - Out of ajob . - They dismissed him ? - He didn 't have a chance . They used us . They used the X-Files . - How 'd you know ? - Skinner 's been outmaneuvered . - They found a weakness and are exploiting it . - Why ? To put us in check . You remove Skinner and you weaken us . - What am I looking at ? - The man that stole Skinner 's car and tried to kill his wife . I don 't understand . Why orchestrate such an elaborate scheme to set him up ? - Why not kill him ? - They tried that . A second attempt would be too obvious , even for these thugs . Skinner 's probably worth more to them alive and disgraced than dead and buried . - Who is this guy ? - Danny couldn 't find anything on him . - So how do we find him ? - This guy is a pawn . - Pawns always make the first move . - So he must have hired the prostitute . - What happened here ? - Jumper . Happens whenever it rains . He got to her first . Mulder , look . Usually there 'd be something set up in the room . To get pictures , tape , whatever . Judy , we need you to identify somebody . is this the man who hired Carina ? - He said that nobody would get hurt . - He lied . Skinner 's not the only person he set up . - Are you saying he killed Carina ? - And Lorraine . He 's cleaning house . We need you to arrange a meeting . I can 't . Lorraine 's the only one who ever really talked to him . Unfortunately Lorraine can 't get to the phone right now . - Please don 't make me do this . - Look what he did to your friends . We 're your only chance of coming out of this OK . Mulder 's right. I 'll stay with you , if you want , until we take him into custody . I want you to call him . Tell him you 're scared because we questioned you . Tell him you want money to get out of town . You 'll meet him at the Ambassador Hotel bar . OK ? Hello ? Hi . This is Judy Fairly . You may not remember me , but I work for Lorraine . One moment , please . Yes ? Some fbi agents came to see me about what happened to Lorraine . - What did you tell them ? - Nothing . I didn 't say anything . But they scared the hell out of me . Look ... I need some money . - That can be arranged . - Can you meet me ? - Where would you like to meet ? - The Ambassador Hotel at ... - ln an hour ? - l 'm close. I 'll see you in an hour . I had to tell you , Sharon , before anything else happens . I 'm not signing those papers . For a lot of reasons , most of them I 'm just ... realizing myself for the first time . Some of the things I 've seen . The violence and the lies that I 've witnessed men inflict on one another - l could never tell you that . Not that I ever stopped believing in the work . But there were contradictions that I couldn 't reconcile , which meant shutting down part of myselfjust to do my job . I never told you what I should have told you . That what really got me through each day was knowing that I 'd be sleeping next to you that night . Knowing that I had a reason to wake up in the morning . I 'm not sure if you can even hear me now , or if it even makes a difference to you anymore . But I at least wanted you to know that . Sharon ? Somebody ! Listen to me . - Did you get him ? - No . He hasn 't shown up yet . - He should have been here 15 minutes ago . - What 's goin ' on ? Nothing . Great . - Maybe it 's the rain . - He isn 't about to let a little rain stop him . Mulder , hang on a second . - Judy ? - Scully , what 's going on ? Mulder , get up here right now . He 's upstairs . Judy ? - What the hell are you doin ' ? - l 'm sorry. I called , but you didn 't answer . What 's the matter ? You OK ? - Sir ? - Come in . This is our report . You 'll see , though , that several questions remain unanswered . The identity of the man I shot ? We ran his face and fingerprints through every database . There 's still no matches . And we 're doing a dental-record search , but that 'll probably be a dead end too . Regarding the other man , the telephone number we had for him has been disconnected and there 's no record of an account . Don 't waste your time , Agent Scully . You won 't find him . Just get whatever forensic evidence you need off the body you have and bury it . - ls there a problem , Agent Mulder ? - There 's something else you 'll find missing . An explanation for how you knew to be at the hotel last night . I was hoping you could fill in that item yourself . - l 'm afraid I can 't . Not at this point in time . - Why not ? Because whatever I believe may have happened , - it has no place on an official report . - Well , then why don 't you just tell me ? Off the record . If you 'll excuse me , I have some catching up to do . The OPC did a number on my office . But I wanna thank you for the quick turnaround on this . Visiontext Subtitles : Sally Lewis I made this ! US english
