 At the dawn of the century A band of adventures set out to prove the impossible The existence of a prehistoric world The Visionary The Heiress The Hunter The Scientist And the Reporter All chasing the story of a lifetime Stranded in a savage land Befriended by an untamed beauty Together they fight to survive In this amazing world of lost civilizations and terrifying creatures Always searching for a way home A way out of the Lost World What 's all the commotion about Kappakochu ? The chief said they have found a man tonight ... a white man . A white man here ? Who is he ? where did he come from ? He does not know . The man stumbled into the village and collapsed . They could not help him but thought you might know how . Massive infection . The only one to help him now is his maker . Tell them to get water ... we 'll make what little time he has left as comfortable as possible . Agua , agua ! My journal . The bag . Please ... show them . Tell me what are they so afraid of ? He says the man visited the other world . He went where living men are not meant to go . Now you 're talking my language ... Mr. Maple-White seemed like a damn fine scientist . He could have told us a lot about this land . What else is in that bag ? The plates there . What are they saying ? The devil spirit . Devil spirit ... indeed . Once again I am shocked . Night after night I listen to my esteemed colleagues ... pass judgment on the permanence of certain animals upon the earth . Because our Dr. Summerlee has never seen a so called ... prehistoric animal he assumes do not cannot insist . If he had never been to North America ... I 'm sure he would still hold that the world is flat . I speak here of creatures who could hunt down ... and devour the fiercest of present day predators as if this they were lambs . Professor Challenger You can hardly expect a room full of ... top flight scholars to ... share your demented fantasies . Still ... I feel compelled to share my findings with you ... ungrateful swine that you prove to be . Do I know you ? No . But you know me . Does it matter ? Just wondering if it 's business or personal ? To the Field Marshal it 's very personal ... to me it 's only business . Good then we can negotiate . Sadly that would be bad business . Oh , I see . Pity . Gentlemen your proof ... of my contentions . A Pterodactyl ? That 's right a Pterodactyl . Long held to be extinct since the Mesozoic Era ... but here visible in the photograph taken not more ... than six months ago . Professor you must surely know that fraudulent photographs are not unheard of . The scientific process demands more substantial confirmation . Precisely sir precisely . That is why ... I propose that several of you good gentleman ... join me on a mission to put my claims to the test . What about you Dr. Summerlee . Do you have the courage of your convictions ... or is that merely the reserve of true scientists ? Come man , for the honor of the society . Very well I 'll do it . Who else who else will volunteer ? I will . And you are ? Lord John Roxton , sir ... I 've already been up the Amazon ... and have special qualifications for the expedition . Lord Roxton 's reputation as an adventurer is world famous . We would be honored to have you sir ... anybody else ? Ned Malone sir ... International Herald Tribune . I have experience as a war correspondent ... and would serve as an unprejudiced witness . You are an American ? Yes sir . Well we won 't hold that against you ... welcome aboard . And just how do you propose to fund ... this wild goose chase ? Well naturally given the evidence I 've supplied you with today ... I assumed the society would ... - pick up the expense . - You assumed . You assumed sir . This society does not have the resources . I 'm afraid this fairy tale expedition ... is out of the question . I will provide funding . My name is Marguerite Krux . I offer whatever resources are required to fund the mission . Madam , do you have any idea just how much such an expedition might cost ? My resources are not limited ... the funds shall be placed in a bond ... by tomorrow afternoon . It 's done then . You will have your proof ... by years end ... and the world the world will be amazed . At it already Malone ? Shouldn 't think there was anything to write about yet . My editor 's demanding a blow by blow account . This , my friend , is all color . I see what you mean . Do you know this stretch of river well ? Nobody knows this section of the river . Nobody but me would be stupid enough to bring up a party here . Why is that so stupid ? I thought you knew Dr. Summerlee it 's cursed . I owed a gambling debt to Manaos . If I hadn 't accepted Professor Challenger 's offer ... I would probably be dead by now . This way I suppose I have a fighting chance . So ... when are you going to tell us the real reason you funded this expedition ? I funded it , what does it matter ? I know the reasons the others are here ... For Challenger it 's a quest for knowledge ... for Summerlee pride ... Malone 's looking for the story of the century and ... I 'm sure you know why I 'm here . To irritate and bore ? Really ... what are you after ? Maybe I have a passion for adventure too . Begging your pardon ma 'am but ... you 're as cold a customer ever as I 've seen . You 're after something else . A gentleman 's duty is to believe what a lady tells him . Don 't let the title fool you . I 'm as far from being a gentleman as you are from being a lady . Surely you don 't believe in curses , do you ? No man who 's gone where we 're going has ever survived ... that much I know . It could be a curse ... or it could be as plain as a blow pipe arrow to the neck ... and your shrunken head added to the collection . Either way dead is dead . That 's enough for today . Let 's make camp before it gets dark . What did I get myself into ? Did you say something Doctor ? Nothing ... .. nothing at all . All right everybody gather around and I 'll show you our route for tomorrow . Now judging from our position this afternoon we 're here . We 'll take this left fork here to here ... if we make good time shouldn 't be more than a day 's travel . Not a moment too soon for me . I don 't want to burst your bubble Doctor but ... I have a feeling that 's when the real adventure begins . Where 's Miss Krux ? She said she was going for a walk . In that direction I think . She shouldn 't be out there alone . That 's what I told her ... you can imagine her response . What are you doing here ? A beautiful woman should not bathe alone . No telling what kind of dangers she might run into out here . Danger ? You 're the only thing I have to worry about . Sneaking around in the bushes like some Peeping Tom . Madam you flatter yourself . Go find yourself some native girl to give you your cheap thrills . I demand you leave this instant . Miss Krux get out of the water , quickly ! Not until you turn your back and lower you gun . Miss Krux , if I have to ask you one more time I 'm going to shoot you ... and save you the pain of being eaten alive by that crocodile ! For your information there are no crocodiles in the Amazon . They 're an indigenous reptile that are similar to a crocodile ... it 's called a Caiman . Behind you ! What did you do that for ? He was about to eat you . For your information ... I was toying with him . And by the looks of it you made a fine chew toy . How long were you watching me ? So is that how you thank me . Thank you . Who killed the beast ? Why you ungrateful little ... you 're bleeding . It 's nothing I slipped . It needs to be cleaned . You ... You shouldn 't walk on it . Lord Roxton put me down ! I said put me down ! Whatever you say . What is that ? Jungle telegraph . Do you understand it ? A smattering ... something about food seems like a menu . You catch any more ? A little , their description of Roxton was not flattering ... found him stringy but be flattered Professor ... you 're the main course . Keep your rifle at hand Roxton . It never left . Vamonos , apurense ... Andale , andale Escuchen a la señora con cuidado idiotas ... Come on time to move . This is it . You 've found the plateau ? Yeah I 'm sure of it . All we found is an escarpment ... I don 't see any plateau . And what do you think is beyond those clouds Doctor ? More rock . I had hoped that proving your scientific knowledge ... to be nothing more then rank amateurism would have been enough . But no , obviously something more ... physical is necessary to curb your negative attitude . Gentlemen that 's enough . When we get back to England you can kill each other then . If we get back to England . Ah ... Professor ... excuse me but we should get the balloon assembled and inflated if we want to ascend in the morning . All right lets make camp . Let 's get to work ... there 's a lot more to do before we sleep . Consider that motivation not to dilly-dally . Mood music . What 's that ? Sulfuric acid ... it reacts with the iron filings ... to produce the hydrogen that floats the balloon . I 'll believe that when I see it . Now I know you 've gone mad ... an airplane without wings that ascends vertically . Think about it Doctor ... a rotating wing slicing through the air ... providing uplift just like a fixed wing . It will retire the balloon outright . I 'd put my money behind . Good money after bad . Get Summerlee to wake the bearers . Summerlee ! Wake the bearers we need help packing the balloon . Morning gentlemen ... rise and shine your services are needed . Hello ? Have you seen the bearers ? There 's one over there . You ... you sir we need to be off . I spoke to you sir the least you could do is reply . Dead the bearers they are all dead . Get anything else that 's essential into the balloon , we 're leaving . Run for your life Miss Krux ! Run everybody , run ! Hurry up , quickly ! Roxton sand bags . What 's going on ? Were out of range now . Does this change your opinion about ballooning Doctor ? It has its uses . What in God 's name is that ? Up draft . I 've never seen anything like it Professor . Secure what you can . No , no ! Hold on tight ! Help ! Help ! It 's taking us into the storm cell ! Thank God that 's over . Miss Krux , Summerlee ... Malone ! all right , right here . I 'm alive . I 'm alive . Figures you 'd land on top of me . I must say you broke my fall quite nicely . Over fifty flights without a scratch aye . Can 't believe we all pulled through . The balloon didn 't fare so well . Most of the fabrics intact but ... she 'll need a complete re-rigging . It doesn 't matter we wouldn 't survive another trip through that up draft . We 'll assemble what we can the rest we 'll leave until we 've made camp . Well come on , lets get to it we 've got a whole world to explore . Roxton ! Roxton ! Roxton ! Malone is in trouble . Come on ... Challenger ... Are you alright Malone ? Yeah I 'm fine . Who is she ? I don 't know but she just saved my life . Stay away from her she may be dangerous . She could be the key to cracking the mysteries of this land . We must communicate with her . Why don 't you offer her some food that 'll get her to trust us . It 's OK , look food ... you eating . Leave this to me I 've had vast experience with underdeveloped races . We come from many moons . Me ... friend ... Challenger ... you . Good Lord man this isn 't Edgar Rice Burrows ... you don 't expect her to understand English do you ? Well my French is a little rusty but I 'm willing to give it a try . Allow me to introduce myself my name is Veronica . Delighted to meet you Miss Veronica . It 's a long way yet Professor . Fascinating . Professor look at this . What does this say to you Summerlee ? It says a large animal passed this way recently . Large animal - what large animal has that span ? It 's a dinosaur Summerlee a dinosaur . Gentlemen if you 'll excuse me I 've heard this little ditty before . All I know is there 's nothing to see more important nothing to shoot . Dinosaur indeed , just as I suspected this whole ridiculous expedition is nothing more than a waste of time . Malone I need the camera . No don 't shoot . I promised you dinosaurs didn 't I Summerlee . Indeed you did . Now that 's what I call a treehouse . Yes a sanctuary from the reptiles . How do we get up ? Well on the elevator of course . I don 't see an elevator . How does it work ? On simple counterweight principles . Water 's collected from the rainforest canopy then released into and out of the log . It 's ingenious . Thomas Edison would be green with envy . - I 'll take that . - Oh thank you . Oh it 's wonderful ... everything a scientist could possible need . Have you ever seen the likes of this ? Never . I 'll be right down . Don 't worry about me . This is where I live . You built this ? So what do you think Professor ? It 's stupendous ... finding an outpost of civilization in the middle of this wilderness . It 's Incredible . My parent 's party built it themselves . That 's my mother pregnant with me at the time . That 's my father . Are we going to meet them ? They 're not here . They went out to collect samples . When do you expect them back ? I don 't know . They 're missing . How long have they been missing ? Eleven years . Eleven years ? Eleven years in the jungle and you think they 're still alive ? You have no idea where you are do you ? They could be out there ... anywhere trying to find their way back home . What about the others , the rest of your parent 's party ? They 're all dead . I know that for a fact . No one escapes the ape-men . The ape-men ? Is that why you 're here a zoological expedition ? We 're here to find a rare specimen . Perhaps you 've seen something like it ? Vicious creature isn 't he ? Forget your science ; forget your ambition forget whatever brought you here . Where these beasts are is not a place where you want to go . That 's exactly where I want to go . I 'll show you how to make contact with the Zanga Indians . Some say they know of caves which travel down to your world . You had better take me up on my offer before anything else can happen . - We have company . No don 't shoot . If you 're looking for reasons to use your weapons ; you 'll have plenty where you 're planning on going . You don 't have to shoot my friends . Assai Dr. Summerlee , Chopin one of my father 's favorites . " Opus 10 Etude in E major " wonderful , a little culture in this barbaric land thank you my dear . Miss Krux - nice isn 't it ? You 'd hardly believe you 're in a primeval jungle on the rooftop of the world . I believe it . When are you going to come clean and tell me why you 're really here ? You 're no geologist . Why does it matter so much to you ? Because the little voice inside keeps telling me ... for the good of party , I should throw you to the wolves ... first chance I get . So why don 't you ? Because another voice tells me ... you only meet a woman made of fire and steel once in a blue moon . And you don 't want to waste her ... when she 's in your hands . I am not in your hands Lord Roxton ... and any time you wish to throw me to the wolves I suggest you try . You might be surprised which one of us gets eaten . Yes well I always say ... anything that isn 't worth shedding a little blood over , isn 't worth the getting . All right everybody gather round ... I 've come to a decision . We came here to prove a theory , ape-men or not I intend to do just that . Anybody who doesn 't want to come I 'll understand . But I 'm leaving first thing in the morning . We 've come a long way for this hunt ... and I 'm not going back with out a trophy . Wherever my money goes I go . I 've still got a story to write . Summerlee ? Do you have the stuffing to come with us ? I 'll see this through . Splendid . Mr. Malone you re-jig the balloon ... it may prove useful . Steady Malone we don 't want to blow the image . Do you prefer I set down amongst them ? Let 's find another one . Professor you 've used almost all your plates in one day . Maybe you 'd like to save the rest for another day . Science doesn 't wait on tomorrow my lad ... another specimen over there . Dinosaurs I still can 't believe it . I 've kind of gotten used to them actually . You know you constantly amaze me Miss Veronica . A member of the fairer sex especially as one as cultured as you ... to have survived so long in this primitive environment ... is absolutely amazing . Agh You 've got to watch these they 've got sulfuric acid for blood . Luckily they 're pretty slow . Come out come out wherever you are . There that wasn 't so hard A lot of good this will do me . Don 't you look like the cat that swallowed the canary . You know if you turn that around it might actually apply . You 're making even less sense than usual Roxton . I 've just been out hunting . Should I 've recognize the look . Kill anything interesting ? Yes a small dinosaur . How brave of you . I think he wanted to eat me . No accounting for taste . So where 's your trophy ? Probably in the belly of a T-Rex . Oh , this gets even better . You actually saw a T-Rex . Oh yes , he was magnificent . He must have chased me for at least three miles before I lost him . But you 're certain you lost him ? Oh yes . I 'll finish this later . Good idea . It 's time we got home and showed it to the world . You 're been premature . Some of us haven 't been fortunate enough to realize our goals yet . I have only Assai 's stones to indicate the geological potential here . And they 're useless unless we discover where they came from . There are those who place a higher value on knowledge then jewelry . And most of them are flat broke . Listen we already have more evidence then a balloon can carry unless you want to risk it . Professor ? I 'm afraid he 's right Miss Krux makes no sense collecting data we can 't transport . So how do we get down ? There 's a better than even chance that with those winds the balloon won 't make it . If we came to an understanding with chief Jacoba would he lead us down through the caves ? My father does not trust outsiders . But surely there is something we can offer him . There 's only one thing here he wants . Well we 'll find the caves ourselves . Perhaps if he spoke to an outsider Not bad . Your language isn 't that difficult . The most important thing is to convince him he has nothing to fear from us . I 'll take you to him in the morning . Splendid Hey Doctor you and Mr. Malone accompany Marguerite . I think I should go things could get out of hand . This is a diplomatic envoy John besides I need you and Veronica elsewhere . There is one more item we need to collect . Steal a dinosaur egg and carry it though a jungle full of predators ? You 're out of your mind . no matter how many photographs we have there will always be some naysayer crying fake . Proof like this nobody can question us especially once it hatches . Hatches in England ? With luck long before that so it 's acquired a suitably impressive size before our arrival . Think about it John the whole of London laid out at your feet . A man of the hour Lord John Roxton hunter of the biggest game that ever lived . Can it be done ? You tell him Veronica only one reptile nests at this altitude . Well a Pterodactyl . They hunt by daylight . And by nightfall we 'll be back at Veronica 's residence toasting our success . What do you say ? All right let 's do it then . - Great Jehovah ! - Shhh we mention no Gods but Atunga here he rules our dead You can make it up the left face it won 't take any time at all . One Pterodactyl egg coming up . Be careful . Don 't worry he 'll be fine . Well done Roxton .
