 You 'll have your prove by year 's end The world will be amazed . Challenger , don 't shoot you 'll kill him ! Challenger ! Do something ! Roxton let go ! Tell this thing that ! The bag Roxton the bag . What about me ! Roxton catch ! Don 't let go . I need that egg ! Challenger ! Professor are you all right ? I 'll make it drop him in the water . Do something ! The egg , did you break the egg ? You 're all heart . Now , now we can go home . At the dawn of the century A band of adventures set out to prove the impossible The existence of a prehistoric world The Visionary The Heiress The Hunter The Scientist and the Reporter All chasing the story of a lifetime Stranded in a savage land Befriended by an untamed beauty Together they fight to survive In this amazing world of lost civilizations and terrifying creatures Always searching for a way home A way out of the Lost World This is where we live . Are you quite sure about this ? Second thoughts Doctor ? Well it 's just that from what I can see the Zanga don 't take kindly to strangers . Doctor their clothing . Those helmets must be over five hundred years old . Good God ! people have been coming here for centuries . He says she 's threatened the village by bringing us here . He 's invited me inside . You surely don 't intend to go in there alone , with him . You want to leave this place or not . Shouldn 't we do something ? Relax Doctor she 's the toughest one of our group . You 're right you have everything you could ever ask for . What can I offer you ? Veronica Tell me Miss Krux , how did you get Chief Jacoba to agree ? We speak the same language . Oh excellent Miss Krux well done again . Taking a last look ? Yeah , well I 'll always have these even if they aren 't the real thing . Can I see ? I hope you don 't mind ? You 're being thorough . Well my readers back home are going to want to know everything so . What 's going to happen when you tell the world about this place ? I don 't know . I mean if they believe it someone will want to see it for themselves . Would you ... Would you ever consider seeing my world ? I 've thought about it , many times . But ? I can 't not until I find out what happened to my parents . Yeah . Somebody 's coming . It 's my father and the bearers . Are you ready to go ? All packed although some of us seem to have a bit more than others . I don 't see any torches . It 's quiet all of a sudden . Too quiet . Get the lights . Second time I 've saved your life . There won 't be a third I assure you . They 're gone everything 's going to be fine . We 're all alright . Is she going to be okay ? She has a sever concussion . Assai ? Has anyone seen Assai ? Shouldn 't we wait till morning ? We 'll be able to track . No telling what they 'll do to her by then , what they 're doing to her now . Where the hell is Malone ? That 's the least of our worries . Malone ! You better go . I 'll look after her . The Zangas will be here soon . Tell Jacoba 's men to follow us we 're going to need their help . Take care of her will ya . I will . Couldn 't have been gone for more than half an hour . How can we be sure she 's still alive ? Be sure . Yes look half dragged half carried by the looks of it . Ah this is pointless we can 't see a damn thing . There was a tar pool back there perhaps we can go and get some torches . Why don 't we just tell the ape-man we 've been following them while were at it . You know Challenger perhaps we should tell our Pterodactyl friend to help us with air surveillance . Your turn next time Professor . Wait a second that 's it why didn 't think of that before . Roxton you 're a genius . What are you talking about ? Just keep moving I 've got an idea . Has he gone completely mad ? No , he 's got an idea . He 's saving his hide I 'll bet . Come on it 'll be light soon . No one returns from the ape-men . What is he doing here ? Its okay Veronica it 's nothing you rest . I 'm going with you . The air is thick here . The magma displacement vents it up from the below the surface . This is a hellish land . Perfect home for our simian friends . We 're on the right track . Could she really still be alive ? I don 't know Doctor . Well if she is alive surely we 'll be outnumbered by the beasts . Yes , too bad Malone got cold feet ... we could have used another gun . Marguerite ? Oh my head . You have a nasty bump take it easy . Malone and the others ? They went after Assai . The ape-men took her . I must go after them . They 'll kill them all . Veronica lay down you are still weak . Where are we ? The Zanga village . Why am I dressed like this ? There 's going to be a wedding . Who 's ? Yours . Can you see her ? Nah ah To the right by the fire . Great Scott ! She 's dinner . I 'll give them something to eat . They outnumber us ten to one . The odds won 't get any better . Say your prayers Doctor . They 've already been answered . Malone perfect timing . I take back what I said about that man . Cover me ! Come on Assai we have a balloon to catch ! Behind you ! Come on , Summerlee ! I 'm coming I 'm coming ! Behind you . Right . Come on ! Sand bags , get the sand bags Home free . You dropped this . Thank you . What 's the problem ? Hydrogen 's running low . Can we make it as far as the Zanga village ? No chance . I 'll get us as close as I can , but it 'll be night fall before we get there . I won 't do it . I 'm not sure you have a choice . I 'd rather die than marry Jacoba . Come on that 's no way for a bride to talk . What is wrong with you ? One of us needs to remain calm . You 're the one who did this to me didn 't you ? Me ? Don 't be absurd . What did you trade me for stones , no gold ? Someone 's got an overactive imagination . We were alone at the treehouse . This is how you bargained your way off the plateau . You were hurt . I was the one thing you could trade . Jacoba arrive with his men . Your freedom for my body ? What the hell was I supposed to do ? I mean when Jacoba came for you what was I supposed to do all alone ? That 's what I meant . Of course you did . Whatever deal you made with Jacoba Marguerite , I suggest you un-make it . Because if I do marry Jacoba ; I 'm entitled to a wedding present ... your head on a platter . I never knew you were such a romantic . I 'll leave you to get ready . Marguerite ! Marguerite - help me ! I will not marry him ! Marguerite ! Thank god you 're here . What the hell 's going on ? Jacoba 's forcing Veronica to marry him . What are they saying ? She 's trying to get him to show us the way home . I thought you 'd already taken care of that Miss Krux ? I had . So where were you during all this ? What could I do ? Jacoba 's got all these warriors . He 's not what you 'd call a reasonable man . So he didn 't hurt you ? No but I can 't imagine what would 've happen if you hadn 't come back . Maybe I shouldn 't go , maybe I should stay . Ned no , you have your story to tell . It 's important to you . What if Jacoba tries this again . Assai will make sure he never bothers me again . Let 's not think about it right now . You 're alive that 's what matters . Yeah We have tonight . Just one more question Marguerite . How did Jacoba get in the treehouse ? He flew , how do you think he got there ? He took the elevator . Yes of course that 's what I thought . Oh how I 'll miss these little chats . And why did you send the elevator down ? Excuse me ? The elevator ... Jacoba could have shown up with a hundred men . You would have been safe in the treehouse until we returned . But instead you chose to send the elevator down you let him in . We had just lost his daughter to the ape-men . I thought the poor guy could use some comforting . Comfort , ... from you ? Or at least a stiff drink . How was I supposed to know he had matrimony in mind ? Of course you never would have sold Veronica out to him now would you ? Except in exchange for what , a few baubles perhaps ? You know I 'm getting a little tired of people accusing me of things . You ever wonder why ? No harm done ... this time . You don 't think much of me do you ? Less than you 'll ever know . Doesn 't matter ... tomorrow we 'll be on our way home . Then when we get to London we 'll never have to see each other again will we ? . No I don 't suppose we will . We will leave in the morning . My father will reveal the way through the caves to me tonight and I will guide you . How did you get him to agree ? I survived the ape-men ... no one has ever done that before . The Zanga seem to think I have some godly power . For my father to deny a god would be sacrilege . This is still my expedition Roxton ... and the Pterodactyl egg is the most important thing of all . Except maybe our lives . You ready ? Almost ... Good ... once we 're off this plateau we still have to make it through the Amazon alive . And past headhunters . And T-Rex and ape-men ... there are too many ways to die out here . Wouldn 't that be something ... survive dinosaurs only to be eaten by cannibals on the way home . I fail to see the humor in that . Oh lighten up Challenger you 're about to become a national hero . Yes . Well let 's dream about the tickertape parade once we 're home . Shall we ? I 'll take full responsibility for the Pterodactyl egg . As if you 'd trust anyone else to carry it for you . Keep the load light Marguerite we have to be prepared to drop our pack at any moment . Our lives may depend on it . Lose our packs how are we going to make it home ? Ammunition , guns , water carry those on your body . Along with anything else you can 't live without . Ready ? I 'll just take one last look around . Hurry now , Assai says it 's a day 's journey through the caves . I 'm almost there . I must admit Challenger I found this expedition exhilarating . In a perverse way I 've actually enjoyed it . Enjoy it a lot more when you get back to London especially when our friend in the egg hatches and introduces himself to civilized society . London you know I 'm actually beginning to believe that we may get home . Oh believe it Summerlee . The world will never be the same again . This is the way to the other world . Doesn 't look very inviting . I 'll go with you part of the way . Yeah , I 'd like that . Looks like those who have gone before us have left us something to light the way . The caves are dark and very dangerous go slowly and go only where I go . Challenger your torch here look . Prehistoric no doubt . The quality is magnificent . Far superior to the Spanish paintings of Altamira Yes look at this one the depiction is ... very similar to the one I saw on the alter in the Zanga village Yes these are not of our making but ... we believe that this tells the story of the birth of our God Atunga . The symbolism is not of our world . Wish we had time to transcribe them . Take a mental picture Doctor ... and let 's get going . Yes Summerlee you can study them in depth ... on the return expedition . Return expedition . How much further Assai ? Soon , my father said it was at the end of this tunnel . Its carbon based . Yes and very brittle Miss Krux ... be careful . We don 't want to precipitate a geologic shift . No Miss Krux ... please don 't do that . Extraordinary . Look at all these they 're just lying on the ground . Where to now Assai ? That 's the way out . Jacoba said that a path goes outside along the crease for the rest of the way . That 's why no ones found this place . The only way in is halfway up a mountain . Roxton , do you want to check out that opening and see what we 'll find . You must think of me as some kind of mountain goat Challenger . At least there won 't be a flying lizard to greet me at the top It 's my turn to save your life . Everybody out ! My egg ! Run for your lives ! Come on ! Come on ! Why are we the only ones here ? I think we took a wrong turn . Brilliant you figured that out by yourself . No wonder no one likes you . Who doesn 't like me ? Tell me again how much you don 't like me . Thanks That 's okay you and Ned can name your first child after me . Go go ! Assie , run ! I 've lost my egg I 've lost it . Damn your bloody egg . We 've lost the only way off this god forsaken plateau . Yes Professor I 'd say you have plenty of time to find yourself another egg . All those beautiful stones buried forever . How the hell did that happen anyway ? It certainly wasn 't volcanic . Don 't look at me I didn 't do it . It doesn 't matter how it happened , it 's done . We have other things to worry about now . Yes we 're in ape-men territory . We must start back for my village immediately . I guess greed has its own rewards . We 'll rest here . There 's a stream down there I 'll go get water . I 'll come with you . So I guess we 're here for good huh ? We 'll keep looking for a way out . This was supposed to be my big break . ... story of a life time You know you could look at it like you just have ... more of a story to tell when you do get back . I guess you 're right . I guess there are some ... positive aspects to staying here . You think so ? Yeah I do . My God that is the scariest thing I 've ever seen . Come on . Yeah . I want to thank you for saving my life back there . Did our hear me I said thank you ? It 's what you wanted to hear all along ? You ungrateful arrogant . Shut up . Malone ... Malone Everyone to the center of the clearing ! On my mark ... steady , fire at will ! No there 's too many . I 've got an idea come on . I see what you mean about simians Roxton . Oh good he 's still here . What are you doing ? Hey you big fella yeah who you eating for dessert huh ? Hey ! Are you mad ? Trust me trust me . Hey you that 's right right here prime meat . Come and get it ! Fire ! We can 't out run him . Well what do we do ? Follow me . What are you doing ? Come on . OK , down , down , easy . Once again your timing couldn 't be better thank you both of you . You make a good team . Indeed they do . Now that would make a find trophy . I 'm sure he 'd feel the same about you . You 'll get your chance Lord Roxton . I 've no doubt about that . What did he say ? He 's thanking the Gods for giving him the strength to save us all from the ape-men . He wasn 't even there . He 's got a daughter to live up to . These aren 't as fine as some of the others ... but perhaps we could trade anyway . Give it a rest . I hate to say this Challenger but everything you said was true ... every last word . Fat lot of good it will do either of us with no way to get home . We 'll find a way home . Until then we 've got the greatest grounds for research a scientist could ever dream of . A whole lost world .
