 ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) One day in this lousy , stinking penal colony , and I 'm cracking up . Everyone 's so deranged and brutal , it 's frightening . I was so depressed , - I saw the social worker . - Was he any help ? Not really . He beat me up . He said I was a whining nancy boy with girly white legs , then pummelled me repeatedly with his book " Showing Compassion to Inmates " . - Social workers are supposed to be nice . - I was so shellshocked , - I told the priest everything . - What did he say ? He said I was a whining baby who was missing his mum . Then he beat me up , too . You can still see the crucifix marks in the back of my head . It 's ' cause we 're in G tower . The staff are mad here . One guy said as a reward for good behaviour , they move you to the luxury block on D wing . It 's nice there . They even shampoo the rats - groom their tails and everything . I must look it up in my " Michelin Guide to Penal Hellholes " . I 'm sure it gets the full five slop-out buckets . They 've got TVs , music centres . They 've even got a trouser press . Since when were you interested in a trouser press ? You care less about your appearance than a member of the Dutch Royal Family . No , if we got moved to a cell with a trouser press , we could make cheese toasties . What 's this ? " Floor 13 information pack . " If privacy is required when using toilet , please wear blindfold . " What 's the book ? " Gideon 's Bible . " He follows me everywhere , that bloke . I was staying in a hotel once - he left his bible there as well . Two years later , another hotel , dozy git left it behind again . ( SIGHS ) Everything is ruined . My career 's over . I 've no goal , no hope , no life . How come that 's starting to get you down now ? We 're gonna spend two years in the brig . Two years with the scum of the universe - hardened criminals , deranged droids - people so unbalanced and debauched , they couldn 't even get elected as president of the United States . We have to escape . There 's security cameras everywhere . That mad geezer with the one eye and the funny tick said it was impossible . He 's bound to say that , he was the warden . If only I 'd hired a smarter lawyer instead of the brain-dead , pompous , stupid-haired git I got . You defended yourself . Yes , and I don 't need reminding of that , thank you very much . - Two years in the Tank . - Two years . How did I get into this mess ? I think the blindfold 's supposed to be for me . This is the diary of Captain F. Hollister of the mining ship Red Dwarf . Several crew members are being tried for crimes against the Space Corps . - Are you familiar with the mind scan ? - We are familiar with the mind scan , sir . It will involve the administration of psychotropic drugs which affect your mental state , making this process possible . If you accept , say " Aye " . - ( ALL ) Aye . - Sign the consent forms , and seal them into the envelopes provided . We reconvene at 10 a.m. Tomorrow . To test the veracity of their defence , I 've had them placed in artificial reality where their actions can be observed . ( FUNKY MUSIC ) ( MUSIC CONTINUES ) Right now , they believe they 're escaping , but we just want to observe what they do . So that means that if anyone happens to mention any special agreements that they 've entered into ... Can you excuse me ? I think I 've left the iron on . Rimmer , one of the least able of my crew is acting very suspiciously , being incredibly insightful and efficient . I suspect he may have access to the crew 's confidential files . We also believe he may possess a virus which makes him incredibly attractive to the opposite sex . This is a remarkable serum , and , as a responsible senior officer of the Space Corps , it 's imperative I gain possession of it and use some myself . Oh , my God , you are sexy ! So very , very sexy ! Yesterday , he was observed injecting his groin with anaesthetic - an attempt to regain some self control . - Hi . - ( ALL ) Hi . I also suspect someone , possibly Lister , gave Rimmer access to the crew 's confidential files . He 's using this information to blackmail his way up the chain of command . It 's unforgivable , but it 's a technique that can work . I should know . I used the same method myself to become captain . If the crew discover I 'm really just Dennis the doughnut boy , I 'm finished . I will continue to observe Lister 's actions in AR , and expect my suspicions to be confirmed . Report ends . ( MUSIC ) This is ground control to Midget 3 . You don 't appear to have flight clearance . - Please state your name and clearance code . - Ground control , this is ... - Major Tom ! - Yeah , Major Tom ! Major Tom , what is your clearance code and pilot number ? I 'm sorry . I left all my details in my other pants . I 'm sorry , I didn 't catch that . - Wow ! - Without take-off clearance , - I can 't permit you to fly . - I can handle this thing OK . I 'm good . I 'm better than good - I 'm smooth . I feel smooth . That 's as maybe , but I need proof that you can fly that thing . Fly ? I can make this thing dance ! ( CLATTER ) ( UPBEAT JAZZ-FUNK ) Wow ! You free Saturday ? I am now . Holy schmoly ! I 've got a date in three days ' time . - I 'm gonna get ready . - You 're going nowhere , man . We are outta here ! - Thornton . - No one 's allowed in there . Beat it . Angus Thornton - aged 36 , middle name Lionel . Inside leg measurement 29 , neck size 16 , circumcised . - How do you know all this ? - Jazz fan . Good credit rating . Once admitted to hospital totally naked and attached to ... ( WHISPERS ) That 's a slanderous , filthy , stinking , slanderous lie that you just made up . - Who told you ? - Want all the crew to know ? - Take a cigarette break . Five minutes . - OK , I 'm going . I 'm lighting up already . I 'm going . Once we get a bearing on those damn nanos , we 're cruising down Freedom Boulevard . ( KRYTEN ) Getting something now . ( LISTER ) Good . We didn 't need that confidential file I gave to Rimmer . All that stuff I gave him on the captain . Two-faced rat ! Find all references to the agreement between Lister and Rimmer and remove . ( COMPUTER ) All references removed . ( SIGHS ) - What 's that ? Something weird just happened . - I felt it , too . - There it was again . - And again . Oh , my ! - What is it ? - I don 't believe I 'm here . I have that feeling all the time . We 're in a computer-manipulated psychotropically-induced mind state . You took the words right out of my mouth . You mean this is our trial ? Our escape is our trial ? The envelopes - when we signed the consent forms . There was a drug on the gluey bit we licked . So nothing 's been real since then ? Blue Midget , the ground controller - none of that was real ? You mean after all this , I still haven 't got a date ? Another year when I have to send a Valentine card to my hand ! This is good . It proves we 're innocent . Everything we 've done - escaping , trying to track down the nanos , it corroborates our story . But you ARE guilty , guys . Who are you fooling ? I don 't know why I said that . ( BLEEPING ) We 're being framed . I just said , " We 're being framed , " and suddenly ... It happened again . Everything we say is being ... Bananas . If I say who I think is responsible for this , it 'll get cut , too - but it 's him . You can bet on it , and if I ever catch up with him , I 'll cut off both his blunt knife . - How do we stop it ? - If we 're plugged into AR software , a trapdoor 's built into the program to allow escape . ( SQUEAKING ) - To help you get out if the program freezes ? - Precisely . There 'll be a cryptic clue , something like a trapdoor or exit . I got it ! - There 's a button here with E-11-T on it . - And ? 11 is XI in Roman numerals . E-X-l-T . Exit ! - HE got that ? - It proves without a shadow of a doubt this is not reality . ( SQUEAKING LAUGHTER ) Press it . Now where are we ? We 've landed in the screen saver . We need to locate a power source so we can switch the AR machine off . Power source ? Well , there has to be a clue round here somewhere . Maybe it 's in this ice hole . ( ROARS ) Bleugh ! There 's some food in here . - So ? - Including a bottle of ketchup . - So ? - Power ketchup , get it ? - What 's to get ? - Power SOURCE ! - He 's even smart when he 's made of Plasticine . - Press it . Ooh . ( TAPPING KEY ) You backstabbing , weaselly smegger ! You were trying to frame us ! Listy , just the man . I know at first glance it may look bad ... God , he 's gorgeous ! - Hold her back , please . No more . - Oh , those nostrils . - They 're driving me crazy . - Hold her back , Kryten . Help me ! Put the lift on hold . I want his babies ! The luck virus . Take some . It 'll cure the virus and restore you both to normal . God , that 's so embarrassing ! - What now , Hol ? - No time to lose . You should head for the nearest one of these . - You mean a moon ? - Exactly . We can regroup there and continue our search for the nanos . - What about me ? - Suggest we persuade you to come with us or we bludgeon you unconscious . Him come with us ? Are you out of your mind ? ! That so dumb , I should have said it ! Mr. Rimmer saw the confidential files . He knows all the security codes . Without him , our chances of escape are as remote as meeting an interesting hairdresser called Kylie . If I come with you , what have you got to offer ? I 'm very good at laundry , sir . I do a damn fine moon impression . I 'm so gorgeous , there 's a six-month waiting list for birds to suddenly appear every time I 'm near . You know what they say - if you 've three good friends , you 're a rich man . - Only poor people say that . - Forget it . He 's not gonna change his mind . The crew will know we 're out of AR now and will send someone to investigate . So , what 's it to be ? If I leave , I 'm always going to be a failure . The shame of it - every time I have a boiled egg , knowing I don 't even outrank the toastie soldiers . - I want to be an officer . A man of honour . - Officers are head cases . Those induction pranks they play when you qualify ! ( SIGHS ) I 've dreamt of that proud day for years now - as I wake up after the celebration party and find my pubes are orange and I 'm handcuffed to a goat . And most hilarious of all , discovering I 'm superglued to the rear of one of those rabbits that whizzes round greyhound tracks . Ah ! Those mad japes they play on you . I can 't miss all that . That 's not gonna happen , just like it didn 't happen for the other Rimmer . We 're giving you a second chance at life , and an opportunity for you to screw it up in a new and original way . You 'll get a seat in the cockpit and you 'll be in control of at least five buttons . He 's hardly going to be impressed at being in charge of a few buttons ! Five , you say ? No more vending machine maintenance . No more getting heckled by drinks dispensers . That 's five whole buttons ? A new start , a new life . Each morning , you 'll wanna leap out of bed . In your case , Mr. Lister , that 's because your sheets are covered in pointy poppadom shards . Tell me about these buttons . Are some illuminated ? What do you say , man ? The old Rimmer was a vital member of the team . He performed essential functions we 've never replaced . What did he do ? Dunno , really . He , um ... He was , um ... Head of Safety . Head of Safety ? That 's a hell of a title . What did he actually do ? You sort out danger . You sort out peril . Then you advise on the best way to run away from it . Head of Safety , five buttons . I 'm in ! He 's in ? Let 's celebrate ! I 'll crack open a bottle of cyanide . This is ground control . You don 't appear to have flight clearance . - You 're the ground controller ? - Please state your name and clearance code . Reality sucks ! Your name 's Reality Sucks ? ( LAUGHS ) One second , Mr. Sucks . Just checking my clearance list . - Just do another smegging dance and we 'll go . - Dance ? ! With her , I 'd have trouble walking ! I 'm powering up . Come back , Mr. Sucks ! Come back ! There 's nothing on the scanners for a 1,000-mile radius . We 're in the clear , guys ! ( ALL ) Yes ! - I don 't believe we are . - What 's up ? According to the supplies inventory , we 're frighteningly low on ... - I can barely say it . - What are we frighteningly low on ? Oxygen ? Worse . Fabric softener ! Suggest we chart a course to the nearest derelict - the SS Einstein - before your woollens get all bibbly-bobbly . Einstein ? Wasn 't he the dude who discovered America ? - Einstein discovered the theory of relativity . - Where ? Was it fossilized and stuff ? The theory of relativity is ... - What is the theory of relativity ? - What is it , Hol ? Bit busy at the moment , Dave . Just tell us what it is in simple layman 's terms . It 's a theory . Yeah , but what is it ? You want it more complicated than that , do you ? - What does it mean ? - It 's the theory of relativity . You know - it 's a theory you only tell your relatives . It 's so sad . Holly 's supposed to have an IQ of 6,000 . Now , I doubt he could even spell IQ . If I 'm so stupid , if I 'm computer-senile , explain this then . Explain what ? You can 't , can you ? I Explain what ? It 's no good stalling , trying to buy time . If I 'm so stupid , how was I able to recreate a new set of nanobots and get them to resurrect the crew ? ( ALL ) What ? I thought you 'd be pleased . But why ? My job is to keep Dave sane . True , I 'm not that good at it , but I do my best . That 's why I create little diversions to keep him occupied . Hol , we could have wound up doing two years in the brig ! You still could . I 've just worked it out . We 're still in AR . ( ALL ) What ? In computer jargon , my plans have all gone tits up . - I was out-thought and out manoeuvred . - Who by ? By a superior intellect . You mean the hand dryer in the toilets has outsmarted you again ? No . By that other version of me - the one on Red Dwarf . This is still our trial . Our trial ? Why didn 't you say ? If I 'd known , I 'd have worn a tie ! The nanobots story is corroborated . They tried to track ' em down . Their actions in the psychotropically induced scenario bear that out . I agree , Frank . I also believe we died and were indeed resurrected - again , borne out by their actions . So , original charges - all innocent . But it 's apparent that they used classified information from the crew 's confidential files to their own ends . I suspected Rimmer had access when he began acting incredibly smart and knowledgeable . What a giveaway ! That 's why I got him to lick a psychotropic envelope when I asked him to dinner . So , abusing classified information . That 's a fresh charge . On that , they 're all guilty . - That 's a statutory sentence . - I know . Two years in the brig . So instead of the original charge and a possible sentence of two years in the brig , they 've been found guilty on another charge and got an entirely different two years in the brig . That 's gonna be a great comfort to them . I 'll bring them round and break the news . - This is reality ? But how can we be sure ? - Why do we care ? Nothing makes any sense no matter where we are . Look , everything was real before we licked the envelopes , right ? Then we conked out and got carted off to AR . Before we licked anything ... Before we licked anything , I lent you my Holly watch . So if this is reality , I should still be wearing it . Oh , yeah . This is reality , all right . I 'd recognise it anywhere . Also , shouldn 't you have the viruses ? You found them on Starbug before we licked the envelopes . The luck virus . Maybe we can get out of this mess . I 'll have that . The lab boys are gonna want to run tests on it . ( CAPTAIN ) Where 's the other one ? I 'm afraid I lost it , sir . Goddammit , Rimmer ! I wanted that ... I mean , the lab boys wanted it to test it too . Damn ! - This is all your fault . - My fault ? You betrayed us over the confidential file scam . - Stole the sexual magnetism virus . - Lied to us . And behaved like a self-serving , scum-sucking , ruthless little rat bag ! And that 's bad ? ( CAPTAIN ) You have been found guilty of contravening Act 21 of the Space Federation . Before sentencing , you will have medicals so you can be assigned appropriate prison status . I 've buggered this up a bit , haven 't I ? Welcome to the Tank . ( SONG ) It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere I 'm all alone , more or less Let me fly far away from here Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose Drinking fresh mango juice Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun
