 ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) I understand you played an idiotic prank on a senior and much-respected officer yesterday . That is not true . We played the prank on Mr Ackerman , sir . - I mean Mr Ackerman . - Oh , I see . What happened ? We inserted a capsule of the truth serum sodium Pentothal into his aspirin inhaler . Which is why he rushed onto the bridge this morning , apologised for being late , saying he 'd been having jiggy-jiggy with the science officer 's wife , and hadn 't allowed enough time to change out of his Batman outfit . Permission to snigger , sir . Permission refused . May have to snigger anyway , sir . - Do either of you have anything to say ? - About what , sir ? About Mr Ackerman . About him being late and wearing a Batman outfit . Has he considered being Tarzan ? Costume change would be much quicker . You two are both serving a two-year sentence in the brig . Do you wanna get out ever ? It 's just that Mr Ackerman 's so horrible , sir . I am not , sir ! I 'm extremely nice ! Lovely , in fact . Warm , caring , but most of all , nice . Hence my nickname - Nicey Ackerman . That 's why I entered the service , sir - so I could share my sunny disposition with inmate scum who didn 't have my start in life . He 's been horrible from the day we met him . Today , we have a new intake . To them I say , obey the rules , keep out of trouble , and your time here will pass much more pleasantly . Welcome to floor 13 . He seems like a nice guy . If you want to speak , ask my permission . - I was just saying how nice you seemed . - You spoke again . I was paying you a compliment , buddy ! I was saying you seemed to be a fair-minded guy , not one of these psycho types . You spoke again ! Come on . Back me up . Hang on . Wait . I get it . I 'll shut up . I 'll shut up . Now stop hitting me . That is definitely ... - That is totally untrue , sir . - Save it , Mr Ackerman . I thought long and hard about a suitable punishment and I 've come up with this . You and a team of your choice will play basketball against a team of guards led by Mr Ackerman . God bless you , sir . Where you will be trounced and humiliated in front of the entire inmate population . If we lose , Baxter and his cronies will beat us to a pulp . You 'd better win , then . Here , guys . Way to go ! - You were supposed to be picking up Rice . - I did . We 're meeting for drinks on Thursday . - Not that kind of picking up , you ninny ! - We gotta stop arguing . We can 't lose this . - It 's all taken care of . - As soon as the guards swig their juice . A skutter 's got something out of the medi lab - that stuff that helps impotent guys . - Boing , the virility enhancement drug ? - Yeah . We 've Mickey Finned their drinks . Within seconds , you 're harder than a quadratic equation . It doesn 't wear off for seven hours . Those guys are going to be like catapults ! That will seriously slow them down . Try moving fast with a fishing pole in your pants ! Get out there and kill . They 're lambs to the slaughter . Go on . ( WHISTLE ) Come on . Get your hands up ! Get your hands on the ball and shoot ! Seven hours . Do you know how long that is ? I couldn 't remove my shorts until after midnight . When I wanted a leak , I had to do a handstand on the toilet seat . I stopped the lift doors from closing - I wasn 't even catching a lift . - Did it come from the medi lab ? - Yes . How ? If it was one of those damn skutters , I 'll have it crushed . It was me , sir , when the doc 's back was turned . I went to the medi lab for a sick note , but the doc didn 't accept it was possible to have athlete 's hand . First thing tomorrow , you 're on spud duty for two weeks . Now get out of my sight , both of youse . Hah ! - ( LISTER SIGHS ) - Stuck ? - Yeah . God , this is hard ! - Are you doing a crossword ? No , join the dots . - What number are you stuck on ? - 124 . 124 ... 124 ... Have you tried 125 ? I know the number . It 's finding it that 's the hard bit . I 'm not some brain-dead simpleton . Ah , there it is . Look at that . It 's a bucket and spade ! It 's clever that , isn 't it ? Ah , supper ! Are we supposed to tip them ? I 'm never sure . I 've seen things more appetising on the floors of elephant houses . Only a total idiot would eat this . They call this meat ? My grandmother 's buttocks deep-fried in old chip fat would taste better than this . We 're on the punishment menu now . - No chips , no ice cream . - Because we 're on punishment detail ? Yeah . Kill Crazy says this is cloning experiments that have gone wrong with gravy slopped over to disguise it . You waited until I was swallowing to say that , didn 't you ? He swears he got something with two noses in it . He didn 't . They can 't do that . It 's illegal . His starter sneezed . - Jimbo Steele was a witness . - Kill Crazy 's insane . He 's got lots of strange ideas . He reckons when they flush a loo on a plane , it drops out . That 's why you can 't go to the lav when the plane 's standing on the runway - for fear of skid starts . - He 's probably right . - Of course he isn 't . - Why else won 't they let you go ? - I don 't know . Maybe they 're helping you break up the journey . If you went first off , you 'd have nothing to do after you 'd eaten your cheese . Kill Crazy 's probably right . That 's why houses on the flight path are so cheap . - Because of all the flushing planes ? - Think about it . You can 't sunbathe or have a barbecue , and you have to go out in a washable hat and leg it to your car . It 's the noise . Houses on the flight path are cheap because of the noise . The noise ? But they 're half a mile up . You 'd never hear people on the loo from that distance . - Not unless they were like my Uncle Dan . - Not eating ? Yeah . In a minute . ( TAPPING ) Tee-hah ! Ooh ! Chicken vindaloo ! Nice one , Bob ! You didn 't forget the poppadoms , did you ? Here 's something for you . - Same time tomorrow . - ( SQUEAKY KISS ) Cheers . Did he get the stiffening solution for the basketball game ? Yeah , he can get anything , can Bob . - A claw in every pie ! - Tomorrow , we 're on spud duty , and those knives are as sharp as a chemistry teacher 's cardigan . Can he get us a couple of good potato peelers ? Hang on . I 'm onto something here . Forget the potato peelers . We want one of those programmable viruses from the science block . Programmable what ? They were on Z deck . I wonder if the nanos have reconstructed them . You can programme them to do anything you want . You name it . We could programme them to eat the potato skins and leave the rest intact . We wouldn 't have to lift a finger . Two weeks of hell would become potato paradise . I 'll get on the blower to Bob 's missus . She 'll take a message . - Bob 's got a missus ? - Yeah , Madge . She 's amazing . 0 to 60 in under ten minutes . ( RHYTHMIC TAPPING ) ( RHYTHMIC TAPPING IN RESPONSE ) ( RHYTHMIC TAPPING ) ( SINGLE TAP IN RESPONSE ) ( RHYTHMIC TAPPING ) - ( TWO TAPS ) - ( TWO TAPS ) ( EXCHANGE OF RAPID TAPPING ) - ( TWO TAPS ) - ( THREE TAPS ) - Damn ! - Can 't they help us ? No . Wrong number . I got the Chinese laundry . Do you need anything ironing ? Remember , two entire battalions went missing from this ship . Vanished without trace . We must stick together and remain vigilant . You lose concentration for a split second , and you 're all alone and easy pickings for some hostile life-form . I know you think I 'm a fusspot when it comes to safety procedures , but it 's staying alert that has kept us all ... Kept us ... ( TINY VOICE ) Hello . Oh , Creator ! I 'm on my own . Hey , buddy . We 're in here . What is the point of my " Stay alert , everyone " pep talk if no one is listening ? - What ? - Look at this . What are they , Hol ? They look uncannily like something you should be very afraid of . - What ? - Mime artists . They chase you in trendy town centres and freeze when you look at them . - Everyone laughs at you . - I 've never seen this before . A group of men who display the normal life signs but seem incapable of movement . Never seen QPR play away , then . " Tempus . " That 's Latin for " time " . I didn 't even know the Romans built spaceships . Somehow , this device has caused time to freeze . Obviously , they used it erroneously . Where did you come from , and how did you get hold of that ? It 's some kind of tem porary sto rage unit . Extraordinary ! This could be a great device for settling arguments ! Don 't mess with that thing . It can re ally screw ooh-ooh-ooh you up . It appears to digitise time and then download it and store it on a hard drive . This pure time can then be uploaded into objects or places . - To freeze people ? - They 're not frozen . - They 're operating in a different time stream . - So they 're moving , but slowly ? About the same speed as the average Little Chef waitress . That 's why they don 't appear to be doing anything . So this device has the ability to make time come to a complete stop . What else can it do ? What 's happened ? Kryten , why are you so big , and why do I suddenly feel like a Vimto ? Wagh ! You gotta get me back to normal ! Do something . I can 't go back like this ! Why not ? You may only be three feet tall , but you 're both as cute as buttons . - What 's happened to my hair ? - And what 's happened to mine ? You look like the Turkish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest . It seems to have restored your hair to a previous time period to the rest of you . It 's regressed your outfits to a previous time . You still look like the Turkish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest . Here 's a question . Can you unfreeze these guys but take them back in time so they have no memory of finding this ? - I think so . Why ? - If we can smuggle this thing onto Red Dwarf , it can make our prison terms pass in seconds . Leave this to me . I have an excellent place to conceal it . ( SQUEAKS THEME FROM " THE GREAT ESCAPE " ) Nice one , Bob ! ( CHOIR SINGS DRAMATIC OPERA-TYPE THEME ) - It 's not working , is it ? - Give it a bit of time to get going . Look ... Look . - It 's working on this one . - Yes ! - And here 's another . And another . - Yes ! And another ! Fan-smegging-tastic . We 're on our way . They 'll do the whole damn room in minutes . - What 's happened to your sleeve , man ? - What ? - Your sleeve . - My God ! They 're eating my clothes . ( LAUGHS ) Well ? It wasn 't me , sir , it was him . He made me do it . You Judas ! We 'd agreed to refuse to talk . Let me blame you , then I 'll refuse to talk . If I ever , ever see you in this office again , then you 're in the hole . Is that what you want ? - ( BOTH ) No , sir . - Well , then . Get out . Thank you , sir . Thank you . You haven 't been to the medi bay to get this virus off , have you ? - I probably shouldn 't have shaken your hand . - Big mistake . - We 'll be going , sir . - Right now . That 's it ! Two months in the hole ! Sir , what about me athlete 's hand ? Now ! ( KRYTEN ) We zap the ship with a two-year download of time . The records will show that we are free to be released . This machine 's amazing ! Can it do boob jobs , too ? I 'm just thinking about the future . - You spilt my soup . - Sorry , Baxter , non-bud . It was an accident . Hot Bovril . Agh ! Grr ! Look at him . The big lug . I 'd hate to clean the bath out after him . You 'd need a sander to get rid of the tide mark and a leaf vac to hoover the hair . Fix him . Fix him with the time wand . Watch this . ( LAUGHS ) - Hello ! - There 's someone in here with us ! Yeah , it 's that bloke sitting next to you . - Who are you ? - They call me Birdman . Why 's that ? Because he really likes instant custard ( ! ) Why do you think ? This is Pete . He 's nine years old , which in sparrow years is nine years old . So , that makes him ... Nine ? Nine ! That 's right . Met him before , have you ? Two months of this ! God ! ( DRILLING ) What 's this ? ( SQUEAKING " GREAT ESCAPE " THEME ) ( RIMMER ) What happened ? ( LISTER ) They 're all frozen on the spot . Yvonne McGruder did this when I tried to kiss her . This 'll drive them crazy ! - ( KRIS ) Hey ! - Guys ! - Buddies ! - This is Birdman . And this is Pete . We found this machine that can digitise time . We can release jets of it . It can make our sentence pass in a nano second . Hats off , sirs . - There 's something wrong with Pete . - What ? He 's gone all stiff ! He must have drunk the guards ' half-time juice . Not that kind of stiff . He 's dead . The excitement of being free has killed him ! He really loved that bird . It was the only thing that kept him going . I think the time wand could bring Pete back to life - make him young and strong again . Watch . ( ROAR ) - Holy ... ... smeg ! ( ROAR ) Where the hell did Barney 's ugly brother come from ? From Pete , sir . Birds are descended from dinosaurs . I inadvertently reversed evolution several million years . An old Cat saying has particular relevance here . It goes like this - we are all gonna die ! Pete ? Is that you , Pete ? Birdman ! ( SNEEZES ) Gesundheit . You want some seed ? That 's a no , then , is it ? What now , sir ? Follow the Rimmer-shaped blur ! ( POUNDING FOOTSTEPS ) ( SONG ) It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere I 'm all alone , more or less Let me fly far away from here Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose Drinking fresh mango juice Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun
