 ( RIMMER ) What happened ? ( LISTER ) They 're frozen on the spot . Yvonne McGruder did this when I tried to kiss her . This 'll drive them crazy ! This machine digitises time - we can release jets of it . It 's restored your hair to a previous time period . It was an accident . Hot Bovril . Agh ! - Fix him with the time wand . - Watch this . And this is Pete . The excitement of being free has killed him ! He really loved that bird . It was the only thing that kept him going . I think the time wand could bring Pete back to life - make him young and strong again . Watch . ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) Where did Barney 's ugly brother come from ? From Pete , sir . Birds are descended from dinosaurs . I inadvertently reversed evolution several million years . Is that you , Pete ? Birdman ! What now , sir ? Follow the Rimmer-shaped blur ! Hey , Pete ! Eat me ! Here , Bob . Catch ! ( POUNDING FOOTSTEPS ) Bob ! ( ROARS ) Bob ! ( BOB SQUEAKS ) Come on , Kryten . Hurry up ! Leg-it mode , sir . - We 've lost the time wand . - How are we gonna get rid of that thing now ? We 're finished ! Stop yelling . Let 's think our way out of this . We 're finished ! Shut up and get a grip , man . I 'm sorry . It 's just I was ... Look , I 'm better now . - Can I just say one thing ? - Go on . We 're finished ! Hol , we 've been cornered by a T. Rex that was formerly a sparrow . The only thing that can turn it back into a bird is in its stomach . Any ideas ? - Do you want the long or the short version ? - Ooh ... Long . You 're finished . What 's the short version ? Bye . - Kryten . - Yes , ma 'am ? How long will it take for Pete to pass the time wand out of his system ? I don 't have that information in my database . My programmers , for some insane reason , believed dinosaur bowel movement frequency tables wouldn 't be required . Imbeciles ! What 's your suggestion ? The quicker we get the time wand back , the better , right ? So why don 't we lure Pete into the food bay and get him to eat some roughage ? Get a T. Rex to eat roughage ? Yeah ! All Bran , prunes , baked beans on toast . That sort of stuff . We can 't get Lister to eat that , let alone a dinosaur . The more roughage , the quicker we get the time wand back . - Have you got a better idea ? - Yes , I have . I 'm going to kill myself . ( ROARING ) We 've got to keep this dinosaur business quiet or we 're dead . Keep him quiet ? He 's rampaging about the food decks , making more noise than two yodelling champions on honeymoon . - Everyone will have heard him by now . - But , sir , the crew are frozen , operating on a different time stream . If we can turn Pete back into a sparrow before the freeze expires , - no one need be any the wiser . - He 's right . I listened to everything he said , and I still ain 't got a clue what 's happening . ( ROARS ) ( KRYTEN ) Right over , sir . Right over . Cow vindaloo ? It 's not gonna work . - Of course it 's gonna work . - T. Rexes don 't like curry . They 're hard , aren 't they ? Of course they like curries ! If a T. Rex was a bloke , he 'd be a Geordie - the kind of guy who wears T-shirts in winter and his nipples don 't even get hard . A seven-ton theropod is not gonna eat Indian food . They like flesh , preferably living , liberally coated in blood with a side order of intestines and extra blood - a bit like the French in that respect . We 've got nothing to lose . If the worst comes to the worst and the dino doesn 't eat it , I 'll scoff it meself . ( ROARS ) - That door won 't hold out much longer . - If only that T. Rex felt like I do now . He wouldn 't even need a curry . - Don 't put that stuff in . You 'll spoil the taste . - Right . Here he comes . ( CLANGING , POUNDING ) - ( PURRING GROWL ) - It 's loving it ! Maybe we should have made some poppadoms . Gone the whole hog . A whole hog ? Like it wasn 't hard enough getting a whole cow ? ( ROARS ) Think he wants a lager . ( GROWLING ROAR ) ( WAILING GROAN ) It was a hot one , but I thought it could stand it . ( WAILS ) ( SPLINTERING CRASH ) The time freeze must have ... If only those buttons were more clearly marked ! The rules on dinosaurs aboard JMC mining ships are very clear . No pets . Am I right ? Am I right ? ! - Yes , sir . - Have you any idea - the damage that thing has caused ? - No , sir . It has eaten our entire supply - two and a half tons - of mint-choc ice cream . I love mint-choc ice cream , and that damn dino has eaten every last bit . - We just wanted the time wand back , sir . - It 's also eaten 400 crates of orange ice pops , and drunk all the Coca Cola . Guess what . - You love orange ice pops and Coca Cola . - I LOVE orange ice pops and Coca Cola ! If you just let us ... Do you know what happens when a dinosaur eats cow vindaloo , then eats two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream , followed by 400 crates of orange ice pops , and swills the whole thing down with 2,000 gallons of a popular fizzy drink ? Do you know what happens ? It burps ? Oh , it burps ! And do you know what happened to the poor , brave men who had the misfortune to get in the way of that burp ? They went , " Phwoar ! " It took out the entire platoon , hurling them 20 feet across the cargo bay wall . I hope this one small dinosaur incident won 't tarnish an otherwise flawless record , sir . Do you know what happens when a dinosaur eats cow vindaloo , two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream , followed by 400 crates of orange ice pops , and swills it all down with 2,000 gallons of a popular fizzy drink AFTER it 's burped ? - It feels sick ? - Oh , no . It doesn 't FEEL sick , Rimmer . It IS sick . Five of our best men nearly drowned . Two others are in hospital , concussed by pieces of carrot the size of tree trunks . We are really deeply , deeply , deeply sorry , sir . Do you know what happens when a dinosaur has eaten cow vindaloo , then eats two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream followed by ... - Oh , God , it didn 't ! - It didn 't what , Lister ? It didn 't get a diarrhoea attack , did it ? 100 per cent correct ! And do you know what happened to the battalion that was sneaking up on the beast ? From behind ? Of which I was a proud member ? Do you know ? Do you know what happened ? - I 've got a fair idea , sir . - A fair idea , sir . A tidal wave . 15 feet high . I will be in therapy for the rest of my life . I 've had 12 baths and three showers . Now , do you have anything to say ? I think you missed a bit up your left nostril , sir . Nobody knows how to work this thing . It is sedated in the cargo bay . Turn it back into a sparrow . Sir , what about Bob ? Did he show up ? Who the hell do you think landed on my head ? He is in repairs , being oiled . Bring back the sparrow . - And if you try anything smart , you 're dead . - Yes , sir . And if I ever , ever , ever see you in this office again , you are finished . See you in ten minutes ? See you in ten minutes ? See you in ten minutes ? See you in ten minutes ? See you in ten minutes ? See you in ten minutes ? Did you get punishment duty , too ? I 've got to iron 800 prison smocks . I don 't understand . Why do you get punishment duty and I get a reward ? 800 ! Bliss ! Did you see the captain 's report ? The one lying open on his desk . Did you see what it said about you ? It used the word " imbecile " four times in one sentence . Oh , yeah ? What were the other words in the sentence ? Just your name and a dash . You make two tiny mistakes - give the captain a virus that eats all his hair off , turn a sparrow into a dinosaur - and you never hear the last of it ! ( SIGHS ) He really thinks I 'm an imbecile ? I 'm never going to make it into high command now . Only people who know you think you 're an imbecile . Everyone else thinks you 're a moron . He is a good captain , though , Captain Hollister - on the ball . Quick . Quick ? The only time he 's quick is when he 's passing a salad bar . - You do admire him , though , don 't ya ? - Admire him ? A man who has his own cinema pick and mix factory in his quarters ? A man who has a walk-in fridge ? Who lists as his hobbies , chewing and swallowing ? You did tell me once before , though , you respect HIM , don 't ya ? Respect him ? A man whose family crest is made up of two cream buns and a profiterole ? A man who ... He 's standing behind me , isn 't he ? Yes , he is . I was just talking about you , sir . I was saying what a big fat lump of blubber you are and how that potato virus I contracted yesterday has had no side effects . ( JABBERS ) You forgot this . You left it in my office . Do you have any idea the damage that this could cause if it got into the wrong hands ? Look after it ! You 're there . I know you 're there , you little sod ! Come on . Out ! Out ! There 's a mouse under here . It 's been scuttling around . - It 's not a mouse , ma 'am . It 's Archie . - Archie ? My penis . It must have escaped . I must get my ears syringed . Do you know what that sounded like to me ? I made one . Forget my ears . Maybe my whole brain needs syringing . You made one ? Out of an electron board , a loo roll , some sticky-backed plastic and an Action Man 's polo-neck jumper . Kryten , why do you want one ? It 's so humiliating being posted to the women 's wing just because I 'm genitally challenged , so I made one like Mr Lister 's . The little rascal must have got bored jumping in and out of his hoop . No wonder I couldn 't lure him out with cheese . This whole thing 's making sense now . Leave this to me , ma 'am . Here , Archie . Here , boy . Chook-chook-chook . - There he is ! - ( TRILLING ) ( ECHOING TRILLING ) - Do you realise what this means ? - No , ma 'am . - It means you 're a real man . - Why ? Because , like all men , you have no control over your penis . I 'm so proud ! Archie , come back ! All right , girls ? New Canary mission . - What ? - Untamed dino on the loose . We 're not going in till we know what we 're doing . That could take years . Point that thing at yourself by mistake and you could wind up as a sperm . - Is that what you want ? - Hell , no ! None of my suits will fit ! If that gizmo thing don 't work , Captain says we 've gotta get that T. Rex . - We ain 't using no guns . - Guns are for wusses . It 's gonna be hand-to-hand combat . A fist fight with a T. Rex ? Yeah , but them T. Rexes , mate , they only got little arms . They ain 't got no reach . I 'll just pick it off . - Can 't reach anything with them little arms . - That 's probably why they 're a bit grumpy . - Oh , my God ! - What ? - Something 's wrong ! - What do you mean , man ? Something 's inside me and it wants to get out ! Agh ! Help ! ( TRILLING ) - What is it ? - I think it 's Archie , sir . - It 's who ? - He probably followed us . He must have dozed off in the Cat 's pocket and just woke up . Who the smeg is Archie ? Don 't be alarmed , sir . It 's just my penis is on the loose . ( CAT YELLS ) ( YELLING ) We wanna barney with Barney . Don 't want any sane people spoiling it . Death or glory . Yee-hah ! Hang on , guys . Wait a minute . ( GRUNTS ) This thing 's useless . Say goodbye to your teeth ! Agh ! We 're getting our butts kicked and it doesn 't hurt . See ? I 'm not even bleeding . You 're right . They put your bodies on a different time stream to the rest of you . Let 's go ! You lost the time wand ? - We were ambushed , sir . - By whom ? - First of all by ... - ( RIMMER PROTESTS ) - Then we were jumped by ... Sir . - ( PROTESTS ) That 's it ? OK . No more Mr Nice Guy . No more second chances . You get that time wand back . You get that sparrow back . And if you step outta line one more time , one more time , you 're dead , do you understand ? What was that ? I feel ... Ooh ! What the hell is going on ? The effects of the fight have caught up with us . Get out of here , both of you ! Out ! Agh ! Getting that time wand back could take for ever . They can zap us with it and turn us into anything . I don 't think getting it back is gonna be much of a problem . ( GRUNTING ) ( GENTLE SNORING ) - ( RIMMER ) It 's going to go wrong , isn 't it ? - I 've just got to press " Undo " . The time wand will undo everything it 's done . We 'll even get Birdman back . - Something 's gonna go wrong . - Will you relax ? Birdman 's boots . Now to get the rest of him back . Pete ate me ! He ate me ! He must be really out of sorts . He 's never eaten me before . Never . Pete ! - ( TWEETING ) - Do you want some seed ? - Now destroy the time wand . - This machine 's priceless . Destroy it . ( CRACKING ) What are we gonna do now ? Now rebuild the time wand . It 's absolutely priceless ! Stop that dinosaur ! - It 's gone in the lift ! - Get it back ! Oh ! That coconut milk felt great . Oh , I 'm such a wreck ! ( MOANS ) Whoa ! ( MOANS ) That 's great . Oh ! There 's a certain roughness about your touch that really hits the spot ! ( BELLOWING ROAR ) The hole , sir . ( SONG ) It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere I 'm all alone , more or less Let me fly far away from here Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose Drinking fresh mango juice Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun
