 [ Scully ] it begins where it ends- - In nothingness . A nightmare born from deepest fears ... Coming to me unguarded , Whispering images unlocked from time and distance . A soul unbound , touched by others but never held ... On a course charted by some unseen hand . The journey ahead promising no more ... Than my past reflected back upon me ... Until , at last , I reach the end , Facing a truth I can no longer deny , Alone , as ever . X-Files Season 5 Episode 07 - Emily Excuse me . I 'm looking for the special-Needs ward . Second door in the main hall . Thanks . Emily ? I 'd like you to meet a friend of mine . His name is Mulder . Remember I told you about him ? Hi . She 's a little shy . What are you coloring ? A potato . Have you ever seen Mr. Potato head ? He looks like this . Doesn 't he ? I 'll be right back , okay ? Thank you for coming . Something 's wrong , isn 't it ? I found Emily 's surrogate mother . I had Frohike hack into the California social services adoption database . You got a name ? Yeah . Her mother of record is one Anna Fugazzi . Fugazzi ? Yeah , as in slang term for " fake . " I don 't understand . Why create a false record ? Because there are no true records . Emily didn 't come into this world through any system that keeps them . Well , how did she come into this world ? Have you asked yourself that ? Well , she was born to someone . She had to belong to someone . Someone who 's proven that they 'll do anything to protect her ... Or their interest in her . I can protect her too . And who 's gonna protect you ? Emily 's adoptive parents are both dead by no accident . I know . I- - I 've considered that , but I 've also considered ... That there 's only one right thing to do . Emily . Why didn 't you call me sooner ? Because I couldn 't believe it . But I need you now to be a witness on my behalf in this hearing . And I should have declined ... If I never want to see you hurt or harmed in any way . Then why are you here ? Because I know something that I haven 't said , Something that they 'll use against you ... To jeopardize your custody of Emily . No matter how much you love this little girl , She 's a miracle that was never meant to be , Scully . They 're ready for you . [ Man ] agent Mulder , help me out here . Does F.B.I. Stand for federal bureau of imagination ? Am I to understand that your partner , Along with a dozen other women in Allentown , Pennsylvania , Was abducted by employees of our federal government ? She was missing for four weeks . That 's documented in the file . And you found evidence that during this time , She was subjected to a series of experiments ... Where , you say , they extracted her ova ? Yes . All of them . Can that be done ? I believe it can ... And was ... And that Emily Sim was conceived as a result of those experiments . And that can be done as well ? I don 't know how else to explain it . A medical exam of miss Scully would show that she hasn 't given birth . You know , Under normal circumstances , This petition would be fairly simple . But I 'm having a hard time wrapping my brain around this ... Michael Crichton bit . I included this information in anticipation of your reaction ... And how it might look if you received this information without any explanation . Can you give me an explanation ... Why anyone would kidnap Miss Scully ... To conceive this child , then put it up for adoption ? No , but the fact remains that miss Scully is the mother of this child . Not in any legal definition . Well , if you can show me a legal precedent for this case , I 'd like to see it . Dana has known for quite some time that she can 't bear children . She hasn 't known why . Now , however that happened , The fact that she can adopt this child , her own flesh and blood , Is something I don 't feel I have the right to question ... And I don 't believe anybody has the right to stand in the way of . Takes two of us just to get my sister - In-Law into bed these days . When is she due ? Two weeks ago . Why didn 't you tell me , Mulder ? I never expected this . I thought I was protecting you . Why would they do this to me ? I only know that genetic experiments were being done , That children were being created . Children being created for who ? For who ? For what ? I don 't know . [ Phone ringing ] Hello . Hello ? Hello . Is anybody there ? I need a call traced . An incoming call to residential line 550-0380 . Mulder- - Don 't hang up . Okay , thanks . I got a trace . County children 's center . [ Pounding ] What is it ? What 's the matter ? Has anyone been here in the last half hour ? No . What 's going on ? She 's burning up . I 'll call 911 . Scully . There 's something on her neck . Oh , my god . Okay , now , that doesn 't hurt . I 'm gonna turn this little thing . All right . I 'll try back later . I just spoke to the social worker . She hasn 't been able to reach Emily 's doctor . Hi . How is she ? Well , we 've put her on a saline drip to rehydrate her . She 's running a fever of about 102 . It 's good you got her here when you did . Do you know what 's causing it ? Some kind of infection , probably related to the cyst on her neck . Do you know what that is ? No . I 'm having it biopsied . I 'll get it off to the lab right away . Now , are you two the parents ? - I 'm her mother . - Oh , okay . Well , can you give me any history that might help ? I know that she was being treated for anemia . Do you know what type ? I was told ... That it was some kind of autoimmune hemolytic anemia . Her treatment is experimental . Who 's her doctor ? His name is Calderon . I don 't know him . Emily , I 'm gonna roll you onto your side , sweetie . Wait ! Wait , wait , wait . Stop ! Stop ! Move away from her ! - Move away from her ! - Sir , I need to get in there . [ Mulder ] get away from her ! Get away ! Don 't go in there . [ Gasping ] Is she still sleeping ? They have her on a mild sedative . The E.R. Doctor is in and out of consciousness . How did you know ? If Emily is someone 's creation , Then it occurred to me that she might share the same body chemistry ... That we 've seen before . I had them put the doctor in a cooling bath like you did when I was exposed to this . So what now ? I mean , she 's still just a little girl . You say that I can 't protect her , but I can 't let this be her life . Just a few days ago , she was fine . She was also being treated . I need some advice . With everything that 's happening here , I 'm a little at sea . This Dr. Calderon you say is Emily 's physician ? He 's refusing to transfer her medical records . He can 't do that . He 's endangering her life . He said Emily was in his care , And if you 're responsible for stopping that , then you 're the one endangering her . It 's an ethical violation . He says she was part of a double-Blind medical trial ... And that he 's spoken to you about it . He also says you have no authority over this child . Well , authority or not , I 'm not leaving her side . It 's beyond me , I 'm afraid . But it 's not beyond Dr. Calderon . I 'd like to say right up front that I know Emily Sim personally ... As your partner probably told you , and , uh- - My god , I never met a sweeter , more courageous little girl . I 'm so sorry to hear about her downturn . My hope is that these custody issues can be resolved ... So that she can resume her treatment here . But I 'm afraid I simply can 't release any information about her ... As it relates to our company 's experimental drug trials . What can I say to convince you ? It 's really not about convincing me . This is something that- - Well , that we simply cannot do . It 's purely a business reality . It has to do with Prangen 's exposure to litigation . And , of course , I 'll need to protect research ... Which , frankly , represents a significant dollar investment . So I 'm wasting your time . This is not worth the life of a three-Year-Old girl . I wouldn 't frame it like that . That 's not it at all . Look , I 'm truly sorry , but there 's really nothing I can do . However , I do wish you the very best . Okay , then . How you feeling now ? A little more helpful ? Condescending liar ! Help ! Why don 't you tell me what your company is really in business for ? Huh ? Abducting women and stealing their unborn children . Medical rapists , that 's all you are ! Now you 're gonna let that little girl die ? She 's just a lab rat to you ! Why don 't you tell me whose life is worth saving- - Yours or hers ? I want everything to help that little girl ! [ Door opens ] I 'll be back . [ Alarm chirps ] We 're ready . Can you give me a minute with her ? Hi . [ TV character ] something was going and got worse . Hey , Loofah sponge . What are you doing here ? Sweetie . In a minute a nurse is gonna take you to do some tests . Mommy said no more tests . We just want you to get better . That 's what these tests are about . [ Whirring ] [ Whirring continues ] He came to see me . He knows I 'm involved . Now you brought him to see us . Uh , what do you want me to tell him ? Nothing . [ Alarm chirps ] I hope you know what this is . A neoplastic mass , a tumorous infection . The cyst in the back of Emily 's neck seems to be the point of origin . And from her blood test last night and her sed read this morning , It also seems to be growing rapidly . Is it cancer ? No . Cancer grows out of control . These are anaerobic channels following the path of the central nervous system . They have the effect of killing the surrounding tissue , Depriving it of the oxygen it needs to survive . Its point of origin is proximal to the brain and central nervous system . It couldn 't be in a worse place . Can you put her on antivirals ? I 've got her on a levophed drip to keep her blood pressure up . She 's getting steroids intravenously to bring down inflammation . We could attempt radiation therapy . No , you can 't do that . Her immune system 's too weak . Well , what can you do ? Has anyone spoken to Dr. Calderon about this ? Dr. Calderon ? [ Beeping ] Get Dr. Vinet in there and call the police . [ Woman ] Dr. Vinet to isolation . Dr. Vinet to isolation . Halt ! Dr. Calderon ! F.B.I. ! Stop that man ! [ Cell phone ringing ] Yeah . [ Scully ] Mulder , where are you ? I 'm following Dr. Calderon . What do you mean you 've been following him ? I just saw him . There was a scare here . Where ? He was here . He came into Emily 's room . It appears as if he injected her with something . Is she all right ? She seems to be . But we 're running a tox screen anyway . Whatever he injected her with , I don 't think he meant to harm her . - What are you talking about ? - I think Dr. Calderon went there to try to treat her . That doesn 't make sense . Why would he endanger her before only to protect her now ? As a bluff . I don 't think they want her dead either , but for different reasons . Look , I 'm gonna catch up with you , all right ? Detective . Happy new year . Thanks for coming down . I 'm posting two cops outside her room . That may not be necessary . What if this guy Calderon is thinking about coming back ? There seems to be some indication that he came here to help her . I don 't understand . You said on the phone ... That he was somehow connected to the death of Emily 's parents . Because Emily 's mother wanted to stop the tests , just like I did . And I guess that 's why he came here . Because as much as they will do anything to remove what gets in their way , It seems that they need Emily to continue the tests . [ Knocking ] Hello . Anna Fugazzi ? Yes . Your name is Anna Fugazzi ? Yes . Are you the new doctor ? No , I 'm not . Is that your real name ? Yes , for the last 71 years . Were you looking for me ? Not until now . [ Scully ] I don 't understand . Just an hour ago you said that she was getting better . That 's right . Her fever 's down . Her vital signs are nearly back to normal . But these latest M.R.I. ' s are telling me ... That this growth has continued to spread . In her arms , I 'm now seeing what looks like ... A necrotizing of the tissue . It 's killing her . Whatever it is , It may have already been present in some amount . Basically , it 's shut down her body ... While it continues to grow . We should be thankful that she 's not in any pain . I presented all this information to the court . And I have to tell you that there is great concern ... That you are making decisions for this child . And they seem to be having no small effect on her health . Miss Chambliss , I am a medical doctor , And the decisions that I make are reasonable and right . But I have it right here in this report that Dr. Calderon 's treatment ... Has actually resulted in a turnaround . No , that 's not true . The injection that Dr. Calderon gave her is actually making her worse . Miss Scully , I want to say something to you , And I don 't want you to take this the wrong way . But I don 't think that you are capable right now ... Of responding with any clinical ability . Do you think I don 't want what 's best for this child ? Do you think that I 'm not trying to save her life ? I 'm saying that I 'm getting wildly differing reports . I have a job to do . I 'm not the ultimate authority here , but you don 't have the authority either ... Over this child or her future . You can get a court order , and you can try and enforce it . But I suggest that if your job is to do what 's best for this child , You do everything in your power to tell the authorities ... That if they take Emily out of this hospital , They are going to hasten her illness , And I will make it known that all of you are responsible . What do you want me to tell them you 're doing for her ? I don 't know yet , But I will . Christina Sherman ... Delivered a healthy baby girl September 25 , 1994 . Gretchen miller . Delivered a baby boy march 18 , 1996 . Evelyn Burmeister . Evelyn Burmeister . Delivered a baby boy ... June 21 , 1994 . That makes eight for eight . Are you in adoption services , Mulder ? No , I 'm at the maternity ward . Any fetching young mothers in there ? You might have a shot here , Frohike . You know anything about pharmaceuticals ? Medicinal or , uh , recreational ? There 's two prescriptions on their med charts that all these women have in common . Abbreviated- - Pmz 200 and Durtab . Estrogen and progesterone . Hormones . That doesn 't make any sense . Pregnant women have those hormones in abundance . You wouldn 't give those to pregnant women . You would these . Anna . There 's a doctor that comes to visit you , a Dr. Calderon . Yes . Do you know where he is ? Actually , I 'm looking for him . He 's supposed to be here . I was going to start my beauty sleep . Your beauty sleep . What is that ? He said it 's taken years off my appearance . You okay in there , Emily ? Good . I 'm gonna be right here the whole time , okay ? We 're gonna put extra air in there , so let me know if your ears start to hurt . [ Hissing ] You okay , sweetie ? Turn it off . - Turn it off now ! - I 'm doing it , ma 'am . It 's okay , sweetie . Settle down . We 're gonna get you out of there as fast as we can , okay ? Flinch and you 're dead . Hands where I can see ' em . What have you got there ? Just give it to me slowly . Up against the wall . Spread your legs . Who are you ? Detective Kresge , San Diego P.D. Detective Kresge , I 'm special agent Mulder with the F.B.I. Take that gun off me and put it on that man . Stop right there . Run . Get out of here . Don 't use your gun . Get out of here ! I said stop right there . - Kresge ! - I said stop right there . Don 't fire , Kresge ! I 'm an F.B.I. Agent . I have an emergency situation . I need an ambulance and backup . I don 't know where I am . Mulder . I got him inside . You have your weapon ? He 's in there on the floor . I got his hands cuffed . I got backup coming . They need a location though . I 'll take care of it . Just watch the guy . Detective Kresge is going to radio in the location . She 's gone into a coma . I 'm okay , Mulder . It 's what 's meant to be . But if you could treat her- - I wouldn 't . I wouldn 't do it to her . Are you sure ? Mulder , whoever brought this child into this world ... Didn 't intend to love her . I think she was- - She was born to serve an agenda . I have a chance to stop that . You were right . This child was not meant to be . I 'll stay with you . I think I 'd like to be alone . Are you ready ? I think I 'll get a ride back with Mulder . Bye-Bye , Matthew . We 'll see you at home , okay ? Who are the men who would create a life whose only hope is to die ? I don 't know . But that you found her ... And you had a chance to love her- - Maybe she was meant for that too . She found me . So you could save her . How 's detective Kresge ? He 's doing better . He 's out of the I.C.U. And the men who did this to him ? They already cleaned up the nursing home . All the women are being placed in new homes . There 's no evidence that anyone else at the Prangen Corporation ... Knew of Calderon 's work . There is evidence of what they did . Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru
