 [ Narrator ] Last time on Star Trek Voyager ... My God We don 't know exactly how many vessels are out there . But their space appears to be vast . It includes thousands of solar systems . All Borg . We are , no doubt , entering the heart of their territory . Captain , I 'm detecting 2 residual weapon signatures in the debris . One is Borg ; the other is of unknown origin . I 'd like to know what kind weapon could destroy the Borg . They refer to these new aliens as Species 8472 . Captain , it 's not the Borg we should be worried about it 's them . The alien cells are consuming his body from the inside out . In developing a treatment for Harry the Doctor has found a way to attack the aliens on a microscopic level . - An alliance with the Borg ? - More like an exchange . We offer them a way to defeat their new enemy . And in return we get safe passage through their space . State your demands . - Can you get a lock on the Captain ? - Not yet . [ Narrator ] And now the conclusion . - Report - The Borg shields are offline ... I 've got a lock on Captain Janeway . Get her out of there and break us free of the cube , stand by all weapons . Trying to energize ... the Borg are scattering the beam . Compensate . - No effect - We 're being hailed On screen Commander , cut the transporter beam . - Captain ? - Do it . I have reached an agreement with the collective . We 're going to help them design a weapon against Species 8472 In exchange they 've granted us save passage through their space . The Cube is altering course ; they 're heading towards the Alpha Quadrant . That 's part of the plan ... we 'll work on the weapon enroute . Once we 're across their territory , we 'll give them the nanoprobes . They appear to be holding up their end of the bargain , I suggest we do the same . How do you propose we begin this collaboration ? I 'm going to work here on the cube ... They have technology that 'll make the job go faster ; I want to take advantage of it . It 's not necessary for you to stay there ... - ... we can set up a comlink ... - It 's part of the deal I work here . Allright . As long as we are cooperating ... Maybe the Borg would be willing to disengage their tractor-beam . We can match their course without a leash I 'll propose it , Mr. Tuvok , transport to my coordinates . - Understood . - We 're going to make this work Commander . Janeway out . You 've heard the Captain . I 've replicated nearly 10 million Borg-nanoprobes Each of them reprogrammed to my specifications Each capable of targeting the alien tissue . Assimilating it . Just momentarily The Borg technology will die within seconds , taking the alien tissue along with it . Mr. Kim . I 'm about to inject in your arteries . You 'll feel a tingling sensation . Don 't be alarmed . Nice to see you again , Ensign - It 's working - Prepare another dose of nanoprobes Yes Doctor . Good work ; let me know when he 's back on his feet . Commander ... I must tell you , I have my doubts about this alliance . You may have convinced the Borg the nanoprobes can defeat their enemy ... But a medical treatment is a long way from a weapon of war . Leave that to the Captain . This situation is unpredictable , so we 're going to stay at red alert . Keep all the information about the nanoprobes stored in your holomatrix . Don 't worry ; I 'll delete myself at the first sign of trouble ... Well ... maybe not the first sign . We 've just received word Tuvok has beamed to the cube he 's joined the Captain . Keep a transporter lock on both of them . I 'll try , but the Borg already regenerating their shields . Try matching their shield frequencies . It won 't work , they 'll be able to adapt too quickly I don 't want to hear what we can 't do Lieutenant Just find a way to get our people out of there if we have to . Aye Sir . They 've released their tractor-beam Match their course and speed I never thought I 'd hear myself say this , but it looks like the Borg are cooperating . Kes ... Kes ... Kes ! What 's wrong ? They 're watching us ... May I ask where we 're being taken ? Grid 9-2 of Subjunction 12 . Our very own workspace it 's near the center of the Cube . These are my tricorder readings of the bio-ship that we examined I believe you will find them most revealing Have you compared this to the doctor 's analysis of the alien tissue ? Yes , many of the cellular structures are identical The aliens and their ships are made of the same organic material Apparently so . You have entered Grid 9-2 of Subjunction 12 Proceed Alright We 've analyzed one of the alien vessels and it appears to be constructed of organic material Vulnerable to the modified nanoprobes I suggest we begin thinking about a large scale delivery system . A way to infect their ships and destroy them at the micro ... We will begin ... What are you doing ? A neuro transceiver is required for maximum communication We will work as one mind . No , that wasn 't the agreement . The neural link is temporary You will not be damaged I don 't care I prefer to communicate verbally , thank you Your primitive communication is inefficient On the contrary , we work better with our individuality intact . Surely we 've proven it you by now Irrelevant , you must comply . We must do nothing ; tell your drone to remove the transceiver What about choosing a representative ... A single Borg we can work with and talk to directly Elaborate You 've done it before when you transformed Jean-Luc Picard into Locutus We will not be assimilated ... Choose a representative or the deal is off . [ Groans ] I speak for the Borg . I 'm Captain Janeway , this is Lieutenant Tuvok We 're aware of your designations What 's your designation ? Seven of Nine , of Uni-Matrix Zero One . But you may call me Seven of Nine You were proposing a large scale weapon . - We concur - I thought you might We could encase the nanoprobes in some of our photon torpedoes . In essence , turn them into bio-molecular warheads . Your torpedoes are inadequate They lack the necessary range and dispersal force Do you have a better Idea ? We are Borg . I take that as a yes . A multi-kinentic neutron mine . Five million isoton yield An explosion that size could affect an entire star system Correct . The shockwaves will disperse the nanoprobes over a radius of 5 light-years . That 's somewhat larger than I had in mind You 'll proposing a weapon of mass destruction - We are - Well I 'm not You 'll be endangering innocent worlds It would be efficient We would need approximately 50 trillion nanoprobes to arm this mine It would take the doctor several weeks to replicate that amount You are losing this conflict Are you willing to risk further delay ? Right now your enemy believes it is invulnerable If we create smaller weapons , using our torpedoes ... and destroy a few of their bio-ships ... It may deter them ; convince them to give up this war You are individuals You are small and you think in small terms But the present situation requires considering your plan Voyager 's weapons inventory Photon torpedo complement 32 , Class 6 Warhead Explosive yields 200 isotons . How did you obtain this information ? We are Borg . Naturally . Commander , we have some disturbing news . At this point I 'm getting used to it . Her telepathic visions are increasing ... both in frequency and intensity It feels different this time , it 's almost like they 're right here in the room . There it is again . I 'm trying to block them out but I can 't . Every time she has a vision , specific regions of her cerebral cortex going into a state of hyperstimulation . Memory engrams , perceptional centre I can 't be sure , but I think there is more going on here than just a simple hello Enhance this grid ; I want to take a closer look at the detonator . We must analyze the bio-ship ... your data . You 're human , aren 't you ? This body was assimilated 18 years ago ... it ceased to be human at that time . I 'm curious , what was your name ... Do not engage us in further irrelevant discourse . [ Beeping Sound ] We 're being hailed by your vessel . - Commander what is it ? - It 's Kes ... The doctor believes , that the aliens are accessing her memory . If that 's true , they may already know what we 're planning I 've ordered long range scans for bio-ships , nothing so far . We should alter course , try to throw them off . Agreed . Our course and heading have been changed . Match them and keep me apprised of any changes in Kes . Chakotay out . We now require one of your photon torpedoes and the nanoprobes . One step at a time ... We 're not safely across your territory yet . We must construct and test a prototype now . The risk of attack has increased . Irrelevant we had an agreement . You 're asking me to give up my only guarantee that you won 't assimilate us . I won 't risk it . Are you willing to risk a direct confrontation with us ? If we transport 500 drones onto your vessel . Do you believe you could offer efficient resistance ? We 'd die trying . That won 't be necessary . We must construct a launching system to accommodate this design . Glad you could join us Mr. Kim . Harry , welcome back . Thanks ... Reporting for duty Sir . The doctor gave me a clean bill of health . Did I miss anything ? Not too much ... take your station Ensign . You 've still got a tendril up your nose . Commander , I 'm picking up gravimetric distortions ... 12 thousand kilometers aft . It 's a singularity . [ Alarm Sounding ] We 're under attack . - They 're charging weapons . - Shields . Keep a lock on the away team . Direct hit to our secondary hull . Transporters are offline . Shields and weapons are down Voyager has taken heavy damage We cannot let the nanoprobes be destroyed - We 're being targeted - Brace for impact The Cube ? Destroyed and it took the bio-ship with it . [ Beeping ] Tuvok to Chakotay Go ahead Tuvok , where are you ? I 'm in cargo bay 2 Along with the Captain ... a number of Borg We were beamed over , just before impact We require assistance . Tuvok ? Secure that Deck . Security team to cargo bay 2 Paris you have the bridge . Lower your weapons . We are here with your Captains consent . It was necessary to sacrifice our vessel to protect yours We have an alliance , do we not ? For now they 're contained , they 've assimilated cargo bay 2 ... and they 're drawing energy from the secondary power couplings - But they 've gone no further ? - Not yet I sealed off decks 9 through 13 and ... posted security details on every access point I suggest we increase security around sickbay as well Already done , how far did you get on the weapon ? We 're ready to construct a prototype You 're fit to return to duty Lieutenant . And you , Kes ? Ohh I 'm alright , the visions have stopped for now . The plasma burns I can treat And I 've already stopped the internal bleeding But her neural injuries are going to require some creative thinking Before we beamed out ... an alien energy discharge struck very near the captain . Now it appears to have disrupted all of her neuro electrical pathways I 'll have to induce a coma to protect her higher brain functions . But I must tell you ... unless I can repair the damage ... she may never regain consciousness . Make sure those Borg stay put - I want tactical updates every 20 minutes - Aye Sir . Shall I resume working with them ? Stand by for now The Captain wishes to speak with you , please keep it brief . The doctor ... explained my condition You are in command I understand They 'll push you They 'll threaten you ... but they need you They need this alliance You have to make this work . I want you ... to make this work Get this crew home . I must begin . Where is your Captain ? I must speak with her . In our medical bay , recovering . You 'll be dealing with me now . Circumstances have changed . I 'd say so . The loss of our vessel requires that we modify our agreement . I 'd been giving that some thought I 'm willing to let you stay on board . We 'll continue to work with you on the weapon . Once we 're safely out of Borg territory , we 'll give you the nanoprobes . Shake hands and part company . Insufficient ... Our latest tactical projections indicate that the war will be lost by then . The nearest Borg vessel is 40 light-years away ... You will reverse course and take us to it . Even at maximum warp , that 's a 5 day journey , in the wrong direction . We 're supposed to be heading out of Borg space , not deeper into it . There is no alternative . Look , I honor the original agreement , but I 'm not turning this ship around . It 's too dangerous . Denying our request is also dangerous . - I 'll think about it . - Think quickly . A five day trip , back into the heart of Borg territory . It 's too risky . With those drones and the nanoprobes on board we might as well have a ... Bulls eye painted on our hull . We 're prime target for Species 8472 . we 'd never survive another attack . What is the alternative ? I 'm going to end this alliance . Here and now . We 're going to drop the Borg off on the next uninhabited planet . Give them the nanoprobes and take our chances alone . They can wait for a Borg ship to pick them up and finish the weapon . I 'm in command now and I have to think about what 's best for the crew . Tom , I want you to scan for the nearest uninhabited planet and set a course . Aye Sir . I must caution you Commander . - The Borg may not go quietly . - We 'll see . Bring that female drone to the ready room . Dismissed . Once we 've beamed you to the surface , we 'll send down the nanoprobes and all our research Unacceptable . - We don 't have time ... - This isn 't open for discussion I 'm not turning this ship around . You 're getting what you wanted . I suggest we part ways amicably . There is another option . We could assimilate your vessel . If a single drone steps one millimeter out of that cargo bay ... I 'll decompress the entire deck . You won 't pose much of a threat , floating in space . When your Captain first approached us , we suspected , that an agreement with humans would prove impossible to maintain . You are erratic , conflicted and disorganized . Every decision is debated , every action questioned Every individual entitled to their own small opinion You lack harmony , cohesion , greatness It will be your undoing . Escort our guest back to the cargo bay Well , I 've made my decision . If it were only a matter of going against the orders of my superior officer ... You 're more than just my Captain . You 're my friend . I hope you 'll understand . Species 8472 has penetrated matrix 0-1-0 Grid 19 8 planets destroyed , 312 vessels disabled . 4,000,621 Borg eliminated . We must seize control of the alpha quadrant vessel ... and take it into the alien realm . We understand . Class H Moon , oxygen-argon atmosphere ... I 'll do , take us out of warp and enter orbit . - Aye Sir . - Tuvok ... Standby to transport the Borg directly from the cargo bay After they are on the surface , have security run ... I 'm reading power fluctuations on the deflector array . Cause ? Looks like the Borg have accessed Deflector control . They 're trying to realign the emitters . Shut them out . They 've bypassed security protocols . They 're emitting a resident graviton beam . It 's creating another singularity . Reverse course . We 're fighting intense gravimetric distortions , I can 't break free . Bridge to cargo bay 2 ... Stop what you 're doing or I depressurize that deck and blow you out into space . This is your final warning . Do it . Decompression cycle complete . I still don 't have deflector control . Commander , a single Borg has survived . We 're being pulled in . Report ? We appeared to have crossed an interdimensional rift . We definitely left our galaxy . - No Stars , no planets . - Lets see . I 'm recalibrating sensors . The entire region is filled with ... with some kind of organic fluid . This isn 't space . It 's matter . [ Beeping ] Commander Chakotay ... We have entered the domain of Species 8472 . Report to the cargo bay . Paris , repressurize cargo bay 2 . Tuvok . Our entry into fluidic space has created a compression wave , They know we 're here . A fleet of Bio-Ships is already converging on our position . Time to intercept ... 3 hours 17 minutes . You 've been here before . How else could you know about fluidic space ? We must prepare this vessel for the altercation . - We will construct a complement of bio-molecular warheads - Why ? ... Why were you here ? You started this war ... Didn 't you ? What 's the matter ? Our Galaxy wasn 't big enough for you ? You had to conquer new territory ? But this race fought back . A Species as malevolent as your own . Species 8472 was more resistant than we anticipated . Their technology is biogenically engineered ... It is superior to that of all other species ... We have previously encountered . Which is precisely what you wanted ? They are the aspects of biological evolution . Their assimilation would have greatly added to our own perfection . So instead of assimilating these aliens , you opened a door for them to our galaxy . There is only one course of action , destroy them first . My subspace link to the collective has been weakened by the interdimensional rift . We cannot signal for help , we are alone . We must construct a complement of bio-molecular warheads ... And modify your weapons to launch them . I 've got a better idea . Why don 't you open up that rift again and take us back . If I do that , you will no longer cooperate . [ Beeping ] Doctor to Chakotay . Go ahead . Report to sickbay at once . On my way . Captain . Ahh , as you can see , I 've repaired her neural damage . Ensign Kim , the Captain . I 'm two for two . Doctor if you excuse us for a moment . Hmm ? ahh ... Gladly . Computer deactivate EMH program . The doctor brought me up to speed , but he couldn 't tell me what I really wanted to know . Why ? The collective ordered me to reverse course . Travel 40 light-years back the way we came . What would you have done ? I probably would have reversed course . Maintain the alliance as long as possible . In my mind the alliance was already over . You never trusted me ; you never believed this would work . You were just waiting for an opportunity to circumvent my orders . Trust had nothing to do with it , I made a tactical decision . And so did I. They 've been taking advantage of us since day one . We made concessions , so did they . They lied . The Borg started the war with Species 8472 . We 've only got one Borg left to worry about . We should try to disable her and get back to the delta quadrant . We might be able to duplicate the deflector protocols they used , to open a singularity . No . I won 't be caught tinkering with the deflector when those aliens attack . There is no other way out of it Chakotay . It 's too late for opinions it too late for discussion , it 's time to make the call ... and I 'm making it . We fight the aliens in full cooperation with the Borg . I was linked to the collective once , remember ? I had a neuro transceiver embedded in my spine ; I know who we 're dealing with . We 've got to get rid of that last Borg and take our chances alone . It won 't work . This isn 't working either ... There are 2 wars going on , the one out there and the one in here . We 're losing both of them . It would be your undoing . What ? Our conflicted nature , our individuality ... Seven of Nine said , that we 've lacked the cohesion of a collective mind . That one day it would divide us and destroy us . And here we are , proving her point . I 'll tell you when we lost control of this situation ... when we made our mistake ... it was the moment we turned away from each other . We don 't have to stop being individuals to get through this ; we just have to stop fighting each other . Captain Janeway . I 've relieved Mr. Chakotay of his duties and confined him to the brig . I 'm back in command . And you understand the situation ? Completely . Tuvok , give her the nanoprobes . Work with her . Build as many warheads as you can . And start modifying our weapons systems . I suggest we think about enhancing our defenses as well . If we 're going to fight this battle , I intend to win it . - We are in agreement - Good This is the plan : We engage the enemy here in their space . We show them what they 're up against ... If they have any sense of self preservation they 'll back off Pull their ships out of the Delta Quadrant . That 's provided that the weapons are effective ... If they aren 't ... It 's been nice working with you . We 've got to get this ship armed and ready in under 2 hours . We 're going to war . Borg modifications are complete Bring them online . Torpedo launch tubes ; active . Hull armor engaged , shield enhancements stable Bio molecular weapons are ready ... 13 standard photon torpedoes and one Class 10 with a high yield warhead . All hands , this is the Captain ... Ready your stations , seal all emergency bulkheads and prepare to engage the enemy . Stand by for my orders . 4 Bio-Ships have just entered sensor range ... Battle Stations - I 've got a visual - On Screen I can hear them ; they want to talk through me . They say we 've contaminated their realm . Tell them we had no choice , we were only trying to defend ourselves They say our galaxy is impure ... Its proximity is a threat to their genetic integrity . Tell them we have a weapon , a devastating weapon that can destroy them at a cellular level . If they don 't stop their attacks on the delta-quadrant we 'll be forced to use it . They said your galaxy will be purged . [ Alarm Sounding ] Shields and weapons are offline ... rerouting emergency power to the launchers They 're coming around for another assault . I 've lost thrusters . Bio-molecular warheads are charged and ready . Fire . Direct hit on all 4 vessels ... no effect . They 're charging weapons . The nanoprobes were successful , if not prompt . All 4 ships have been destroyed . I think we 've made our point , now open a singularity and get us out of here . Captain . - Kes are you still in contact ? - Yes . Tell them if they continue their attack we 'll use the weapon again . They 're not responding - Evasive maneuvers - Aye Captain . - They 're in pursuit - Prepare to fire the high yield warhead . Aft . Torpedo bay - Ready Captain . - Do it . 13 Bio-Ships have been destroyed , the others are in retreat . I 've regained full contact with the collective . What are they saying ? All remaining Bio-Ships in the delta-quadrant are returning to their realm . The Borg have prevailed . With a little help from us . Now it 's time you fulfilled your end of the agreement . Tell the collective we expect safe passage from here on out . We 'll give you a shuttlecraft ; you can head for the nearest Borg ship . Unacceptable . This alliance is terminated . Your ship and its crew will adapt to service us . Resistance is futile Captain , she 's tapping into helm control . She 's trying to access our coordinates Shut her out . - I can 't - Bridge to Chakotay ... Scorpion . Seven of Nine , stop what you 're doing . You are human , a human individual . Our minds are linked , we are one , I can hear your thoughts . His link is stable but it won 't last for long , you must hurry . Just a few more seconds . I can see your memories . You remember being human . We are Borg . I see a young girl ... a family Irrelevant , your appeal to my humanity is pointless . Almost there Chakotay , you 've got to keep her distracted if we 're going to make this work . Listen to your human side , to yourself , the little girl . Seven of Nine ... Annika - He 's losing the link - Initiating power surge ... now . [ screaming ] Her connection to the collective is severed . Get her to sickbay . Bridge to Doctor , report . Commander Chakotay is going to be all right . Although he may wake up with a bit of headache . Tom , plot a course out of Borg space , maximum warp . Yes Ma 'am . Captains log , Stardate 51003.7 3 days and no sign of Borg or Bio-Ships , we appear to be out of danger . But the entire crew is on edge and so am I. Not even the calm of Master Da Vinci 's workshop is enough to ease my mind . - Am I interrupting ? - Not at all , just finishing up my log . - The old fashioned way . - I wanted to get as far away from bio-implants and fluidic space and ... - And this feels more human somehow . - I hate to spoil the mood ... But you might want to take a look at this engineering report . It 'll take at least 2 weeks to remove the Borg technology from our systems . B 'Elanna did note that the power couplings on deck 8 working better with the Borg improvements . Leave them ... how is our passenger ? The Doctor says she 's stabilizing , her human cells starting to regenerate . I wonder what 's left under all that Borg technology . If she can ever become human again . - You plan to keep her on board ? - We pulled the plug ... We 're responsible for what happens to her now . She was assimilated at a very young age ... the collective is all she knows . - She might not want to stay . - I think she might . We have something the Borg could never offer . Friendship . I want you to know , that disobeying your orders was one of the most difficult things I 've ever had to do . I understand and I respect the decision you made , even though I disagree with it . What 's important is that in the end we 've got through it together . - I don 't ever want that to change . - Agreed Good ... well ... I think it 's time to get back to our bridge . No argument there .
