 Everybody makes choices . That 's the American way . It 's in the Constitution . Every schlub has a vote . You get up in the morning , you decide what to wear ... what to eat ... what to waste your money on . You go with what you know , which usually ain 't much . What if you know what you knew before you actually knew it ? If that 's confusing , so is getting tomorrow 's paper today . The point being , sometimes the choice is easy , and sometimes ... you don 't have one at all . HOLD IT . Everyone just stay where you are now . Move ... Hey , what 's the problem ? ... I gotta get through . Early Edition Season 1 Episode 2 : The Choice . Subtitle making by LuckyLuke What time is it ? About 8 It oughta be here by now . Don 't worry it 'll come . I don 't see anything . That 's because it never comes when you 're looking . What 's the big deal about today anyway ? I 'll tell you the big deal . I lost another $ 100 bucks last night and it 's your fault . Mine ? No one told you to bet on the Cubs . No one told me not to either . No one who knew they 'd blow a 5 run lead in the 9th . I 'm going broke getting rich . Come one buddy you gotta help me out here . Besides , aren 't you the least bit curious of where this thing comes from , huh , how it gets here ? Course I am . So . When I find out , I 'll tell you . Chuck Terrific , that 's perfect , you know that . The greatest boon to mankind since non-taxable income and who does it come to ? A guy who buys lottery tickets and doesn 't cheat ; a guy who still washes his own shirts . What 's wrong with that ? It 's been a week since this thing has been coming to you and what have you done with it ? Nothing . Ok , Ok , so you saved a few lives , you stopped that bank robbery and you rescued that trailer park from the tornado . But the question is , when are you going to do something for Gar ? Like what ? For starters , finding a new place to live . What 's wrong with this place ? It 's a dump . Alright , one day in the market you could buy yourself a palace , a place with a swimming pool , a yard and a satellite dish . No thanks . All I 'm saying is ... do what ever you have to do , but then , do something for yourself . And while you 're at it , something out of it for , you know me . No , I don 't think it works that way . Why not ? Because it just doesn 't work that way . It 's Friday ; don 't you have to go to work ? No , its company picnic , last year I got ptomaine poisoning , no way I 'm going back . Yes , right on time , right on schedule . A little miracle at our door , one might even venture to say a gift . So , ah , when do we open her up . Not we me and Marissa at breakfast . Oh great I 'll join you , I 'm starving . You 're not invited . Alright I 'll tell you what , give me the sports pages and I 'll be on my way . Nope What about the front page ? Come on , just a peak at the front page . Sorry . Oh great , the cat you give milk to , me you give nothing . Come on Gar , just throw me a bone , give me the horoscopes. or the funny pages . Shut the door when you leave . how about the soap opera listings , I can work with that . The obituaries , I love the obits ... . Gar . Hope it 's sour . Good morning Not today , congestion . I think must be conventions or something . Gary ? Marcia Hi . What are you doing here ? Well , I heard this is where you live ... . I mean now that you don 't live with you , yeah . It 's nice Oh yeah . So how are you ? Oh , well you know , getting a divorce , but I think you knew that . Anyway , I was , um , cleaning out the house ... I 'm , I 'm moving you know , it 's a little big now and , anyway I just found something of yours . Something you didn 't throw out of the window ? This book , " Lost Chicago " It was up on the bookshelf behind some other books . I 've never seen that before in my life . Well , it has you name in it . It 's probably from an old girlfriend or something . Anyway , here you are . Thanks Guess I 'm going to have to walk , all this traffic I 'm not going to get a cab . Yeah . Hey ! Want to watch where you 're going . Sorry , I didn 't see you . Yeah , well it 's a city Pal . Sidewalks ... people . I said I was sorry . Try keeping your eyes open . She gets sideswiped by a car , a hit and run . Does it say what time ? Around 1 : 00 , someone calls 911 but the ambulance gets tied up in the traffic , they radio back , but the call gets lost in the shuffle . Right through the cracks So before anyone realizes it , it 's too late . She dies at Columbia General Hospital of internal injuries . Amanda Bailey , age 6 . Marissa : So , what are you going to do ? Do I have a choice ? Well , lets see ... you could go to the movies instead or buy some popcorn and feed the pigeons . You get a real kick out of this don 't you ? Kind of , don 't you ? No I don 't . What would you rather be doing ? Have a life , a real life ... Boring . ... and a job So get one . Oh , sure , I 'll do that this afternoon when I have some free time . You just won 't give into this will you ? You know Gary ; there are so many people in this world that would be thrilled to have an opportunity like yours . Gary : Yeah , like who ? Ok , Here 's the deal , I just got off the phone with my bookie . He 's willing to lay me 3 : 1 odds the Mets over the Cubs , what do you say . Come on , just give me a hint , I 'll give half the money to charity . Chuck I 'm not giving you the score . atta a way . Mind you own rump . I 'm also not going to let this paper run my life . I may not be able to stop it from coming , but I can damn well choose what it makes me do . Oh my God ! This is bad . What the traffic ? The headline changed . Gary , what is it ? This wasn 't here before . Yeah ... well it is now big guy . Global Airlines flight 29 bound for Miami went down in flames yesterday afternoon shortly after take off from Chicago . The plane , filled with tourist on their way to the Florida sun , disappeared from radar screens at exactly 2 : 00 , just seconds after lifting from the runway . The passenger list included prominent business men , ordinary families and at least one child traveling alone , plus a flight crew of Airline officials suspect a flock of birds in the area may have fouled the engines , causing the jet to plunge from the sky By late afternoon , rescue workers were still combing the wreckage , desperately searching for signs of life . But little hope was held out for any of the nearly 200 souls on board . So , what 'll it be ? Huh ? Have you made your choice ? When does this thing happen ? 2 : 00 Good , we can make it to the airport by then . And then what ? You 'll think of something . Thanks Holy cow , look at this . Jeez , what 's going on , is the Pope in town ? Chuck , find us a cab , OK ? What I look like , a doorman ? Well I wouldn 't be surprised . YO TAXI . How come it 's me who has to come up with the explanation ? Why don 't they just publish it in here ? Well , then you wouldn 't feel needed . Hey over here . You owe me big pal Excuse me . What are you doing ? Columbia General what are you doing ! ? Hey ! What 's your problem ? What 's my problem ? ! This is my cab . I don 't think so ; I think it 's his Ah , ha , ha , I see a comedian . no , surgeon Oh , yeah , well I wouldn 't let you operate on my coccyx . Now get out , I had it first . congratulations , what are you a doorman ? Alright , look , guy , truth is , it 's not for me , Ok , it 's for her , and she 's ... Surgeon : blind Bunions , a severe case . Aha , tell her to stay off her feet . HEY ! GET OUT OF THE HACK NOW ! Chuck , Chuck . Look we need this cab . why ? Well , it 's a matter of life and death , that 's why . really ? really Call an ambulance.Columbia General . Hey ! Hey ! , Whatever happened to common courtesy , I hope you cut yourself . Chuck I need a quarter . Me ? I 'm out . 40 million buck in the lottery and you gotta to take my 2 bits . - Yes , I need the number for Global Airlines . Here , I want it back . This ought to be good . What are you going to tell them , there 's birds on the runway ? Hey why don 't you ask them for tomorrow 's Cubs scores while you 're at it ? Well that 's helpful . Tell them we 're from the FAA and we need to make a spot check and that way they have to ground all the airplanes . Welcome to Global Airlines ... Yes I have some information about flight 29 push 1 for general information , 2 for scheduling , 3 for operator assistance . 3 All circuits are busy , please try again . Circuits are busy . Stupid machine . They never should have broken up ma bell . Ok , so what do we do now ? Excuse me , Detective Tagliatti please . Who ? Detective Tagliatti . Her office is right down there . Not any more . What ? Busted to foot patrol.She swallowed some story by some nut who claimed he could see the future , didn 't sit well with the boss . If I may , a suggestion . Do not mention the paper . He has to mention the paper how else are they going to believe him ? An anonymous note , tied to a rock . Crude but effective . Brilliant . Thank you . You there . You want to lodge a complaint ? Uh ... Yes we are . Who are you filing against ? Global Airlines , they stole our luggage . You mean they lost it . No , they stole it . Grand theft luggage . Desk Sergeant : And what exactly do you want us to do about it . Simple , ground that 2 : 00 flight . Those bags could be on it . She serious ? Some would think so . Yes . You guys figure it out ok . Look , forget that , this is an emergency . naturally Look , alright listen , I need to speak to the guy in charge . No you don 't Yes I do . Believe me you don 't . Yes I do , listen I gotta speak to him , now . Suit yourself . ahem , Detective Crumb ? What ? There 's someone here to see you . You ! What the hell is he doing here ? Desk Sergeant : He has a problem . Crumb : What kind of problem ? Desk Sergeant : There 's a plane full of luggage . Luggage ? It 's gonna crash . When ? 2 : 00 Well that would be 2 : 00 when , today , tomorrow , a year from now ? look Detective I ... No you look , you see this grey hair , this is you . Thanks to your little stunt last week half my staff is gone . Not Now ! and now you want me to swallow some half-ass , crab brain story about a plane full of luggage . Yes ... except there is no luggage . So , what do you want me to do ? Take him out back and shoot him . Proceed . I hope he cuts himself shaving ; nice long deep cut , ear to ear . Told you it was a waste of time . What are we gonna do now ? Don 't panic , we can still make it by 2 : 00 . How we gonna get there ? Simple , we 'll hop on the L. - Hey wait . - Hold it , stop . AWW ! what time 's the next train ? Every 5 minutes ... .. when they 're running on time . What about today ? Could be up to a half hour . This is crazy , running around in circles , what the hell is going on ? Decay in the infrastructure Thanks Maybe it 's trying to tell you something . It ? The paper Like what ? Like buy a helicopter , my feet are killing me . That 's not what I mean . I mean maybe there 's a way to stop that plane without actually being there . Why don 't you send them one of those telepathic brain waves ? Well that 's brilliant . I thought so You would think so . That 's because you ... . Oh , here comes another one . Come on let 's go . Alright Gary , come on , lets go . Gar , it 's waiting for us . Gar , Gar , get on the train ! I can 't We have to go . Now ! Hey , hold it ! Gary , Gary what are you doing ? AMANDA , AMANDA AMANDA NO ! NO ! What happened , she alright ? Somebody do something , help her . Amanda ... . Amanda . What happened ? You were in an accident honey . Uh oh , anyone hurt ? Well ... It was a new bike ; my dad got it for me . Do I know you ? No , not exactly . But you know me ? Kinda I got it . She needs help . Bystander : Yea , I just called 911 they 'll be here right away . No they won 't , they 're not going to make it here in time . Bystander : What do you mean its 911 ? Listen she needs to get to a hospital now . Me , I 'm not moving her , she could be hurt . Listen I don 't have time to explain , I gotta be somewhere , you gotta get her to the emergency room . Bystander : Oh no , your supposed to leave the victim right there , don 't you ever watch Chicago Hope ? Crowd : Agrees with bystander Excuse me Hey ! How you feeling honey ? My arm hurts . U hu . Is that bad ? Nah Truth ? We 'll have to see OK . What time is it now ? You just asked me that . I know , you 're right , now I 'm asking again . eleven after one Good , we can still make it to the airport . Yeah , and then what ? And then we stop the plane . Uh hu , how we gonna do that ? I don 't know but we 're gonna . That 's it , that 's you plan ? I don 't know but we 're gonna , great . We need some help here ... .. we need some help Yeah , you 're telling me . You know where you are ? In the hospital . You 're going to be just fine . Take her to registration . Need a med tech here ... what is going on here today ? Listen ... Excuse me ; she 's been in an accident . Name ? Bailey , Amanda Bailey Address ? I don 't know the address Are you the father ? No , listen can we do this later ? She needs to see someone right away . How you doing honey ? My arm hurts Well , we 'll be sure to fix that . It 's not just her arm ; there 's something more serious than that You 're a doctor ? no I 'm not Not the doctor , not the father . Listen I know what 's going on if you could ... have a seat over there If you could just ... Someone will be with your right away . Don 't worry , things will work out . What ? It 's a hospital , they 'll fix everything Just say there 's a bomb What ? That way they 'll delay the flight in the time that it takes ... . Chuck : Let me just stop you there ok , you 're out of your mind . Marissa : Why ? Why ? Newsflash , there is only one reason to give an airline a bomb threat , that is when there is an actual bomb on the plane , otherwise they tend to overreact , like put you in prison , like forever . I get it Good No guts excuse me ? You heard me . It 's ok to use the newspaper to cash in on the stock market but when it comes ... Alright , you know what I resent that You do , do you ? Yes I do , just because I have a halfway practical view of the universe . and you ... . you still believe in the tooth fairy . Coward Why don 't you go polish some crystals ? Capitalist Pig I just don 't understand why WE have to do it ? Because Gary can 't be there and we can . Oh no . Attention , we have been advised there has been an unexplained power failure in this area of the city . Oh , I wish I could see Wrigley Field from here . Voice on train speaker : Attention , do not attempt to evacuate the train . Gary : Excuse me can we get a doctor here ? I 'm sorry we 're doing the best we can You have to be somewhere don 't you ? What ? Someone else to save ? What makes you say that ? Amanda Bailey She was in an accident ? hit and run , she was on a bicycle you know ... where am I going to put her ? No 3 . There 's somebody in No. 3 Anywhere you can find then Anyway , she was on her bicycle and Hurt your arm did ya ? No it 's not her arm , there 's something else . I explained all this at the front desk Well if there is something else there we will find it Look maybe there 's a doctor , someone I can talk to , someone who knows what 's going on around here ? Listen I 'm sorry sir , I 'm going to have to ask you to leave now . [ hands chart to someone else ] Ira . How 's that ? It says there that you are not her father . Oh no , I 'm not leaving this room until ... . Listen we really need you out here . Look , you have done everything you could , you got her here , there 's nothing more you can do , go on with you life . and Gino let 's get started looking for this girls folks . Listen kiddo , I gotta get going . Promise you 'll come back Yeah , I promise I 'll be brave Alright , you be brave . I hope they made it . Everybody off the train please , come on folks move it along . Excuse me ; we need to get to the airport . Good luck lady , power 's out in this whole part of the city , nothing 's coming this stretch . Then how are we supposed to get there ? Take a cab . Move it along , move it along . Our tax dollars at work . Now what 'll we do ? Guess we gotta find Gary . Where to ? Airport , I got 40 minutes . 40 minutes ? What dream you living in ? Just drive the cab hospital neglect ? Where is she ? You again ? Where is she ? Gino , the little girl that was in 7 , what happened ? They moved her till they could find the parents . Moved her where ? Beats me Did they look at her head ? Nurse : She 's been examined . Did they look at her head ? Sir , I 'm sorry you just can 't go wandering ... Sir Doctor , Doctor . Well , well Oh , boy . Mr. Life and death , what brings you to our humble establishment ? Look , I 'm sorry about the cab this morning , but I need your help . You got a little girl here who 's not getting the right treatment . She 's been examined . Then everything 's been taken care of No everything hasn 't been taken care of , they looked at her arm they missed what was wrong . And your medical training would be ? None , and that 's why your going to find her . Sorry , that 's not my job . You 're a doctor . Wrong , I 'm a surgeon , not a detective , not a short-order cook . If you need an appointment , please call my office , otherwise , I 'm due in surgery . this is my appointment , something needs to be done and you 're gonna do it . You 're right and I will . Come on guys this isn 't necessary . Don 't you have anything better to be doing ? Thanks ! Gar , what are you doing , taking a nap ? Gary : What are you doing here ? It said in the paper she was at Columbia General Hospital . No , did you get to the airport ... Did you stop the plane ? Not even close , we couldn 't get near the place . We tried everything ... it 's like something didn 't want us to get there . Then it 's still going down . We couldn 't get there ... maybe we 're not supposed to , but you can . No , I gotta get back in there . Marissa : Look Gary there 's 190 ... No I gotta get back in there , there 's a little girl in there that trusts me and I made her a promise How 'm I doing ? Doing great . Uh oh , I think we have a problem , big guy – 12 : 00 - go Ohhh noooo , I 'm sick Help ! Help ! What the hell is going on here ? My husband , he 's sick Ohhhhhh I 'm sick Very I 'm dying , ohhhh Don 't push it . What 's going on here ? It 's ... his stomach my head ... . his head ... stomach . Hurts all over , It 's a virus ; did you see the movie " Outbreak " ? My face is going to turn into putty . Get him out of here before he starts a riot . Thank you Nurse , where do you want me to take him ? Nurse : Tell someone to order him an upper and lower GI and give him a rectal What ! been on the links lately ? shot a 71 on the links at Bilmar yesterday . Hi Excuse me , that 's Doctor Connelly 's locker . Oh yeah , I know , he asked me to find something for him . And what would that be ? His glass eye Amanda . Amanda you came back . Yeah Did you save the world ? How ya feeling ? Cold Come on Honey , we 're gonna go for a little ride Doctor , you need some help with that ? No thanks Why don 't you let us do that for you ? Can 't , incarcerated petunia What did he say ? Ok , another day , another dollar . Turn the music off will you ; let 's get Mr. what 's his name up to post op . Okay , let 's talk Listen Mister , you gotta get out of her right now ! No I said we 're gonna talk . This little girl 's name is Amanda Bailey , she is 6 year old . She doesn 't like orange juice but she 'll drink it . She can curl her tongue up and spit between her two front teeth . Her favorite teacher is Miss Pideli who teaches pottery at school , she likes to get the clay on her fingertips . You 've got two options , you can pretend this girl is just another name or you can save her life . What 's your choice ? You 're a very persistent man Mr. Life and Death ! Yes I am You could go to jail for this . Just look at the girl Gary : not the chart ... . look at the girl ! Surgeon : And what would I be looking for ? It 's called ... I don 't know what it 's called . Your unconscious and then your Okay , it 's a doma , doma .. uh Epidural hematoma That 's it Let 's get a head CT stat , then prep her just in case . Skip the paperwork ; we need to move on this now . And don 't let me hear she got left in some hallway ! anything else ? Yeah , can you get me to the airport in half-an-hour ? I 'm a surgeon , not a taxi service ! It 's important huh ? Oh yeah Doctor So is this . This yours ? Gary : What 's the date ? Today No Take her down to the second floor . yes Sir Piece of cake ... ... pretty close thing though , few more minutes and we 'd of had some explaining to do . I sound like a bureaucrat don 't I. Look , um ... I won 't pretend that I understand what is going on with you . Something tells me I don 't even want to know . But I get the feeling we 're both in the same kind of business ... . saving lives . Thing is one of us hasn 't been doing his job . Not that I 'm very good at saying thanks ... . but , there it is . You saved more than one life today . No , no I didn 't But you tried And I failed Maybe , Maybe not . It 's what you said ; this is what you had to do . And that makes it alright ? You 're only one guy Gary . Marissa , that plane went down today and I should have been there , me not anyone else , but me ! no you shouldn 't Why ! ? Cause you couldn 't . You can 't do it all Gary ; the world doesn 't turn that way . Sometimes you need ... Excuse me ; I 'm looking for the recovery room ! It 's down there Honey , I got here as fast as I could . Gary Wait She should be waking up soon , Doctor says she 's going to be fine . I heard they had trouble finding you . I was almost in Miami . I was on the runway when they radioed , halfway through my take off roll , ten second later and I would have been in the air . I guess I was lucky ; I 'd of never forgiven myself for not being here . Mom , Dad . Hey Amanda I broke my bike it 's okay , it 's okay . I 'll get you a new bike You 're going to be fine You know what , I think in the next scene ; Sami is going to find Carrie in bed with Austin and leave him flat . Anybody want to make a little wager , a little bet . Woman sitting next to Chuck : Oh I 'm in it for ten Chuck : ten bucks , why don 't you make it twenty ? okey dokey alright twenty bucks . Anybody else , you young lady down at the end , you look like a gambling woman . where is it ! What ? The paper Shhh , can 't you see these ladies are dilating , this man has zero sensitivity Gar , come on now , you owe me . I bent over backwards for you . Look Like the man said - I think it was me . Everybody makes choices . Cab mister ? Hey , cab , cabbie ? No , I think I 'll walk thanks . Some you make because you want to . Say Abe Lincoln for President , no brainer . 'Sorry , you lost again . Yep Mostly though , it 's a matter of guess work , going with your gut . I 'm sorry to bother you Mr. Hobson , but I wanted to tell you I left that book on your table . I found it in the trash downstairs . It 's hard on the nerves . Really all you can do is give it a shot , and hope to God it turns out alright .
