 ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) ( SCREAMS ) ( KNOCK AT DOOR ) ( CROAKS ) Come in . ( KNOCK AT DOOR ) ( WEAKLY ) Come in . - ( KNOCK AT DOOR ) - Come in . Can I come in , sir ? I did knock , sir . Perhaps you didn 't hear me . Your hot lemon , sir . Goddamn yellow fever . I 've still got that jowly flabby puffiness around my cheeks . Wasn 't that there before your illness , sir ? Yes , I 'm sure it was because ... Let me tuck you in , sir . - How 's life on probation ? Fouled it up yet ? - Enjoying it . Directives for you to sign , sir . What 's this Space Corps free pardon exonerating you of all crimes doing in here ? ( GASPS ) Those people in Admin really need to pay more mind , sir . You can 't rely on anyone these days ! I 'm so sorry , but if I 've got a record , I 'll never become an officer and command my own ship . That 's what I long for - to be like you . Maybe thinner and in better condition , and , obviously , without your clogged arteries . That aside , you 're the person I admire the most . - Another ambition achieved . - You think I could become an officer one day ? Look , it gives me no pleasure telling you this , Rimmer , but you 're just not officer material . - Not officer material , sir ? - Take my advice and redirect your energies . Find something that you have a genuine chance of succeeding at . Like what , sir ? ( CROAKING MUMBLE ) I 'm never going to become a captain , sir ? Never ? ( CROAKS ) ( KNOCKING ) - They said it was OK to drop by . - Talia ? Well , hi ! Hi . - Rimmer 's just leaving . - I can 't believe I 've run into you again after all this time . The nanobots must have resurrected you , too . You look wonderful . You made captain . You 've done so well . Your own ship . Wow ! I 've got goosebumps . The photograph of your wife , sir , is it OK where it is or shall I turn it to face the wall ? - Dismissed , Rimmer . - Thank you . Nothing I can get you , ma 'am ? Tea , coffee ? Packet of three ? Me not make it ? What does he know , the big stupid yellow idiot ? He didn 't see my good side . My guile , my weasel cunning and , when the going gets tough , my ability to find good hiding places . He thinks I 'm an imbecile . He really does . Me , an imbecile ( ! ) Alertl Alertl A choccie nut bar ... A choccie nut bar has been removed without payment . A choccie nut bar has been removed without payment . - Alertl Alertl - Shut up ! Shan 't . Alertl Alertl Shut up or I 'll pour soup into your speaker and you 'll drown . Take your hand off me speaker . - Promise to shut up ? - Promise . Ha , ha , hal Alertl Alertl Chocolate abduction on floor 341 . Ooh , you will not get away with this . I may not be able to see you but I know your taste in confectionery , and I also know ... No , in fact , that is all I know - just your taste in confectionery . I 'll hear your voice again , and I 'll expose you for the chocolate-thieving dog you arel I 'm scared - I 'm being threatened by a dispensing machine ( ! ) Are you gonna leave a horse 's head made out of marzipan in my bed ( ? ) Oh , Mummy ! Help , help ! I 'm really scared ( ! ) Rimmer . You forgot your tray . Thank you , sir . He stole some chocolatel He stole ... You are my nemesis . One day , our paths will cross again and I will destroy youl And on that day , I will be the captain of this ship ( ! ) It 's OK for Mr Cushy , working for the captain now , but what about me ? All that damn rock ! My back 's killing me , bud . Look at my spine . It 's so curved , if you threw it away , it 'd come back . Rock , rock , rock , rock . I ain 't used to work , but what job do they give me ? Something to do with rock , sir ? Exactly ! Do you know what they got me doing ? I gotta put all the rock albums on the PA system . I gotta change those suckers once every 45 minutes . I 'm a physical wreck ! Probation 's killing me , boys . - What 's that ? - A present to help cheer up Miss Kochanski . - A calendar ? - The other day , she looked at the old calendar and said it was the wrong time of the month , so I got her a new one . I 'll tell her - the calendar people made a mistake , but let 's leave this wrong month thing behind us . Being grumpy and tearful about it is getting it way out of proportion . A little word in your audio receiver . This happens to all women ? They become cranky and weird ? You never see this in films or on TV . I thought men controlled the media . This is the biggest cover-up since Watergate ! It 's no big deal . I 'll tell you what to do and how to behave - everything . Just trust me . ( SINGS ) Da-dahl Thank goodness for Mr Lister . I nearly made such a fool of myself . A little present , ma 'am . All gift-wrapped . I hope I chose the right size . - Dave told you to do this , didn 't he ? - Isn 't he wonderful ! Oh , yeah . Sometimes , he 's so cute , I could just eat him . He explained everything to me so I wouldn 't embarrass myself . Come on , then , open it ! I want you to try it on . Maybe you could do a little twirl in it . Kryten , how can I put this ? Is there something wrong , ma 'am ? He set me up , didn 't he ? This is absolutely not what you 're supposed to do when a woman is having a ... Is the banner wrong , too ? ( HIGH-PITCHED WAIL ) He was lying ! I 've been duped by a master craftsman . - Well , two can play at this game . - What do you have in mind ? Are you sure you have time for this ? I realise the next few days are very special for you . Don 't you want to be playing tennis a lot in tight white jeans ? Wouldn 't want to stop you from doing that . Not forgetting all that blue stuff you 've got to pour over things . Just tell me your plan for getting Dave back . Right . Here 's my idea . ( WHISPERS ) ( IMITATES FAX ) Bling ! Hah ! Glug , glug ... - ( BEEP ) - That 's Hol . He must want something . Here 's some hot-off-the-press confidential-insider information . There 's gonna be a cell inspection in about ten minutes . Keep it under your hat . Cell inspection in ten minutes . Told you . Thanks , Hol . It was most helpful . When it comes to being ahead of the game , I 'm the man . Where did you get that priceless nugget of info way before it got into the public domain ? I 've hacked into the ship ' s computer system . Got into the prison log . I got a goosey at the supplies inventory . There 's stuff in there that will make your hair stand on end . What stuff ? Brylcreme it 's called . Put it on your head and it makes your hair stand on end . We 've only two jars left , so if you need some , let me know . As soon as I 've got anything else that 's useful , I 'll be back . See you in about 25 years , then . - My scar 's itchy . It must be all the dust . - You 've got a scar ? When did you get that ? Those complimentary pens the hospital guys were handing out . The " Most Accidents Happen in the Home , So Be Careful " ones . I stabbed meself in the head with one . - Where were you ? - I wasn 't at home , so I didn 't feel stupid . That 's not a scar , that 's a nick . - That is a scar . - Where did you get that ? From a fight years ago . Duel . A duel ? You ? ( LAUGHS ) Get outta town ! Not A duel . " Duel " - the old Steven Spielberg movie . A friend of mine attacked me with the video case . Some stupid argument about who had the coolest bicycle clips . I got him back , though . I peed in his mum 's steam iron . He had yellow T-shirts for a week . ( BEEPING FAX ) Why 's that going off ? It 's from Kryten . " Look under the draughts board . " Another note . " Dear Mr Lister , thanks for your wonderful advice regarding Miss Kochanski . " In return , I thought I 'd steal Baxter 's stash of illegal hooch and hide it in your shower . " I am laughing as I write this , knowing your cell is about to be searched , " and imagining the panic now gripping your soul ! " What are we gonna do ? We 've got an inspection . We 're on probation ! - Down the loo . Down the sink . - Baxter 's gonna kill us for doing this . The captain 's gonna kill us if we don 't . But you 've seen what Baxter 's like . Grizzly bears run screaming from him . He was playing poker , ran out of money . He bet his right nut on a pair of jacks . A pair of jacks - that 's how hard he is ! Smeg ! The tank 's full . What are we gonna do ? We 've got two bottles left . We 're gonna have to drink it . Drink it ? This is Baxter 's hooch . It 's about 300 per cent proof . - This would get the entire Greek Navy drunk . - It 'll put hairs on your chest . It 'll put hairs on your lips ! It 'll put hairs on your hairs ! It 's lethal . Do you wanna get caught in possession of illegal hooch ? Get drinking . Have we got any mixers ? You are wetter than a driving instructor 's handshake ! Get it down yer gob ! ( CHOKING GASP ) - ( COUGHS ) - What 's it like ? ( STRANGLED VOICE ) It 's OK . ( SINGS ) Inspectionl On your feet . Stand by your bunks . You 're drunk . Drunk , sir ? No , sir . ( SLURRING ) Absolutely not , sir . No , no ... No . Who fancies a kebab ? ( BOTH ) Oh , yeah ! Smeg ! He 's tricked us . ( LAUGHS ) Must have been the sherry trifle for lunch , sir . Told him not to go back for seconds , sir . ( SNORES ) Call the medi bay . We need two stomach pumps . Super suck . It 's Baxter . Your two mates stole my hooch . When they get out of hospital , and there 's no guards about this is what 's gonna happen to them . ( CRAZY LAUGH ) You 're gonna squeeze their rolls ? That 's irritating , but in many ways , they 'll be relieved . What have I done ? ( RIMMER GROANS ) Baxter 's out to mash you . You 've gotta escape . We all have . Security 's lax here . If we can make it to the landing bay and steal a ship , Bob 's your scutter . - Where 's the Cat ? - He 'll be getting hospitalised any second . Pass the salt , would you ? That guy there took some of your fries . What in the hell are you doing Shirley ( ? ) I 'm stealing your fries fat boy ( ! ) Mmm ... This is good . Tasty ! There ain 't no one more bad-ass evil than me in the whole of hell . What makes you think you can dis me and live ? 'Cause things are changing round here . From now on , marshmallow ass , you 're my bitch . Your what ? B-l-H . Bitch ! That 's what you look like , that 's what you are , understand ? OK . What ? Anyone who tough-talks me gotta be a no-loading pug . You want me to be your bitch , that 's fine by me , sir ! Are you sure you don 't wanna just hit me a couple of times ? No , sir . I 'm your bitch . From now on , I 'm your jiggly-wiggly , rollover , sweet patootie , honey-bun missy . I just wanna make you happy . Then hit me ! And hurt my baby 's kisser ? Nothin ' doin ' ! Damn ! - We gotta be outta here by five o 'clock . - What 's so special about five o 'clock ? Five o 'clock 's bed-bath time , and I 'm doing them ! The microbe which destroyed the Hermes . - It 's on Red Dwarf ! - How ? The microbe 's chameleonic , so it must have been the escape pod - the one Talia arrived on . - We 've got to go back and tell them . - What about our escape ? It could be days before they discover this . If we go back now , they can work on an antidote . You 're just acting all brave and manly to impress her , aren 't you ? Dave 's right . He 's looking at the big picture . Yeah - the big picture involves you , no clothes and a haystack . Red Dwarf is being devoured from within by a corrosive micro-organism . We don 't have enough craft for everyone to be rescued , so most of you will be staying behind to die . There 's an apology about that in the internal mail . It 's been created in a lab and programmed not to destroy glass . So all we need is a plutonium-powered greenhouse . We need an antidote that will neutralize the corrosive negativity of the microbe . - Something with a corrosive positivity ? - Where do we get that ? There 's nothing in " Yellow Pages " . A mirror universe where things are diametrically opposite to this one . There , negative becomes positive and a virus becomes an antidote . If the prism is flawed , the mirror universe may be an imperfect version of our own . We won 't know until we get there . It 's overloaded . We 've lost Mr Rimmer ! - At last ! Things are looking up . - How long will it take to fix it ? Best guess , about 20 minutes . ( KNOCK AT DOOR ) Can I come in , sir ? I did knock . Perhaps you didn 't hear me . Here 's your hot lemon , sir . Thank you , um Private Nobody . A few directives to sign , sir . Of course , laddie . A free pardon exonerating you from all crimes ? Ooh ! I don 't know how that got in there , sir . I ... Want to be an officer , don 't you , laddie ? Oh , sir . Could I one day ? Could I be ? No , I don 't think you could . Of course - it 's a mirror universe . Everything 's opposite . My God ! This is gonna take some getting used to . They said it was OK to drop by . You look wonderful . So do you . - That 'll be all , Shambles . - Yes , sir . You made captain . You 've done so well . Your own ship . Wow ! I 've got goosebumps . So have I. Let me kiss you . ( MUFFLED PROTEST ) What are you doing ? I 'm giving you a big wet snog with oodles of Tommy Tongue . But I 'm your sister . Yes , of course , but I was really pleased to see you . - I , um ... - You French kissed me . No , it was nearer Antwerp . I Belgian kissed you . I ... I 've been really ill . You 're the captain 's sister ? Oh , my God ! What a terrible dream ! Hi , sis . It 's Arnie , your bro . Get your big old lumpy bum down here and give us a big hug ! Captain Rimmer , I am Sister Talia Garrett . Your personal spiritual adviser . ( SHE SOBS ) Sister whoever you are ... Oh , smeg ! Excuse me . - Yes ? - Could you tell me what this is ? You 'll need to ask the professor . He does the stupid , brainbox-type stuff . Somebody call ? - Professor ? - Yes , Captain ? Perhaps you could help me . What 's this ? - It 's an alkaline . - What 's it called ? Sessyum-frankilithic-mixi-alibilium-rixi-dixi doxy-dexy-droxide . You look surprised . I never thought I 'd hear you say that . Can you write it down for me ? Certainly . Can I have an extremely long piece of paper , dear ? The antidote ! I did it ! ( ECHOING CLANGING AND BANGING ) ( CREAKING , BANGING ) Where is everyone ? ( DISPENSING MACHINE ) They crossed into the mirror universe . As the highest-ranked crew member left , you 're now captain . - Congratulations , Cap ( l ) - Smeg off ! ( HISSING STEAM , EXPLOSION ) Where are you going ? To make up a formula . The formula on that paper has now turned into the formula for the virus . You 've left the mirror universe , so it 's turned back into its opposite . ( LAUGHS ) Smeg ! You 're right . - This is a disaster ! - No , there could still be a happy ending . - How ? - Remember that chocolate bar ? You could pay me back before you snuff it . How 's that a happy ending ? It 's a happy ending for me . At least my totals will tally . Why don 't you smeg off , you annoying little smeggy , smegging smegger ? Every dog has his day . And today 's the day that I 'm the dogl Smeg ! ( SOARING VIOLINS ) - ( HOWLING WIND ) - Arnold Judas Rimmer . Your life is over . Come with me . You will travel to the River Styx where you will place a coin ... Not today , matey ! Remember - only the good die young . - ( DEATH ) That 's never happened before ! - ( THUD ! ) It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere I 'm all alone , more or less Let me fly far away from here Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose Drinking fresh mango juice Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun Fun , fun , fun In the sun , sun , sun
