 Look . And you said they were incompatible . You have confirmed the genetic structure ? An entirely new species . I 'm gonna name it after you . The Tuvok Orchid . That is an honor you should reserve for yourself , Mr. Suder . You gave this species life . And you gave me life . All of this is because of you , because of the meld . The meld may have introduced you to my interest in floriculture , but you have embraced it entirely on your own , and discovered a unique talent within yourself in the process . I used to think the only talent I had was a talent for killing . Please . It 's my way of saying thank you . Very well . I accept . Tuvok , I want to do something for the ship . I 'm not asking you to let me out of confinement . I accept my punishment . But if I could just ... just contribute somehow . What contribution do you feel you could make from your quarters ? I was ... I was thinking I might adapt some of the genetic engineering techniques I 've developed for the orchids to make the airponic vegetable garden more productive . Your attitude is admirable . I will discuss it with the Captain . Do you think she 'll agree ? We 'll see . Now , shall we begin ? Notice your mind working , how it plans for the future , visits the past . Notice those thoughts and set them aside . Turn your attention to the white light that is your breath . Captain , we 're being hailed on a subspace frequency . Are there ships in the vicinity ? Negative . Tracking the source . Seems like it 's coming from an unmanned buoy , coordinates 140 mark 317 . It looks like a Kazon signal , Captain . Take us out of warp . Open a channel . Chakotay , they 're going to take your son . When Culluh saw the baby ... I hear them coming . I don 't have much time . When he saw the baby wasn 't his ... Please Chakotay , help us . Not for me , for your son . I told you to stay out of here . No , please don 't . Don 't take him ! I beg you . No ! Please , no ! I 'm taking him ! No ! Opening Credits This is not my responsibility ! She has no right to expect me to- - She knows you , Chakotay . She knew how you 'd react when you saw your son in danger . I have a duty to this crew . I can 't just leave and go looking for the child . And I 'd never consider letting you go into a Kazon-Nistrim stronghold by yourself . If we do this , we do it together . That 's something else Seska would know too . Do you think it 's a trap ? Do I think Seska is capable of manipulating you and me with this ? Oh , yes . On the other hand , it was time for her to deliver , and that baby we saw did look part Cardassian and part human . And knowing Culluh , I 'm sure his pride was wounded when he realized the child wasn 't his . It makes sense , Chakotay . It might all be true . Still , the safest thing would be to ignore this message and resume our course . I 'm not going to resume our course just yet . I want you to think about it , Chakotay . This has to be your decision . If you choose to go after him , I know I speak for the entire crew , Starfleet and Maquis alike , when I say we 'll stand behind you . A-koo-chee-moya . We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers . We are far from the bones of my people . But I ask , on this day of sorrow and uncertainty , that the wisdom of my father find me and help me understand my dilemma . Speak to me , Father . Speak to me in my dreams . I 've never seen you so troubled , Chakotay . I have a son , Father . A son , Chakotay ? Oh . This is the reason for your despair . Was he born with two arms and two legs and a heart that beats ? Yes , but- - Then it 's a cause for celebration . You will make a fine father . You needn 't worry . I 'm not sure I 'm willing to be a father to him . Hmm . Not willing ? He was born without my consent . I had no part in it . No part in it ? Well , it 's been a long time , so forgive me but it seems that I had to play a part before your mother could conceive . My DNA was taken from me , used by a woman to impregnate herself without my permission . I see . You 're trying to decide whether you should accept the child in your heart . It 's more than that . But it must begin with that ! How do you take a child into your heart who is forced upon you by a mother 's deception ? He knows nothing of deception . He is innocent . Centuries ago , when the women of our tribe were raped by white conquerors , many gave birth to their children , and we did not reject them . They were accepted by the tribe . One was a direct ancestor of ours , Chakotay . His name was Ce Acatl . He became a great leader of our people . Here is a man who was given life without his mother 's consent . Are you so different from her ? And is your child so different from Ce Acatl ? No . Hmm . He is your son , Chakotay , and he is a child of our people . I 've been in touch with the Talaxian mining colony on Prema II . They 're willing to come to our assistance , if we run into trouble . That 's good for about 40 hours if we average warp 2 . After that we 're out of their comm range . Well , it 's nice to know we have friends in the area . Thank you , Neelix . I recommend a full diagnostic of our tactical array prior to the start of the mission , Captain . Agreed . But I want more from Tactical , Lieutenant . I want to anticipate a trap , and I want a few tricks up our sleeves if we need them . Captain . I could program the deflector grid to make it look like we have help on the way . I 'll show you what I mean . Excuse me , Doctor . Echo displacement . Exactly . This is how we 'd look to the enemy 's sensors . If we generate multiple decoy images like these , the Kazon would think that ships are coming toward us . We could create as many as we want . That 's a good start , Harry . It should distract them for a while . But what else can we do if we 're eventually intercepted by a superior force ? If you don 't mind . I do have something to add . Thank you . Captain , I hesitate to offer suggestions in a field of endeavor that is not within my usual area of expertise . Please , doctor , your suggestions on any subject are always welcome . Really ? In that case , you may expect several more on a variety of matters in the near future . Right now may I suggest that we also consider attempting to create an actual holographic illusion of friendly ships ? With all due respect , Doctor , we can 't even figure out how to project you into this room . How are we supposed to create holographic ships in space ? I would humbly submit that my program is far more sophisticated than your run-of-the-mill hologram . In fact , projecting the illusion of a large , three-dimensional object has been a trick of magicians for centuries . We 'll just do it with mirrors . Mr. Paris 's predictable attempts at humor notwithstanding , that is precisely what I would suggest . Installing holo-emitters along the hull with parabolic mirrors to enlarge the images as they are reflected into space . We 're gonna use up a lot of our power reserves trying to pull it off . If these ships can fool the Kazon , it 's worth it . But can they ? If the Kazon scan the holograms , they will immediately realize there are no life signs on board , no power signatures . Okay , so we can 't fool them for long , but maybe it 'll be long enough . It 's an advantage , and we 'll need every advantage we can get on this mission . Work with the Doctor on it , B 'Elanna . Mr. Kim . Cut power to all systems to minimum requirements . I don 't want to show up on any Kazon long-range scanners . Mr. Paris , locate the warp signature from Culluh 's ship and set a course to follow , warp 2 . Aye , Captain . Dismissed . Uh , excuse me , but there is one more thing . Thank you . It 's not Culluh 's ship . Looks more like a shuttle . Slow to impulse . Set an intercept course , Mr. Paris . Have they indicated the nature of the distress ? Just a signal , Captain . No response to our hails . Let 's go to red alert . Visual range . On screen . Showing one life sign , adult Kazon male . He 's in critical condition . Janeway to Sickbay . Prepare to receive an emergency transport . Standing by , Captain . Commander . Mr. Tuvok , you have the bridge . Remain at red alert . Aye , Captain . His hip is broken . Showing severe inflammation in the bronchial tissue . It appears he inhaled noxious gases vente d in the damaged shuttle . 40 milligrams pulmozine . I know this man . His name 's Teirna . He 's one of Seska 's aides . She had him work me over when I was on their ship . Seska is dead . Seska thought that she could manipulate the maje . She bragged about it to me more than once . But this time , she was wrong . We had just launched the buoy with the message for you . Then they came for her . They cut her throat as Culluh watched . He ordered them to execute me , but I bribed one of the guards to get me to a shuttle . As soon as he saw it leaving , Culluh opened fire , destroyed my life support systems . He left me in space to die . What about the child ? Taken to the Gema IV colony to be raised as a servant . We 'll be needing your help getting to the Gema system . You 're going after him ? This ship , alone ? I want nothing to do with this . I 'm not taking you into Nistrim space . Under the circumstances , I 'd say you don 't have much of a choice . What 's his prognosis ? He 'll be on his feet in a day or two but there 's still a number of things we need to keep an eye on . He 's had a nasty concussion , spinal cord trauma and a polycythemia , the cause of which I 've yet to discover . Polycythemia ? An abnormal increase in the number of red blood cells . I 'd like you to run an autonomic response analysis the next time I question him . I 'm afraid that won 't help you determine if he 's telling you the truth , Commander . An ARA depends on making a baseline comparison with the known response for a given species . Any Tom , Dick or Harry from the Alpha Quadrant , I could probably help you , but not with any of the new species of the Delta Quadrant . Regarding his veracity , it may help you to know that if we 'd arrived an hour later , he would have been dead from his injuries . The molecular variance residual on his shuttle is evidence of disruptor blasts and the signature is Kazon , so at least that part of his story seems to be true . Plus , we confirmed nitrogen tetroxide fumes were in the cabin . If all this was part of a Kazon scheme , he had to be willing to breathe poison for hours before we got there . Have you found anything at all that would cast doubt on his story ? No . I still don 't trust him . The trip would take six days at warp 2 . Four days if you didn 't take such a circuitous route if we simply went across the Tenarus cluster . You would encounter the Nistrim fleet before a single day passed . Anyone who knows this part of space will tell you the same thing . It so happens that I do know this part of space , my Kazon friend . I just wanted to see if you would tell us the truth . The route he suggests is safer , Captain . Of course , it 's safer . I don 't want to run into Culluh any more than you do . We might have more success avoiding him if you gave us the command codes for the Nistrim defense net . Computer , display tactical overview of our current course . Enter code sequence 491170 Culluh . Mr. Paris , adjust our course to avoid the defense net . Aye , Captain . That is not an end to the danger . We are heading into an area of space populated by Kazon factions that are loyal to no one . They will attack without provocation . Vessel approaching , coordinates 314 mark 21 . Signature is Kazon . Red alert . Configuration of the ship , Mr. Tuvok . A small raider , Captain . It does not pose a significant threat . Nevertheless , it is powering up its weapon systems . Shields are holding . Return fire . The raider is breaking off its attack . Minor damage to secondary command processors on Deck 12 . EPS power supplies and isolinear controllers are off-line . No casualties , though . Begin repairs , Mr. Kim . Any other sign of Kazon ships , Lieutenant ? Nothing on long-range sensors . The raider is continuing to retreat . We should have a couple of hours to ourselves at least . Good . We can use them . Stand down red alert . Captain , we 're about to go beyond the comm range of the Talaxian colony . Just thought you 'd like to know . Thank you , Lieutenant . Maintain current course . Captain . I haven 't forgotten , Mr. Tuvok . Very well . This seems as good a time as any . Captain . Mr. Suder . Please . P-Please come in . Won 't you sit down ? Excuse the mess . I wasn 't expecting company . Can I get you some tea ? Have you had lunch ? Nothing , thank you . Lieutenant Tuvok has been telling me about your progress . Has he ? Well , I 'm ... I 'm very grateful to him , Captain . I still have a lot to learn of course , but he is an excellent tutor . When we first started our studies , I-I thought ... The Captain 's time is limited , Mr. Suder . What ? Oh . Of course . I have explained your proposal to her . I 'd like to know more about it , Mr. Suder . What exactly would be involved ? Yes , yes . Let me show you . I 've actually had very encouraging results with a new gene splicing technique . I created a targeted restriction enzyme to facilitate the hybrid . And you feel you could experiment on our airponic crops here in your quarters ? Absolutely . I would make this an airponic laboratory . And all I would need are a few plants , certain chemicals and equipment . What sort of chemicals and equipment ? Nothing dangerous . I ... I prepared a list . It 's an interesting proposition , Mr. Suder . Let me discuss it with Kes and Lieutenant Tuvok , and I 'll get back to you . I 've already discussed it with Kes and she is very interested . Good . Let me give it some thought . If you 're worried you can 't trust me , Captain ... Mr. Tuvok has assured me- - I only want to do something , something for the ship . I understand , Mr. Suder . Then what 's the problem ? Why won 't you give me an answer ? Mr. Suder . I just want to do something for the ship . Excuse me . Captain 's Log , supplemental . None of the four Kazon attacks have caused serious damage , but the starboard ventral has been hit each time , complicating repairs on the secondary command processors . You are making an adequate recovery , Mr. Teirna . The only matter that I simply cannot understand is this lingering polycythemia . I feel fine . The medical record you gave us does not indicate any prior blood disorders . Might it be an inherited trait ? Do you know if your parents ever ... My parents were killed in a Trabe attack shortly after I was born . I see . Well , we 'll need to monitor this condition for a while . It might be due to some chemical imbalance that our sensors aren 't recognizing , possibly the result of the toxins you inhaled while on the shuttle . You 're welcome . Feeling better ? I 'm sure I 'll make a complete recovery just in time for the Gema colony 's defense force to destroy us all . You 're still not optimistic about our chances , are you ? No . We 've had no problem repelling the attacks so far . Attacks ? When there 's a real Nistrim attack , you 'll know it . You still have pride in the Nistrim , don 't you , Teirna ? Even after what they did to you ? I remember that pride in your eyes when you pounded me with your fists while I was tied to a chair . And I can see it in your eyes now , and that scares the hell out of me . You must scare easily , Federation . Tell me something , Teirna . Every Kazon attack seems to focus on our starboard ventral . Think that might be some kind of pattern ? I wouldn 't know . Because if it is , and you 've been lying to us ... Commander Chakotay ! Not in my Sickbay . Please . Firing phasers . Increase speed to one-half impulse . Aye , Captain . They 're coming at our starboard ventral again . Our shields there haven 't been repaired yet . We 're gonna sustain more damage to the secondary command processors . Starboard ventral . Warning . Fires have been detected on decks 12 and 15 , sections A-4 through C-18 . Control units are responding , Captain . Keep our port forequarter facing the line of attack , Mr. Paris . Don 't let them see our starboard ventral . I 'm doing my best . Continuous fire , starboard phasers . Acknowledged . They 're withdrawing , Captain . Stand down red alert . Mr. Kim . Deck 12 is in shambles . We barely have time to begin repairs before they attack it again . At least no one was hurt . The secondary command processors are nonfunctional . We 'll have to rebuild them . I 'd say we 're looking at two days work if we 're not attacked again . Why would these factions of Kazon , loyal to no one , all have the same agenda ? And why would that agenda focus on a nonessential area of the ship ? I don 't know , but it feels like we 're being pecked to death by ducks . We can 't just stay on this course and wait to see what they have in store for us . I agree . It 's time to reexamine our game plan . Mr. Paris , reverse course . Aye , Captain . Mr. Teirna should be restricted to quarters on a secured deck until further notice . Acknowledged . Dinner time , Mr. Suder . We have a fine leola root soup tonight . I 'm not hungry . Red alert . I 'm afraid we have to go . I 'll leave it here . Just in case . How many do you count , Mr. Tuvok ? Eight large carrier vessels , confirmed Kazon signatures . Funny how they show up right after we reverse course . Time to intercept . 8 minutes . Their attack formation is a classic Cardassian echelon . Curious . They have left us with an obvious avenue of escape , Captain . You 're right , it is curious . Too curious for me . I don 't know what 's down that avenue of escape , Mr. Tuvok , but I like to choose my own way . Set a course to intercept their lead ship . Aye , Captain . Battle stations . Time to intercept . 3 minutes , 10 seconds , give or take a photon torpedo . Mr. Kim . Echo displacement ready , Captain . Send in the cavalry . Activating deflector grid . They should be seeing the same thing on their scanners . 10 ships with Talaxian signatures . Four of the Kazon ships are breaking formation . Confirmed . They 're changing course . They took the bait . That only leaves four for us to handle . I like those odds better than eight-to-one . 2 minutes to intercept . Janeway to Torres . We 're ready down here , Captain . All the new holo-projectors are on-line . We can create three Talaxian ships whenever you want to . In about a minute and a half , B 'Elanna . Stand by . Perhaps we should try one last systems check . You 've already done it twice . I 'm new at this . And we 've never put such a demand on the holo-generators before . We should have boosted the power input . The defense systems are going to need all the auxiliary power we have , Doctor . We might try a preliminary- - Doctor ! It 'll work . Everything will be fine . I 'm not worried . Here we go . They are randomly detonating torpedoes in our flight path . Shields are holding . No damage . Hold your fire , Mr. Tuvok . They may have torpedoes to waste . We don 't . 30 seconds to intercept . Take us out of warp . Engaging impulse engines . Power to all weapon systems . Stand by phasers . Kazon vessel 10,000 kilometers off our starboard bow . Not yet . Six thousand kilometers . Not yet . Five thousand , three , two thousand . Now . Initiating evasive maneuvers , Beta sequence . Two more Kazon ships approaching . Shields at 90 % . Janeway to Torres . Initiate holo-programs . Acknowledged . Energizing . That 's two , and here 's number three . Help ! Man overboard ! Doctor , are you there ? Are you all right ? I told you we should have run one last systems check . Four Kazon ships dead ahead , but they 're dividing their fire , Captain . The holograms are working . Ready photons . Torpedoes loaded . Take us about , Mr. Paris . We want a good angle on that fourth hip . Coming about , 141 mark 20 . Fire photon number one . Full starboard roll , evasive maneuvers Lambda sequence . Fire . Shields at 85 % and holding . Minor damage reported Deck 14 . Come about to 143 mark 060 . Coming about . Ready photons , dispersal pattern Sierra . Fire . I 'm reading a massive discharge on Deck 8 . We 've lost a primary plasma conduit . Deck 8 . Teirna 's quarters . Damage control teams to Deck 8 . I 'm showing power failures all over the ship . We 've lost power to the new holodeck grid . I can 't restore it . B 'Elanna , are you all right ? Yes , Captain . But it looks like our reactant 's injector controls were hit . Stand by . All three Kazon ships are concentrating their fire on us now , Captain . Shields at 70 % and falling . Starboard targeting scanners are off-line . Evasive maneuvers , Mr. Paris . Gamma sequence . Engineering , I need warp power . We can 't go to warp , Captain . The containment field generator has been damaged . I 'm attempting to bypass . Captain , if I can get a shuttle through the cross fire , I can go back and bring the Talaxians to help us . Chakotay , take the conn . Good luck , Lieutenant . Shuttle is clear . So far , so good . Give him as much cover fire as you can , Tuvok . Aye , Captain . Voyager to Paris . Please respond . Tom , can you hear me ? I 've lost contact with the shuttle . Navigational array is off-line . We 've lost power to forward phasers . Shields at 30 % . They 're buckling . Report . The driver coil assembly has been destroyed . Impulse engines are off-line . We 're being boarded through the shuttle bays , Captain . Phaser fights reported on decks 5 , 6 , 7 . Intruder alert . Security to decks 5 through 7 . Begin evacuation . Janeway to Computer . Initiate self-destruct sequence . Authorization , Janeway Pi-110 . Set at 10 minutes . Unable to initiate self-destruct sequence due to damage to secondary command processors . Stay where you are . Don 't move . Hold your fire . Get down there ! You ! Move ! I want to speak to Maje Culluh . Easily arranged , Captain . Hello , everyone . What do you think of your son , Chakotay ? He has your eyes , don 't you think ? Thank goodness he doesn 't look too human . You all have such weak foreheads . May he grow up never knowing the contempt his father has for his mother . I think I can assure you of that , Commander . I intend to take him for my own son . A man who would violate a woman under his own command ... What ? ... doesn 't deserve a son . Is that what she told you ? The boy will be trained as a Nistrim askara . Already he has helped us win the greatest battle in our history . Culluh , I 'd like to discuss what happens now . You 'll be given no more respect than any Kazon woman , now that your ship and technology are mine . I will tell you when you may speak . Allow my crew to live . They were following my orders . You 're even worse than she is . What is it about the women from your quadrant ? You know , she contradicts me in front of the senior askara ? My own woman disputing her maje in front of others . This is your fault . You 've let your women get out of control . You know you have my deepest respect , Maje . Why is it so dark in here ? Somebody turn on the lights . Order the repair crews to begin work immediately . I want to leave for the Hanon system as soon as possible . What 's in the Hanon system ? Your new home . Take them to a cargo bay . Have the whole crew brought there . Check all quarters . Move . Good bye , Chakotay . I 'll take good care of our son . Oh , are you hungry , my brave little boy ? Move it ! Oh , God . Stop it . You ! Come on , move ! Keep moving . This is outrageous ! Shut up ! You ! Get up ! Move ! Get out ! Computer , activate Medical Holographic recall . Set for 12 hours . Mark . Check every room . In here . What 's that ? The sensor repairs are complete , Maje . We have accounted for all but two of the Federation crew . There 's also a shuttle missing . Yes , we destroyed a shuttle as it was leaving . Has that been confirmed ? Fine . Have the other ships send out search parties . Confirm the shuttle was destroyed . And even if they find wreckage that seems to be from the shuttle , tell them to check for a recent warp trail . Stand by to engage atmospheric thrusters . Prepare for landing . Activate the viewscreen . Extend landing struts . Ready environmental controls ! Disengage engines . Secure thruster exhaust . A fitting end for a people who would not share their technology . Let 's see if you manage to survive without it . All right . Let 's go . We 've got to find water and shelter . We 'll divide the crew into teams . Each of you will be a team leader . Make it clear to all your people that we expect to be rescued and our job is to survive until help arrives . Do you really think it 's likely that someone will find us , Captain ? You 're the morale officer , Neelix . You give me an answer . Help is on the way ! Maybe Tom 's shuttle got through . It 's very important that this crew be given a sense of hope . That 's our most important job right now . Our top priority is drinking water . Second is shelter to spend the night . A clearing with a protected side like the base of a cliff would be best . Food , fuel . Look for all the basic survival requirements . That includes anything that can be used as a tool or a weapon . We 'll reconvene here in about two hours . All right . Start dividing the crew . Looks like we don 't have much daylight left . We 'll spread the teams out in a standard Alpha search pattern to see what we have to work with . Chakotay , Torres , you 're with me . Alpha team here . Beta team , this way . Gamma team . Delta team with me . The planet seems to be seismically active . At first glance , it 's an M-class planet in a Pliocene stage of evolution . Comparable to Earth several million years ago . Captain . ( to be continued ... ) Closing Credits Guest Stars : Henry Darrow ... . Kolopak Anthony DeLongis ... . Culluh Brad Dourif ... . Lon Suder John Gegenhuber ... . Tierna Martha Hackett ... . Seska
