 And he doesn 't spill a drop ! We missed King Kalihana 's pagan fertility feast for this ? You weren 't about to be the virgin sacrifice . Don 't say it , Quinn . I 'm guessing maybe a stage two on the smog index today . Yeah , something nasty went down here . How much time we got ? Enough . 27 hours . Looks like a war zone . Sounds like a war zone . Incoming ! It is a war zone ! Take cover ! There 's someone out there ! Help ! Get him up ! Easy . Since when did you become shrapnel-proof ? What was I supposed to do ? Just leave him there ? Maybe that would 've been a good idea . Well , I guess this explains it . You risked all our necks to save a Magg ? I don 't know what army you were in , but I was trained never to leave a man down on the battlefield . A man , no , Maggie . But one of these murdering animals , you bet . Easy , guys . This could be good . Good ? How ? We need to find out the Kromaggs ' home world . Maybe we can get some information out of this guy . Maybe he can help us find Wade . That 's a lot of maybes , Q - Ball . What makes you think this Magg 's gonna tell us anything ? I don 't know , but we 're overdue for a lucky break . Maybe the Kromaggs are good guys on this world . Or maybe not . What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds where it 's the same year and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? Who are you ? Leave her alone . What is this device ? A garage door opener . Oh . You know , most Kromaggs prefer the taste of human eyes raw . I like mine cooked in their own juices . Maggie . Stop it . Now , this is a weapon ? A detonator of some kind ? Feel like a big Magg now , torturing women ? Every time you speak , your companion will be made to suffer . I get my hands on you ... Remmy , I appreciate the moral support , but shut up ! So , you were planning to sabotage the project ? What project ? I am in no hurry , human . I like my eyes a little bit on the well side . Enough . Commander . I 'm relieved to see that you escaped without injury . I mean , who knows what might have happened if we hadn 't rescued you from these Homo sapien spies ? Yes . Troubling . But I 'm more troubled that you ordered the perimeter guns tested before I withdrew to the safety of the garrison . That ... That was a miscommunication , Commander . And I assure you , those responsible have been punished . All of them ? Shall I continue the interrogation ? No . Commander , need I remind you of the priority of this project ? They could be saboteurs . Have them decontaminated and brought to my command chamber . Sir ... I trust we will not have another miscommunication , Subcommander . Sorry to spoil your lunch . You hung pretty tough in there , Captain Beckett . How you feeling ? A little tingly . Oh ? Not in a good way . Welcome to Earth 147 , Sliders . What 'd you call us ? That 's what you humans call quantum probability translocation , isn 't it ? Sliding . How innocuous . The design is unusual . Crude , but clearly it is a trans-dimensional facilitator . You made it ? We found it outside . We don 't know what it is . Thought me might trade it in for some food . During decontamination , a spectral scan was done on your tissue . No residual radiation . No biotoxins . Hardly indicative of the native population . Wouldn 't you agree ? Now , you can tell me where you came from , or I can allow Subcommander Krolak to continue his interrogation . All right . We 're sliders . Remmy . Hush , girl . I 'm not letting them go to work on you again . Your army invaded our world , too . Only we couldn 't hold out as long as these folks . My friends and I , we needed a way out . Any way . Some scientists were working on this thing called sliding . We stole their gizmo . Our bad luck we would end up in a worse hellhole than the one we left . Possession of this technology by Homo sapiens is forbidden . The punishment is death . But my life still has some value for me . You saved it , so I feel some obligation . Don 't get weepy on me . If I had known it was one of you ugly freaks under that suit , I 'd have let you die there . And you ? Would you have let me die ? Yes . What am I to do ? I cannot let you go . Yet . I 'm reluctant to order your executions . So , for the time being , You 'll remain under house arrest . But make no mistake , mercy is not my strong suit . If you defy an order from any Kromagg , you will be killed . If you attempt to interfere with the operation of this garrison , you will be killed . And if you attempt to escape ! You will die soon enough . Kromaggs don 't show mercy . It 's not in their nature . Maybe they 're trying to " good cop , bad cop " us . Why ? Unless they didn 't buy Remmy 's story about stealing the timer . Speaking of , we got less than a day to get it back , or you better get used to these accommodations . Was it just me , or did it seem like the Lieutenant was trying to frag his CO ? No , there 's definitely some sort of power struggle going on . Maybe we can use it to our advantage . Yeah , it looks like Maggie 's got some juice with these leather-faced creeps . What ? You saved that Magg 's bacon , and he knows it . That 's the only reason we 're not dead right now . And maybe beauty can finesse the timer out of the beast . Remmy . What are you saying ? I 'm saying we do whatever we can to get out of here . Now , I already spent three months in a Kromagg re-education camp . What they were doing to Maggie is a sponge bath compared to what they have in store for us . I watched Wade being hauled away , screaming . I 'm not going back . We miss that window , I will die before I spend 29 years here with these bastards . And I will take as many of them with me as I can . Commander , am I to believe you granted the Homo sapien spies full access to the garrison ? House arrest is hardly full access , Subcommander . But they are human . Vermin . And if this is how you commanded the twelfth legion , perhaps the great struggle was lost from the start . You serve at my leisure , Krolak . Pray I do not tire of dogma-spewing Dynasty toadies anytime soon . Inter-dimensional transmission , Commander . For your eyes only . At your command . The Dynasty has been tracking a rogue human for some time . He possesses trans-dimensional travel capabilities , and we have reason to believe he recently arrived on Earth 147 . If any of your garrison encounter this man , do not detain him . I do not understand . It is not for you to understand . Do as you are told , and perhaps the disgrace that soils the Klan Kromanus will be lifted . Clear ? Of course . Efforts to penetrate the dampening field the humans have placed around our world have failed . It remains cloaked to our sensors , lost amidst an infinite number of worlds . And this human will change that ? This human has the key to our ultimate victory . The tracking device implanted in him during his captivity on Earth 113 will lead us to our home world . Quinn Mallory will bring about the destruction of his own species . I 've never seen Remmy like this before . If you 'd been through what he has , you might be a little freaked about staying at the Kromagg Hilton , too . It 's more than that . Ever since we found Earth Prime , he 's just totally shut down . I mean , at least I know I have a home somewhere . He 's lost everything . He 's never been a hateful man , but now ... It 's the only thing that 's keeping him going . Human survivors . Prisoners of war . We haven 't taken many . I 'm sure your troops made sure of that . They didn 't have to . On most of the worlds that we conquer , the inhabitants offer only minor resistance . Their primitive weapons are no match for ours . These humans , however . We killed millions , but they wouldn 't yield . The war dragged on for two years . And even though they must 've known the battle was lost , they didn 't stop . Chemical agents , biotoxins , atomic weapons . They chose death over surrender . The Battle of California . What ? On my Earth , there was a world war . It was the second of three , actually . Human against human . The Japanese invaded the west coast of my country . The Marines fought them , block by block , but they kept pouring in reinforcements . When the American lines finally broke , they felt they had no choice . We dropped two atomic bombs . One on Los Angeles , one on San Diego . On our own soil . On our own troops . My grandfather fought there . You were a warrior . A pilot , yes . I will hear more of this Earth . You will dine with me tonight . I don 't think so . It was not a request . Great . Four hours on this world , and I got a date . I hate to crimp your social life , but forget it . We have to get that timer back , or we 'll be joining those people outside . We 'll find another way . There might not be another way . I said forget it . Since when have you become my chaperone ? Why take the risk ? If the Kromaggs laid a hand on you , I ... Quinn , I didn 't know you cared . Stop them . Hey , it 's okay , man . You 're gonna be all right . Come in . All you need is a little soft music , and you 're in business . I do not understand . Let 's not have any illusions that this is a social event . You ordered me here , so here I am . This is not an interrogation . I had hoped we could at least be civil . What the hell is this ? Most humans find a familiar image less stressful . Well , I don 't respond well to deception . Did you think the sight of a handsome face would make me forget you 're the enemy ? You wanted to see me because I was a soldier . Have the courtesy to treat me like one . My apologies , Captain . Will you join me now ? Please . No , no . Help me . Help me . Hey , what did they do to you ? Hey , man . Forget him . He 's out of it . They cut his eyes out . No . It 's from the radiation outside . He was probably too close to the blast site when we tried to push the Maggs out of Bakersfield . We should 've let them keep it . You look pretty good . What are you ? Phase 1 ? Phase 1 ? The projects . You can 't be more than Phase 1 or 2 . You haven 't changed enough yet . The project ? Where you from ? From outside . Nobody comes from outside . Not anymore . What 's the project ? What is going on here ? Nobody knows . They just take you away . Every time you come back different , if you come back at all . What 's your name ? Penny . Pretty Penny , my dad used to call me , before they took him away . At least he never saw me like this . Come on , Penny . I 'm gonna get you out of here . It 's them . They run the project . You 've gotta get out of here . I 'm not gonna leave you here to be turned into some kind of monster . You can 't save us . Don 't let them take you , too . Please . No ! Hey . Where have you been ? Doing a little recon . Where 's Maggie ? Taking your advice . What ? She 's having dinner with the Kromagg Commander , trying to get the timer back . Yeah , I wish they 'd invited me . I 'd like to take a steak knife to that sadistic SOB . That 's why you 're not on their guest list . What 'd you find out ? This is a freaking death camp . Got a lab filled with POWs . They 're using them for some type of experiment . Genetic engineering or something . I don 't know , but it 's bad . Must 've been the project they were asking Maggie about . Well , we need to do something . We need to get the timer back . They 're butchering these people . You think I like standing by , doing nothing ? But we can 't save everybody , man . So we just leave this Earth to rot like my Earth ? Look , it was my world , too . I understand how you feel about the Kromaggs . And after what they did to you , I can 't blame you . You have no idea what they did to me . You think I 'm just supposed to forget ? " Walk it off , Remmy . It 's over " ? You gonna kill every Magg you see ? Is that what you want to be , Remmy ? You want to be a killer ? You don 't understand . Well then , tell me . Tell Maggie . Tell somebody . Remmy , you know I 'll follow you anywhere , but you gotta learn how to deal with this , or else it 's just gonna eat you up until there is nothing left . I saw them wheel a body out of there , so keep an eye out . Sorry . What do you think ? Looks like some kind of retina scan . I tell you , man , I can 't make heads or tails out of half of this Kromagg technology . Q - Ball . This is a restricted area , human . You violated a direct order , and I 'm very strict about following orders . You know , it 's been so long since I had good human eyes on this world . The local variety are all wilted and rotten . Hey , take it easy . Now , we didn 't know that this was a restricted area . We just got turned around . All these corridors look the same . If you 're lying , the penalty for spying is death . Seems to be a catch-all punishment with you guys . Hey , listen , listen . What is your commander gonna say when he finds out you 've been carving up his guest ? Don 't think Kromanus is going to protect you . He 's grown weak , and he won 't last . And then there 'll be no one to keep you out of the Pit , human . Your quarters are that way . Aren 't you going to eat ? Our dietary requirements are a bit different from yours . I wouldn 't want to spoil your appetite . You were a pilot ? Marine aviator . I flew Harriers . Jump jets . A few hours on F-18s . Primitive aircraft . We destroyed thousands of them . Well , you 've never flown against me . You saw combat ? Some . Mostly close air support during the big Siberian push . You were a trained fighter , you 've tasted combat , and yet you fled your world during our invasion . Are you a coward ? I 'd already given up flying to be with my husband after he got injured . How human . Thank you . Your mate , he 's one of your companions ? No , he 's dead . Do you have any family ? Anyone waiting for you back on your home world ? We don 't require sentimental bonds to breed . Oh . How Kromagg . Hmm . What are you doing here ? Earth 147 is a proving ground . We use it as a training arena for new tactics and weapons . But what are you doing here ? Explain . How many humans did you kill to get all these ? How many worlds did you conquer ? I figure you 'd be up for a cushy command on Kromagg Prime . Not shipped off to some ruined planet used for target practice . You must 've screwed up big time to get stuck here . You are very perceptive . We , too , had our great war . Kromaggs and humans wrestling for dominion over the world . It raged two years , until the endless bloodshed finally took its toll on your kind . They lost their will to fight . A weakness of character that we do not suffer from . Our victory at hand , I commanded a legion of troops to take the capital city . What happened ? It was a trap . Their scientists developed a terrible weapon . And as at your Battle of California , they proved they had the will to use it ! The day was lost . The war was lost . Our world was lost . They made you a scapegoat . I received a command commensurate with my battlefield performance . One man cannot be held accountable for an entire world war . I am not a man ! And you insult me with your human sympathy . Is that why you saved my life ? You took pity on me ? I didn 't have time for pity . I saw someone out there who was going to die . I didn 't know if he was human or Kromagg . At the time , it didn 't seem to matter . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 've had enough . It was strange . He was ruthless , like you 'd expect . You know , hard . But there was something different . It was like he was haunted . Oh , jeez , maybe we ought to get him some therapy . What about the timer ? Well , it was sitting right there on the desk , but I couldn 't grab it . Man . But I got this . Hey , all right . Maybe we could open some doors with this . I do not even want to know how you got that . And you 're not going to find out . But there 's something else , Quinn . He told me about his world . Your world . How they lost the war . What ? Your people developed some kind of secret weapon that not even the Kromaggs could handle . Kicked their butts right off the planet . I knew it . That 's why we gotta get there as soon as possible . No , we got business here first . What are you talking about ? This project of theirs . They 're experimenting on humans . Turning them into monsters . He told me this whole planet was used as a proving ground for testing weapons . All the more reason for us to get to the home world . Stop these guys once and for all . And how many slides is that gonna take ? A hundred ? A million ? I don 't know , Q-Ball , maybe you 're right about me . Maybe it is just about payback . About spilling some Kromagg blood for a change . Remmy . But it 's not about what 's going on inside of me right now . I left a lot of good people back there in that Magg prison , and Wade was one of them . I can 't walk away again . Not this time . Neither can we . This is it . They 're gone . They 're all gone . This is it . Hey , where is she ? Where 'd they take her ? Where is she ? Remmy . Phase 4 . The Pit . The Pit . Thanks . Any ideas ? I 'm open for suggestions . Looking for this ? Where are the others ? This must be the Pit . Yeah , but what is that ? I got a bad feeling about this . Yeah . Oh , my God . What the devil is that thing ? Looks like some sort of particle weapon . Probably designed to disrupt subatomic bonds in living tissue . You mean human tissue . Yeah . Penny ? Penny . No ! Remmy ! Run ! Run , run ! Look out ! Let me guess . You 're lost again . I 'm sorry , Q-Ball . You had to do something . Maggie . You okay ? Yeah . It appears Krolak was right . I was a fool to believe you animals could be trusted . After what we saw outside , you 're calling us animals ? What are you talking about ? Tell her what you 're really doing here . Tell her about the weapon you 've built that rips people apart , atom by atom . We will use whatever means necessary to regain the home world . This isn 't about winning your world back . This is about revenge . You 're going to use that weapon to exterminate every human being on every alternate world you find . It is not my place to question the will of the Dynasty . Oh , that is beautiful . We had a bunch of guys on our Earth who thought the same way . " Just following orders , " they said . I don 't need to justify my actions to you . No , but you have to justify them to yourself . I thought warriors won their honor on the battlefield , not by committing mass murder . You asked me if I pitied you . I do now . Have you recaptured the test subjects ? No need , Commander . Our scientists have informed me that Phase 4 is ready . So soon ? Well , thanks to our ample supply of test animals , we 've been able to tune the weapon to be human specific more quickly than anticipated . When the device is deployed , there 'll be no place on the planet for the vermin to hide . Commander ? Proceed with the tests . This is a great day for the Dynasty . Yes . A great day . Oh , I should have grabbed that timer when I had the chance . Don 't beat yourself up . You got us important information . Nothing that 's gonna get us out of here in the next half hour . Penny ! Look , what are you doing here ? You 're gonna get caught . You saved my life . I couldn 't just leave you . Where 's the switch ? Here . Come on . This 'll take us outside . We slide in 27 minutes . If we find the timer . Wait a minute . Aren 't you forgetting something ? The Kromaggs ' little doomsday weapon . If we don 't stop them now , how long you think it 's gonna be before we start sliding into more worlds like this one ? We try to take that weapon out , we might miss the sliding window . I 'll try to dismantle the weapon , then we 've gotta find the timer . We saw Little Boy before . This must be Fat Man . Go to it , Q-Ball . I told you , I can 't figure out this Kromagg technology . Six minutes . Do something , Quinn . Looks like this thing 's designed to resonate a specific DNA pattern . That 's why it kills humans and not Kromaggs . Just destroy it . What will stop them from building another one ? Hang on . I might be able to change these settings . Move away from there . You are correct , human . It took our scientists months to set this weapon to disrupt only human organics . All your hard work paid off . I guess you 'll be getting another medal for this . You may not believe this , Captain , but I find no honor in this duty . During our great struggle , our cause was clear , to conquer a world that was ours by birthright . Half yours , half humanity 's . Our world lost . Our cause has become one of bloody retribution . Genocide . There comes a time when even a warrior tires of pointless bloodshed . Thank you . Save your gratitude . I 'm simply following my orders . What orders ? Do you really believe that your escape from the Kromagg Detention Center was a result of your own resourcefulness ? Consider my debt repaid . Now , go . Take them away . Quit pushing ! I 'm afraid I must take command of this garrison . You fool . You don 't know what you 're doing . I 'm fulfilling my own destiny . I don 't plan to end up a disgrace like you . Exiled and forgotten , living on a dead world . At least have the self-respect to die honorably . I plan to . And you should be honored . You 're about to participate in the final test of the weapon that will rid the universe of your kind forever . Deploy Phase 4 . How 's the time ? We don 't have much left . I 'm sorry . Now . What happened ? I adjusted the DNA setting so that the blast wouldn 't affect humans . But I was sure that , that Kromagg officer saw what I did . He did . You okay ? 30 seconds . Look , this is hard to explain , but we 're leaving here . We 're going to a different world . Now , you can come with us . Start all over someplace new . No . There 's nothing for you here . This is my home . We fought for years to keep it . Now that it 's ours again , I can 't leave . The Kromaggs may come back to find out what happened to their project . We 'll make sure they don 't get a chance to start over . It 's time . Good luck . Thank you for everything !
