 Oh , my God . Maggie ! No ! Come on . Watch it . Maggie ! It 's coming this way . Where are you ? Get back . Maggie ! You know , it 's probably for the best . That guy wasn 't right for you . What 's so funny ? He wanted me to meet his parents . Any idea where we are ? Not a clue . Looks like there 's a road up ahead . You ever slide into a land of giants before ? Yeah , but they were never this friendly . This is strange . It didn 't stop again , did it ? No . It 's fine . It just says that we 're here for 624 hours . Six hundred and twenty-four ? You 're sure you 're reading it right ? That 's 26 days . That 's three and a half weeks . In the middle of nowhere . Even if it 's not the middle , I bet it 's right next door . Hey , doesn 't that thing go down there ? No , I took it off this thing . But it 's not supposed to go back on this thing . Hey , take it easy , don 't jam it on there . Are you the boss or the helper today ? I 'm the boss . And I said don 't jam it in there . You know , having nothing to do wouldn 't be so bad , if we had a different kind of nothing to do sometimes . Man , this is gonna be the longest 10 days of my life . What do you think ? He looks pretty nervous . Think somebody 's after him ? I don 't see anybody . Could be choppers . What do you figure , highway patrol ? FBI ? Hey , bub , not a good idea to smoke around these pumps . We don 't get too many of these around here . Back to work , Joe . Oh , that 's it ! I 've had it ! What 's wrong now ? I 'm not working at that place anymore . Did you quit ? Two schools of thought . Marty thinks he fired me , I know I quit ! But one thing 's for sure . That trucker 's going to be doing everything with his left hand for weeks . Well , we got 10 more days here . It 's all right , I 'll get another job . There aren 't any other jobs around here , Maggie . We 're stuck . I never thought I 'd be saying this , but I miss the Kromaggs . Yes , they 're scary , yes , they 're dangerous , but there 's never a dull moment . What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds where it 's the same year and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? Hey , Maggie . Thought you didn 't get off till 6 : 00 . The boss gave her the rest of her life off . What have you got there ? Oh , a bunch of old books . Might be something in here to kill time better than watching reruns of " Touched By A Ranger . " I mean , Chuck Norris is a fine actor , but on this world he should leave that action stuff to somebody else . Let me see one of these . " Bebop King , the life of Jackie Robinson , " the greatest saxophone player this world has ever seen . " You see , on this world , Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier in what was , up until then , an all-white art form . Got a bunch of time-killers . Think I 'll take a shower . Hey , be careful . Showers in places like this tend to attract guys with really big knives and really bad wigs . Maggie seems really short-tempered lately . I would think all of you would look forward to three weeks of nothing going on for a change . I can 't stand vacations either . One week of sun and sand and I just want to get back to the grind . Sliding , fighting Kromaggs , running for our lives every other minute ? Ah , that 's the life . Hey , guys , listen to this . " When Grobar , the Gormak science officer , revealed his formula " for inter-dimensional travel , " Commander Kurch Grimax knew that the possibility existed for his people " to escape the wrath of Thon . " What are you reading ? Flow My Blood , The Soldier Said , by Isaac Clark . I thought you hated science fiction . There 's also a biologic weapon in here . Sounds a lot like the one we heard about when we were in the slidecage . Well , what we do in reality might seem like fantasy to people in another world . Yeah , if I hadn 't been along for the ride , and they told me about it , I wouldn 't believe anything we do . Hey , I think I just figured it out . " Gormak " is a close anagram for Kromagg . Hey , look at this . Oh , my gosh . Those are Kromaggs . You 're doing a pretty good job there , farmer boy . Thanks . Just takes practice . Internal combustion is just a controlled explosion . Just as long as it 's controlled . Think I 'm on to something . Publisher says he has no idea where Isaac lives . Doesn 't have an agent , just does all of his business through a lawyer . Lawyer will not talk . Actually his voice mail won 't talk . But I got his name . And I got the name of another agent who brokered some movie stuff for him . And what does that mean , you 're on to something ? Well , that 's the name and numbers of three people who had to have called up Clark at some time . So ? So , all we got to do is match some numbers up . Yeah , well , how do we access those phone line records ? We 've got a computer . We hack our way in . Not without a modem . Yeah , well , Maggie 's got money , we can ... Hey , guys , ready to roll ? Downtown Needles . Bright lights , big city . You 've never seen me roll the dice , have you , big boy ? What ? What 's wrong ? Maggie , I 've realized you 've worked very hard at the diner . Remmy , Colin here at the gas station , and I also realize that you 've saved up your money , so you could really enjoy your little holiday in Needles . How much money do you need ? Enough to get a modem . So we can get online and hack our way to get some phone line records . Of course . What would a slide be without hacking into some phone records ? There 's a whole section in here on how the Gormak women are unable to have children . Just like the Maggs . This guy is either from your world , or he 's been following us around . What are you looking for ? Any repeat calls to the same number from all three of the source numbers . We figure Clark 's lawyer , publisher and agent must have called him . Maybe more than once . If we can match the numbers , it helps narrow the scan . Nice . We 've got three calls to this 555 number , 818 code , from the publisher . Okay , key in on that number and scan the other bases . Bingo . One , two , three , four calls from the lawyer . And two from the agent . And look at this . The calls are to this number , never from it . And always about the same time of day . So what do we do now , call that number ? Not yet . That 's why we bought the reverse directory . We can track the phone 's location . Okay , here we go . It 's in Wrighthood , up the mountains . Highway 2 . It 's a pay phone . Remmy . Hey , guys . Yeah . Hello ? Sure , okay , great . I 'll let him know . Yeah , thanks , bye . So what if it 's not Clark ? Then we apologize and go away . But it would be really strange if Clark 's agent , attorney , and publisher were calling somebody else . Yes , what is it ? Hi , is this the residence of Isaac Clark ? No . Excuse me , but we 're huge fans of his , we came all this way just to meet him . Maybe get him to autograph a book . I told you . No one named Clark lives here . I have a gun . You won 't need it . I mean , we don 't mean any harm . Look , we 're inter-dimensional travelers . Like the ones in Mr. Clark 's book , only for real . And we go from one world to another with this . My name is Quinn Mallory . And it 's kind of important that we see Isaac Clark . I 'm Isaac Clark . Please , come on in . Our parents told us the Kromaggs were defeated on our home world . Very close to what you describe in the book . And if there is a weapon that can defeat the Kromaggs , well , I 'd like to get my hands on it , take it back to my world and drive them out . Dad spends a lot of time dodging lunatic fans , but you people take the blue ribbon . I 've never heard anything so crazy in my life . Well , it 's all true , just like the story in your father 's book . That 's a novel . Fiction . He makes it all up . Don 't you people know how that works ? We haven 't made up anything . Everything we told you really happened to us . We 're here because we think you can help us . Come on , Dad . Do you need to hear any more of this nonsense ? No , I don 't . Everything these young people are saying is true . I knew the minute you told me your name , Mallory , you see . I knew your parents . There was , as I think , you know , quite a Kromagg problem on our world . That seems like an understatement . Yeah , we heard it was a full-blown civil war . Well , a weapon was needed to put an end to it . Michael and Elizabeth Mallory were brilliant scientists . They headed the research team that developed sliding technology . And they used it to put you two on different worlds , out of harm 's way . And they made it available for anybody who wanted off that world , away from the Kromaggs . But they went back . It 's their world . They wanted to fight for it . So did I. The government put together a team of their best people . We were under a lot of pressure to develop a weapon that would end the war . And you did . Your parents were key to that research . In fact , your father perfected the formula that led to the solution . The Maggs were destroyed . They were given the highest honors . Then it was just a mopping-up operation . Something I don 't understand . Why are you here ? You won the war , drove out the Maggs . Your world was at peace . I saw a lot of destruction , such death was the cause of a lot of it . I just couldn 't face anything on my world again . And I had a brother who worked with us . He decided to stay , but I got Michael Mallory to slide me to this world . And you became a writer ? No , not at first . I looked for work at my old profession , but I found that I had lost the will and heart to pursue it . Then , I met Catherine 's mother . I found happiness for the first time in a long , long time . Then I got this idea . Nobody on this world would believe my story , what I 'd seen , what I 'd been doing . So I decided to make science fact , science fiction . Yeah . But why the isolation ? Why hide away like this ? Sliding technology . You 've got it . The Kromaggs have got it , as you well know . And you were never going to tell me this ? Oh , honey . You were born here . This is your world . I felt that keeping the secret would allow us to have a normal life . What good would it do you to know the truth ? That it was the truth . Oh . Excuse me . One of the hard things about being a parent is that sometimes there is no clear right way to do things . You don 't have to be a parent to have that problem . Excuse me . I need to get some air . Well , how can I help you ? Mind if I join you ? Well , it 's a big night , and nobody owns it . I know how you feel . How could you possibly know that ? I didn 't know the truth about my life , my parents , I grew up thinking that the people that raised me were my mother and father . They weren 't . They never told you ? No . They might have , but they died when I was very young . I didn 't find out about my true parents until my brother found me . And he told you how he was able to slide from one universe to another , and that there was a world where some kind of mutant race went to war with the humans . Yes . And you believed him ? No , it 's not funny . It 's not funny at all . I 'm having to deal with the fact that my whole life has been a lie . Isaac Clark is still your father . I think the hardest thing about being a son or a daughter is realizing that your parents try to do the best they can . But they 're only human . We 're just trying to get home . That 's all any of us want to do . Thanks . I want to thank you for being so understanding . Such a fantastic story coming out of nowhere , and all at once . You raised me on fantastic stories . Yeah . But it must have been quite a jolt to find out that they were all true . Well , Colin helped me with that . Nothing I know about you from experience really changed last night . Bless you . Now , I just want to learn more about your world . Oh , I 'm not so sure that 's a good idea . Why not ? This is your world . It 's been over 20 years since I left my world . There must have been a lot of changes . I don 't know what we might be heading into , and it 's safer for you here . But I 'd never see you again . Well , now , I might be able to come back for you . And you might not . My mother is gone . My only real family now is you and yours on that world . Yes , I really want to go . Hey . Hello . Ah , what a day , huh ? Yeah . You know , packing for a trip is always so hard . I never know if I bring too much stuff or not enough or ... I solved that problem a long time ago . You see , I don 't bring anything . You see , up until now , we were never sure where we were going . But we always manage to find what we need when we get there . God , I can 't imagine what it 's like doing what you do . It 's amazing what a person can get used to . Well , Colin and Quinn are going home now . But where is home for you ? Nowhere , really . My home was destroyed . I lost everything I had and everyone that was important to me . One person in particular . A man ? My husband . Quinn and Rembrandt rescued me from my disintegrating world , and , well , there was never anyplace I found that I wanted to stay . I guess you could say my world has become one big never-ending slide . Never ending until now . Oh , I guess we both have some real adjustments to make . Yeah . Are we about ready to go ? Getting close . I only brought some things I was working on and money . I brought these with me when I came . I always held out the hope that I might get back again . You might need that . And for you . Hey , that , uh , 37X ought to be 39X . Are you sure about that ? It 's my world . And what are those equations there at the end ? That 's ... After the Kromaggs were driven from your world , our father designed a slidecage to protect it from ever being invaded again . Oh . I didn 't know that . These equations , added to the coordinates you 've given me , should get us around that cage . Taking the back door , are we ? Something like that . This might be the last slide of all . All right , let 's go . You guys ready ? Oh , yeah . Wow , it 's wonderful . Yes . Yes , it is . Looks like 20 years of peace and progress . Let 's go . I know you 'll want to get to your parents as soon as you can . This is the address 20 years ago . If they 're not there , at least it 's a place to start . You 're not coming with us ? Uh , no . No , no , it 's a family reunion , and , uh , we 'll catch up with Michael and Elizabeth later . So , where can we find you ? There used to be a pretty good hotel around here . The Chandler ? How did you know ? Oh , we 've been around . Well , thanks for the lift . I guess we 'll be seeing you then . We 're home now . We 're not going anywhere . So , yeah , we 'll see you . Great . Home . Yes ? Dad ? I 'm Quinn . This is Colin . Quinn ? Colin ? Oh , my God . Is it really you ? Yeah , Dad . Elizabeth . Elizabeth . The boys are back . Our boys are finally home . Come in . Don 't stand in the hall . Come in . Hi . Hi . Come on in . Rembrandt 's been with us since the start . Well , I was on my way to work , minding my own business , Q - Ball here activated the vortex , and then , bam , here I am . It 's been a hell of an adventure . Oh , it sounds like it . Traveling from world to world , searching for this one . But your search is finally over . You guys are home . Cheers . Hear , hear ! At least Quinn and I are . Maggie doesn 't have a home world . Hers was destroyed . But you know , Quinn , we 've been through so much together . A lot of things have happened along the way that would make me sad not to see you anymore . I think I 'll stay here and start a new life for myself . What about you , Remmy ? You 're welcome to stay , too . Well , I appreciate that . But I 'd think I 'd like to go home . We made it to our home world once ... Remmy 's home world . I thought it was my home world at the time . The Kromaggs took it over . Kromaggs took it over ? My mother 's on that world . At least I hope she 's still alive . And I 'd like to help them . And now , with Dr. Clark , there may be a way to do that . With Dr. Clark ? Isaac Clark . He 's the real reason we 're here . We found him on the last Earth we were on . And he helped you on your way . Well , actually , he made the slide with us , he and his daughter . Listen , if there are plans for the weapon that defeated the Kromaggs , I can take them back , help free my world . Uh , that sounds like an interesting idea . Where is Dr. Clark staying while he 's here ? At the Chandler . He 's going to stay there until he gets his bearings . See , this is our timer . It allows us to travel from one dimension to another . It 's counting down from six hours . Now we can either catch it or stay . Hmm . Well , you have no more use for this , do you ? I guess not . Do you think you could help us find Remmy 's home coordinates ? Certainly . I probably have them on file somewhere in my records . Well , this is yours now . Take what you can from Dr. Clark , cause when the time comes , you 'll be home . Kind of like passing the torch , huh , Q-Ball ? Something like that . Gotcha . I love you , Rem . I love you back . Well , you told Rembrandt we 'd be at the Chandler . Catherine , I came here to do something very important . Something I couldn 't share with our sliding friends . That 's why I had to find my brother 's house . Well , I don 't understand . Rembrandt said he wanted to get the plans for the weapon and take them back to his home world to defeat the Kromagg . That 's why I could never allow him to know what actually happened to the Kromaggs here . Such a thing can never be allowed to happen again . Trust me on this , Catherine . I do know what I 'm doing . Isaac ? Yes , Robert . It 's me . My God . Come in . Welcome to the Chandler . May I help you ? Yes . I 'm here to see a friend . A Dr. Isaac Clark . I 'm sorry . We don 't have a guest with that name . You don 't ? Would you mind checking the computer ? I don 't have to . The police called earlier asking about someone with that same name . Why do you want to see him ? It 's like , I said , he 's a friend . Wait here . I still go into the campus for lectures , of course , but actually with the Internet and the television transmitter , I could do all my work right here . I just miss the interaction with my students . What was your major ? Physics major . Special interest , quantum mechanics . Of course . And your education ? I 'm mostly self-taught . My world wasn 't as advanced as Quinn 's . Yeah , but you should have seen what he was working on , given his resources . Electric storage cells , flying machine . He was a local genius . More the local witch doctor . Take your pick . You know , when your mother and I went looking for you after that terrible war , we weren 't able to find you . Oh , my parents died of a flu epidemic . After that I was pretty much on my own . You know , your foster parents told me that you died in a flu epidemic . Even showed me a death certificate . Really ? I didn 't know that . I was told they hid me because they didn 't want to give me up , and made up some story for you , but I guess that was it . How did you find out the truth ? I was in a Kromagg prison on what I thought was my world . I met my foster mother there , and she gave me the microchip . It was embedded in her arm . Ah , the microchip . And it told him how to find me . And then after that we found the chip you left in my foster mother 's locket . I see . Well , it was a lucky thing you ran into your foster mother during that terrible war , wasn 't it ? And it was also a lucky thing that you 've connected with Dr. Isaac Clark . How in the world did you find me ? You said that you had a brother and that he was a scientist . And when you weren 't at the hotel , I picked up a book , " Who 's Who " on science . Robert J. Clark . Nice to meet you . Well , I couldn 't get into the hotel , so I was lucky enough to find that Robert was listed in the phone book , and I imagine you found that , too . Yes . But there 's a little more to this , isn 't there ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Well , I wasn 't the only one looking for you at the Chandler . The police are onto you . The Mallorys . Of course , your friends must have told them I made the slide with you . We 'll have to move to the clinic . I knew it was just a matter of time before they found out I was here . Wait a minute . And maybe you better tell me exactly what 's going on here . Why should I do that ? Because you owe me ! And my friends ! Now you wouldn 't be here to do whatever it is you 're going to do if it weren 't for us . I don 't see it that way . You want me to give you a weapon that would allow you to destroy the Kromaggs of your world . I can 't allow such a criminal act . What ? A criminal act ? Dad ... I need to clear up some things . I would think so . For Catherine 's sake , not yours . The Kromaggs of this world were a downtrodden society with very low technical skills . Their weapons were primitive against ours . Hold on . You told us that they made war on you , and you invented a weapon to win that war . Well , it seemed to be what your friends wanted to hear , and I had to get back here . I worked with the Mallorys for a while to devise what was called the final solution to the Kromagg problem . It was a biologic weapon . A disease , really . Would you like to see what it did ? Are they still here ? Yes . No need to be afraid . These are our friends . Very few Kromaggs have survived this long . Kromaggs were rounded up , herded into death camps , and exposed to the virus . And when I saw what that disease was doing to an entire species that was innocent of everything except being different , I had to act . And with a few others who thought like I did , we managed to get thousands of Kromaggs off this world with pirated sliding equipment . Those we couldn 't slide , we hid in secret clinics to try to treat them , perhaps find a cure . If there was no war , why would the Mallorys take their sons to different worlds ? Oh , there was an uprising in one of the camps and Quinn was taken hostage . And when the revolt was put down , and Quinn saved , the Mallorys decided to get them off the planet . My brother was arrested and sentenced to exile . The Mallory sliding machine was used to deport those whom they called traitors to the human cause . You used us to come back here for some kind of revenge ? No . Justice . And , anyway , you used me as well . I had the coordinates . You had the timer . And I brought back evidence to submit to the world court to bring people like the Mallorys to trial for their crimes . This just doesn 't fit with what I know about Quinn and Colin 's parents . I mean , if they are what you say they are , then this is the wrong world .
