 Max ? Max , you there ? - [ Match Striking ] - [ Gasps ] You 're late , kid . - You get lost ? - Sorry . I had to wait till my mom took off . It 's way past his bedtime , Max . He 's not cut out for this . Cut out for what ? Oh , there 's more here than just trees . Before you can find out what , I gotta know that you 're not gonna tell anyone about this place . I won 't . I swear . It 's a vow , Tony . Don 't make it if you 're gonna break it . I won 't break it , man . Not ever . No matter what ? Even if someone dies tonight ? [ Car Approaching ] [ Siren Wails ] Anthony Reed . - Got any outstanding warrants ? - No , of course not . Well , I 'm gonna have to check it out for myself . So , put your hands on the vehicle . - Look , I was just taking a walk . - Uh-huh . Right past all those big " no trespassing " signs ? Now you just stand there for a minute . Come on , man . I didn 't do anything . I wish I had a nickel for every time I had to drag you kids out of these woods . It 'd be a lot of nickels . Do you have any calls from dispatch ? [ Policeman Screams ] Sir ? [ Woman Over Radio ] Dispatch to Foster . I didn 't copy your last transmission . Officer ? Dispatch to Foster , do you copy ? Deputy Foster , this is Dispatch . Do you copy ? Deputy Foster , sir , what 's your 20 ? [ Elevator Bell Dings ] Oh . There you are . Heavy traffic ? Slow going . Let 's just say I had ample time to read the police report you faxed me . Thoughtfully provided by the local authorities , even though it doesn 't tell the whole story . A sheriff s deputy is slain during a routine patrol . It 's a tragic occurrence , but I don 't see the mystery here , Mulder . Except said that the deputy was beaten to death by an invisible assailant . Yes , but that 's according to the young man who 's accused of his murder . One Tony Reed , and I 'm guessing wrongfully accused . He 's an " A " student , moved here a few months ago from Philadelphia . He 's never been in trouble in his life . Tell me you 've got more than S.A.T. scores to show that Tony Reed didn 't commit this crime . Maybe . Take a look at the body . The former Deputy Ronald Foster . As you can see , the report doesn 't quite do it justice . Oh , my God . It looks like he was hit with a sledgehammer . Police flashlight . One blow . Damage to the maxilla facial bones and the cranium ... is consistent with a blunt force trauma , but ... I 'd say that Tony eats his Wheaties . Check out the back of his head . [ Gasps ] His eyeglasses . Penetrated to the back of his skull . Babe Ruth couldn 't hit this hard , let alone a high school sophomore . Well , maybe if he was under the influence of P.C.P. or some kind of stimulant . - No , his tox screen came back negative . - Well , even so , I mean , stress and fear may have triggered an adrenalin response which is known to ... enable feats of near super human strength . Agent Mulder ? How long you plannin on bein 'down here ? Sheriff Harden , this is my partner , Agent Scully . How long you plan on bein ' down here ? I 'd like Ron left in peace . I don 't know what there is to see anyway . - We got the kid who did it . - Sheriff , we don 't mean to second-guess you . - We 're just hoping to be of some assistance . - Well , I don 't need it . I got the murder weapon with bloody fingerprints , and once the state crime lab matches that up with Tony Reed , it 's open and shut . - Well , uh , we 're done here , right ? - Mm-hmm . But , Sheriff Harden , you won 't mind if I talk to Tony Reed , do you ? I mean , it won 't hurt your case . And if he did do it , you 'll wanna know why . What ? Well , Tony , this must be your lucky day for visitors . - This is Agent Scully with the F.B. I ... - I 'm not talkin ' anymore , okay ? Well , that might make things worse . They seem pretty bad already . In your statement , you say that Deputy Foster stopped you . But you don 't say why . Come on . You were cruisin ' , right ? I mean , a small town like this , you 're not exactly living ' la vida loca . I know . I grew up in Dullsville too . Nothing to do but drive and park . How long ago was that ? Look . Don 't you think I know what you 're doing ? You 're like the tenth cop who 's come in here trying to relate to me till I confess . If you didn 't do it , it 's all the more reason to clear it up . Everything I know ... is in my statement . Okay , but bear with us , 'cause we 're old and stupid . How long was it between the time you heard the scream ... to the time that you found Deputy Foster ? Tony , you 're not likely to get a fairer hearing than this . Maybe ten , fifteen seconds . You didn 't see anyone near the patrol car ? You didn 't hear anything ? And you 're still gonna stick with your story ... that you were the only one there , is that right ? Uh ... I wanna go back to my cell . Sixteen years old and his life is over unless he starts telling ' the truth . If you really think he 's guilty , why don 't you ask yourself this : Why wouldn 't he make up a more plausible cover story ? Why didn 't he say that a pickup full of hillbillies ... drove by and clobbered the deputy and ran away ? I 'm not saying he 's guilty . I 'm inclined to agree that Tony Reed did not commit murder . But I think that he saw the person who did , and he may be covering up for it . I 'm not sure there was a person to see . I think there was a force at work here . - What kind of force ? - Some kind of territorial or spiritual entity maybe . Poltergeists have long been associated with violent acts like this , and they tend to manifest around young people . They seem to be drawn to the turmoil of adolescence . Mulder , rather than spirits , can we at least start with Tony 's friends ? Please , just ... for me ? I think there 's one person in particular I 'd like to talk to . [ Man ] Let 's wrap it up , people . Two-minute warning ' . There goes half your grade , Max . - You missed the midterm . - Not if I take it right now . - In one minute ? - Oh , I 've been studying . I don 't care who your father is . You fail my test , it sticks . I guess I better ace it then , huh ? Take your seat , young man . - Piece of cake . - It is when you mark ' em at random . Go ahead . Check it . Maybe I got more goin ' on than people know . [ Bell Ringing ] Chastity Raines ? I 'm Agent Scully . This is Agent Mulder . We 're with the F.B.I. - I remember you . - Chastity , what did you and Tony talk about this morning ? - He didn 't kill that cop . - How can you be so sure ? - Tony just doesn 't have it in him . - Do you ? Were you there when it happened ? Look , I gotta go . Do you realize that Tony could go to prison for the rest of his life for this ? Chastity , if you know something , now 's the time to mention it . - Unless they got a warrant , you don 't have to say nothin ' . - Wow . You must be her lawyer . Let 's go . Butting into our investigation . I wonder what your father , the sheriff , would think . - How do you know who my dad is ? - You got the same last name . Oh , you 're good . We 're done here . Come on , babe . You must 've been a Betty back in the day . - A " Betty " ? - " Back in the day . " [ Cell Phone Ringing ] Scully . What about the murder weapon ? All I know is we put the flashlight in here and now it 's gone . It 's like it just disappeared into thin air . - How many people have access to this evidence room ? - Only me and the dozen deputies . What does the tape show ? That no unauthorized persons came in and no one went anywhere near this locker . - Was this here before ? - I don 't know . Can we take a look at the surveillance tape ? [ Sheriff ] You can see that the flashlight was properly secured . It 's not like we 're runnin 'some kind of half-assed operation here . No one 's saying that you are , Sheriff . Here 's when the state police showed up to take it to the crime lab . There 's me goin 'to get it . We opened up the locker , and it 's gone . I maybe , uh , didn 't give you all the warmest welcome , but if you have any ideas . - May I ? - I watched it a dozen times . - Could there be a malfunction with the V.C.R. ? - I don 't see how . Plus , there 's no gap in the time code . The murder weapon was the only hard evidence we had . Without it , we got no case . You know what I gotta do now ? I gotta call Ron Foster 's widow and tell her that I gotta turn his killer loose . Scully , check this out . - What am I supposed to be seeing ? - Here it comes . Now you see it . One more frame . Now you don 't . What do you make of that , Scully ? Take another look . Now it 's here . Now it 's not . Are you ready to be straight with me ? Leave me alone , Mom . Would you just leave me alone . I 'm tired ! This isn 't like a bad report card , Anthony . A man is dead . I told you , I didn 't do it ! It 's just that what you say happened doesn 't make sense . There 's gotta be more to it . Well , there isn 't . Okay ? Are those kids involved in this ? That boy Max ? No . - Mom , they 're the only friends I have here . - You 're done seeing ' ' em . - You don 't even know them . - I do know them . I was your age once . Tony , we came here to get a fresh start , get away from them bad schools , the wrong crowd . You are doing so well here . How would you know ? You 're never around . You think it 's my dream to work two jobs ? I 'm doin ' it for you , Tony . I just wanna get some sleep . That 's all I want . You got a chance at a good life , a real future . We didn 't come all this way so you could throw it away . [ Tapping On Window ] Listen to that , man . This car 's got guts . - Sort of like you that way . - Whose car is this , Max ? Chastity told you to shut up and sit tight and things would be fine . - You did that . It tells me a lot . - Everything 's not fine . We 're in a stolen car , a cop is dead . Calm down , man . He 'd been snooping ' around . He had to go . What do you mean , " He had to go " ? What happened out there ? You gotta learn not to ask so many questions . Slow the hell down , man ! You 're freakin ' me out ! You ain 't seen nothin ' yet . - [ Tires Screeching ] - Max , look out ! [ Gasps ] [ Gasps ] I 'm gonna make you one of us . But I call the shots . Always remember that . Hey , Chuck . Sorry to make you trek over here for what 's probably a glitch . - What 'd you come up with ? - Nothing but eye strain at first . Then I ran it through my imaging software . I 'm here to tell you , it 's not a glitch . It 's what the camera saw . Buckle up , Scully . I believe Chuck is about to take us on a ride through the paranormal . Yes and no . Initially , I was thinking spectral manifestation . But with spirit activity , you 'd expect to see light streaks , auras , atmospheric disturbances , translucent figures . Whatever this is , it 's not a ghost . Especially since ghost don 't go around leaving synthetic polymers in their wake . That 's what the gunk on the floor turned out to be . Huh . I dig a mystery with layers . Chuck , I get the feeling you don 't know what the hell this is . I cross-referenced the shape 's silhouette ... against every organic and inorganic object in the Library of Congress database . The closest match was a Soviet Akula class submarine . I think we can rule that out . And then there 's this weirdness . - My enhancement brought up this dark edge ... - [ Mulder ] Mm-hmm . around the anomaly . - A shadow . - It fit with the lighting in the room . - The problem is it can 't be throwing a shadow unless ... - Unless it 's a solid object . Which is impossible because it only appears for a single frame . One-thirtieth of a second . You know what ? Maybe , uh , SCAG can give us a clearer picture . - SCAG ? - Spectrographic Color Attribute Generator . I 'm beta testing it forJ.P.L. It 's still in the tweaking phase , but the basic idea is ... I assign known color values ... onto the black-and-white image . Then SCAG assigns chromatic values throughout the frame , in effect making an educated guess at , uh , what all the colors might be . It still needs fine tuning . What ? You recognize these colors , Scully ? - Hey , Tony . - Everyone 's looking at me like I 'm a criminal . I 'm not . I heard you took a ride . What was that ? How did he do it ? You 'll find out . Maybe you were right ... about me not bein ' cut out for this . It 's a little late for second thoughts . You tryin ' to move in on my girl ? - [ Bell Ringing ] - Saved by the bell . Hey , you wanna stare at someone ? Stare at me . Well , class . I graded your midterms . Save for a few of you , the news is not good . Mr. Pembleton . What happened ? Welcome back , Mr. Reed . Expect to make up the test tomorrow . Mr. Harden , you 're here on time for a change . What 's this ? - Self-explanatory , isn 't it ? - I got every answer right . - Not because you knew the material . - You sayin ' I cheated ? How ? I have no idea how . But you did . And I won 't tolerate it . [ Man ] Back to business , people . - [ Door Opens , Closes ] - Mr. Guider ? How do I tell Max that I want out ? I wish I could help you , Tony . I can 't even help myself . [ Boy ] Babbit ! [ Screams ] [ Screaming ] [ Girl ] Oh , my God ! Excuse me , please . Thank you . Just stay back . I 'll show you my theory if you show me yours . Based on the eyewitness accounts of the students I spoke to , at this moment I 'd have to say that I don 't have one . What about for these globs of goo ? - The ones we found in the evidence room ? - Yeah . I 'm guessing Max Harden could tell us how they got there . You think Max did this ? Based on what ? I spoke to a few students myself . Apparently Max was angry at Mr. Babbit ... because he failed him on his midterm exam , so he had motive . Well , he may have had motive , but he didn 't have opportunity . There was nobody here who saw him even go near the victim . Maybe he didn 't need to . I pulled his records . Rising attendance and discipline problems the last few months . But look at this transcript . As his behavior was getting worse , his grades were going through the roof . - This kid has changed , Scully . - He 's a teenager . Everything about him is changing . His body and his brain chemistry is in a state of unparalleled upheaval , plus there 's peer pressure and-and substance abuse . Any one of these factors could alter his behavior radically . What if it 's given him a kind of psychokinetic or paranormal ability ... that allows him to exert force over a victim without ever laying a finger on him ? - That 's your theory ? - Yes , it is . Soon to be proven as soon as I get Max in for questioning . - Agent , you needed to speak to Sheriff Harden ? - Yeah . - I want to talk to him about his son . - He 's with him now . They 're taking him to the emergency room . Max just collapsed in the parking lot . You hear about Max ? Is he okay ? - Where are you going ? - Tony , the less you know , the better , all right ? What , no candy , no flowers ? [ Sheriff ] My deputy told me you were comin 'and why . So you can just turn around . Whatever happened at that school , my son didn 't do it . Sheriff , we 'd like to ask your son a few questions , if that 's okay . The boy 's sick . The doctors can 't even say what 's wrong with him . Max could tell them . You know why you collapsed , don 't you , Max ? Yeah . Too much teen spirit . You think ? Smells like murder to me . Who do you think you 're talkin 'to here ? Yeah , it 's not like you got a damned thing on me . You got a problem with authority figures , don 't you , Max ? If I wasted Babbit , then how did I do it ? Am I like Carrie or somethin ' ? I used some kind of mental powers ? No , somethin 'else . You figured out a way to tap into something that gives you super powers . Came in handy with Babbit and Deputy Foster . Man , you 're whistlin " Dixie . " High temperature and heart rate . Low blood sugar . Electrolytes show acidosis . All these symptoms are consistent with extreme exertion and withdrawal . Withdrawal ? From what ? The rush . I think whatever it is that gives you the power to rearrange furniture ... and turn a flashlight into a battering ram also gives you quite a buzz . Well , if I can do all that , what 's stoppin ' me from doin ' it to you ? I don 't know . Maybe the effect 's worn off . Maybe you need another fix . As soon as I blow out of here , I 'll be sure to get one . That 's not gonna happen any time soon . Your condition 's getting worse . And we 're not gonna be able to help you unless you can tell us what 's going on . Boy , is any of this true ? - No . - You better pray I don 't find out it is . Sir ? Can we have a word outside ? He 's not a bad kid . He just needs discipline . If your son is in trouble , I 'm sure you 'd want to know about it . With that in mind , we 'd like permission to search your house . You 're not getting it . I 'm not ready to jump on a bandwagon and call my boy a murderer . There 's some , uh , test results missing from Max 's chart . I think we should track ' em down . Thanks . Hot off the presses . Anything interesting ? - This can 't be right . - What is it ? Oh , my God . What ? Evidence of cerebral lesions from repeated concussions . Arthritis in the spine and major joints . Stress fractures . Numerous muscle and ... - and ligament micro-tears . - What would cause this ? In a teenager ? I can 't even imagine . This is the kind of thing that you 'd see in someone who 's crashed race cars ... or played pro football for 15 years . Whatever Max is doing , it 's killing him . I think I 'm starting to get it . [ Beeping ] - I thought I saw a young lady come in here . - I wish . Max Harden 's personal effects . Yeah . This is it . Those globs we found ... this is where they came from . Speed , Scully . Somehow Max Harden has found a way ... - to move faster than the eye can see . - Mulder . That would explain how Babbit was killed . It would also explain how a chair and table ... appeared to move on their own with enough force to penetrate a wall . Force equals mass times acceleration . Isn 't that right ? Yes , but it 's impossible . The human body isn 't designed to move like that . Exactly . That is ... That is why his is falling apart . Agents , could you ... Max ... Max , please don 't do this . You can stop . Sure . Just like you can . I mean hurting people . Haven 't enough people already been hurt ? This is not why I got you out ! - Let 's leave here . Let 's just go away . - And do what ? Find a place to get some help . Help for what ? This is the best thing that 's ever happened to me . I can 't go back to things standing ' still . And neither can you . Tony , what are you doing here ? You went in that cave , didn 't you ? You shouldn 't have done that . It was such a rush ... moving fast like that . I didn 't want this for you . How did you find it ? I followed you . I was worried about you . That 's so sweet . I wish things were different than how they are . Maybe they can be . With Max in the hospital , we could go to the cops . He 's out . Oh , my God . [ Door Opens ] Hello ? Boo . You killed Ron Foster . Yeah , I did . Why ? I don 't know . You want some great reason ? You little son of a bitch ! [ Groans ] He thought he was really somethin ' . Always liked to push people around . Same as Babbit ... and same as you . I 'm not afraid of you anymore . I can 't let you do this , Max . - Take him to O.R. one . - All right . Yo , Scully . How bad are his injuries ? It 's too soon to tell . He 's unconscious and bleeding internally , apparently from a blow to the abdomen . Yeah , delivered with this . Max 's weapon of choice against cops . Why would he leave it behind ? Do you think he 's doing it to taunt the police ? No , I think somebody intervened . I think that 's why the sheriff is still alive and why his gun is missing . But if he can do what you claim , then ... then who could possibly intervene ? The someone who knows exactly how Max does what he does . And someone who 's finally standing up to him . Tony . How do we find him ? Well , I would guess the source where Max gets his power from . The woods near where the deputy was killed . Tony never came clean about what he was doing out there . Well , maybe that 's why the deputy was killed . Maybe he got too close to the truth . [ Tony ] Chastity , we don 't have to be doing this . I told you , I took care of things with Max . No , you didn 't , and you shouldn 't have tried . - He was gonna kill his father . I had to stop him . - He let you . He was slowing down . Tony , you 've slowed down too . If we don 't get back to the cave before Max does , we 're history . - Hurry ! - I 'll catch up . Chastity ? Are you okay ? [ Max ] You 're late , kid . - What did you do to her ? - She took a swing at me . You believe that ? You got it all turned around . [ Groans ] Come on , man . Who do you think you 're dealin ' with ? All I ever wanted was you to be my friend , Tony . You stuck a knife in my back . And now I 'm gonna mess you up . [ Screaming ] I 'm sorry , Tony . I can 't go back . [ Gun Blast ] Chastity ? [ Beeping ] [ Footsteps ] Did the U.S.G.S. show up ? Eighteen geologists and three semis full of gear . They covered every inch of that cave . - And what 'd they come up with ? - Nothing . A little bat guano and above normal magnetic field readings , but nothing that would cause a physiological effect . - What 'd you expect them to find , Mulder ? - I don 't know . A vortex like the one in Oregon . Gravitational aberrations , unique chemical compositions , relics that would indicate the cave was a sacred site . Something . Anything . I don 't know . You and I were both in there , and nothing happened to us . We 're still slow-poking around . What if we 're too old ? You said teenagers differ ... from adults chemically and physiologically . What if whatever 's in that cave effects only them ? Well , that 's doubtful . But no more so than any other theory . I mean , it 's worth checking out . Yeah ? Well , we can 't . As of an hour ago , they pumped concrete into the cave , sealed it for precautionary reasons . We 'll never know . How 's he doin ' ? Bruises and muscle strains mostly . He 'll recover . Go back to being a normal kid . [ Child ] I made this !
