 Jeez , okay ! Everybody okay ? Ah--from a world of dust to a world of dung . Whoa ! Thank you , Quinn MaIIory , for inventing sliding . ( portal closes ) Guys , we got company . Rembrandt : How you doing there , young fella ? How you doing , pal ? I guess this must seem pretty weird to you . How 'd you do that ? We 're a troupe of magicians practicing our act . So how about it ? Think you can keep a secret ? Hey , cowboy , anywhere around here where we can get some chow ? The wall Street saloon 's just up the street . It 's got a " Businessman 's special . " - Thanking you kindly , sir . - Quinn : Thanks , pal . Professor : A saloon called " Wall Street . " that 's an unlikely combination . Food is food , Professor , and I 'm hungry . Ah ... children and their guns . Boy children . what 's the deal with this place ? Wade : It looks like the Wild West , but everybody 's driving modern cars . It sure doesn 't look like San Francisco . Rembrandt : It 's got to be . There 's the Transamerica tower right there . Maybe this is some kind of theme park . Professor : I don 't believe so , Mr. Brown . Look at that sign . " Rifles and shotguns made to order . " Wade : Hey , guys , look at the sports store here . " Golf , golf , on the range . " - Here we go . - what do we have ? Steak ! " Steak and potatoes . Steak and eggs , flank steak , rib-eye steak , T-Bone steak . " " armadillo steak " ? - Not too much for vegetarians , though . - Steak 's fine with me . It 's that hillbilly caterwauI I can live without . ( chuckles ) Guys , you 'd better get used to it . San Francisco , Texas ? Listen , I 'II go to a bookshop or a newsstand and see if I can find out something about this place . Meet you back here . ( country-western music playing ) Man : ... this is no-man 's-land as far as I 'm concerned . Wade : George Bush must 've been re-eIected here . LBJ . Who 's the guy in the hat ? Sam Houston , first president of the republic of Texas . It scares me that you know that . They 've got a stock ticker hanging overthe bar . Wade : Maybe they 're all brokers and they have to check the market . Stop it , Jed ! Your quarrel 's not with cliff . It is now . Get up ! You okay ? Leave him be . You hear me , boy ? I heard you , jerk . You all right ? - cliff : Yeah . - Wade : Oww ! - This your girl ? - Let her go ! How about it , " Deadeye " ? You going to play hero ? If I have to . He 's unarmed , Jed ! Look , we 'rejust going to leave , all right ? Die like a man or die like a coward . You have until the customary count of three . One ... - two ... - You can 't be serious . three ! Oh my God . Quinn : what if you could travel to parallel worlds ? The same year , the same Earth , only different dimensions ? A world where the Russians rule America ? Or where your dreams of being a superstar came true ? Or where San Francisco was a maximum security prison ? My friends and I found the gateway . Now the problem is finding a way back home . ( theme music plays ) A legend is born ! ( cheering ) Wade : Are you all right ? Man , what do we do now ? ( sirens wailing ) I killed him . hold out there , boys . Somebody outnegotiated Jed Dalton . We saw the whole thing , Sheriff . It was self-defense . You- - come here for a minute . tell him what happened . Sheriff : You know something about this ? It 's true , Sheriff . Dalton was trying to keep me from my winnings . This man came to my defense . So out of the goodness of your heart , you decided to make a preemptive move against Jack bullock 's corporate counsel ? Sheriff : 'Fraid I got to take you into town , son . Be surprised if the Bar Association won 't want in on this . - Bar Association ? - I don 't understand either . Something about lawyers . But all these people saw what happened . - tell him ! - Sheriff : Whatever they got to say , they can say to the districtjudge . Go back to the hotel . I 'II call you . ( police radio chatter ) - Rembrandt : Big trouble . - already ? Quinn 's being arrested for murder . He shot someone . You 're telling me you 're not a member of the state bar ? . that 's what I said . No law degree , no MBA . Where the hell did you learn to shoot like that ? Look , maybe I should talk to a lawyer . I do have a right to legal counsel , don 't I ? ( knock on door ) Sheriff , Mr. BIedsoe is here . Damn it , Joe Bob , can 't you see I 'm with a suspect here ? Says he 's from the man on high . Come on in , billy Ray . - Sheriff . - billy Ray . Mr. bullock wants the shooter , Sheriff . billy , you know as well as I do you can 'tjust come in here and take my prisoner . Mr. bullock wants you to understand he 'd be very appreciative for your cooperation in this matter . Yeah , all right . Take the cuffs off him , Joe Bob . You can 't just hand me over . I 'm in custody . Code of the West , son . My hands are tied . Rembrandt : There are no lawyers in the Yellow Pages ? Wade : It says , " See Negotiators . " We don 't need a negotiator . Professor : Let 's check into the hotel . We 'II ask them . In 1836 ... Sam Houston became president of the republic of Texas , as on our world . When the North fought the South , the republic of Texas expanded westwards , gobbling up all the land . So you 're saying there 's no state of california here- - it all belongs to Texas ? A state isjust an arbitrary political division . - It 's not necessarily based on geography . - You guys are unbelievable . We need to find a lawyer for Quinn , and you 're discussing geography ? It appears we 've landed on a world where modern business follows the code of the old West . A lawyer here is literally a hired gun . Forewarned is forearmed , Miss wells . unless we know what we 're up against , how can we possibly help him ? - Hi , fella . - They 're here , Mom . - I told you they were at the hotel . - Jaime . I 'm sorry . Quinn came out of the sky like an avenging angel . Like in the " Mighty Morphin Texas Rangers " on TV . tell my mom . He came here to kill Jack bullock and Dalton . Jaime , stop it . No more foolishness . I apologize . that 's perfectly all right . Kids his age have fantastic imaginations . - Come on . - But he 's lying . They saw him , Mom . Ow ! - This is where Dalton worked ? - You sound surprised . I didn 't figure a gunfighter would work out of a corporate office . DrexeI-BuIIock 's got 1300 gunfighters on the payroll . Offices in Houston , Austin , Los angeles and San Antone . Man : basically , we 're still looking at that 3 % % cost-of-Iiving increase . Damn it , Hank , these people are killing me . well , what 's it they say ? " Unions were made to be busted . " ( phone rings ) Secretary : Mr. Bullock , Billy Ray Bledsoe is here . Send him in . billy Ray . Shut the doors . Any ideas how many fast-draws died trying to outnegotiate my lead attorney , Mister ... ? MaIIory . Quinn MaIIory . Put it this way , Mr. MaIIory , Harvard 's law class of ' 93 is going to be able to hold its reunion in a phone booth . Where are you from , son ? San Francisco . local boy ! local boy makes good . Doesn 't even have a law degree . - ( both laughing ) - A maverick . I 'm impressed . Jed Dalton was fast- - and smart- - but he was never going to take us to the next level . I get a real good feeling about you . Thank you . I want you to show Mr. MaIIory around the company , billy Ray . See if we can 't talk him intojoining our little family here at DrexeI-BuIIock . Then take him back down to Old Town . All you hotshots seem to like that . - certainly , sir . - You want me to work for you ? DrexeI-BuIIock is a wonderful company , Mr. MaIIory . Progressive , environmentally conscious , peopIe-friendIy . The kind of company a man could grow with . ( horse whinnies ) It was a chilly day in Austin When my filly let me down ... Quinn : I 'm in some kind of country-western karaoke bar . I can 't talk long . I 'm calling to say I 'm out ofjaiI . Listen , man , you sound strange . Are you okay ? I 'II explain later . I 'II try and get back as soon as I can . Woman : Get offthe stage ! billy Ray : Hey , bonus baby . Everything all right ? Do you believe this guy ? walks in off the street , he 's got Jack bullock eating out of his palm . Huh ? Another round , sugar . actually , billy Ray , it 's kinda late . - I ought to be getting back . - No , are you kidding ? Come on , hey . We 'rejust getting started . ( grunts ) Hey , get your ass off the stage , boy . We 've had enough of your howling . Man : We got a new singer coming on ? Evening , boys . I want you all to give a warm Texas welcome to Quinn MaIIory , the fast draw that killed Jack Dalton . Say something , kid . Say something . ( billy Ray chuckles ) - Woman : Let 's hear it ! - Man : Get up there ! It 's great to be in Texas . ( cheering ) Come on , fellas . How bad do we want this old boy down at DrexeI-BuIIock ? ( cheering ) MaIIory ! Now , Lonnie , this is no way to settle a corporate grievance . Shut up , billy Ray . I didn 't spend 10 years kissing up to bullock to let some punk who got off a lucky shot make it to lead attorney . that 's right , I said " lucky . " Why don 't you come out here and prove me wrong ? The man 's a guest of Mr. bullock , Lonnie . You better sit down before you create yourself a situation . hell I will . ( gunshot ) Damn deadwood . Don 't sweat it , kid . The boss- - the boss was going to can him anyway . Come on , fellas . Drink up . Drink up ! ( western gunfight on TV ) And we thought TV was violent on our world . - Yee-haw ! - He 's plastered . Wait a minute , wait a minute . Let me help you . ( burps ) Oh , man . - what have you been drinking ? - Courage . Ah , ah . I 'm wild bill Hickok , and every two-bit gunsIinger in the town wants a piece of me . You were in another gunfight ? You 've heard of corporate gunsIingers ? On this world , they 're real gunslingers . Cuts the red tape of contracts , I guess . help me get him to bed . First thing in the morning , we 're out of here . I 'm okay , I 'm okay . ( burps ) - It 's 11 7,000 . - Damn it , cliff . Cards went cold on me , priscilla . I told you when we took our money out of the bond market and put it on the table that not every hand is a winner . I am sitting on a computer chip that could change the PC marketplace overnight but I can 't get into the computertrade shows without a million dollar buy-in . My late husband and I worked too hard forthis , cliff . I can 't declare bankruptcy at this stage . I 'm not a miracle worker , Miss Hardaway . A broker 's only as good as the hand he 's dealt . If you want my opinion I suggest you take what money 's left on the table and use it to defend against a takeover . Bullock 's coming forthis company , Priscilla , whether you Iike it or not . I am not losing this company to Jack bullock , cliff . I would rather die than that . Are you all right ? Nothing a bullet between the eyes wouldn 't cure . Be careful what you wish for . I 'II see if I can find some aspirin . Just be ready to go , okay ? I can 't stop thinking about the man who died . I never in a million years thought I 'd fire a gun at someone . It was kill or be killed . It 's not Iike you did anything to provoke the guy . I know . Weirdest thing is , I never even shot a pistol before . Quinn ... Not to diminish in any way your sense of remorse , but these people have different values . Life here is cheap . Dead is dead , Professor . The fact that people don 't give a damn doesn 't make me feel a whole lot better . Wade : what you got there ? Why should I tell you ? Okay . They 're gunsIinger cards . Want to see ' em ? Quinn 'II have his own card pretty soon . Then , after he finishes off Jack bullock , his card will be worth more than anyone else 's . Jaime , Quinn 's not a gunfighter . I 've known him a Iong time . He 's a man of peace . - No , he 's not . - Listen to me . He feels terrible that that man died . He wasjust trying to break up a fistfight , that 's all . You don 't know what you 're talking about . Jaime . I know , I know . Run along and play little childish things . ( Jaime sighs heavily ) I 'm PrisciIIa Hardaway , President of Hardaway Computers . I know who you are . I 'm sorry , but ... I couId help but overhearing . Quinn MaIIory isn 't even a gunslinger ? . One thing about staying in this hotel on every worId- - kind of defeats the purpose of stealing towels . Come along , Mr. MaIIory . Let 's skeedaddIe , eh ? what for ? . This guy bullock is the most powerful man in Texas . Where am I supposed to hide ? - ( knock on door ) - Now what ? - Quinn MaIIory . - that 's me . I understand Jack bullock 's boys kept you out late last night . How 'd you know that ? New gunsIinger comes to old Town , sets the whole financial community abuzz . They did a feature on you on Business News Network this morning . unbelievable . I have something for your hangover . - Prairie oyster ? . - Nothing better . ( gags ) It 's awful ! that 's how you know it 's working . Listen ... I wonder if I can borrow a few minutes of yourtime ? - As a matter of fact , we werejust leaving . - Five minutes , please . It 's important . Quinn : I just keep thinking there might 've been something I couId 've done to avoid killing him . priscilla : Before your conscience tears you apart , there 's something you should know . You didn 't kill Jed Dalton . - I did . - what ? ! I had the angle and I had the motive . A year ago Jed Dalton shot my husband down in cold blood on orders from Jack bullock . BuIIock had him killed ? Don 't let all the charisma and the Stetson cologne snow you . BuIIock 'sjust a modern-day pirate in a pair of Tony Lamas . He takes companies like Hardaway and sells them off for parts . billy Ray : MaIIory ! Now what ? How do I tell these guys no ? You don 't . But remember , the myth is more powerful than the man . what do you say , hot shot ? Thought we 'd head out to the pistol range . Get in some target practice before the markets open . Morning , Ms. Hardaway . So play along . But whatever you do , don 't tell them what I just told you , 'cause they 'II kill us both . Come on , hotshot , we got triggers to pull . Good to see you there , bud . ( gun firing ) Whoo ! beautiful day fortarget practice . ( moos ) ( gunshot ) I guess I 'm not used to this gun . well ... shoot . whatever gun you want , the company 'II get for you . Colts , Smith Wessons ... ( chuckles ) give you a handsome ammo allowance too . So , what do you say ? You going to give us your " Jim Bowie " on the dotted line ? Considering it . well , consider it real careful . Bullock 's not what you 'd call a patient man . what 's the deal with PrisciIIa Hardaway ? One of a handful of perfectly adequate hardware designers . - She courting you ? - Not exactly . playing one side against the other , huh ? Got me . Let me fill you in on a little weII-known secret , " Hoss . " ( gun cocks ) Jack bullock 's gonna bury PrisciIIa Hardaway ... ( metal clangs ) if it 's the Iast thing he does . ( glass shattering , metal clanging ) what was I supposed to do , stop them from driving ooff ? . You could 've done something . These people are killers , Wade . With their big flashy sports cars and their black , shiny revoIvers . I knew it was a bad idea spending another night in this place . Sorry , Ms. Hardaway . If cliff Sutter 's not coming , I have to sell his seat . You can 't do that . I had to mortgage my house to get a seat . AII I know is , cliff 's not here . It 's two minutes after . I got to have a body in that chair . Excuse me . - Either of you play poker ? . - Not really . Don 't you worry , darlin ' . Used to call me " Crying Man slim " on the Topps ' touring bus . I know every form of poker known to man . I just need you to sit in . It 'II only be for a few minutes . Okay , what 's the stakes ? Just ante and fold , okay ? And please do not touch the blue chip stocks . what ? Those chips represent the Iast of my holdings . You want me to fold every hand ? I can 't afford to lose more than just the penny antes . please , just do it . Just until I can find cliff Sutter . Yes , ma 'am . gentlemen , Iet 's play . - PrisciIIa : Here 's cliff 's room . - ( knocks ) cliff ? . cliff , open the door ! He 's in there . He 's not answering . AII right , just stand back . Stand back . priscilla : Oh my God , cliff . well ... I 'II see yourfive Compaq Computers at $ 35 a share , and I 'II raise you 15 Pacific RichfieIds at $ 16.20 a share . ( sighs ) I fold . what a surprise . ( laughs ) well , 10s overtwos , gents . Papa 's gonna buy me a new Learjet . Excuse me one minute , gentlemen . Whoa , you 're not quitting , are you ? You haven 't blown all your capital . Just one minute . Where in the devil have you been ? I 've dropped $ 40,000 on these vultures . - He 's dead . - Who 's dead ? cliff Sutter . We found him hanging from a noose . priscilla 's back at the hotel with Jaime . She thinks he was murdered , Rembrandt . She 's calling in this modern-day " billy the Kid , " some kind of corporate white knight to save her company . It 's going to be a bloodbath . what am I going to do ? She 's going to lose everything she 's ever worked for if I keep folding . Hey , big spender , are you in or out ? Just try and stay afloat . I 'm going to go see the sheriff . gentlemen ... ( chuckles ) looks like I 'mjust a little lamb being led to the slaughter . deal the cards . what do you mean you 're not going to investigate ? You know how many dead bodies turn up in a day 's work ? There aren 't enough horses to pull the coroner 's wagons . So that 's it ? Just bury him and move on ? Now listen to me , in the Iast six weeks , cliff Sutter lost a quarter of a million dollars at the exchange table . He spent all of priscilla Hardaway 's capital and he dipped down into their pension plan . You can 't believe that any more than I do . You 're terrified of Jack bullock . Now hold on . Jack bullock put more people back to work than any other industriaIist in the region , including silicon valley . So I advise you to think twice before you go bandying his name about . Or what ? He 'II kill me next ? Make it look like a suicide so you cowards can just paper it over ? . I think I 've said all I have to say to you . Thanks for stopping by . ( huffs ) This is our risk arbitrage division . We call them the " outriders " - - always looking out for good new companies to invest in . So I don 't get it . The company 's called DrexeI-BuIIock , but what exactly do you guys make ? Money , MaIIory- - and lots of it . - Oh , there you are , Mr. BIedsoe . - Honey Sue . Mr. bullock 's looking for you . You too , Mr. MaIIory . - what 's that about ? - I don 't know . ( phone ringing ) Thank you . Mm-hmm . Good afternoon , Mr. BIedsoe 's office , may I help you ? Mr. bullock . Mr. Arnette . billy Ray . How you doing , Mr. MaIIory ? You give any thought to that proposition we made you ? It is quite a lucrative offer . So how come word 's all overthe street you 've climbed in bed with PrisciIIa Hardaway ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . It 's a preliminary SEC filing . Hard.away 's company is in the midst of an underwriting . Seems she 's ... taken the company public . Who 's defending her ? . It 's left undisclosed . You figure it out . what do you have to say for yourself , MaIIory , afterthe way we took you in ? We made you a part of this family . I intend to prosecute you and Hardaway Computers with all due diligence . You understand me ? I understand . And if any of you think you 're fasterthan Dalton was , let 's settle this right now . Thought so . I had no idea . You are either incompetent , billy Ray , or you 're a liar . Either way , you are fired . ( laughs ) Must be my unlucky streak 's finally coming to an end . Fourtreys . ( laughs ) Uh-uh . One more three and you might 've had me . Son of a bitch ! ( laughing ) You go on up to the Bank of Texas , Jim Bob . You tell them I 'm undercapitaIized . Yeah , hurry up there , Jimmy Bob . ( laughs ) Rembrandtjust won another hand . tell Rembrandt to cash out . We 're getting out of here . - cliff Sutter 's dead . - I heard . I 'm next if we don 't hole up till the slide . The only thing I 've learned from sIiding- - never get too comfortable . I 'II meet you outside . I Ieft my stuff in the room . Come on , we 're out of here . Are you nuts ? Look at these cards , girl . AII I see is a bunch of hearts that don 't match . Wait a minute . help me with some of these . ( laughing ) He 's not taking control of my company . that 's exactly what bullock 's going to do . He 'II do what he wants . Then you are going down . Quinn : Hey , pal , what 's going on ? Jaime , go back to the hotel . what 's Hank Arnette doing here ? Bullock 's going for a hostile takeover . what ? ! I thought he couldn 't do that . He 's been biding his time until I was too weak to defend myself . - He 's contracted with billy the Kid . - Who ? He 's a ruthless takeover specialist from the East . It 's in this afternoon 's " Texas Business Day . " - Let me see this . - He was supposed to work for me , but bullock made him a better offer ? . Don 't worry , Mom . Quinn 'II save the company . - Jaime , honey , go inside . - tell her , Quinn . Quinn 's the greatest gunsIinger who ever was . He 'II stand down Jack bullock , don 't worry . Correct me if I 'm wrong . You came here to save us , right ? Jaime , I wish I couId . priscilla : Quinn never said he was here to help us . You know , you 're a yellow Iiar . - Jaime ! - And you 're a coward , too . Look , maybe there is something I can do . No , didn 't you hear me ? It 's too late . - what is that ? - It 's a letter of intent . It 's addressed to me , Quinn MaIIory , chief counsel for Hardaway Computers . - How could that happen ? - I 've got to surrender the company . what ? what is my alternative ? To send you up against billy the Kid ? You 'd never get your gun out of the holster . Quinn , where 's your gun ? - Jaime ! - Oh , no . Jaime ! So there I am , testifying before the Senate subcommittee in Austin , thinking , " You people never heard of synergy ? " Information superhighway is coming , boys . Lead , follow ... get out of the way . To Hardaway Computers , the next star in the DrexeI-BuIIock constellation . To Texas . ( gun cocks ) what are you doing here , boy ? Who 's he ? Jaime Hardaway . How 'd you get past security , Mr. Hardaway ? You killed my pa and had cliff Sutter hanged . But that is simply not true , son . I 'II shoot . I swear I will . billy ? - ( door opens ) - Quinn : Jaime ! Jaime ? - Put the gun down . - No ! Jaime , listen to me . You were right , okay ? I came here to help you . But if you don 't put the gun down , I can 't do anything . Jaime , please . This man will pay for what he 's done , I promise . He doesn 't deserve to live . But that 's not for you or me to decide . You 're going to need to trust me . Attaboy . priscilla : Quinn , the sheriff 's coming down the hall . Tough break , MaIIory . that boy certainly does have the wrong impression of me , priscilla . How much does he know about us ? There is no " us . " Never has been and never will be , no matter how hard you try . what 's all this about , Mr. bullock ? Hardaway 's lead attorney is fighting the takeover , Sheriff . He 's lying . I came here forthe kid . - that true , Ms. Hardaway ? - It 's not your place to ask questions , Sheriff . You just keep the drunks off the street . Let us go about our business , hmm ? It 's what you 're good at . Looks like you and I are going in for a little negotiation . Mr. bullock contracted for a hostile takeover , and damn , that 'sjust what he 's going to get . You got that , MaIIory ? kill or be killed . This is the perfect example of the need for gun control . Perhaps one of these days we 'II land in a civilized society and guns won 't even have been invented . Just killing one another . This is unbelievable . what are we gonna do ? If you would stop wittering for a moment , I might have a chance to think . Look , I can 't allow you to do this . I 'II give up the company . I 'II take my golden parachute and start over . Too late forthat . Rembrandt , how much do we have ? Oh , I 'd say about 300-400,000 . Once I quit folding , the money started flowing . Ought to be enough to keep the company solvent for a while , assuming I can prevent this takeover without getting my head blown off . You can 't go through with this . These people are trained killers . I know what I 'm doing . ( gun clicks ) I think . Ready when you are , boy . Good luck , Mr. MaIIory . I 'm going to need it . ( bell tolling ) that ain 't going to save you , boy . - You going to shoot me in cold blood ? - Warm , cold ... it makes no difference to me . Go ahead . I 'II be gone soon , dead or gone , but there 's something you people should know . I come from a world where men face the same dark challenges as you- - the urge to compete , to kill for power and pIeasure- - You put that gun back on . We weren 't put on this earth to destroy each other . We don 't have to live like this . They tell me you were once a good man , Sheriff . When I 'm gone I hope you find your backbone again and arrest Jack bullock forthe murders of cliff Sutter and Tom Hardaway . that 's enough talk . blast him ! what are you waiting for ? . hell , I can 't shoot an unarmed man . - Mr. bullock , that 's a violation of SEC regulations . - Shut up . You 're going to have to kill me first , Mr. bullock . Out of my way , billy Ray . I 'II save you the trouble , Mr. bullock . I will pull the trigger . - Wade : Ready to go , Rembrandt ? - After you , sweetheart . I told you they were angels , Mom . Now do you believe me ? Yeah , I believe you , Jaime . Afraid I 'm going to have to arrest you forthe murder of cliff Sutter , Mr. bullock . what do you think you 're doing ? Something I should 've done a Iong time ago . Put the gun down , sir . It 's over . How can I everthank you ? Look out for yourself . I want you to know that it takes a stronger man to put a gun down than it does to fire it in anger . Can you rememberthat ? I think so . Quinn ? Quinn , where are you ? Quinn , come back ! Quinn !
