 Subtitles by demonseye ... situation , obviously a major malfunction their President 's a crook . - Well , I 'm not a crook . Robert Kennedy was shot in that ballroom ... God Almighty , we are free at last ! A sniper has fired at President Kennedy . Or have you ever been a member of the Communist party ? Hi-ho , Silver ! ... 1941 a date which will live in infamy . And we continue to see the final edition of our Maxwell House Good News of 1939 . Good evening , Mr. and Mrs. North America , and all the ships at sea . Let 's go to press . CQ ... this is W-9 GFO . CQ , this is W-9 GFO here . Come back ? CQ ... CQ . This is W-9 GFO here . Come back ? CQ , CQ , this is W-9 GFO . Is anybody out there ? I 'm not getting anything . Small moves , Ellie . Small moves . CQ , this is W-9 GFO here . Come back ? Copy , W-9 GFO . K-4 WLD here . What do I say ? Just be yourself . Where are you , K-4 WLD ? Come back ? Pensacola . Over . Pensacola , where 's Pensacola ? I 'll give you a hint . Orange juice . Copy that , K-4 WLD . How 's the weather down there in Florida ? Pensacola , Florida . I have to tell you , Sparks . 1,116 miles . - Hmm . - Pretty good . That 's the farthest yet . Can we hear all the way to New York ? Sure . Can we hear all the way to California ? I don 't see why not . Can we hear all the way to Alaska ? Yeah . On a really clear day . Can we hear all the way to China ? On a really , really clear day . Could we ... talk to the moon ? Well , if it 's a big enough radio , I don 't see why not . Could we talk to Jupiter ? Or ... or what 's the one after that ? Uh ... Don 't tell me . I 'll give you a hint . Hula-Hoops . - Saturn ! Could we talk to Saturn ? - Mmm-hmm-hmm . Dad , could we talk to mom ? I don 't think even the biggest radio could reach that far . All right , no more stalling . Okay . Pensacola ! Oh , Ellie . That 's a beauty . Now get some sleep . - Hey , dad ? - Yeah . Do you think there 's people on other planets ? I don 't know , Sparks . But I guess I 'd say ... if it is just us ... it seems like an awful waste of space . CQ , CQ , CQ , this is W-9 GFO . Repeat . This is W-9 GFO . Come back ? CQ . This is W-9 GFO . Come back . I 'm gonna need a bigger antenna . What do you think , Doc Arroway ? Isn 't she a beauty ? It 'll do . The village is five miles away . There 's a , uh , general store in the cantina . They can pretty much order anything you need from San Juan . And when can I get some dish time ? Ha-ha . Dr. Clark said you wouldn 't be other way . Your first shift is up tonight . All right . - Go back . - Huh ? Um , t-t-try back a little bit . You had something there . There ! - Right there ? - Yeah , you hear it ? Right there , that 's it . All right , 1221.46 . That 's well in the L-band . - Check off-axis . - Uh-huh . On it . It 's , uh , not in the neighborhood . Here it is . J-1741 + 2748 . Catalogued November 4 , 1982 . Pulsar . Well , I don 't know . Must 've been a bit of a glitch in the timing 's what threw me up . Must 've been a starquake . I think it 's great that you listen . Most people don 't do that anymore . Well , it 's just an old habit . You know , it makes it feel more real . Ellie . Kent . Kent Clark . Hey . They said you 'd been , uh ... you been up at Owen 's Valley working under Drumlin . How 'd you like ' im ? That much ? A-and about what I 'd expect after what he had to say about you . Well , what was that ? That you are brilliant ... driven ... a ... major pain in the ass and obsessed with a field of study that he considers tantamount to professional suicide . Anything else ? Uh , those were the highlights . Davio , dr . Vernon . Dr. Arroway . - Hey , hi there . - How you doin ' ? Good . And I believe you 've already met our ... tireless research assistant , Mr. Fisher ... - Yep . - ... as well as his cologne . Brook 's looking at the black hole in the center of M-87 . Eli 's studying Markarian 541 , a major gamma ray source . And dr . Arroway here will ... be spending her precious telescope time listening for , uh ... listening for , uh ... . Little green men . One down ... couple billion to go . Arecibo , right ? - Does it show ? - Yeah . Cracker Jack ? - No , no , thanks . - Mind if I sit down ? - Sure . I hear the , uh , the locals , they call it " El Radar " . Convinced it has some dark military purpose . I think we 're pretty harmless . Palmer Joss . - Ellie Arroway . - Nice to meet you , Ellie . What are ... what are you studying up there ? Uh , the usual . Well , nebulae , quasars , pulsars , stuff like that . What are you ... what are you ... what are you writing ? The usual . Nouns , adverbs , adjective here and there . I work on a project called SETI . Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ? Wow ! And that is out there ! Wait . Are .. are you a student or something ? I 'm a writer . I 'm writing a book . Um ... And I 'm doing research on ... just about how technology affects Third World cultures . I 'm also ... looking for this guy , David Drumlin . He 's the new head hunch of the National Science Foundation . I tryin ' to get an interview with ' im . I take it you know him ? You could say that . SETI , man . I mean , that 's fringe ! Crossed paths with this guy before . I mean , something like that must really chap his ass , huh ? Compass . For you , Elle . You better keep this . Might save your life someday . Will you have dinner with me tonight ? I ... I-I don 't make a very good ... research subject . I 'm-I 'm just not very quotable . No quotes . No quotes . Scout 's honor . Just good meal , good company . I gotta go . Uh , but , uh ... But ... Drumlin 's coming in this Tuesday . Now I remember why I took that desk job . Dr. Drumlin , how are you ? Glad you could make it , David . If I 'd known it was gonna take 3 planes , I might 've reconsidered . How is that new office ? Oh , I 'm still settling in . Of course they already wanna take half of my budget and give it to the Pentagon . Ellie ... Still waiting for E.T. to call ? Well , I understand we 're having a little research . Good to see you too ! Asshole ! Oh-oh , looks like it 's gonna be a long night . Science must foremost be accountable to the people who are paying for it , the taxpayers . We need to stop wasting money on pie-in-the-sky abstractions and start spend it on practical , measurable ways to improve the lives of the people who are after all footing the bill . Not unlike my L-band , globular clusters work . Wait . You 're-you 're saying you wanna do away with all pure research now ? What 's wrong with science being practical ? Even profitable ? Nothing , as long as your motive is the search for truth . Which is exactly what the pursuit of science is . Oh , that 's a rather interesting position coming from a man on a crusade against the evils of technology ... Father Joss . I 'm not against technology , Doctor . I 'm against the men who deify it at the expense of human truth . Kent , been meaning to have a word with you . Over here , please . - Can I ... ? - Yeah , I just ... I think that hurt my chances with that interview , what do you think ? You 're a priest ? No , not really . I , uh , got my Masters in Divinity ... then I dropped out of seminary , and went off do some seculary humanitarian work , coordinating efforts for the Third World churches . Couldn 't live with the whole celibacy thing . You could , um , you could call me a man of the cloth ... without the cloth . Wanna get out of here ? All right . You see that .. sort of large W-shaped constellation right there ? That 's Cassiopeia . And , uh , Cassiopeia A gives off , uh , a whole lot of radio signals . I ... I actually listen to them a lot . It 's a remnant of a supernova . When did you know you wanted to be an astronomer ? Well , when I , uh , was about eight years old , I , uh ... I was watching the sunset and ... I asked my dad " What 's that bright star over there ? " and he said , uh , he said that it wasn 't really a star at all . That was actually ... a whole planet called Venus ... which ... should be over there soon . He said " You know why they called it Venus ? Because they thought it was so beautiful and glowing ... . But what they didn 't know ... is that it 's filled with ... deadly gases and sulfuric acid rain ... " Wow , I thought " This is it ! I 'm hooked ! " You know , there are ... four hundred billion stars out there , just in our galaxy alone . If only one ... out of a million of those had planets ... all right , if just one out of a million of those had life and if just one out of a million of those had intelligent life ... there would be literally millions of civilizations out there ... Well , if there wasn 't ... it 'd be an awful waste of space . Amen . So I was lying there , just ... looking at the sky . And then I felt something . I don 't know . I , uh ... All I know is that I wasn 't alone . And for the first time in my life I wasn 't scared of nothing , I mean nothing ... not even dying . It was God . And there 's no chance that ... you had this experience because some part of you needed to have it ? I mean , I 'm a reasonably intelligent guy , but this ... . Now this ... My-my intellect couldn 't even touch this . No . I 've been to Sunday school a few times . Uh-huh . And ? Well , I just ... I kept asking all these really annoying questions like , uh ... " All right , then , where did Mrs. Cain come from ? " And , uh , pretty soon they called my dad and they asked him if he wouldn 't mind just ... keeping me home from now on . Your dad ... . Is it this guy ? Yeah . You 're close to him , aren 't you ? Yeah , I was . He ... died when I was nine years old . I never got to know my mother . I 'm sorry . That 's gotta be tough . - Yeah . - Being alone ... What do you say ... we pack a picnic tomorrow morning and hike up to Mount Arecibo ? I don 't think I can . I ... gotta work . All right , how about dinner then ? Tomorrow night . I know a great dive . No , I don 't think so . Ellie , did I miss something ? Huh ? No . Shit , I 'm late ! I-I 'd told Kent that I 'd be there at 10 : 30 . You know , I 'm not trying to push you . No , no , no , no . I 'm sorry . I 've wanted to look at this sector for weeks . Here . Just hang out and , uh ... sleep in , and , uh ... there 's a bunch of food in the fridge . How can I reach you ? Uh , just leave your number . I 'll call you . Dad ! Dad , it 's starting , you 're gonna miss it ! Dad , there 's another one ! Hurry up ! In a minute , Sparks ! I 'm almost done . Oh , there 's another one . Come on , hurry up , dad ! Dad ? Dad ? Daddy ? Oh , dad . Dad ? Dad ! I 'll get the medicine . Ellie ... I know it 's hard to understand this now , but ... we aren 't always meant to know the reasons why things happen the way they do . Sometimes , we just have to accept it ... as God 's will . I should have kept some medicine in the downstairs bathroom . Then I could 've gotten to it sooner . CQ ... this is W-9 GFO . Do you copy ? Dad , this is Ellie . Come back . This is Eleanor Arroway transmitting on 14.2 megahertz . Dad ... Are you there ? Come back . Dad . Are you there ? Dad , this is Ellie . Ellie ? Hey . Kent . What are you doing up so early , huh ? I was thinking . We 'd make a pretty good team . - What ? We could put together a kick-ass ad - hoc SETI program . Hey , what are you talking about ? You-you know the Very Large Array in New Mexico ? It-it would be a dynamite place to do ... What are you talking about , Kent ? ... SETI work ... Drumlin pulled the plug . We 're homeless . Is it true ? They let you pull the plug ? I know you can 't see it now , but I 'm doing you a favor . You 're far too promising a scientist to be wasting your gifts on this nonsense . I don 't consider what could potentially be the most important discovery of the human race nonsense , okay ? There 's 400 billion stars ... And two probabilities . One , there is intelligent life out there but it 's so far away you 'll never contact it in your lifetime . And two ! - You 're making a decision ... Two ! There 's nothing out there but noble gases and carbon compounds and you 're wasting your time ! In the meantime , you won 't be published , you won 't be taken seriously , and your career will be over before it 's begun . So what ? It 's my life ! Hey , Kent . You were right . Screw Drumlin , all right ? We 're gonna raise the money ourselves . We 're going to New Mexico . Chicago 's all set . You call me and let me know how it goes . Well , I 've got some more corporate stops , uh , set up on the East Coast for you . Hey , Fish , did that private investor from Houston ever get back to us ? I ... I 'm gonna hit him up on my way to L.A. Hey , try begging for some of that Hollywood money ! Why not ? They 've been making money off aliens for years , right ? - They say begging is good for the soul . - We 'll see about that . Here you go . - Just do me a favor . - Yeah . Try not to be too ... confrontational ? Uh ? Confrontational ? Me ? What do you mean ? I 'm gonna see if I left anything . This is a unique time in our history , in the history of any civilization . It 's , uh , the moment ... of the acquisition of technology . That 's the moment where contact becomes possible . The Very Large Array in New Mexico is the key to our chances for success . With its 27 linked radio telescopes , we can search more accurately than at any other conventional facility . Now , we 've ... already gotten the preliminary approval to buy the telescope time from the government . Now , all ... we really need is the money . A nice presentation , Doctor . But while our foundation arm has a mandate to support experimental programs , you must confess that your proposal seems less like science , and more like science fiction . Science fiction . Well , you 're right . Its ... crazy . In fact , it 's even worse than that : nuts ! Wanna hear something really nutty ? I heard a couple guys that wanted to build a thing called an airplane . Now , you get people go in it and fly around like birds . It 's ridiculous , right ? And what about ... what about , uh , breaking the sound barrier or , uh , rockets to the Moon , or atomic energy , or a mission to Mars ? Science fiction , right ? Look , all I 'm asking is ... is for you to just have the tiniest bit of vision . You know , to-to step back for one minute and look at the big picture . To take a chance on something that might end up the most ... profoundly impactful moment for humanity , for-for the history ... I 'm sorry . I just ... I spent the last 13 months ... coming to rooms like this one and talking to people like you , you know . Truth is , you 're my last chance , so ... I 'm sorry I wasted your time . Doctor . Yes , sir . Yes ... sir . Yes , sir . You have your money . Thank you . Thank you . Whoa , perfect cast ! Come on , fishy ! Ah , Frank , look at the size of that son-of-a-bitch ! Welcome back , Dr. C. How 'd it go ? How was the trip ? I 've had better . Drumlin ! What is this ? This is a personal vendetta now ? It 's not just Drumlin . There 's been enormous pressure ... from other scientists as well . It doesn 't matter anyway because Hadden 's funding us for another 2 years . Uh , these are government own telescopes . They can lease them to whomever they want . And they don 't want the high priestess of the desert using them anymore . What ? Staring at static and TV for hours at a time , listening to washing machines ... Did you really think these stories wouldn 't get around ? I was looking for patterns in the chaos ! Come on ... It doesn 't matter anymore , we 're a joke to them . They want us out ! We 've got 3 months until the paperwork goes through . Fine . I 'll start looking for other funding . I don 't just stop ... writing ... Could you face reality , please ? Just this once , Ellie . We lost . It 's over . Fine . I 'm not stoppin ' . If I have to go it alone , I 'll go it alone . I 've done it before . My guest tonight is author and theologian Palmer Joss . He 's become a spiritual counselor of sorts , and a recent fixture at the White House . " God 's Diplomat " , according to The New York Times . His latest book , " Losing Faith " , is currently number one on that publication 's bestseller list . Thanks for being with us , Palmer . You have had quite a ride these last couple o ' years . Yeah , I sure have , Larry . Um ... Hey , Fish , I was thinkin ' . Who would make ... the best astronomers ? Think about it . Who has the perfect synthesis of career and lifestyle ? I give . Vampires ! Are you anti-technology , are you anti-science ? No , not at all . The question that I 'm asking ... is this : Are we happier ... as a human race ? I-is the world fundamentally a better place because of science and technology ? We shop at home , we surf the web , but ... at the same time we feel emptier ... lonely and-and more cut off from each other than at any other time in human history . We 're becoming a synthesized society and in a great hurry to get to the next ... . I think it 's because we 're looking for the meaning . Or ... what is the meaning ? We have mindless jobs , we take frantic vacations . Deficit finance trips to the ... to the mall to buy more ... things that we think will fill these-these holes in our lives . I mean , is there any wonder that we 've lost our sense of direction ? Holy shit ! Right ascension 18 hours , 36 minutes , 56.2 seconds ! Declination + 36 degrees , 46 minutes ... 56.2 seconds ! Confirm ! Right ascension , 18 hours , 36 minutes 56.2 seconds ! Hey , is anybody awake in there ? I 'm moving the array ! Confirm ! Boss has a bogey ! Right ascension , 18 hours 37 ... . God ! - Fish ! - We 're on it ! 36 hours ... 47 minutes and 1 second ! Strong possible pulse chain on sub-array four ! I 'm moving the rest of them now . What I need you to confirm the coordinates ! Check the status of the array . She 's doing all the dishes . All systems nominal . Hello . I need a full systems check ! Coordinates confirmed . Willie 's checking the system now . Stay on top of the systems diagnostics ! Check the reference point offsets . And I want you off-axis on 27 the second we get there ! And tell Willie to break out the big boy ! Copy that . Willie .. We 're ... Yeah , go ! Go , Ellie ! Cause I can hear it on the headphones . We gotta be sure about this . Give me another array status . Her four are online , the rest are tracking in . Your four are online , the rest are tracking in . But there 's a bad drive on 16 . Your four are online , the rest are tracking in , but there 's a bad drive on 16 . Copy that ? What do you want me to do about the source queue ? Look , forget about it and hold the queue . Go get ready to set the target frequency to manual the second we 're aligned . Do you copy ? I want you to go off-axis on 27 the second we 're there ! And leave the LO frequency where it is ! Stay on it , Fish , don 't let it get away ! If you lose it , just scan the band ! Run every frequency you can think of . How you doing ? Talk to me , guys . Partially polarized set of moving pulses , amplitude-modulated . We 're locked . Systems check out , signal across the board . What 's the frequency ? 4.4623 gigahertz . Hydrogen time 's pi . Told you ! Strong sucker too ! I got it ! I got it , I got it ! I 'm patched in ! All right , let me hear it . Listen to that . Make me a liar , Fish . Uhh , could be AWACS out of Kirkland jammin ' us , but I 'm doubting it . All right , let 's see if FUDD 's reading it too . Willie , patch it back and give me the off-axis . Are we recording ? - Never stopped . Thank you , Elmer ! AWACS status is ... negative . And what about White Sands ? On this frequency ? No . All right , I 'll punch up the darks . How 's the spying tonight , guys ? Come on ! All right . NORAD 's not tracking any snoops in this vector . Shuttle Endeavor 's in sleep mode . Okay , point source confirmed . Whatever it is , it ain 't local . Position ? I checked interferometry . Somewhere in Lyra , I think . - Uhh , Vega ? - Can 't be ! It 's only 26 light years away . - Hey , what 's the peak intensity ? - Comin ' up ! Vega . Vega . I scanned it a bunch of times at Arecibo . It was negative results always . Got it ! Reading over 100 janskys . Jesus ! I can pick it up on my ... . No ! Come on ! All ri-all right . It 's restarting . Wait a minute , wait a minute . Those are numbers . That was a 3 , the one before it was 2 ... Um , base 10 numbers . Just start counting now and see how far we can get . One . - Seven . - Seven . Those are primes . 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , those are all prime numbers . And there 's no way that 's a natural phenomenon ! Okay , okay . Let 's just calm down and pull up the star file on Vega . I-it doesn 't make any sense . The system is too young . It cannot have a planetary system ... let alone life , let alone a technological civilization . Well , maybe-maybe they didn 't grow up there , maybe they 're just visiting , I don 't know . Okay . So , spacecraft ? No , this system 's ful of debris . It would be clobbered . Well , not if they used their ... laser blasters and photon torpedoes . - That 's not funny , Willie . - Well , how else can we explain this ? Willie 's right . I-if we go public with this and we 're wrong , that 's it . It 's-it 's ... it 's over . We 're cooked . God ... I wish Kent was here . Whatever the signal is , we better do something soon . Vega 's gonna set . That position is confirmed . We 've got 4.4623 gigahertz , confirmed . We 've got 112 janskys . All right , do you have a source location yet ? We put it right smack in the middle . Vega . Okay , thanks , Ian . Just keep tracking and we 'll get back to you . Yeah , right-o . Okay . 101 . The pulse sequenced through every prime number between 2 and 101 . Who are we gonna call now ? Everybody . The rumors are flying , the implications extraordinary . This morning , detection of an unidentified radio source from deep space can neither be confirmed nor denied . But the military presence arriving ... . Sources close to the VLA report that planet Earth has been contacted by some form of intelligent being living outside our solar system . Again , there is no confirmation . I want all these people out of here . Where is the girl ? 22 stations worldwide now confirming the signal . Vega is currently below our horizon , so what you 're hearing is the signal from the Rutanyan array in Russia . Let 's get decryption people in here now . Lunacharsky 's visiting at Cal Tech . Explain this to me . If the source of the signal is so sophisticated ... why the remedial math ? Exactly . Why don 't they just speak English ? Oh , maybe because 70 % of the planet speaks other languages . Mathematics is the only truly universal language , senator . And it 's no coincidence that they 're using primes . I don 't get it . Prime numbers . Uh , that would be integers that are only divisible by themselves and 1 ... We think that this ... this may be a beacon , some kind of a ... an announcement to get our attention . Well , if it 's attention you want , you got that . One thing : Vega . People have been looking at Vega for years , with no results ... And now , yesterday they start broadcasting primes . Why ? Well , it 's hardly yesterday , because the ... the signal 's been transmitting for 26 years . Dr. Arroway . Excuse me , um , who are you ? Michael Kitz , National Security Advisor . Doctor , let me first say that your reputation ... Actually , first , could you ask the , uh , gentlemen with the firearms to ... wait outside ? This is supposed to be a ... civilian facility . Doctor , with all due respect , your science ... Excuse me . Hey , hey , hey ! Hi ! I 'm so glad you 're back ! Come on , I got something for you to hear . Is this great ? - Who are all these people ? - I have no idea . Sit down . And , um , we could use some help with the spectrum analysis , okay ? - Oh , God , listen to that . I 'll get right on that . - I 'll get you the headsets . So , I 'll just come right to the point , shall I ? Your having sent announcements all over the world may well constitute a breach of national security . Oh , this isn 't a person-to-person call . You can possibly think that ... a civilization sending this kind of message would-would intend it just for Americans ? I 'm saying you might have consulted us . Obviously , the contents of this message could be extremely sensitive . You wanna classify prime numbers now ? Mike , because of earth 's rotation , we 're only in line with Vega so many hours a day . The only way to completely ... monitor the signal is to get the cooperation of other stations . If Dr. Arroway hadn 't acted quickly , we could have lost key elements . Okay , fine , they 've got the primes . But if you 're right about there being more significant transmissions still to come ... Which would also mean that that works help to receive and decode , by the way . Doctor , do you understand that my job is to protect ... . I ... - Listen . - I hear it . Hear what ? Harmonic . Bingo ! I had Willie ask Rattan to ... to retune to 8.9247 gigahertz . There 's a lot more here . - Right . Fish , let 's get on the negative sideband . - I 'm already on it . What is going on ? Another signal ! A second signal at double the frequency . Looks like ... . Somebody get a TV monitor ! All right . Patch the code into the image processor . You want the new data ? Uh , yeah , the new frequency . The one we just recorded . - All right . - David , would you explain this to me , please ? Well , with the prime there 's another signal . Looks like a TV transmission . We 're hot . All right . Do me a favor . Go get the blinds . There is a lot of glare . You 're patched in . All right , it 's definitely an image . Let 's try and stabilize it . What do you make of that , Fish ? It 's almost like there 's two different interlaced frames . I 'm framing one . - Oh , it 's just noise . - Trying frame two . I ... I 've got an offset carrier here . I think it 's audio . Plug it in , plug it in ! Center that segment . Centering . Can you clean it up any more than that , Fish ? I 'm working on it . What the hell ... ? Try zooming out . All right , freeze ! Reverse values . T-try zooming out again . Rotate 90 degrees counterclock ... - Okay . - Uh , what 's going on ? You 're not gonna believe this . Does anybody speak German ? " Uh , I-I declare the Games in Berlin ... at-at the celebration ... of-of-of the first Olympics of ... the New Era as ... opened . " Get me the White House . 20 million people died defeating that son of a bitch and he 's our first ambassador to outer space ? Actually , the broadcast of the ' 36 Olympics was the first TV transmission of any part that went into space . That they recorded it and sent it back is simply a way of saying " Hello , we heard you " . Or " Sieg Heil , you 're our kind of people . " - I don 't think so . - Wait a minute , wait a minute . Hitler and his politics have nothing to do with this . Obviously , it 's highly unlikely that they understood what they were looking at . - Excuse me ... - And people need to understand ... My people are in very good hands , Doctor Arroway . We 'll take it from here . The White House has just released a statement confirming that a message of unknown origin emanating from deep space has been received by American scientists . Claire Shipman is at the White House . Donna , we 've just been told that the President will have only a few brief remarks about today 's extraordinary announcement and that he won 't be taking any questions from the press . Good afternoon . I 'm glad to be joined by my ... Science and Technology Advisor . This is the product of years of exploration ... by some of the world 's most distinguished scientists . Like all discoveries ... this one will and should continue to be reviewed , examined and scrutinized . It must be confirmed by other scientists . But clearly ... the fact that something of this magnitude is being explored ... is another ... Fish , what is the story over here ? I thought Ellie was supposed to be on . I don 't know . Uh , uh , guys ? Guys ? Uh ... uh . You-you-you know those interlaced frames that we thought were noise ? This has structure . I-I-I 'm hearing structure . If this discovery is confirmed , it will surely be one of the most stunning insights into our universe that science has ever uncovered . Its implications are as far-reaching ... and awe-inspiring as can be imagined . Even as it promises answers to some of our oldest questions , it poses still others , even more fundamental . We will continue to listen closely to what it has to say as we continue the search for answers and for knowledge that is as old as humanity itself , but essential to our people 's future . Thank you . I 'll answer your questions at the end of first a few corrections . The message was received Friday morning at 6 : 31 a.m. Mountain Standard Time . It was largely mathematical and in spite of reports that you may have seen to the contrary , appears to be completely benign in nature . Let me say that again . The message is completely benign . The President has been in touch with heads of state from around the world and every possible security measure is being taken . To better explain to you the events of the last 48 hours , I 'm turning you over to the leader of the scientific team that made this remarkable discovery ... Dr. David Drumlin , special Science Advisor to the President . Thank you , Rachel . Hello . In 1936 , a very faint television signal transmitted the opening ceremonies of the Olympic Games as a show of ... German superior technology . That signal left Earth at the speed of light and 26 years later arrived in the vicinity of the star we call Vega . That signal has been sent back to us hugely amplified , an unmistakable sign of intelligence . Now ... You 're online , Kent , go ahead . The Adolf transmission used 25 frames per second but we 're receiving 50 frames per second . So , we count the other 25 through a series of search algorithms to see if there was anything else . We found a series of markers on-on-on the top of each frame . Are you ready ? - Uh , yeah , go ahead ! Uh , send it , Willie . And here it comes . It 's digital , massive amounts of data which extend right to the higher harmonics . Jackpot ! All right , as you 'll see ... interlaced with the frames of the original Hitler image ... we found these sections . Now , we-we-we thought they were just noise , but they 're actually data , huge amounts of it . And when we combine this with the data from the amplification of the original signal , we get these encrypted pages of text . Now , no two are alike and we 've uncovered over 10,000 already . What does it mean , Doctor ? Well , we have no idea . It could be anything . It could be , uh , the first volume of an Encyclopedia Galactica . Instructions to acquaintance us with their colonization procedures . Moses with a few billion new commandments . How long will it take to decode it ? Uhh , it could take forever . We really need a primerer ... We need to get the best decryption people we have . I intend to use the VLA as my ... command post . In the meantime , my office has made out a preliminary budget . W-wait a minute . Uh , this is a privately-funded operation . We 're only leasing dish time from the government . It doesn 't work clear-cut case of eminent domain I 've never seen it . I 'm going to recommend to the President that we militarize this project immediately . What ? ! This is my project ! Nobody knows more about this scenario than I do . David , tell them how many years ... Excuse me ! Could we calm down here ? Now , I 'm going to recommend that Dr. Drumlin administer and coordinate the decryption effort . However , in light of Dr. Arroway 's long experience in these matters , for the time being , she will continue to direct operations at the VLA , with the express understanding that any future discoveries will be kept in the strictest of confidence until such time as the President can decide the most suitable course of action . Understood ? Yes . This is CNN Breaking News . The President made a brief statement calling the message from Vega " one of the most stunning insights into our universe ... " Attendance at religious services has risen a dramatic 39 % in recent days . ... as police and three German armed divisions clashed with neo-Nazi protesters . So , it turns out there 's life on other planets . Boy , this is really gonna change the Miss Universe contest . Don 't you think ? I mean , Jesus ... Health officials from around the world are concerned that the message from Vega might trigger a rash of mass suicides not unlike the recent cult deaths near San Diego ... Even a scientist has to admit that there are some pretty serious religious overtones to all this . Let 's hear from someone whose organization has been accused of conducting its own inquisition in recent days : Richard Rank , head of the Conservative Coalition . Thank you . This is yet another example of science intruding into matters of faith . This means they have been reacting to TV signals they got from us in the 1930 's . They 're just getting them . Imagine how disappointed they 're gonna turn up to be i-i-if they 're Cubs fans . We now take you to Jeremy Walth , who is reporting on the dance at the Very Large Array near Socorro , New Mexico . Like a bolt from the blue it came . What is being called " The Message from Vega " has caused thousands of believers and non-believers to descend upon the VLA facility here in the remote desert of New Mexico . Many have come to protest , many to pray , but most have come to participate in what has become the best show in town . But they have failed ! It 's the same people who , again and again have brought us to the brink of destruction ! Who 've polluted our air , who 've poisoned our water ! Now these scientists ... have had their chance . Are these the kind of people ... that you want talking to your God for you ? Efforts continue around the clock . But for now , almost 2 full weeks after the message 's arrival ... scientists here at the VLA still have no answers ... only more questions . Jeremy Roth , CNN , Socorro , New Mexico . More on the quest for the message 's meaning , after this . They gotta line up somehow . Yeah . Now , this one doesn 't fit , either . We 've tried over a million permutations . Always , I can only get three corners to fit . I don 't understand their significance . What ... ? Somebody broke in ... Hello ? Hey , listen . I don 't know who you are , but you broke into the database and I 'm ... What ? Now ? Where ? I 'll be there . You should feel fortunate . He hardly lands for anyone . Dr. Arroway . I presume . Mr. Hadden . I 've had my eye on you a long time , Doctor . I consider you one of my most valuable long-term investments . And when it comes to my investments , I always do my homework . Eleanor Ann Arroway , born 25th August , 1964 , De Pere , Wisconsin . Mother , Joanna , died from complications during childbirth . Early testing indicated high predisposition towards science and mathematics . Father , Theodore , advised to provide enrichment activities along these lines , did so conscientiously until his death from myocardial infarction , November 10 , 1974 . You graduated from high school in 1979 , almost two full years early . Awarded full scholarship , M.I.T. , graduated magna cum laudae . Doctoral work , Cal Tech , where you did breakthrough work on the lanthanide-doped ruby maser , dramatically increasing the sensitivity of radio telescopes . Subsequently offered a teaching position at Harvard University , which you turned down to pursue SETI work at the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico . Changes in N.S.F. policy gave rise to certain funding problems , at which point ... you came to my attention . You compromised our security codes . Once upon a time ... I was a hell of an engineer . Please , sit , Doctor . I have guests so rarely , it 's important to me that they feel ... welcome in my home . You live here ? I find it convenient to keep my interests ... mobile . Anyway , I 've had my fill of life on the ground . Well , I ... I guess I should , uh ... . I guess I should thank you for ... having bailed me out all the time . I know a good bet when I see one . Earl Grey . No sugar , no milk , I believe . What am I doing here ? The powers that be have been very busy lately ... falling over each other to position themselves for the game of the millennium . Maybe I can help deal you back in . I didn 't realize that I was out . No . Maybe not out , but certainly being handed your hat . I 've had a long time to make enemies , Doctor . And , uh ... there are many governments , business interests , even religious leaders that would like to see me depart this earth . And I 'll grant them their wish soon enough . But before I do , I wish to make a small contribution . A ... final gesture of goodwill to the people of this planet who have given ... from whom I have taken so much . You found the primer . Clever girl ! Lights . Pages and pages of data . Over 63,000 in all . And on the perimeter of each ... Alignment symbols , uh , registration marks , but ... they don 't line up . They do ... if you think like a Vegan . An alien intelligence has got be more advanced , and that means efficiency functioning on multiple levels and ... in multiple dimensions . Yes , of course ! Where 's the primer ? You 'll see . Every three-dimensional page contains a piece of the primer . There it was all the time , staring you in the face . Buried within the message itself is the key to decoding it . Within the layering of the matrix , we have these basic equations . So , with this very elementary foundation , they have given us a kind of ... general scientific vocabulary . We now have the symbols for true and false ... This was the key , to put it simply , that allowed us to decipher their language for physics , geometry , chemistry ... Next frame , Ellie . Yes , and when we , uh , apply this to the rest of the message ... we find this . Those look like engineering schematics , almost like blueprints . Yeah . Yes . It is our belief that the message contains instructions ... for building something , some ... kind of machine . A machine ? That does what , Doctor ? Well , we don 't know . It might be some type of , uh ... of advanced communication device , or it could be a teaching machine of some kind , or , uh , it might ... turn out to be ... some kind of a transport . - Transport ? - There 's no proof of that . The fact is you don 't know what it does . It could be anything . Could be ... a Trojan Horse . We build it and out pours the entire Vegan army . Why bother even risking the personnel ? It could be a weapon . Right . Some kind of a Doomsday Machine . Exactly . Every time they detect a new civilization they fax down these construction documents from outer space . We poor saps build ... whatever this thing is and blow ourselves to kingdom come . There 's no reason to believe that their intentions are hostile . Why is it the default position of the eggheads that-that aliens will always be benign ? Why is that , Doctor ? We pose no threat to them . It 'd be like us going out of our way to destroy a few microbes on some anthill in Africa . Interesting analogy . And how guilty would we feel if we went and destroyed a few microbes on an anthill in Africa ? I hope you 're right , Doctor . I really do . But right now my job is to protect American lives from any plausible threat , and in that regard I am obligated to assume the worst . Well , yes , and I am forced to agree with you . Uhh ... M-my problem is this : The content of that message is morally ambiguous at best . Now , our internal numbers show support for this is incredibly soft . So , if the President wishes to stay this course , I can guarantee you you 're gonna find his numbers going south like a ... ducks in winter . Th-this is nuts ! Excuse me ... Miss . We know nothing of these creatures ' values . The fact to the matter is we don 't even know whether they believe in God . This doesn 't make any sense . I mean , if you 're to ask ... Excuse me , Dr. Arroway . We won 't be suppressing any opinions here today . No , of course not . I understand . Uh ... What I meant to say ... is that the message was written in the language of science . Now , i-if it had been religious in nature , it should have taken on the form of a burning bush or a big booming voice from the sky . But a voice from the sky ... is exactly what you found , Doctor Arroway . I 'm sorry I 'm late , ma 'am . Now ... I agree with ... Mr. Rank that there are unavoidable ... religious implications at stake here , but ... that doesn 't justify taking an alarmist position . My hope is that we can find a common ground ... break through any obstacles that may have kept us apart . Right . Well , perhaps we can get ... Yes , I need to make one thing very clear . Our organization will not be mollified or placated with flowery New Age rhetoric from ... Mr. President ! The President met with his top advisors today regarding the latest efforts to decode the message . While there have been reports of some progress , the official line remains a cautious one . If you 're asking when we 'll find out what the ... purpose of that Machine is ... maybe tomorrow , maybe next year , maybe never . There he is . The man with his finger on the spiritual pulse of the nation , huh ? It 's so good to see you , Ellie . You too . Your discovery , all of this . It-it must be a real vindication . I 'm ... really happy for you . Are you ? Mr. Joss , the President 's waiting . - Okay ... - The President 's waiting . Oh , Ellie . See you at the reception tonight ? Oh , yeah , I w ... I wouldn 't miss it . All right . Great . Excuse me . Miss Constantine , may I ... may I speak to you ? Oh , certainly . Um , ugh . I have a big problem . - Yes . Um ... Do you know where I can find a really great dress ? God created man in the form of Himself , not in the form of monkeys ! Get a job ! Don 't waste my tax dollars ! You hear me ? Wow ! You look beautiful , Ellie . - So do you . - No , you really do . I read your book . Here we go . Would you like me to quote you ? " Ironically , uh , the thing that people are most hungry for , meaning , is the one thing science hasn 't been able to give them . " Yeah . Yeah Come on . It 's like you 're saying that science killed ... God . Oh , what if ... what if science simply revealed ... that He never existed in the first place ? I think we 're gonna need to get some air . - What ? - And a few more o ' these . - Thank you . - You 're welcome . Oohh ... A little chilly out here . Yeah , this is nice . - I got one for you . - What do you got ? Occam 's Razor . You ever heard of it ? Hoccam 's Razor . Sounds like some slasher movie . No , Occam 's Razor is a basic scientific principle . And it says : All things being equal , the simplest explanation tends to be the right one . Makes sense to me . So what 's more likely ? Thank you . An all-powerful mysterious God created the universe and then decided not to give any proof of His existence ? Or ... that He simply doesn 't exist at all and that we created Him ... so we wouldn 't have to feel so small and alone . I don 't know . I couldn 't imagine living in a world where God didn 't exist , no . I wouldn 't want to . How do you know you 're not deluding yourself ? I mean , for me , I ... I 'd need proof . Proof ... Did you love your father ? - What ? Your dad , did you love ' im ? Yes . Very much . Prove it . Kent . The White House . Mr. Joss ? I don 't want excuses . Whoever 's responsible , I want their head on a platter . Ellie ... What happened ? You were right all along . The decryption team here at the VLA has been working around the clock and all the hard work has finally paid off . This key section uncovered tonight , and obtained exclusively by CNN , shows an illustration of what is unmistakably a human figure inside a geometric structure of some kind . This and other contextual clues now lead scientists to believe that the message is , in fact ... - President just called an emergency meeting . - Yeah , I imagined he would . ... device , designed to take a single human occupant into space , presumably to the star Vega . Tell me . - They 're gonna build it . - Who gets to go ? The President 's just gone international to spread the risk and construction cost of this ... - Who gets to go along ? - Well , it 's complicated , Ellie . What ? They have formed a ... group of international candidates . - Ahh . - They know . Now , it 's your discovery . They 'd understand that . You 're at the top of a very short list . But they 're also putting together a formal selection committee . It 's-it 's , uh , it 's made of scholars , theologians , scientists , philosophers ... You 're on it . I 've been asked , yes . I guess that means that ... you 're a selector , I 'm a selectee and that we can 't ... . Yeah . What you don 't understand , Ellie , is ... I understand . Ellie ... I want you to know , whatever happens , as far as I 'm concerned ... . Well ... Good luck . Well , whatever you do , just make sure he doesn 't monopolize the committee , all right ? He is not on the committee , Ellie . What ? He just resigned the science spot . He wants to be the one to go . The President is already beginning to feel the financial pinch . Consortium sources say the cost of the project is spiralling to more than a third of a trillion dollars , making this what may be the most expensive single project in all of human history . Meanwhile , months of debate finally reached a conclusion of sorts last week as 10 international candidates were selected by the I.M.C. , representing a cross section of political , philosophical and religious views . Many of these scientists are the same experts who have been consulting on the Machine 's design and function . As such , they will be actively participating on-site , during the construction process . The choice of these 10 candidates has not been without controversy . Only one-third of the candidates are American . Many international observers are asking why . The U.S. is shouldering an enormous percentage of the financial burden ... But isn 't it true that a lot of large contractors , like Hadden Industries are actually making those contributions in exchange for technology rights ? Different nations are being compensated in different ways . For example ... Japan made headlines last month when they announced they would forego candidate representation in exchange for the lucrative systems integration subcontract . On what basis do you choose a human being to represent humanity ? Good question , Larry . Yes , well , if nothing else , uh , it should be somebody who 's fluent in the language that the message was given in . Uh , science , in this case . Doctor Arroway , despite your obvious enthusiasm , there 's been a lot of criticism of late , that this whole endeavor is simply too dangerous . Some of that criticism from scientists . One Nobel Prize winner recently noted , his words : " There is every indication that this is simply beyond our capabilities , that this endeavor will fail and that the Machine 's occupant will pay that failure ... with their life . " How do you respond to something like that ? Well , this message is from a civilization that may be anywhere , from hundreds to millions and millions of years ahead of us . I have to believe that an intelligence that advanced knows what they 're doing . Now , all it ... requires on our part is , uh ... Faith ? I was gonna say , a sense of adventure . And in breaking news , major John Russell , a former astronaut , considered to be the leading American candidate for the Machine seat , has unexpectedly dropped out of the running . Russell met with reporters this afternoon at his Houston home . I told my dad that I ... didn 't want him to go . Daddy , don 't go . Nothing would give me more pride than to ... represent my country . But what can I say to this ? Consortium officials had no comment , but sources within the American delegation have disclosed that Dr. Arroway appears to now be the front-runner for the Machine seat . " Meet me at noon . Must talk . " I sure didn 't expect to be getting a message like this from you . Thanks for coming . So , is this kosher ? Fraternizing with the enemy ? Selectors and selectees mingling around ? Can we talk about Einstein ? Yeah , sure . Okay . - Special relativity . - Yeah . This Machine ... now , if it works , and you travel to Vega , I mean , close to the speed of light , when you come back ... - If you come back . ... if you come back ... you 'll only be 4 years older , but over 50 years will have passed here on Earth . Basically , yeah . And everybody that you care about ... will be gone , dead and buried . If you came back , if you ... survived at all , which ... Look , Palmer , nobody 's saying this isn 't dangerous , right ? I ... The rest of the candidates and myself , we-we fully understand the implications , the risks that we 're taking . - Why ? Because it 's a historic opportunity . Because the world needs ... You , Ellie . You ! You personally . By doing this , you 're willing to give your life . You 're willing to die for it . Why ? From as ... long as I can remember , I 've been searching for ... something , some ... reason why we 're here . What are we doing here ? Who are we ? If this is a chance to find out even just a little part of that answer ... . I don 't know , I think it 's worth a human life . Don 't you ? You 're an incredibly brave woman , Ellie . Or incredibly nuts . Palmer ... I 'm really confused . So am I. I think I speak for us all when I thank you for your patience . Myself , I have one final question , Dr. Arroway . If you should meet these Vegans ... and were permitted only one question to ask of them , what would it be ? Well , I suppose it would be , uh : " How did you do it ? How did you ... evolve ? How did you ... survive this technological adolescence without , uh , destroying yourself ? " That more than any other question is one that I ... personally would like to have answered . Not too bad , Mike . I join Dr. Bergeron in expressing thanks for your patience , Dr. Arroway . We 've all been most impressed with your ... candor ... and your stamina . I believe we are ready to move on to your final statement . Um , Madam Chairman , I have one more question . Yes , Mr. Joss . Dr. Arroway ... would you consider yourself a , uh , spiritual ... person ? Uhh ... I ... I don 't really understand the point of the ... question . Uh ... I-I consider myself a moral person . We 're sure we all agree that is the case , but .. I think what Mr. Joss is in fact asking ... Do you believe in God ? ... Doctor Arroway . As a scientist , I , uh , rely on empirical evidence , and , uh , in this matter ... I-I don 't believe that there 's ... data either way . So your answer would in fact be that you don 't believe in God . I just ... I don 't understand the relevance of the question . D-Doctor Arroway ... 95 % of the world 's population believes in a supreme being in one form or another . I believe that makes the question more than relevant . Doctor Arroway ... I believe , um ... I believe I 've already answered that question . I 'm proud of what we 've achieved as a species ... and as a civilization . I would hate to see everything we stand for , all that we have fought for for a thousand generations ... all that God has blessed us with ... , betrayed ... in the final hour because we chose to send a representative who did not put our ... most cherished beliefs first . Thank you . Why 'd you do it ? Our job was to select someone to speak for everybody . And I just couldn 't in good conscience vote for a person ... who doesn 't believe in God . Someone who ... honestly thinks the other 95 % of us suffer from some form of mass delusion . I told the truth up there , and ... Drumlin told you exactly what you wanted to hear . With full humility and utmost gratitude , i.I accept this great honor ... and I promise I will do my best to represent my nation ... my planet ... and my God on this historic journey . I thank you from the bottom of my heart . There 's a carnival atmosphere here at Cape Canaveral as the International Machine Consortium hosts as much a media event as a systems test . David Drumlin is supervising the on-site portion of the test . We spoke with him earlier today . We 'll be able to monitor the stresses and effects using ... the robot passenger ... who we lovingly call Elmer . Dr. Arroway , the press would like to ask you a few questions as soon as they 're done with Dr. Drumlin . Now , at the moment that we release the pod , there 'll be a substantial amount of energy generated at the core . We 'll be able to monitor the stresses and effects using our robot passenger , who we ... lovingly call Elmer . Thank you . Welcome . Sir , they 're ready for you out at the site . Uh , yeah , just a minute . Ellie ... - Congratulations , David . - Glad you could come . Didn 't , uh , expect to see you here . Well , I 'm still , uh , you know , Crew Ops at the Control Center and ... I suppose the fact that I discovered the message means I have some PR value . Of course . Ellie , I know you must think this is all very unfair . Maybe that 's an understatement . What you don 't know is I agree ... I wish the world was a place where fair was the bottom line , where the kind of idealism you showed at the hearing was rewarded ... not taken advantage of . Unfortunately , we don 't live in that world . Funny , I ... always believed that the world is what we make of it . Excuse me ! Dr. Drumlin , sir ? Good luck on the test . Thank you . Test director ... everything looks good up here . We 're ready to go . All right , people , I want things double and triple checked here . We only get one shot at this . Let 's get it right . Ladies and gentlemen , we are ready for start-up . All controllers , I need a go-no-go for test initiation . Mechanical ? - Go . - Electrical ? - Go . - Dynamics ? - Go . - Communications ? - Go . - Pod systems ? - Go . - Safety ? - Go . Crew Ops , verify all pre-test procedures are complete ? Yes , verified . I 'm go . Pad leader , we 're looking good here . Is everything okay with you ? Roger . The pad is a go . Test initiation , on my mark . 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 . Mark . - Test start . - Rings are unlocked . Power levels indicate a good start . And we have begun the full-scale test of earth 's first system built by the sharing of knowledge with a neighbor in our universe . All power sources on core induction bus . IPV power transfer . Ring motion detect . Alpha , Bravo , Charlie . - Gerry , how we looking ? - Looks good . We 're underway . Looks like we have a normal start-up . Roger , David . It 's looking good here . We are moments away from the initiation of the drop sequence . All systems are go . - Mechanical , you still happy ? - Roger that . To tell you , this is very exciting from up here . We 've got 4 % . We 're confirming 4 % . Frequency 9.85 . Harmonics in the green . G-level 1.1 . - 5 % . - Confirmed . We are at 5 % . David , how 's it looking to you ? Okay . I 'm gonna take a look and show you what we got . All test subject instrumentation looks good . Confirm . We have a good picture from Dr. Drumlin 's PRD . Hope you guys are seeing what I 'm seeing . All systems are go . This is really something ! For purposes of this test , Dr. Drumlin will be on top of the Gantry crane that 's over the Machine . We 've got some , uh , some video animation to show just how this Machine - it is thought - will work . The passenger pod will be released , it 'ill come down through the center of the rings and into the Machine 's core . The big question everyone here is asking is , of course , what happens then ? Some believe that the rings function as some sort of an accelerator or something , uh , sending its energy into this passenger pod , making it rocket away at near the speed of light . Other people believe it might open up a doorway to some other dimension . Who 's right ? Well , that 's what today 's test is all about . - 35 % . - Subsystems , are you ready ? 40 % normal acceleration . Confirm 40 % . All controllers stand by to initiate drop sequence on my mark . All systems ready for drop sequence . 45 % . We 're in 45 % . Hey , verify closure . 46 . All controllers stand by to initiate IPV drop sequence . On my mark . 48 % . Test director , I 'm feeling a very strange vibration . Are you feeling it down there ? Gerry , can you confirm any vibration out of limits ? Negative . Everything looks good here . - Crew Ops ? - Nothing wrong with Elmer . David , we 're not seeing anything abnormal down here . No good . Hold the sequence . I 'm gonna take a direct reading . What the hell is he talking about ? Can anyone say " grandstanding " ? He sure knows he 's on TV ! Back home that 's what we call an overcooked ham . I 'm reading 10 kilohertz ! What you reading on the first and second order G-levels ? G-levels are right on ! We confirm Drumlin 's readings and they 're all normal . We 're go . Copy that , dynamics . I think we 're okay , but we 'll let him finish . - Mechanical , you still okay ? - Roger , TD . Right on the money . We got a security problem here ! Ellie , are you sure ? Yeah . This guy , he shouldn 't be there . I know him . Gerry , execute the rapid shutdown sequence . Security , move the emergency response team into position 1 . Get me Drumlin on a secure loop , please . You got him . - David , can you hear me ? - Yes , I hear . We 've got a security breach here . Right behind you . The tall guy . The technician . See ' im ? He 's not supposed to be there . David , he 's got something in his hand ! Him ! Take him ! Security breach ! A bomb ! He 's got a bomb ! He 's got a bomb ! I want that emergency response team up on the gantry . Now ! Security Stage One Alert ! Move all fire and rescue personnel into position one . All right , all right , back to your stations . I need you to be professional , people . Settle down ! Pad Leader , Pad Leader , do you copy ? The scene earlier today , when David Drumlin , advisor to two Presidents and winner of the National Academy of Sciences lifetime award of excellence was laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery . In a related story , last night ... Can I help you ? You 're ... I got some mail for you . ... the apparent suicide note of the leader of the terrorist group now believed responsible for the explosion in Florida this week . What we do ... we do for the goodness of all mankind . This won 't be understood , not now , but the Apocalypse to come ... will vindicate our faith . Welcome home . Oh , uh , comrade Arroway ... we have been expecting your call . Uh , one moment , please . Mr. Hadden ? ! Doctor ! How kind of you to call . Mr. Hadden , where are you ? The Russian government was , uh , kind enough to give me accommodations on Mir . You 're living on a space station ? It 's quite simple , really . The low-oxygen zero-gravity environment is the only thing keeping the cancer from eating me alive . Actually , I quite like it up here . My little room has one hell of a view . Wanna show you something . Hokkaido Island . The systems integration site . Look closer . First rule in government spending : Why build one when you can have two twice the price ? Only , this one can be kept secret . Controlled by Americans , built by the Japanese subcontractors , who also happen to be ... recently acquired ... wholly-owned subsidiaries ... of Hadden Industries . - ... of Hadden Industries . They still want an American to go , Doctor . Wanna take a ride ? And augmenting our restraint and communications console subsystem , we have your personal recording unit . Normal , infrared and ultraviolet lenses . Digital microchip good for thousands of hours of recording . Okay , look , I-I understand the reason for recording and documenting the mission . But I just , uh , wanna go on record one more time . Okay . The transmitted specs never said anything about any chair , or a-a restraining harness or , uh , survival gear ... You know , why can 't we just trust the original ... Doctor , both the IMC Board and the SI team carefully reviewed the matter and concluded that the design impact is negligible . Bottom line is ... we 're not putting anybody aboard this Machine unless there is some sort of minimal protection . Minimal protection . End of story . - Okay . - Ellie ... We 've been giving these to the astronauts since the beginning of the space program . It 's never been made public , of course . It 's fast and it 's painless . I 'm gonna travel 26 light years to commit suicide ? Something may go wrong . There may be an unforeseen mechanical failure . You could be marooned , unable to return . There are 1,000 reasons we can think of here to have this with you , but mostly it 's for the reasons we can 't think of . Come in . Dr. Arroway , time to get ready . Thank you . I know you don 't have much time , but ... As soon as I found out about the Machine , I called the President . I-I came with Kitz . I had to see you one more time . Oh , God , I 'm sorry . It 's okay . No , I ... I 'm glad you came . Listen , there 's something I gotta say to you . The reason I didn 't vote for you to go , Ellie , was a good reason , but it wasn 't the real one . I didn 't vote for you to go ... because I don 't wanna lose you . You find your way home , all right ? 23 hours ago , the world was stunned by the announcement of the existence of a second Machine and its passenger , Eleanor Ann Arroway . Now ... the question that 's on everyone 's mind : Will history repeat itself ? With a piece of engineering this complex , with so many unknowns , could the unthinkable occur ? The security in Hokkaido has been incredibly tight . No reporters whatsoever have been allowed near the site . Thank you . Restraint secure . All life support functions normal . Roger that . Ellie , this is Control . Do you copy ? Ellie to Control . Reading you five-by-five . Com 1 , give me Ellie 's PRD . Video unit recording and transmitting . Are you reading me ? - That 's affirmative . Video looks good . Copy that , Control . Okay ... Ellie , we 're gonna proceed to button you up . Roger , Control . I 'm ready . I can confirm the walkway retraction . - Communications ? - Go . - Life support ? - Go . Ellie , we are go for closure . I 'm go ... here . Mechanical , initiate IPV closure sequence . Hold on to fix chair . - Nice to smell you again , Mr. Kitz . - You too . Wouldn 't peg him as a Polo man . I got a visual on the door . IPV escape system is armed . Door is looking good . Door alignment looks good . Ellie , we are showing green across the board . Copy that , Control . IPV is secure . We are at 30 % . Copy that , 30 % . How you doing in there , El ? Kent ? Is that you ? That 's a big affirmative . Who-who let you in there , huh ? Oh , a higher power intervened . I 'm glad you came . 35 % . Copy that , 35 % . - Mechanical ? - We 're good . 40 % . I 'm picking up a ... moderate vibration here . Dynamics , can you confirm vibration ? Everything looks good here . She 's feeling the same thing they felt at the Cape at this point . Ellie , the vibration is normal . We are at 50 % . All systems nominal . Copy that , 50 % . Vibration 's getting a little stronger now . We 're picking up some low frequency noise . Mechanical , can you confirm ? Looks fine to me . Roger . Gerry , what do you think ? I 'm still go . People , we are still go . Something 's happening . There 's a light . Do you see that ? I 'm seeing ... I can 't tell whether it 's daylight or not . It 's ... There it is again . It 's coming from the bottom . Here , let me show it to you . Do you see that ? Negative . Ellie , you 're breaking up . - Com 1 , can we boost our signal ? - Ready is maximum . 65 % . The material is changing . It 's ... bordering on translucence . The-the system 's intact . It 's gotta be some kind of ... some kind of electromagnetic field . Are you reading this ? Negative . We 're seeing only interference . It 's becoming translucent . I can 't ... describe it . I can 't even explain it ! 70 % . People , we have intermittent comm , but we are still go ! Initiate secondary drive systems . Initiating auxiliary booster sequence . We 're go for ignition . We have auxiliary booster ignition . Life support , how 's she doin ' ? Still have data heart and respiration are high but within limits , she 's okay . Ellie , do you copy ? If you could hear ... I am okay to go . 80 % . All vibration and G-levels are in the green . Control , if you 're reading me , I am okay to go ! Okay to go ! 85 % . All bearing tips are on the profile . 90 % . We 're detecting some structural instability . - Mr. Burns , is she holding ? - We 're within limits ... barely . I 'm okay to go ! I 'm okay to go ! My God ! Okay to go ! I 'm okay ! 100 % target velocity . Steve ! Picking up tremendous EMI levels around the Machine ! All field measurements are pegged off still high . Steve , we 're approaching our abort limits . Okay to go . I hear her ! I hear her . Barely , but-but-but she 's-she 's there . Okay to go . She says she 's okay to go . Steve , we 're real close . - Electrical , what 's your reading on the core ? - The internal environment looks normal . Inside the core , the ... weather 's beautiful . I 'm okay to go . I 'm okay to go . I 'm okay to go . Initiate drop sequence . On my mark . 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... I 'm okay to go . Oh , God ! Ellie to Control . Ellie to Control , do you read me ? Ellie to Control , do you read me ? I 'm ... I 'm gonna try to keep ... recording ! I 'm going through ... some kind of a ... a tunnel ! There 's a light source ahead ! Brilliant ... and ... blue-white . Residual radiation ? It 's a star . I must 've ... gone through a wormhole . It 's Vega ! I 'm in another wormhole now ! I had no idea ! A series of them ! They 're alive . It 's like some ... some kind of a transit system . A subway ! Oh , God ! Okay . Okay . I gotta keep talking . It 's a triple ... no , quadruple system . Oh , it 's beautiful ! They 're alive ! Another wormhole ! This one 's much more violent ! Some ... celestial event ! No ! No words ! No ... words ... to describe it ! Poetry ! They should have sent ... a poet . It 's so beautiful ! Beautiful ! So beautiful . So beautiful . I had no ... idea . I had no idea . I had no idea . Hi , Sparks . Dad ? I missed you . Aren 't you ... ? Oh , I 'm sorry I couldn 't be there for you , sweetheart . You 're not real . None of this is real ! That 's my scientist . When I was unconscious , you ... downloaded my thoughts , my memory even . Pensacola ! We thought this might make things easier for you . Why did you contact us ? You contacted us . We were just listening . And there are others ? Many others . They all ... travel here through that transit system that you built ? We didn 't build it . We don 't know who did . Nah , they were gone long before we ever got here . Maybe someday they 'll come back . All the civilizations that you find , they come here ? Not all . - Is this some test ? - No , no test . You have your mother 's hands . You 're an interesting species ... an interesting mix . You 're capable of such beautiful dreams ... and such horrible nightmares . You feel so lost ... so cut off , so alone . Only you 're not . See , in all our searching ... the only thing we 've found that makes the emptiness bearable ... is each other . What happens now ? Now ? You go home . Home ? But ... I-I have so many questions . Do we get to come back ? This was just a first step . In time , you 'll take another . But other people need to see what I 've seen , they need to see ... This is the way it 's been done for billions of years . Small moves , Ellie . Small moves . We got video on Ellie ! Five-by-five ! She 's through ! She is in the net . She 's alive . Get the President on the phone ! What 's going on ? How is she ? How is she ? Ellie , Ellie , this is Control . You copy ? - What 's going on ? - I don 't know , I don 't know . Hang on . - She 's alive . - Put her on P.A. Ellie , just hold on tight . We 're still trying to , uh , determine the nature of the malfunction , but ... the important thing is you 're okay . What ? It 's all right , Ellie . The important thing is that you 're safe . What-what malfunction ? Wha ... what happened ? What day is this ? I 'm sorry , Ellie . Did you say " what day " ? How long was I gone ? Ellie , the IPV dropped straight through the Machine . You didn 't go anywhere . But I did . I did go . That 's what I 've been trying to tell everyone . But the headset didn 't record a single image ? Just this . Static . Thank you . Now , Doctor , let me show you what we saw . 43 separate remote cameras show exactly the same event . The IPV dropped straight through . Everyone who watched saw exactly ... the same thing . Nothing happened . How do you explain this , Doctor ? I can 't . I would encourage you ... not to inflame this situation beyond the facts . Let us deal with this on the facts . We are monitoring what has actually happened . We are taking what we believe is factually ... appropriate steps . Amid a flurry of accusations and counter-accusations by the nations representing the Machine Consortium , the President has ordered a special executive inquiry . However , the appointment to the committee of Michael Kitz , who has recently resigned as National Security Advisor , has raised a number of eyebrows on Capitol Hill . Uh , I have made no decision to run for Congress , I 've announced no candidacy . And the fact that I resigned as National Security Advisor has nothing to do with anything other than I want to devote all of my energy to this inquiry . The people of the world have a right to know what really happened . And yet every scientific instrument confirms the IPV was out of contact for ... only a fraction of a second . Isn 't that correct , Doctor ? A fraction of a second Earth time , yes . Earth time ? Senator , I believe that the Machine opened up a wormhole , a tunnel through the fabric of space-time , also known as an Einstein-Rosen Bridge . Now , because of the effect of general relativity , what I experienced as approximately 18 hours passed instantaneously on Earth . Doctor , isn 't it true these ... wormholes you speak of are merely theoretical predictions ? There is no evidence they actually exist , is there ? There is no direct evidence , no . Tell me something , Doctor . Why do you think these aliens would go to all this trouble ? Bring you tens of thousands of light years , and then just send you home without a single shred of proof ? They said that 's how it 's been done for billions of years . That 's very neat , Doctor . You have no proof because they didn 't want you to have any . A phenomenon known in psychiatric circles , I believe , as a self-reinforcing delusion . Is that what you think ? That I was delusional ? Well , I do think you may have suffered some kind of an episode . Yeah , I do . Doctor , I 'd like to propose an alternate hypothesis , if I may , and I 'd like you to bring your considerable scientific expertise to bear on it . To , um , fake a signal from Vega ... what would you need ? Uh , you would need a satellite to transmit the signal , but it would be impossible to simulate some ... You 'd need a satellite and you 'd need launch capabilities to put this satellite into orbit . And , of course , the message itself . To put something like this together , so ... complex , drawing on so many different disciplines ... Would be impossible . Impossible ? Impossible ? Is there ... anyone who might have been up to the challenge ? Someone with extraordinary technical expertise , enormous financial resources , someone ... perverse enough , eccentric enough to have come up with the idea in the first place ? Hadden ? S. R. Hadden . You 're implying ... that this was all some kind of a hoax ? That-that he engineered this ... ? S. R. Hadden ... a legendary power broker and manipulator in perhaps his final bid for immortality . Maybe he wanted to explore and exploit experiemental technologies , and get the governments of the world to pick up the tab . Perhaps this was his final altruistic gesture unite the world in some common goal . Maybe all of the above . S. R. Hadden , a brilliant ... and complicated man . Doctor , are you familiar with the scientific precept ... known as Occam 's Razor ? Yes . It means little things being equal , the simplest explanation tends to be the right one . Exactly . Now . You tell me . What is more ... likely here ? That a message from aliens results in a magical machine that whisks you away to the center of the galaxy to go windsurfing with dear old dad and then a split second later returns you home without a single shred of proof ? Or ... that your experience is the result of being the unwitting star in the farewell performance of one ... S.R. Hadden ? A man with the means , the motive and the opportunity to play you and indeed the rest of us as pawns in the biggest , the most elaborate , the most expensive hoax of all time ? Dr. Arroway , you come to us with no evidence , no record , no artifacts ... only a story that , to put it mildly , strains credibility . Over half a trillion dollars were spent . Dozens of lives were lost . Are you really gonna sit there and tell us ... we should just take this all ... on faith ? Please answer the question , Doctor . Is it possible that it didn 't happen ? Yes . As a scientist I must concede that . I must volunteer that . Wait a minute , let me get this straight . You admit that you have absolutely no physical evidence to back up your story ? Yes . You admit that you very well may have hallucinated this whole thing ? Yes . You admit that if you were in our position , you would respond with exactly the same degree of incredulity and skepticism ? Yes . Then why don 't you simply withdraw your testimony and concede that this journey to the center of the galaxy , in fact , never took place ? Because I can 't . I ... had an experience . I can 't prove it . I can 't even explain it . But everything that I know as a human being , everything that I am tells me that it was real . I was given something wonderful , something that changed me forever . A vision ... of the universe ... that tells us undeniably ... how tiny and insignificant and ... how ... rare and precious we all are . A vision that tells us that we belong to something that is greater than ourselves , that we are not ... that none of us are alone . I wish I could share that . I wish ... that everyone , if even for one ... moment ... could feel ... that awe and humility and hope . But ... that continues to be my wish . Dr. Arroway , can I get a picture , please ? Will you look over here ? Reverend Joss ! Reverend Joss ! What do you believe ? ! As a person of faith , I 'm bound by a different covenant than Dr. Arroway . But our goal is one and the same . The pursuit of truth . I , for one , believe her . So what happens now ? We give her a medal ? I 'd say at least a healthy grant . I assume you read the confidential findings report from the investigating committee ? I flipped through it . I was especially interested in the section on Arroway 's video unit . The one that recorded the static . Continue . The fact that it recorded static isn 't what interests me . Continue . What interests me ... is that it recorded approximately 18 hours of it . That is interesting , isn 't it ? And you can see over there , we 're building 45 brand new dishes . And that means when you put them together with all the different radio telescopes all over the world , then we get to hear farther into space than anybody 's ever heard before . Yeah . Are there other people out there in the universe ? That 's a good question . What do you think , huh ? I don 't know . That 's a good answer . Skeptic , huh ? The important thing is that you all keep searching for your own answers . I 'll tell you one thing about the universe , though . The universe ... is a pretty big place . It 's bigger than anything anyone has ever dreamed of before . So , if it 's just us ... it seems like an awful waste of space . Right ?
