 VIRUS I cannot believe this is happening to me again . But this time , dear D 'Argo , it is by your own choice . Barely . The approaching Marauder 's ident signal says it 's definitely not from Crais 's command carrier . There are other ways to deal with the Peacekeepers . Let 's try Crichton way . Crichton 's way ! If we are going to attempt this Rygel , it means no ThroneSled ! We are ready now , Pilot . Understood . Identify yourself ! Regiment , assignment . Identify yourself . Lieutenant Aeryn Sun . Ustar Regiment , special duty assignment . And you ? Larraq . Captain . And my assignment 's none of your business . Having some trouble with your Marauder , Captain ? Cesium fuel leak . We 're lucky we found you . You think ? Awful big ship for one little girl . I can handle big . Ease your weapon , Lieutenant . That is an order . Smart move . Captain . What are you doing aboard my vessel ? Captain . Emergency situation . My team and I are on a Priority Red One mission . We need your boat here to complete it . Therefore , under Article 414 Decca , I hereby assume command over it , your crew , and you . Well , I think not . What the frell ? You need my help , I suggest you ask nicely . Captain . Delvian . And a quite attractive one . So you recaptured them out here on a New Technologies training flight ? New tech has been experimenting with Leviathan mastery without the use of control collars . How are you controlling this ship without a collar ? Neural control on the ship 's pilot . We control him , he controls the ship . Yes , I heard they 'd been working on that . But every test flight so far , they 've lost the Leviathan and the crew . Well , so far this test flight has gone without a hitch Till you came aboard , Captain . Tell me , what precisely is your mission ? You don 't have the clearance to know anything about my mission , Captain . But let me make it simple for you . I 've got one crate , and I 've got to get it back into Peacekeeper control without delay . One crate ? You see how simple it is ? Well , you of course are welcome to travel back with us , however ... No , no , you see , you don 't read me . This is urgent . I 'll give you a set of co-ordinates to a base . We can be there in twenty arns . Twenty arns ? But that would mean that the base is out here in the Uncharted Territories . It 's a new Gammak base . Secret . Need to know only . But since you 'll be taking me there , I guess you need to know . And yes , it is here , in the Uncharted Territories . Hey ! You damage the Captain 's prize and he 'll have both your heads on jinka poles . Whatever you say , Doc . Hey , what 's this ? - May I approach ? - Get as close as you want , darlin ' . The Captain 's ordered me to attend to you . There 's proper food waiting in the Centre Chamber when ... when you 're ready . That boot-shine Captain got a non-reg server like you aboard ? Guess he 's not as big a nerfer as I thought he was . What 'd he pay for you , sweetheart ? Not much , I 'm sure . Sergeant , I want to check the contents . Now . We 've been out here in the Uncharteds for nearly a full cycle looking for that thing . That 's a long time for me to hang with just my Captain and these two . Nearly a whole cycle ? Well , that is a long time to be ... to be searching for something . I 'm sure your ... your Captain 's prize must be very valuable . That 's not for you to concern yourself with honey . Would you like ... Oh ! I 'm sorry It 's not a problem . - Really ! - No problem at all . Food in the Centre Chamber ? Got it . Now leave us . Too easy . They certainly don 't pay much attention to rank , do they ? My people will follow every one of my orders instantly , and without question . I ask them to spit out of their eye , I expect them to drop dead trying . But make them stand up just because I walk into a room ? Come on . I respect them too much for that . You 've never interfaced with Special Ops before ? I 've heard of you . - Everyone at regiment level has . - Oh yes . What is it that you call us ? Black ghosts . Is that supposed to be an insult ? 'Cause you know , I kinda like it . Insult , definitely . Actually , I did see one of your type once . I was on a transfer barge . I was changing troop ships and I ... I only saw him for a couple of microts , but I recognised the unkempt uniform , - and the undisciplined attitude . - Must have really offended you . And just think , Now you 're going to sit down and eat with one . Alright . Enough is enough . This sham is over . I say we storm them now . No , no , no . This is working . They think I 'm a Peacekeeper Captain . Well certainly the uniform is convincing . Yes , we 're glad the Peacekeepers left it on board . You look very , fetching ! John , D 'Argo is right . Perhaps we should take them now , while we still have the element of surprise . Moya 's in the final stages of pregnancy . We have twenty arns before we 're anywhere near that base . I say we learn as much from these guys as we can . Aeryn 's supposed to be grilling Larraq right now . And what is going to happen when Aeryn gets sick and tired of pretending to take your orders ? John , the closer we get to that base , the more dangerous it is for all of us . And what if it 's not the only base ? I may be naive , but flying around in the Uncharted Territories , ignorant of what the Peacekeepers are doing out here ? That to me seems dangerous . Well I can tell you one thing for free . - I will not be chained up again . - Fine . - And I 'm not having that door locked . - Fine . Just stay out of sight . We 'd best get Rygel in harmony with this . Rygel ! Oh , he 's used his hidden escape route . Beautiful . Let 's go find Sparky before he screws this thing up . Yeah , let 's find him before you screw it up . I 'll take this tier . D 'Argo , come on . Crichton , get out of there ! D 'Argo . D 'Argo . I guess you 're pretty lucky I came along when I did , eh Captain ? If you ever lay hands on me again , I will have you up on charges . D 'Argo , you did well . Too well . You ever fly anything a little sexier than a Leviathan ? Let 's see . I started flying scrub runners at fourteen cycles . Half a cycle later , a KL 80 and an 81 . - and Prowler Attack School at sixteen . - Sixteen ? Why 'd you wait so long ? I had to . My feet didn 't reach the pedals . So , you said that you 'd been out here in the Uncharted Territories for almost a full cycle ? Looking for whatever that thing is in the crate ? And the sooner I get it into somebody else 's hands , the happier I 'll be . - Don 't ask , ' cause I 'm not going to tell you . - Why , ' cause you 'd have to kill me then ? Just stay away from it , okay ? That 's a stasis gun , isn 't it ? Came in handy on this trip . Well , that 's for capture , not killing . Look , you said that this base we 're heading to is a Gammak Base . That 's science military , right ? Are you sure that it 's wise to take whatever that thing is . Science military 's perfect . Let them deal with it . Ow ! Watch where you 're cutting ! Easy for you to say . How dare you sneak up on me like that ! I should make you wear a bell ' round your neck . Keep your fantasies to yourself , frog boy . Fantasies ? About you ? Ugh ! Why , I never . I 've seen you looking at me You want to be a pervo , you gotta practise subtle . But don 't get your shivvies in an uproar . Like I care . Thorrn , status ! - Yeah , Rhed . I 'm going to check out the cargo bay . - Proceed . Okay . Roger that . What are you doing down here anyway ? Me ? You 're the one who 's supposed to stay in his cage . Well , Pilot said they were bringing something onboard , and I thought I 'd come down here and see if I could ... You 're here for the same reason I am . To see if there 's anything inside worth snurching . Snurch ? I don 't snurch ! I ... - Procure . - Look , in the interest of not getting caught , I 'll agree to half whatever we procure . Half ? I was here first . But I have the , ah , the key . Okay , half . Open it . What , me ? Don 't you want your half of whatever 's in there ? Well , your half 's in there too . I 'm ... not very practical . Aye , aye , your royal frogness . It 's hot ! What is that ? Do you recognise the species ? Even if I did , I wouldn 't admit it . Well , whatever it is , it 's still alive . Hey Thorrn ! The Captain 's after us . Better get down to the ca ... Holy dren ! How did that ... Captain ! It 's Rhed . You 'd better get ... A single shot in the cargo area . Weapons fire ? This charade is definitely over . Pilot , open these doors now ! - What 's he doing ? - Shhh ! - I 've had enough ! - Rygel ! One down . Spread out . If it moves , shoot it . What is that ? What is going on here ? It 's escaped . What has escaped ? She 's dead . Somebody suffocated her . - It has escaped . What exactly is " it " , Captain ? - Over there . Aeryn , no ! Step back from him , now ! What are you so frelling afraid of ? Captain ? Peacekeeper Command sent us out here on a fugitive recovery . The fugitive we 're after is a virus . When we finally isolated the virus , it was using that creature as a host . An intellant virus ? We caught the virus when it was still in its single infection stage . Meaning it can only infect one host at a time . Unless it gets a chance to lay its spores . Spores ? Yeah . Give it an arn inside a single host it can lay a couple of million spores . It does that and this whole end of the galaxy 's in some serious frelling dren . Right , then . That virus was inside the creature , now it 's somewhere on the ship . Not somewhere , it 's inside someone . - The virus isn 't airborne . - It can only move from one host to host . You have to be really close to whoever 's got it . Start talking , Thorrn What happened ? I don 't remember . - Captain ? - Chiana ! Lower your weapon ... Captain . Chiana ? On your feet , now . What happened here ? I was walking past and I ... I saw Rygel . He opened up that crate . Somehow he ... he got it open . Who 's Rygel ? The Hynerian prisoner . The Peacekeeper came in . He , he attacked . He knocked him down . He stole his weapon and shot the other one . Rygel ? The virus can make a host muscle fire all at once , increasing strength . Thorrn ! Is that what happened ? - It could have happened . - Where 'd this Rygel go ? The shaft . The access shaft . He could be anywhere on the ship . We 've gotta find him before the virus has time to incubate or transfer to another host . How the frell did one of your prisoners get loose ? Let me get this straight . Rygel has been possessed by some Mensa member virus , that 's going to lay eggs , that 's going to infect all of us in like , an arn , if we don 't find him ? That 's about it . Great . Well I think under the circumstances , our little masquerade is over . Under the circumstances , those commandoes are primed to shoot at anything they do not trust . The only thing that is over is our chance to take them by surprise . This is a disaster , Crichton . It is a grave misfortune that that uniform did not fit me . Always a party . Come on , stick with me . You 'll be safer . What is going on ? Surrender yourselves ! More of your prisoners have escaped , Captain . We don 't have time for this . You get into a fire fight , there may be noone left to find the Hynerian . We need them . We take them down , fast . Let 's do it , now ! Ka D 'Argo ! Zotoh Zhaan ! There is a situation aboard this ship which you are unaware of . A situation which threatens all of us . We have an intellant virus aboard . It is using the Hynerian as a host . He has escaped and is hiding somewhere in the ship . If we do not find him , isolate him before this virus has a chance to lay its spores , then we all die . We have to work together on this deal . We search fast and thorough , in pairs . Nobody goes it alone from this moment on . The virus 's best defence is moving from one host , to another one . Nobody 's watching , until nobody knows who it 's in . Then it waits and lays its spores . There 's no way of testing for its presence ? Well the host 's body will show signs of higher acidity , but only after the virus has left . So while the virus is inhabiting , there is no way of telling , until it 's too late . You see the Hynerian , you hit your Comms and stay away from him . No physical contact whatsoever . Believe me , you do not want this thing choosing you to incubate its spores . Right , then . Let 's do it . Pilot ? Yes , Captain . Report . My DRDs have checked all tiers and passageways . No signs of him . I suspect he 's still in the access shaft system Concentrate your search there . As you wish , Captain . Shall we shaft it ? When the virus moves from one host to another , doesn 't the original host remember being infected ? The virus leaves behind a mild hallucinogenic which disrupts the host 's short term memory system , leaving them a little dizzy and confused , but they remember nothing of the experience . My people had an experience with an intellant virus once . An entire exploration colony was destroyed . My mother had family there , but even the Delvian High Council couldn 't do anything about it . Sorry to bore you . Come on , Pip ! When you first found this thing , why didn 't you kill it when you had a chance ? That wasn 't the mission . The mission was to capture one alive . That 's what my team and I have spent the better part of a cycle doing out here . Well , what 's left of my team . Why would anybody want this thing alive ? Study it . Tame it if they can . When you release a cloud of intelligent , controlled viruses among your enemy , a few arns later their entire army 's now working for you . Alright . Capturing one , is clearly a suicide mission . It was a challenge . A challenge ? A challenge that has cost you three members of your crew . Four . And it may cost a lot more than that before we capture it again . You first . You have the weapon . You first . We 've got to find Rygel soon . The arn 's almost up . How does a damn virus get to be so smart , anyway ? What 's it do ? When we find Rygel , if we find Rygel , we 'd better , find some way to kill the stinking virus without killing him . We 've found him ! Location ! Centre Chamber . On the way ! Stay away from me ! Stay away from me ! I 'm not coming out of here until you tell me what the yotz is going on ! Well , he is trapped but you don 't have a very clear shot . If ... I miss , it takes this Stasis Gun several microts to recharge . We don 't have several microts . Why not just use a regular pulse rifle ? No ! No ! I 've got to take him alive . What the yotz are you going to do with that ? Certainly sounds like the Hynerian . It 's supposed to . That 's exactly what the virus does . Listen to me ! Let me explain ! I wasn 't the only one there ! Listen to me ! I know the guilty party and ... Hit him He 's down . Alright , let 's get him out of there into the containment box down below , now . I must formulate some sort of antibody that 'll kill the virus without killing Rygel . This is why you should be in the Transport Hangar working with your apothecary and not in a locked cell . And what if you don 't ? You might kill Rygel . You might think your magic pill worked , and then Rygel 's up walking around the ship , coughing up the spores , cats and dogs living together . No , no . Our only chance is to talk to the Peacekeeper , Science Officer . What 's her name , the one with the nice lips . Hassan . If anybody knows about an antibody , it will be her . And D 'Argo , forget about the use of force . Do you think you can make Hassan tell you about the antibody ? Name me the Peacekeeper you 've met who 'd give a royal dren if you stuck a charged pulse rifle to their head . But John , we are on a direct course for the Peacekeeper base . And I would rather not be locked in a cell when we arrive . And I say , we need to find out about the base . We have the time . Let 's use it . Let 's not blow it by going around the ship waving guns about . The antibody , is top priority . Look , as soon as I leave here , I 'm going straight to hot lips . Trust me . I came to see if you needed a hand . - Doesn 't look like you do . - No . I reckon not . Right , then ! So , what happens to the Hynerian once the virus has been leached out of him ? He doesn 't know this , but he 's already spoken his dying words . It 's not a pretty process . You know , I talk about the challenge of bringing in this fugitive virus , but , numerically speaking , I 'd have to say it 's winning . You know this may sound funny , but , you ever think about going Special Ops ? Me ? I 've seen you in action . What are you doing in Ustar Regiment ? You 're being wasted there . You 're wasting yourself there . Plus , I ... I like the idea of having you nearby . Bad timing . Let 's just get this assignment closed down . No , it isn 't that . Look , I know you 've got your Captain to consider , and High Command 's going to have plenty to say on the subject . But if you and I get some time at the Gammak Base , maybe we can sit down , talk about it . Captain ! Lieutenant . This is quite a collection of herbs and spices . Who uses them ? No one , now . I have no idea , who was aboard prior to this technician . Well , it 's a fascinating accumulation from so many different worlds They believe that the virus is still inside Rygel . Yes , but they also think there 's no test to be certain . Pilot said you wanted to see me ? Yes . Tell me , how are you feeling ? I 'm fine . Any dizziness ? No . Well , yeah , a little , but , how did you know that ? Here , lick this . What ? That 's your bed cover . Is everybody aboard this ship , kinkoid ? This material contains litmus fibres . Now just lick it ! Acid . You had the virus in you . What ? Are you tinked ? When the virus leaves its hosts , it leaves behind a telltale acidity . - Don 't you think I 'd remember if I had some sort of ... - No , no , you wouldn 't . If the virus is no longer in Rygel , then it must be in somebody else . Pilot , you reported an increase in speed . Yes , Lieutenant . The Captain is accelerating our approach towards the coordinates given to me by Captain Larraq . Is that the case , Captain ? It is , Lieutenant . I want us at that Gammak base and that bug off my ship as fast as possible . I couldn 't agree more What are you doing accelerating ? I am doing exactly what a commander in my position would do . These commandoes are not stupid . I 'm doing my part . You do yours . Get the damned information . It 's ... a rather large galaxy , Captain . How did you ever manage to find something , as tiny as a virus ? Perseverence . - Larraq , about the Gammak Base we 're .. - You must be a very , patient man . Very , methodical man . I 'm a good tracker . Oh , I 'd say ... a great tracker . Captain ? The Maintenance Bay . Lieutenant Hassan , she 's dead . Executed . The Stasis gun is destroyed . Nobody move ! No ! The virus is still loose ! I believe it 's in Crichton . Oh , no ! What 's going on ? Don 't move ! Are you people crazy ? What 's everybody looking at ? What 's everybody lookin ' at ! The virus . John , it 's in one of us . Move yourself away ! - Shut up ! - Stay back ! - Drop your weapon now ! - Shut up ! Shut up ! All of you , shut up ! Somebody talk to me . The virus was inside of you and now it is inside one of them . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . What do you mean , the virus was in me ? It wasn 't ever in Rygel . It was in Chiana . She passed it to you . I don 't remember a thing . And you won 't . Neither will you , John . - It 's part of the virus 's defences . - Wait , wait , wait , wait , - What 's this ' John ' dren ? - That topic is off at the moment , Captain . - If indeed you are the Captain . - Stop . Just shut up . The virus was inside Chiana ? Her body 's acidity was abnormally high . That is the sign - Can the virus re-enter someone after it 's left them ? - No . - Good . - Chiana , over here . - Hey , wait a second . Who are you ? - Off topic , Captain , remember ? Okay , so the virus is inside of one of you , and you 've all got guns . Great ! We will shoot at it if it starts shooting and kill it where it stands . That 's only mildly comforting , Aeryn , since the virus 'll probably start shooting first . - I say we cut the odds and smoke ' em all right now . - Yeah ? How do we know it isn 't in you ? Maybe what you really want is to cut the competition . How do we know it isn 't you Captain ? Twisted as it sounds , what we have right here is exactly what we need : guns in a lot of hands , pointed in every direction . What about that freezo gun you had ? You destroyed it ! What we need is some way to kill the virus , now , while we 've got it trapped here . Yes , an antibody . - Zhaan said that she could make one . - You willing to try that ? I 'm willing to try anything . - You realise I don 't have the components I once did . - Just keep working , Zhaan . I figure with such high acidity , I need something that will adjust the body 's alkaline levels , and bump up each species ' natural immune system . Yeah well , whatever it is , you 're taking it first . Lighten up . You didn 't do it . Well you did , but ... it wasn 't really you . Ready . I know . Me first . How will we know it has worked ? An acid-based lifeform would have a noticeable reaction to this level of alkaline , even if it doesn 't kill it . Well , you all saw the components that I put in . Right . Over here . Okay . Who 's next ? I will . Told you . Do it ! - It 's the Luxan ! - It 's him . Do it now ! Put that weapon down right now ! Put your weapon down ! Shoot him now ! What are you waiting for ? - I am telling you to drop your weapon ! - Alright , do it ! Come on , just do it . So we can prove it 's him and we can kill him . Come on . Eenie , meanie , minie . D 'Argo . Pilot ! I 've been monitoring . DRDs are searching . Cut him off . Don 't let him off this tier . Closing access points , Now . Larraq ? Not exactly . But this shell of his is going to get me onto that Peacekeeper base . Stay back ! I learned a lot from the time I spent inside you . You fugitives want to stay away from that Peacekeeper base as badly as I want to get there . So here 's what we 're going to do . You 're going to let me into that Marauder ship without , any , interference . And then you 're free to blast yourselves as far from here as you want . If the virus is allowed to spawn , it could contaminate thousands of species , before it 's able to be contained again . I 'm sorry . Is that a problem ? Crichton , you just do what you have to do ! This Larraq guy , he really liked you . A lot . Aeryn ! No ! No ! God ! You go ! Go after him ! The virus can 't reinfect you ! Go ! - Go ! - No ! Zhaan ! Chiana ! Larraq is headed towards the Transport Hangar . Zhaan , I need you down here , Tier Seven , hamman side passageway . Come on , quick ! Hurry ! Hurry ! The Transport Hangar . - Pilot , seal the outer transport doors . - No ! - Pilot , is that ship still leaking cesium fuel ? - Yes . Then let him go . Pilot , standby for Starburst . - Moya is in no condition to Starburst . - Not full Starburst , just the first stage . And I want this ship nose to tail where she is , one hundred and eighty degrees , right now ! On my command ... Now ! Boom ! Relax . You 'll soon be back to normal . Will I ? Well , I don 't think I 'll ever recover from that infernal inferno contraption . There aren 't enough cold towels in the universe for a start . Perhaps we should lock you up in a refrigeration unit for a few arns . At least then we won 't have to listen to your incessant whining . Oh , such sympathy Of course , I should expect nothing less from you . You can expect less than nothing from me . You conspired to open that crate . Anything that happens to you now you brought upon yourself . I 'm sure he has learnt his lesson , D 'Argo . I see you have removed the chains from your cell . And I will take great pleasure in destroying them . If there is one thing I have learnt from this fiasco it 's that I will never be chained up again . I pray that will be the case . You can pray all you like . I was expressing a fact , not a hope . I understand your pain , D 'Argo . It must have been a difficult deception to carry out . Difficult ? Difficult ? Any deception where I end up boxed on slow bake like some ugarian table spud is an outright failure ! 'Course I knew from the start that Crichton 'd never pull it off . Really ? Yet you let him lock you in your cell while an unknown amount , of Peacekeepers were allowed on board . Very interesting . Perhaps next time we will follow a plan of your devising . Yes , perhaps we will . Next time . I pray there will never be a next time . Welcome back . You know , for a while there , Zhaan wasn 't too sure you were going to make it . What 's happened to the virus ? It 's dead . So is Larraq . He stabbed me , didn 't he ? Yeah . You got lucky . He missed your heart . Closer than you think . So , the Peacekeeper Base We 're getting as far away from it as we can . It 's ... it 's still out there . It 's ... it 's still out there . We don 't know why . What are you doing in here , anyway ? Oh , I just wanted to ... You know ... be there ... Thank you . Don 't mention it . Why would I ever mention it ?
