 We shouldn 't be here . Don 't worry . Nobody saw us leave . Hey , I need that . What if somebody tries to call ? Shh . What was that ? Don 't worry . Come here . Captain 's Log , supplemental . After two weeks , we 're close to repairing the Varro 's warp drive . Then there 's the Varro crew . I 'm starting to think they 'd rather give up warp travel than accept help from strangers . I thought we agreed Central Control would be off-limits . We did , but I need to access your warp assembly . That technology 's classified . We have to reconfigure the assembly if we 're going to finish this job . Then consider it finished . We 've come this far ... You 've turned our ship upside down for two weeks . I 've yet to see any results . You might check the antimatter injectors . Back on line . All you need now is a jolt of antimatter from Voyager 's engines and you 'll be back in business , but I need access to your warp assembly . You know , I can understand why you 're distrustful of other species . Frankly , we 've had a rough time in the Delta Quadrant ourselves , but our two species have made remarkable progress , working together to repair your engines . We 've come a long way since you ignored our opening hails . Let 's not throw all that away . I 'll admit we do share some things in common . We 're both on long journeys , looking for allies . In many ways , we 're like cousins . " Cousins " ? Well , distant cousins- - think about it . 400 years ago , you started out the same way we did- - a single starship , a small crew , facing the unknown and now , centuries later , you 've grown into a generational ship with a history and culture all your own . When I look at your vessel , I can 't help but wonder if I 'm seeing Voyager 's future . Our journey could easily last several generations . So , what do you say ... cousin ? You can access the warp assembly from here . Thank you . Status ? Their plasma couplings are on line . We 're ready for the antimatter transfer . Then let 's get started . Janeway to Voyager . Status ? Ready here , Captain . lnitiate the transfer . Warp reactors 1 through 14 are coming on line . It 's working . Keep your fingers crossed . For luck . If you 're planning on leaving through the viewport , you might want to get dressed . The interstellar vacuum might get a little chilly . What ? Oh . Funny . Come back to bed . I can 't sleep . Cuddle . I can 't cuddle . I told you we 're not going to get caught . If someone had seen us , they would 've reported it by now . I 'm violating about half a dozen regulations by just being in this room , and what we did earlier ... I don 't know if Starfleet even has a regulation for that . What are you saying ? Making love is a crime in your culture ? Yes ! No . What I 'm saying is it 's a breach of protocol . How romantic . The Captain instructed all away teams- - no personal interaction with the Varro crew . I violated a direct order . Come back to bed . That 's an order . Are all humans so jumpy ? No . Only me . The warp engines . They started the plasma transfer . We 've got to get down there . We 're late . What are you waiting for ? To see what you look like in my uniform . You don 't understand . If I 'm not at my post ... You 'll be executed . Funny . We better go in separately . Impressive . Just trying to orchestrate the antimatter flow . You should try some Chopin when you 're done . Look who showed up for the final movement . Excuse me ? Just a little late for the joke as well as the job . I was checking the manifolds in Segment 22 . Warp reaction 's destabilizing . Tal ? I can 't find the problem . We 're less than a minute away from multiple core breaches . Abort the transfer . So much for finger crossing . B 'Elanna . I 'm reading microfractures all over the hull . Why couldn 't we detect that before ? Good question . We 'll have to check the hulls on each of your vessel 's segments . But that 'll take days . The sooner we start , the sooner we finish . Friendly people . They 've had a lot of bad experiences with other species . Well , I don 't know . It seems like your first contact went pretty well . What 's that supposed to mean ? I 'm just wondering where you disappeared to today . I told you . I was checking the plasma conduits in ... ln Segment 22 . I know . They must have sonic showers over there . You 're a lot cleaner than you were when you left . You are such a lousy liar . Haven 't you learned anything from me after five years ? She 's cute . Who ? That assistant engineer , Tal . Cute enough . Oh , here we go again . What ? ! You . Going after impossible women- - a hologram , an ex-Borg , the wrong twin , and now a girl from a xenophobic species ? You 're right . You 're absolutely right . I 'm putting her out of my mind . I promise . Good . Glad to hear it . I 'm due back on the Bridge . See you in the morning . Computer , open a channel to Varro ship , Segment 16 , Station 204 . Encode transmission with security protocol Alpha-7 . Channel open . What took you so long ? I 've been waiting 22 minutes for you to call . I was testing myself , seeing how long l could resist calling you . And ? I lasted 22 minutes . Should I feel complimented or insulted ? Since this is the first chance I 've had to open a com-link ... complimented . So ... you liked what happened . Yeah . A lot . Enough to try it again ? Absolutely , but I 've got to be honest . I wasn 't expecting something so ... different . Neither was I . Our species look so similar . Well , at least on the surface . I would 've never guessed when it came down to the basics ... well , let 's just say , the birds and bees would be very confused . " Birds and bees " ? I 'm telling you , you should take a look at their database . They 've got some pretty amazing stuff on that ship . Stuff . Well , their environmental control systems , for instance- - it 's completely regenerative . Zero waste . Impressive . It can be programmed to create almost any habitat . If you wanted to , you could recreate Vulcan in your quarters with that system . Why would I want to ? A little taste of home in the Delta Quadrant ? Think about it- - springtime on the shores of Lake Yuron . I require a desk and a bed , nothing more . You 're missing the point . No doubt . These people have been traveling for 400 years . They 've learned a thing or two about living comfortably . Our systems are more than adequate . I give up . After only two minutes ? Tuvok , how do you do it ? I wait until his own illogic overwhelms him . I 'm detecting an unauthorized transmission . Origin ? Unknown . It 's been encoded . Find out where it 's going . Where would you most like to be right now ? Besides your quarters ? Besides my quarters . On a distant moon , where the air is warm and the gravity is light . No bulkheads around me . Where , if I walk too quickly , I can almost fly . I like that . What about you ? Where would you most want to be right now ? Besides your cabin ? Besides my cabin . Sorry. I can 't come up with anything better than your cabin . And what would you do if you were here ? Now ? This very moment . I 'd ask you to dim the lights . And what if I said ... no ? Okay . So , we leave the lights on . The message has been sent to the Varro ship . Segment 16 . Living quarters . Uh , Commander ? I think I can track that down for you . Hold on . Something 's wrong . I 'm losing the signal . Tal ? The transmission has ended . If it was a transmission . Could have just been a glitch in the com system . Run a diagnostic . Finding the source of these structural problems isn 't going to be easy . They 've already scanned most of their ship and come up empty . I 'm hoping we 'll do a better job . We should form smaller teams to maximize efficiency . Agreed . We 'll work in pairs . Now , what I 'd like to do is start with their reactor room where we first detected the problem ... You owe me . What ? Eyes front . Last night I had to sabotage the com system to cover your tracks . You called her , didn 't you ? Guilty . How long has this been going on ? The truth . From the moment we first saw each other . It was like touching an open plasma relay . Hmm . Sounds serious . Maybe it is . Has it occurred to you that you 're breaking a few dozen protocols ? We know what we 're getting into . Do you ? Our duty assignment . We 're to survey the generational ship from Astrometrics . Teams Alpha and Gamma have finished scanning Sections 1 through 64 . Kind of puts a Borg cube to shame , doesn 't it ? The vessel 's technology is impressive , but its construction is haphazard . I guess they sort of improvised as they went along . Seven , you 've been around humans for a while now . What do you think about love ? We 're scanning for microfractures . I don 't see the relevance . Just curious . Parental love , romantic love , affection between friends . Specify . Romantic love . An attraction based on sexual desire , one that facilitates procreation . I guess I 'm asking the wrong person . Not at all . The Borg have referenced this condition in over 6,000 assimilated species . " Condition " ? You make it sound like a disease . Physiologically , it bears a striking similarity to disease . A series of biochemical responses that trigger an emotional cascade , impairing normal functioning . Forget it . Are you in love , Ensign ? I guess that 's what I 've been asking myself . You 're glowing . I beg your pardon ? Your epidermis luminesced . Huh ... Must be the lighting in here . No , it was you . You should report to Sick Bay . It 's nothing . You must comply . Lie still . I feel fine . No doubt you 're feeling wonderful . Your beta endorphins are abnormally elevated . Really ? You 've been spending a lot of time on the generational ship . Do you recall coming into contact with any toxins ? Antimatter radiation ? No . Maybe something in one of their medical bays- - a biological agent ? No . Did you consume any of their cuisine ? No . Doctor , there is unusual synaptic activity in his cerebral cortex . No kidding . This could be the work of an alien virus . We 'll have to initiate full quarantine protocols . Inform the Captain and request a bio-alert . Wait . There 's no need for that . I can explain . I 'm listening . Could you give us some privacy ? If there is the possibility of an epidemic the Doctor may require my assistance . There isn 't and he won 't . Please . Last night , I had an ... encounter with one of the Varro . Encounter ? A ... personal encounter . Specifically ? Sex . We had sex . You had intimate contact with an alien species without medical clearance ? It was in the heat of the moment . I didn 't think anything like this would happen . Correction . If you 'd been thinking , you would have considered the risks and exercised restraint . Sit down . You 'll need a full biomedical workup , and your " friend " will have to come in as well . Do we have to drag her into this ? It is my medical responsibility , which , I 'm sorry to say , also requires me to report this to the Captain . I expected more from you . I 'm sorry . I ... don 't know what I was thinking . Don 't you ? I 've seen Tal . She 's an impressive young woman , beautiful , but that 's no excuse to ignore your obligations as a Starfleet officer . Yes , ma 'am . There 's a reason you took a semester of interspecies protocol at the Academy . There 's also a reason why the Handbook on Personal Relationships is three centimeters thick . " All Starfleet personnel must " obtain authorization from their CO " as well as clearance from their medical officer " before initiating an intimate relationship with an alien species . " Bravo . Unfortunately , your recitation comes a little late . According to the Doctor , your condition isn 't life-threatening . There 's no reason to confine you to Sick Bay , but I do agree with his recommendation to run full bio-scans on both you and Tal . And her people need to be told , so they can evaluate any bio-threat you might 've introduced into their population . We 're trying to help these people , Ensign , earn their trust . I was even hoping they might return the favor , share their technology , their insights into long-term space travel , but your little escapade put that in jeopardy . Permission to speak freely . With all due respect ... this wasn 't a fling . I 've really gotten to know Tal , and I 've developed true feelings for her . Noted . But there are regulations , and you 've broken them . I 'm entering a formal reprimand into your record and I 'm ordering you to break off this relationship . Do you understand ? Yes , ma 'am . Dismissed . Commander , I wanted to share a few security concerns . A few days ago , I noticed some Mess Hall supplies had disappeared- - liquid nutriments , emergency rations , nothing to warrant a Red Alert , but ... I took the liberty of investigating on my own . Take a look at this . Unauthorized use of the Mess Hall replicator is hardly a felony . It wasn 't just unauthorized . Someone accessed the ship 's environmental controls from that station . Life support was routed to Jefferies Tube G-33 , Deck 15 . Isn 't that section normally uninhabited ? Whoever did this , encoded the procedure so it wouldn 't be detected . It appears we have intruders . It looks like a Varro scanning device . Breathable oxygen is confined to this chamber and the area immediately behind this hatch . Stand back . Come in . Work ? No. I 'm just tormenting myself with what-ifs . What if I had the chance to actually see that pulsar field , go there instead of just squinting at it through long-range sensors ? Too far off your course , huh ? Too close to an inhabited planet . " They might make contact with us . " " lt 's too dangerous . " It 's always the same thing . The mighty generational ship . All we do is run away from anything that 's different . But that 's going to change . I 'm afraid I 've got some bad news . I , uh ... I can 't see you anymore . Captain 's orders . How did she find out ? Something happened to me this morning . I had a strange sensation , and then my skin luminesced , just like last night . That shouldn 't have happened . Our species are too dissimilar . What shouldn 't have happened ? We call it olan 'vora ... " the shared heart . " When two of us merge ... You know the biological connection we had last night ? It becomes stronger . It won 't hurt you , Harry , but it will change you . It 'll change both of us ... bring us closer . So , can this process be reversed ? In time ... if we stay away from each other , but if we don 't ... the more we 're together , the harder it will be to stop it . But then , you have your orders . Orders . It 's an old story . Boy meets girl from the wrong side of the galaxy . Boy loses girl . And girl loses boy . It 's not like we didn 't know this was going to end . At least we had two weeks . Two great weeks . Good-bye , Harry . Bye . Are you really going to let me leave ? If that 's what you want . It 's not . Welcome aboard . Normally we like to know something about our guests before we invite them to join us . Care to tell us how you got here ? Through a docking port . Your entry would have triggered an intruder alert . Your technology is easy to circumvent . It doesn 't matter how I got here . I 'm not going back . That remains to be seen . You haven 't explained your reasons for leaving the generational ship . I 'm not a criminal , if that 's what you think . If you leave me at the next inhabited system , I 'll manage from there . Your next stop is the brig unless you answer my questions . I came aboard four days ago with one of the work details . Why ? Our ship 's not the paradise our leaders make it out to be . There are thousands of us who feel like prisoners , and ... others who ... Continue . There are ... rumors of a movement ... people who want to leave the ship . Some of them are willing to take violent action . Can you be more specific ? This is a trick . A trick ? You 're trying to get me to expose the movement . Our leaders put you up to this . On the contrary . We haven 't even told them we found you . You 're lying . I don 't have time for a debate . You asked for asylum , fine . I 'll consider it , but only if you answer my questions . What movement ? Contact the Varro authorities . Let them know we 've found one of their people , and take him to the brig . You can tell the authorities that I 'm not the only one . There are hundreds more like me . Learn anything about this supposed uprising ? Jippeq said the rumors are just that- - rumors- - but he 's questioning our stowaway just to be certain . New protocols for working with the Varro . After the incident with Ensign Kim , they insisted we keep our crews segregated . That 's pretty severe . Harry violated protocol . Frankly , I understand their position . is that why you came down so hard on him ? A formal reprimand for being intimate with a young woman ? I know it seems a little extreme ... but I wanted to leave a lasting impression . Chalk it up to growing pains . Well , he looks pained , all right . Until now , he 's had a spotless record . Maybe you should reconsider . What are you implying ? Are you angry because Harry disobeyed orders or because he let you down ? I set the same standards for all my officers . If I object to one of your decisions , you 'll hear me out ... even insist I speak up . You 're my First Officer . He 's an Ensign . He hasn 't earned the right to question my orders whatever his personal views . I see . Engineering to the Captain . Yes ? We found something . On my way . Do your officers make a habit of seducing the species they encounter ? Certainly not , but it 's my understanding that this relationship was consensual . I find that difficult to believe . We don 't share your cavalier attitude toward intimacy . Our attitude is anything but cavalier . Ensign Kim has already been reprimanded . What about Tal ? What happens to her ? In our society , mating is taken very seriously . When two people choose each other , the bonding is permanent . They become biochemically linked . Separation is rare . It induces illness , sometimes fatal . What 's to become of Tal when your Ensign flies off in search of his next conquest ? Captain . You found something ? We 've detected microfractures in one of Voyager 's docking ports . Microfractures ? That 's the same problem we 've been having . A coincidence ? I had suspicions that it wasn 't . Seven confirmed them . Observe . Silicon-based parasites which feed on duranium alloys . Apparently , they began replicating on the Varro ship 's hull several months ago and then migrated to Voyager . We analyzed them and found artificial gene sequences . The parasites are synthetic . They may have been created by someone aboard your vessel . Sabotage ? I don 't believe it . Perhaps not everyone is content to be in your collective . Tal , are you there ? Harry ? I can 't keep this com-link open . Where are you ? By my computer . Okay . Get ready for a ride . I 'm locking on . A ride ? Where are we ? A shuttlecraft . Shuttlecraft ? A short-range vessel . We use it for away missions . We can go anywhere we want ? Anywhere . For a while anyway . I 'm not due back on Voyager until 1900 hours . They think I 'm still out repairing a hull fracture . I finished early . You 're a fugitive now . How many protocols did you break this time ? Let 's see ... unauthorized use of a shuttlecraft ... kidnapping ... Direct violation of the Captain 's orders ... I must be crazy . I like you crazy . Navigation ? Oh , careful . That 's the weapons array . You know , you almost vaporized your living quarters . Well , they could use a good cleaning . Let 's go somewhere . Where ? There 's a nebula about 300,000 kilometers from here . I 've been watching it on the sensors for the past few days . Oh , I would love to see it with my own eyes . Have a seat . Look at this- - a subspace vacuole near the center of the cloud . It must act as a gravitational anchor . There 's so much data here , it 'll take weeks to analyze . Do you have a storage device ? We need to download these readings . What ? I 've just never seen anyone so excited about a class-3 nebula before . Maybe you 've been taking them for granted . Maybe I have . Don 't stop . You 're beautiful when you 're scanning . is that what you say to every girl you take for a ride ? I bet you 've left a trail of broken hearts across the Delta Quadrant . Actually ... Problem ? Stray radiation from the nebula . I thought it was the proximity alarm . You said we had a couple of hours . No one 's going to come looking for us . Oh , you don 't know Commander Tuvok . If he sees one electron out of place , he calls for Red Alert . Here we are alone , and all I can think about is duty and orders . Those things are important . I think about them , too . But sometimes you need to follow a different kind of protocol . If you believe in something strongly enough , you can 't ignore it ... even if it means breaking a few rules . That 's why I took this shuttle , but every time I break a rule , I feel like my skull is going to decompress . I 'm like some kind of ... Borg drone- - programmed- - except I was designed to be the perfect Starfleet officer . Top of his class ... captain of the velocity team , interstellar honors . First field assignment- - Bridge officer on a starship . Every cadet 's dream come true . You 're not a program . In fact , I envy your freedom . I mean , your crew 's mission- - to seek out life ... what could be more liberating ? You explore the unknown . Don 't be afraid to explore what 's happening between us . Oh , no . The Delta Flyer . Commander Tuvok ? We 're being hailed . Well , you better answer them before they open fire . Kim here . Ensign , you are in direct violation of the Captain 's orders . Return to Voyager immediately and bring Derran Tal with you . Yes , sir , but why bring Tal ? She 's wanted by the Varro authorities regarding an act of sabotage . There 's no point in lying . We found a schematic for the parasite on your personal database . You realize this could destroy our ship , our home ? To some of us , it 's more like a prison . So you 've resorted to sabotage , no doubt involving him . Mr. Kim 's complicity remains to be proven . He had nothing to do with our movement . " Movement " ? Tell them . It 's none of their concern . If you want our help , you 'll need to explain . She 's referring to a small group of dissidents ... lt 's not a small group . There are hundreds of us . What are you trying to achieve ? Our freedom- - the right to live as we choose , to go where we choose . How will you accomplish that if your vessel is destroyed ? We 're not trying to destroy it . We 're trying to dismantle it . The parasites weren 't placed randomly . They 're targeting the linkages between segments . Each segment will become its own ship . People can decide whether to go or stay . You 're destroying the work of every generation that came before you . Our ship isn 't just a collection of modules . It 's an expression of unity , tradition . For the sake of our history , we must respect the rights of ... Of the majority . Yes . What about the rights of the minority ? Tal ... if those segments come apart , there could be decompressive explosions ... most likely casualties . is that what you want ? You know more about the parasites than we do . You could help us . Captain , she 's a criminal . And maybe your only chance of stopping a catastrophe . Set up a datalink with Voyager . We 'll do what we can from our end . Tal ... I 'll help you slow down the parasites , so you can evacuate the segments in danger ... nothing more . Let 's get started . Captain ... Stow it , Ensign . Right now , the only thing standing between you and the brig is this report . The Doctor 's bio-scans confirm that you and Tal have developed some sort of biochemical bond . Clearly , it 's affected your behavior , so I have to assume that 's why you disobeyed my orders . Report to Sick Bay . You 'll be confined there until this is over . Captain ! I told you to report for treatment ! I don 't want treatment ! In my ready room . You 've got 30 seconds before I have Tuvok drag you to Sick Bay . Captain , I am not sick . I didn 't disobey your orders because I 'm under some alien influence . I disobeyed your orders because Tal and I are in love , and it 's not right for you to keep us apart . Listen to yourself . You don 't sound anything like the Harry Kim I know . Good. I have served on this ship for five years and said , " yes , ma 'am " to every one of your orders , but not this time . You 're willing to risk your rank , your career over this ? Have you ever been in love , Captain ? Your point ? Did your skin ever flush when you were near another person ? Did your stomach ever feel like someone hollowed it out with a knife when you were apart ? Did your throat ever swell when you realized it was over ? Seven of Nine ... Seven of Nine told me love 's like a disease . Well , maybe it is- - pheromones , endorphins , chemicals in our blood changing our responses , physical discomfort , but any way you look at it , it 's still love . For the sake of argument , let 's say you 're right . Your feelings for Tal are no different than mine for- - what ? The man I was engaged to marry ? Well , I lost him , and you 're going to lose Tal . You know that . What the Doctor is offering you is a way to ease the pain . That man you were going to marry- - if you could have just taken a hypospray to make yourself stop loving him so that it didn 't hurt so much when you were away from him , would you have done that ? Captain to the Bridge . We 're detecting structural breaches on the Varro ship . Take your station . Their shields are weakening . One of the junctions is about to decompress . On screen . Mr. Paris , release the docking clamps . Back us away . Docking controls are off-line . I can 't break us free . Their shields are continuing to weaken . The superstructure will collapse in less than three minutes . If that happens while we 're still docked ... Keep trying to break free . Janeway to Varro control room . What 's your status ? Tal was able to slow the parasites ' growth with a polaron surge , but the junctions are still destabilizing . How much longer until you 've evacuated the affected areas ? We need another two minutes at least . I 've got the docking controls back on line . lnitiate decompression sequence . Wait. lf we stay where we are , and extend Voyager 's structural integrity field around the Varro ship , we could buy them another minute or two . They could finish the evacuation . However , if an explosion occurs while both ships are inside the field , neither vessel will survive . We can do it , Captain . Keep us where we are . Janeway to Engineering . Torres here . Divert all available power to the integrity field and extend it around the Varro ship . Understood . Voyager is reinforcing our shields . Surprising , isn 't it ? A ship of outsiders risking their lives to save ours . They 're unusual people . Or maybe the galaxy isn 't as hostile as you think . All junctions are clear . What are you waiting for ? Tell Voyager to move away . I 'm initiating another polaron surge . We can destroy these parasites . It 's too late . You 'll only destroy Voyager along with our ship . Let them go . Let us go . Tal to Voyager . The evacuation 's complete . Disengage your structural field and move to a safe distance . Releasing docking clamps . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Most of the Varro have opted to stay together traveling in separate ships , but the dissident group has been granted permission to break away and find their own path . We wish them luck . Come in . I wasn 't sure I 'd see you again . The Captain gave me permission to say good-bye . How are you feeling ? Lovesick . Me , too . Will you manage ? We have medications . I 'll recover eventually . So , where are you going ? The Natori system . A pair of binary stars caught in each other 's gravity . We passed within a parsec three months ago , and now we 're going back for a real look . Do me one favor . Anything . Next time you run across a class-3 nebula , think of me . Chronic sleep loss , acute gastroenteritis- - you must feel awful , yet you 're still refusing treatment ? Captain , just the person I wanted to see . This nonsense has gone on long enough . Order Mr. Kim to take his medicine . is his condition fatal ? That 's hardly the point . Will he recover without taking his medicine ? Yes , but it could take weeks , even months . Well , then , if Mr. Kim wants to suffer ... Sometimes I think everyone on this ship has been possessed by alien hormones . Would you excuse us , please ? Thank you . Oh , don 't thank me . I have no intention of relieving you of your duties , no matter how lousy you feel . I understand . And the reprimand still stands . I 've been thinking about how I reacted to your relationship with Tal . You reacted like any Captain would . Probably , but I can 't help wondering if my response would have been the same if it had been , say , Tom Paris instead of you . Oh , don 't get me wrong . I still would have been angry and disappointed , but ... I wouldn 't have been surprised . Because Ensign Kim doesn 't break the rules . The truth is , Harry ... I think about you differently than the rest of the crew . Which isn 't to suggest that I don 't care deeply about each of them , but ... you came to me fresh out of the Academy , wide-eyed with excitement about your first deep space assignment . From that first day , I 've always felt more protective of you than the others . I appreciate that ... but that was five years ago . I 've changed . Yes , you have . Maybe I 'm not the perfect officer anymore . Maybe not ... but you 're a better man . Last call . There 's a bowl of soup in storage , and I left the replicator on line . Thanks . Good night . Oh , I was just closing up for the evening , but if you need anything ... I 'm here to see Ensign Kim . Oh . Good luck . Ensign . Hmm ? Thank you . For what ? You completed several of my astrometric scans this morning . You 're welcome . I had some time between duty shifts . Besides , it kept me occupied . You are attempting to distract yourself from your emotional damage . I wish I could say it was working . A treatment to relieve your condition was available and yet you refused . I 've got a disease , but I 'm willing to live with the symptoms . Doesn 't make much sense does it ? I assumed that romantic love was a human weakness , but clearly it can also be a source of strength . Perhaps my analogy was flawed . Love is not a disease . Get well soon .
