 Don 't move ! What 's this ? We found him in the trunks a hundred footfalls past Grove Yellow . Arms ? None , sir . These colors ? We didn 't ask . He 's no Krady beast , is he ? No , sir , but he doesn 't bear Vori colors , either . Hmm ... his glimpse is too tame to be a Kradin . I hadn 't fathomed that , sir . Well , fathom it now . He 's no nemesis , is he ? I 'm not certain what he is , sir . Weren 't you drilled to fathom the nemesis ? Yes , sir . And we abhor none but the nemesis , do we ? No , sir . None but the nemesis . Then set him loose . Didn 't you hear , novice ? Thanks . Go take provisions . I 'm sorry , sir ... Go . I take it you 're in charge here . Team Leader Brone , Fourth Vori Defense Contingent . Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager . Very sorry for my defenders . They 're new to the clash and glimpse the nemesis all around them . The clash ? You 're at war . You 've strayed into the fullness of it . That explains why my shuttle came under fire . One of my defenders glimpsed a vessel falling in Grove Yellow . Must 've been yours . Why fly so close to this sphere ? I was on a survey mission . I picked up traces of omicron radiation in your atmosphere , so I slowed down to take a look . As soon as I did that , I came under attack . I lost helm control and had to make an emergency transport to the surface . It 'll be the Kradin who fired at you . The Kradin ? Our nemesis . I see . Well , I tried to explain that I had no hostile intentions , but they just kept shooting . The nemesis crave supremacy in the air . They fire on any craft that doesn 't show Kradin colors . I tried to contact my ship , but my communicator 's not working . All dispatching in the clash zone has been suppressed . I have to find my vessel . Maybe it 's salvageable . That 's little likely . We 're ordered to cluster with the Seventh Contingent two new lights from now . They 'll have means to signal your people . You can make the walk with us to meet them . I appreciate the offer , but I can 't wait two days . I have to find my vessel now . It wouldn 't be sharp to return to the trunks . The nemesis is everywhere there . Then I 'll have to do my best to steer clear of them . If your tactic won 't change ... lt won 't . It 's sharper to wait for the new light . Then I 'll take your advice and wait . Well done . Provisions ? It 's not so savory . Thanks . I 'm sure it 'll be fine . They call me Rafin . Chakotay . Pleased to meet you . In the trunks , di ... did you glimpse any ? Any what ? Krady beasts . No , I didn 't . Rafin 's never glimpsed the face of the nemesis , either . Have you , Rafin ? No . It 's my first walk in the clash zone . You 'll glimpse them in the soonafter . When you do , you 'll fathom there 's no heart thumping beneath their flesh . How many beasts will you send to the Wayafter , Rafin ? I ... I couldn 't say . Me , I 'll nullify one for each brother and cousin that I 've lost . And then one more after . True or not , my allies ? True . True . So I ask you again , Rafin . How many will you nullify ? As man ... as many as I 'm able . You 've got the trembles . If you don 't wrestle your trembles to rages , ally , the nemesis 'll nullify you . This nemesis of yours- - why do you call them beasts ? It 's told they all wear the same horrid face . Their flesh ... is gnarled and blistery like the rotting trunks . Their glimpses flame like fire . And if you dare near enough , their breath stinks of muck . You know , sometimes people say terrible things about their enemies , to make them seem worse than they really are . There might be some young Kradin soldier out there who 's more afraid of you than you are of him . Nemesis wasn 't scared to fume my village ... nor scared to nullify my cousins and brothers in their sleep . And my old mother 's mother , too ... who never told an unkind word , nor nullified an insect in all her days and nights on this sphere . That 's pretty rough . And who but a Krady beast would leave the nullified bodies of mine and ours upturned ... so they 'll never descend to the gloried Wayafter . What do you mean by " upturned " ? Which of you will walk with Chakotay to find his craft when the new light comes ? I appreciate the offer , but I 'll be fine on my own . You don 't fathom the trunks and you don 't carry arms . One of my defenders will walk with you . Which will it be ? You , Rafin ? S - Sir , I ... I ... I 'll walk with the stranger , sir . If any beast comes to clash , I 'll nullify the beast . Well told , Namon . Now close your glimpses , Defenders ... and dream of your sisters and mothers . Have you never nullified another , stranger ? Killing 's the worst thing I 've ever had to do . Then the nemesis you nullified wasn 't half so beastly as the Kradin . Maybe not . In their glimpses , we 're less than nothing . They flame our homes , take our plantings ... make playthings of our sisters . If you were a Vori , you 'd crave to drive them from this sphere just as I do . Maybe I would if they did things like that to the people I loved . But on the sphere I come from , we try to find other ways to resolve differences- - peaceful solutions , negotiations . You don 't fathom the nemesis . No. I suppose I don 't . Beg the Power you believe in that you never will . The light will be old soon . We 'd be sharp to cluster with the others . In a few minutes . We should be getting close . You 'd be sharp to do my tellings . Go back if you want to . I 've got to keep looking . No , wait . I pledged to walk with you . Glimpse there . Doesn 't look like there 's much left of my shuttle . You 'll have to make the walk with us to the Seventh Contingent . Don 't make me kill you ! How is he ? Nullified . We beg peace from the Power who made us Vori and we commend our brother , Namon , to the gloried Wayafter . What 's this ? Namon 's coverings . Shouldn 't they go to his family or someone he was close to ? It 's a long walk to the clustermark . It 's sharper to blend with the trunks . Your fleet colors will get us all nullified . I 'm sorry about what happened to Namon . The nemesis has nullified mine and ours in the before and will in the now . But in the soonafter ... we 'll send them flying from this sphere and go back to our sisters and mothers . Take it . This isn 't my war . I 'm not planning to shoot anybody . If we greet the nemesis in the trunks , you 'll fire like the rest . As long as you 're with us , you do my tellings , fathom ? Fathom . Rafin . Yes , sir ? Drill Chakotay to fire Vori arms . Now you . Your glimpse is too low . With these arms , it 's sharper to aim higher than the mark . You 're good . Don 't mock me . I was paying you a compliment . It is one matter to fire at clay marks , but much another to nullify the nemesis . That 's what Namon told , and he told the truth before he went to the gloried Wayafter . He was right . Killing 's not easy . Risking my own days and nights to drive the nemesis from our sphere ... that should be as easy as a long sleep . Who taught you that ? My brothers and uncles who were in the clash ... Brone , my driller ... and Namon , my ally ... who was nullified because of me . You think it 's your fault that Namon died ? If I didn 't have the coward 's trembles , I would have walked with you in the trunks ... and it would be me and not he who went to the Wayafter . You weren 't the one who pulled the trigger , Rafin , and there 's no shame in being afraid of fighting . Having the trembles is natural . How do you fathom that ? Because I 've been in battle before , fighting to free my people from a nemesis called the Cardassians . These Cardassians ... were they beasts ? Let 's just say they weren 't very friendly . The point is , even though I believed in what we were doing , I always felt fear before a fight . But you wrestled your trembles to rages , didn 't you ? I guess I did , but that doesn 't mean ... I was told to drill you , Chakotay , but it 's you who 've drilled me- - drilled me to fathom the rages . Brone . What is it ? I don 't know . Neck - strapped and upturned . Left to be cooked by the glare . He 's one of yours ? By his coverings , he 's of the Seventh Contingent . Likely a scoutwalker . Desecrated by the Kradin . He 'll never turn his face to the Wayafter . We 're 300 footfalls from the clustermark . Signal the Seventh . Again . Why don 't they answer ? is it possible they moved their camp for some reason ? Little likely . You two fastwalk to the clustermark and glimpse what you can . Sir . What ? Let me go . Well told , novice . Keep your top low and your glimpse wide . Sir ! What have you glimpsed ? The Seventh Contingent , sir , nullified . What ? All of them ? At least 20 defenders and that 's not the whole terrible of it . They 're all ... they 're all ... Tell it , Rafin . They 're all how ? Like him , sir . Upturned . Staked to the dirt and upturned . Those motherless Krady beasts . Do you glimpse the fullness of it now , stranger ? Yes. I think I do . Now you fathom why we name them beasts and not men . I 'm sorry . We 're much more than sorry ... aren 't we , Defenders ? Yes , sir ! The nemesis wants your plantings . True . He wants your homes . He wants your sisters , but does it suffice him to nullify you ? No ! No . He craves to shame you , mock you , keep you from the gloried Wayafter ! We 're wearied of it , aren 't we ? Yes , sir ! We 're wrestled to the rages for it , aren 't we ? Yes , sir ! And we 're not going to swallow it- - not in the now , or in the soonafter ! Assault ! Sly yourselves and fire back ! Motherless beasts ! Rafin , no ! Stay down ! I 'll nullify you all ! Hold on . I 'm going to get you out of here . Please ... turn my face to the ... Wayafter . A defender . Mark , neighbors . A defender ! Welcome to Larhana settlement , gloried defender . You 're brightly greeted . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51082 . 4 . After searching for more than two days , we 've finally located what 's left of Commander Chakotay 's shuttle . I can only hope the Commander has fared better than his vessel . According to the Ambassador , Commander Chakotay 's shuttle was hit by enemy fire and crash - landed somewhere on the southernmost continent . Right in the middle of the war zone . I 'm afraid so . Can we get a lock on him ? There 's too much atmospheric radiation from weapons fire . We can 't scan the surface . Which means , we don 't know if he 's still alive . Why don 't we assume that he still is ? I should have gone with him . It 's not your fault , Tom . We couldn 't have anticipated this . What we 've got to do now is figure out how to deal with it . B 'Elanna , try to modify the scanners , cut through the interference . Aye , Captain . Neelix , what do you know about this war ? It 's vicious . Ambassador Treen 's people have been defending themselves against a particularly savage aggressor for more than a decade . is the Ambassador willing to help us find Chakotay ? He 's willing , but he may not be able . His resources are extremely limited and the situation on the surface is chaotic . But he 's assured me that if his troops do find Chakotay , he 'll receive medical attention and be transported to the nearest command post . Let 's hope he doesn 't meet up with these " savage aggressors " first . Captain , let me lead a team down there and bring him back . I understand how you feel , Tom , but let 's take it one step at a time . Tuvok , recontact Ambassador Treen . Ask for any tactical support he 's willing to provide- - maps , weapons analyses , intelligence reports . Before I risk anyone else 's life , I want to know exactly what we 're getting ourselves into . By your coverings , you 're a novice defender . Do I tell the truth ? Listen , there 's been a misunderstanding . I 'm not a defender . My shuttle was shot down by the Kradin and I landed in the clash zone . I met up with one of your patrols . They gave me this uniform . Which Contingent ? The Fourth . The Fourth ? They 're sturdy clashers . Tell us- - did you and your allies drive the nemesis from the trunks ? We put up a brave fight . Then you 're a gloried defender even if you claim not to be . Marna tells the truth , Chakotay . You are welcome among my neighbors . Thank you . That 's very kind . Do you crave anything more ? Drink ? Warm coverings ? What I really need is some communications equipment to contact my crew . We have no means to signal your people . The Kradin drove us from our homes and plantings and took all the machinery we had . Do you know where l might find someplace with communications equipment ? The Restock Unit . Can you tell me how to get there ? It 's not very near- - at least 10 , 000 footfalls through the thick of the trunks . Then I 'd better get started . The new light is coming . Rest till then . Yes , please , Chakotay . Rest until the new light . I think I will . Come , neighbors . Let 's give Defender Chakotay some quiet . I wanted to know if you crave more . No , thank you . Oh . But it was delicious . And the blossoms ? Do you like them ? I planted them myself . They 're very pretty . I 've heard tellings that the Kradin leave our nullied defenders upturned . is it true ? You can tell me . Penno says I 'm too small to be told , but I 'm not . It 's true the Kradin don 't respect your beliefs . The Kradin are beasty . I don 't fathom why they flamed our homes nor why they crave to nully us all . I don 't , either . We never took their plantings . We never nullied their brothers . So why do they hate us ? I wish I could tell you . Hate 's not something I understand very well . My brother 's a defender , too . Really ? He left for the clash two plantings before . I was much smaller then . He was sturdy and pleasing to glimpse in his colors . Like you . Maybe you 've glimpsed him . He 's called Daryo . There are a lot of soldiers in the war . I only met a few of them . He 's a team leader of the Seventh Defense Contingent . The Seventh ? Are you sure he was with the Seventh ? They 're very sturdy in the clash . Have you heard of them ? The patrol I was with was supposed to rendezvous with them . Why didn 't you ? You would have glimpsed him . We were ambushed before we had the chance . But when you go back to the clash likely you 'll glimpse Daryo then . You could take a letter to him . I 'm not going back to the clash zone . I 've got to get to the Restock Unit so I can contact my ship . Then you can bring my letter to the Restock Unit . Likely some defender there can take it to Daryo . Will you do it ? Please ? I 'll go write it now before the new light comes . I wish you a good day . Thank you . Provisions for your long walk . Walk well , Defender Chakotay . Thank you both . You 've all been very kind . Writings for my brother . You 'll be sure he gets them ? I 'll do my best . Your best will be enough . The pretty smell of the blossoms will hold the nemesis far away . Then you 'd better keep one for yourself . Father ! Offer no opposition or you 'll be nullified . No evidence of cellular residue on the shuttle wreckage , so there 's a chance Chakotay survived the crash . Well , unfortunately , the wreckage was found inside enemy territory . So there is also a chance he 's been captured or killed by the nemesis . There you go looking on the bright side again , Tuvok . What 's this " nemesis " ? It is the term Ambassador Treen 's people use to identify their enemy . Apparently , they 're vicious . They shoot without warning , use biochemical weapons , routinely massacre civilians . If we run into them , it 's safe to say they won 't be hanging out a welcome sign . I want a team on the surface as soon as possible . I was hoping you 'd say that . Tuvok , let 's get moving . I must caution you both . My tactical analysis does not bode well for the success of such a mission . Given the situation in the battle zone , there is a very high probability that an away team will sustain heavy casualties . Are you saying we should just abandon Chakotay ? On the contrary . I suppose you 've come up with an alternative plan ? Indeed . I have concluded that the least risky course of action is for a single crew member to make the infiltration , accompanied by a commando unit that Ambassador Treen has agreed to provide . Fine with me . When do I leave ? Something tells me that 's not what Tuvok has in mind . Naturally , I am the logical person to carry out this mission . Naturally . Get down there ! Chakotay ! I heard the explosions . I came back to help . What did the Kradin do to you ? They interrogated me . Where 's your grandfather ? I don 't know . He 's very gray , and his heart 's not sturdy . He needs me to tend him . You ! You ! I want to talk to your superior ! Hey ! I 'm talking to you . I want to know what you 've done with this girl 's grandfather . He 's old and needs medical ... Chakotay ! Penno always tells it 'll be brighter when the new light comes . Your grandfather is a wise man . That 's right . Now get some sleep . You 'll tend me , won 't you ? No matter what comes in the soonafter ? Close your glimpses ... and dream of your gloried brother . Move along , Vori . Don 't shoot . We 're coming . Move along ! Where are they taking them ? I don 't know . They 'll be fastwalked to the extermination facility . Why ? Because they 're gray and too long - lived and the Kradin think them unfit for toiling . They won 't make good servers , like us . Penno ! Penno ! Karya ! Where are they taking you ? Be sturdy , my daughter 's daughter . Who 's going to tend you ? We 'll glimpse each other again in the Wayafter . - Set him loose ! - Karya ! Set him loose ! Be still . Keep your hands off her ! Don 't touch her ! Halt ! What 's the matter , pretty one ? Set my mother 's father loose ! is that the man you mean ? No ! Karya ! Please ! Set him loose ! You don 't want to see him suffer , do you , pretty one ? No . Don 't worry . The old Vori 's suffering 'll be over soon enough . No ! Penno ! Take this screeching waif to the extermination facility . No . Chakotay . Set me loose ! Chakotay , help me ! You motherless beast ! Are Ambassador Treen and his soldiers ready to beam aboard ? Aye , Captain . Energize . Welcome aboard , Ambassador . Thank you for agreeing to help us find our crewman . Your thanks are unnecessary , Captain . Any victim of our bloodthirsty nemesis the Vori will always find friends among the Kradin people . Chakotay ... calm now . I 'll set you loose . Sorry to leave you upturned so long ... but I had to shroud myself in the trunks till the Kradin walked on . The villagers from Larhana settlement ? They were fastwalked through the trunks . And your defenders ? All nullified . Thank you for coming back for me . You put yourself at risk . And you , Chakotay , clashed beside us against the Kradin though you 're a stranger to this sphere . I glimpsed you chancing your days and nights to save Rafin from our nemesis . You tell the truth when you name them beasts . What will you do now that your men are gone ? Join with the Fifth Contingent . They 're trying to free the villagers . It doesn 't go brightly for them . I 'll come with you . No. I 'll bring you to command . You can signal your people . That can wait till the soonafter . In the now ... you need my help to nullify the nemesis . Backwalk ! Backwalk ! The nemesis is nearing ! It 's sharper to backwalk ! Brone ! Vori soldiers ! You are surrounded . Lay down your arms and surrender . Hold your fire ! You 'll have to nullify me first ! Hold your fire , Commander Chakotay . Do not fire , Commander . How do you know my name ? I am Lieutenant Tuvok . Tuvok ? Don 't walk any closer . I 've come to bring you back to Voyager . Nullify him , Chakotay ! It 's a Kradin tactic . I assure you , Commander , this is no ruse . It is Lieutenant Tuvok . Don 't you recognize me ? He 's the nemesis ! You 're a Kradin beast . You destroyed that village , nullified Penno ; took away Karya . She was only a child ! They 've brainwashed you , Commander . Look closer . Try to recall . Your shuttle was shot down . These people- - the Vori- - they captured you . No . They rescued me . That is what they want you to believe . But they have been indoctrinating you , training you to fight their war . Take one more step and I 'll nullify you . You are Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager . You are a scientist , an explorer . You are not a killer . Tuvok . Yes , Commander . How can you wear those colors ? The Kradin ... they 're beasts , murderers . On the contrary- - they are the ones who helped us locate you . We tracked you to a Vori training camp . We infiltrated the facility , but you were gone . They had already brought you here to fight this battle . Before today , nothing you experienced here was real . It is the method the Vori use to conscript and train soldiers . I don 't believe you ! I will prove it to you if you will lower your weapon . Do you recognize this place ? It 's Larhana settlement . A defender . Mark , neighbors ! A defender . Defender . Karya . Welcome to Larhana settlement , gloried defender . You 're brightly greeted . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51096 . 5 . Although Lieutenant Tuvok has managed to bring Commander Chakotay safely back to the ship , it may be some time before his psychological wounds are fully healed . My guess is the Vori used a combination of mind control techniques , including photometric projections , heightened emotional stimuli and highly sophisticated psychotropic manipulation . From the condition of your hypothalamus , I 'd say they had you so mixed up they could have convinced you your own mother was a turnip . Everything I experienced was some sort of simulation ? Except for the battle you were fighting when Tuvok found you . Apparently , attacking the simulated commandant marked your graduation from basic training . And the men I fought beside- - none of them was real ? Namon and Rafin weren 't killed in front of me ? As far as we can tell , they were part of the simulation . The idea was to make you bond with your fellow soldiers as well as the villagers , so their deaths would enrage you . Why me ? Luck of the draw . You happened to be passing through their space and you were as promising a recruit as anyone else . We 've been told the Vori have dozens of these training facilities where they conscript their own people and any aliens they 're able to capture . In short , Commander , you 've been subjected to a highly sophisticated form of propaganda . Then the Kradin don 't kill innocent civilians ? They don 't desecrate the Vori 's dead ? I don 't know . But the Kradin accuse the Vori of the same kinds of atrocities . I cared about the Vori , but I hated the Kradin . I wanted to kill every one of them . Evidently , that was the point . Captain . Ambassador Treen would like to have a word with the Commander . I wish to tell you how pleased our people are to hear of your recovery . I 'm only sorry we weren 't able to rescue you sooner from our nemesis . Have I said something wrong ? I don 't know . If you 'll excuse me , Captain . Chakotay ? I wish it were as easy to stop hating as it was to start .
