 When diplomacy fails , there 's only one alternative- - violence . Force must be applied without apology . It 's the Starfleet way . Then our philosophies are in agreement . Will you help us ? You 're asking me to fight your war , destroy your enemy . I 'm asking you to intimidate the Kyrians with your technology ... help me capture their leader . This ship has superior firepower . He won 't risk a conflict with you . We risk life and limb so your people can annex Kyrian land . Sounds like a good deal for you . What do we get ? A way home . You know more about Voyager than you 've let on . Your reputation in this Quadrant precedes you . That 's why we sought you out . I 'm listening . There 's a cyclic wormhole five days ' journey from here . We know where it is and we can help you stabilize it . If you are lying ... How far do you have to go ? 60 , 000 light - years ? I want all tactical data regarding your little war : Kyrian defenses , the position of your own forces , everything . You 'll have it within the hour . Eight Kyrian fighter - ships approaching . Arm the assault probes . Fire at will . Hail them . Channel open . This is Captain Janeway of the Warship Voyager . Break off your attack , or I 'll destroy you . They are not responding . They 're returning fire . Shields are holding . Chako - tay , any luck tracking down their leader ? Not yet . We think Tedran has gone into hiding . I thought he might . We 'll have to flush him out . What do you suggest ? Biogenic weapons . We 'll infect the most populated Kyrian territories . The Doctor 's nearly done working on the weapon . Our conflict is with Tedran himself , not with his people . They 're innocent . The best way to bring down a ruler is to make his people suffer . - Captain ... - This is no time for half - measures . You wanted victory . You 're going to get it . Bridge to Sick Bay . Status ? We have established a datalink between my neural net and the phaser array . I am reconfiguring the beam to carry a bio - agent into the planet 's atmosphere . When will it be ready ? It is ready now , Captain . Phasers are on line . Target the first city . And fire . The Warship Voyager- - one of the most powerful vessels of its time . Armed with photonic torpedoes and particle weapons , this ship of destruction could wipe out an entire civilization within hours . On this particular day in history , we were lucky . The death toll could 've been much worse . By the time Voyager targeted our major cities , Tedran had already begun an evacuation . Thousands of lives were saved . Unfortunately , it was only the beginning of Captain Janeway 's onslaught . As you 'll see , her actions would have a lasting effect on our world . Even today , 700 years later , we are still feeling the impact of the Voyager encounter . Before we continue the simulation , I 'd like to answer any questions you might have . I 'm curious about Voyager itself . How many people were on board ? We believe they had a complement of over 300 soldiers . Did they attack other worlds , as well ? Well , we aren 't certain . Records of Voyager 's travels through our Quadrant are incomplete , but it 's safe to assume that they interfered with many other cultures , yes . Tell us more about the Borg drones they kept on the ship . Voyager had many weapons at their disposal , including species they 'd assimilated along the way : Borg , Talaxian , Kazon . They were captured and made to work as part of Voyager 's fighting force . Let 's resume the simulation , and you can see for yourself . It 's a few hours after the initial bombardment . Janeway and her squadron are on the Bridge , mounting their assault . Now , what you are about to see is graphic and unsettling . Status . Status ! Approximately 3 , 000 Kyrians dead . That 's it ? The bio - agent is still dispersing through the atmosphere . The fatality rate will be 300 , 000 soon enough . How soon ? Best guess- - one hour . Why do you always keep me waiting , Tuvok ? My apologies . Preparing to fire again . Double the yield . Captain , don 't you think that 's excessive ? You picked a bad time to have second thoughts , Ambassador . I want them defeated , but ... but this is genocide . Defeat ? Genocide ? Why quibble with semantics ? This wasn 't our agreement . We 're going to defeat the Kyrians and you 're going to keep up your end of the bargain . Ensign , confine this gentleman to the brig . I 'll let you know when it 's over . Three more Kyrian vessels approaching . Evade them . Aye , aye , sir . The location ? Look ... I can keep this up all day . Tell the Commander what he wants to know . Maybe I can 't keep this up all day . I 'm a man of peace . My native people are enlightened ... nonviolent ... much like your own . I 'm saddened that this has happened to you . If we can work together , maybe we can end this conflict . Stand aside , Chako - tay . Let me hit him . That hyperspanner would cause an unacceptable level of damage . I remind you- - he must still be able to speak . What do you have in mind ? This neural solvent- - a clean and efficient inducer of pain- - far more effective than your crude attempts at persuasion . No doubt you are experiencing a tingling sensation behind your eyes . The chemical is dissolving your optic nerves . I 'll ask you again . Where is Tedran ? The pain will increase exponentially until your cerebral cortex begins to liquefy . I can reverse the process ... if ordered to do so . And I want to give that order . But you have to tell me ... where is Tedran ? He 's here , at these coordinates . Assuming our prisoner told you the truth . Oh , believe me , he was very cooperative at the end . Neelix ? I 'm reading a fortified compound 1 . 6 kilometers beneath the surface . Chako - tay , you and Tuvok take an assault team and find Tedran . Make sure he 's escorted safely to Voyager . Yes , sir . What now ? Intruders . Four Kyrians just beamed into the Engine Room . Bridge to Engineering . Respond . They 've erected force fields . Our soldiers can 't get in . They 've left me no choice . Computer ... initiate the Borg activation sequence . Sequence in progress . Bridge to Seven of Nine . State your instructions . A group of Kyrians is in the Engine Room . Stop them . We understand . Resistance is futile . Seven of Nine to the Bridge . The Kyrian threat has been neutralized . Acknowledged . Two of the Kyrians are still alive . What shall we do with them ? Well , you 've been wanting to expand your fighting force . Assimilate them . We understand . I just received word from the attack team . Good news , Lieutenant ? Very . They 've captured Tedran and one of his aides . They 're heading back to Voyager . Take them to Chamber 19 and get the Vaskan Ambassador . This is one negotiation he won 't want to miss . Welcome aboard . I appreciate your hospitality . Are all your guests treated so well ? Well , it 's not every day that we receive such an important visitor- - the great Tedran ... a man of wisdom and peace ... a servant of his people . Well , your people need you , now more than ever . State your demands . Tell your forces to stand down , and I 'll call off my attack . I understand what the Vaskans want- - more of our territory ... more resources . But what do you want , Captain ? Why are you doing this to us ? He 's offered my crew a way home . To reach your home , you would destroy ours ? That 's right . And you 'd do the same in my position . No , I would not . Spoken like a true martyr . You 're very enlightened . But are you so proud ... that you 'd let your people die before you 'd humble yourself ? Tell them to surrender . You have shamed us all . We could 've ended this on our own ... peacefully ... without her . Surrender . No . We will prevail . Don 't look so shocked , Ambassador . This is what you wanted , isn 't it ? The ensuing conflict was brief but brutal- - two million Kyrians slaughtered within days . The Warship Voyager continued on its way , leaving the Kyrian dynasty in ruins . The Vaskan leaders proceeded to occupy our lands , forcing my people into subservience . It took centuries for us to undo the damage that Captain Janeway had done . And the Kyrian struggle for equality is far from over . This simulation and this museum are a testament to that struggle . I hope you found your experience here worthwhile . If you 'd like to learn more about Voyager and its role in the history of our planet , I suggest you explore the rest of this exhibit . Thank you for your time . Please , feel free to try the simulation . Oh , thank you very much . I wouldn 't touch that if I were you . One of the Voyager 's torpedoes- - 25 - isoton yield . It could destroy an entire city within seconds . It 's been inactive for centuries , but you never know . No , I 'm only teasing , but , please , be careful . If we damage any of these relics , they can never be replaced . The history of our people should be respected . I have a question about that history . Please . How can you prove that it 's true ? Take a closer look . The evidence is all around you . Some musty fossils and a re - creation ? That doesn 't prove anything . I disagree . You 're trying to blame the Vaskans for all your troubles , the way you always do . I don 't have a problem with your species . I have Kyrian friends , but I don 't appreciate seeing my people being portrayed as villains in your little simulation , and I certainly don 't want your history taught to my children . Well , you 'd better get used to the idea , because we 've just uncovered an artifact that 's going to confirm everything you 've seen here . Three weeks ago , our research team found a data - storage device buried nine meters beneath the ruins at Kesef . I 've confirmed that it came from Voyager . Another fossil ? The device contains active data ... possibly crew logs- - even Captain Janeway 's personal almanac . In the next few days , we could be hearing Voyager 's version of these events , in their own words ! And what if those words tell a different story ? What then ? We will change our views accordingly . I 'm sure you will . I apologize . Please , enjoy the rest of your visit . Activate re - creation : " The Voyager Encounter . " Display Engine Room . Begin dictation . I 'm resuming work on artifact 27 1 : the Voyager data - storage device . I 've decided to try using period tools from the simulation itself . With any luck , they 'll be more compatible . Hmm ... there 's far more data here than I expected . Seems more like a program of some sort . Yes . Yes ! It 's an optronic datastream ... a hologram . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . I recognize you . You 're Voyager 's Doctor . What am I doing in Engineering ? Where 's my mobile emitter ? You 're not an android . Of course not . What are you talking about ? A Kyrian . Doctor to the Bridge . Intruder alert ! Security to Engineering ! You won 't have much luck with that . Nothing in here is real . It 's a simulation . A holodeck ? No . You 're in the Museum of Kyrian Heritage . You 've stolen my program . How ? Please ... let me try to explain . Try quickly . You ... are a hologram . That I know . Uh ... I just discovered your program inside this data - storage device . That 's the EMH backup module . One of your attack parties must have taken it from Sick Bay . Actually , we found it at the ruins at Kesef . I know this will be difficult for you to accept , but a great deal of time has passed since Voyager encountered the Kyrians . How much time ? 700 years , give or take a decade . We 're not certain . I don 't believe you . Think about it . When your program is inactive , a moment or a millennium are the same to you . 700 years ? What about my ship ? What happened to my crew ? No one knows . It 's safe to say they 're long dead . And I 'm some sort of ... fossil ? No , not a fossil- - a witness , a living witness to history . There 's so much we don 't know about what happened , but you saw it . You lived through those times . You helped to shape them . Doctor , you could be the most important discovery of all time . No , this isn 't possible . Doctor ... I don 't believe you . Doctor ! What 's going to happen to me now ? Will you put me on display ? The holographic Rip van Winkle ? I 'm not sure . I want to try to contact Starfleet ... if there still is a Starfleet . That will have to wait . Wait for what ? There are other ... issues to be resolved . What kind of issues ? You 're the Voyager Doctor . A lot of people are going to have questions . On our world , artificial life - forms are considered sentient and responsible for their actions . You might have to face charges . Charges ? For your crimes . You designed the bio - weapons that killed eight million Kyrians . I did nothing of the sort . All of our evidence shows that you were a war criminal . Evidence ? What evidence ? Like this , for example ? Triple - armored hull ? 30 torpedo tubes ? 25 phaser banks ? This isn 't what our ship looked like . We reconstructed it from a partial schematic found in the Cyrik Ocean ... which was badly damaged by corrosion . We were bound to get a few details wrong . Voyager wasn 't a warship . We were explorers ! Yes , I know- - trying to get home , to Mars . Earth ! You see , you couldn 't even get that right ! This is a nightmare . What if I 'm found guilty ? What 's going to happen to me ? That 's up to the Arbiters . But I imagine the penalty would be severe . Your program could be decompiled . You 've got to believe me . To you , this may be ancient history . To me , it 's yesterday . You called me a living witness . Well , at least give me the chance to set the record straight . I want to see your version of what happened . We 've already drained two phaser banks , and he hasn 't hit anything . If you looked at your console once in awhile , instead of chasing the female ensigns , you 'd see otherwise . Tom 's right . This war was supposed to be over in five minutes . You have a better idea , Lieutenant ? As a matter of fact , I do . Fighter shuttles- - a direct assault . Led by you ? Good luck . Watch your mouth , hedgehog . I haven 't heard a single good idea . Well , then propose something , First Officer . Earn your rank for once . Get away from us ... Gentlemen ... Gentlemen ! Save it for the holodeck- - we 've got a war to fight . We 've only been attacking the Kyrian military installations- - a mistake . We should target the general population . Excellent idea , Captain . I 've examined the Kyrian genome , and they would be vulnerable to any number of biological weapons . How soon could you have one ready ? Within the hour . Dismissed . Pure fiction . This is absurd . Halt re - creation . This is a reasonable extrapolation from historic record . But if you 'd like to point out any inconsistencies ... inconsistencies ? I don 't know where to begin . Granted , this looks like the briefing room , but these aren 't the people I knew . No one behaved like this . Well ... aside from Mr. Paris . We weren 't at each other 's throats . We didn 't talk about how to destroy planets . We helped people . We were an enlightened crew . Are you denying these events took place ? Yes . Are you saying you never got involved in the conflict between my people - and the Vaskans ? - Yes ! Well , no , we did get involved , but it was nothing like this . Elaborate . There was a meeting in this room , but it wasn 't about battle tactics , it was about a dilemma we were facing . We had negotiated a trade agreement with the Vaskans . We were dealing with a representative , Ambassador ... Ambassador Daleth . Daleth . Exactly . Everything was going according to plan ... until ... .. we were attacked ... by your people , the Kyrians . They 'd picked that moment to start a war and we were caught in the middle . The Kyrians were the aggressors ? No , no , that can 't be right . Captain Janeway called this meeting to figure out how we could extricate ourselves from the conflict and still maintain the trade agreement with the Vaskans . But we weren 't on their side , and we certainly never attacked you . Save your objections until you see the entire re - creation . Let 's continue . We will prevail . Don 't look so shocked , Ambassador . This is what you wanted , isn 't it ? Somewhere- - halfway across the galaxy , I hope- - Captain Janeway is spinning in her grave . You 've portrayed us as monsters . The Captain 's a cold - blooded killer ; the crew 's a gang of thugs ; and I 'm a mass murderer . - Calm yourself . - Why should I ? I 'm about to be hanged for crimes I didn 't commit . Tell me your version of events . I remember this man . Tedran . He was a martyr to our people . Some martyr . He led the Kyrian attack against Voyager . You 're lying . I was there . You 're trying to protect yourself . And so are you ! From the truth . Isn 't it a coincidence that the Kyrians are being portrayed in the best possible light ? Martyrs , heroes , saviors . Obviously , events have been reinterpreted to make your people feel better about themselves . Revisionist history ... it 's such a comfort . We were not the aggressors in the Great War . We were the victims . The proof can be found anywhere on this world . The Kyrian people are being oppressed to this day . The problems in your society are none of my business . I 'm just telling you what I saw 700 years ago . I don 't believe you , and neither will anyone else . What are you doing ? Shutting down your program . Wait . Please. I ... I can prove to you I 'm right . The medical tricorder- - the artifact you have on display . If you just let me ... Lies . Begin dictation . I 've reexamined the data module and from what I can tell , the Doctor was telling the truth- - at least about one thing . He is a hologram , a backup program . We always knew he was an artificial life - form , but we thought he was an android . If we were mistaken about that ... I wonder if we might also be wrong about Voyager itself . Another question : Why would a hologram designed for medical purposes be programmed to lie so readily ? From the moment I activated him , this Doctor has insisted that he 's innocent . At first , I ... didn 't believe him . End dictation . Activate re - creation : " The Voyager Encounter . " Display Medical Chamber . Please state the nature of the medical ... Oh. lt 's you . You 've given me a lot to think about . Really ? I thought you 'd heard enough of my ... lies . I judged you too quickly . I 'm sorry . What changed your mind ? Time to think . For your information , I don 't appreciate being deactivated in the middle of a sentence . It brings back ... unpleasant memories . It won 't happen again . Good . Because if you don 't stop treating me like a second - class hologram , I won 't cooperate with your investigation . I 'm perfectly happy to lie dormant in that data module for a few eons . I didn 't come here to argue . Then what do you want ? I don 't know . To talk , I guess , about what really happened 700 years ago . Are you sure you 're willing to listen to a mass - murderer like me ? I 'm willing to keep an open mind . That 's the most I can promise . Try to understand my point of view . All my life , I thought I knew the truth . There was never any doubt . I never meant to throw your beliefs into doubt , but I can 't deny what I know to be true . I realize that now ... and I want to know the truth . And I want the Arbiters to know it , too . Well ... the stage is certainly set , but I 'll have to rewrite the characters and revise the plot a little . I 'm quite adept in the art of holographic programming . If you 'll give me access to your technology , maybe I can create a simulation of my own ... show you what happened . Don 't worry , Ambassador . We 've got plenty of medical supplies , and we 'd be more than happy to share them with you . Then we agree . In exchange , we 'll provide you with as much dilithium as you need . That 's very generous , Ambassador . I 'll transport the canisters immediately . It would be in your best interest to make this exchange quickly . Oh ? Why is that ? We 've been in conflict with a neighboring species , the Kyrians . They 've been threatening to attack us . War could break out any day . We 've tried every diplomatic option , but the Kyrians are a violent , stubborn people . No problem. I understand what you 're going through . I wish I could make you one of our diplomats . You might have better luck resolving this situation . Under different circumstances ... Janeway to Sick Bay . This is the Doctor . Ambassador Daleth and I have reached an agreement . Assemble the medical supplies . Done , Captain . The supplies are in Cargo Bay 1 . Once we transport the supplies to the surface , there may be ... Red Alert . Captain Janeway to the Bridge . We 're being fired on by three ships . The Kyrians . Hail them . Channel open . This is Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager . We are not your enemies . Please break off your attack . They 're not responding . I 'd advise you to retreat , Captain . Shields down to 86 percent . Break out of orbit . Put some distance between us . Yes , ma 'am . Four intruders . They are in Engineering . Janeway to Engineering . B 'Elanna , respond . Tuvok . Take as much of their technology as you can . You will fail . Drop your weapons . Back away . - Tuvok to Janeway . - Go ahead . The Kyrians have killed three of the Engineering crew . They 've taken Seven of Nine and one of the injured crew members hostage . They 're now on Deck 2 , Section 32 . Acknowledged . Remember your offer to make me a diplomat ? Well , it looks like I don 't have much of a choice . Tell the Doctor we have casualties . Have him meet us on Deck 2 . Janeway to Tuvok . We 're approaching Section 31 . The evacuation of Deck 2 is complete . Send three security teams to this deck , then seal all the access points . Acknowledged . How typical of the Kyrians . What do you mean ? They fight the same way they live- - deviously . Janeway to Tuvok . Tuvok here . The Kyrians are in the Mess Hall . We 're going in . Security is on the way . I 'll go first , Captain , and draw any fire , if need be . Your crew is heroic , Captain . I just happen to be invulnerable to phaser fire , but I appreciate the compliment . - Captain ? - Go . Tedran ... this is between us . Leave these people out of it . I know what you 're doing- - an alliance with these aliens . We were trading with them , nothing more . You expect me to believe that ? You plan to use this ship to destroy us . We wouldn 't need help if we wanted to destroy you . We didn 't realize you were fighting with the Vaskans . Now , lay down your weapons , and I promise you won 't be harmed . No ! He 's dead . Computer , freeze program . A tragic , needless death , but , as you can see , Voyager was not responsible . After Tedran was killed , Voyager was attacked by nine Kyrian ships . My program was disabled , most likely when they stole my backup module . The next thing I knew , I was standing next to this gentleman , seven centuries later . Very entertaining . I 'll admit your holo - technology is new to me . I had to extrapolate in a few places , but I assure you , this is an accurate re - creation . Perhaps . Or perhaps it 's the fabrication of a war criminal who 's afraid for his life . Do you have any evidence to support your explanation ? In fact , I do . I 've confirmed that this is the same tricorder I used to scan Tedran at the moment of his death . If I can access the bio - readings inside , I can prove that he was killed by a Vaskan weapon , not by Captain Janeway . Can this be done ? I 've been trying to decipher the instrument for years , but with the Doctor 's help ... I fail to see what this would prove . Tedran died on Voyager , a victim of a conspiracy to oppress my people . The weapon used , who fired it- - this is all beside the point . Was there a conspiracy ? Did Voyager really help my ancestors to start the Great War , or were Kyrians the aggressors , as my people have always believed ? No , this casts doubt on everything . But it doesn 't change the fact that my children can 't attend the same academies as yours , or that we are forced to live outside of the city center . Today 's problems are not at issue here . This is about history . Look , I don 't know who started your war . All I 'm saying is that Voyager wasn 't responsible . I can 't believe that you would cooperate with this murderer- - you , of all people . You built this museum . The facts are turning out to be more complex than I expected . We shouldn 't be listening to this hologram . I want him arrested and charged for the crimes we know he committed . That 's not your decision to make . No , it 's not , is it ? I 'm only on this commission because you needed a token Kyrian . Please . This isn 't about race . It 's always about race . You seize every opportunity to keep yourselves in power . I 'm sorry you see it that way . I think we are obligated to hear what the Doctor has to say . Proceed with your investigation . Yes , Arbiter . You 'll pay for your crimes . 700 years , and I 'm still caught in the middle of your little dispute . One might have hoped for a bit of social progress in the interim . Change never comes easily for us . Humph . That 's an understatement . I 've entered the specifications that you gave me . Let 's give it a try . Close enough . This diagnostic tool should help me get past the initial encryption sequences . Too bad we can 't re - create B 'Elanna Torres . Torres ... the Chief Transporter Operator . Chief Engineer . You might want to make the correction in your history books . What was she like- - Torres ? I suppose we 've gotten her personality wrong , too . Starting to believe me , are you ? Well , let 's just say I 'm trying to keep an open mind . B 'Elanna Torres ... intelligent , beautiful , and with a chip on her shoulder the size of the Horsehead Nebula . She also had a kind of vulnerability that made her ... quite endearing . You miss her ... and the others . From my perspective , I saw them all only a few days ago . But in fact , it 's been centuries . And I 'll never see them again . Did they ever reach home ? I wonder . I 've always wondered that , too . From as far back as I can remember . Really ? Ever since I was a small child , the first time I heard the name Voyager , it conjured up my imagination . Even though we were the bad guys ? That didn 't matter . I was too young to understand the implications . The fact that you were so far from home , traveling across the stars . Oh , I found it all very heroic . I suppose Voyager is what made me fall in love with history . If it means anything to you , you would have made a fine member of our crew . I hope that 's part of the simulation . No , it isn 't . No ! Stop this ! We know about the hologram ! This museum 's filled with lies ! Stop ! Listen to me ! We 've listened long enough ! They 're using photon grenades . We 've got to take cover . This way . What 's happening ? I 've been hearing weapons . It 's getting worse . Protests , vandalism ... two people have been killed . Don 't worry . They 've cordoned off the museum . We 're safe for now . That 's not what I 'm concerned about . Two deaths , a race riot , all because of me ? You were only the catalyst . The pressure 's been building for years . It was only a matter of time before something set it off . Have you found the tricorder ? Not yet . It 's crucial that we do . The Kyrians are demanding you be punished for your crimes , but the Vaskans want to hear your version of events again . They want to continue the investigation . What 's going to happen ? I don 't know . The Vaskans are more powerful , but the Kyrians are very angry . They 're talking about another war . Then there 's only one solution . Delete my program . I 've become a kind of symbol for this conflict . As long as I 'm around , your people are going to keep on fighting . I 'll show you how to decompile my program . You can say I was damaged in the attack last night . No one will hold you responsible . I can 't do that to you . Then I 'll do it myself . No ! I 'm a medical hologram ... programmed to do no harm , but I 'm doing harm on a global scale . Ever since you reactivated me , I 've been concerned with clearing Voyager 's good name . But that 's not important now . There 's more at stake . A few days ago , I might have agreed with you . But what about the facts ? Facts be damned ! Names , dates , places- - it 's all open to interpretation . Who 's to say what really happened ? And ultimately , what difference does it make ? What matters is today and the future of your people . Doctor , you were there . You can 't deny what happened . I can ... and I will . Tedran was a martyr for your people , a hero , a symbol of your struggle for freedom . Who am I to wander in 700 years later and take that away from you ? History has been abused ! We keep blaming each other for what happened in the past . If you don 't help us now , it could be another 700 years . Let 's find that tricorder . It was a pivotal moment in our history . As a result of the Doctor 's testimony , a dialogue was opened between our peoples . Eventually , we found a new respect for our divergent cultures and traditions . The efforts of people like Quarren and the Doctor paved the way for unity . Quarren died six years later , but he lived long enough to witness the Dawn of Harmony . And the Doctor ... well , he served as our Surgical Chancellor for many years , until he decided to leave . He took a small craft and set a course for the Alpha Quadrant , attempting to trace the path of Voyager . He said he had a longing ... for home . This way .
