 I 've been considering naming him after my husband . It 's been a tradition in his family for over five generations . I 'm sure he 'd be very pleased . My husband 's name is ... Greskrendtregk . He 's Ktarian . Choosing a name is no easy matter . I speak from experience . Have you had any progress , Doctor ? I 've reviewed historical , literary and anthropological databases from over 500 worlds and have yet to find a suitable name . However , I may want to give some thought to ... Greskrendtregk . To be honest , I 've been thinking of something simpler . What do you think of Cameron ? Oh , I Iike it . Cameron- - from the ancient celtic term for " one whose nose is bent . " well , what about Frederick ? Frederick . Very distinguished . However , it bears a close resemblance to a rather impolite term on the BoIian homeworId . well , it doesn 't have to be a human name . I Iike SuraI . It 's VuIcan . Yes . unfortunately , it was also the name of a dictator on Sakura Prime , famed for beheading his rivals ... and his parents . He won 't have an objection to Benaren . You 're right . I 've never heard that name before . I think it 's lovely . Is it Ocampan ? Benaren was my father 's name . He was the greatest inspiration in my Iife . AII science officers please report to your stations . Your scans look fine , Ensign . We 'II see you in a week . Thank you . Greskrendtregk would make a good middle name , don 't you think ? You never suggested your father 's name to me . I-I thought you were only considering human names . Ah . well , you were mistaken . If you Iike Benaren , there 's no reason you can 't use it , too . I 'm sure she won 't mind . Won 't mind that I just usurped her baby 's name the moment I heard it ? Thank you , but no , thank you . My uncle 's name was EIrem . I once knew a boy named Tarrik . There 's not much left of whatever it was . From the amount of debris , I 'd guess it was a small ship , no bigger than a shuttlecraft . I 'm not reading any organic material in the debris field . It must have been an unmanned vessel . possibly a probe . Any idea what happened to it ? The high residual energy signature indicates repeated weapons fire . Captain , the wreckage is composed primarily of duritanium poIyaIIoy . Duritanium ? I haven 't seen many weapons that could do that kind of damage to a duritanium hull . Transport some samples of the debris to Engineering for analysis . Continuous scans , Lieutenant . We don 't want whoever did this to catch us by surprise . Any conclusions ? Afraid so . We 've identified the signature left by the weapons fire . There 's no question . It was Cardassian . Cardassian ? could Seska be responsible ? No , Captain . I am . The probe was destroyed by an experimental Cardassian weapon from the alpha Quadrant . Sorry . I recognized its signature because ... because I know this weapon very well . Chakotay and I got our hands on it when we were fighting the Cardassians . How did it get here ? probably the same way we did . The last time we saw it , it was heading in the same direction in the badlands where the Caretaker picked us up . originally , the Cardassians sent this thing to destroy a Maquis munitions base . We nicknamed it " Dreadnought . " It 's a seIf-guided tactical missile carrying a charge of a thousand kilos of matter and another thousand of antimatter . Enough to destroy a small moon . Now , add to that one of the most sophisticated computer systems I 've ever seen . They made this missile adaptable , evasive , armed with its own defensive weaponry- - in other words , unstoppable . So , how did you stop it ? We didn 't . It got through all our defenses . Worked like it was supposed to , except for one minor detail . It didn 't go off . Leave it to the Cardassians to build such an incredibly advanced tactical weapon and then arm the warhead with an old kinetic detonator . The missile skipped off into the atmosphere and quietly went into orbit . I got inside it and reprogrammed the computer . hell , I didn 't just reprogram it , I changed its identity . I made it forget about being Cardassian . Now it was working for the Maquis . And we gave it a new mission- - to destroy the Cardassian fuel depot on AscheIan V. to destroy the Cardassian fuel depot on AscheIan V. But it never made it out of the badlands . We thought it had been destroyed in one of the plasma storms . So , how do we stop this weapon before it causes any more damage ? Dreadnought masks its warp trail with a randomized EM field , but I can modify our navigational sensors to cut through that . And what are going we do with it once we find it ? I get back inside it . I know all the security codes . I installed them myself . Lieutenant Paris can assist you with the navigational sensors . Keep me informed . Dismissed . Lieutenant ? I expect everyone to show up for meetings on time and properly dressed . Yes , sir . There 's still a Iot of distortion in the upper frequencies . Better . Now let 's try filtering out the ion radiation . B 'EIanna . You must be really worried about catching this thing . Chakotay wasn 't telling the whole truth . We didn 't send Dreadnought on a mission against the Cardassians . I was the one who sent it ... without asking him . You were afraid he 'd say no . After I did it , he pulled me aside , and ... I was ready to defend myself . I was so sure that I had anticipated everything that could possibly go wrong . I even programmed it to warn Federation ships to stay out of its way . In my own voice . Your voice . Listening to that Cardassian computer 's voice was driving me crazy . I don 't blame you . Anyway , Chakotay looked at me- - I didn 't know him very well yet- - and all he said in that damned soft voice of his was ... that I 'd hurt him . That he thought he 'd earned my trust and loyalty . I was so glad when it disappeared into the badlands . I remember thinking , " Thank God it 's over . " But it 's not . And if anything happens here because of Dreadnought ... it 's my fault . No one else 's . You took a risk . You were thinking like a Maquis . That was a whole different life . tell me about it . You know ... I 've been surprised at how well you 've been able to fit in here . A little envious , too . Tom ... what 's been going on with you lately ? Going on ? How ? people are starting to talk . Are they ? people like who ? Chakotay ? No , I mean people like me . Like today . Look at yourself . Coming to a briefing late and is it true that you had a fight with Lieutenant RoIIins ? The Lieutenant was unhappy that my Conn reports weren 't punctuated properly ... according to StarfIeet protocol . I didn 't like his attitude . Was he right about your reports ? We 're in the delta Quadrant ; nowhere near StarfIeet . What differe ... ? Yeah , he was right . I 'm the one who 's been wrong . Wrong about a Iot of things . Why don 't we try running a multiphasic sweep ? Captain , I 'm picking up the trail again . New heading : 196 mark 4 . I 'm on it . This course is erratic . Are we sure we 're following a single warp trail ? Perhaps the missile 's navigational system is malfunctioning . It 's been operating for over a year- - far longer than it was designed to function . No . This is deliberate . It 's following one of the evasive patterns I programmed into it . It must have observed us following . I think I 've got it on Iong-range sensors . No , that 's only a sensor echo . Dreadnought 's programmed to deflect its image up to 100,000 kilometers from its true location . The next time you get a heading , look for a brief surge in neutrino emissions within 100,000-kiIometer radius . That 'II be the real thing . Got it . elevated neutrino levels . Locking in coordinates . It 's within visual range . On screen . Its targeting scanners have been activated . What 's wrong ? It 's not supposed to do that until it 's locked onto its final target . It 's heading for a planet in a system over ten Iight-years away . At its current speed , it 'II get there in about three weeks . The planet is CIass-M . I 'm reading several heaviIy-popuIated areas . Seska will want to know about this Cardassian missile immediately . Mr. Jonas , your enthusiasm is appreciated , but I would prefer to know more about it before I bring it to Maje CuIIuh 's attention . If I couId just talk to Seska . As I explained , I have now been assigned to be your control . Look , has she been made aware of how much I 've been helping you ? What the maje chooses to share with her is none of my concern , but you are in good hands , my friend . Now , tell me more about this weapon your ship has found . Look , all you need to tell Seska is that missile is better armed than the entire Kazon-Nistrim sect . That 's very interesting . What more can you tell me that I can bring to my ... ? Someone 's about to make a subspace transmission . They may be able to detect our com-Iink . I have to terminate . My name is Kathryn Janeway , Captain of the Federation Starship Voyager . First Minister KeIIan , Captain . What is it you want ? Our scans of your world suggest you have Iong-range tracking abilities . We have been observing your course for the Iast two days . Have you also been able to detect the missile on a parallel course off our starboard bow ? We haven 't been able to identify what it is , but yes . You have the right to know , First Minister , that this missile is carrying a warhead with a significant destructive force , and ... Is this some sort of threat , Captain ? On the contrary . We want to help . I find that hard to believe . Your reputation precedes you , Captain . We 've been told that you 've threatened many races since your arrival in this Quadrant . First Minister , we 're aware the Kazon have been telling that to people . They 'd Iike to prevent us from making allies . I assure you , you 've been misled . And yet , here you are , sending this missile toward us . The missile arrived here from our Quadrant due to a very unusual accident . We haven 't been able to determine yet why it chose Rakosa as its target , but my Chief Engineer is preparing to disarm it before it reaches you . Perhaps you are telling me this in order to delay our defensive response . I couId 've maintained communication silence and not given you any warning at all . That 's true . nevertheless , be aware that I am placing our defense force on alert . I 'd do the same , in your place . We will be watching your progress closely . Janeway to Torres . How soon will you be ready to transport ? Dreadnought 's shields have responded to my codes . I 'm ready now , Captain . Proceed . Energize . Authorized entry detected . Initiating DNA scan . B 'EIanna Torres confirmed . hello , B 'EIanna . Your last systems access was on stardate 47 582 . Current date is 49447 . Time : 0840 hours . Did you sleep well last night ? Not so well , to tell you the truth . Activate programmer interface . Your presence was not anticipated during the mission . please explain . Something 's gone wrong with your programming , Dreadnought . display targeting schematic . A seIf-diagnostic has been conducted every 14 hours . No malfunctions have been detected . Maybe there 's something wrong with your diagnostic systems , too . Identify target . AscheIan V. What targeting parameters are you using ? Size , radiothermic signature , atmospheric composition , relative ... Enough . Dreadnought , you 're nowhere near AscheIan V. Based on available data , you are mistaken , B 'EIanna . Let me check out your navigational systems . Access to primary navigational systems is denied at stage three alert status . That was my idea , wasn 't it ? Affirmative . Okay . We 'II have to go at this in a different way then , won 't we ? Dreadnought , do you know what happened to you the day after my last systems access ? please be more specific . Did you encounter a coherent tetryon beam ? Confirmed . AII attempts to avoid the phenomenon failed . That beam carried you into the delta Quadrant . I 'm not surprised it damaged your sensors . Dreadnought , reinitiaIize your navigational systems . Computer ? ReinitiaIization sequence is complete . Okay . Now verify our current position . Based on relative position to known astronomical markers , this vessel is currently located in the delta Quadrant . And is AscheIan V located in the delta Quadrant ? Negative . Then reconfirm your target lock . unable to verify . Standing down from stage three . Target lock has been deactivated . ReestabIishing stage four . Janeway to Torres . Go ahead , Captain . We 're showing a shutdown of all your engines . Can you confirm that ? That and more . I 'II be ready to transport back in a few minutes . acknowledged . Good work , B 'EIanna . Janeway out . Dreadnought , return to stage five . Initiate powersave program . acknowledged . Good night , B 'EIanna . Sweet dreams . The Dreadnought 's quantum torpedoes could be modified to be compatible with our Iaunchers . What about its engine components ? easily converted to StarfIeet specs . We 'II have spare parts for years . We should also download some files from the computer core . B 'EIanna , you can begin the salvage operation first thing in the ... Paris to Janeway . Yes , Lieutenant ? The missile just took off . It 's going into warp . Stay with it , Tom . Engaging warp drive . This is impossible . When I Ieft , it was completely shut down . We 're back on a heading to Rakosa V. It 's increasing speed to warp 9 . At this rate , it 'II reach the planet in 51 hours . It 's still on course for the planet at warp 9 . Mr. Paris , bring us within ten kilometers . Maintain a parallel position . Bridge to Torres . Your status ? I don 't understand it , Captain . Dreadnought 's shields are not recognizing my security code anymore . We can 't initiate transport . You better get back up here , Lieutenant . Aye , Captain . Mr. Tuvok , Iet 's take a shot at disabling its drive systems . Ready photons . Red alert . Torres programmed the missile 's shields to adjust to all known weapons , even StarfIeet 's . Voyager wasn 't in service when she did it . We 're equipped with type-6 photon torpedoes . They may just get through . Fire . No discernible damage , Captain . It must have scanned our weapons , adapted its shields . Captain , it 's maintaining course and speed . We 're being hailed by the missile . Let 's hear it . Unidentified Federation ship . although this vessel is Cardassian in design , it has been appropriated by the Maquis . please stand down your weapons . You stand down your weapons and I 'II stand down mine . You are interfering with a tactical mission against Cardassian aggressors . This vessel is programmed to respond with all necessary force to prevent any disruption to its mission . Dreadnought , why have you resumed course ? hello , B 'EIanna . Course was resumed once your safe departure from this vessel was confirmed . It was a necessary response to your deception . My " deception " ? ! You are participating in the delta Quadrant deception . explain , Dreadnought . false information has been entered into Dreadnought 's navigational sensor array . When a bomb starts talking about itself in the third person , I get worried . Why would I enter false information ? probability assessment indicates you are being coerced by Cardassian forces . You 've already identified Voyager as a Federation ship , Dreadnought . Your scanners must indicate this is not a Cardassian crew . probability assessment indicates you are operating within the parameters of the Cardassian-Federation alliance , as described in the Treaty of 2367 , a treaty rejected by the Maquis . So when I was just over there and you shut yourself off , you were lying to me ? acknowledged . I never taught it to do that . That is not correct , B 'EIanna . Your tactical subroutine instructed Dreadnought to prepare responses for 39 potential Cardassian threats . The possibility of your capture and coercion was number seven . Dreadnought , is there any way we can prove to you that you are actually in the delta Quadrant ; that this is not a deception ? The probability of being in the delta Quadrant , 7 5,000 Iight-years from last confirmed location , is negligible . The target is located in the alpha Quadrant . Target lock has been established . There will be no further warnings . Terminating communications link . The one possible vulnerability I remember is in the thoron shock emitter . If we can get it to fire at full power , that should destabilize the reactor core for 30 seconds . A single sustained tachyon beam might just penetrate that core and destroy it . What will it take to provoke Dreadnought into firing ? It shouldn 't be that difficult . Once we go after it with an aII-out assault , the emitter should fire . Mr. Tuvok , set your target . Ready photons . Ready , Captain . Fire . The missile 's thoron shock emitter has fired . Initiate the tachyon beam . We have penetrated its shields . Direct hit to the core . Reading an energy buildup in its reactor . It should overload in about 30 seconds . Wait a minute . There 's a plasma surge coming from its core . What the hell ... ? Report ! It sent a plasma burst along the tachyon beam into our main power system . We 've got EPS relays burned out all over the ship . I 'm not getting any response from the warp or impulse drives . Even the maneuvering thrusters are out ! The missile was not significantly damaged . It has maintained its course for Rakosa . Our engines will be back on Iine in less than an hour , First Minister . Then we 'II try again . Did you sustain any casualties , Captain ? A few . A broken arm , a broken leg . fortunately , that 's all . I 'm pleased to hear that . We are projecting casualties at two million , if the worst occurs . I have deployed our fleet to intercept this missile in a matter of hours . First Minister , we 've analyzed your offensive capabilities ... and they 're no match for what you 're facing . You must have realized that yourself . And what would you have me do , sit here and wait for death to fall from the sky ? I 'm sorry . We haven 't had much sleep . We weren 't prepared for anything like this . We are not a warlike race . We haven 't devoted our resources to building weapons like yours . First Minister ... please . I 've always hated that title . My name is KeIIan . I prefer that . Our Chief Engineer is trying to return to the missile 's control room . She 's still our best chance at disarming it . There 's no reason to send your fleet on a hopeless mission . I appreciate your efforts , truly , but the decision has been made . We have some good pilots , Captain . Perhaps they will surprise you . blocked again . We don 't have time for this . Don 't worry , we 'II find a way to get you back over there . We wouldn 't have to if I 'd done my job right the first time . You couldn 't expect to guess every move it made . Why not ? Dreadnought seems pretty good at guessing mine . It 's only as smart as you made it . I 'm not so sure about that , Harry . Its programs are adaptive and it 's been accumulating data all this time . It spends every minute of every day thinking about new strategies , new probabilities . And I bet it doesn 't spend much time worrying about what it could have done differently . AII right , StarfIeet ... let 's give it another try . Unauthorized entry detected . Initiating DNA scan . hello , B 'EIanna . Your last systems access was today at 0840 hours . Current time is 1931 hours . Have you had a pleasant day ? Oh , yeah . swell day . Access to programmer interface has been denied . Access to programmer interface has been denied . Access to circuit pathways has been denied . Be advised that the intensity of the shock will increase if you attempt to open the panel again . I 'm disappointed in you , Dreadnought . If I really was a Cardassian agent ... you should 've killed me with the first charge . probability assessment indicates that you are being coerced by Cardassian forces . Somehow I expected you to put up more of a fight . Computer ? Stage two alert has been activated . tell me what 's happening . There are 15 priority targets approaching . AII weapon systems at full readiness . Speed : full impulse . The Rakosan fleet . hall the lead ship . channel open , Captain . Audio only . This is Captain Janeway on Voyager . I urge you to break off your attack . One of my crew members is aboard the missile . You 'd better get your crewman out , Captain . We estimate time to intercept , 90 seconds . We 're still attempting to disarm its weapons . My orders are clear . You 'II have to talk to my superiors back home . Rakosa One , out . Janeway to Torres . Yes , Captain . The Rakosan fleet is preparing to attack . Captain , don 't beam me out . I may not be able to transport back here again . Lieutenant ... I 'm making progress ! The Rakosan ships have created a diversion . I 've already used it to disarm the security codes on board . Now if I can just get to the central processor , I can disable the entire system . AII right . We 'II try to keep a transporter lock on you . Janeway out . The Rakosan attack is commencing , Captain . Move us into weapons range , Mr. Paris . Aye , Captain . Give them some cover fire . Red alert . Firing phasers . AII command control functions have been rerouted through protected backup circuits , B 'EIanna . Your attempt to compromise weapons control has been blocked . Those ships aren 't your enemy . They are not Cardassian . Can 't you recognize that ? This vessel is programmed to respond with all necessary force to prevent any disruption to its mission . shields are holding . We are drawing minimal fire from the missile . Its primary weapon systems are focused on the Rakosan vessel . Another group of fighters is starting an attack run . We 've got to draw more of the missile 's fire . Make Voyager a more serious threat , Tuvok . shields at 40 percent . Damage reported on Decks 3 and 4 . Repair crews responding . The Rakosan vessels are withdrawing , Captain . Good . Move us out of range of the plasma wave . Janeway to Torres . Yes , Captain . The Rakosan ships have retreated . We have one hour and nine minutes until the missile reaches the planet . Any progress ? Dreadnought 's created backup systems to replace the ones I tried to disable . Do you have any other ideas ? I 'm reluctant to discuss them in present company , but could you send over a ... ? Captain ? Communications have been terminated . Transporter lock has also been disengaged . What took you so long ? There was a tactical advantage in monitoring your ship 's communications until this time . So ... it 's just you and me now . You are accessing the detonation control circuit . probability assessment indicates you are attempting to detonate the explosive before it reaches its target . Now , that wouldn 't make much sense , would it ? I 'd be killing myself in the process . probability assessment indicates you are attempting to detonate the explosive before it reaches its target . If I 'm being coerced by Cardassians , why would I be willing to sacrifice myself for them ? Answer that one . unable to respond . Reassessing probabilities . Aha . Gotcha . Why don 't we reassess those probabilities together ? Okay ? Remember how we used to play hypothetical games ? Affirmative . Let 's play one now . Here 's a hypothetical situation for you . Suppose I 've been telling you the truth all along and you really are in the delta Quadrant ... probability of being in the delta Quadrant , 7 5,000 Iight-years from last confirmed location , is negligible . " hypothetical , " Dreadnought . It 's a game , remember ? Assume it 's true for a moment . Assumption entered . And we 're heading for the wrong target ... Assumption entered . millions of innocent people about to die when you detonate . Assumption entered . Now explain to me how this might happen . If key sensor programs were damaged or deleted , data banks would be compromised . Just for the fun of it , let 's have a look at those data banks . See if anything looks at all ... " compromised . " Is this a complete file directory ? There seem to be a few missing . files containing information about the weapons or tactical systems are not necessary to verify sensor accuracy . Oh , I 'm hurt . You don 't trust me . hold on . Pause the display . What 's that ? Computer , identify the Cardassian file on screen . unable to identify . It looks like a backup file . Computer , when was this file created ? Stardate 46437.5 . I believe that was before you and I ever met . hypothetical game terminated . probability reassessment complete . A new conclusion ? Affirmative . probability of being in the delta Quadrant remains negligible . When that option is rejected , new probability assessment indicates that you have changed loyalties , B 'EIanna . You are now cooperating with the Cardassian-Federation alliance , as described in the treaty of 2367 , a treaty which has been rejected by the Maquis . Dreadnought ... Humanoid life support aboard this vessel has been terminated . Approaching target at full impulse . Stage one alert has been activated . Initiating final detonation sequence . people are crowding every port trying to get off the eastern continent . There aren 't enough ships . kellan , there are still 41 minutes for us to prevent this . What can be done in 41 minutes ? I 'm prepared to use this ship to detonate the warhead before the missile reaches you . Use your ship ? To collide with it ? Something like that . Do you really think that would work ? I 'm not sure . You would sacrifice yourselves to benefit a people you didn 't even know two days ago ? To save two million lives ? That 's not a hard decision . Your reputation in this Quadrant isn 't deserved , Captain . For what it 's worth ... you 've made a friend here . I 'm still hoping we 'II have a chance to celebrate this new friendship together . AII key systems have been secured . You will not gain access . I 'm not interested in your key systems anymore , Dreadnought . That is an unlikely assertion , B 'EIanna . seriously . Check for yourself . You are attempting to access the obsolete Cardassian file . Why ? Oh , just killing time . Life support has been terminated . It is advisable for you to return to your ship . gentlemen , I believe our best chance at stopping Dreadnought now is to set off a Iarge antimatter explosion directly in its path . To work , it wouId take more energy than all our photons put together . Or more to the point , it wouId take a warp core breach . You 'II be in charge of the evacuation , Commander . I 'm not leaving you on this ship . Captain 's prerogative . Get the rest of the crew to the escape pods . I 'II send the senior officers to join you in a few minutes . We don 't have time to debate this , Chakotay . Everyone except senior officers , with me . Computer , initiate the seIf-destruct sequence . Authorization : Janeway-pi-one-one-zero . Set it at 20 minutes . Warning . SeIf-destruct sequence has been initiated . Warp core overload in 20 minutes . Cardassian A-T-R 4-1-0-7 . Attempting to activate systems . I never thought I 'd be glad to hear that voice again . Voice analyzer functioning . unable to identify . Attempting to activate systems . No additional presence detected . Check those diagnostics , Dreadnought . You 're talking to yourself . I believe you 're having an identity crisis . Accessing central processor memory . Engaging counter-virus response program . Attempting to override program . Computer ... identify the target . The Maquis munitions ... The Cardassian fuel depot on AscheIan V. malfunction detected in the targeting system . Attempting to correct . Negative . Target lock has been confirmed . The Maquis are now in control ... This target does not conform to established targeting parameters . The original targeting parameters have been replaced ... The detonation sequence cannot proceed without ... The countdown to the detonation sequence will continue . Ejecting antimatter pods . AscheIan V will be destroyed . The emergency ejection system has failed . Attempting to reinitialize all key circuits . Access to the navigational system is denied . Accessing backup system . AII critical pathways have been rerouted to protected backup systems . Security Iockouts functioning ... Yes . Warning . SeIf-destruct sequence has been initiated . Warp core overload in 1 1 minutes . Captain , I 've broken through the interference . I 'm not sure how . We have communications . Checking on transporter signal . I have a lock on her . Voyager to Torres . Yes , Captain . I need to get you out of there . We 're abandoning Voyager . I 'm going to overload the warp core in the missile 's flight path . I may be able to detonate the warhead from here by breaching the containment field . Can you get access to the core ? I 'm already in it . I 'm using my phaser to burn through the magnetic constrictor casing now . Are you all right , B 'EIanna ? Fine . The air 's just a little thin in here . Keep me advised . Janeway out . Mr. Kim , transfer control to the Conn and report to your escape pod . Captain ... That 's a direct order to all of you . Mr. Paris , I 'm relieving you . Now ! The starboard thrusters are a little sluggish . Ease into them . Understood . Captain ... thanks for everything . Warning . SeIf-destruct sequence has been initiated . Warp core overload in seven minutes . You , too , Tuvok . It is logical to have a second-in-command in case you are injured and unable to complete the mission , Captain . I request permission to remain . Permission granted . hello , B 'EIanna . The Cardassian virus has been neutralized . Good for you . Containment field integrity at 40 percent and falling . Estimated time to breach . This vessel is programmed to respond with all necessary force to prevent any disruption to its mission . unless I 'm mistaken , you 're out of options , Dreadnought . analysis of your vital signs suggests you are about to lose consciousness , B 'EIanna . I 'm not going anywhere until I 'm finished . When you cease your efforts to breach the containment field , life support will be restored . No deal . Warning . SeIf-destruct sequence has been initiated . Warp core overload in three minutes . Increasing velocity . Preparing to adjust our heading to intercept . Janeway to Torres . Yes ? This is your last chance to get back here , B 'EIanna . I have to launch the Iast escape pods . I understand , Captain . I 'm almost finished . Let me stay . Warning . SeIf-destruct sequence has been initiated . Warp core overload in two minutes . Containment field integrity at 20 percent and falling . Perhaps your delta Quadrant hypothesis deserves further consideration . Nice try . Who would have thought two years ago , after all those weeks we spent together perfecting your program ... that we 'd end up out here ... trying to kill each other . probability assessment did not anticipate this outcome . The missile 's containment field is collapsing . Beam her back now . Hang on . Warning . SeIf-destruct sequence has been initiated . Warp core overload in one minute . Computer , terminate seIf-destruct sequence . Authorization : Janeway-pi-one-one-zero . Confirmed . Sequence terminated . Janeway to Torres . B 'EIanna , are you ... ? She 's here in Sick Bay , Captain . please turn to your emergency medical holographic channel . Doctor , I forgot about you . How flattering . I wanted to advise you that I took the liberty of beaming Lieutenant Torres from the transporter room to Sick Bay . She is somewhat singed around the edges , but should make a complete recovery . Very good , Doctor . Janeway out . Mr. Tuvok , prepare to retrieve our escape pods . Let 's bring our crew home . Aye , Captain .
