 A vessel has been detected . Unimatrix 424 , grid 1 16 . Activate . Alter course to intercept . Vessel identified . Federation Starfleet ; lntrepid-class . 143 life-forms . Prepare for assimilation . We are the Borg . You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . Break off your pursuit or we 'll open fire . irrelevant . is it ? You 've scanned our vessel . You know we can match your firepower . You will be assimilated . Regenerate primary shield matrix . Remodulate weapons . Security breach . Starfleet photon torpedo . Disarm weapon . I thought we were trying to disable it . The torpedo detonated near the power matrix . It caused a chain reaction . Survivors ? None . Debris status ? There 's a few components intact , but they 're badly damaged . Begin a salvage operation . Captain ? There might be something we can use- - weapons , a transwarp coil ... I don 't know about the rest of you ... but I feel lucky today . Now , this is how I prefer the Borg- - in pieces . Eight kilotons of debris- - most of it hull fragments . So far , we 've recovered two power nodes and a dozen plasma conduits , all in working order . Their propulsion system- - anything left ? B 'Elanna found a transwarp coil . It 's lighter than I expected . Must be some kind of polytrinic alloy . Let 's hope our little skirmish got back to the hive mind . Maybe they 'll think twice before they attack us again . It was only a probe . Next time , we might not be so lucky . Captain ! Don 't touch that . What is it ? I don 't know , but a few minutes ago , it was crawling around the floor . I think it 's some kind of auto-regeneration unit . Thanks for the warning . By my count , we 've added at least two years to our journey by avoiding the Borg . I 'm tired of turning tail every time we detect a cube . Better safe than assimilated . Mmm ... Maybe I should go to Red Alert and get it over with . Commander ? You 're about to drop one of your bombshells . Now , what makes you say that ? The way you fiddle with your combadge . You do it every time . Well , I 'll have to keep an eye on that . Eureka ! I was hoping to find one of these . It 's a servo-armature from a medical repair drone- - laser scalpel , biomolecular scanner , microsuture- - all rolled into one instrument . No Federation Sick Bay should be without one . This could revolutionize the way that I perform surgery . Excellent . Why don 't you deactivate it for now , hmm ? Remodulate the coil frequency . No effect . Try again . The field regulator is fused . What seems to be the problem ? We can 't activate the transwarp coil . When a Borg vessel is critically damaged , all of its vital technology self-destructs . The coil is beyond repair . At least the Doctor found a new toy . Captain . Data nodes . One of them is a drone manifest . The other contains tactical information . Specifically ? Long-range sensor telemetry , assimilation logistics and vessel movements for a radius of 30 light-years . Well , let 's take a look . I 'll need to convert the information to Starfleet parameters . Time ? Two hours . Do it . After nine hours of staring at that debris , I was beginning to feel like a drone . I could use a shower . Do Borgs shower ? Neelix ? We need a couple of beers . Name your malt . Ktarian and replicate a pint for yourself because we are going to toast the man of the hour . Oh . Yeah , it was Harry 's idea to beam over a photon torpedo while they were remodulating their shields . I didn 't think they 'd fall for it . Ah , but they did , hook , line and sinker . I would have loved to have seen the look on their faces . Boom ! Well , to be honest , I wish the boom would have been a bit smaller . We were only trying to disable them . They were drones , Harry . Mindless automatons . We did them a favor . Seven . Um ... Look , I , I didn 't mean anything by that . Your apology is irrelevant . It 's impossible to offend a mindless drone . Cheers . I was able to recover 62 percent of the data . This is an iso-grid of Borg tactical movements across 25 sectors . Are there any dangers along our present course ? There are three cubes approximately nine light-years away , traveling on a trajectory parallel to our own . They do not pose a threat . What about that vessel ? It 's a scout ship eight light-years away , traveling at warp 2 . The ship is heavily damaged . Was it attacked ? No . An ion storm . The sphere is presently regenerating . That explains why it 's traveling at low warp . Limping home . In a manner of speaking . I want a detailed schematic of this vessel , down to the power distribution nodes . I think we 've just struck gold . So what we have here in two simple words is ... Fort Knox . Captain ? Tom , translate ? Fort Knox- - the largest repository of gold bullion in Earth 's history . Over 50 metric tons worth over $ 9 trillion US dollars . Keep going . Well , uh , when the new world economy took shape in the late 22nd century and money went the way of the dinosaur , Fort Knox was turned into a museum . And no one ever managed to break into that facility , right ? Well , a couple of Ferengi tried about ten years ago , but other than that , it 's considered impenetrable . Are you planning a heist ? As a matter of fact . Except we 're not chasing gold . We 're going to steal a transwarp coil . Think it might come in handy ? If I could equip our engines with even one coil , we could shave about 20 years off this trip . Do you believe the Borg sphere is damaged enough for us to penetrate its defenses ? Long enough to take what we want and get out in one piece , but we 'd have to plan this operation down to the millisecond . There would be no margin for error . As I see it , we plan an intercept course that won 't attract their attention , then create a diversion to keep them occupied , so we can send in an away team to obtain the technology . I 'd like to see the data on that sphere . We might be able to re-create parts of it on the holodeck , run a few tactical simulations . It 's all yours . We need to mask our warp signature . I 've got a few Maquis tricks up my sleeve . They 're not exactly Starfleet-approved , but ... This is no time for protocol . Get started . The sphere is three days away by maximum warp . Set a course . Chakotay , I want an outline for our heist by tomorrow morning . We 've proven ourselves against the Borg once before- - twice before- - but we 're always the ones under attack . I think it 's time to do a little assimilating of our own , hmm ? Dismissed . I was hoping you 'd be a little more vocal . Any thoughts ? Your plan is ambitious . There are many variables , but it can succeed . I 'd like to narrow that list of variables . I was hoping your parents might provide us with a few insights . I 've been looking over the records we found on the USS Raven . Your parents kept extensive field notes- - detailed journals . There are over 9,000 log entries alone . The information is irrelevant . On the contrary , Seven . They spent their careers studying the Borg . They tracked a cube at close range for what- - two years ? Three . Well , I 'd say that made them experts . I want you to study their research . Look for any data that might give us a tactical edge . My parents were assimilated . Obviously , their tactics were flawed . Look ... these records have been collecting dust in our database for over a year . You say they 're irrelevant , and I say you 've been avoiding them . You 're the best person for the job , but I 'll assign it to Chakotay if ... No . The information belongs to me . I will read it . You 're late . Sorry . It took longer than I expected to download these records . This is only the first batch . Your parents sure had a lot to say . I organized the information by category- - field notes , personal logs , biokinetic analyses . I don 't mean to pry , but is it true your parents were studying the Borg ? Yes . The Hansens were exobiologists . Fascinating . They must have been very courageous . They were misguided . A faded holo-image . That 's all I 've got left of my family . A picture of my sister . Except , of course , what I keep in here . What I wouldn 't give for a treasure trove like this . Well ... I 'd better get started on the rest of those files . Field notes , USS Raven , Stardate 3261 1.4 . It 's about time . The Federation Council on Exobiology has given us final approval . Starfleet 's still concerned about security issues , but they 've agreed not to stand in our way . We 've said our good-byes , and we 're ready to start chasing our theories about the Borg . Zoom ... zoom ... Ah ... put down the cube , muffin . It 's not a toy . I won 't crash it . Come here . Daddy wants to talk to you . Come here . Now ... remember when I said that you , me and mommy were going on a very long voyage ? Uh-huh . Well , we 're leaving tomorrow and we won 't see Earth for quite a while . Are we going to see the Borg ? If we 're lucky . Do the Borg have kids , too ? Well , nobody knows . We 'll be the first humans to study them up close . What do they look like ? Well , we 're not sure , exactly , but we think they might look a lot like us , but with technology inside their bodies . Cy-ber-netic ? Mm-hmm . Are they friendly ? Well , they 're different . They don 't talk like us , or even think like us , but ... we 're hoping to make friends one day . I hope so , too , Daddy . Field notes , USS Raven , Stardate 32623.5 . We 've been tracking stray readings for nearly eight months now , but there 's still no sign of a vessel . I 'm beginning to wonder if the Borg are nothing more than rumor and sensor echoes . Magnus ? We have to keep moving . If we take the replicators off-line and run environmental systems at half power , we can go another 20 light-years before refueling . We should refuel now . The nearest dilithium is in an asteroid field just ten days from here . That 's ten days we can 't afford to lose . We 're getting close . If we stop now , we might as well just turn around and go home . Home ? To what ? We have deviated from our flight plan , crossed the Neutral Zone , disobeyed a direct order to return . Our colleagues obviously think we are insane . We have burned our bridges , Magnus . I can 't sleep . Come here . Why can 't Annika sleep ? The greatest scientific mystery of our time . I have a hypothesis . Her noisy parents are keeping her up . Hmm . Sounds plausible . Triquantum waves- - 600,000 kilometers off the port bow . Subspace disruptions . Field magnitude 2.9 teracochranes and rising . Annika , bed . Power utilization curve is highly symmetric . Artificial source probability .98 . Now . It 's got to be a transwarp conduit . Nothing else could generate these readings . I 'm taking us closer . It 's a Borg cube- - 2,000 kilometers starboard . I 've got a visual . It 's massive . 28 cubic kilometers , 129,000 life-forms on board . We 're being scanned . They haven 't altered course . This could prove our theory . They ignore any life-form until they consider it a threat , or a target . They 're moving off . Let 's match their course and speed . Keep a distance of five million kilometers . Seven of Nine to the Bridge . On my way . Have we been detected ? No , ma 'am . I have a visual . On screen . Magnify . Looks like they took a real beating . They could still pose a threat . Let 's not get too close . Match their course and speed . Keep a distance of ten million kilometers . Aye , Captain . Seven , scan the vessel . I want to know their current status . Their weapons array is regenerating , but shields and transwarp drive are still off-line . How long until they have transwarp ? Approximately 72 hours . We may not get this opportunity again and I don 't intend to miss it , whatever it takes . Double shifts , 'round-the-clock simulations . I want to be ready . Bridge to away teams . You 're six seconds behind schedule . We are at the shield matrix . Stand by . Primary shield generator- - l 've got it . Spatial charges- - here , there and there . You 've got 55 seconds . Tuvok to Janeway . Charges set . We are returning to the transport coordinates . The transwarp coil is off-line . Tuvok , now . Activate the charges . Bridge , their shields are down . Energize . Tom ? I 've got a lock . Target obtained . You 're out of time . They 've adapted . This way . Seven ! Bridge , stand by for transport . Hurry ! Energize . I 've got them . Transporter Room 1 . Beam them out of here . I can 't get a lock . They 've adapted to our transport frequencies . Computer , freeze program , both holodecks . What happened ? They tapped into our transporter beam . Chakotay to Holodeck 2 . We got the transwarp coil , but we also picked up some uninvited guests . What was our time ? Two minutes , 12 seconds . 12 seconds too late . Once we disable their sensor grid , we only have two minutes until it regenerates . Did you run into any problems ? None . We were efficient . What if we try to beam directly into the transwarp chamber ? There 's too much shielding . Perhaps we could modify our transporters . I 've already explored that option . It won 't work . 12 seconds ... might as well be an eternity . The Hansens ... they were able to remain inside a Borg cube for several hours without being detected . How ? I 'm not certain . Well , keep investigating . Yes , Captain . We 've run enough simulations for one day . Let 's work on refining our tactics . Anything we can do to shave a few more seconds off our little heist . Computer , end program . I don 't know about you , but I 'm glad to be back on Voyager . Borg vessels make my skin crawl . It was a holodeck re-creation . Close enough . We 've just spent the last three hours dodging drones . It didn 't bother you ? Your point ? You seemed a little nervous in there . The last time I was on a Borg vessel , I was a drone . The re-creation was unsettling . You were reluctant to look at your parents ' research , and now I sense you 're a little reluctant to go on this mission . Maybe I 'm pushing you too fast . I 'll adapt . It 's easier said than done . It 's been over two years since you came face-to-face with the collective . Are you sure you 're up to it ? I need everybody working at peak efficiency . You doubt my ability to function ? No. I 'm simply voicing my concerns . They are unjustified . I hope so , because the next time , we won 't be on the holodeck . Understood . Naomi Wildman . I had a bad dream . Can I stay with you for a while ? Where is your mother ? She 's working in Engineering , and Neelix is on a duty shift . Please ? I won 't bother you . Very well . It looked just like this . What did ? In my dream . There was Borg stuff everywhere . Elaborate . I went on the mission- - the one my mom told me about , the Borg sphere- - but it didn 't work . Everybody got assimilated . Nightmares are caused by irrational fear . They 're not real . They can 't damage you . Try to ignore it . Mom said we 're going to steal something . A transwarp coil . Will you be on the sphere ? Yes . Are you scared ? We will succeed . But what if you don 't ? What if they make you a drone again ? Naomi Wildman , you agreed not to bother me . What 's it like to be a drone ? Does it hurt ? You will terminate this line of questioning . Do the Borg have kids ? What do they look like ? Are they friendly ? Return to your quarters immediately . Resistance is futile . Seven of Nine to Security . Intruder alert . They can 't hear you . Who are you ? I am the Borg . Seven of Nine , Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One , you 've become weak . This is a dream . I 'm regenerating . It 's not a dream . We 've accessed your neural transceiver . Our thoughts are one . We know about Voyager 's plan to invade the sphere . It will fail . If that 's true , then why haven 't you assimilated them ? We 've come to make you an offer . Rejoin the collective and we 'll spare Voyager . Why me ? Because ... you are unique . Field notes , USS Raven , Stardate 32629.4 . After three months of tracking our Borg cube , the vessel entered a transwarp conduit . We followed in its wake . Our sensors tell us we 've traveled all the way to the Delta Quadrant , the Borg 's native territory . Magnus , you 're breaking up . It 's just some bioelectric interference . Stand by . is that better ? Much . How 's Junior ? He took a real beating when that plasma conduit blew out . He 's regenerating . Wait a minute . Something 's happening . Bill and Needle Fingers just arrived . This is odd . They 're making repairs to Junior . I thought drones from different subunits didn 't interact . Looks like we were wrong . They deactivated him . Why ? Maybe he was too badly damaged . They 're dismantling him . They must be salvaging the components . Your biodampener is losing power . It 's time to come home . I 've got another minute or so . Stand by . We may not get another chance to observe this behavior . It prevented the Borg from detecting them . They referred to it as a biodampener . The device creates a field around the body which simulates the physiometric conditions within a Borg vessel . Camouflage . Precisely . We need four of these devices . How soon can you replicate them ? I 'll have to tailor each unit to its user 's physiology . A few hours at least . Begin immediately . I 'll inform the Captain . Ingenious design . The Hansens were resourceful . Sounds like you 're warming up to your folks . It was merely an observation . This is an important stage of your social development , Seven . Try not to think of it as simply a research project , but as an exploration of how you were raised . My parents underestimated the collective . They were destroyed . Because of their arrogance , I was raised by Borg . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Operation Fort Knox is ready to proceed . All departments are standing by and I 've given the order to begin at 0600 hours . Coffee ? You look like you could use some . No . It 's a human vice you might want to try one day . Keeps you sharp . One day . I 've been fine-tuning our game plan for tomorrow morning ... and I 've decided to reassign you to the Bridge . Captain ... I 'm concerned about Voyager 's safety and if the sphere decides to attack , I 'll need your expertise at tactical . I should be on the away team . B 'Elanna will do just fine in your place . You may encounter unexpected obstacles- - force fields , encryption codes . I 'm the only member of this crew who can anticipate them . You underestimate the rest of us ? And you underestimate the Borg . This is more than just a question of tactics . I 'm concerned about your well-being ... and your ability to perform on this mission . Your concern is unwarranted . is it ? I 'm not the only one who 's worried about you . Chakotay , Neelix , the Doctor- - we 've all noticed changes in your behavior . You are preoccupied , agitated , and you 're making mistakes . Don 't get me wrong . I appreciate your efforts and we couldn 't have come this far without your help ... but it 's obviously taken its toll . If I 'd realized how those journals were going to affect you , I never would have pushed you to read them , and I 'm not about to ask you to face the collective in your present frame of mind . The past several days have been difficult , but I must join the away team , and I assure you I will not make another mistake . I 've made my decision , Seven . If I don 't go , this mission will fail . You sound awfully certain about that . I know the Borg . And I know you . There 's more to what you 're saying . What 's wrong ? Over the past two years , I have become familiar with the individuals on this vessel . Voyager is my collective now . Your survival is important to me . I am willing to risk my own well-being , if it increases our chances of success . Assign me to the away team ... please . Thank you . Seven . You 've made remarkable progress as an individual and as a member of this crew . For what it 's worth ... Voyager wouldn 't be the same without you . A vessel has been detected . Unimatrix 424 , grid 03 . Activate . Vessel identified . Federation Starfleet class-2 shuttlecraft . Three life-forms . The sphere 's maintaining course . Move the shuttle in closer . The Borg are still ignoring it . Bridge to Transporter Room 2 . They 're not taking the bait . Shuttle status ? All systems go . False bio-readings are holding steady . How about a phaser shot across their bow ? Might grab their attention . No . The shuttle would be perceived as a threat and they 'd destroy it . Commander , increase the energy output of the shuttle 's warp profile . That should present a more inviting target . Warp signature detected . Prepare for assimilation . Relevant technology . Engage tractor pulse . They 've got it . They 're pulling it in toward a docking port along the central radius . 500 meters ... 200 ... They 're dropping shields . Energize . They 're in . Biodampeners are stable . They 're as good as invisible . The sphere ? The shields are back up . They 're assimilating the shuttle . Keep a sensor lock on the away team . Maintain course . Never forget who you are . Seven ... Are you all right ? Proceed . Primary shield generator- - got it . Spatial charges- - here , there and there . Tuvok to Janeway . Charges set . Returning to transport coordinates . The transwarp coil is off-line . Tuvok , now . Activate the charges . Their shields are down . Lock onto the coil and energize . Target obtained . Seven of Nine ... Seven , keep moving ! No . I wish to stay . I intend to rejoin the collective . I can 't let you do that . You have no choice . Keep moving . That 's an order . Go ! Chakotay to away team . The sphere has detected Voyager . They 've altered course to intercept and they 're charging weapons . We 've got to get you out of there now . 400,000 kilometers and closing . Full power to weapons . I 'm not leaving without you . Then you will be assimilated . They can see us . How ? I don 't know . Bridge , we 're in position . Three to beam up . Three ? Energize ! Where 's Seven ? She had a change of heart . Report . The sphere 's changing course . They 're retreating . They 're bringing their remaining transwarp coils on-line . Pursuit course . Target their propulsion system . They 're gone , Captain . Welcome home . You 've changed . Your exo-plating ... your ocular implant . They 've taken you apart ... and they 've re-created you in their own image . Hair ... garments ... but at the core , you are still mine . The Borg have changed as well . I expected reassimilation , not conversation . I see they 've also given you a sense of humor . My humor is my own . Spoken like a true individual . The last two years must have been a remarkable experience . You are unique . My experience will add to your perfection . Yes . That is why you removed me from Voyager . That is why we put you there in the first place . You believe that Voyager liberated you from the collective . Did you really think we would surrender you so easily ? Explain . You must be tired . It 's time to regenerate . We 've adapted an alcove just for you . Go. lt will help order your thoughts . When your cycle is complete , we will continue our conversation . Comply . Progress ? We were having trouble modulating the coil to our warp field . But I had an inspiration this morning . Instead of trying to adapt the coil to our technology , we should be adapting our systems to theirs . With any luck , we should have transwarp capability by 0600 . Impressive . Actually I can 't take all the credit . I did some digging in Seven of Nine 's personal database and I found some designs she 'd been working on to enhance the warp drive . With a few adjustments ... Work with Mr. Paris on a flight plan . I want to make our first trial run tomorrow afternoon . Right . And B 'Elanna ... don 't access personal databases without my authorization . Captain ? There are protocols for observing privacy on this ship . No offense , but Seven of Nine 's not on this ship anymore . I realize the two of you weren 't exactly close . Regardless , we just lost one of our own . She was never one of our own , Captain . Didn 't she just prove that ? I don 't know what happened on that sphere , and neither do you , Lieutenant . Carry on . No sign of Borg activity . We made a clean getaway . The sphere ? It hasn 't shown up on long-range sensors or subspace telemetry . It could be anywhere in the Quadrant by now . Launch a class-5 probe . Scan for residual transwarp signatures . Understood . Why choose this moment to rejoin the collective ? Maybe she 'd been planning it all along . She 's had any number of opportunities to leave before now . But never direct access to a Borg vessel . " l will betray you . " That 's what she said two years ago when you disconnected her from the hive . Two days ago , she told me Voyager had become her collective . Captain ... we 've cleared out most of the debris , but before we vaporize it , I 'd like to melt down the larger fragments and extract the polytrinic compounds . Makes sense . That leaves just one item- - Seven of Nine 's alcove . It requires a lot of power- - over 30 megawatts . Should I deactivate it ? No , leave it alone . Computer , isolate the sensor readings for time index 1 14.6 . Identify source . Random subspace energy fluctuations . Isolate the sensor readings for time index 166.2 . Source ? Random subspace energy fluctuations . Computer , run a transpectral analysis on all subspace fluctuations . Yes ? A member of the crew has requested an appointment with the Captain . I informed her that you were occupied , but she was insistent . Whatever it is , I 'm sure Commander Chakotay can handle ... Request granted . Send her in . Permission to submit a proposal for your review . Proposal ? It 's a rescue operation for Seven of Nine . Oh ... You created this plan all by yourself ? Yes , ma 'am . You see , if we change our long-range sensors to Seven 's cortical implant frequency , maybe we can find her . The Delta Quadrant is a very big place and Seven could be thousands of light-years from here . What if we boosted our sensor range with power from the main deflector ? You 've been spending too much time in Engineering . I 'm afraid it 's not quite that simple , but thank you , crewman . Your initiative is duly noted . Captain ? You 're not going to give up , are you ? There are three things to remember about being a Starship Captain- - keep your shirt tucked in , go down with the ship ... and never abandon a member of your crew . Transpectral analysis complete . Take a look at this , Naomi . What do you see ? Sensor logs . These aren 't random energy fluctuations . They 're Borg com signals and they were all directed at Cargo Bay 2 . You mean the Borg were talking to Seven of Nine ? It sure looks that way . Come on . Good morning . My visual cortex ... it 's been altered . We 've enhanced it with Borg technology . You 've seen through human eyes long enough . It 's a neural processing adjunct designed to increase your synaptic efficiency . Remove it . You prefer to remain small . I prefer to remain unique . Don 't be afraid . We won 't turn you into a drone . You 're much too valuable to us with your individuality intact , but you 've left humanity behind . Try to abandon their petty emotions as well . Fear ... anger ... vanity . They 've corrupted you ... but the damage can be repaired . You 've expended significant resources to capture me . Why ? Isn 't it obvious ? You 're going to help us assimilate humanity . We failed in our first attempt to assimilate Earth and we won 't succeed the next time unless we understand the nature of their resistance . We want you to be our eyes . Let us see humanity . While I was regenerating , you assimilated my memories . Our thoughts are one . Then you already possess all of my knowledge . What more do you want ? You are the only Borg that has ever returned to a state of individuality . We want to keep you exactly the way you are . Otherwise , you would lose your human perspective . We don 't want another drone . We want you . I will resist . I know . What 's happening ? Our vessel is disengaging from the Unicomplex . We 're setting a course for grid 532 . State our purpose . Assimilation . Our presence is not required , but I thought the experience would be a rewarding one for you . Species 10026 . How many life-forms ? 392,000 . You 're experiencing compassion- - a human impulse . You 've forgotten what it means to be Borg . Those lives will be added to our own . Field notes , USS Raven , supplemental . It 's been a busy week . The cube linked with another Borg vessel and received over 50,000 new drones . We now begin the dangerous task of identifying the newcomers . Species 6961 ... Ktarian . Tritanium infrastructure . He 's a tactical drone . Take a look at his proximity transceiver . Let 's check his previous designation . Three of Five . Tertiary Adjunct of ... Unimatrix One . I want to keep an eye on this one . Let 's tag him . Bring me the subdermal probe , will you ? is he special ? Very special . We think he used to work near the Borg queen . If he ever goes back there ... we 'll be able to track him now . Does the queen have a throne ? Nobody knows . We think she 's more like the queen of an insect colony . She helps coordinate all the other drones . His regeneration cycle 's almost complete . We better get him back . Bye . He 's in his alcove . Nobody missed him . Enough drones for one day . Anybody hungry ? Me . You two go ahead . I want to read through his cranial transceiver logs , see if he was ever in direct contact with the queen . Don 't be long . It turns out his hunch was right- - the drone had been receiving direct commands from this ... Borg queen . I analyzed the com signals . Look at the transpectral frequencies . They match the ones that were sent to Seven . What did the Hansens learn about this queen ? I 'm afraid they never got a chance to find out . One thing is certain , she contacted Seven of Nine , and the next day , Seven rejoined the Borg . Obviously , she exerts some influence . You think Seven was instructed to leave Voyager ? . instructed ... coerced . She insisted she join the away team . She was adamant that if she didn 't board that sphere , our mission would fail . Sounds to me like she was being threatened . My instincts told me she was holding something back , but I ... I didn 't pursue it . I let her go . If you hadn 't , we might all be drones by now . What 's running through that collective mind of yours ? You 've got thousands of species to choose from , billions of individuals . Why Seven of Nine ? You should 've assimilated us while you had the chance . Captain ? I want you to keep analyzing the Hansens ' database . Compile a list of every technology they created to track the Borg . Assemble a team of engineers to assist you . If you 're planning a rescue mission , that research will only take us so far . Oh ? I 've studied their log entries long enough to realize that as brilliant as the Hansens were , they made a fatal mistake . They became overconfident . We won 't make the same mistake . This will be a long-range tactical rescue . It could take days , even weeks , before we find our missing crewman . Lieutenant Torres is equipping the Delta Flyer with the transwarp coil . It 'll allow us to cover more territory . An away team will take it into transwarp space , where Tuvok believes we can track the sphere that abducted Seven of Nine . Thanks to the Hansens , we 'll be well-prepared for an encounter with the Borg . Their multiadaptive shielding will make the Flyer virtually invisible to Borg sensors , and narrow-beam transporters will allow us to penetrate the sphere . Mr. Paris , you 'll man the helm . Commander Tuvok , tactical . Doctor , there 's no telling what condition Seven will be in when we find her . You 'll come along . Yes , Captain . I 'll be leading the away team . The rest of you will remain on Voyager and maintain position at the threshold of our transwarp conduit . We may need tactical support when we return . You 'll be taking your orders from Commander Chakotay . We 'll be searching for one individual among thousands of drones ... But she 's one of us ... and I 'm not about to let her go . Let 's get started . All systems go . We 're ready for the jump . Bring the coil on line . Prepare for transwarp . Power output fluctuating . Compensating . We 're at critical velocity . Engage , Mr. Paris . Transwarp in four ... three ... two ... We 've crossed the threshold . Steady as she goes . Doctor ... are you all right ? Just a little motion sickness . I 'll need to adjust my matrix to accommodate for extreme velocity . I 'm detecting residual transwarp signatures . They match the Borg sphere . Adjust our course and follow it , Mr. Paris . I believe the Captain 's order was " steady as she goes . " Full speed ahead . We 've arrived . Are you ready ? I have familiarized myself with the species . Tactical weakness ? Their vessels lack maneuverability . Tactical strength ? They 've developed a modulating phaser pulse that can penetrate our shields . How do you propose we adapt ? You are the Borg . You tell me . 39 of their vessels are converging on our position . They 're firing weapons . Our shields are failing . We will be destroyed . How do you propose we adapt ? Triaxillate our shield geometry to absorb their phaser pulses . I was thinking the same thing . Adaptation complete . They 're no longer a threat . Go to the primary assimilation chamber . You 'll monitor the bio-extraction process . You look reluctant . Maybe I 've been pushing you too quickly . You can assist with the repairs to our shield matrix instead . Seven of Nine ... be efficient . Assist me . I am not Borg . I will help you escape . Assist me . I 'm detecting one of your vessels . It 's heavily damaged . The crew is dead . The Borg are ignoring it . Its propulsion system is still functioning . I will transport you aboard . Remain there until the Borg leave orbit . Then set a course on a heading of 121 mark 9 . Do you understand ? Congratulations . Regarding ? Assimilation is complete . 300,000 individuals have been transformed into drones . Should they be congratulated as well ? They should be . They 've left behind their trivial , selfish lives and they 've been reborn with a greater purpose . We 've delivered them from chaos ... into order . Comforting words . Use them next time instead of " resistance is futile . " You may elicit a few volunteers . You cling to sarcasm because you are afraid to see the truth . Species 10026 is already adding to our perfection . You can feel their distinctiveness coursing through us ... enhancing us . Stop resisting . Take pleasure in this . I will not take pleasure in the destruction of a race . Human sentiment ... compassion ... guilt ... empathy ... they 're irrelevant . Not to me . " Me " ? There is no me . There is only us ... one mind . My thoughts are my own . We 've overlooked something- - a ship ... four life-forms . They 're trying to escape . How do you suggest we proceed ? Destroy the vessel or assimilate it ? Neither . There are only four life-forms and the vessel is heavily damaged . It would be an inefficient use of our resources . We should ignore it . In this case , our thoughts are not one . If those individuals are allowed to survive , Species 10026 will survive and continue to resist us ... but that 's what you were hoping for , wasn 't it ? You tried to mask their life signs ... but I detected them . Release the vessel . I 'm sorry this lesson has to be so painful for you , but you are a difficult pupil . Abandon your human frailties . They are the cause of your pain . Let them go . Please . I thought compassion was irrelevant . Field notes , USS Raven , Stardate 32634.9 . The Raven was hit by a subspace particle storm . We took heavy damage and our multiadaptive shielding went off-line for 13.2 seconds . Unfortunately , it was long enough for the Borg to perceive us as a threat . I found something- - a nebula . Class ? Mutara . Distance : three light-years . I 'm setting a course . The particle density 's too high . Our hull would breach . We can reinforce structural integrity . We 'll find somewhere else to hide . There 's no time . It 's been three hours and the cube hasn 't found us yet . As long as we can keep masking our warp trail ... The entire collective knows about us by now . They 'll send more ships . The nebula 's too dangerous ! We 've had close calls before . This is no different . Remember when the transporters failed ? And you had to spend the night in the maturation chamber with 52 neonatal drones ? A transwarp conduit , 2.3 light-years starboard . It 's a cube heading right for us . Time to intercept ? One hour , maybe less . Papa ? Be right there , Annika . Start looking for an M-Class planet . We 'll abandon ship if we have to . Hey . Are we going to be a-simulated ? Not if I can help it . Go back to sleep . Your mother and I have work to do . Are the Borg mad at us ? No . Then why are they chasing our ship ? They 're curious about us ... like we are about them , but don 't worry . We won 't let them get too close . I want to go home . Soon . Papa ? Will it hurt to be a drone ? Sleep . Captain . Hmm ? I 'd like to suggest a few modifications to the com array . Yes ? I 've been studying Seven 's cranial schematics , and I 've isolated the frequency of her interplexing beacon . When we catch up with the sphere , we might be able to send her a brief message . What if she 's already been linked to the hive mind ? Every drone has its own translink signature . Only Seven will be able to hear our message . I 'll give you a hand . The Hansen diaries- - not exactly light reading . I 've been poring over their last log entries for any details we might have missed . I want to make sure history doesn 't repeat itself . They should have quit while they were ahead . Ten million teraquads of data , three years in the wild . They could have studied the Borg for another three decades and still have barely scratched the surface . I agree their methods were unorthodox , but that 's been true of most great explorers . Most explorers don 't take their four-year-old daughter along for the ride . We 'll get her back , Doctor ... with her parents ' help . Captain , I 've got a fix on the sphere 's location . It 's in a region about 200 light-years from here . Red Alert . Bring the multi - adaptive shielding on line . Set a course for those coordinates , and prepare to disengage transwarp drive . Report . I 'm detecting thousands of integrated substructures , trillions of life-forms ... all Borg . There 's a cube coming up fast off our port bow . Did they detect us ? I don 't believe so . Any sign of our sphere ? Yes , ma 'am . Its ion signature leads directly to that ... whatever it is . Take us in , Mr. Paris . Minimum thrusters . Begin scanning for Seven , Tuvok . Aye , Captain . I have a task for you . We 're planning to deploy a new mode of assimilation , designed for highly resistant species . I want you to program the nanoprobes . Your technology has changed since I left the collective . My knowledge is insufficient . Your knowledge for the target species is invaluable . Species 5618 . Human . Warp-capable . Origin : Grid 325 . Physiology : inefficient . Below-average cranial capacity . Minimal redundant systems . Limited regenerative abilities . Our previous attempts to assimilate them were all direct assaults . They failed , so we 've created a more surreptitious strategy . You intend to detonate a biogenic charge in Earth 's atmosphere . It would infect all life-forms with nanoprobe viruses . Assimilation would be gradual . By the time they realized what was happening , half their population would be drones . inefficient . The virus would take years to proliferate . We 've waited this long . lnterface with the central alcove . Begin programming the nanoprobes . Be sure to enhance the viral sequencers . You 've been involved in hundreds of assimilations . This is no different . To you , perhaps . Part of me is still human . I will not assist in their destruction . We all originated from lesser species . I myself came from Species 125 , but that 's irrelevant now . We are Borg . I am an individual . You 're only repeating their words . You sound like a mindless automaton . Comply or we will turn you into a drone . Proceed if you wish . You 're torn between your desire to be one with us , and your loyalty to them . It 's time for you to complete your task . All of your emotions- - grief , guilt , remorse , compassion- - will be irrelevant once humanity is assimilated . Forget Voyager . They were never your collective . I am Annika Hansen , human . I remember Annika . Does she remember us ? She wasn 't afraid . Why are you ? You attacked us . You murdered my family ! We did no such thing . We gave them perfection . Papa ? Your family 's here . You 're here . Be one with us again . Seven of Nine , we 're searching for you . Try to hang on . Captain . What did you say ? Nothing . Janeway . Our transmission 's being deflected . By whom ? I 'm not certain . I 've isolated Seven 's position . She 's inside a large infrastructure , approximately 600 kilometers away . Set a course , Mr. Paris . She 's close . Her com signal originated within this spatial grid , but we can 't detect her vessel . He knows why . Your father designed the technology Captain Janeway 's using- - multiadaptive shielding- - your perfect defense against the Borg , but we assimilated that knowledge , didn 't we ? We will adapt easily . A cube has altered course . It 's heading straight for us . They 've detected us . Remodulate the shields , evasive maneuvers . It flew right past us . We won 't fool their sensors much longer . Tuvok ? Seven is inside a large chamber . Can you get a lock on her ? Not at this distance . Take us to within transporter range . We have their ship- - a Federation shuttlecraft- - three life-forms , one hologram . If you 've captured their vessel , you 've assimilated them by now . I would sense their presence in the collective . Captain Janeway is eluding you . The chamber is too heavily shielded . I can 't get a lock on her . Can we beam into one of these adjoining corridors ? I believe so . Time for the biodampeners . Tom , hold our position . Target that chamber with full weapons . Stand by to fire on my command . Ma 'am , won 't you be down there ? Do it . This way . Try to locate the shield matrix . Tuvok ? I can disable the force field , but it will take several minutes . Do it . Tuvok , give me the subdermal probe . It 's not too late to save them . As you wish . They 've isolated our shields again . Three vessels are converging . I 'm remodulating . You underestimate them . It 's time for a more aggressive approach . I thought they couldn 't see us . They can 't . They 're firing blind . Wake him . It 's transmitting . I 've got it . Field modulation is 324.95 . Proceed . It 's off-line . You 'll be detected . Then I 'd better hurry . You 've got to disable the shield matrix around that chamber . It 's no use . They 've locked on to our shield modulators . They 're adapting the second we change frequencies . We are the Borg . You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . You have failed them . No . We believed you would be an asset to us . We were wrong . You are weak . Don 't listen to her , Seven . She 's irrelevant . Call them off or I 'll destroy you . Your weapons are useless . Don 't be so sure . My Tactical Officer is disabling the shields around this room . Tom , status . We 've targeted the chamber , Captain . Let her go , or I 'll give the order to fire . You would be destroyed as well , along with your crewman . Better than being one of you . Tom , high-yield torpedoes , full spread . Fire on my command . Captain , they 've disengaged the tractor . Hold your fire . Beam us out of here . A dispersal field just activated around the chamber you 're in . We can 't get a lock . Seven , shut down that field . Don 't listen to her . She 's poisoned your thoughts long enough . I 'm giving you an order . One order , one voice . insignificant . Tom , energize . She 's adapting . The field went up again , Captain . I can 't beam you out . You will assist the collective as drones . Assimilate them . Captain , target the power node directly above this alcove . It will disrupt her command interface . Our thoughts are one . Welcome back . Three vessels closing fast . Direct hit to our tactical array . Weapons are down . Bring the coil on line . Prepare for transwarp . Tom ? Transwarp in four ... three ... two ... A vessel entered the conduit with us just before it closed . They 're targeting our engines . Maintain course . Direct hit on the port nacelle . We 're venting plasma . Rerouting emergency power . It 's not enough . I 'll need 30 teradynes at least , or we 'll lose transwarp . How long to the rendezvous coordinates ? 2.4 minutes , but we 'll drop out of transwarp in less than one . Reroute power from life support . Captain ? I 'd rather suffocate than vaporize . Do it . I 'm picking up transwarp signatures . There 's a conduit approaching- - 30,000 kilometers off our port bow . Battle stations . We 're 20 seconds from normal space . The Borg vessel ? Still in pursuit , closing rapidly . 15 seconds . They 're trying to lock on with a tractor beam . Remodulate shields . Threshold in eight ... seven ... six ... They 're locking on . I 've repolarized the shields . It 's being deflected . Three , two ... They 're through . Voyager to Delta Flyer . Report . We 've got Seven , but there 's a Borg vessel right behind us . B 'Elanna , target the threshold perimeter . Photon torpedoes , full spread . Commander ? It should destabilize the matter stream and implode the conduit for at least a light-year . Torpedoes locked . Fire ! Voyager , report . We collapsed the conduit . No sign of Borg activity . Clear us for docking . We 're coming home . Commander , I 'm picking up Borg signatures- - lots of them . Source ? The conduit . I thought you collapsed it . So did I . Stand by weapons . Captain , raise shields . We 've got company . Here they come . Captain 's Log , Stardate 52619.2 . We got another 20,000 light-years out of the transwarp coil before it gave out . I figure we 're a good 15 years closer to home . I see you picked up some bad habits . Captain ? The Doctor told you to regenerate for at least two days . You 're violating a direct medical command . I will comply when my work is completed . Borg tactical data ? During my time at Unimatrix One , I acquired a vast amount of knowledge . It may prove useful in our future encounters with the Borg . I am downloading it into Voyager 's database . The Borg believed I was unique , that I understood humanity . They were obviously mistaken . How so ? I betrayed the crew of Voyager , threatened you with assimilation . I did not expect you to return for me . Looks like you still have a few things to learn . Time to regenerate . When I am finished . No . Now . That 's an order . Yes , Captain . Sweet dreams .
