 23.976 Harry throws it in gear , floors the gas , and backs us right through a burrito stand . So , when are you going to teach me how to drive ? You sure you 're ready ? I 've piloted Starships . I think I can handle a car . Ah , you 'd be surprised . The clutch on a ' 69 Mustang can be pretty tricky . Take a look . She 's watching us again . She 's working . Relax . Dessert ? What is it ? Some cheese I prepared for our Kadi guest . Tell me what you think . It 's a little bland . Just a little ? Oh , that 's bad . The Kadi don 't approve of spices . Anything that might inflame the senses . You 're talking this mission very seriously . The Kadi are easily offended . The Captain 's leaving their representative entirely in my hands while she 's at the colony . I 'm sure you 're up to it , Ambassador . I hope so . She 's watching us again . You 're imagining things . I don 't think so . B 'Elanna ! Enjoying the view ? Explain . You 've been staring at us all night . In fact , you were following us yesterday when we were walking to Engineering and the day before when I was waiting for Tom outside the shuttle bay . You are correct , I have been observing you . It 's part of my research on human mating behaviour . Stardate 52647 , fourteen hours . Subjects quarrel in corridor outside female 's quarters . Male returns with twelve flowering plant stems , species rosa rubifolia , effecting a cessation of hostilities . Stardate 52648 , oh three hundred hours . Intimate relations resume . How the hell do you know when we 're having intimate relations ? There is no one on deck nine section twelve who doesn 't know when you 're having intimate relations . Is there a problem ? I want all the data you 've collected . I haven 't completed the study . Then study this . Borg provokes Klingon , Klingon breaks Borg nose . B 'Elanna ! Call Sickbay . Tell them there 's about to be a medical emergency . B 'Elanna , let 's go have a nightcap . This time you 've crossed the line . I read B 'Elanna 's report . Needless to say , I was surprised . I was careful not to violate protocols . That 's not the point . This is a starship , not a nature preserve . Oh , I 'm missing a pip . You asked me to broaden my knowledge of human behaviour . I 'm not questioning your goals , Seven . It 's your methods . Shouldn 't be taking field notes on the crew . Help me with this , will you please ? Have you ever considered trying it yourself ? Romance , I mean . I do not require a romantic relationship . So why 'd you collect thirty thousand gigaquads of information on the subject ? I 'm late . I missed this on my first pass through their database . Kadi monks only wash with purified water so sonic showers are out . I 've already equipped his quarters with an ablutionary fountain built to their specifications . They observe eight daily services . Noted . Show the ambassador our best side , Neelix . I don 't want him going back to his superiors with tales of how immoral we are . Energise . The ritual greeting . Travellers who have left the sanctity of their home and family , we welcome you into our home , our family . Accept these symbols of our purity and the goddess mother 's blessing . Commander Tuvok , the senior officer who will accompany me , and Mister Neelix , who will familiarise your Ambassador with Voyager . Tomin is an excellent judge of character . He 'll help us determine whether your crew is worthy of receiving our minerals . He 's in very good hands . It is time to welcome you to our home . This way , Ambassador . Voyager 's an Intrepid class Starship with a crew of one hundred and forty six , designed for long-term exploration . I thought we 'd start with a tour of our primary systems . First stop , Engineering . I was hoping I might sample a food item I noted earlier in your data files . Hasperat . It 's a Bajoran dish , very spicy . I believe that your dietary protocols prohibit flavourful foods . I want to broaden my palate while I 'm here , in the interest of better understanding . In that case , first stop , Mess hall . Your cortical implants are operating at peak efficiency . Nanoprobe levels stable . Complaints ? None . I heard about the Mess hall incident . This crew can be very efficient at disseminating information when they choose to be . They say gossip travels faster than warp speed . So why were you studying Tom and B 'Elanna ? Scientific curiosity . Are you sure ? Perhaps there 's a reason that hasn 't occurred to you . You 're a woman , Seven . Is that an observation or a diagnosis ? A simple biological fact , with repercussions that are hard to deny . What is your proposed treatment . Perhaps you should consider expanding your research to the realm of dating . Dating . You mean procreation . One step at a time . Dating is a human ritual wherein two people share a social activity , get to know each other . In time , it can lead to a romantic involvement and eventually , if all goes well , even marriage . One step at a time . This could be an important stage in your social development . It 's worth exploring . The Captain would seem to agree . How shall I proceed ? You mean , we . I 'll prepare a lesson plan . Meet me on Holodeck two in one hour . Most women start dating a little younger than you but , better late than never . I 've prepared an introduction . I call it Love Amid the Stars . The Milky Way , home to thousands of humanoid species and countless courtship rituals . Klingon males initiate courtship by biting the female . Here we see two Bolians getting to know one another . The courtship rituals of some species remain shrouded in mystery . For example Species 8472 appears to have as many as five sexes . Bystanders better keep their distance . Of course , the species you 're most likely to interact with is human , so without further ado , Lesson One . First Contact . There are any number of ways humans can meet prospective mates . Here we see the chance encounter . Equally common is the formal introduction . When first contact is successful romance quickly ensues and , in the happiest of circumstances , procreation . Here we see how fortress ovum is besieged by countless little warriors . Doctor ! I 'm familiar with the phisiological process of sexuality . Well , then let 's skip ahead to the first of the practical exercises . Lesson two . Encounter in a Public Place . Computer , initiate holo-program Paris three . Our location ? Chez Sandrine . It 's on Earth , in a city called Marseilles . Ensign Paris whiled away a good portion of his Academy years here , no doubt to the detriment of his scholastic performance . Now , pull up a bar stool and pretend you 've come here to meet the man of your dreams . Hi , there . Hello . Come here often ? This is my first time . You must be new in town ? How do you like the south of France ? It is very quaint . Exactly as I 've always pictured . It . May I buy you a drink ? I don 't require a liquid supplement at this time . You 're not giving this a fair chance This exercise is pointless . It may seem pointless , but small talk is a vital dating skill . It helps to establish a rapport with your companion . Perhaps there 's something to be said for assimilation after all . All right , why don 't you try your own approach on that gentleman over there . Go ahead . Very well . Hello Hello May I buy you a drink ? Uh Sure . Steven Price , and you are ? Seven of Nine , tertiary adjunct of . You may call me Seven . Seven . That 's an unusual name . Please , have a seat . Looks like Sandrine 's is under new management . Who deleted my pool table ? Shh ! School is in session . More social lessons ? Watch . You might learn something . Curious jewellery . It 's a Borg implant . I was a drone . Oh , so then it 's a family heirloom . Borg do not have families . They have unimatrixes . Well , in that case , why don 't you tell me about your unimatrix . They 're hitting it off , don 't you think ? He 's a hologram . Your point ? Well , you programmed him to interact with Seven . Real people don 't respond the same way . Under my guidance , she 'll be dating real people in no time . You 're teaching Seven how to date ? Ha ! Talk about the blind leading the blind . I 've had my share of romantic encounters . Are you implying that Seven couldn 't get a date ? Are you kidding ? Half the men on this ship would jump at the chance . But getting a date is one thing , keeping it from turning into a disaster is another . I have every confidence in her social skills . Well , fine . Let 's say you get her a date . This is the holodeck , the cards are stacked in her favour , but if you want to really put her to the test you have to do it in the real world , where anything can happen . Mister Neelix is hosting a reception for the Kadi ambassador on Thursday night . Not only will Seven arrive with a date , she will have him eating out of the palm of her hand . Put your latinum where your mouth is . If Seven brings a date to the reception , and leaves with the same date , on good terms , without causing a diplomatic incident , I will work double shifts in Sickbay for the next month . And if she fails ? I get a month off . It 's a bet . Where are you going ? Our small talk is terminated . I have mastered this exercise . We can proceed to the next . If I were you I 'd start looking for somebody to fill in for me . One Ktarian pudding . Mmm . Ah . Mmm . Ah , the texture is so frothy . It seems to be evaporating in my mouth . The recipe includes a catalytic agent designed to do just that . If we don 't hurry , we 'll miss Lieutenant Torres . She 's been waiting half an hour . You 're right . Engineering , your warp core . I must see that . In our society males and females work separately , but I can see the wisdom of your approach . Promotes a more stimulating environment . It 's time for third prayer . Yes , it is , but I think I can forego this service and perform the appropriate penance later . It 's more important that I continue exploring your culture . Perhaps another dessert ? Good morning . It 's time for lesson three . Getting to Know You . Elaborate . The key to finding a compatible partner is learning how to share your interests and goals . We 'll start with hobbies . What do you do with your spare time ? Regenerate . Ah . Tell me about your tastes , your likes and dislikes ! I dislike irrelevant conversations . Okay . Which brings us to goals . What do you want out of life ? Perfection . Perfection is a laudable goal for oneself , but you can 't expect it from others . I learned that lesson myself when I was first activated . One of the ways I adapted was to pursue interests people could identify with . Holo-photography , for example . Opera . Music does have intriguing mathematical properties . Excellent . Perhaps we can mould this curiosity into an interest . Something you can share with others . Let 's see how much you know . Here we see . A basic musical phrase in the major mode . I 've done a preliminary study of the topic . Sing it for me . Seven , has anyone ever told you , you have a beautiful voice ? It 's a true gift . The gift is from the collective . A vocal subprocessor designed to facilitate the sonic interface with Borg transponders . Let 's try something a little more challenging . You are my sunshine ? It 's a simple melody from Earth 's twentieth century . A good piece for beginners . Sing The other night , dear , as I lay sleeping , I dreamed I held you in my arms . That was flawless , but try putting a little more emotion into it . Like this . When I awoke , dear , I was mistaken and I hung my head and cried . See ? Computer , add instrumental accompaniment . On to the chorus . Together now You are my sunshine , my only sunshine . You make me happy when skies are grey . You 'll never know , dear , how much I love you . Please don 't take my sunshine away . You are my sunshine , my only sunshine. you make me happy when skies are grey . You 'll never know , dear How much I love you . Please don 't take my sunshine away . Seven , I need the data from those last two Astrometric scans . In a moment . That looks like the crew manifest . The Doctor asked me to pick a suitable candidate . For what ? Lesson ten . The first date . Your first date ? I 've narrowed the list to two crewmen , based on work performance and compatible interests . I didn 't know you had any interests . Neither did I , but apparently they include astronomy , quantum mechanics and music . I play the clarinet , you know . You are not one of the candidates , Ensign . Oh . Well , maybe I could help you pick Mister Right . Ensign Bronowsky , assigned to the Airponics bay . His work record is flawless and he plays the accordion . Badly , very badly . He 's got no sense of humour . Lieutenant Chapman , Structural Engineering . Chapman 's a nice guy . We worked together on an away mission . He seemed efficient . Robertson , if that 's you , I need an isolinear spanner . It is not . I apologise , Lieutenant . I didn 't mean to startle you . No , my fault . You need something ? Your presence is required er , rather , it is requested , tonight . Nineteen hundred hours , holodeck two . Another engineering simulation ? Dinner . Dinner ? The consumption of nutritional biomatter . No , I know what dinner is . I just . Are you asking me to join you ? Yes . State your response . Okay . Yes . Please be punctual . I will , thanks . A dropped tool can be a workplace hazard . Be more careful next time . Seven ! Please state the nature of the medical emergency . I have a date . Sorry I 'm late . It 's quite all right . In fact , why don 't you take the day off ? Relax . Those double shifts are going to take a lot out of you . Oh ? Seven of Nine has a date tonight . If all goes well , as I 'm sure it will , he 'll accompany her to the reception tomorrow . Who 'd she pick ? Lieutenant William Chapman . Ha ! Chapman ? Good luck . What 's that supposed to mean ? He 's renowned for being nervous around women . So . Are you kidding ? Seven 's dominant personality will have him running for the airlock before dessert . Seven may seem intimidating , but that 's only a reaction to the way people treat her . In fact , she 's an efficient and charming young woman . Efficient . I 'll give you that , but charming ? Most people don 't take the time to look beyond her exterior . Did you know she has a lovely singing voice ? No , I didn 't , but then again , I 've never asked her to sing for me . What are you implying ? It sounds like you 're getting a little infatuated with your star pupil . Infatuated ? That 's absurd . Whatever you say , maestro . It was part of the lesson plan ! You 're meeting with him in ten minutes , Seven . Why aren 't you ready ? I am . Aren 't we forgetting something ? Lesson eight , Dress for Success ! My appearance is sufficient . Sufficient yes , but you could use a little more panache . Let 's start by doing something different with your hair . I don 't have much first-hand experience with this , but , try shaking your head a little bit . Is this more appropriate ? Yes . When I first designed your dermaplastic garment I also tried my hand at some casual attire . You might want to replicate one of these . How shall I choose ? I think you 'd look very nice in this one . I am uncertain how to wear such a garment . Assist me . Oh , I , I , I 'm sure you 'll manage . I 'll go prepare the Holodeck . Remember , the idea is to have fun tonight . I 'll expect a full report in the morning . You , you look beautiful . Thank you Thank you . You look beautiful as well . Thank you . Er , would you like to sit down ? Where is our designated location ? Best table in the house . I wasn 't sure you 'd actually show up . I requested your presence . Well , to be honest , I thought one of my friends put you up to it . Um , Champagne ? Synthehol impairs my cortical function . Water will suffice . Mind if I ? Proceed . I must admit I 'm a little nervous . Elaborate . Oh , let 's just say it 's been a long time since I 've been out on a date . I 've never been on a date . As a result I am experiencing anxiety as well . Well , I guess that means we 've got something in common . Garson . Server , report to this station . We require your assistance . Problem ? This creature has an exoskeleton . It 's a lobster . They 're a delicacy on Earth . Try it . I will replicate you a new garment . I 'm fine , fine . It 's just a little bit of exoskeleton . Maybe we should order dessert . You wish to accelerate our social encounter . No , no , I didn 't say that . I 'm just , er , I 'm having a very interesting evening . Would you like to dance ? That activity is covered in Lesson thirty five . I haven 't reached it yet . I 'm not much of a dancer myself , but it might be fun . As you wish . Relax . Try to relax . You seem a little tense . Relaxation would disrupt my chronographic sequencer . It allows me to maintain synchronous movement with the music . That 's handy but maybe you could ignore your chronographic sequencer and , er , let me lead . That 's better . You are damaged . No , I 'll be all right . You 've torn a ligament . I 'm afraid you 'll have to report to Sickbay . Mister Paris will treat you . No need to mention how this happened . I had a great time , Seven . Let 's do this again , someday . I have failed . Nonsense . Even Romeo and Juliet hit a few snags at first . Besides , Lieutenant Chapman 's not the only lobster in the sea . I wish to terminate our social lessons . Just because you didn 't achieve perfection your first time out , doesn 't mean you should give up . Dating is a poor means of interaction . There is far more efficiency in the way you and I communicate . We say what we mean , simply and directly . You and I do have a rapport , but we 're colleagues . We 're not pursuing romance . No . I 'm certain you 'll be able to master these basic skills in short order . My first date was certainly short . Was that a joke ? Lesson Six , beguiling banter . Now you 're getting the hang of it . Perhaps this evening doesn 't have to end so abruptly . This may be a good time to cover Lesson thirty five , Shall We Dance ? Computer , play Someone To Watch Over Me , instrumental only . We 'll begin with some simple steps . Place your left hand on my shoulder and your right hand in my left . Now follow me , one step at a time . Don 't worry , I don 't have any ligaments to tear . Another drink ! Ambassador ! Neelix ! My friend , my host , my saviour ! Neelix , I want you to meet , Alandra and Tria . What are you doing ? I 'm sampling yet another entree on the menu of pleasure that you have opened up for me . I checked today 's menu , and they 're not on it . Coffee , black . Neelix , I decided to go exploring and I found your holodecks , where I discovered this little gem still simmering in the memory buffer . You can explore it later . Right now , we 've got to get you to your reception . Pungent taste . What is it ? Coffee , and there 's plenty more where we 're going . No coffee on our colony . Nothing to tempt the appetite of even the most weak-willed novitiate . Neelix , a confession ! I am thinking of leaving the colony , joining Voyager . I want to throw off my vows and immerse myself in your wonderful culture . That 's just the synthehol talking . No , I 've never been more clear-headed about anything , and I have you to thank . That 's right . Up . There we go . Hard at work ? Our lessons have disrupted my duties . Then I suppose you 're too busy to attend the Ambassador 's reception . My presence is not required . True , but it might be an opportunity for you to apply your newfound social skills . Lesson eleven , Life of the Party . Exactly . Join me ? Are you asking me on a date ? I suppose I am . Then I accept . Is my appearance sufficient ? You look perfect . How do you bend a hologram 's ear ? Use a prism . What did the counsellor say to the hologram ? You 're projecting . This humour , it 's a revelation . Are you sure you wouldn 't prefer some more coffee ? Coffee . Yes , I 'll have that too . Go . Neelix , is it my imagination or is our guest of honour drunk ? Commander , I tried . I had an itinerary , I even set up a prayer dais in his quarters , but I just couldn 't control him . The Captain is due back in the morning with the Kadi minister . What do I do ? Pray . Well , well , well . What do we have here ? Mister Paris , I believe you know Seven of Nine , my date for the evening . Oh , you don 't say ? Well , your last date ended up in Sickbay . I hope this one goes a little smoother . There 's no need to be insulting . It 's all right , Doctor . I believe he is merely engaging in small talk . May I get either of you gentlemen a drink ? Yes , a gin and tonic with a twist . You know I don 't drink . I don 't have the stomach for it . A well-crafted joke , Doctor . Impressive . You 've actually taught her to be polite . But , don 't think you 've won our bet . She was supposed to bring a real date . Photons and force fields , flesh and blood , why quibble over details . I 'm just as real as any of you . Where 's the funny man ? Mister Tomin , please , why don 't , why don 't we sit down . Oh , there he is , there he is . Ensign Paris , tell us another one of those hologram jokes . You 've been stealing my material ? That guy 's so lubricated he 'll laugh at anything . There he is , the Ambassador of humour . I could use a little help here . Seven , perhaps now would be a good time to review lesson twenty three , Toast of the Town . Very well . Ladies and gentlemen , I require your attention . May cultural differences encourage us to build bridges of understanding . To all that makes us unique . Who is that extraordinary female ? Seven of Nine . I want to meet her . Take a number . That was lovely . Thank you . I 've got to admit it , you 've done wonders . All right , you win . Win ? I know when I 'm licked . You tell me when you want me to start those double shifts . You made a wager regarding me ? Clarify . It 's not what you think . Um , don 't blame him , it was my idea . I believed your interest in my social development was sincere , not motivated by personal gain . It was sincere . Clearly I am not the only one who requires social lessons . Thank you for a lovely evening . Hey , why don 't we go back to my quarters ? I 've studied human mating rituals . Remove your hand or I will remove your arm . Did you hear what she said to me ? I am the guest of honour ! Ambassador , it 's been a long day . Maybe you should get some rest . No ! I 'm not leaving ! I want another drink . I thought synthehol wasn 't supposed to have this effect on people . Most people . The enzymes that break down synthehol aren 't present in his bloodstream . Can you counteract the effects ? I can synthesize the enzymes , but that 'll take days . Days ? The Captain will be back in the morning . Maybe he needs a cold shower . If his superiors find him like this he 'll be banished from the colony and our trade agreement will go right out the airlock . Oh , Seven of mine . It may be possible to encode some of my nanoprobes to assimilate the synthehol molecules . Assimilate me ! There may be some adverse effects . Please . But it 's worth a try . The Kadi have rules against medical procedures that haven 't been sanctified . I 'd say he 's already violated a few rules . What 's one more ? Either we treat him or he remains intoxicated . You 're his caretaker , decide . Nanoprobes . I owe you an apology . Nanoprobe extraction is an insignificant procedure . My systems will adapt . No , I 'm referring to the wager I made with Ensign Paris . I can see how you might have felt manipulated , but I assure you that was never my intention . I accept your apology . I want to make this perfectly clear so there 's no room for misunderstanding . I asked you to go with me to the reception because I enjoy your company . In fact , over the last few days I feel as though we 've grown closer . Closer ? We 've become more than colleagues . We 're friends . Friends . Agreed . I should begin . Of course . I 'll take over from here . Mister Paris . Hypothetically , if one develops romantic feelings for another person , how does one usually go about expressing them ? It 's for one of Seven 's social lessons . Ah . I recommend the direct approach . Tell the person how you feel . What if the feelings aren 't mutual ? Well , that 's the risk you always take . Oh . Thank you . Why don 't you tell her ? Come on , Doc . It 's obvious the Ambassador is not the only one in this room who 's intoxicated . Impossible ! She 's my student . A hologram and a Borg ? Stranger things have happened . Just look at me and B 'Elanna . Er , could we walk a little slower ? They 're due back any minute . But my throat feels like an ancient parchment . Can 't we go back to Sandrine 's for a refreshing glass of . No . No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . Oh , those doors , they 're so loud You 've got a hangover . Neelix , I don 't remember much of last night but , I imagine I might have said some things . You spoke eloquently , charmed the entire crew , your reception was a success . Understand ? Yes . Neelix , you 've been most patient . Well , that 's my job , and it isn 't over yet . Welcome back . Good to be home . How 's it going ? All systems functioning normally . Ensign Kim detected a minor fluctuation in sensor array , but he took care of it . I was referring to Ambassador Tomin . Did he enjoy his visit ? Oh , well , well , I would say that he , er , he enjoyed himself immensely . There are many distractions aboard this vessel . You didn 't indulge in any of their more colourful traditions ? Of course not . We followed the itinerary that you approved , to the last detail . Oh , shame . Your holiness ? It isn 't a violation to explore new experiences , as long as you don 't make a habit of it . I see your point . Shall we conclude our negotiations , Captain ? By all means . I 'll show you to the briefing room . Good work , Ambassador . Do you like them ? Species rosa rubifolia . State your intention . I wanted to congratulate you on the latest phase of your social development . Why don 't you read the card ? You are my sunshine . These past few days have been unforgettable . You 've brought light into my life , Seven . You have developed romantic feelings for me . It 's as if you 've become a part of my program .. When we 're apart , I , I feel like I 'm missing a subroutine . I , I don 't expect you to reciprocate but I wanted you to know how I feel . Computer , end program . Enter . Seven . I wish to speak with you . What a coincidence . I was hoping to speak with you as well . Regarding ? You first . What 's this ? It 's a medical tricorder . I enhanced its scanning resolution by thirty three percent . You once stated you desired a more efficient instrument . I suppose I did . It is a gift . Lesson twenty two , Thanks for the Memories . Is it insufficient ? No , no , it 's very thoughtful . I chose to convey my gratitude at this time because I no longer require your assistance . It 's obvious there are no potential mates for me aboard this vessel . However , if I encounter a compatible individual in the future , I will again seek your guidance . Guidance . Of course . You said you had something to tell me . I just wanted to say the past few days have been unforgettable . Thank you . You 're welcome . Computer , activate holo-program Paris three . Won 't you tell her please to put on some speed , follow my lead , oh how I need someone to watch over me .
