 This is it ? I just sign this , and it 's done ? As soon as I file it with the city clerk . This pen- - she gave it to me . It was an anniversary present . - I don 't remember which one . - Walter . They are expecting the signed documents by the end of business today , - which was ten minutes ago . - I know what time it is . Then you should sign . - What are you doing , Walter ? - After 1 7 years , they can wait another day . Listen . No one knows better than I what an emotional experience this is . Don 't lawyer me , Jane . - I 'll do it tomorrow . - Why put yourself through another day of this ? I said tomorrow . - Buck , I think we have to wait . - Bye ! I know , the regular . I 'll be right back . Excuse me , are you holding this for someone ? It 's the only open seat . Go ahead . Good evening . What can I get you ? Uh , tonic water with lime , please . Sir , would you like another one ? Sure . Thanks . For what ? Ordering another drink ? There 's a man behind me wearing a red tie . For some reason , he felt compelled to tell me half his life story . I was afraid if you got up , he might try to get in the other half . I guess some people think that you owe ' em something just ' cause you 're out alone . - Does that ever bother you ? - What ? Being alone . [ Thunder Rumbling ] [ Growling , Screaming ] [ Screaming Continues ] [ Thunder Rumbling ] [ Gasping ] - Okay . - Excuse me , sir . Excuse me . Thank you . - I 'm looking for Detective Waltos . - Who 's asking ? My name is Mulder . I work with Assistant Director Skinner . I 'd like to speak with him . After he gives his statement . We 're gonna finish up at the station house . Why don 't you just get a statement here ? It seems the assistant director is suffering from a minor memory lapse . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - [ Beeps ] - Yeah ? It 's me . I just got your message . You said Skinner called in a homicide . It appears to be a little more complicated than that . Seems like he had a front-row seat . - I don 't understand . - I don 't understand it either . They 're not letting me talk to him . Hold on a second . Excuse me , sir ? I appreciate your concern , Agent Mulder , but there 's no need for you to get involved . Detective . Detective . Detective ! Will you at least tell me what happened ? What does he say happened ? He claims he met the victim in the bar downstairs . After a couple of drinks , they decide to get a room , which is all fine , except when he wakes up , he finds her lying next to him with a broken neck . - That 's all he says he remembers . - You don 't believe him ? He refused to take a polygraph test . It 's not helping his credibility . What about the victim ? Has she been identified ? Not yet . She had no purse , nothing with her name on it . There must be evidence of an intruder of some kind . Agent Mulder , I 've been on the job for 1 8 years . I know the drill . Then if you know the drill , you should be canvassing hotel employees , housekeeping- - I appreciate that he 's a colleague of yours , but I want you to understand something : He 's also a suspect . Detective , when you 're done questioning him , I 'd appreciate a call . All right . - Get any of that ? - Most of it . Mulder , I 'm on my way . No , no , no , I want you to take a look at that body . Get down to the coroner 's . I 'll meet you there . The conspicuous absence of any contusions or lacerations ... would strongly suggest that the victim 's injuries were sustained without a struggle . From my observations , I would have to concur with the county coroner 's report ... that her murder was most probably a sudden and violent act ... in a vulnerable moment . Beyond this , I found nothing in my postmortem examination ... - to recommend further investigation . - Beyond what ? Her spinal cord was crushed , Mulder . The cervical vertebrae was fractured in what appears to be manual trauma . Were Skinner 's the only prints lifted from the body ? So far . They found no semen samples . There was some irritation , probably an allergic reaction to latex . At least they were having safe sex . Have they learned anything more ? Yeah , her name was Carina Sayles . She was legal secretary for one of the criminal defense firms here in town . - Have you talked to anybody she worked with ? - One of the partners . She was fired a few weeks ago over an indiscretion . An indiscretion ? Yeah , she was moonlighting . She was taking a little work from one of the firm 's clients . - What kind of work ? - This client operated an escort service . She was a prostitute . - Give me five minutes here . - I 'll get the car . Addendum : Observed what appears to be a residual phosphorescence ... around the victim ' s mouth and nose . Note to have this analyzed . - Yes ? - Lorraine Keller here ? She 's busy right now . Is there something I can help you with ? Busy or not , we need to speak with her . I 'll tell her you 're here . Lorraine ! - Business must be booming . - I think you mean banging . Whatever this is about , can we do it later ? I 'm running late . We 'd like to ask you some questions about an employee of yours- - Carina Sayles . She does work for you , doesn 't she ? I 'm ten minutes late for a meeting with her . That 's all right . I don 't think she 's gonna be making that meeting . Oh ? Why not ? She 's dead . She was murdered last night . - How ? - That 's what we 're still trying to determine . I , um- - I don 't know what to say . You can start by telling us if she was working last night . And if she was , who paid for her company ? - I 'm afraid I can 't do that . - I guess that would hurt future book sales , huh ? - You 'd be surprised who some of my clients are . - No , I don 't think I would be . I also doubt they 'd want to get entangled in a homicide investigation . Look , we just need one name from you . Who hired Carina Sayles ? Let 's just say you both work for the government , and so do I . Cut the crap . Who hired her ? She called me last night . She said that she 'd met someone in a bar ... who was interested in a transaction . - I took his credit card . - Then you have his name . Walter Skinner . Thank you . What the hell was he thinking ? It just doesn 't seem like him . You think he 'd be a little more discrete . I think the lack of discretion is the least of his sins . Still not enough to prove anything conclusively . No , but that doesn 't mean that we can discount the evidence . You really believe Skinner did this ? Look , Mulder , I feel the same way about Skinner as you do , but we were just shown a dated record with Skinner 's credit card number on it . Credit card fraud happens every day . Skinner was in bed with a prostitute at the time of her death , and he 's offered us no explanation or alibi . The truth is , we don 't know very much about him . We don 't know what he does off-duty , who he really is . We know that he 's put his ass on the line for us a number of times . We owe it to him to find out what really happened . Even if it means proving his guilt . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] Yeah , Mulder . Thank you . - Who was that ? - Detective Waltos . Skinner 's been released . - Sir ? Sir ? - This doesn 't concern either of you . - Of course it concerns us . - Why won 't you tell us what happened last night , sir ? Read the police report if you 're really that curious . Does it explain why you refused to take a polygraph test ? Or why there 's a prostitute in the morgue with your fingerprints all over her ? You didn 't know she was a prostitute , did you ? - [ Honking ] - What are you doing , you jerk ? [ Horns Honking ] Walter , I just heard what happened . I was coming to see you . - Walter ! - Do you know him ? I used to think so . I 'm Sharon Skinner . I 'm his wife . [ Chattering ] We were just a little caught off-guard . Neither of us even knew that he was married . He never told us . Well , one of the things Walter 's always been good at is keeping secrets . But the truth is , we haven 't been together for almost eight months . - Has he always been such a private person ? - It 's more than that . He lives under this misguided notion that silence is strength . He 's built a wall to keep everyone out . - Including you ? - Yeah , especially me . Is that why you were separated ? Yeah , I just realized one day that we were no longer married . We 'd become roommates instead . We were paying the bills , taking out the garbage . I couldn 't live like that anymore . - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Excuse me . - [ Beeps ] - Scully . You were one of the few people that Walter ever mentioned from work . Not that he said much , but from the way he talked , I could tell he respected you . That 's probably why I feel that I can ask you . - Ask me what ? - If Walter really killed that woman ? Sorry . Mulder , we 've gotta go . You 've got our numbers if you need to reach us . You still haven 't answered my question . No , I don 't think he did it . What 's going on here ? - Agents Mulder and Scully ? - That 's right . I 'm Special Agent Bonnecaze . I 've been called up from the Norfolk field office to coordinate this inquiry . I don 't know what you do down in Norfolk , but last time I checked , riffing through a man 's office was considered an invasion of privacy . Well , we 're operating under guidelines specified by the Office of Professional Conduct . - A protocol , I understand , you 've opted to disregard . - What do you mean ? I want both of you to make yourselves available tomorrow afternoon . Available for what ? - A formal hearing regarding A.D. Skinner 's case . - What case ? He hasn 't even been charged yet . The hearing is to assess and determine ... his ability to continue in his position as Assistant Director . In the meantime , we 'll be appointing our own investigators to pursue any criminal case . And I must ask you to stop looking into this any further . What ? in case we turn up any evidence that might support his innocence ? Any evidence you may have obtained , Agent Mulder , you 'll be presenting tomorrow afternoon at the hearing . [ Line Ringing ] Skinner 's not answering his phone . - He 's doing everything he shouldn 't be doing . - Yeah , why ? He knows better . The evidence is still circumstantial at best . He 's behaving like a guilty man , Mulder . The man 's marriage is breaking up . He 's stressed out . It 's his irrational behavior that concerns me . It speaks to his state of mind . If an otherwise stable man is compelled to go out and hire a prostitute , - what else is he capable of ? - Please . Give him the benefit of the doubt . I am , Mulder , believe me . I 'm not trying to convince myself . When I mentioned that hooker to him , he didn 't even seem to know . Well , maybe he doesn 't remember . What do you mean ? Either he remembers , or he 's a liar . Not necessarily . - This man 's running away from a train . - [ Screaming ] He sees it coming straight at him . He hears its whistle . Several times a month , he ran away from that train ... until one night when he broke his wife 's arm when he threw her to the foor . - Night terrors ? - No . Night terrors and sleepwalking occur during slow-wave non-dream sleep . The clinical term for this is " REM sleep behavior disorder . " Although rare , dozens of cases of sleep-related violence have been attributed to it . That 's fascinating , but what does it have to do with Skinner ? This videotape came from the Bethesda Sleep Disorder Center ... where Skinner has been receiving treatment for the past three months . - From running away from trains ? - Same disorder , different dreams . According to Skinner 's psychiatrist , he 's been experiencing a recurring dream in which he 's confronted by an old woman . She speaks to him , but he doesn 't understand a word . Sometimes she straddles his chest , suffocating him . So you think that Skinner may have killed the victim in his sleep ? Defending himself against this imaginary old woman . A lot of these patients have no recollection of their nocturnal activities , which might explain Skinner 's amnesia . - That 's not such a strange story . - It isn 't ? It 's ancient , actually . You may have heard it , although not in such clinical terms . In the Middle Ages , a visitation like the one Skinner described ... would have been attributed to succubus . It 's a spirit that visits men in the night , usually in the form of an old woman . - Visits them for sex ? - Usually . Although sometimes the succubus becomes so attached to the man ... that she would kill any woman competing for his affection . Here . - What 's that ? - Reports of residual and luminous phenomenon ... have been associated with some succubus encounters . At least according to the mythology . Why ? I feel kinda strange saying this , but I found something ... during my postmortem examination that I think you should see . It 's a circular patch around the victim 's mouth and nose , approximately 11 centimeters in diameter . It retained light energy . It glowed in the dark . I know what I saw , Mulder . It was here . This phosphorescence required no U.V. or infrared light ? - No , it was definitely visible to the naked eye . - Did you get a sample ? - Yeah , I sent one over to Chem / Tox . - And ? Well , my first hunch was that it was that it was some kind of fungal growth , but the only substance that they detected was amylase , which is found in saliva . but the only substance that they detected was amylase , which is found in saliva . So I had them send over a sample to the elemental analysis unit . The results should be back . Yes , this is Agent Dana Scully . I 'm calling to find out the lab results on a tissue sample ... that I sent in earlier this morning . - Thank you . - What 'd they say ? That there was no analyzable substance in the sample container . Are you sure you saw something ? Mulder , I 'm afraid this isn 't exactly something that I 'd make up . Maybe that 's it . Maybe that 's why Skinner 's running . He 's afraid . - That he did it ? - That he doesn 't know he didn 't do it . [ Knocking ] Hi . You didn 't answer your phone . It just kept ringing . I unplugged it . I haven 't been sleeping too well lately . Are you going to invite me in , or should I start building an ark ? Come in . You still haven 't gotten around to unpacking . Yeah , well , you know , work . [ Sighing ] So what are you doing here , Sharon ? I 'm not sure . After I saw you today , I didn 't know what else to do . You 're trying to satisfy some morbid curiosity about what happened . That 's not why I came . I just- - I just wanted to make sure you 're okay . I 'm okay . Except right now , company 's about the last thing I need . I 'm not company , I 'm your wife . Ex-wife . Remember , you 're the one who asked for the divorce ? Only because you didn 't have the guts to ask for one yourself , so don 't put it on me . Fair enough . So what else do you want me to say ? Nothing . I don 't want you to say anything . - I just want you to let me in . just this one time . - Why ? Because I know you . I know that you 're scared and that you could use some comfort . I also know that you 'll never let me give it to you . just take care of yourself , okay ? [ Thunder Rumbling ] [ Woman Screaming , Glass Shattering ] [ Knocking ] What 's this about ? Wanna grab your coat and come with us ? Like to ask you a few questions . Why ? What the hell 's going on ? - It 's your wife- - she 's been in an accident . - Is she all right ? Someone ran her off the road . You 're gonna have to come with us . [ Sighs ] God . We 'll also need to see the keys to your car , sir . [ Keys Jangling ] [ Door Closing ] - How is she ? - The C.T. scan shows subdural hematoma . She 's in surgery right now to relieve pressure on her brain . Scully 's trying to get more information . - I have to see her . - Can 't do that , sir . - Why not ? They said I wasn 't being charged . - Not yet , but they 're building a pretty convincing case . - You think I did this to Sharon ? - No , I don 't , but I 'm in the minority . What about Agent Scully ? Scully- - [ Clears Throat ] Scully doesn 't understand why you 're not trying to defend yourself . Defend myself against what ? Don 't you think if I knew what was happening tome that I would try to- - [ Sighs ] I don 't know what to believe anymore . What about the old woman in your dream ? Who is she ? It 's gonna come out . Look , if you don 't start trusting someone , you don 't stand a chance . [ Sighing ] A few months ago , I started ... seeing her again . Again ? I told you once what- - what happened to me in Vietnam . I was caught in an ambush . Yeah , you were the sole survivor . You also described what sounded like a near-death experience . There was nothing near about it , Agent Mulder . I was a dead man . That 's when you first saw her ? I saw lots of things over there . - I didn 't give much credence to any of 'em . - Why not ? [ Sighs ] I got through that experience like most 1 8-year-olds . By numbing myself with whatever was around . I was no choirboy . I- - I inhaled . So you just dismissed her as another hallucination ? - I tried . - But you couldn 't . She was there with me , watching me , as I was watching myself die and my blood spilling from a hundred different places ... until she lifted me up and carried me back , away from the light . Maybe she was trying to protect you . Maybe she 's trying to protect you now . Protect me from what ? That 's a question only you can answer . I don 't know . I don 't have a clue . - Number five . - This is Skinner 's car ? According to Walter 's report , the hood was still warm when they got to Skinner 's apartment , even with the rain . Look at the left front panel . They match the paint in the dent of Sharon Skinner 's car . Waltos 's people finish going over the interior ? The only prints they found on the steering wheel were Skinner 's . - Can I borrow your flashlight ? - Sure . Why ? I don 't know what you 're expecting to find , Mulder , but Skinner 's hearing is in half an hour . - I 'll meet you there . - What are you doing ? Collecting evidence . - You know how an air bag works ? - Your car hits something , a bag fills with air , you don 't die . Not air . Nitrogen . Now , the latent image , the one we 're interested in , is found in the byproduct of that explosion ... in the finely dispersed sodium metal that coats the interior of the air bag . See this pattern here ? It was created ... by whoever was behind the wheel when the airbag deployed . - It doesn 't look like a face . - Not yet . First , I 'm scanning the pattern , then I 'm running it through software ... which translates its varying densities into a dimensionalized likeness . After that , it 's a matter of fine-tuning . - How long does that take ? - You need this in a hurry , it sounds like . I 'm not the only one who needs it . Let 's go over the physical evidence again . You say you found nothing damning . No , sir , none of the physical evidence we recovered directly ... connects the assistant director to her death . You reexamined the victim 's body . Did you find anything of note ? I took a sample of an extraneous substance that turned out to be unidentifiable . How 's that ? A naturally occurring enzyme around her mouth and nose . - And do you have any idea why it was there ? - No . If you are withholding something from this committee- - Sir , I feel reluctant to say or to speak for Agent Mulder . To say what ? Agent Mulder had a theory that the substance could have come from a visitation . But you have another explanation . No , I 'm sorry , I don 't . Do you believe in paranormal phenomena , Agent Scully ? Whatever extreme cases I have encountered , I have always viewed through the lens of science . I believe that is why I was assigned to the X-Files and to Agent Mulder . And has A.D. Skinner always been as discriminating as you ? Excuse me , sir , I don 't understand the question . Would you say that , like yourself , your direct superior ... has been affected by- - or enchanted by- - Agent Mulder 's notion- - No , sir . Not at all . And yet he continues to sign off ... on whatever extreme cases ... you and Agent Mulder elect to investigate . I believe the assistant director has protected us out of a respect for the work . just as you might protect him ... by trumping up unidentifiable evidence ? No , that is not true . - Thank you , Agent Scully , that will be all . - Sir , if I may- - - That will be all ! - I 'm not finished . Yes , you are , Agent Scully . [ Cell Phone Beeping ] - [ Line Ringing ] - Hello ? - Mulder ? - Hello ? You missed it . Not that anything you said would 've made a difference . - What happened ? Where 's Skinner ? - Out of a job . - They dismissed him ? - He would 've had a better chance against a firing squad . They used us to do it , didn 't they ? They used the X-Files . - How 'd you know ? - Because I think Skinner 's been outmaneuvered , Scully . - They found a weakness , and they 're exploiting it . - Why ? To put us in check . You remove Skinner , you weaken us . What am I looking at ? This is the man that stole Skinner 's car last night and tried to kill his wife . But I don 't understand . Why orchestrate an elaborate scheme to set him up ? - Why not just kill him ? - They already tried that once . A second attempt would be too obvious , even for these thugs . Anyway , I think Skinner 's probably worth more to them alive and disgraced ... - than dead and buried . - Who is this guy ? I don 't know . Danny couldn 't find anything on him . He 's still running it . So how are we supposed to find him ? This guy 's a pawn . Pawns always make the first move . So he must 've hired the prostitute . [ Chattering ] - What happened ? - Jumper . Happens whenever it rains two days straight . [ Mulder ] He got to her first . Mulder , look . Usually there 'd be something set up in the room ... to get ... pictures , tape , whatever . Judy , we need you to identify somebody . Is this the man who hired Carina ? - He said that nobody would get hurt . - He lied . Skinner 's not the only person he set up . Are you saying he killed Carina ? And Lorraine . He 's cleaning house . We need you to arrange a meeting . I can 't . Lorraine 's the only one who ever really talked to him . Unfortunately , Lorraine can 't get to the phone right now . Please don 't make me do this . Look what he did to your friends . We 're your only chance of coming out of this okay . You know , Mulder 's right . I 'll stay with you , if you want , until we take him into custody . I want you to call him . Tell him you 're scared because we questioned you . Tell him you want money to get out of town . You 'll meet him at the Ambassador Hotel bar . Okay ? Hello ? Hi . This is Judy Fairly . You might not remember me , but I work for Lorraine . One moment , please . Yes ? Some F.B.I. agents came to see me about what happened to Lorraine . - What did you tell them ? - Nothing . I didn 't say anything , but they scared the hell out of me . Look , I need some money . That can be arranged . - Can you meet me ? - Where would you like to meet ? The Ambassador Hotel at- - In an hour ? I 'm close . I 'll see you in an hour . I had to tell you , Sharon , before anything else happens . I 'm not signing those papers . For a lot of reasons , most of them , I 'm just ... realizing myself for the first time . Some of the things I 've seen . The violence and the lies that I 've witnessed men inflict on one another . I can never tell you that . Not that I ever stopped believing in the work , but there were contradictions that I couldn 't reconcile ... which meant shutting down part of myself just to do my job . I never told you what I should 've told you . [ Sighs ] That what really got me through each day was ... knowing that I 'd be sleeping next to you that night , knowing that I had a reason to wake up in the morning . I 'm not sure if you can even hear me now ... or if it even makes a difference to you anymore , but I at least wanted you to know that . [ Gasps ] - Sharon ? - [ Monitor Beeping ] Somebody- - Listen to me . - [ Ringing ] - Did you get him ? No , he hasn 't shown up yet . - He should have been here 1 5 minutes ago . - What 's going on ? Nothing . [ Sighs ] - Great . - Maybe it 's the rain . This guy isn 't about to let a little rain stop him . - [ Door Opening , Closing ] - Mulder , hang on a second . - Judy ! - Scully , what 's going on ? Mulder , get up here right now . He 's upstairs . Judy ? [ Water Running ] [ Gasping ] What the hell are you doing ? I 'm sorry . I called , but you didn 't answer . What 's the matter ? [ Groaning ] [ Gunshots ] [ Crying ] - You okay ? - [ Groans ] - Sir ? - Come in . This is our report . [ Sighs ] You 'll see , though , that several questions remain unanswered . The identity of the man I shot ? We ran his face and fingerprints through every available database . There 's still no matches , and we 're doing a dental record search , but that 'll probably be a dead end too . And regarding the other man , the telephone number we had for him has been disconnected , and there 's no record of an account . Don 't waste your time , Agent Scully . You won 't find him . just get whatever forensic evidence you need off the body you have and bury it . - Is there a problem , Agent Mulder ? - Yeah , there 's something else you 'll find missing in there . An explanation for how you knew to beat the hotel last night . I was hoping you could fill in that line item yourself . I 'm afraid I can 't do that , at least not at this point in time . Why not ? Because whatever I believed may have happened , that has no place on an official report . Then why don 't you just tell me . Off the record . If you 'll excuse me , I have some catching up to do . The O.P.C. did a number on my office . But I wanna thank you for the quick turnaround on this .
