 All right , everyone . We 've run out of time . That 's all for tonight . If you haven 't finished , you 'll have more time with Peter next week . - Hey , man ! - Excuse me . - F.B.I. ! - Stay where you are ! - Keep the light on him ! - John Mostow , we have a warrant for your arrest . - You have the right to remain silent . - [ Mostow Yelling ] If you give up that right , anything you say can and will be used against you . - You have the right to an attorney . - You 're hurting me ! Do you understand each of these rights that I have explained to you ? Do you wish to give up your right to remain silent ? Aah ! God ! He bit me . The son of a bitch bit me like a dog ! - Get him out of here ! - You okay ? - Yeah , yeah . My God . [ Mulder ] John Mostow . Unemployed housepainter . Divorced . No children . He came to the U.S. from Uzbekistan during perestroika . He failed to mention on his I.N.S. application ... that he spent the better part of his 20s in an insane asylum . He was arrested last week for the serial murders of at least seven men . You thought all they produced were great hockey players . The crimes took place during a three-year period . All the victims male , age 17to25 . Was there a signature or a defining M.O. ? Well , according to the M.E. , there was no evidence of any sexual assault . Death was caused by massive blood loss due to facial mutilation . He also reported that the wound pattern on all the victims was identical . - It 's all there on page three . - [ Flipping Pages ] " Both eyes punctured . Signature gashes from the corners of the mouth to the ears . " The level of violence and overkill here ... would suggest the work of a very angry individual . Or individuals , if you count the spirit Mostow says possessed him during the murders . Possession is a common claim by criminals who have dissociative disorders . It 's how they distance themselves from their actions . That was the operational opinion until last night , when a 1 9-year-old male ... was found dead six miles from here with an identical set of facial wounds . - A copycat ? - According to Assistant Director Skinner , who asked us to look into this , the details of the mutilations were never released . Only members of the crime team would have had that information . And Mostow 's been in custody for five days . Ah . Please ! The light hurts my eyes . Leave me alone . You have a nice , soft bunk . Why aren 't you using it ? 'Cause he 's been working- - haven 't you , john ? What is it ? What is this thing ? - It killed those men . - Does it have a name ? - Does it have a name to go with that face ? - All men know its name . What do you call it ? Satan ? The devil ? - Or maybe it 's just the name of your accomplice . - I had no accomplice . You killed all those young men yourself ? It killed them . How many times do I have to tell you ? Well , its fingerprints weren 't on the murder weapon . Yours were . And it won 't be tried for seven murders under the death penalty . Which is why it laughs at fools like you . And you . Fools who would pretend ... evil can be brought to heel like a brindle bitch ... or be held by your pathetic gulags , while , with a snap of its finger , it makes men lick the greasy foor of hell ... just to see its refection . Is that what it did last night , John ? Snapped its fingers and let another young man die ? It killed again ? Yesterday ? It 's found somebody . Somebody new . just like it found me . Agent Mulder , can I see you two outside ? So what is it , Mulder ? Little green men ? Evil spirits ? Hounds of hell ? Scully , this is Bill Patterson . He runs the investigative Support Unit out of Quantico . I know . Behavioral Science . You wrote the book . It 's an honor , sir . Is that what you think too ? That the suspect is possessed by some dark spirit ? No . Not at all , sir . - Strange company you keep , then . - [ Sighs ] That 's what always amazed me about you , Bill- - how you never fit your own profile . No one would ever guess how really mean-spirited you are . The arrest of John Mostow is the result of three years of hard work by my unit . Three years . You can imagine that we were awful upset by this latest murder ... and by the suspect floating this possession theory . You think he 's got an accomplice , then , even though your own profile of Mostow says that he 's most certainly working alone . My profile led to his arrest . No . He acted alone . And that murder last night was done by a second killer , and he acted alone too . What about these drawings of Mostow 's ? These gargoyles ? - You know why he draws those ? Did you ask him ? - I didn 't get a chance to . He says he draws them to keep this demon of his away . That would make sense . Historically , that 's what gargoyles have been used for- - to ward off evil spirits , like on the eaves of Chartres and Notre Dame . I don 't need a history lesson . And I don 't need anyone indulging this guy 's story . I was asked to look into this case . If you 've got a problem with that , you take it up with A.D. Skinner . So you 're not gonna tell me when your love affair with Patterson ended ? - Patterson never liked me . - I thought you were the fair-haired boy when you joined . - Not by Patterson . - Why not ? Didn 't wanna get my knees dirty . Couldn 't quite cast myself in the role of the dutiful student . - You mean you couldn 't worship him . - Something like that . Yeah . Well , from what I hear , there were a lot of men who did . A lot of men joined the F.B.I. because they wanted to be him . Yeah . Patterson had this saying about tracking a killer : If you wanted to know an artist , you had to look at his art . What he really meant was if you wanted to catch a monster , you had to become one yourself . [ Scully ] in this case , I 'd say it served him pretty well . This guy is definitely some kind of monster . - It 's just a cat . I thought it was one of these pictures coming to life . Our guys must 've locked it in here . Psst , psst . No . He 's obviously got his own key to the place . There 's air coming through here . Must be something on the other side of the wall . I 've got some light . See anything ? More gargoyles , Scully . Lots of ' em . Sculpted in clay . Why would he keep ' em in a secret room ? Mulder ? Mulder , what is it ? What do you see ? Mulder . Can you tell me what 's going on in there ? - [ Woman ] We 're monitoring him very closely , Agent Nemhauser , but I 'm not too encouraged by what I 'm seeing . - The man is lucky to be alive . - Thank you , Doctor . Agent Scully . We 've turned Mostow 's studio upside down . There don 't appear to be any more bodies . - How many were recovered ? - Five . All of them dismembered . All young men whose faces were mutilated--just like the latest victim , I hear . At least this one 's still alive . Same signature facial mutilation , right down to the weapon , by the look of it . - What does Patterson have to say ? - I haven 't spoken with him yet , but I bet he 's gonna come to the idea it 's someone working with Mostow . Well , I 'd have to agree with that theory . What 's Agent Mulder think ? He thinks our finding Mostow 's secret gallery isn 't gonna do him any favors with Patterson . Between you and me , I think Patterson went to Skinner and requested Mulder on this case . - He requested him ? - I 've been working with Patterson for three years on this , and this just about killed him , until we finally got a break and arrested Mostow . But then this first copycat murder really threw him for a loss . Mulder 's under the impression that Patterson never thought too highly of him . That 's just Patterson . Late night , a couple of beers in him , he starts telling me Mulder stories , how he 's some kind of crack genius . - Stitches . What happened ? - Tsk . Mostow bit me during the arrest . How 's our victim ? Has he been able to I.D. his attacker ? Doctors say it 's still too early to even try- - not in the condition he 's in . - [ Gurgling ] - They 're not even sure if he 's gonna make it . - Where 's Mulder ? - He was gonna go see about those drawings of Mostow 's . - What 's he looking for ? - I think the same thing you are , sir : a second killer . - I think you should take this conversation outside . Stay with us . [ Mulder Thinking ] The name is from the French " gargouille " - - the name of a medieval dragon which prowled the river Seine , whose horrible image became a symbol of the souls of the condemned turned to stone ... or of the devils and demons of the underworld spared eternal damnation . The embodiment of the lesser forces of the universe ... who inspired dread and the threat of our own damnation . Ushers into hell or into the realm of our own dark fears and imagination . For over 1,200years , the grotesque image has found its expression ... in stone , clay , wood , oil , and charcoal- - born again and again , as if resurrecting it self by its own will ... through tortured human expression . Almost as if it existed , haunting men inwardly so that it might haunt mankind for eternity ... as it must 've haunted John Mostow . But what impulses moved him to kill ? Could this be the same dark force at work , its ultimate expression the destruction of the flesh , of the very hand that creates it ? Is this evil something born in each of us , crouching in the shadow of every human soul , waiting to emerge , a monster that violates our bodies and twists our will to do its bidding ? Is this the monster called madness ? They 're closing up in a few minutes . So , is this how you 're looking for the second killer ? Tell me , Mulder , what do you really expect to find here ? I 'm not sure yet . But you must have some idea , some kind of theory . I 've got a few theories . I 'm trying to stitch them together right now . - With your face stuck in a library book ? - You said it yourself . If you want to know the artist , look at the art . - I 'm finally agreeing with you . - I know where you 're going with this , Mulder , because I 've been there myself- - so I can tell you you 're wasting your time . Maybe you could tell me why this man was compelled to draw ... and sculpt the same face again and again , why he 's still doing it now . Because he 's insane . This is nothing but the scrawling of a madman . He said this thing wants to see its own refection . Mostow has said everything but what I need to hear- - the name of his accomplice . - Unless he 's telling the truth . - About being possessed ? I have to tell you . I am really disappointed in you . Well , I wouldn 't want to disappoint you by not disappointing you . After all this time , I thought maybe you 'd finally put your feet on the ground . Clearly , I was mistaken . Mulder ? Mulder , it 's me . Mulder ? You weren 't at home , in your office . I was scared , Mulder . I didn 't know where you were . I kept trying your cell phone , but you didn 't answer . It was turned off . You turned your phone off ? Why do you even bother carrying it ? You 're all set . You 'll want to see a doctor tomorrow in case of infection . - Thanks . - [ Man ] Sure . Mulder , you still haven 't told me what you were doing in Mostow 's studio . - I was working . - At 3 : 30 in the morning ? Mulder , I haven 't seen or spoken to you in almost two days now . - You haven 't been returning my phone calls . - This thing exists . It 's real . " It " ? What are you talking about ? - Whatever keeps killing those young men . - Mostow killed those men , and out of some sick alliance , some other person is continuing where he left off . - Whatever attacked me wasn 't a person . - Well , did you actually see it ? Mulder , maybe you 've just seen what you want to see . What makes you think I would want to see that ? I didn 't imagine it , Scully . Listen to yourself , Mulder . Listen to what you 're saying . You 're starting to sound like M- - Look , when I couldn 't reach you , I went to your apartment . I saw your new wallpaper . Don 't you realize what is happening here , Mulder ? He is testing you . He is the reason you were brought on this case in the first place . - Patterson ? He requested your involvement through Skinner 's office . I checked that 302 myself . Mulder , where are you going ? So , how 's Mulder holding up ? - Sir , can I have a minute ? - Of course . In private . - What 's this about ? - Maybe you can tell me . I 'm curious about what you 're doing concerning Agent Mulder . - I 'm afraid I don 't know what you 're referring to . - I think you do , sir . I think you knew exactly how Agent Mulder would respond when you brought him on this case . You did request him , didn 't you ? If you 're concerned about Agent Mulder 's conduct or behavior , maybe you should take that up with him . - You know I already have . - Then what do you expect me to do ? I want you to be honest with me about what you 're trying to do . Is this some kind of payback for what happened eight years ago , because Mulder quit the I.S.U. ? - My motivations aren 't that petty . - Then why ? I asked for Mulder because ... I wanna close the book on this godforsaken case once and for all . And you knew that he could help you solve it . My advice to you , Scully : Let Mulder do what he has to do . Don 't get in his way and don 't try to hold him back ... because you won 't be able to . Why didn 't it kill me like it killed the others ? Why did it let me live ? Even if I could tell you why , you would not understand . Then help me to understand , John . - Please . Go away . - No . You have to help me go deeper , help me get inside its head ... Like it got inside yours , so I can understand what it wants . You have felt its hunger , felt your bones rattled by its frozen breath . So you know ... nothing can be done . - Unless I find it . - Then what will you do ? - Just tell me how to find it , John . - No . just tell me how to find this thing . You can 't find it . Only it can find you . Maybe ... it already has . First time up , I struck out . All three pieces were clean . But on my second try , I got lucky . - I dusted the blade with red wop . - I 'm sorry ? " Powder " spelled backwards . It 's what we call the fluorescent lycopodium . Ah . Looks like a partial index . And on the left half of the handle , almost a full thumb . It 's the placement of the prints that struck me . Not oriented where someone would have gripped the knife . Which is why I thought I had your guy , except I wasn 't as lucky as I thought . I ran the prints against the N.C.I.C. database . - Your message said that you identified them . - I did . - Turns out , he 's one of our own people . - An F.B.I. agent ? - Your partner . - These are Mulder 's prints ? - Are you sure ? - I double-checked . Why ? I assumed he must 've been the one that recovered the knife at the crime scene . Excuse me . - There 's that table up front . - That 's okay . You can put it on the foor . I need to get that . Evidence room . Yes , she is . Excuse me , Agent Scully . Assistant Director Skinner 's asked to see you right away . Come in . - You wanted to see me , sir ? - Yes . Sit down . I heard they found you in Evidence looking for the weapon in this Mostow case ? - Yes , sir . - Did you find it ? No , sir . Is it your opinion the missing evidence ... is the same weapon you found at the crime scene earlier today ? I 'm not absolutely certain . But Agent Mulder 's prints were found on it . Yes , sir . - Have you seen Agent Mulder or spoken to him about this ? - No , sir . Do you have any insight into Agent Mulder 's current disposition or mental state ? I know Agent Mulder is working very hard on this case at your request , sir . Are you worried about him , Agent Scully ? No , sir . Off the record . So am I . Yeah . This is Greg Nemhauser . Please call me right away at 555-0143 . - I need to talk to you right away about a po- - - [ Dial Tone ] - Hello ? - Mulder ? - Scully ? - Where are you ? - I 'm in Mostow 's studio . - Are you with Nemhauser ? No . Should I be ? That 's who I was calling . He left his number on my answering machine . He said he had to talk to me . - Mulder ? - Yeah ? Do you know where he is ? I 'm not sure . Mulder , that knife that we recovered from the crime scene- - I think it 's the same one that Mostow used . - What makes you say that ? - Because Mostow 's was stolen from Evidence . - When ? - I was hoping maybe you could tell me . Your prints were all over it . Yes , I examined Mostow 's knife yesterday in the evidence room . - Why ? - Because I wanted to hold it . I wanted to see what it felt like in my hand . - But why ? - Look , Scully , I didn 't take it . Okay , Mulder , listen to me carefully . I want you to stay exactly where you are . I 'm gonna be there in a few minutes , and we 're gonna work this thing out together , okay ? - Mulder ? - Yeah . - Mulder . - What are you doing here ? What are you doing here ? It 's Nemhauser . - But you already knew that , didn 't you ? - What is this ? You killed him , Bill . When he suspected it was you , you killed him . - Are you out of your mind ? - Not me . Not now . - Put that gun down . - Not until you tell me what you 're doing here . What I 'm doing he- - Look at your hands . Now ask yourself what you 're doing here . I 'm not sure . You 're here because John Mostow stole three years of your life . Every day and every night for three years you lived and dreamed the horror show ... that was in his head , and I 'm sorry . Imagining everything he imagined . Sinking deeper and deeper into the ugliness , just like you taught us to do . But when you finally caught him , it didn 't just go away , all that violence . It stayed alive inside you 'til it had to come out . But you didn 't want to do what you were doing . You wanted to stop , but you couldn 't . Not by yourself . That 's why you called on me in the first place , why you couldn 't kill me . - Mulder , what are you doing ? - Scully , get that light off me . - First put the gun down ! - You don 't understand ! Help me understand why you have a gun on Agent Patterson . It 's him , Scully . Mulder ! You okay , Mulder ? You should call an ambulance . His pulse is still strong . This is Agent Mulder with the F.B.I. I have a man down with a gunshot wound . Oh , God ! God ! Are you listening to me ? For God sakes ! Isn 't someone listening to me ? I didn 't do it . It wasn 't me ! I didn 't kill them ! Please ! We work in the dark . We do what we can to battle the evil that would otherwise destroy us . But if a man 's character is his fate , this fight is not a choice , but a calling . Yet sometimes the weight of this burden causes us to falter , reaching the fragile fortress of our mind , allowing the monsters without to turn within . And we are left alone staring into the abyss ... into the laughing face of madness .
