 [ Speaking French ] [ Banging On Metal ] Gauthier ? Gauthier . Gauthier ! Gauthier ! [ Banging On Metal ] [ Muffled Shouting ] Hold the elevator . Hold it ! Hold it ! Agent Scully , can I see you for a few minutes ? - Kimberly , would you excuse us please ? - Certainly , sir . A memo came across my desk last night . I debated whether or not ... - to call you at home but I decided to- - - And it concerns me ? Yes , and your sister . It 's been five months and there have been no new leads or evidence ... in her murder investigation by the D.C. Police team or the Bureau . I 've been told the case is to be made inactive until further notice . - I see . - I don 't think there 's anything to be read into this . I think it 's a case of manpower and workload . I want you to know , though , that I am going to appeal this decision , and I am gonna go back over all the evidence again myself ... to make sure that nothing has been overlooked . You know , it 's strange . Men can blow up buildings and they can be nowhere near the crime scene , but we can piece together the evidence and convict them beyond a doubt . Our labs here can recreate , out of the most microscopic detail , the motivation and circumstance to almost any murder , right down to a killer 's attitude towards his mother and that he was a bed wetter . But in a case of a woman , my sister , who was gunned down in cold blood in a well-lit apartment building ... by a shooter who left the weapon at the crime scene , we can 't even put together enough to keep anybody interested . I don 't think this has anything to do with interest . If I may say so , sir , it has everything to do with interest . just not yours ... and not mine . - [ Knock On Door ] - Yeah ? Sorry I 'm late . - Anything up ? - No , it 's nothing . What did you want to talk to me about ? Something interesting came into my attention last night . A French salvage ship , the Piper Maru , Limped into port in San Diego yesterday , all the way from the North Pacific . Why is that of interest ? Using the National Weather Service satellite system , I was able to track its course . This was its original position . At longitude 1 71 east , latitude 42 north . Yeah , that 's where the boat we know as the Talapus ... pulled up what you believe was a Russian sub , - and what I believe was the remains of a UFO . - Oh , Mulder- - Look , Scully , I don 't know what it is , but something is still down there ... and now the French are looking for it too . - So what ? - So why all the attention paid to this site ? - What information are they acting on ? - Why don 't you just ask them ? I would , but the entire crew is being treated for radiation burns . From exposure to what ? The French government is keeping that information classified . Could it have anything to do with their resumption of nuclear tests ? I checked . It 's thousands of miles away from any test site . - [ Giggles ] - What ? I 'm just constantly amazed by you . I- - You 're working down here in the basement , sifting through files and transmissions ... that any other agent would just throw away in the garbage . Well , that 's why I 'm in the basement , Scully . You 're in the basement because they 're afraid of you , of your relentlessness , and because they know that they could drop you in the middle of the desert ... and tell you the truth is out there , and you 'd ask them for a shovel . Is that what you think of me ? Well , maybe not a shovel . Maybe a backhoe . That 's good , because there 's some garbage in San Diego ... I want you to help me dig through . - [ Mulder ] Dr. Seizer ? - Yes . Special Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . You 're here about these French sailors with the radiation exposure ? - How are they doing ? - Not real good . It 's been difficult to determine a proper course of treatment , because there 's an air of secrecy around what happened . The source of their exposure is still undetermined . These symptoms , would you characterize them as acute or somatic ? I 'm a medical doctor . They 're somatic , although I don 't think we 've seen the worst of it . The effects are degrading rapidly , spontaneous internal bleeding ... in the mouth sand intestinal tracts , blood in the urine . All these men are suffering severe delirium , the pre-advanced stages of coma . What kind of exposure are we talking about here ? Two hundred , maybe four hundred roentgens , with a high rate of absorption . That 's verging on the levels the victims of Hiroshima suffered . Whatever these men came in contact with , it was manmade . Levels like this just don 't appear in nature . Not on this planet . Did you get the chance to talk to any of them ? No , they were in pretty bad shape by the time they got tome , except for one man , and this was strange , because he was the only one who seemed to be completely unaffected . I held him for the first day , but I detected none of the symptoms of the others . His leukocytes and erythrocytes were high . - Actually , he was in very good health . - How could that be ? With that level of radiation , how could one man not be exposed ? Doesn 't make any sense . But it 's lucky for these men because he was the one who piloted the boat in . And none of these men could 've done that in their condition . Would it be possible for us to talk to him ? You could if he were still here , but he discharged himself this morning . He 's a Frenchman , has a San Francisco address , his name is Gauthier . [ Phone Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] - [ Ship Horn Blows ] - [ Man ] Watch that perimeter ! Okay , let 's wrap it up and get in the truck . [ Scully ] I 'm getting no answer at this man Gauthier 's home number . Try the I.N.S. or the French Consulate , see what you can pull on him . Right there ! [ Scully ] Yes , could I have the number for the French Consulate please ? - Agents Mulder and Scully , F.B.I. - I 'm Wayne Morgan . - I 'm with the Navy 's investigative services unit . - Have you turned anything up ? No , nothing , but I 'm not exactly sure what I 'm supposed to be looking for . - The crew of this ship is being treated for radiation . - Yeah , we got all that . We had a hazmat team poring over the boat . - Didn 't find a trace . - Nothing ? We have divers in the water going over the hull , put probes down the bilge . Couldn 't detect the slightest level . - So it 's okay for us to go on board ? - Sure . Probably get more radiation off your cell phone . [ Morgan ] Generator 's back up . - That better ? - Yeah . Thanks . Is this the way you found this room ? Nothing 's been touched , not since she 's been tied up here anyway . - It 's a mess , huh ? - Feels like home . Feels like somebody was looking for something . Any idea what ? - No . I 'm looking for the V.C.R. - What for ? The dive suit has a video camera . [ Morgan ] What the hell is that ? Looks like the fuselage of a plane . It 's a North American P-51 Mustang . Yeah , it sure is . - I just got very turned on . - It 's the shape of the canopy . I used to watch my father and brothers put together ... World War II model planes as a kid . [ Mulder ] Would it have been carrying anything radioactive ? - No . It was just a fighter . - Then what was it those men were exposed to ? I don 't know , but I might know somebody I can ask . - [ Door Opens ] - You 're home ! I was so worried about you ! Why didn 't you call me ? There were these men here from the Consulate . They said there 'd been an accident . Why aren 't you answering me ? Why aren 't you answering me ? Hi . I 'm here to see Commander Johansen . - Name , please . - Special Agent Dana Scully , F.B.I. - Do you have an appointment ? - No . Uh , he use to be a friend of my father 's . I 'm out here from Washington . I wanted to surprise him . - Let me give you directions . - I know my way . Thanks . [ Children Laughing ] [ Bicycle Bell Ringing ] [ Girls Giggling ] Five , six . Got it ! Good , Dana ! [ Laughing ] Mr. Gauthier ! - [ Knocking ] - Mr. Gauthier , open the door . It 's the F.B.I. Mr. Gauthier ? Mr. Gauthier ? Salvage . [ Rattling ] Mr. Gauthier ? I want you to lie still . I 'm with the F.B.I. - What happened ? Did you fall ? - I don 't know . How did you get here ? I can 't remember . I was on the boat . The Piper Maru ? That 's the last thing you remember ? Yes . I was on a dive . Okay . Do you know where you are now ? I 'm at home . Where 's my wife ? Nobody else is home , but somebody 's been here going through your papers . - Where 's Joan ? - She 's not here . Look , l- - You need to be careful . You 've got some kind of oil all over you . What 's going on here ? I want you to try to remain calm , okay ? I 'd like to ask you a few questions about a letter , about a J. Kallenchuk Salvage Brokers . I don 't recognize that name . Well , somebody did , and I think you know why . I would like to speak to the French Consul General . I have nothing more to say . [ Woman ] He 'll be right out . Yes ? Commander Johansen ? - Yes . - I 'm Dana Scully . I used to live three doors down . My father was Captain William Scully . I went to school with your son . I 'm sorry . Um- - My memory isn 't quite what it used to be . Richard doesn 't live here anymore . - Actually , sir , l- - I came to see you . - Oh . I work for the F.B.I. now , and there 's a question that I 'm hoping that you can answer . Oh , well , would you come in ? - Do sit down . - Thank you . - Would you like something to drink ? - No , thanks . I know that you were an officer in the Pacific theater during World War ll . I wanted to ask you about a plane that 's been discovered . - Discovered ? - Yes . A P-51 Mustang ... at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean with the , uh , call numbers JTT0 111470 . Well , those are not the call numbers of P-51 . There was an illustration on the fuselage with the words " Drop Dead Red . " I 'm sorry . Would the words " Zeus Faber " mean anything to you ? No , but as I said , sometimes my memory is not so sharp . Well , would you know anybody I might be able to talk to ? Someone who might be able to give me that information ? I wish I could help you . I wish you could too . There 's a number of French sailors who may die from radiation exposure . If we knew more about the plane , we might be able to understand why . Anyway , it was very good to see you again , sir . Oh , say hello to your father for me . Oh , say hello to your father for me . I wish I could . He 's passed away . I 'm- - I 'm very sorry . I have to say this place brings back memories for me . I remember all the kids used to play a game called beckons wanted ... right out there . Well ... if you talk to your son , will you tell him I stopped by ? Thank you . - [ Knock On Door ] - Who is it ? My name is Mulder . I 'm with the F.B.I. It 's open . Can I help you ? - I 'm looking for Mr. Kallenchuk . - I 'm sorry . Mr. Kallenchuk 's out of town . Perhaps I could help you with something . Maybe you can tell me where I could find him . Sure . The Far East . Well , I 've got a letter here typed on his stationary . Maybe you typed it for him . Sorry , I don 't type . - What did you say your name was again ? - Mulder . Mr. Mulder , I 'd be happy to relay any message you have for him , but I really have no way of contacting Mr. Kallenchuk just now . Okay , well , why don 't you just have him call me as soon as he can ? Sure . The F.B.I. Yes . What did you say your name was ? - Geraldine . - Thank you , Geraldine . [ Speaking French ] - Agent Scully , would you step out of the car please ? - Why ? just turn off the engine and step out of the car , please . - What 's this about ? - You 're being detained . Pull over there . What 's going on ? I can 't give your regards to my son , Miss Scully . He was killed ... in a training accident during the Gulf War . I 'm sorry . There 's something else , isn 't there ? We bury our dead alive , don 't we ? I don 't know if I understand . We hear them every day . They talk to us . They haunt us . They beg us for meaning . Conscience- - it 's just the voices of the dead , trying to save us from our own damnation . You know something about that plane , don 't you ? I know ... because I was sent to find it ... as an officer in a submarine called the Zeus Faber . Okay , you 're all set . Flight 114 . Gate 2 . - Have a good trip . - Thank you . Next in line , please . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . Where are you ? - San Francisco Airport . Where are you ? - Miramar Air Base . I think I just found out what those men were exposed to , - what the Piper Maru was out there looking for . - What ? That P-51 Mustang was part of an escort for a B-29 carrying an atomic bomb , just like the one we dropped on Hiroshima , - only this one never reached its target . - Says who ? Says one of the men originally sent to find it ... on a submarine called the Zeus Faber . That was the name we saw written on that dive chart , right ? It all makes sense , Mulder . Why would they build a nuclear weapon ... when they can salvage one ? Why , if they knew about it , why wait 50 years to try to recover it ? And why was the only person not exposed the diver who was sent down to find it ? I don 't know . - Why don 't you try to find out ? - What about you ? - I gotta go to Hong Kong . - Hong Kong ? Yeah . Look , I 'm gonna miss my fight , so , uh , I gotta call you back , okay ? [ Door Opens ] Hi . Anything good here ? Anything not on the menu ? You 'll have to ask the waitress . You gentleman have a problem ? When something 's not on the menu , Mr. Skinner , there 's usually reason , wouldn 't you say ? I 'm sorry . I didn 't come here for the conversation . A hierarchy exists in the F.B.I. , isn 't that right ? A man has status , like yourself , the assistant director , those under him obey his orders , right ? Who are you guys ? We work for the intelligence community . Remind me not to move there . You take your orders like those below you , Mr. Skinner . A case is made inactive- - the death of an F.B.I. agent 's sister- - maybe that 's because ... those above you have done the hard work of arriving at that decision . Thanks for the enlightenment . I 'm gonna go now . It helps to remember these things when a man looks forward to his career , to his plans for future . [ Johansen ] We all joined thinking we 'd come home heroes . That 's me . The rest of the men in the picture , a month later , they were all dead . The madness we planned to unleash on the Japanese , we ended up setting it loose on ourselves . - Radiation killed those men ? - The men you say had burns on their bodies , that 's how it began with us . Awful burns . [ Johansen Narrating ] We 'd found the sunken squadron ... when a Japanese destroyer moved into the area . - [ Rumbling ] - But rather than attempt to return home , Captain Sanford ordered us to go to silent running . After three days , the burns started to appear . Baker got them first , then Vorce and Innocenti . No one had seen burns like these before , but a lot of us began to suspect they had something to do with the planes ... that we 'd been sent to recover . The men were all frightened of dying . As the X.O. , I urged the captain to return to port , but against all reason and good sense , he refused to leave the area . Captain Sanford ? I 'm not an M.D. , but I know a lost cause when I see one . These men are all dying , and there 's nothing that I can do to stop it . just do your damn job . Sir , I 'm trying , but if we stay down here any longer , none of us are going home . You 're the X.O. You 've gotta get us to the surface . - We are under the captain 's orders . - He 's losing his mind . The Japanese are shadowing us . That destroyer is doing wide circles above our position . You have to take control of this sub , sir . You have to make a decision . [ Man ] We 're all gonna die ! All of us ! We 're dying ! Can 't you all see that ? You 've gotta get us out of here ! [ Johansen Narrating ] Our silence had been shattered by the gunshot . The only command that could save us from the Japanese destroyer now ... was the command to return home , an order I knew the captain would never issue . Johansen ! Open this door ! - [ Banging On Door ] - Open this door ! Johansen ! [ Johansen Narrating ] I knew mutiny was our only chance for survival . But I also knew , by sealing that door , I was sealing the fate of the men locked behind it . By luck or the grace of God , we made it to Pearl Harbor . What happened to Sanford and the sick crewmen ? When they opened that door , those that were not dead were dying . There were 1 44 men on that boat . Only seven of us survived . Whatever killed them , I was allowed to live , to raise a family , to grow old . None of us ever got an explanation why . This seat taken , Miss Kallenchuk ? Geraldine Kallenchuk , isn 't it ? jerry , with a " J. " I noticed you few first class . Must be good money selling classified government secrets . It 's a bull market , hon , and I 'm Miss Popular . Let 's make a deal . How much for the location of that P-51 Mustang you sold the French government ? - Why should I tell you ? - Actually , I 'd rather know who sold you the secrets . I 'm a middleman , Mr. Mulder . Pardon my gender type . I take a cut . A thin slice off the top . It 'd be bad business to divulge my sources . - Why 'd you run off to Hong Kong ? - To meet with the buyer . - To sell him what ? - Pardon your gender type . - Oh , your buyer 's a woman . - Actually , you know , it 's none of your damn business . Actually , you know , it is my damn business , because whatever it is you 're selling ... is killing half a dozen sailors in a California hospital , which is why I 'm gonna arrest you . Arrest me ? With what ? Your chopsticks ? This is Hong Kong , Mr. Mulder . They don 't allow handguns here . They took yours away at the airport . Hey ! Hey , you can 't do that ! I just did it . Now let 's make a deal . You 're violating my civil rights . You gave up your civil rights when you committed treason . You can 't force me to do anything . Open it . Pardon my gender type , but after you . Where are the lights ? [ Man ] Right here . [ Mulder ] Krycek . I thought guns were against the law here . Yeah , well , you know what they say . When guns are outlawed- - Why don 't you take that gun and shoot yourself in your head like you shot my father ? Great . High Noon in Hong Kong . Why don 't you just shut up ! No ! My God ! - No way to treat your business partner , - [ Banging On Door ] especially since she seems to be moving those secrets you 're selling so well . [ Gunshots ] Looks like she 's your partner now . - [ Key Clinks On Floor ] - Damn ! [ Men Speaking French ] [ Screaming ] - Is the coffee hot ? - Yeah . - How 's the blue plate ? - Looks good . I 'll have one medium rare , please . You got a pay phone that 's out of order . Nobody complains ? I 'm complaining . - I 'm sorry , sir . I 'm sure it 's been called in . - You 're sure ? Meanwhile , I 'm going to miss the phone call . That 's gonna cost me time and money . Who 's gonna call that in ? I 'm sorry , sir . I don 't know what else to say . Say you 're gonna pay me ... the $ 1.75 the phone ate . - You 'll have to deal with the phone company , sir . - You deal with them . I want my money . Is there a problem here ? - Yeah , there is a big problem ! - [ Gunshot ] [ Screaming ] Chupa dura , amigo . Oh ! I 'll call91 1 ! [ Phone Ringing ] - Scully . - Agent Scully , this is Kim Cook from the director 's office . - Yes . - We 've just got some bad news . A.D. Skinner 's just been shot . - When ? - About an hour ago . He 's been taken to Northeast Georgetown . I 'm on my way . That 's for your partner . This is for me . - And this is for my father ! - No ! - I didn 't kill your father . - Now you tell me . - It wasn 't me . - Oh , yeah ? Then who was it ? - I don 't know . - Either way , Krycek , you 're a liar . Come on . Finish it , Mulder . Come on ! Finish it ! Do it ! I want that digital tape . - I don 't have it . - Like hell you don 't . That tape contains the secrets you were selling as well as everything else ... our government knows about the existence of extraterrestrial life . How could I sell anything ? The tape was encrypted . - Obviously , you found a way . - I don 't have it , but ... I 'll give it to you if you let me go . Where is it ? D.C. In a locker . No . If you let me go , I 'll tell you . You put that tape in my hands , and we 'll talk about it . Why don 't you go to the bathroom and clean yourself off ? If you 're not out of there in three minutes , I 'm coming in there to kill you . Feel better ?
