 [ man ] I reviewed your case and your service record- - Combat duty in panama , grenada , Distinguished service in the gulf , Great triumphs and great tragedies . It 's clear to me , lieutenant colonel , - That these suicide attempts of yours are simply just ... - .. cries for help . You 've tried and failed to kill yourself three times in as many weeks . - Frankly , if you wanted to ... - .. you don 't understand . He won 't let me . he won 't let me die . Who ? Who won 't let you die ? Just relax a moment . I 'll be back with something to help you sleep . [ door opens ] [ door closes ] Stand down , lieutenant colonel . No ! not this time ! Aah ! just let me go ! [ alarm ringing ] Oh , my god . - Where is he ? - Down here . He 's in there . Easy . I-I told you , He won 't let me die . [ groaning ] X-Files Season 3 Episode 07 - The Walk [ birds chirping ] I don 't wanna talk about it anymore . I told them and I told them , but they won 't listen . - You mean they don 't believe you . - No , sir . You said in the report that at the time of the accident , You believed somebody was in the room . It was no accident . don 't you understand ? But this person saved your life , is that right ? Look at me . Look ! I have no life . he took it all away . Do you have any idea who it is ? I never see him clearly , but he looks like a soldier , always standin ' at attention . - G.I. ? - or one of Saddam 's boys , Come back to hold me accountable . Whoever it is , he knows my name . He speaks to you ? " your time has come , " he said . Then he started takin ' it all away . What did he start taking away ? Everything . My wife , my children . - And how did he do that ? - How did ... He burned them alive . Now he makes me suffer ... Because he won 't let me die . [ door opens ] Agents Mulder and Scully , May I have a word with you ? I 've been asked to have you suspend whatever investigation you 've begun here . Asked by whom , captain . General Callahan , Lieutenant Colonel Stans' commanding officer . - Is something wrong ? - Protocol requires ... All criminal investigation of military personnel ... To be conducted through military channels and their superior officer . What ? We didn 't sign in at the front desk ? You 're in breach of code and procedure . Excuse me , but does General Callahan have a superior officer ? - Ma 'am ? - Assuming that we wanted to investigate him , - .. who would we talk to ? - Investigate him for what ? - Whatever . - General Callahan is the senior officer here . - Well , then , we 'd like to speak to him on our way out . - I don 't know he 's available . Ask him to make himself available . Tell him that it 's our protocol . In the meantime , we would like to finish up with Lieutenant Colonel Stans . You never know when he might try and kill himself again . Let 's finish this , Mulder . [ man ] I keep having the same dream almost every night . I know a lot of crips have the same dream : " the walk . " In my dream , I rise up out of my chair , I can stand . And I look down the hallway , Only I 'm not in the ward anymore , I 'm at home . There 's my baby girl . Without even thinking about it , I take a step towards her , and I take another step . Then I pick her up and I carry her outside on my own two feet . Outside is my little boy . We run together . Running . Me , my legs , like they were before . We play a little bit of football . I show him a few moves . You know , like the old man used to do . We just walk home . No crutches , no wheelchairs . I know I 'll never walk again , but this dream seems so real . I can 't help but think that maybe someday ... [ laughs ] .. don 't hold your breath . I think we 'd all be interested in your point of view , Leonard . Oh , you really wanna know what I think ? I pity all you guys . I really do . With your handicapped basketball and your wheelchair races ... [ scoffs ] .. you all act like we 're normal people . - We are normal people . - I don 't know if you had a look in the mirror , my friend , But you are missing a leg . [ screams ] I-I don 't have any . where- - where 'd my arms go ? - We all know how you feel . - No , you don 't . [ laughs ] How the hell could you possibly know how I feel ? There 's only one way you could ever know , And I can only pray to god that he 'll come down and take your legs and arms away ... And give you a little taste of what it feels like ! Roach . I 'm sorry , gentlemen . Let 's begin again . - What is it , Roach ? - What 's what ? You got that " I 'm freakin ' out " look on your face . What 's the matter ? It 's nothing . Bull . I spent two years with your sorry ass in a gun turret . I think I know when you got something on your mind . Come on , private . Make your report . It 's the FBI , man . They 're downstairs . They 're asking questions about the l.C. The hell with the feds . All right , Roach ? Do you hear me ? The hell with them . Just forget about them . [ woman ] General . Sir ? Agents Mulder and Scully to see you , sir . - Thank you , captain . - General . I want you to know I 've had the captain contact the justice department ... And let them know about the FBI 's gross misconduct here . I guess this isn 't a good time to thank you for seeing us . Let me assure you , this matter will not go unaddressed . I would hope not , considering the extremity of Lieutenant Colonel Stans ' case . What case ? There 's no case . Stans is a very sick man . Yes , so we gathered . But his file is missing ... Several important facts which came out in our interview with him . I 'm sure everything germane to Stans ' situation is on file . Except for any mention of the death of his wife and two children ... In a house fire three months ago . - Well , it was a tragic accident . - No doubt . But there is no record of any criminal or arson investigation . Stans tried to save his family that night . Well , according to him , he was prevented from doing so ... By some kind of phantom soldier . Look . I 've known Stans a long time , And there 's no doubt that he has suffered terribly . Not unlike Staff Sergeant Kevin Aiklen . You know Sergeant Aiklen , isn 't that correct , sir ? He served under me in the Gulf , yes . Six months ago , Aiklen also lost his family to a house fire . Afterwards , he received psychiatric treatment for delusional behavior , Telling the doctors that he wanted to die , but that somebody wouldn 't let him . Before throwing himself into a wood chipper on the hospital grounds . Now , unless that 's procedure and protocol , I 'd say the coincidence of detail has been rather strangely overlooked , sir . Hold on . Just who 's under suspicion here ? Look . I make no excuses for the sadness of these men 's lives . They are casualties of war . Once brave men who we can do little but feel sorry for . If you think there 's more to it , you are seriously mistaken . That 's your conclusion , General . But I 'd hope you 'd allow us the opportunity to come to our own . Do you really think the General 's got something to hide ? No . I think he 's got everything to hide . You don 't think he 's just closing ranks to protect his men ? Mulder , I know it 's not what drew you to this case to begin with , But I think it 's very clear what 's going on here . What 's that ? The general is protecting his men , but what he 's protecting them from ... Is prosecution for the murder of their families . - Why would he do that ? - I don 't know . But I can think of several good reasons . Because they were his soldiers and he feels somewhat responsible ... - .. for the tragedies that have played out ? - That could be one . Or maybe he knows the deeper secrets to their madness , The biological weapons they were exposed to during the war , The cause of the effect . Considering the government 's absolute disavowal of Gulf War Syndrome , I 'd say it 's a pretty good reason to prevent our investigation . But you 're not buying it . No . What I can 't figure out is why a man who so deliberately and methodically ... Set out to commit suicide would leave the one entrance to the room unsecured . But then again , I obviously have a feeble grasp of army protocol and procedure . [ knock at door ] Come in . I want to apologize , sir . I didn 't mean to put you on the spot like that earlier . I know that , captain. this whole situation is unfortunate . Is there anything more I can do ? No . Go home and get some rest . We 'll deal with it in the morning . Relax , captain . that 's an order . Yes , sir . [ sighs ] [ man ] your time has come , killer . [ answering machine beeps ] [ man whispering , indistinct ] [ man whispering , indistinct ] [ man whispering , indistinct ] [ sighs ] [ gasps ] [ screams ] [ gasping ] [ chattering ] [ camera clicking ] General Callahan . One of the detectives is saying captain draper 's death wasn 't accidental . There are bruises around her neck and her shoulder , Roughly the size of finger marks . And someone drowned her ? The bruises and surrounding edema are consistent with a struggle . Will you be contacting her family ? She had no family . The army was her family . I 'm sorry . Truly . [ door opens ] [ camera clicking ] I talked with security personnel . Other than Captain Draper , they saw no one enter the pool last night and no one leave . But the officers are saying she was drowned . - General , do you have a family of your own ? - Yes . Why ? If the pattern we 've seen is at all consistent , you and your family may be in danger . Based on what , the death of my adjutant ? Just keep an eye on them . Watch out for anything out of the ordinary . - Mulder , you 're serious ? - This is a military base , Scully . They 've got security everywhere . No one sawor heard a thing . It 's not so hard to believe . Her screams would have been muffled underwater . There would be no fingerprints . It also fits the m.o. of Lieutenant Colonel Stans ' phantom killer . Agent Mulder , what did you mean by that ? It was just a word to the wise , sir . No , I mean " anything out of the ordinary . " Any unusual or unexplained phenomena . [ camera clicks ] Last night , I saw someone in my office . He said my name , but when I turned around , he was gone . Then , my phone machine went all snaky again . Again ? This happened before ? No , not what I saw . but the phone calls , yes . Twice before at my home . [ making combat sounds ] Mom , mail 's here ! [ making combat sounds ] Mom ! mom ! Mom ! mom ! mom ! What is it ? What is it , honey ? - Mom , there was a man here . - Who ? Oh , thank god you 're home . I was trying to reach you . Trevor saw someone in the house just a few minutes ago . Is he all right ? Well , he 's upstairs in his room , but he 's terrified . - I 'm- - i 'm shaking myself . - Frances , these people are with the FBI . - Is it about the break-in ? - Why don 't you check on Trevor ? I 'll be right up . - Why ? What 's happening ? - Frances , please . We 'll talk upstairs . [ scoffs ] This way . [ man whispering , indistinct ] It just comes on . the phone doesn 't even ring . At first , I thought it was a prank . [ turns machine off , tape rewinding ] Did you save the other ones ? [ tape continues , indistinct ] No , I erased them . [ tape continues , indistinct ] I even called the phone company , had them check the line . They checked the whole house . They couldn 't find anything wrong . [ Mulder ] Have you noticed any other type of electronic interference , Like the radio or the television ? [ Callahan ] No . Not a thing . There 's someone in the backyard . I saw someone out here . I 'm sure of it . Look . You 'd better call the police , General . You 're gonna feel a little stick here . [ man ] That 's right . I can 't change the dosage . There . That 's fine . I 'll be back in a minute . That was too close , man . I ain 't doing it anymore . - What ? - I said I ain 't doing it anymore . You owe me , Roach . I wouldn 't be in this damn chair if it wasn 't for you . Hey ! This isn 't about you and me , man . This is about all the grunts and all the crips ... And all the boys who came home in a box . The enemy must be defeated , and we 're gonna do it . You 're gonna do your part , and I 'm gonna do mine . Nurse ! Hey ! What do you do , man , when I rap on the tank ? Get some , get some , fire at will . Good . You 're all right . Nurse , come on ! This is killin ' me here ! What a mess . You 've got to learn to sit still . How about you never do it right ? There . That oughta hold it . [ answering machine , indistinct ] - Find anything ? - No . But I 'm really beginning to like the tune . Well , we 've been a bit luckier . Whoever 's targeted the general didn 't just leave footprints . They left fingerprints as well . Really . Where ? Forensics just lifted two matching indexes and a thumb . One on the mailbox next to the front door and one on the door leading to the backyard . We 'd better go run ' em . They 're on their wayto the NCIC as we speak . [ guns cocked ] [ knock at door ] FBI ! Open the door ! Hands up ! Hands over your head ! Don 't shoot ! - Turn around ! - Okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay . Put your hands down behind your back . Cuff him . Quinton Freely , you are under arrest for suspicion of murder . You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law . If you want an attorney , we 'll give you one if you don 't have one ... [ continues , indistinct ] " Captain Janet Draper . Staff Sergeant Kevin Aiklen . Lieutenant Colonel Victor Stans . " General and Mrs. Thomas Callahan . We 've got him , Mulder . [ Trevor making combat noises ] [ fluttering noise ] Watch your left flank there . Okay . - Trevor ? - Hey , Trevor ! We have enough evidence to place you at each of the crime scenes . In addition to accessorym to murder , you 're looking at conspiracy , Breaking and entering , commission of a felony on federal property- - - Can I get a cigarette ? - No . We know you weren 't acting alone , Quinton . We know you had an accomplice . How did he do it , Quinton ? I don 't know . I don 't know what you 're talking about . How did he get past the guard ? How did he kill him ? Trevor was only eight years old . I don 't know . I didn 't kill anybody . I 'm just the mailman . [ mulder ] what does that mean , " you 're just the mailman " ? I 'm Rappo 's mailman . Leonard Trimble , right ? If that 's the man they call Rappo . That 's him . What 's he done ? He 's a suspect in two homicides . Rappo ? You must be making some kind of mistake . How 's that ? There . See for yourself . He 's a quadruple amputee . Damn it . He lied to us . He said he was the mailman . What did he mean by that ? I don 't know . I 'm adding it to the list . Are you coming ? No . I 'll catch up with you later . [ Roach ] He knows this place . He can find me here . He knows this place ! He 's been here before ! I 'm not safe here ! [ man ] Hey , keep it Down in there ! let me outta here ! He 's going to kill me ! I 'm a dead man ! Let me out ! Let me out ! I 'm not gonna tell you again . He 's gonna kill me ! He 's here ! He 's here ! You don 't wanna get him started again . He was pretty worked up about an hour ago . Not as worked up as I 'm gonna be . Visitor . On your feet ! God almighty . [ phone touch tones beeping ] How did it happen ? Suffocation . The bedsheet was stuffed down his throat . Nobody 'd been in the cell with him ? He did all it by himself . - Not likely . - Not likely ? He had help , Scully . And he wasn 't lying because I think the man ... - That killed him was Leonard Trimble . - Rappo ? Yeah . He can 't even walk , Let alone kill somebody . You see this ? This is a dental x-ray plate . I know , you 've been walking around with this since we got here . No , actually , the ones I 've been walking around with I had developed at the hospital . See , this is the one I was carrying when we first me Stans , This one in the rehab room , in the pool , In the general 's office and this one at the general 's house . - All of them exposed to some kind of radiation . - From what ? From Stans ' phantom soldier . I came down here wondering if it could be true , If what Lieutenant Colonel Stans was describing was a case of astral projection . What you 're saying is this man , Rappo , Is leaving his body and floating around town killing people ? Practitioners claim that during a self-hypnotic trance , The astral body can actually detach itself and float virtually anywhere , Sometimes invisible , but sometimes appearing as an apparition . They even claim that the astral body has psychokinetic capabilities ... Far greater than the corporeal body . Mulderm then why would he need Quinton Freely ? Well , maybe he needs a psychic connection to a place thing or object- - a letter . - That 's why Quinton called himself the mailman . - It 's insane . Sometimes the only sane response to an insane world is insanity . You know anything about backwards masking ? [ tape rewinding ] You mean messages recorded backwards in songs ? Yeah . Or on the general 's answering machine . Check this out . [ man whispering , indistinct ] Your time has come , killer . Your time has come . ? [ indistinct ] - Leonard Trimble ? - No , it 's Fred Astaire . Mr. Trimble , we 'd like to ask you a few questions about Quinton Freely . - Roach ? What 's he done now ? - He 's dead . Oh . Well , serves him right . How 's that ? How 's that ? He 's only the guy who turned me into second base by getting my arms and legs blown off . Other than that , he was a real good guy . Then why 'd you kill him ? What 's wrong with this picture ? We read your medical records , Leonard . We know that you 've refused all efforts at rehabilitation . You 've even refused to be fitted with prosthetic limbs . Big deal . Maybe I don 't want any of that crap . Maybe because you don 't need it ... Because you can leave your body any time you want . Kill anybody you wanna kill . If I could leave my body now , I could think of something else I 'd rather be doing . Like kill General Callahan 's boy ? Lieutenant Colonel Stans ' family ? Sergeant Aiklen ? - You 're a real trip . - Oh , I 'm " a trip " ? Because I figured you out ? You 're a soldier . You knew what you were gettin ' into when you enlisted . You want to blame everybody else . why blame your COS ? I blame them for what happened to all of us . You don 't know what it was like . [ scoffs ] you- - you sat at home and watched the war ... On cable tv like it was a damn video game . You had no idea about the guys that died , About the blood in the sand , what it feels like when a hit comes . The thing is , you just don 't care , Do you ? You got your crude oil . Just change that station , right ? Killer got his prime time . IC got his fancy little medals . Now take a good look at me . What did I get ? Nobody knows how I feel . They took my life away . Yeah , so you took theirs . If I only could . Now , if you 're through questioning me , I 'd like to get a little shut-eye . No sleepwalking . That 's good . I haven 't heard that one yet . Hardy-har-har . [ laughs ] What do you wanna do ? Call General Callahan and warn him to stay out of his house . Frances ? Honey , leave that . No , I know how it upsets you when his ... toys are spread all over the place . We can handle this , Frances . I don 't wanna handle this . I want my son back . [ sobbing ] Frances ! Oh ... my god . [ phone ringing ] [ ring ] [ ring ] [ ring ] [ ring ] No one 's answering . the machine 's not picking up . - General ? - Lieutenant Colonel . - What are you doing ? - You were right , Victor . - He won 't let you die . - Sir ? He kills our wives and children , But he won 't let us die . - [ gun continues clicking ] - I know who he is , general . I know who he is . General Callahan , sir . I 've been waitin ' for you . Who are you ? One of your boys , general . You killed my wife . That 's right , sir , I did . And the boy too . Come on , killer . Come on , killer Callahan . Get some ! Get some ! Come on , killer ! Do it ! Fire at will ! Come on , killer . Do it ! [ woman ] What was that ? Come on , killer . You can do better than that ! Come on ! You 're gonna suffer like the rest of us . Oh , you think i 'm gonna let it end this way ? Do you ? Is that what you think ? [ distant chatter ] General . He wanted me to kill him . I stood down . I 'm done here . Scully ? He 's having some kind of a seizure . No , I don 't think so . Nurse ! General Callahan ! [ clanging ] [ Rappo 's voice ] Killer ? Come on , killer . [ grunting ] [ Rappo 's voice ] Your time has come . [ panting ] [ callahan screaming ] General Callahan ! General Callahan ! [ grunting ] [ Scully ] He 's nonresponsive . Come on . [ grunting , gasping ] Put him on the monitors and prep the crash cart . - He 's going into cardiac arrest . - Okay . And make sure the- - [ clang ] Lieutenant Colonel ! Get the keys . We have to open the door . Open the door ! Lieutenant Colonel , open the door ! [ doorknob jiggling ] [ steam hissing ] General Callahan , are you hurt ? I 'm okay . [ labored breathing ] [ mulder 's voice ] " no physical evidence was found linking Leonard Trimble ... " to the deaths of General Callahan 's wife and son . " Officially , the investigation remains open . The murders unsolved . " Leonard Trimble 's family requested his burial at Arlington National Cemetery . " the army denied this request . " Trimble was cremated , his ashes interred ... " at a civilian cemetery in Tannersville , Pennsylvania . " Leonard Trimble 's mission was not to kill his enemies , " but to shatter their lives , to keep them alive , to suffer the pain he felt , " to see the view from his wheelchair . [ door opens ] " amputees sometimes feel the pain of phantom limbs , " ghosts of hands still clenching , legs still aching . " is it not possible that Trimble developed a phantom soul ? " a malevolent psyche that took its violent revenge on those he held accountable . " it was war that destroyed Leonard Trimble 's body . " but his wounds went deeper than the loss of his limbs . " what destroyed those parts of him that make us human beings , " those better angels of our nature ? I cannot say . " Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru [ film projector clicking ] [ boy ] I made this .
