 25.000 ( footsteps ) ( squeaking ) ( fizzling sound ) ( siren blaring in distance ) ( Scully ) Not everything is a conspiracy . You 're shaking . ( Mulder ) One at a time . What 's going on ? - ( man ) Frohike 's close . - Don 't use my name ! Now I 'll have to kill you ! ( man ) Langley and I did three sweeps with the CPM-700 . ( Frohike ) The CPM-700 is a piece of crap ! ( man ) The acoustic correlator is reading passive sounds . ( Mulder ) I still don 't know what the hell is wrong ! No one would kill you , Frohike . You 're a puppy dog . ( man # 2 ) I don 't say any more until the CSM-25 counter measure filter is activated . ( garbled voices ) ( static ) ( man ) Nothing can cut through the CSM-25 . ( Scully ) OK , OK . Now tell us what you 're so close to . ( Frohike ) Not a what , a who . If you find the starting point and follow it , not even secrets of the darkest of men are safe . ( Mulder ) Cancer Man ? - What did you find ? - ( Frohike ) Possibly everything . Maybe his background , who he is , and who he wants to be . August 20th , 1940 , Mexico City . A Stalinist agent assassinated Leon Trotsky with an ice pick . At that same moment , a thousand miles north , in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , he appears . The father was an ardent Communist activist . During the Nazi-Soviet pact , he kept the NKVD informed on American plans to enter World War II . He was executed under the Espionage Act of 1917 before his boy could walk . The mother , a cigarette smoker , died of lung cancer before her son uttered his first word . With no family , he became a ward of the state sent to various orphanages in the Midwest . Didn 't make friends . Spent all his time reading - alone . And then ... he appears to have vanished until a year and a half after the Bay of Pigs . ( man ) Premier Khrushchev , we want you ! ( troops ) Premier Khrushchev , we want you ! We 're gonna kick your rang-a-dang-doo ! We 're gonna kick your rang-a-dang-doo ! Fidel Castro , we want you ! Fidel Castro , we want you ! We 're gonna kick your rang-a-dang-doo ! We 're gonna kick your rang-a-dang-doo ! Mother Russia ... ( man ) I wanna see that when you 're done with it . Why don 't you go see the movie ? I 'd rather read the worst novel ever written than sit through the best movie ever made . Captain , sir ! General Francis requests you report to his office ASAP , sir ! My one-year-old just said his first word . - What was the word ? - JFK . Catch ya later , Mulder . - ( buzzer ) - ( man ) He 's here , sir . Send him in . You wish to see me , sir ? Have a seat , Captain . Captain , have you ever seen these two men , met the general , or myself ? No , sir . In January , 1961 , did you aid Congo president Kasavuba in the arrest and assassination of Patrice Lumumba ? No , sir . Did you train Cuban nationals during Operation Zapata also known as The Bay Of Pigs ? I 'm sorry , I 'm unaware of any such operation . On May 31st , 1961 did you aid Dominican locals in the assassination of Rafael Trujillo ? No , sir . Your father was a convicted spy for the Soviet Union . Executed in a Louisiana electric chair , was he not ? My only regret , sir , is I was too young to throw the switch myself . At ease , Captain . Your father 's actions were totally out of your control . Each of us in this room understands a life eviscerated by the actions of another . Cigarette ? No , thank you , sir . I never touch ' em . You see , most people seek to control life 's events in order to secure a more positive productive and free existence . Often , however , the objectives of others conflict with our objectives . Viva la libertad . Now , most people - common people , really - ... can barely manage to control their own self-centred , myopic existence . They command lawyers armed with paper weapons attacking with spiteful , vengeful , cowardly litigation . Others operate within elephantine bureaucracies . And then , Captain there are extraordinary men . Those who must identify , comprehend and ultimately shoulder the responsibility for not only their own existence but their country 's , and the world 's as well . Your father , Captain , believed his country should look to another form of government and he took control of that belief . So , in that respect we view him as an extraordinary man . And we believe we know , Captain , that it runs in the family . Now , don 't misunderstand . Your father should have been executed . Communism is the most heinous personification of evil mankind has ever confronted . And it is , in part , the reason that you are before us here today . You must understand everything I 'm about to say is classified compartmentalised . So intensely that if you accept this assignment and successfully execute it , you will no longer be an officer of the US army nor will any record exist of your service . The assignment is the assassination of an American civilian , aged 46 former naval PT boat commander . Married , father of two . Last week this country was brought to the brink of nuclear annihilation . A situation which never would have arisen had the individual , as commander in chief provided an umbrella of air support during the invasion at Bahia de Cochinos . Is there a cover story ? Tell ' em it was done by men from outer space . We 've found and are setting up a patsy . Where ? You shouldn 't smoke those , Lee . I 'm reading studies that say they can kill you . Well Mr Hunt sir I 've , uh , heard about those reports and they are no doubt correct . You 'll have a good view of the president today . I like the president 's family . They 're interesting people . However , I have my own views on the president 's national policy . I 'll probably just eat lunch . I 'm going to the movies at the Texas Theatre . It 's only 90 cents . I love the movies . I brought the curtain rods , Lee . I bought some just like this back in March . You did ? Or AJ Hidell ? Well , Mr Hunt , Fidel 's defenders have to be careful . Yes , we do . I 've informed our fellow defender that you 'll hide the curtain rods on the 6th floor of the book depository , behind the cartons against the back wall . The Cuban visa ? Once I 've been notified the rods have been removed from the depository the visa and the money for your trip will be in your room . Take a bus . I left all my money with my wife . That 's all I 've got : 13 and change . You better get going , Lee . You wouldn 't want to miss your ride to work . ( shuffling sound ) Oh ! Good morning , Lee . Starting work right on time . Yes , sir . The president should be driving past any minute . Everyone 's down on the 5th floor . Where 's Lee ? Does he wanna come ? ( chattering ) ( cheering ) ( man on radio ) The president 's car is now turning onto Elm Street . ( sighs ) I was on the Stemmons freeway earlier and it was jam-packed with spectators waiting to see the president . People are really starting to crowd in . ( buzzing sound ) The motorcade is heading down Elm Street now passing the Texas School Book Depository . ( gunshot ) ( people screaming ) I can 't quite see from here . Something has happened on the motorcade route . Does anyone know what happened ? Is there any information ? ( man ) Upstairs ! - Do you know this man ? - Yes , he works for me . Let 's go ! ( people shouting ) ( sirens blaring , people shouting ) ( man on radio ) The president of the United States is dead . It is official now . President Kennedy is dead . No ! No ! No , sir ! I won 't be a patsy . ( police radio ) ... should be considered dangerous , and use caution approaching . Afternoon . ( radio continues ) I wish to see some form of identification , sir . Now easy there , partner . I just wanna talk a minute . If I don 't see valid credentials , I 'm gonna assume you 're with them . Them ? What do you mean , partner ? ( gunshots ) How about a cigarette ? Thank you . You know , Keiffer knocked out a bunker . All by himself , too . ( soldier # 2 ) More guts than me . All I did was pick up the spoils . ( soldier # 1 ) But he 's really gone . After Connors and Thurston ran , he knocked out the bunker with one grenade . Now that 's really somethin ' , huh ? Yeah . ( people grumbling ) ( cop ) We won 't be long . On your feet . Come on . It 's gonna be all over . He 's got a gun ! ( shouting ) Take him down ! I 'm not resisting arrest ! I 'm not resisting arrest ! Stop hitting me , you sons of bitches ! I 'm not the one ! I 'm not the one ! I 'm not resisting arrest ! Police brutality ! This is police brutality ! I 'm not resisting arrest ! ( cop ) Put him in the car ! ( Oswald ) Let me go ! ( cops , Oswald shouting ) ( siren blaring ) ( Martin Luther King ) We must , with positive action , remove those conditions of poverty insecurity and injustice which are the fertile soil in which the seed of Communism grows and develops . These are revolutionary times . All over the globe men are revolting against old systems of exploitation and oppression . And out of the wombs of a frail world new systems of justice and equality are being born . The shirtless and barefoot people of the land are rising up as never before . I can kill you whenever I please . We in the West must support these revolutions . But not today . ... because of comfort , complacency a morbid fear of Communism and our proneness to adjust to injustice the Western nations that initiated so much of the revolutionary spirit of the modern world driven many to feel that only Marxism has the revolutionary spirit . The refore , Communism is a judgement against our failure to make democracy real and follow through on the revolutions that we initiated . No , no . Why 'd you have to do that ? To recapture the revolution ... Why didn 't you know this was coming , Edgar ? ( coughs ) Last year the House was not smiling on non eye-to-eye surveillance . So I stopped . We called Ramsey Clark to get a go-ahead on tapping King 's phone , but he refused . Our behind the fence operations believes that King 's ally , Stokely Carmichael is recruiting ' a Negro army to wage war on white America . Wouldn 't you , if you were them ? If this were only a civil rights issue I 'd vote for a King-Benjamin Spock presidential ticket . But , after last night , it 's not . You actually sound sad about it . I respect King . He 's an extraordinary man . But now he 's talking like a Maoist . And if he convinces Negroes not to fight in Vietnam , we 'll lose . And the first domino will have fallen . We must step up our efforts to discredit him . Like your ridiculous suicide project ? There is but one way out for you ? That letter attempting to drive King into despair only alerted him to the level of our surveillance . We could create a film of him with a woman other than his wife . Using existing footage , we could insert him in a film we make of a woman - ... a white woman . The solution is more intense ... than just dirty tricks . If you 'll excuse us , the director has a meeting at the White House . Sit down ! You 've enough plausible deniability to last the rest of your nine lives . A SIG force can execute a wet-insert operation . One day , he and his immediate circle are just found dead . Too many questions . Americans believe the South is still fighting the Civil War . We find ourselves a cracker patsy , and the motives become very black and white . Another patsy . Should we advise the president ? I work very hard to keep any president from knowing I even exist . Who will you order to do it ? I 'll do it myself . I have too much respect for the man . ( King ) The nation is sick . Trouble is in the land , confusion all around . That 's a strange statement . But I know , somehow that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars . And I see God working in this period of the twentieth century in a way that men , in some strange way , are responding . Something is happening in our world . The masses of people are rising up . And wherever they are assembled today whether they are in Johannesburg , South Africa ; Nairobi , Kenya ; Accra , Ghana ; New York City ; Atlanta , Georgia ; Jackson , Mississippi or Memphis , Tennessee the cry is always the same : We want to be free ! ( people cheering ) ( footsteps approaching ) Raul . - I got the binoculars you sent me out for . - Just put ' em down by your clothes . I heard Dr King 's stayin at the Lorraine Motel right behind here . Our gun buyer 's coming by to look at the rifle . Well , I gave it to you this mornin ' . I have it . Look , uh , three 's a crowd . Here 's a coupla hundred . Go to a movie or something . Come back in a few hours . Leave the Mustang . I 'll need it later . ( King 's voice ) Lord , I don 't know what will happen now . We 've got some difficult days ahead . But it really doesn 't matter to me now . Because I 've been to the mountaintop . ( people cheering ) And I don 't mind . Like anybody , I would like to live a long life . Longevity has its place . But I 'm not concerned about that now . I just want to do God 's will . And he 's allowed me to go up to the mountain . And I 've looked over . And I 've seen the promised land . I may not get there with you . But I want you to know tonight that we , as a people , will get to the promised land ! ( cheering ) So I 'm happy tonight . I 'm not worried about anything ! I 'm not fearing any man ! Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord ! ( gunshot echoing ) ( television ) ... declarations of states of emergency in several cities . In Washington , DC ... ( TVcontinues ) New York state senator Robert F Kennedy has made an appeal for calm . ( Kennedy ) I can also feel , in my own heart , the same kind of feeling . I had a member of my family killed . But he was killed by a white man . My favourite poet was Aeschylus . And he once wrote Even in our sleep , pain which cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart until in our own despair against our own will comes wisdom through the awful grace of God . ( voice on tape ) ( siren blaring in distance ) All right , gentlemen . Let 's make this short so we can all go home for Christmas . Domestic unrest operations ? The Anita Hill thing has lost steam since October . Well , let it go . We played it right . Unfounded allegations will be flying around in no time . LA ? The Rodney King trial 's been moved to Simi Valley , as you instructed . ( beeping ) - Call back . - Internationally , Bosnia-Herzegovina is set for a February vote on independence from Yugoslavia . America couldn 't care less . I 'm working on next month 's Oscar nominations . - Any preference ? - I couldn 't care less . But I don 't want the Bills to win the Super Bowl . As long as I 'm alive , that doesn 't happen . Could be tough , sir . Buffalo wants it bad . So did the Soviets in ' 80 . You rigged the Olympic hockey game ? What 's the matter ? Don 't you believe in miracles ? The boss gave the Russian goaltender a little pre-game good-luck pat on the back . Unseen Novocain needle on a bogus wedding ring . Goalie 's a little slow on the stick side . Four-three , home team . Payback 's a bitch , Ivan . - Well , gentlemen , if that 'll be all ... - One thing internally , sir . That Spooky kid who talked his way into opening the X-Files , he feels like trouble . He 's mine to keep an eye on . ( beeping ) Gorbachev has just resigned . There 's no more enemies . Merry Christmas . Merry Christmas . If you don 't have any plans , sir we 're all getting together with our families out in Virginia . You 're more than welcome to ... Oh . Well . Uh ... I have to , uh , see some , uh some family . ( keyboard clicking ) ( Andy Williams ) ? It 's the most wonderful time of the year ? With the kids jingle-belling ? And everyone telling you be of good cheer ? It 's the most wonderful time of the year ? It 's the hap-happiest season of all ? With those holiday greetings and gay , happy feelings ? When friends come to call ? It 's the hap-happiest season of all ( phone ringing ) Yeah ? ( man ) You 'll never believe what we just got for Christmas . The craft matches the dimensions of a vehicle spotted over Hanoi when I was in Vietnam with the company , that the Marines couldn 't shoot down . - Occupant ? - Critical . Timing couldn 't be worse . The Roswell story we concocted was gathering momentum . Had them all looking in the wrong direction . - With luck we 'll get away with it . - No luck tonight . Our spy planes confirm the Russians tracked entry and have pinpointed touchdown . Haven 't you heard ? There are no Russians anymore . Even if they 're in the midst of ruin , the KGB won 't ignore an event of this magnitude . Nor the Chinese , nor the Germans , nor the British or anyone with the capability of discovering what happened here . I 'm certain each of them has operatives advancing on us right now . How many historic events have only the two of us witnessed together ? How often did we make or change history ? And our names can never grace any pages of record . No monument will ever bear our image . And yet , once again , tonight the course of human history will be set by two unknown men standing in the shadows . A living EBE could advance Bill Mulder 's project by decades . Security Council Resolution 1013 states any country capturing such an entity is responsible for its immediate extermination . I 'm the liar . You 're the killer . Your lies have killed more men in a day than I have in a lifetime . I 've never killed anybody . Maybe I 'm not the liar . I have a chance to go a lifetime without killing anybody or any thing . With all of our work in the past 30 years , all of our victories , if the world were to see this it would destroy all we have gained in a few hours . Tonight , we have a new enemy . Heads . Go ahead . Make history . ( second gunshot ) ( Frohike ) At that point , your work was getting attention from the top floor . That 's why you were brought in . ( man # 1 ) Agent Scully , thank you for coming on such short notice . ( man # 2 ) Are you familiar with Agent Fox Mulder ? Yes , I am . - How so ? - By reputation . Um , he 's an Oxford-educated psychologist who wrote a monograph on serial killers that helped to catch Monty Propps in 1988 . Generally thought of as the best analyst in the violent crimes section . He had a nickname at the Academy . Spooky Mulder . Agent Mulder has developed a consuming devotion to a project outside the Bureau mainstream . Are you familiar with the X-Files ? ( knocking ) Sorry . Nobody down here but the FBI 's most unwanted . Agent Mulder . I 'm Dana Scully . I 've been assigned to work with you . Oh , isn 't it nice to be suddenly so highly regarded ? Who did you tick off to get stuck with this detail ? I 'm looking forward to working with you . - I 've heard a lot about you . - Really ? I was under the impression that you were sent to spy on me . ( Frohike ) Henry David Thoreau wrote The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation . His life has been anything but quiet . Yet , I believe , nothing but desperate . He 's the most dangerous man alive . Not because he believes in his actions but because he believes these actions are all which life allows him . And yet , the only person that can never escape him is himself . - ( woman ) Pivotal Publishing . - Walden Roth , please . - ( woman ) One moment . - Walden Roth . Oh , Mr Roth , hello . Uh , this is Raul Bloodworth author of Second Chance : A Jack Colquitt Adventure . Yes , of course , Mr Bloodworth . What an active imagination ! Alien assassinations ! Is it too much ? I mean , is my imagination too active ? No , I love it . As I 've expressed in the letter I wish to serialise your novel in our publication , Roman A ' Clef . Many authors receive their first printing in our publications . ( laughing ) That 's great . Um , I had an idea about the artwork . I thought it could have a kind of Tom Clancy-ish kind of look ... Great ! That 's why we work with young writers . But you 'll have to relinquish some control . Of course . Of course . After all , it is our publication . And I can assure you , we 'll handle it with the utmost respect . No , no , no . I 'm sure you will . I 'm ... I 'm just excited . Understandable . Do you have an agent or attorney ? - No . - That 's fine . It 's a minimum agreement of $ 2500 , and you 'll save yourself ten percent . Well , that 's fine , that 's fine . Anything . When do you plan to publish the story ? Roman A ' Clef will be on the newsstands the morning of November 12th . ( bell dings ) ( man ) Hey , buddy , you can 't park there ! Excuse me , sir . Have you got this week 's issue of Roman A ' Clef ? - Thanks . - Yeah . This isn 't the ending that I wrote . It 's all wrong . If you 're gonna read it , I gotta ask you to buy it . Of course , I don 't know why anybody would wanna buy that sort of crap . That be it ? Pack of Morleys . Life is like a box of chocolates . A cheap , thoughtless , perfunctory gift that nobody ever asks for . Unreturnable because all you get back is another box of chocolates . So you 're stuck with this undefinable whipped-mint crap that you mindlessly wolf down when there 's nothing else left to eat . Sure , once in a while there 's a peanut-butter cup or an English toffee but they 're gone too fast and the taste is fleeting . So you end up with nothing but broken bits filled with hardened jelly and teeth-shattering nuts . If you 're desperate enough to eat those , all you 've got left is a is an empty box filled with useless brown-paper wrappers . ( Frohike ) This is based only on a story I read in one of my weekly subscriptions that rang a few bells . I 'll check on a private hacker source who 's been working on a few leads that could produce definitive proof . And then we 'll have him nailed . I can kill you whenever I please . But not today . Subtitles by Visiontext ( child ) I made this . ENGLISH SDH
