 25.000 Each passing year has seen our estimate of the probability of life in space increase along with our capabilities of detecting it . Scientists feel that contact with other civilisations is no longer beyond our dreams but is a natural event in the history of mankind that will perhaps occur within the lifetime of many of us . - Excuse me . - Make way . Let her through . Agent Scully ? Detective Rempulski , Alexandria PD . Thanks for coming down to do this . It him ? Yeah . Agent Scully , please have a seat . Agent Scully , we 've had a brief discussion but will you restate the matter we 're here to put to rest ? Yes , sir . Four years ago Section Chief Blevins assigned me to a project you all know as the X-Files . As I am a medical doctor with a background in hard science my job was to provide an analytical perspective on the work of Special Agent Fox Mulder whose investigations into the paranormal were fuelled by a personal belief that his sister had been abducted by aliens when he was 12 . I come here today , four years later to report on the illegitimacy of Agent Mulder 's work . It is my scientific opinion that he became , over the course of these years a victim . A victim of his own false hopes and of his belief in the biggest of lies . We 'll meet the guide at base camp . He 'll take us to the site . - Has he seen it ? - Oh , yeah . He said it 's unbelievable . - How soon can we get to the site ? - Right now ? We 'd be pushing it to be up top by nightfall . I 'd rather sleep seeing it than lay awake all night wondering . - It 'll take some work . - I 've waited all my life for this day . Let 's do it . How you doin ' ? My God ! It 's beautiful . Agent Scully , I presume you have a basis for this break from Agent Mulder . Yes , sir . Recent events have shed new light on the factual and physical evidence that would prove the existence of extraterrestrial life which is the foundation of Agent Mulder 's devotion to his work . What factual evidence ? Agent Mulder was contacted by a man whose pursuit of this evidence seemed to coincide with his own . In his intense desire to believe Agent Mulder was duped by this man . He was fooled by an act of scientific sleight of hand calculated to perpetuate false truths . The larger lie . I am here today to expose this lie to show the mechanism of deception that drew him and me into it and to expose Agent Mulder 's work for what it is . - Hi . - Speaking of Bill , is he coming ? Good evening . May I take your coat ? There he is . Hi . Hello , Dana . - Look at you . - Look at you , my big brother . I 'm sorry I 'm late . My ship got stuck in traffic . - Did you get my birthday card ? - Yes . Thanks for remembering this year . Once a decade . - How are you , Dana ? - I 'm fine . Let 's get some dinner , huh ? Yeah , I 'm starving . ( Bill ) So the parrot says I only got one question . What did that chicken in there do ? ( laughter ) - Mom , I 'll open some more wine . - OK . - I feel awkward here . I 'm sure you do too . - No , I 'm sorry . I 've known your family for so many years . Your mother asked me to come , that I might have a word with you . I know it 's been some time since we 've spoken ourselves ... - ... since you drifted from the church . - Father McCue ... But at a time of personal crisis , a threat to your health turning back to your faith is important and essential . Father McCue I appreciate my mother 's concern , and yours but I 'm being treated for my cancer , and I 'm taking every precaution . Faith can make you stronger . I haven 't felt a need . I have strength , and I 'm not gonna come running back now . It 's just not who I am . I 'd be lying to myself and to you . Dana . Phone . Excuse me . - Hello . - It 's me . Sorry to interrupt your dinner . - No ... is something the matter ? - I need your help on something . Somebody named Arlinsky just contacted me from the Smithsonian . Contacted you about what ? About something he found on a mountain in Canada . I 'd rather not talk over the phone . Meet me at the Smithsonian . - When ? - Right away . I 'm on my way . I 'll apologise to your brother and mother . This couldn 't wait , though . It 's OK . Who is this Arlinsky ? A forensics anthropologist I 've been in contact with for four years . He was involved in a UFO photo-enhancement scandal but continues to profess his innocence . - What am I coming to see ? - I 'm not telling you . I want you to decide for yourself . I estimate , from the sediment in our ice-core samples the body you 're looking at is over 200 years old . - It looks perfectly intact . - Yeah . There would 've been signs of predation . But the position he was found in , in a crevice at high altitude he may have frozen fast enough to avoid being eaten . - Does that fit geologically ? - The area where he was found is in the moraine of a glacier which has since receded . 200 years ago , the area where he was frozen was within the tree line . - There would 've been a thaw . - Who found him ? A Canadian geodetic survey team . Along with a colleague of mine named Babcock . They 're still on the mountain . Who else knows about this ? No one . I know what your first thought was . But the St Elias range ? That 's a long way to go for a hoax . If you 're gonna go , why not go all the way ? I 'm circumspect myself , but the ice-core samples I took can 't be faked . - You have the ice-core samples here ? - Yeah . Yeah . One taken from each side of the body . A 360-degree matching integrity of sediment . It 's my sincere belief that what we have here is the complete corpus of an extraterrestrial biological entity . Absolute and irrefutable . Qualitatively indefensible . Go public and nobody will believe you . The same people who buried the truth will be in charge of its authentication . That 's why I came to you . I need to get the specimen out so I can authenticate it . This body means everything to you , Agent Mulder . - You 're gonna have the proof in your hands . - And what do you want ? We just want the credit . - Do you think it 's foolish ? - I have no opinion , actually . - You have no opinion ? - This is your holy grail , not mine . What does that mean ? Proving to the world the existence of alien life is not my last dying wish . How about Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny ? This is not a selfish pet project of mine . I 'm as sceptical of that man as you are but definitive proof of sentient beings would change everything . Every truth would be shaken to the ground . There is no greater revelation imaginable . You already believe , Mulder . What difference will it make ? What will proof change for you ? If someone could prove to you the existence of God , would it change you ? Only if it had been disproven . Then you accept the possibility that belief in God is a lie ? I don 't think about it , actually . I don 't think it can be proven . But what if it could be ? Wouldn 't that knowledge be worth seeking ? Or is itjust easier to go on believing the lie ? I can 't go with you , Mulder . Can you at least look at those core samples and tell me if they 're a lie ? That 's all I 'm asking . What I couldn 't tell Agent Mulder what I had only just learned myself was that the cancer which had been diagnosed earlier had metastasised . The doctors told me , short of a miracle it would continue to aggressively invade my body advancing faster each day towards the inevitable . What 's that for ? - I don 't know these men well . Do you ? - Well enough . I 'm gonna be up here alone until you get back . I hope I don 't have to use it . I think you 'd better have a look at this . We were doing a lateral cut to the back corner when I saw something in the ice . Right here . What do you think that is ? I don 't know . It could be a bubble . A weak spot . Or a casting channel . A pour hole . Liquid poured in from the side or above somehow . Poured from where ? - I don 't know . - The angle wouldn 't make sense . Yeah . You 're right . We 'll never know until we get it out of there . ( chain saw ) Lon concentration , density and temperature profiles are consistent . There 's a tight matrix of crystals at proximal centre suggesting the quick-freezing scenario . At the terminus are particulate hydrocarbons : Jet-fuel pollutants found just about everywhere . - But not in old ice ? - Don 't misunderstand . This is old ice . This sample has layers of sedimentation , like the rings on a tree essentially . - So it hasn 't been tampered with ? - No . Not from what I can see here . - Can I ask why you 're testing this ice ? - Another agent asked me to . Do you know where this sample came from ? From a site in the Yukon Territory . Why ? There 's some cellular material within the matrix . Plant or animal ? I don 't know . It 's what I 'd have to classify a chimera . A hybrid cell . - From what ? - As I said , I don 't know . - Is it capable of cell division ? - I don 't know that either . I 'd like to get them under our electron microscope , if that 's OK . Yes . Please . ( gun cocked ) - I thought you said someone would meet us . - Yeah , a guide named Rolston . I don 't get it . This had all been arranged . He knew he was supposed to take us up to the summit . I don 't know what to do . We can probably follow this track right up to the site . Maybe we 'll meet him on the way down . Funny place to take a nap . - He 's been shot . - God ... - This our guide ? - Yeah . Excuse me . I 'm looking for Dr Vitagliano . Dr Vitagliano ... Is he here ? No , I 'm afraid not . I was supposed to meet him here . Actually , I 'm a little late . Sorry . ( Arlinsky ) Oh , my God ! They 're all dead ! They 've been shot ! Babcock ! The body . It 's gone ! They took it ! No one knew . We didn 't tell a soul . They had radio communication . Maybe it was being monitored . ( groaning ) Someone 's still alive . - It 's Babcock . - Get me some water . Looks like he took a shotgun hit . It 's not too bad . The bleeding 's stopped . Who did this ? - Here you go . - They took the body , Babcock . No ... I buried it . Where ? Dana ? Bill . What are you doing here ? I picked up the phone when they called Mom 's . Said you could use a change of clothes . Thank you . Where 's Mom ? I didn 't tell Mom what happened . - So what did happen ? - I , uh ... I was knocked down a flight of stairs . But I 'm OK . Luckily . You 're not OK , Dana . I know about your cancer . - I told Mom not to tell you . - Why ? Because it 's very personal . Because I don 't want sympathy . You think you can cure yourself . Mom tells me that you 've gotten worse that your cancer 's gone into your bloodstream . What are you doing getting beaten up ? Trying to prove you 're going out fighting ? Come on , Bill . You know what Mom is going through ? Why do you think I didn 't tell her they called ? What should I be doing ? We have a responsibility to the people in our lives ! Just because I haven 't bared my soul to you or to Father McCue or to God doesn 't mean I 'm not responsible to what 's important . To what ? To who ? This guy Mulder ? Where is he , Dana ? Where is he through all this ? Thank you for coming . Dana ... We can do a good enough examination of the body here , to remove any doubt . We won 't know for sure until we do a carbon dating . I anticipate his physiology alone will be telltale . The Piltdown-man hoax wasn 't uncovered for 40 years , until it failed the carbon-dating test . If this were a hoax , would we have six dead men up on that mountain ? Somebody other than us sure as hell believes it 's not . That 's a heavily trafficked stairwell so we went back to the bio lab , where we found an anomalous set of latents . We found a partial matching in the stairwell , four centimetres from one of yours . - Have you run it through the NCIC ? - Yep . This is your assailant . Unfortunately , he doesn 't have a criminal record . Try the federal database . How 'd you know he 'd be a government employee ? Where does he work ? Right here in Washington . Michael Kritschgau , formerly of the US Army now attached to the Pentagon 's research division in Virginia . Is this the man ? The body is 147 centimetres long weighing 24 kilograms deliquesced . Derma is hairless , grey with an elephantine texture , with no odour . There are some small eruptions on the surface of the skin mostly likely due to the presence of iron phosphate in the ice . Otherwise there appears to be no scarring and no identifying marks . The circumference of the head is 64 centimetres . There are four digits on each hand and three on each foot . Sex is indeterminate . The eyes are lidless , black covered by what appears to be a thin membrane , which I am now removing . The tissue underneath seems to be semigelatinous with a fine network of veins running throughout . Examination of the chest confirms the presence of what appears to be a cardiopulmonary system . Heart and lungs all identifiable within a mass of white stringlike tissue that doesn 't appear to correspond to human physiology . ( brakes screech ) Stop ! Federal Agent ! Hold it ! Michael Kritschgau ! You are under arrest ! Identify your location ! Get out of the car ! Now ! Move ! Please don 't shoot . I didn 't mean to hurt you . I had no choice . - Hands on the car ! - If you arrest me , they 'll kill me . - I don 't know what you 're talking about . - The same people who are trying to kill you . The people who gave you your cancer . There 's tissue-culturing to be done , DNA sequence and analysis . We 'd be wise to run a gas chromatograph , and that carbon dating . But , if this isn 't alien , I don 't know what it is . ( phone rings ) Mulder . I had reached Agent Mulder in a warehouse , just outside of Washington in Sethsburg . They had managed the frozen corpse by helicopter down the side of the mountain and across the Canadian border in a refrigerated truck . After conducting a limited physical examination Agent Mulder was ready to believe that the body was that of an extraterrestrial biological entity . That he had finally found the proof which had eluded him which would confirm not only the existence of alien life but of his sister Samantha 's abduction . But this man Kritschgau had convinced you otherwise . How ? He told me a story which detailed , point by point the systematic way in which Agent Mulder had been deceived and used and how I , as his partner , had been led down the same path losing a family member due to my allegiance and contracting a fatal disease , which I was being told was engineered by the men responsible for Agent Mulder 's deception . Were you able to convince Mulder of these facts ? I was only able to convince him to meet me so that he might hear the story the way I had . Who the hell is this ? Right there , pork . - How 's the wound ? - I 'll live . What is this , Babcock ? Get the door . ( gunshot ) - Where did Mulder go ? - He got a call . - Is he a believer ? - Oh , yeah . Then we 're the only ones who know . Right . The lie you believe that they have cleverly led you to believe , Agent Mulder is that there is intelligent life other than our own and that we have had contact with these life forms . So you 're saying this has all been orchestrated ? A hoax ? - Which you 've been used to perpetuate . - You come by this knowledge how ? Working for the DOD . Watching a military-industrial complex that operated unchecked during the Cold War create a diversion of attention from itself and its continued misdeeds by confabulating enough believable evidence to convince passionate adepts like yourself ... that it really could be true . And just by chance you run into Agent Scully ? I was just like you , Agent Mulder . Suspicious of everything but what you should be . I ran the DOD 's agitprop arm for a decade . I can show you records of disinformation dating back to the Korean War . Why come to me now ? Why not four years ago ? I have a son who 's very sick . He served in the Gulf War . The lies are so deep the only way to cover them is to create something even more incredible . They invented you . Your regression hypnosis , the story of your sister 's abduction the lies they fed your father . You wanted to believe so badly . And who could have blamed you ? And the thousands of UFO sightings ? Above-top-secret military aircraft concept-designed to feed hysteria . Evidence of alien biology ? Unclassified but naturally occurring biologic anomalies science will eventually explain . - The body that was found ? - Constructed out of biomaterials created through the hybridisation of differentiated cells . What are called chimeras . Frozen into place over the course of a year using materials that would bear out its age poured through a small channel drilled in the rock above . They would 've known the body would be carbon-dated , that it would be proved a fake . - The body will never be tested . - What do you mean ? You were only meant to see it to make you believe the lie , so that you might finally commit and go public with the news . This man is a liar . You can see for yourself , Agent Mulder . The body is already long gone . ( Mulder ) Dr Arlinsky ? It 's gone . Mulder ? - ( Mulder groans ) - What ? It 's Arlinsky . He 's dead . So is this man . Who did this , Mulder ? Mulder ? What we had here was proof . No way it could be anything else . You said it yourself : More tests needed to be run . But the ice-core samples checked out . How could the body within be a fake ? Material found in the ice-core samples were a direct match for what this man Kritschgau described : Hybrid cells , chimeras within the matrix . Do we know for sure those cells are not extraterrestrial ? Everything this man described ... You can 'tjust guess at these details . The facts completely overwhelm any argument against them . Facts overwhelmed by the lies created to support them . The only lie here is the one that you continue to believe . After all I 've seen and experienced , I refuse to believe that it 's not true . Because it 's easier to believe the lie , isn 't it ? What the hell did that guy say to you that you believe his story ? He said that the men behind this hoax behind these lies gave me this disease to make you believe . What we generally mean is intelligent life something resembling our noble selves . It is highly probable that there are such intelligent forms of life in other galaxies in the universe . And it is even more probable that many of these forms are vastly more intelligent than we . I think there 's no question but that we live in an inhabited universe that has life all over it . By finding out what the other planets are like by finding out whether there are civilisations on planets of other stars we re-establish a meaningful context for ourselves . I don 't think we should wait until the encounter occurs but that we should do all in our power to prepare ourselves for it . I can conceive of no nightmare as terrifying as establishing such communication with a so-called superior or , if you wish , advanced technology in outer space . Early this morning ... I got a call from the police asking me to come to Agent Mulder 's apartment . The detective asked me ... He needed me to identify a body . Agent Scully ... Agent Mulder died late last night from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Subtitles by Visiontext ( child ) I made this ! ENGLISH SDH
