 25.000 ( gavel banging ) ( man ) Will the witness please rise and take the oath ? I , Dana Katherine Scully , swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help me God . - I would like to read a prepared statement . - You may do so . I left behind a career in medicine to become an FBI agent four years ago because I believed in this country . I wanted to uphold its laws , to punish the guilty and to protect the innocent . I still believe in this country . But I believe there are powerful men in the government who do not . Men who have no respect for the law and who flout it with impunity . - Ms Scully ... - I have come to the conclusion ... - ... that it is no longer possible ... - Agent Scully . This is not a soapbox , Ms Scully . Your statement will be entered into the record . With respect , I would like to finish . This is not why we are here today . Then , why are we here , sir ? Agent Scully , do you or do you not know the whereabouts of Agent Mulder ? Are you or are you not aware of Agent Mulder 's present location ? I decline to answer that question , sir . - Ms Scully , you cannot refuse to answer . - Because I believe answering that question could endanger Agent Mulder 's life . You don 't seem to understand . Your response is not optional . You 're an agent of the FBI . Then if I may finish my statement . ... that it is no longer possible for me to carry out my duties as an FBI Agent . Are you tendering your resignation ? Is that what you 're trying to say ? No , sir . What I am saying is that there is a culture of lawlessness that has prevented me from doing my job . That the real target of this committee 's investigation should be the men who are beyond prosecution and punishment . The men whose secret policies are behind the crimes you are investigating . Tell us what you know about Agent Mulder 's whereabouts or you will be held in contempt of Congress . ( Sorenson ) Agent Scully ? Everything 's in order . Have a nice day . - There you go , sir . - Here , I 'll get that . All right . Thank you . - Where are you coming from ? - Japan . - Did you travel anywhere else ? - The Republic of Georgia . - The purpose of your trip ? - Government business . I 'm going to ask you to see the customs official . What for ? I 'm travelling on a United States diplomatic visa . A random check . Please proceed through the doors . - I 've got a connecting flight . - Right through those doors , sir . Right over here , sir . What 's this about ? I have diplomatic papers . I can 't be treated like this . Is that your only luggage , sir ? - Yes . - Can you open it for me ? No . Sir , I 'm not offering it as a choice . Open the briefcase , or we 'll open it for you . I don 't have the combination . Vince ? I need a strip and full-body-cavity search of this man . There 'll be hell to pay for this treatment . Would you mind telling me exactly what kind of diplomatic work you do , sir ? And what material you 're transporting in these ? That is ... Those are filled with biohazardous materials . Where 's the paperwork ? Why aren 't the containers marked ? Don 't open those . Whatever you do , that material cannot be exposed ... Listen to me ! Open this door ! Somebody open this door ! Somebody ! Somebody open this door ! Let me outta here ! What the hell is this ? ( shouts ) Somebody ! Oh , my God ! The door ! Please let me out of here ! ( screaming ) Oh , my God ! Open the door ! Somebody let me out of here ! Get me out now ! Get me out of here ! Let me out ! We can 't go in too soon . Be patient . It 'll happen . What makes you so sure ? I 've received a series of receipts for detonation cord diesel fuel , and 80 bags of ammonium nitrate purchased in three different states under three different signatures . What makes you sure that it 's here , tonight ? Last night I got two new receipts : One for storage space at this address and one to rent a two-ton truck , both purchased with the same signature . We could be looking at the next Oklahoma City . Who 's leaking them ? And why leak them to you ? We 've got traffic . They 're leaving . Hold . - Go ! - Back it up ! - Get down ! - Drop your weapons ! Federal agents ! Everybody down ! Down on the ground ! Back it up ! Drop your weapons and get down on the ground ! Gas ! Fire ! Get down ! Everybody get down ! Open fire ! ( tyres screeching ) ( Scully ) Mulder ! ( gunshot ) Cover the driver 's side . Federal agent ! I 'm armed ! Exit the vehicle now ! The driver 's dead . I counted two men . Get out of the truck ! Get out of the truck ! Let me see your hands . Hands in the air ! You son of a bitch . - ( Scully ) Mulder ! - I handed you this bust ! - Come on , Krycek ! - Who do you think sent you those receipts ? Most of the detonation cord was stolen from a construction site and some of the explosives were taken from the military base . Security 's just so lax . It 's ajoke . Most everything else was over the counter . Two thousand kilos of boom-boom . How 'd you get involved with these men ? They found me in North Dakota . They liberated me on a salvage hunt . When you go underground , you gotta learn to live with the rats . I 'm sure you had no trouble adapting . These men are pathetic revolutionaries who 'll kill innocent Americans in the name of bonehead ideologies . You 're full of crap , Krycek . You 're a scumsucker whose moral dipstick 's two drops short of dry . I love this country . - What do you want , Krycek ? - Same thing you do . To find the man who tried to kill me . The same man who 's responsible for your father 's death . Your sister 's . You want this man brought to justice ? You can 't bring these men to justice . The laws of this country protect these men under the name of national security . They know no law . Then why don 't you put a bullet in his head like you did that man out there ? These men , they fear one thing : Exposure . You expose ... him expose his crimes you destroy the destroyer 's ability to destroy . The only thing that will destroy this man is the truth . The truth . The truth ... There 's no truth ! These men make it up as they go along . They 're the engineers of the future . They ... They are the real revolutionaries . I can get them for you too . We can 't help you , Krycek . Mulder this is just one bomb I 'm sitting on here . You didn 't ask me how many more I know about . ( PA ) Your attention , please . Due to adverse weather conditions Trans Con flight 78 from Buenos Aires has been delayed . Please check the on-screen monitors in the terminal for a new arrival time . What flight is he on ? An international charter that originated in Russia . - A Turkish airline . - ( Mulder ) There it is , Air Lacayo . Got in at 6 : 45 . That 's 15 minutes ago . Come on , let 's go . - He still has to go through customs . - No . He 'll be carrying a diplomatic pouch . That 's him . Sir ? Federal agents . Don 't be alarmed . We just need to speak with you . Stop right there ! Sir ! Mulder ! Mulder , look . - Is this some kind ofjoke ? - What ? Show him . - What is it ? - Expose it for him , Scully . What did you get for Halloween , Charlie Brown ? ( knocking ) - Who is it ? - ( Mulder ) I need to speak with you , sir . ( sighs ) What do you want ? Your authorisation to provide a safe house . A safe house for whom ? This man has information that could save the lives of innocent Americans . He 'll be safe here . ( groans ) Relatively safe . We 're not even yet , boy . That 's a start . Give me the keys . You can 't leave me out here ! I 'm gonna freeze to death ! Just think warm thoughts . I know I asked you earlier . You have absolutely no idea where this came from ? Not its origin , no . But you have an idea , don 't you ? This rock contains polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons fitting the description of those in fragments of meteorite found recently in the ice fields of Antarctica . Are you saying ... That what you 're looking at is quite possibly from Mars . Over four billion years old . Is it valuable ? Beyond adding evidence to the debate over fossilised remains of alien bacteria it 's relatively worthless . Does this rock contain those fossilised remains , Dr Sacks ? Well , I won 't know that until I 'm able to take a core sample . Which I very much hope you 'll allow me to do . I think we 'd all like to know what 's in that rock . I didn 't realise you lived here . I just moved in . - I 'd guess you live in an upper floor ? - What do you want from me ? Mulder and Scully intercepted a diplomatic pouch here in Washington last night . I 'm afraid it 's created a problem in foreign-policy circles . Quite a problem , actually . I don 't know anything about any diplomatic pouch . No ? - Nothing about the matter ? - No , I don 't . Well , I find that hard to believe , as their supervisory agent . As a friend , I should advise you that withholding information on matters of national security is punishable under laws of treason and sedition . Thank you . I 'll consider myself advised as a friend . I need that pouch , Mr Skinner . And I need to know who gave them the order to intercept it . I 'll get back to you . Wars have broken out over far less , Mr Skinner . Far , far less . ( lock rattling ) ( clattering ) ( yells ) Uh-huh . Thank you . - Got something ? - Big dead end at the State Department . Customs officials detained another courier on a similar visa in Honolulu two nights ago . He was coming from Russian Georgia , carrying a toxic soil sample . - Toxic ? - Which leads me to believe that what 's in this rock are answers beyond the existence of extraterrestrial life . Even beyond the conspiracy to cover up that existence . Mulder , that rock contains fossils of what is believed to be alien bacteria and even that is under intense debate . Why all this effort to get it onto US soil ? I think what Krycek has given us is a pivotal piece to a larger plot . What he 's given us , Mulder , is a rock . Alex Krycek is a liar and a murderer . Who wants to expose the same men we do and will go to any lengths to succeed . What I 'm worried about is you , Mulder . How far you 'll go . And how far I can follow you . ( whirring ) ( screaming ) - Yeah ? - Mulder , where are you ? I 'm with Scully , on our way out to NASA Goddard . I suggest you head home . I don 't know how to explain myself to the police . Explain yourself about what ? The police are at my place with a dead body . They wanna talk to everyone in the building . - Pull over here . - What are you doing ? I 'm gonna take a cab . I want you to find out about that rock . Call me as soon as you do . ( man ) Shouldn 't be too much longer . - No , I wasn 't home . - And you live on what floor ? Seventeenth . Walter Skinner . I 'm an assistant director with the FBI . Oh . My apologies . I got some bad information that there 's a man hanging from your balcony . ( yells ) We 'll walk out of here like nothing happened . If anybody speaks to us you say nothing . I got no problem . You put me up here . I 'm looking forward to see how you get me out . - Stupid-ass haircut ! - I got news for you , Mulder . When they find out who 's dead down there there 's gonna be no question whose apartment he was pulled out of . - Who was he ? - Same guy with the pouch . - Let 's go . - I say follow the pouch . ( phone ringing ) - Yeah . - Mulder , it 's me . Listen to me . Whatever 's in that rock , it appears to be lethal . What is it ? Dr Sacks , he 's ... I don 't know , Mulder . I 've never seen this before . I don 't know if he 's dead or alive . You 'd better find out . I want you to get me an address in New York . Go through the Bureau to get it . - ( woman ) Who is it ? - Fox Mulder . - What are you doing here ? - I need your help . - How did you know where I live ? - FBI database . I 'm sorry . It 's a matter of extreme urgency . A diplomatic pouch left Russia and arrived here in the US . Two men are dead . I need to know why . ( Covarrubias ) Do you have its destination ? And its routing entries ? - Thank you . - ( hangs up phone ) Agent Mulder ? The diplomatic pouch travelled an APEX route to the Russian province , Krasnoyarsk . - Krasnoyarsk ? - Port of entry was the city of Norilsk . That 's just north of Tunguska . - Tunguska ? - Yeah . - What are you looking for ? - My cell phone . I 'm gonna book myself on a flight to Krasnoyarsk , Russia . - I can help you , Agent Mulder . - Find my cell phone ? No . With cover credentials . A diplomatic passport and visa . Why ? Why are you helping me ? Because I can . Because there are those of us who believe in you . Believe in your search for the truth . - How long will it take ? - How long do you have ? Where have you been ? Making travel arrangements . - To go where ? - Follow the pouch . You 're gonna keep me in the dark ? - ( groans ) - Yeah . These are level-four suits . Exactly what he 's wearing . Contamination is impossible unless there 's a tear or a loss of pressurisation . Whatever happened to him , it 's unlikely it penetrated the suit . What do you think happened ? We won 't know until we get in there and take a closer look . Look . There 's a film over everything . It looks like spray kicked off the saw blade when he was cutting into the rock . Oh , my God ! This man 's alive . He can 't be . I mean , he 's not breathing . No , I think he is . I think he 's in some kind of a coma state or some kind of somatic rigour . From what ? I don 't know , but we have to get him outta here . - You 're not ... - I 'll leave the window down . If I 'm not back in a week , I 'll call Scully to bring you a bowl of water . Mulder ! Mulder , you 're not gonna leave me here ! ( continues ) ( jet roaring overhead ) - What 'd you say to me ? - What ? You called me a bad name . ( cursing in Russian ) ( spits ) You speak Russian , Krycek ? My parents were Cold War immigrants . What 's it to you ? ( vehicle approaching ) You 've been putting on the miles . It would help if you had a phone . I come out here because there are no phones . What is it ? - Our courier is dead . - Yes , I heard . Pushed out of a window . - Can this expose us ? - No , of course not . Our necessary and plausible denial is intact . Then what is your concern ? Last night CIA Airport Intell had a man using UN credentials appear on their computers booked on a flight for Krasnoyarsk , Russia . Who was it ? We haven 't determined that with any certainty as yet , but it appears to be a man fitting the description of Fox Mulder . You fool . You stupid fool . This must be corrected . It must be handled . Well , of course it can be . You know my capabilities in a crisis . I don 't think you realise what 's at stake here what level this must be carried to . This will take more than just a good aim ! Senator Sorenson wants to see us ? That 's usually what a letter of summons means . - But a summons for what ? - I can only guess . But the fact I 'm named with you and Agent Mulder leads me to believe I 've been implicated in something more serious than I know . How much more serious , Scully ? It 's hard to say . More serious than harbouring a known felon ? What about Agent Mulder ? What does he know ? Agent Mulder is endeavouring to get his own answers , sir . Where ? ( speaking in Russian ) - It 's five kilometres through those woods . - Let 's go . You 're really going to keep me in the dark , aren 't you ? What are we doing here , Mulder ? June 30 , 1908 . Tunguska tribesmen look into the Siberian sky and see a fireball streaking to Earth . When it hit the atmosphere , it created cataclysmic explosions considered to be the largest single cosmic event in the history of civilisation - ... 2,000 times the force of the bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima . What was it ? It 's been speculated that it was a piece of a comet or an asteroid or a piece of antimatter . The power of the blast levelled trees in a radial pattern for 2,000 kilometres . No real evidence has ever been found to provide a satisfying explanation for what it was . I think somebody found that evidence and the explanation is something that nobody ever dreamed of . What are they doing ? Looks like some kind of mining camp . I don 't think they 're miners . ( horses approaching , shouting ) Run ! ( whip cracks ) ( whispering ) ( man whispering in Russian ) ( coughs ) ( whispering continues ) ( whispering continues ) I don 't speak Russian . Then no one has told you . Told me what ? That you were brought here to die ... - ... to wish you were dead . - I wasn 't brought here . I came here looking for something . The only thing you will find here is death and suffering . - What is this place ? - This place ? A gulag . A place where the guilty rule the innocent . ( keys rattling , door clanging ) ( speaking in Russian ) We gotta get out of here . They 're gonna torture us . How do you know ? They were questioning me trying to get me to confess . To what ? To being a spy . What 'd you tell them ? That we were stupid Americans lost in the woods . Mulder , you 're gonna need me in here . Don 't touch me again . Ah , Agent Scully , Mr Skinner . Thank you for coming . It 's difficult to decline an invitation from a member of Congress . Please , have a seat . Are you familiar with the penalties for obstruction ofjustice ? Is that a rhetorical question , sir ? You know why you 've been called here today ? We have an idea . We 've been looking into the death of this man outside your apartment Mr Skinner , and it 's raised some troubling questions . Such as ? Such as what this man was doing on your balcony before he fell to his death . It was your balcony , wasn 't it , Mr Skinner ? Perjury is a very serious offence , particularly for an FBI agent . We intend to file a report on this matter once we fully understand what it is that we 're investigating . And Agent ... Mulder . Can you explain why he declined my invitation to be here today ? Agent Mulder is in the field , sir , seeking answers to the questions you are asking . And where is he seeking these answers ? Agent Scully ? ( man speaking Russian ) ( shouting in Russian ) ( speaking Russian ) - What did you say ? - That I want to see his supervisor . Do svidaniya . That man is not your friend . He speaks differently to the guards . Formal language , as if to an equal . You are deceived . Who are you ? A prisoner , like you . - But I have committed no crime . - Then why are you here ? To do the work , like the others . Like them , I will die in an experiment when there is no longer any use for me . - What kind of experiment ? - ( pounding , clattering ) ( speaking Russian ) No ! What are you ? No ! ( groans ) ( speaking Russian ) ( valve squeaking , liquid flowing ) ( screaming ) ( screaming continues ) ( screaming continues ) ( screaming subsides ) Subtitles by Visiontext ( child ) I made this ! ENGLISH SDH
