 25.000 ( woman ) ... the superior court of the state of Pennsylvania declares case BD-237 closed . That 's why I suggested you file the joint summary with ajoint petition ... Thank you . ( ? Tattooed Love Boys by The Pretenders ) No way . Right . ( thunder ) ( door closes ) ( grunts ) ( Mulder ) These craft , where were the majority sighted ? ( man ) On route home , me , others walk on the minefield by base . Long , black car drive up no door handle , no window . No persons drive . We run . Mines explosion , but no sound . Nothing . Silent . ( Mulder ) You said others . Any of them with you in America ? Yes . Three of us ... ( Mulder ) Can you verify ... Difficult . KGB still have much power . ( man ) We are each mentioned in ... - ( woman ) Hello ? - Hello , Mrs Denunzio , hi . This is Ed Jerse at Fuller and Siegel . How are you this morning ? - The kids , you know . - I understand . I wanted to call and let you in on a stock that 's going public next week . It 's so hard after the holidays . Don 't hit her with that ! I mean it ! I 'm sorry . What ? A company in Tucson called Cryo-Cord has achieved an amazing advancement in the technology of cryogenics . Stem cells from the blood of an umbilical cord may be transplanted in the treatment of diseases such as ... ( woman 's voice ) Loser . Such as ? - What ? - Diseases such as ? - Before that , what did you say ? - Nothing . You were talking . ( woman laughing ) ( laughing continues ) ( woman ) The stock is always gonna come around . - Then I just punch it up here ? - Say it to my face . Right to my face . Now that I 'm in front of you , call me a loser to my face ! - Calm down . - ( woman 's voice ) Trash her desk ! Why don 't you go home , Ed ? We 'll discuss this later . I made an effort to get out of it , but the Bureau is sticking to its vacation policy . I haven 't taken a day off in four years , so either I go now or they start not paying me for eight weeks ' vacation . I don 't like it , but I gotta do it . I gotta pay the rent . I gotta eat . I can 't help thinking this is a way to get me outta here . But it is only a week , and you 'll be here to keep an eye on things for me , so ... Here 's a few things for you to keep an eye on while I 'm gone . Why don 't I have a desk ? What do you mean ? I always assumed that that was your area . Back there . OK , we 'll get another desk and there won 't be any room to move but we can put them face-to-face . Maybe we can play battleship . What is it you want me to keep an eye on ? That contact we met last night , who was present for a first . You abandoning me during questioning . In the future , all people being interviewed will provide you with a laser show to keep your interest maintained . In any case , his name is Vsevlod Pudovkin . He has a doctorate in astronautical engineering . He and other contacts worked at a military space centre in the Republic of Karelia . They smuggled out reports of two alien craft which were retrieved from the Sea of Barents . And these reports are for sale ? - At a high price , yeah . - Mm-hmm . Do you know the identity of these individuals ? That 's your assignment . I want you to run a Bureau NCIC check on these individuals all of whom now reside in Philadelphia . I 've also made arrangements for travel so you can administer eye-to-eye surveillance . I 'm not going . What do you mean ? Your contact , while interesting in the context of science fiction was , at least in my memory , recounting a poorly-veiled synopsis of an episode of Rocky and Bullwinkle . Eenie , meenie , chili beanie , the spirits are about to speak ? Rocky and Bullwinkle are looking for an upsidasium mine . Boris Badenov alters the road signs which causes them to walk onto a secret military base where they are picked up by a car with no windows , no door locks and there are silent explosions from a compound called Hushaboom . You 're refusing an assignment based on the adventures of Moose and Squirrel ? That makes it sound like you 're my superior . Do what you want . But I worked my ass off to get these files reopened . You were just assigned . This work is my life . And it 's become mine . - You don 't want it to be ? - This isn 't about you . Maybe it is indirectly . I don 't know . ( sighs ) I feel like I 've lost sight of myself , Mulder . It 's hard to see , let alone find in the darkness of covert locations . I wish I could say that we 're going in circles , but we 're not . We 're going in an endless line . Two steps forwards and three steps back while my own life is standing still . Maybe it 's good that we get away from each other for a while . - Where will you be ? - Ironically enough , it 's personal . It 's a ... place I always wanted to go what I anticipate to be a spiritual journey . I hope to discover something about myself . Maybe you should do the same . Yes , Mrs Shima-Tsuno . Ma 'am , what if I swore to you that it would never happen again ? I just would like another chance . I need another chance , Mrs Shima-Tsuno . Well , that stock I recommended - Virtual Gambling - is up . Mm-hmm ! Mm-hmm . Right . I understand . Thank you for your time . Goodbye . ( woman 's voice ) Thank you for your time . ( laughs ) If you were any kind of man , you would have told her to kiss your ass . But no . Another woman sticks it to ya . Ain 't that right , Eddie ? - I can hear you down there ! - ( pounding the floor ) - ( chirping ) - Stop it ! Knock it off ! I can hear you ! - ( pounding continues ) - Shut up down there ! - ( chirping continues ) - Stop it ! Stop it ! Knock it off ! I can hear you ! ( TV ) ? I go downtown and roam all around ? But every street I walk I find another dead end ( woman 's voice ) You hear that ? It 's you , Ed . It 's all about you ! Knock it off ! ? I know there 's someone just waitin 'somewhere ? I look around for her but she 's just not there - ( knocking ) - ? Doesn 't somebody want to be wanted ? Good evening . My name is Hannah , this is Spencer . - Have you imagined what it would ... - Do you hear that ? Downstairs . What I hear is the confusing and troubling sound of ... She 's tryin ' to drive me crazy . We just talked to Miss Schilling and I don 't believe she ... Somehow ... she knows what I 'm thinking . I don 't want to feel it , but they know like psychics or somethin or an implant thing , tryin ' to drive me crazy . They 've programmed the TV to criticise me . - ? ... find my way - There . You hear it ? There ! There ! There ! We 'll come back some other time . ( woman 's voice ) Mmm , mmm , mmm . You see ? Even the Jehovah Witness babe won 't waste her time on you . No woman would . And you just sit and take it . Take it like a man . ? Just like me . ( knocking ) ( knocking ) Hey , what are you doing ? Get out of here . - ( TV ) I 'm no different from anybody else . - Get out of here ! - I 'm gonna call the cops ! - I start each day ... No ! No ! Please ! Get out ! It gets really lonely all by myself . Now where is love , and who is love ? - I gotta know . - ( screaming ) ( TV ) ? Doesn 't somebody want to be wanted like me ? ? Where are you ? ? Doesn 't somebody want to be wanted like me ? ? Just like me ? Doesn 't somebody want to be wanted like me ? ? Where are you ? ? Doesn 't somebody want to be wanted ... ( scraping ) ( footsteps , thudding ) ( grunting ) ( grunting ) ( woman 's voice ) Attaboy , lover . From now on , I 'm your right-hand gal . You and me . As long as I 'm with you , no one will ever hurt you . Never again ! ( phone line ringing ) ( ringing ) - ( beep ) - Oh , hey , Scully , it 's me . I 'm just calling to see how you 're doing . Give me a call on my cell when you get a chance . Just let me know where you 're at . ( man ) Just watch yourself , all right ? ( man and woman arguing in Russian ) ( man continues ) ( speaking Russian ) - ( man ) That 's not my problem . - ( Ed ) You did good work . Very nice . It 's just like in the window . But ... So what ? Why do you want to cover it ? Listen , friend , everyone gets tattoo they deserve . What if you don 't cover the whole thing ? Just the eyes and the mouth . Even if I say yes , it 's too soon . Skin must heal . I 'll pay you anything . Miss ? Miss ? You . You like this on his arm ? Wow . Uh ... ( woman 's voice ) Eddie ? The uh ... the colour ... the red on the lips ... it 's extraordinary . Something I find in Soviet prison . I tell him everyone gets tattoo they deserve . - Beautiful , cheap ... - ( woman 's voice ) I thought I was your girl . Tattoo reflect on body what lies in person 's soul . ( woman 's voice ) You 'd break my heart over a cheap redhead ? Used the sewing needle , paper clip . ( woman 's voice ) You talk to her , and I 'm gonna be bad ! I find grasses grow in prison yard , rye and such . Only use now , on that tattoo . Svo . Pardon me . - You look . - Mm-hmm . Thank you . Mind some advice from a stranger ? Think it over before you get it done . - You didn 't get the tattoo you deserve ? - Mine was , uh , too impulsive . Never say never ? Sometimes I wish I were that impulsive . Careful what you wish for . There 's more fashionable places in the city . How did you end up here ? I 'm in town visiting my aunt in the neighbourhood . How about you ? There 's a crummy bar across the street . It 's good for when you 're feelin ' down and I was kind of down last week , and , uh ... So it wasn 't so much impulsive as it was hammered ? Have you , um , seen much of Philadelphia ? No . There 's a couple of really nice restaurants by the river , if you 're interested . I 'd like that . But , um I , uh , I 'm leaving tonight . Uh , if you 're ever in town again ... That 's my home number . I work there mainly . ( ringing ) - Hello ? - Scully ? - Mulder , what 's wrong ? - Nothing . I 'm at that special place , and I wanted to share it with you . You know Elvis bought the furniture in 30 minutes ? How did you know where I was ? I checked where we always stay . I knew you wouldn 't abandon me . How 's the case going ? I 've handed it over to the Philadelphia Bureau . Philadelphia Bureau ? They don 't know or care about the X-Files . Mulder , there is no X-File . Your contact is connected to the Vorovskoi Mir . Extortion , credit fraud , cons . He is nothing but a swindler . - How do you know ? - How do I know ? You assigned me the background check . I did as told , as always . Hold off until I get there , OK ? - You don 't think I 'm capable ? - Of course I do . - It 's just that in this case I need you to ... - It 's notjust in this case . What 's the agent 's name in Philadelphia ? It is over . Done . Pudovkin is out of our hands . Mulder , I have to go . ( scoffs ) You got a date or something ? Y-you 're kidding ? I have everything under control . I will talk to you later . ( woman 's voice ) Isn 't it better this way , baby ? Me and you alone ? Women are so petty , jealous controlling . That bitch today would have been just like all the others . ( phone rings ) - Hello ? - ( Scully ) Um , hi . Ed Jerse , please . - This is him . - It 's Dana . We met today . My flight was cancelled because of this storm and I was just wondering if I could take you up on dinner . I think it 's worth fighting a little snow . One thing , my ... my car is in the shop . - We 'll have to meet . - I can pick you up . - Give me an hour ? - Good . Well , I 'll see you then . ( woman 's voice ) Go ahead . Treat yourself . This girl is a real doll . But beauty 's only skin deep , baby . I go all the way to the bone . ( sizzling ) ( man ) Miss Schilling ? - Oh . - She said she 'd be here . - I don 't understand . - Miss Schilling ? ( knocking ) ( footsteps ) - Hi . - Hi . I 'm , uh , early . The storm 's not so bad . It 's supposed to get bad later tonight . Come on in . I 'll be ready in a second . ( Ed ) We can forego the what a nice place you have formalities . Ed , I , uh ... I don 't go out very much . The last time I went on a date was to see Glengarry Glen Ross and the characters in the movie had a better time . Ed , you 're bleeding . Oh , uh , it 's just the damn tattoo . I 'm a doctor . Do you want me to take a look at it ? No , it 's OK . It 's been nothin ' but trouble . ( footsteps ) I hope you like this place . I made reservations . Ed ... The , uh ... The crummy bar you told me about ... Take me there . So what makes this place a good place to go when you 're feeling down ? It 's kinda ... Everyone here looks like their problems are worse than mine . Makes me feel good about myself . You can 't tell what 's going on in somebody 's head by looking at them . They 're probably thinking we 're the screwed-up ones . Are we ? Who knows ? I mean , sometimes I , uh ... I 've always gone around in this , uh this circle . It usually starts when an authoritative or controlling figure comes into my life . And part of me likes it , needs it wants the approval . But then at a certain point along the way , I just , you know ... OK . Um ... My father was a navy captain . I worshipped ... I worship the sea that he sailed on . And when I was 13 or so , I went through this thing where I would sneak out of my parents ' house and smoke my mother 's cigarettes . And I did it because I knew that if he found out , he would kill me . And then along the way there are other fathers . Sounds a little like your time has come around again . I want things more like a straight line , and I don 't ever want to go backward . That 's why I got the tattoo I deserve . It marked a moment a feeling a memorial of something I never want to have happen again . I wanna see it . You know , Dana , just cos I marked the moment wanting to go forward , doesn 't mean that it worked . - I wanna see it . - Come on . It 's all scabbed up . That 's OK . ( gasps ) If you 're so curious get your own . She wants the same red , like mine . ( whirring ) ( gasps ) It 's really bad out . Look , the weather and a few drinks under your belt , I 'd feel better if you stayed here . Hey . I 'm not up to anything . I just want you to be safe . I 'll take the couch . The tattoo hurt at all ? Yeah , um it feels weird . I , uh I can 't see it . I but I feel different . It 's like , uh ... I don 't know how I feel about that . Yeah ... It looks all right . Ed , you 're bleeding again . Will you let me take a look at it ? I am a doctor . He said this could happen . Ed , it looks burned . ( woman 's voice ) Get her hands off of me ! Those are bad thoughts you 're having , baby . You kiss her , and she 's dead . ( dialling number ) ( woman ) Adams Inn . - Dana Scully , please . - Thank you . I 'll ring . ( ringing ) I 'm sorry , sir . There 's no answer in that room . Thank you . ( gasps ) ( knocking ) I 'm Detective Gouveia . This is Detective Smith . May we speak with Edward Jerse ? Uh , I 'm sorry . He 's not in . I don 't know where he is . - Were you here the night before last ? - No . Can I help you with something ? I 'm with the Bureau . ( sighs ) Excuse me . The resident downstairs , Kaye Schilling , is missing . Some blood was found in her apartment , not hers . It had some ... abnormalities . Such as ? I have a background in forensic medicine . Anything you divulge to me will be held under strictest confidence . A preliminary toxicology report found this substance in the blood stains . The blood type was A , and hers was O. May I ? Here 's our card . We 'd appreciate Mr Jerse giving us a call when he returns . And if he doesn 't , we will . OK . ( clears throat ) ( ringing ) - ( woman ) FBI . - Yeah , Fox Mulder , please . One moment . ( ringing ) ( dial tone hums ) Good morning . What 's wrong ? Ed , sit down . Some detectives were here . The woman in the apartment downstairs was reported missing . They found blood , and I believe it may be yours . I was helping her move in , and I cut myself . You need to tell that to the detectives . But what I 'm also afraid of , and this concerns both of us is that an ergot alkaloid was found in the blood which is why I think it may have been yours . Ergot is a parasite that lives off of rye and related grasses . Svo said that he used rye somehow in his ink . If this is true , we may be subject to hallucinogenic ergotism . Aural , visual hallucinations dangerous and unlikely behaviour . We need to go to the hospital to be tested . I don 't need that , Dana . It 's such a relief to be able to tell someone . I hear it , Dana in my head , only deeper . It 's more than just some chemical reaction . She talks to me . She hates women . My wife , my boss , you . She 's so jealous , Dana . She makes me do things I don 't want to . But she controls me . But I believe that you made her go away . We need to get help . I 'm gonna go into the other room and I 'm gonna come back , and we are gonna go together . ( woman 's voice ) Mmm-mmm ? Who 'd she call ? Who 'd she call , Eddie ? Come on ! Aren 't you just dyin ' to know ? ( dial tone hums ) ( line ringing ) ( woman ) FBI . - ( woman 's voice ) Dana Scully . - Dana Scully . One moment . All right , let 's go . Never again ! ( woman 's voice ) Another woman in my bed ? Burn the sheets , lover . Burn her . Burn her ! ( woman 's voice laughing ) ( laughing continues ) ( laughing continues ) ( woman 's voice ) Come on , baby . Come on , baby ! Do it for me . Ow ! - This isn 't you , Ed ! - Go on , Eddie ! - Get control of yourself . - Ah , but it 's good to lose control . - Take control ! - Do it for me , Eddie ! Do it ! - ( Eddie screaming ) - No ! - ( screaming ) - ( woman 's voice laughing ) Welcome back . You look better than you did in the hospital . And congratulations for making a personal appearance in the X-Files for the second time . It 's a world record . Ed Jerse is in custody at the St John 's Burn Center in Philadelphia . Ergot was found in his bloodstream , and yours but not to the degree that should cause hallucinogenic ergotism . He 'll undergo psychiatric evaluation after recovering from burn trauma . Comrade Svo has been shut down and is under investigation for having links to Pudovkin . Case closed on Boris Badenov , which is a shame because I was gonna have an NY tattooed on my ass to commemorate the Yankees World Series victory . Better late than never , huh ? The , uh field office in Dallas is , uh receiving reports of an image of a missing child appearing on a blank billboard outside of Arlington . So ... All this because I because I didn 't get you a desk ? Not everything is about you , Mulder . This is my life . Yes , but it 's ... Subtitles by Visiontext ( child ) I made this ! ENGLISH SDH
