 Can you help me ? I 'm looking for a woman who 's- - Excuse me- - Excuse me . I 'm looking for a Dana Scully . Was a Dana- - Sc- - Excuse me . I 'm looking for Dana Scully . Is she a patient here ? Dana Scully ? Is-Is there an admitting nurse here ? Look , can somebody help me here ? You 're gonna have to calm down . I will calm down when somebody gives me a reason to calm down ! Now , I 'm looking for a patient that was admitted to the R.R. Dana Scully . Yes ! Where is she ? I heard you the first time . I have her in the I.C.U. Where is that ? You 're gonna have to tell me who you are first . Where is she ? Agent Mulder ! Where you goin ' ? I.C.U. You 're movin ' pretty good for a dead man . I 'm only half dead . You got a lot to answer for , agent Mulder ! - You guys hold here . - Yes , sir . What happened to her ? She went into hypovolemic shock . She 's lost a lot of blood . Due to what ? Due to what ? She 's dying . Let 's go home . There 's nothing you can do . Let go of me . Get the hell off of me ! Don 't do this ! Don 't make me put you under arrest . Don 't ! X-Files Season 5 Episode 02 - Redux II [ Blevins ] I 'm somewhat at a loss here in going forward . This situation developing unexpectedly ... During a formal inquiry into your reported death , agent Mulder . The fact of your being here today very much alive , It gives the effect of reshaping this investigation ... Into something altogether different , As we 're now put upon to verify the identity ... Of this body found in your apartment ... And the circumstances which led to this . Would you care to enlighten us on these circumstances ? Are you suggesting that I can ? [ Blevins ] agent Mulder , We 're here informally to give you the chance to help yourself . Help myself how ? By allowing any facts or details which might serve ... To let us go forward with this inquiry in a more informed manner . That helps you . How does that help me ? [ Blevins ] agent Mulder , this is going to quickly become a murder investigation . Criminal charges are going to be made . [ Skinner ] we have only one other suspect . She may no longer be able to testify on her own behalf . Agent Scully lied to us . Why ? Who 's protecting whom , agent Mulder ? [ Blevins ] your choice is your own , but your failure to answer ... Will reflect poorly on the record in a formal inquiry . Are we finished then ? [ Door opens ] [ Door closes ] Word of advice , my friend . Keep playin ' it the way you are . Thanks , buddy . Hey , right now , you need a buddy . You need all the help you can get . You should 've mentioned that at the hospital , hauling my ass off . I saved your ass , agent Mulder . I 've been withholding forensic evidence about the body found on your apartment floor . Until you showed up last night , I was the one keeping your secret . I had no choice but to bring you in . Scully will verify all of that . That 's a good place to lay it , considering her condition . You want me to lay it where it belongs , agent Mulder ? Pathology turned up two gunshot wounds to the dead man in your apartment- - One fired point-Blank to the left temple with a handgun , The second a postmortem wound to the face to remove the man 's identity . Now , I 'd be happy to verify the ballistics on that first shot . How can you help me ? Tell me why Scully lied for you . The disease she has was given to her ... By somebody connected to the F.B.I. To a mole working here . Who ? I failed to find that out , sir . You don 't want to forget who your friends are , agent Mulder- - To remember who you can trust . [ Man on TV ] the chairman said , " what are the appropriate limits of human knowledge ? " I don 't think there are any appropriate limits to human knowledge . As long as science is done openly and with free will , Then I don 't think there are any limits . [ Man # 2 ] senator Kennedy . [ Kennedy ] dr . Vermont , You 've stated that ... The cloning of humans would be ill - Considered ... And technically difficult to accomplish . Can you expand a little bit on what you see ... As the biggest technical obstacle to human cloning- - [ Continues , indistinct ] I trust you 've heard . Mulder is alive . As I said , he 's not to be underestimated . Yes , as you said . Though I hear he has you to thank in some part for his new freedom . Using a stolen I.D. , Mulder was able to get inside the advanced research projects facility . And you allowed him to escape . Yes . We 're too vulnerable . Our man in the F.B.I. Is exposed . What Mulder may have seen could expose our plans . What Mulder 's seen only serves us . It serves to ensure our plans . Mulder 's in trouble . He needs help . We can give it to him . In exchange for ? His new loyalty ... to us . As I 've said all along , Mulder 's much more valuable to us alive . You can proceed now . Mulder , what are you doing here ? Heard you were being moved out of I.C.U. , you were feeling better . Mulder , somebody 's gonna see you here . It 's okay . I 'm officially among the undead . What happened ? I didn 't come here to talk about that . Mulder , don 't try and protect me . I need to know . Well , there 's not much to talk about anyway . I 'm gonna testify to everything I know in front of the F.B.I. Assembly . The conspiracy , the men behind it , what I believe is its purpose . Did you find out who in the F.B.I. Is involved ? No . But that doesn 't matter now . Yes , it does . Hey , Scully , how about those Yankees , huh ? Mulder , skinner has evidence against you . He knows that you killed that man they found in your apartment . Yeah . Skinner 's withholding it . Mulder , skinner 's dirty . He 's not your friend . I 'm almost certain that he 's the man inside on this . I don 't believe that . If you testify , he will use it to ruin you . No , not skinner . He 's-He 's been in a position to know everything from the beginning , Everything that we 've done over the past four years . If I don 't testify now , they 'll start to bury the truth . Well , then you have to lay it on me . You have to tell them ... That I was the one who killed that man . I can 't- - I can 't do that . Yes , you can . Mulder , if I can save you , let me . Let me at least give some meaning to what 's happened to me . [ Door opens ] Dana ? Hi , Fox . Hi , Mrs. Scully . - I hope I 'm not interrupting . - No , no , no . I was just on my way out . Hi . I 'm , uh- - I 'm Fox Mulder . I don 't think we 've ever met . I 'm bill Scully . I 'm sorry about your sister . Mr. Mulder . Yeah ? I know something about you- - About what Dana 's been through with you , so ... Let 's leave the work away from here , okay ? Let her die with dignity . Please tell me you 're here with severe chest pains . You should be glad for why I 'm here- - To pay you some respect . Go to hell . For your cleverness and your resource , What you managed to do for Scully . What are you talking about ? Well , breaching the security at the defense department facility , Finding the cure for her disease . What I found was useless . On the contrary . It 's essential to her survival . If you like , we could step outside and I might explain myself . I 'm here tonight as a friend , agent Mulder . He promised me it would be in here . [ Frohike ] I 'll be damned . It never occurred to me what the deionized water might be for . - Who knew it was a microchip we were lookin ' for . - This is a cure for cancer ? - It may be for Scully 's . - How ? [ Mulder ] shortly after she was abducted , She discovered a small metallic chip implanted subcutaneously in her neck . It was just a short time after she had it removed that she developed cancer . - It 's unreal . - Too freakin ' amazing . Watch your language , Frohike , and grab me some tweezers . [ Blevins ] Mr. Kritschgau , thank you for being here today ... And for cooperating with this investigation . We hope you can provide information ... That will allow us to make formal charges ... For the murder of defense employee Scott Ostelhoff . Mr. Kritschgau , We have learned that you were in contact with agents Mulder and Scully ... Just prior to this man 's death . - That 's correct . - And that you may have given them classified information . What motivated this ? My knowledge of government involvement in a conspiracy against the American people . Uh , before- - Before we go into any specifics on that subject , I 'd like to ask you a more pointed question . Do you know who killed Scott Ostelhoff ? No , I don 't . Do you know of any connection between his death and agents Mulder or Scully ? No . I 'm aware of one death in connection , though . My son , who died early this morning . Mr. Kritschgau , You 're employed by the department of defense , is that correct ? [ Kritschgau ] technically . Part of my remuneration has come from another source . A congressional lobbying firm- - Something called roush . Roush ? Any idea what that is ? No , sir . This is crazy , just crazy . Well , crazy in what sense ? In that it might save your sister 's life ? You 're not a doctor . You have no place even suggesting this science fiction . It 's not science fiction . He 's never heard of it ! Bill . [ Sighs ] - Have you ? - No , I haven 't . I think there 's an obvious difference of opinion here . [ Scully ] I think ... That everybody here has their heart in the right place . But I need it to be my decision . Dana- - I know you 're only looking out for me , bill , But I don 't think you have all the facts . Don 't you think you should listen to your doctor ? Yes . I am . Would she have to stop her conventional treatment ? [ Doctor ] to be honest , at this point ... The only approach I have left with her particular cancer ... Is quite unconventional . I 'd like to try this . You really believe this crap , don 't you ? Yes , I do . You see , she 's your big defender , But I think the truth is she just doesn 't want to disappoint you . If it works , I don 't care what you think she thinks . You 're a real piece of work , you know that , Mr. Mulder ? Why is that ? Because I don 't think the way you think ? Because I won 't just sit passively back and watch the family tragedy unfold ? You 're the reason for it . And I 've already lost one sister to this quest you 're on . Now I 'm losing another . Has it been worth it ? I 'll tell you what I mean . Have you found what you 've been looking for ? - No . - No . You know how that makes me feel ? In a way , I think I do . I lost someone very close to me . I lost a sister . I lost my father . All because of this thing I 'm looking for . This what ? Little green aliens ? Yeah . Little green aliens . You 're one sorry son of a bitch . There 's not a lot more to say . [ Cell phone ringing ] One sorry son of a bitch speaking . How 's our patient ? You did find the chip , didn 't you , agent Mulder ? Yes . I can imagine there was some question as to its medical value . Well , there still is . And so I have yet to earn your trust , in spite of my gesture . [ Chuckles ] you could say that , yeah . Well , I have something else to offer you . I 've arranged a meeting I think you 'll want to attend , Mr. Mulder . Tabasco . It cures anything . I 'll keep that in mind . You know him or somethin ' ? I think that 's my sister . Samantha ? I was afraid I 'd never see you again . He always told me something had happened to you that night . Who ? Who told you that ? My father . I never really knew what happened . I could never put the memories all back together . But as much as I tried to remember , I tried more to forget . Why ? I was eight years old ... And frightened to death . And they told me that I was an orphan . But you call that man your father . Sometime later , I don 't know how long , My foster parents took me to a hotel room ... And said that I was gonna see my father . But you knew who your father was . I thought I knew . But he told me that it had all been a secret , And that he and mom ... Hadn 't told anyone to protect the family . And you believed that ? He was so kind to me . And he was the only one I could remember from before what happened . You don 't remember anything about that night ? I remember ... You . I remember something . Men , and- - And then nothing . I can help you . You were abducted , Samantha . I can help you to remember . I don 't want to , Fox . I don 't . Then why come here at all ? My father told me that he 'd found you . You wanted to see me very badly- - That you 'd been looking for me for a long time . Is that true ? I 'm so sorry , Fox . And I wish that I 'd known how to find you . What you 've been told- - I want you to listen to me , okay ? What you 've been told by that man ... May not be true . Why do you say that ? Because the man that brought you here ... Has known where I 've been for a very long time . I don 't understand . Why wouldn 't he tell me ? I don 't know . But I think he 's kept a lot of things from you . I don 't believe you . He 's been a good father to me . He 's given me a life , and he cared for me when there was no one else . Then I want you to come with me- - Come with me to see mom . - Mom is alive ? - Yes . And I know she 'd like to see you very , very much . - I can 't . - Why not ? This is too much . I didn 't wanna come here at all , Fox . I was afraid to see you . I have another life now . I have children of my own . Don 't- - No . No , please don 't go . I can 't stay here now . Tell me how I can find you . I need some time . Just-Just tell me where I can find you . Please don 't , Fox ! We will do this on your time . Just- - Then please- - Please let me go . I promise you I 'll think about it . [ Doctor ] you doing okay ? [ Scully ] mmm . Either it 's my head or I 'm a long way from med school , But I can 't remember what you 're injecting me with . Fluro-Deoxyglucose . Deoxyglucose . If you 're making any progress , I 'm hoping it might show up first in a pet scan . You 're not holding your breath , are you ? I 'm going after your cancer as aggressively as I know how , Dana . If I can jump-Start your immune system , If I can get your cytolytic cells to recognize your tumor ... As something to attack , then there 's a chance . Have you ever witnessed a miracle , dr . Zuckerman ? I don 't know that I have . But I have seen people make recoveries- - Come back from so far gone , I can 't explain it . Isn 't that a miracle ? Maybe they are miracles , But I don 't dare call them that . Thank you . My apologies for the ... Rather hasty departure last night . What do you want from me ? Want from you ? You give me these things , the only things I ever wanted , And I can 't think of any reason for you to do so . Well , that 's true . No act is completely selfless . But I 've come today not to- - Not to ask but to offer . Offer you the truth that you 've so desperately sought- - About the project , about the men who 've conspired to protect it . I know the truth . Do you ? I spoke to one of your men . And you know he 's not a liar ? I 've seen enough to know he 's not a liar , yeah . You 've seen but scant pieces of the whole . What more can you show me ? This man you spoke to , Michael Kritschgau , He 's deceived you with beautiful lies . He 's told you that everything you 've ever believed ... About the existence of extraterrestrial life is untrue . What are you saying ? As I said , I 'm offering you a chance to know the truth . In exchange for what ? Quit the F.B.I. Come work for me . You can make your problems go away . No deal . After all I 've given you ? What have- - What have you given me ? The claim of a cure for Scully ? Is she cured ? You show me my sister only to take her right back ? You 've given me nothing . I intend to keep my promises . I just need something from you . You murdered my father . You killed Scully 's sister . And if Scully dies , I will kill you . I don 't care whose father you are . I will put you down . Well , you 're certainly capable , so I 've been told . I understand you have a hearing tomorrow , Where you 'll have to testify to these murderous impulses of yours . When you reconsider , the offer still stands . [ Mrs. Scully ] Dana ? Dr. Zuckerman called . He , uh- - He said that you wanted to see me . What is it ? [ Sobbing ] I 'm so sorry . I fight and I fight ... And I fight , But I 've been so stupid . What ? What is it ? I 've come so far in my life on simple faith . And now when I need it the most , I just push it away . I mean , why- - Why do I wear this ? Why do I wear this , mom ? I put something that I don 't even know ... Or understand under the skin of my neck . I will subject myself to these crazy treatments , And I keep telling myself that I 'm doing everything I can , but it 's a lie . You have not lost your faith , Dana . But I have ... in a way . When you asked- - When you asked father McCue to dinner ... To minister to my faith , I just closed off to him . What 's important now ... Is that you save your energy . I 'm not getting better , mom . You don 't know that yet . The pet scan showed no improvement . I know you 're afraid . I know you 're afraid to tell me , But you have to tell someone . I 'll make a statement right here . Cloning will continue . The human mind will continue to inquire into this . Human cloning will take place , and it 'll take place in my lifetime . I think it 's right and proper that we continue this kind of inquiry . I think it holds untold benefits for human kind . Turn on your television . Are you watching the hearings ? Do you see who 's there ? He 's gathering information for who ? Our colleague was supposed to have fixed the F.B.I. Problem . You will fix it now . Do you understand me ? Then I will fix it for good . [ Blevins ] agent Mulder , will you please take a seat ? Something urgently important has come to the fore . As you 're set to testify on your own behalf later today , I 've received alarming forensic evidence ... From the man 's body found in your apartment . I have here in my hand ballistic data ... Matching your service weapon , agent Mulder . Where did you get that ? I 'm not at liberty to say . But unless you can offer up someone else who might have fired the kill shot , Everything points to you as this man 's murderer . Are you prepared to give testimony ... You 're not the man who fired the shot ? Why am I here ? The man worked for the department of defense , agent Mulder . The man was spying on me . Do you know for whom ? Agent Scully ... Was prepared to name the man at the F.B.I ... Who was involved in this plot against you and her . We believe she was going to name assistant director skinner , Whom we have learned has been working inside the F.B.I. With a secret agenda . I refuse to believe that . We 've accumulated substantial evidence against him . Can you show it to me ? Agent Mulder , If you name this man today in your testimony , We can file charges against him , Charges which may very well exonerate you . Name skinner and save myself . That 's what I called you here to recommend . As a friend . I 'll see you at the hearing . Good morning . What are you doing here ? You have a hearing . Yeah . I came by last night , but I didn 't have the heart to wake you . Came by for what ? Mulder , what is it ? I was lost last night . But as I stood here , I thought I 'd found my way . I 've been , uh- - I 've been offered a deal , a deal that could save my life in a way . And though I 'd refused the deal earlier , I left here last night with my mind made up to take it . A deal with who ? It doesn 't matter . I 'm not taking the deal . I 'm not taking any deal , Not after what happened this morning . What happened this morning ? Section chief Blevins directed me to implicate skinner- - To name him as the man inside in the F.B.I ... Who may have deceived us both . And if I name him , they 'll protect me . Are you going to name him ? No . Then they 'll prosecute you . Yeah , if they have evidence against me , they know I killed that man . Even with the ballistics evidence , I can still be the shooter . Scully , I can 't let you take the blame ... Because of your brother , Because of your mother , And because I couldn 't live with it . To live the lie you have to believe it , Like these men who deceive us ... Who gave you this disease . We all have our faith , And mine is in the truth . Then why did you come here ... If you 'd already made up your mind ? Because I knew you 'd ... Talk me out of it if I was making a mistake . [ Door opens ] You 'll be in my prayers . Have the father say a few " hail Mulders " for me , okay ? If he 's a no-Show , I 'm gonna ask for a bench warrant . [ Door opens ] I 'm sorry I 'm late . [ Blevins ] agent Mulder , The assembled members of this review panel ... First convened to address your reported death , Only to find shortly that this report had been a lie- - That you were indeed very much alive ... And that the body found in your apartment , believed to be yours , Was a murder victim killed with a weapon ... Issued by the F.B.I. And registered to you . Respectfully , sir , I 've come here today to set the record straight ... So that this process you 've begun can be completed , And the guilty parties can be named . Respectfully , sir , I 'd like to ask for a short break . I 'm ... ready to proceed , please , sir . Go on , agent Mulder . Four years ago , while working on an assignment outside the F.B.I. Mainstream , I was paired with special agent Dana Scully , Who I believed was sent to spy on me- - To debunk my investigations into the paranormal . That agent Scully did not follow these orders ... Is a testament to her integrity as an investigator , A scientist and a human being . She has paid dearly for this integrity . [ Blevins ] agent Mulder , Agent Scully lied straight-Faced to this panel about your death . She lied because I asked her to . Because I had evidence of a conspiracy- - A conspiracy against the American people . We 've already heard testimony to these allegations , agent Mulder . And a conspiracy intended to destroy the lives ... Of those who would reveal its true purpose ; To conduct experiments on unwitting victims ... To further a secret agenda for someone within the government operating at levels ... Without restraint or responsibility , Without morals or conscious . Men who pretend to honor as they deceive . The price of this betrayal- - The lives and reputations of those deceived . Agent Scully ... Is lying in a hospital bed right now diagnosed with terminal cancer . The victim of these same tests , Conducted without her knowledge or consent ... By these same men who , as they try to cover their tracks , Who suborn and persecute the same people they 've used in their plot , I will now call by name . [ Man ] agent Mulder , Did you or did you not shoot the man found dead in your apartment ? - I will answer that question . - Did you shoot Scott Ostelhoff , Employee of the department of defense ? - I will answer that question . - [ Man ] answer the question asked , agent Mulder ! I will answer the question after I name the man ! [ Blevins ] agent Mulder- - [ Mulder ] I will answer that question ... After I name the man who is responsible for agent Scully . The same man who directed that my apartment be surveilled by the D.O.D. A man I want to see prosecuted for his crimes , Who is sitting in this very room as I speak . Agent Mulder , the section chief has asked you a question ! You are going to answer ! - I can 't do that , sir . - You can and you will ! I can 't do that , sir , because the section chief is the man I 'm about to name ! [ Indistinct ] [ door opens ] [ Groans ] The smoking man 's dead . How ? Shot through his window . Forensics found it at the scene . We 're assuming it 's his blood . Assuming ? Well , no body was found , Though there was too much blood lost for anyone to have survived . This afternoon when you named Blevins , How did you know ? I didn 't . I just guessed . Well , it was a hell of a guess . Blevins had been on payroll for four years ... To a biotechnology company called roush , Which is somehow connected to all this . Well , I 'm sure whatever connections there were , they 're being erased right now . They 're cleaning up , taking everything away . Not everything . Scully 's cancer 's gone into remission . That 's unbelievable news . It 's the best news I could have ever heard . What turned it around ? I don 't know . I don 't think we 'll ever know . - Can I see her ? - Yeah . She 's in there with her family right now . But I 'm sure she 'd love to see you .
