 It 's important that you realize sonograms are by no means an exact science . I don 't want to alarm you or have you jump to conclusions because honestly , it 's not something that we 're perfectly able to explain . But I-I don 't see anything . As I said , we may be premature in a diagnosis . It may simply be ... An intermediate stage of growth . But there 's a problem . We see a development an abnormal bony formation involving the upper vertebrae and something growing here on the plates of the skull . Wayne ... Sweetness ? It might be nothing . I 'm serious . Dr. Couvillion really just wants to wait and see . I just ... want it to be normal . Oh , Wayne ... Let 's go home , okay ? Come on . Thank you . I love you , Laura ... No matter what . You know that ? Poopydoo ? I know . Good night , Wayne . Good night , Laura . Sweet dreams . Wayne ! Wayne ! Wayne ! Please , what are you doing ? ! No ... Stop it ! Wayne ! Where are you ? ! Stop him ! Please , don 't take my baby ! Please , don 't take my baby ! Wayne ! Wayne ! Laura ? - My baby ! - Laura , it 's okay . Laurie , you 're having a dream . - Oh , it was terrible . - It 's okay . Shh . It was ... Trying to steal our baby . It 's not the kind of case where I quite know where to turn , you understand . Down in Hollins we do get our share of the oddball . On the whole , though , we 're pretty much like any other little town . You got your home break-ins , your smash and grabs ... nothing too wild . But given the victim 's statement , the unusually vivid detail ... Well , I just had to take Laura 's word about her baby being abducted . I hear you specialize in these kind of cases . You 've come to the right place , Deputy , uh ... Stevens . Now this woman making these claims she 's your sister ? Yes , sir . Laura Weinsider . I 've heard about the things people been saying about her , not to my face , of course , but ... Real mean and awful things about what Laura 's part is in all this . Now it says here , a doctor 's report the day before revealed to her ah abnormalities in the ultrasound . Yes , sir , that is true , but nothing conclusive , mind you . I see . Okay , Deputy . We 're going to put this right into our priority caseload . I really want to thank you . I know Laura 's really itching to talk to somebody who will really listen to her . I know this went right into your caseload but I never imagined you would get here so soon , Agent , uh ... Oh , Mulder . Fox Mulder . Though I ask you not to make that known to anybody . The FBI likes to keep our work on these cases very hush-hush . Sure , of course but I would like to thank Agent Spender . Oh . No , no , no . I 'll thank him for you because I have to call in my , uh , progress report . - I hope you have something to call in . - Oh , me , too . All right . I kept calling it a nightmare ... But how many people 's nightmare 's come true ? Not many . Certainly not in the way yours did , Mrs. Weinsider . When I was having it ... it just seemed so real . You mentioned a fire in the room , in your account and a , uh a devil that held your legs ... - So that he could take the baby . - But according to your statement your baby ... - ... was not a normal baby . - No . It was some kind of monster . With , um ... horns and a tail . Can you excuse me ? My wife appears so resilient , but I know she 's suffered ever since the doctor told us about the complications . Um ... You were right there in bed with your wife the whole time , Mr. Weinsider ? Wayne . Yes . I woke her up . But according to ... your wife 's statement , at one point she she reached over for you in the bed and you weren 't there . - Well , it was a dream . - Yeah . Mind if I use your phone ... Wayne ? Sure , of course . Remember your truthfulness is important , Mr. Ginsberg and as a prospective federal employee , I will remind you to answer as honestly as possible . - Okay ? - Sure . Fire away . - " Do you , or have you ever smoked marijuana ? " - Nope . No , siree . " Have you consorted with people who have now or in the past ? " No ... I really don 't think so . - Scully . - Hey , Scully , it 's me . Mulder , where are you ? I waited 45 minutes for you this morning . I , uh ... Before I tell you I-I 'm going to ask you to keep an open mind . - This isn 't an X-File ? - Call it what you like . Here in Roanoke they 're calling it a demon baby snatching . - You 're in Virginia ? - Look , I want you to look at this woman 's charts . Strange in utero deformities were detected . I 'm going to courier them to you , all right ? Mulder , we are supposed to be doing background checks not chasing X-Files . Scully , Spender just round filed this case , it 's unconscionable . - And what do you call rooting through his trash ? - Like that 's any different from the assignment we 're stuck with . " We , " Mulder ? I 'm stuck with it . You 're not here . Scully , this is a classic case of demon fetal harvest . What they called in the middle ages atum nocturnem , the impregnation of an unwitting woman by a dark lord of the underworld ... - As host for his demon seed . - Exactly . - I saw Rosemary 's Baby on cable the other night , Mulder . - Yeah , but this is the real deal . You check that woman 's charts , you 'll get hard evidence . Check her prenatal ultrasound . - Mulder ... - Just humor me , Scully . Take a look at those medical records . I think they 'll prove my theory . Wayne , have you seen my nightgown ? I can 't find ... Wayne ? Wayne ? Wayne ! Wayne ? Laura ? What are you doing ? - What are you doing ? - Burning leaves . As this time of night ? Well , you asked me to rake up the yard . It was in the job jar . Hey , come on . You 're making me feel weird . Come to bed , Wayne . Please . I will , honey . I just wanted ... I just wanted everything to look perfect when you woke up . I 'll be right in . Mulder . Mulder , I think I found what you 're looking for . I 've been up all night going over the medical charts on the Weinsider baby . What 'd you find ? The prenatal birth defects that you spoke of ? They 're all here , but they 're subtle . - Describe them to me . - Well , they look to be discrete bony deformities . There are spurs on the superior aspect of the scapula and small protuberances on the skull adjacent to the coronal suture . " Protuberances ? " You mean , like horns ? Well , they could be recessive characteristics expressed as vestiges of primitive morphology or a developmental anomaly like craniosynostosis . Do you think this is something that could be passed along by the father ? No , I wouldn 't look to the father as any kind of dark force here , Mulder . I think it 's the mother and Virginia law on third-trimester abortions requires you to put her under arrest . - What are you talking about ? - Labor was induced , Mulder . In the mother 's blood , there was found a significant trace of an herb called mandrake . It 's a poison that 's been known to facilitate self-abortion . - " Mandrake ? " - It 's also been known to be used as an hallucinogenic . You think Mrs. Weinsider self-prescribed ? Well , I called the doctor on a hunch and he said that the father was very upset about the news while the mother was quite the opposite . Look , Mulder , I 'm going to fax this information to you so that you can present it to the commonwealth attorney for the county of Roanoke but I think we have your baby snatcher here . - Mulder ? - Yeah ? What ? Yes ? I suggest that you proceed very carefully . This could be very emotional for everybody concerned . All right , thank you . - What are you doing ? - Sorry . I forgot my key . - Well , where have you been ? - I told you I was going to be on the road until Tuesday ... Poopydoo . I was just so worried , Wayne . We 're getting so close now . Honey ... I wouldn 't let anything happen not to our little bundle of joy . I 'll tell you who 's been taking hallucinogenics . She didn 't take poison . My sister had never even heard of ... whatever it is . - Mandrake . - " Mandrake . " Where would she even get such a thing ? - All I took were some herbal sleep aids . - You don 't need to say anything , Laura . Hey , why don 't you just let your sister talk ? It might clear things up . - Not without a lawyer . - She 's not under arrest . You 're damned right she 's not and I didn 't call you down here to tell me rumors that I 've already heard . My sister 's no baby killer ! - What 's going on ? - They 're accusing me of taking the life of our baby . - Who 's accusing you ? - Who do you think ? I don 't know where you been , Wayne , but I 'm the only one keeping the dogs from the door . - Well , a man 's got to make a living . - Wayne ... Mr. Weinsider-I-I don 't want to arrest Laura . I 'm sure you 'd hate like the devil for that to happen as well . - I should say so . - So why don 't you tell Deputy Stevens that it 's okay to search the premises so we can clear up any misunderstanding ... - ... about who 's responsible for what happened here ? - Of course . Laura , could you come here ? Whatever else we find I know everybody in this house is regular . I know there 's nothing they 're going to find but why do I feel guilty anyway ? Laura , there 's something I need to tell you about that ... Something that I 've kept secret for reasons that I think will explain for themselves . What ? What are you talking about ? Well , I don 't exactly know how to say this . I 'm sure that you might find it painful , as I do . Wayne , what ? On the night the night that you lost the baby I had gotten up because I couldn 't sleep and when I came back to bed , you were ... You had ... our little baby in your hands . You were in some kind of trance . I couldn 't get you to wake up . You keep chanting over and over " zazas , zazas , nastanada zazas and ... " Wayne ... All I could do was take our little boy , our little baby and wrap him up so I could make sure that no one could ever learn the truth . - Oh , my God . - And the other night when you saw me outside ... - ... when I was burning the leaves ? - No ! No . Laura , I was just doing it to protect you . I knew that I could never bring back our little boy , our precious little Wayne Junior , but I couldn 't bear losing you . Hey ! Take a look at this ! I don 't know what to tell you . All I can think ... When they told me that something was wrong ... that there was a problem , was that this thing that was growing inside me was evil . I kept thinking that maybe it was something I did wrong and that this was my punishment . I told Wayne that everything was going to be okay ... But I lied , but you have to believe me , Arky ! I didn 't mean to kill it . I didn 't know what I was doing . It was the herbal medication . - That 's all I can think . - Laura , Laura ... I don 't think you should say any more . I 'm going to have to read you your rights . We 're going to have to go down to the station and do all that . I 'm sorry . You 're going to be okay . I 'm going to get the best attorney . I know what you are . I 'm only happy when it rains .. I 'm only happy when it 's complicated .. And though I know you can 't appreciate it .. - I 'm only happy when it rains ... - Hello ? - Hi , Betsy , it 's me . - Wayne , where are you ? - I 'm on my way . - You 're late , Wayne . I 'm going without you . I want to be there , honey . I don 't want to be the kind of husband who isn 't there every step of the way . You 've already missed a lot of steps . Anyway , it 's just a sonogram . No , it 's not just a sonogram , honey , it 's a picture of the expression of our beautiful love . - Wayne , what have you been smoking ? - I 'm three blocks away , Betsy . I 'm going to be pulling up in front of the house in less than five minutes . - Okay . I 'll wait for you . - Okay . Five minutes . - Hey , Wayne . Where you going ? - What ? - Who you talking to ? - Wayne , who are you talking to ? - You seem like you 're in an awful big hurry . - Wayne . - I 'm late for an appointment . - Really ? An appointment ? - Appointment with who ? - A business client . - Wayne , I 'm hanging up now . - Right , you 're in the insurance business . That must take you out on the road an awful lot , huh ? Look , I 'm an insurance medical technician , not that it 's any of your business . So where is our appointment ? How far do we have to go ? - What ? - Come on , Wayne , I 'll race you . I only smile in the dark ... Oh , hi , Ms. Britton . Wayne Weinsider . Remember me ? Harmony Mutual Insurance ? You had an appointment to have some blood taken . It 's for next Tuesday . I know that , Kim . Can I call you Kim ? I was in the neighborhood and well , insurance isn 't something you want to be without , even for just a week . - What do you do with that ? - Oh , they check it out , make sure you 're not a policy risk . Slow down , monsters . - Those your kids ? - Why , yes . I love kids . Got a baby on the way myself . Seems like I 've been trying forever . Those are fine-looking boys . You don 't know how lucky you are . Two cells , with all that can go wrong , and there they are ... perfect . - You okay ? You 're not feeling faint , are you ? - No . I 'm okay . Can I use your phone ? I want those kids out of my car . Okay , speed racers . That 's enough driver 's education for today . Having your fun ? - Yeah . - Mulder , you 're busted . - What ? - I just got an earful from Assistant Director Kersh who got a call from Mr. Weinsider who says that you 're harassing him . Leave me alone . Mulder ... Mulder , I have to tell him something . What do you want me to say ? Tell him I 'm down here doing a background check on somebody . I got a message you needed to see me , Laura . What is it ? I 'm afraid . Well , I 've been meeting with attorneys and given the circumstances and your emotional state they feel confident of an acquittal ... - ... if that 's what you 're worried about , Laura . - No , Wayne . I 've been thinking . Thinking . About what ? About your story . About how it doesn 't make sense . You said you ... Wrapped the baby up to hide it but what they found in the fire was wrapped in the nightgown I had on when I woke up from my nightmare . But that 's not possible , Laura . You must be mistaken . And I keep thinking about ... The face of that terrible creature at the end of the bed . And I remember something that I didn 't tell anybody . Not even you . Laura , you 're scaring me . No matter what you believe I only have one desire : to protect you . To put this all behind us . Why 'd you go and do that , Laura ? You 've got to know that I love you . And I just wish ... you could 've been the one . Let me go , Wayne . - What 's her rhythm ? - She 's still in v-fib . Charge the paddles to 200 . - What happened ? - I 'll start an IV . - She just collapsed . - Clear . Paddles are charged . Stand by to defib . - It was like ... - Clear . - It was like she died right in my arms . - Charging to 300 . Going again . Clear . - We got a heartbeat . - What ? Laura , can you hear me ? Laura , can you hear me ? I need to get this woman to the hospital right away . I need a neurologist consult down at the ER hang an IV of lidocaine , and et 's get her out of here . - That was a long five minutes . - I can explain . Oh , please , Wayne . I 've heard all your excuses . Besides , everything went fine without you . It always does . - Did you get the sonogram ? - Yes . Bring it back home ? Is there a problem ? The doctor found something . She doesn 't know yet but there 's some kind of bony growths on the baby 's spine and skull . It may just be a stage of development . She really just wants to wait and see . Okay . Sure . Whatever happens , you know I love you . - No matter what . - Do you , Wayne ? 'Cause sometimes I wonder what 's going on inside your head . Nothing but good thoughts . You and this baby are my hopes and dreams . Mine , too . Why don 't I get you a warm glass of milk and we 'll go to bed . Okay . Mulder , you asked me to come down here and then you 're nowhere to be found . I was down in the basement at county records doing a background check . Mulder ... It 's me . That 's your cover story , remember ? That 's where I was . I was piecing together the history of the man that did this to her . Mulder , that 's why I was looking for you because , in fact , nobody did anything to her . Mulder , there is absolutely no evidence of bodily injury of overdose , of suffocation , of anything that would explain why she was in a coma . Perfect . No , Mulder , I don 't think you heard what I said . I did a complete medical review , just as you asked . What I 'm saying is that there is not a shred of evidence to implicate the husband or anyone . Not a shred of evidence is exactly the evidence I 'd hoped you 'd find . Check this out . Ivan Veles , born Czechoslovakia in 1956 . Married twice , widowed twice , no children . Prosecuted twice for murder of wives Gisele and Helga . Acquitted twice on lack of evidence . Who is Ivan Veles ? Wayne Weinsider . He 's a Czech national , emigrated in 1994 . He 's also known as Bud Hasselhoff , also known as Gordy Boitano . - Gordy Boitano . - There 's more . Read on . In Slavic societies the name Veles was synonymous with ... the Devil . From the Lithuanian root " Vele " , a horned demon who sucks the souls of the innocent . Mulder , you 're not suggesting that he is himself ... a devil , are you ? I 'm not suggesting anything . I think the facts speak for themselves . Mulder , I will accept that a man can be demonic that he may have demon-like attributes but why would a demon , if there were such a thing , bother with a 9 : 00-to-5 : 00 " Make Room For Daddy " - routine just so he can off his wife and unborn child ? I don 't know why ; I 'm not a psychologist but this is the best explanation for how that I 've heard . This will put you to sleep on a cloud . Where troubles melt away . Sometimes I remember why I married you . - All the way down ? - Yeah . They 're checking it out now . It 's pretty hard . Get me the pick . We got technology out here . Subterranean mapping equipment out from Richmond P.D. Still can 't find a damn thing . Over here ! Daniel , bring that light over here . You 're going to find discrete osteopathic deformities to the upper vertebrae , two bony protrusions between the parietal and occipital lobes of the skull . Good Lord . Put out an APB for your brother-in-law . He 's not going to come back here . - What are you talking ... ? - Just find him . - Mulder , what are you talking about ? - He 's done this to other women here , Scully , just like in Czechoslovakia . My guess is that baby we just dug up belonged to one of Wayne 's other wives . What are you saying , that he 's trying to propagate ? He 's trying to breed ? He 's exercising his biological imperative and he 'll do anything or say anything he has to succeed . But it doesn 't make sense , Mulder . If he 's trying to breed then why would he be snatching his own babies and burying them in his backyard ? Because they 're demons and he wants a normal child . No ! No ! Wayne ! Wayne ! What are you doing ? ! Maybe you didn 't hear me ! I said , what are you doing , Wayne ? 15527 Leahy . That 's in Cave Spring . It 's West Roanoke . Cave Spring . Thank you . Thank you very much for your help . Scully , hold on . Mulder , where are we going ? Harmony Mutual Insurance has a second address for Wayne Weinsider . All the way across the other side of Roanoke County . - Do you think he 's got a second wife ? - Well , think about it , Scully . He meets or screens prospective women through work . That 's probably why he came to this country in the first place , bigger gene pool more women , and then he plants as many seeds as he can . Let 's just hope he hasn 't been able to harvest many more of them . Mulder . Please . Please . He took my baby ! He took my baby ! - It 's okay , ma 'am . - Wayne . Wayne . He took my baby . Wayne ! It 's over . A normal life . A family . That 's all I ever wanted . Where 's the baby , Wayne ? How could she do this to them ? Put the shovel down . Your lies won 't work anymore . My lies ? What about her lies ? Whatever the truth , Mr. Weinsider , you can 't hope to bury it now . I 'm not burying anything . I 'm digging it up . Where 's the baby ? Don 't you understand ? She took it . Betsy took it ! You can 't blame anyone else like you did with Laura . Don 't you see ? Betsy isn 't like Laura . Betsy is ... Get the paramedics ! I just wanted what everyone wants . Hey ! Don 't even think about it ! You put that guy someplace else ! - I don 't want him in sight of my sister . - Sir , he just got out of surgery . - Give me this . - Hey , cut it out ! Come on . You 're in enough trouble as it is . You don 't want to complicate your situation further by endangering his life again , do you ? That son of a bitch better live so I can beat the truth out of him . Find out why he did it ... and how the hell he did it . I think the why is directly related to the how . What do you mean ? What do you mean by that ? We should just go talk to this other wife of his . This woman Betsy . Come on . Wait a minute . - Mrs. Weinsider ? - Flat line . - I can 't believe it . - Page Dr. Nyland up here . Just breathe deep , Mrs. Weinsider . Can you breathe for me ? Going to get a couple of more shots over here . How many ? Four total . All here for some time . Maybe years . All normal , though , Mulder . No osteological deformities . And Betsy 's baby isn 't here . There are no fresh graves . I know . What do you think he did with it ? - I don 't think he did anything with it . - But she was recently pregnant . I mean , ... I-I saw her records . There are sonograms in the house . Showing the same defects . These weren 't Wayne 's babies , Scully . Well , whose babies were they ? I think Wayne realized something last night . That 's why he was out here digging . He realized that he 'd met someone even more evil than he was ... Who would sacrifice what he desperately wanted for himself . Betsy ? It was no coincidence that she ran into us last night . We were taken in by her just like Wayne was by a woman who would say anything or do anything to get what she wanted , who was even more driven than he was . - Driven to what ? - To have what only Wayne could give her . I 'm only happy when it rains You know I love it when the news is bad Why I feel so good to feel so sad I 'm only happy when it rains Pour your misery down Pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down Pour your misery down on me ...
