 Blood everywhere . Whoever killed her is a psycho . - Murder weapon ? - Seven stores in town carry strop razors . - Have somebody check ' em out . - What about the press ? Just the basics . No mention of this " sister " thing . OK . Rubin , I need your final report . Call me as soon as you hear . - That 's all I can tell you . - Can you give us a name ? Yeah , I 'll talk to you . We 're doing the best we can . We 'll inform you ... Brian , I need a minute . I 'm working on a homicide investigation . Come on . You didn 't show last night . This what you wanna talk about ? I made dinner . What ? Sorry . Coroner 's on one . Yeah , what have you got , Rubin ? Uh-huh . Uh ... Hang on a second , will you , Rubin ? - This address , ten o 'clock tonight . - Where 's this ? - A motel ? - It 's a place we can talk . X-Files Season 2 Episode 12 - Aubrey Any cavities ? I brush after every meal . Would you say they match ? Well , there 's a filling on the occlusal surface of the upper left bicuspid , here and here . And he 's congenitally missing a lower left bicuspid , here and here . Yeah , I 'd say they 're definitely a match . - Who do they belong to ? - Special Agent Sam Chaney . - That name sounds familiar . - Chaney 's a legend . 40 years before the Bureau profiled violent criminals Chaney and his partner , Tim Ledbetter , investigated what were then called " stranger killings " , now called " serial murders " . They disappeared while investigating murders in Aubrey , Missouri , in 1942 . Chaney 's body was only found two days ago by a local detective , BJ Morrow , a woman . Why the interest in this case ? At the time , Chaney 's and Ledbetter 's ideas weren 't very well received by their peers . Using psychology to solve a crime was something like , um ... - Believing in the paranormal ? - Exactly . But there 's another mystery . Which is ? Why would this policewoman suddenly drive her car into a field the size of Rhode Island and , for no reason , dig up the bones of a man who 's been missing for 50 years ? - Unless a neon sign said " Dig here " ! - I guess that 's why we 're going to Aubrey . Yes . And also , I 've always been intrigued by women named BJ . Detective Morrow , exactly how did you discover the remains ? I saw a dog digging in the ground . I proceeded to investigate and found the grave site . The initial police report states that you couldn 't explain your actions at the time . It was late . I was a bit shocked by my discovery . I 'm afraid I didn 't clearly articulate what happened for my initial report . Why were you in the woods at that hour ? My vehicle was experiencing engine failure . You left your car ... Over there , sir . Would you say that 's , uh ... 400 or 500 yards ? Yes , sir . So from that distance you could see a dog digging in this field at night ? She took a short cut through the woods to reach a phone . The path led her to the field . The report says she phoned from the Motel Black up the road . That 's not a very short cut . You seem more interested in how the missing agent was found than in how he got here in the first place . - You don 't , uh ... suspect her , do you ? - No , no . Not at all . - I 'd just like to ask you a few more questions . - All right . Have you ever , um ... Have you ever had any clairvoyant experiences ? Premonitions , visions , precognitive dreams , things like that ? What the hell kind of question is that ? - Dreams ? - Yeah . Agent Mulder , I don 't mean to be rude , but we have a lot to do . If you have any more questions specific to your investigation of this crime please feel free to call . Come on , BJ . What do you think ? These bones are in good condition . The field may have been tilled soon after Chaney was buried . There are small cuts on the top three ribs . I don 't think they were made by an animal . Listen to this . " One must wonder how these monsters are created . " Chaney wrote this . " Did their home life mould them into creatures that must maim and kill ? " " Or are they demons from birth ? " That 's poetic , but it doesn 't help us much . What did he say about the 1942 homicides ? The press called the murderer " the Slash Killer " . His three victims were all young women aged 25 to 30 . He disabled them with a blow to the head . He 'd carve the word " sister " on their chests and paint it on the wall with their blood . The victims bled to death and the murderer was never found . Mulder these cuts on the ribs could 've been made by a razor . - Can you make out a word ? - No . But we might be able to if we can find somebody in Aubrey with a digital scanner . I 've scanned the crime photo and ribcage images and modemed them to Quantico . It 'll be a few seconds before hook-up . I checked with the mechanic . BJ 's car was just tuned . She lied about experiencing engine failure . I don 't think BJ was in the woods because of engine failure . What are you talking about ? The Motel Black is a perfect meeting place . - Away from town , away from his wife . - What do you mean ? It 's obvious BJ and Tillman are having an affair . How do you know ? - A woman senses these things . - Oh ... The image on the right is Chaney 's ribcage . The left one was extrapolated from the crime photo of the Slash Killer 's last victim . Now I need to enlarge the victim 's ribcage in order to allow for gender difference . And now ... we can compare them . Could he have carved out another word on his ribcage ? I 'm searching for any matching pattern of cuts . Agent Mulder ? Have you made any progress in the investigation ? Uh , we may have . Agent Chaney might have been a victim of the killer he was trying to catch . We 're trying to determine if the cuts on his ribcage spell out a word . Are you all right ? I 'm sorry . Something ... I 'm not feel ... Excuse me . Feeling better ? I 'm fine now . Things must be difficult for you now . I 've had feelings for people I 've worked with . Interoffice relationships can be complicated . Especially when he 's married . You 're pregnant , aren 't you ? Does it show ? No , not yet . Now I know why my mother only had one child . She told me about the nausea , but not about the nightmares . Nightmares ? It 's always the same . I 'm in a house . It feels familiar . There 's a woman that 's been hurt . There 's a mirror . I see a man 's reflection . I recognise his face , but I don 't know him . What I remember most is the blood . There 's a lot of blood . Have you talked to anyone about this ? I 'm sure it 's something about the pregnancy . If anyone else knew I was pregnant ... Brian would kill me if I told anyone . What are you going to do ? I don 't know . Well , BJ 's pregnant . And Tillman 's the father . Um , I 've approximated the pattern of the cuts to match up with the letters . There 's a 93 % chance that this is the letter R. And if you lower the probability to 79 % you get the letters I , E and R. It could be a word , or it could just be random slashes . If we exhumed a victim of the Slash Killer , we could do a CT scan to determine if the cuts were made by the same instrument . That means getting a court order . That could take two days . - Maybe we could find a relative who could ... - Brother . Excuse me ? I know what it says . On the ribcage , it spells " brother " . You 're right . BJ ? Brian . What 's goin ' on here , BJ ? - Nothing . - Really ? Then where 'd you get these ? These are crime-scene photos . They were sealed . No one had access to ' em . You 're wrong . Those were shot in 1942 . These are from a homicide that occurred three days ago . No , they 're from a case that Ledbetter and Chaney investigated in 1942 before they disappeared . Three days ago , a young woman was murdered . The word " sister " was carved into her chest and painted on the wall . Only myself , the coroner and one of my men knew about this . Excuse me , sir . We just got a call . There 's been another one . Watch your step , sir . The victim 's name is Verna Johnson . Oh , my God . - BJ ? - It 's her . It 's the woman in my dream . Ow ! Oh , you 'll be all right . Honey , you 're fine . The mothering instinct . I 've been feeling it a lot lately . I used to hate it when my mother hovered over me . I swore I 'd never be like her . I think we all feel that way at one time or another . My father was a cop . A good cop . That 's all I ever wanted to be . He 'd say what we 're doing here is nonsense . That you can 't solve a crime from a dream . I 've often felt that dreams are answers to questions we haven 't figured out how to ask . You said you were in a familiar house ? There 's a woman that 's been hurt . I look in a mirror and I see a man 's reflection . What does he look like ? He 's ... got a rash on his face . And his eyes are intense . Do you remember anything else ? There 's this strange picture on the wall behind him . It 's a building like the ... Washington Monument , but different . And there 's a a big circular thing beside it . - Do you think you could draw it ? - Sure . It looked something like this . What do you think it is ? Could be the Trylon and the Perisphere . Ever been to New York City ? No , never . You can get pictures of these on postcards all over Times Square . These were symbols of the 1939 World 's Fair . Do you know why they might have been in your dream ? No idea at all . Good night . You 're here kind of late . - What are you looking for ? - I just wanted to check on somethin ' . I don 't get it . That book 's from the 1940s . Can we talk ? You know , I 'm willing to go with you for the appointment . I 'm not so sure it 's what I wanna do . I thought we agreed that it was the best thing for both of us . - I changed my mind . - What do you mean , you changed ... You can 't just change your mind . This isn 't your decision . It 's our decision . BJ ? It 's him . Brian ... I have to go . This is the man BJ claims to have seen in her dream . Harry Cokely . He lives in Gainesville , Nebraska since his release from McCallister Penitentiary on December 5 , 1993 . He was convicted in 1945 for rape and attempted murder . Cokely carved " sister " on the chest of his victim , Linda Thibedeaux before she could escape and get help . And the police never connected it to the 1942 homicides ? No . I don 't wanna jump to any rash conclusions , but I 'd say he 's definitely our prime suspect . Mulder , the man we 're talking about is 77 years old . George Foreman won the heavyweight crown at 45 . Some people are late bloomers . Anyway , this still doesn 't explain BJ 's connection to all this . What if it 's cryptomnesia ? - Consciously forgotten information ? - Yeah . BJ 's father was a policeman in the area . Maybe she heard him discuss the 1942 case when she was young or saw Cokely 's picture . That doesn 't explain why she unearthed the grave of an FBI agent . What if the recent murders triggered what had been buried in her mind ? Some connection she 'd unconsciously made that no one else had . - A hunch ? - Something like that . - That 's a pretty extreme hunch . - You 've had some pretty extreme hunches . I never have . Harry Cokely ? - Yeah . - I 'm Special Agent Mulder . This is Special Agent Scully . We 're with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . May we come in ? Mr Cokely , our records show that in 1942 you lived in Terrance , Nebraska an hour 's drive away from Aubrey , Missouri . During that time , three women were murdered in Aubrey . Their assailant mutilated their bodies with a razor in the same manner that you slashed Mrs Linda Thibedeaux 's body in 1945 . I don 't remember much about that . Well , I 'm sure Mrs Thibedeaux will never forget it . The doctors said I was sick back then . They gave me some pills . I served my time and ... now I 'm better . What kind of pills ? Red and white ones , little sister . Do you recognise this man ? His name 's Chaney . No . He was an FBI agent who was also murdered in Aubrey in 1942 . Can you tell me where you were about 8.35pm two nights ago , Mr Cokely ? - Sittin ' right where I am now . - Do you have a witness to testify to that ? Are you blind ? I can 't leave the house without this damn thing . I sit right here in front of that TV 24 hours a day . On the night you 're talkin ' about , I was sittin ' here watchin ' a show about a lost dog . - And after that , a show about ... - That won 't be necessary . Good . Now , are you about finished with me , little sister ? For now . Aargh ! I saw it was a woman . She seemed to be in trouble but when I opened the door , she barged in and came running down the stairs . So I called the police . He 's here ! He 's here ! BJ ... What happened ? - Oh , my God . - He 's here ! Oh , my God . I 'm taking her to the hospital . Thank you . I thought you might need these . Thanks . You hurt yourself . Can you tell us what happened , BJ ? Cokely . He was in the room . - Cokely attacked you ? - Yes . He must have done this while I was asleep . - You 're sure it was him ? - I know it was him . I saw his reflection in the mirror . He looked just like his picture . - Like his mug shot ? - Yes . - That 's the picture of a young man . - But it was Cokely . I swear it was him . Well , I 'll have Tillman pick him up . Where were you last night ? Honolulu . You were in Aubrey , weren 't you ? How 'd you get into Detective Morrow 's house ? It 's all I can do to get to the bathroom , you damn fool ! - The victim has identified you , Mr Cokely . - I 've already paid for my crime . Well , I 'm gonna see that you pay more . I never touched that woman ! And I 'm not answerin ' any more questions without a lawyer . Get me a lawyer . Mulder ? It 's open . I have the results from the genetic testing of the blood found under Verna Johnson 's nails . They checked it against Cokely 's . The PGM subtype matches . The DQ Alpha and D1S80 , too . - It 's Cokely 's blood ? - The results strongly suggest that . Imagine the strength of his psychosis , driving him to murder after 50 years . - But for some reason he let BJ live . - Well , she 's not the first . Mrs Thibedeaux also survived his attack back in 1945 . I think it 's time we paid a visit to Mrs Thibedeaux . That was taken three weeks before it happened . I haven 't had a picture taken since . Is this your husband ? That 's Martin . He was a good man . He passed last June . If it hadn 't been for him , I never would have survived . I know this goes back a long way but could you tell us what happened the night Cokely attacked you ? It happened up there on the landing . I remember how the light from the window bounced off the razor . It had an ivory handle . He kept sayin ' " Someone 's gotta take the blame , little sister , and it isn 't gonna be me . " They tried to explain at the trial how his father used to beat him and how he was the only son in a family of five daughters . And how he was brutally punished for everything wrong that happened . But if you ask me that man was born evil . No children ? No . None . Our records show that you recuperated from your injuries within two months . But nine months later , you checked back into the hospital . Well , I had complications . What happened to the child ? Cokely 's child . Martin used to say ... not to blame the child . That it was just a little thing , an innocent . But it was the spawn of evil . I couldn 't keep it in this house the memory of him . Mrs Thibedeaux ? I gave the baby to an adoption agency . Baby ... He 'd be almost 50 now . This is the address of the adoption agency . If you do find him ... No . No , never mind . The bones BJ found under the house belonged to Chaney 's partner , Ledbetter . Cokely rented the house in 1942 . Detectives at the scene found an old razor under the house . They 're trying to lift prints . Cokely 's been released , but I think we have enough to nail him . Something just doesn 't track . The night she was attacked , BJ said she saw a younger man . You know her state of mind that night . She could have been mistaken . Well , maybe she did see a younger man . Young Cokely . Cokely 's grandson . Cokely 's grandson attacked BJ ? It would make sense . Genetic traits often skip a generation . That would explain the blood under Verna Johnson 's fingernails . PGM subtypes are similar among relatives . Did Danny call back with the adoption records yet ? I doubt Mendel had serial killers in mind when he developed his theory on genetics . You know , when I was a kid , I would have nightmares . I 'd wake up in the night thinkin I was the only person left in the world . Then I would hear this . - What ? - My dad would be in the study eating these . Danny Valadeo ? It 's Agent Scully . What does that have to do with Cokely ? On a cellular level , we 're the sum total of all our ancestors ' biological matter . But what if more than biological traits get passed down ? What if I like sunflower seeds because I 'm genetically predisposed to liking them ? Children aren 't born liking sunflower seeds . Behaviour patterns are taught . We hear of twins , separated at birth who end up in the same occupation , each naming their child Waldo . Waldo ? Jung wrote about the collective unconscious . It 's genetic memory . Yeah , Danny . Yeah . Thanks . I 'll tell him . Danny tracked down Mrs Thibedeaux 's son . He was a policeman named Raymond Morrow . That 's BJ 's father . - BJ is Cokely 's granddaughter . - She 's responsible for the murders . - Mulder ... - Get your coat . Let 's go . - Wait . You think BJ 's capable of murder ? - No , but Cokely is . BJ has become him . - That 's outrageous ! - I think Cokely 's memories , compulsions have been passed on genetically to BJ , driving her to kill . So BJ 's nightmares are real ? She 's killing women and carving " sister " on them ? Yes . - Then explain the cuts on her own chest . - I can 't . Maybe she did it herself . Maybe it 's a weird stigmata . Whatever it is , BJ 's not herself . - Where to ? - To warn Mrs Thibedeaux . If BJ has become Cokely in the way I mean , she may try to finish what Cokely started . Stop it ! - Somebody 's gotta take the blame , sister . - No ! No , no ! You 're not him ! You can 't be ! And it 's not gonna be me ! I 'm not afraid to use this . You have his eyes . You 're him ! No . You 're my grandchild . - You know what you 're doing ? ! - Shut up ! He 's done this to both of us . No ! You don 't know what you 're doing ! He 's the one to blame ! Argh ! Mrs Thibedeaux ? Mrs Thibedeaux ! Mulder ... Mrs Thibedeaux ! What happened ? She had a razor . She tried to kill me . But something stopped her . - Where did she go ? - I don 't know . - Can you stand ? - Yeah , I think so . - Let me help you up the stairs . - Thank you . This is Agent Mulder . I need an ambulance to 238 North 54th Street . I also need an APB on BJ Morrow . Yes , that 's Detective Morrow . She should be considered armed and dangerous . BJ 's going after Tillman . The first murder occurred after BJ got pregnant . She wants someone to blame . - I think that 's Tillman . - I don 't think so . I think it 'll be Cokely . - Why ? - She must know Cokely 's her grandfather . If she wants someone to blame , it 'll be him . Cokely 's not answering his phone . I 'm goin ' over there . She had a reason . - We 've gotta talk . - We 're getting a statement . - You 've accused BJ of murder ? - Let 's go outside . - No . Here , now ! - Have you seen Detective Morrow ? No ! But I don 't care what you 've accused her of . She could not hurt anybody . Detective Morrow attacked this woman with a razor . - Come on ! I do not believe that ! - It 's true . It happened . I only acted like any husband who didn 't want to see his home broken up . - What home ? - Remember the home I promised you ? Who 's there ? Cokely ? Who 's there ? No . How does it feel to be on the other side of the razor , brother ? Shut up ! No ... No ! Please , no ! You know the rules . This doesn 't stop till you 're dead . Cokely ! Cokely ? No , don 't . BJ . Don 't . Don 't . No ! This time you 'll stay dead ! - Freeze ! - BJ ! - What are you doin ' ? - Let him go . Let him go , BJ ! I 'm not BJ . Yes , you are . He 's dead . Come on . It 's all right . It 's gonna be all right . It 's gonna be OK . We are continuing with genetic testing on Detective Morrow . Evidence suggests the presence of a mutator gene that has activated dormant genes . But the results so far are inconclusive . Detective Morrow has not demonstrated any further physiological changes . Extensive blood work and psychological testing has been conducted to determine whether the pregnancy could have been a catalyst for the transformation . We have yet to determine the effects on the foetus . Amniocentesis results show no genetic abnormalities . Chromosome testing has determined the child 's sex to be male . BJ is on her second week of suicide watch after an unsuccessful attempt to abort her son . Lieutenant Tillman has petitioned to adopt the child and the case will soon be presented to the courts . Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru I made this ! ENGLISH HOH
