 Your turn . Jack ? Honey ? Are you still feeling sick ? What 's the matter with you ? Can 't you hear the baby is crying ? How about some cereal , honey ? You were having those awful dreams again last night . I didn 't sleep long enough to be dreaming . I want you to go to the doctor . Find out what 's wrong . - Will you do that ? - I 'd just like to eat my breakfast in peace ! Do you think that 's possible ? Jack ! What is it ? ! X-Files Season 2 Episode 15 - Fresh Bones Private John McAlpin . One of the few , the proud , but dead . He wrapped his car around a tree . He died on impact . Drug and alcohol tests came back negative . The car shows no evidence of mechanical failure . The military is calling it a suicide . It 's the second one in as many weeks . - Both at the same base ? - Yeah , except it 's not exactly a base . The Marines were stationed at the Folkstone Processing Center , North Carolina . More than 12,000 refugees waiting for asylum from Uncle Sam . - Wasn 't there a riot there a month ago ? - Yeah . A ten-year-old boy was killed . - Details of his death were never released . - Why did the military contact us ? They didn 't . Mrs McAlpin contacted the Bureau when the military refused to investigate her husband 's death further . She doesn 't believe it was suicide . There . This is the tree that stopped Private McAlpin 's car . The state police reported there was graffiti on the bark . Looks like some kind of ritual symbol . Most of the refugees at Folkstone are Haitian . Mrs McAlpin believes voodoo was behind her husband 's death ? Mrs McAlpin doesn 't believe her husband killed himself . She wants to know who did . Jack used to tell these jokes . Well , they were pretty dumb , I guess . But the way he told them always made me laugh . Then he got transferred to the camp , and nothing was very funny any more . Did he ever discuss what went on there ? What his duties included ? No . He 'd just come home angry . Mostly at himself , though sometimes he 'd turn it on Luke and me . Was he ever treated for depression or stress ? No . I tried getting him to talk to someone ... even our minister . But Jack believed in dealing with his own problems . Did he believe in voodoo ? The Marines , his family and football sums up everything Jack believed in . So when did you first think that his death involved something out of the ordinary ? One of the boys in his squad ... told me what they found at the accident . And he said it was some kind of voodoo curse . The same one they found on the stool that Puerto Rican boy used to hang himself . - Who told you that ? - Harry Dunham . He 's from New Orleans , so he 's superstitious about that type of thing . What about you ? My husband had just died , so I didn 't give it much thought either way . Not until Luke dug this up out of his sandbox . I know it sounds crazy , me worrying about all this . The truth is I 'm scared . I 'm scared for my child and I just don 't know what to do any more . It 's down there on the right , sir . ( man speaks Haitian ) Va tu ! Va tu ! Go ! Go ! Go away ! Get out of here ! Go ! Go ! Away ! Go ! Go ! He 's crazy . Too much rum . For such a pretty lady , it is dangerous out here . You need something pour vous garder . For protection . - Your lucky charm . - Come on , Mulder . - How much ? - Five . I mean ten . I 'll give you five . - OK . - Let 's go , Mulder . You should always carry protection . There you go . I 'm still not clear just what it is you 're investigating here . Two of your men have died in two weeks , allegedly of self-inflicted injuries . I 've taken every measure to see it doesn 't happen again . I 've even flown in the 528th Combat Stress Control Detachment from Camp Lejeune . But your soldiers aren 't in combat . What we 're dealing with here is worse . How so ? We 're soldiers . We 're not prison guards . We 're policing a hostile population of foreigners without the resources to feed or house them . There are bound to be some conflicts . So your men bear the brunt of the refugees ' frustration ? It 's hatred , plain and simple . They hate us . And all I can do is ... see that they 're processed as efficiently as possible . Colonel Wharton , a , uh ... certain ritual sign was found at the scene of both deaths . - Is there anything you can tell us about that ? - Not much . Apparently it 's some sort of voodoo marking . But you haven 't investigated it as a possibility ? Possibility of what ? All I know is voodoo caused a riot in my camp . One night they held some secret ceremony . The next day all hell broke loose . We understand a refugee was killed . A young boy . No one felt that tragedy more deeply than me . I was able to isolate the one responsible for instigating all the trouble . - Who would that be ? - His name is Bauvais . Pierre Bauvais . - Thinks he 's some kind of revolutionary . - Do you think we could speak with him ? If you don 't mind listening to his laundry list of complaints . I 'd also like to examine Private McAlpin 's body . I have a signed consent from his wife . Private Dunham will help you both with whatever you need . Cause of death was no great mystery . That boy was doing 60 when he hit the tree . - So they pronounced him at the scene ? - His head was hanging like a broken peony . And he had no cardiac functioning . I saw no reason to conduct an autopsy then and I still don 't . You can see for yourself . What kind of a sick joke is this ? Jackson ! Who the hell 's been in here ? Someone 's tampered with McAlpin 's body , and I wanna know who ! - You 're Harry Dunham . - Yes , sir . You knew Private McAlpin . His wife said you were friends . We were in the same squad . Any idea why he might 've killed himself ? I can 't say , sir . Can 't say , or you won 't say ? I 'll be right here if you need me . My name is Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . I was hoping you could answer questions about the Marines who took their own lives . It is a terrible shame . I 'm not convinced it 's as simple as that . You do not believe I was involved in this , do you ? How could I be when they keep me locked up in here . You tell me . These photographs were taken at the sites of both deaths . The shell was found buried under one of the soldiers ' homes . Can you tell me about the symbol ? Why ? What do you expect to learn from this ? Just the truth . One of the Marines left behind a wife . She 's too frightened to even mourn . She deserves some peace of mind . It is the loco-miroir the crossroads between the two worlds . The mirror in which a man must confront his true self . These ... Marines maybe they did not like what they saw . Colonel Wharton says you incited the riot last month . My country was born on the blood of slaves . Freedom is our most sacred legacy . Does that mean you 'd kill to preserve it ? Wharton will not let us return home . Which is all we ask . Mulder , I need to speak with you . She 's come to tell you ... the Marine is gone . - How did you know ? - It 's the spirits . Loa have warned you . Somebody stole McAlpin 's body and replaced it with a dog 's corpse . They will only warn you once . After that , no magic can save you . Come on , Scully . Let 's go . What do you think happened to Private McAlpin ? Bauvais must 've switched the bodies . - But he 's been confined for the last month . - Then he had somebody else do it . You said there was no evidence . And security 's impossible to breach . Whoever did it was clever and thorough . I wasn 't suggesting that some kind of spirit did it . Well , just in case , I believe in covering my bases . Mulder , voodoo only works by instilling fear in its believers . You saw how Bauvais tried to intimidate me . I 'll admit the power of suggestion is considerable , but this is no more magic than a pair of fuzzy dice . Scully , look out ! Hey ! Private McAlpin ? He 's non-verbal ... non-responsive to voice , touch or pain . The neurologists suspect he suffered a severe concussion , resulting in amnesia . A plausible diagnosis . Only I 'm more interested in how he came back to life . Well , obviously , he never left . Dr Foyle made a gross mistake when he signed the death certificate . - Did you get a copy of the blood test ? - Yeah . Electrolytes , white and red counts are all normal . Except this is strange . The lab detected trace levels of tetrodotoxin in his blood . That 's a poison found in the reproductive organs of puffer fish , a Japanese delicacy . Only I get the feeling that Private McAlpin didn 't frequent many sushi bars . - You have a theory how it got in his blood ? - What do you know about zombies ? I hope you don 't tell Robin McAlpin that she married one . In 1982 a Harvard ethnobotanist named Wade Davis did extensive field research in Haiti on the zombification phenomenon . He analysed several samples of zombie powder prepared by voodoo priests . - He found tetrodotoxin in all of them . - Mulder , it 's a lethal poison . Small doses can depress cardiorespiratory activities to such a low level that the victim appears clinically dead . - Zombie or not , Jack McAlpin is alive . - Exactly . Which is what makes me wonder about the other Marine who allegedly killed himself . Why would they bury Private Guttierez here ? They beat you to it . You 're the FBI , aren 't ya ? Yeah . We 've arranged to exhume the body of Manuel Guttierez . I prepared the dig as soon as I got the order , but it 's too late . - Too late ? - Yeah , the body snatchers got there first . I caught ' em a few times right in the act , but ... it 's gettin ' I can 't keep up any more . That 's , uh ... why I got this . Don 't the police intervene ? They got their hands full just tryin ' to protect the living . I 'm all these people have to preserve their rest . These body snatchers , what do they do with the bodies ? - They sell ' em . - To who ? Well , it varies . When the local medical school ran short of cadavers rumour had it that the snatchers got $ 200 a head . But mostly it 's the voodoo types who do the buying . A lot of folks in these parts go in for that with the medicines and the potions and ... Here we are . Look at that . They dug him up right under my nose . How 's he supposed to rest in peace like this ? They can do what they like with the pigs and the chickens . But this is a desecration . This is uncool . Mulder ... Look at that . See what I 'm talking about ? Let us take care of this . Knock yourselves out . Hey ! Let me be ! I didn 't do nothing ! What did I do ? ! - Maybe you can tell us . - Let me be ! Maybe I should kiss a few and find out if one is Guttierez . Fresh bones . They pay good . But I go there for the frogs . You find the best frogs at the cemetery . How do you get out of the camp ? I go and then I come back . What about your parents ? Are your parents at the camp ? What about a name ? Chester Bonaparte . - What do you do with the frogs , Chester ? - For each one I catch I get 50 cents . - From who ? Who pays you for them ? - Bauvais . His magic is the most strong . He even made my fries disappear ! You know , Chester , I got magic , too . And I bet I can make your fries reappear . Merci . Mulder , certain frog species secrete a substance called bufotoxin . It 's chemically similar to what was in Private McAlpin 's blood . We should ask Bauvais what he 's doing with those frogs . I didn 't want to say anything , but I think we 're being followed . There 's a grey four-door sedan in the parking lot . Keep an eye on Chester . Out of the car , Private ! - You 've been following us . - I had to warn you . You didn 't seem interested before . I couldn 't talk then , not with Colonel Wharton so close by . And not with him right there . Chester ? He 's just a little boy . No , sir , he is not . - What 's going on ? - He was about to tell us why we 're in danger . You 're putting yourselves into something you don 't understand . But you do . Bauvais warned him . He told the colonel he 'd take his men one by one unless ... Unless what ? Unless the colonel let his people go back to Haiti . But the colonel he just had us turn up the heat on all them beatings . - Colonel Wharton sanctioned beatings ? - He ordered it . And worse . The things he is making us do to those people ! Why hasn 't anybody filed a complaint ? None of us feel good about it , ma 'am , but you don 't join the Marines to feel good . You said Bauvais threatened the colonel 's men . He said ... he 'd take their souls . And you believe he can do that ? Jack was my friend . Look what happened to him . We don 't know what happened to him . But there is an explanation for his condition . Back home , an associate of my daddy 's , Clyde Jessamin once crossed a man on some kind of real-estate deal . Jessamin 's daughter took ill with somethin the doctors couldn 't make heads or tails of . All they could do was shoot her full of morphine , the pain was so bad . She died , five minutes past midnight , on her weddin ' day . And when they did an autopsy to try and figure it out all they could find was a bunch of snakes squirming around inside her belly . - Sounds like an old wives ' tale . - No , ma 'am . It 's not . You see I 'm the one who was supposed to marry her . - Think he 's telling the truth ? - Until I can figure out why he 'd lie , yeah . He 's superstitious , and superstition breeds fear . It 's what voodoo is all about . It 's as irrational as avoiding a crack in the sidewalk . Why would he be trying to avoid Chester ? Chester ! Chester ! Wait a second ! Chester ! Stop ! I 'm not gonna hurt you ! Chester ! It 's OK , I 'll get him . Chester ! Chester ? Can I get you anything else , sir ? Just get the door . - I 'm sorry , I 'm having my breakfast . - That 's all right , we already ate . I understand you obtained a court order yesterday to exhume Private Guttierez . That 's right . I 've filed a complaint with the Justice Department . His body was missing . Stolen from his coffin , apparently . Now you see what we 're facing here . What barbaric religion would desecrate a grave ? We suspect it was an act of retaliation . Retaliation ? - For your mistreatment of the detainees . - What the hell are you talkin ' about ? Physical abuse of political refugees is a prosecutable crime under international law . It 's Bauvais , isn 't it ? He 's the one you 're gettin ' this garbage from . Look nobody ever said this was a hotel , but it 's hardly a concentration camp . - Then there is no policy of harassment ? - It 's my men who are being harassed . The UN , the relief organisations they 're all so busy protecting the rights of refugees , nobody 's looking out for my men ! Well , we 'll let you finish . Don 't want your breakfast to get cold . Wharton 's left these people no choice but to fight back with the only weapon they have . There 's a big difference between nasty looks and raising the dead . Not according to Private Dunham . Agh ! What ? More scare tactics . - Let me see that . - Oh , it 's nothing . I don 't think he 's in any condition to talk . That 's right , Private , you don 't think . You follow orders . - But , sir ... - Dismissed ! Ouvri barrière pou moi . I want the secret . Maybe you should tell me now , while you can still talk . Ma vie nan mains Bon Dieu . No , Papaloi . Your life is in my hands . I was surprised to get your card . I 'd assumed our last contact would be our last . Why are you here ? Your investigation is faltering , Agent Mulder . We 've got a renegade Marine violating human rights ... These people have no rights . In 24 hours , all access to Folkstone will be restricted to military personnel . - No press . No third-party monitoring . - What about Scully and me ? You 'll be called back to Washington on a priority matter . They 're making the camp invisible . Why ? In case you haven 't noticed , Agent Mulder , the Statue of Liberty is on vacation . The new mandate says if you 're not a citizen , you 'd better keep out . Well , why hold ' em up ? Why not just repatriate them ? During our most recent involvement in Haiti , three US soldiers took their own lives . Two were under Colonel Wharton 's command . Are you saying the military is sanctioning Wharton 's revenge ? These are innocent civilians . Some people in Congress might have a problem with that . By the time they get a committee together it 'll be as if none of this ever happened . No , I 've been on hold for half an hour . I 'm trying to locate a Private Dunham . Yeah . Yeah . Thanks . Mulder , I just got through to Dunham 's barracks . Mulder ? Your door 's unlocked . Mulder , listen to this . Dunham 's been AWOL since last night ... Mulder ? Oh , God ! - Scully ? - Yeah . I found him wandering around outside . You all right ? Yeah . It 's Dunham . When I found him he had this in his hand . - Do you recall leaving the hospital ? - I don 't recall much of anything . Except ... feeling real heavy . Like ... like I 'm asleep and I can 't wake up . Do you remember killing Private Dunham ? All I remember is being there , seeing him in all that blood . Why did you sign the confession ? The private asked and I apprised him of what you found at the crime scene . Who else might it have been ? Colonel can we have a word outside ? What exactly did you tell him ? If you 're suggesting that I coerced Private McAlpin ... I need to know that he signed that confession voluntarily . Of course he did . Since his reappearance , has Private McAlpin had any contact with Bauvais ? Not to my knowledge . - We 'd still like to speak with Bauvais . - I 'm afraid that 's impossible . - Why ? - Because he 's dead . Last night he ... cut his wrists with a bed spring . I 'll have the report sent to your motel , along with the private 's confession . Since matters are being handled internally , I 'll assume your business here is finished . What 's wrong ? I 'm fine . It 's just a headache . Mulder . OK , Mrs McAlpin . We 'll be 15 minutes . First I thought I lost him . As if that wasn 't hard enough to deal with ! - Now they 're saying he 's killed Harry . - He said it himself . He signed the confession . I don 't care . It doesn 't make sense . Jack and Harry were friends . Mrs McAlpin , you said Private Dunham came here last night . What did he want ? He was on his way to see you . - For what reason ? - He wouldn 't tell me . He said if anything happened to him I should give this to you . He told me not to open it . Luke 's been in a mood since all this started . It 's almost like he knows what 's going on . I 'll be right back . It 's OK , honey . I 'm coming . That 's Bauvais . And Wharton ? They must 've known each other when Wharton served in Haiti . When in Rome ... Mulder ... Dunham and Guttierez both filed complaints against Colonel Wharton . They both cited incidents of abuse : dates , times ... Scully look at this . Check out the name on the dog tags . Come with me , please . Take the light out of my eyes . - Where 's Wharton ? - You 'll find out soon enough . He killed Bauvais . If you know about it , you 're an accessory to murder . Shut up ! Bauvais got what he deserved . After what he did to McAlpin and Guttierez ... - It wasn 't Bauvais . - What are you talking about ? Those men were about to testify against Wharton , so he stopped them before they did . If you don 't believe us , look in the trunk . This is what 's left of Private Guttierez . Now where 's Bauvais ' body ? We buried him this afternoon in the municipal graveyard . Au nom des saints et de la lune . Au nom des saints ... et de la lune . Au nom des saints et des étoiles . - What is it , Scully ? - I 'm all right . - You don 't look all right . - No , I 'm ... I 'm fine . I 'll catch up with you . Just go get Wharton . ( man speaks Haitian ) Au nom des saints et des étoiles . Au nom des saints et du vent . Au nom des saints et de tempête ! Federal agent ! Drop the knife , Wharton . Drop the knife ! Do it ! Agh ! ( Bauvais speaking Haitian ) He who does evil , evil he will see . ( man speaking Haitian ) Mulder ! Are you OK ? I feel better than you look . What happened ? I don 't know . He 's dead . Did you kill him ? It was Bauvais . Here 's the passenger manifest you asked for . They 're petitioning to have Bauvais returned to Haiti . Too bad it has to be in a box . - Is this a complete list ? - As far as I know . - There was a boy . Chester Bonaparte . - Sure , Chester . Poor kid . He died six weeks ago in that riot . Move it , Wong . Aaagh ! Aaagh ! Aaagghhhhhh ... ! Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru I made this ! ENGLISH HOH
