 Somewhere in that totality known as the universe is a galaxy called the Milky Way . Tucked into the corner of that galaxy is a planet named Earth . On that planet is a city called Mantua . Go straight ahead past the fountain , turn right , then left , then right again . You 'll find yourself walking along the water , listening as a man sings of his beloved 's unfaithful heart . And even the fish begin to weep . " Quando la donna é mobile . " La donna é mobile Qual pluma al vento Muta d 'accento E di pensiero Sempre un 'amabile Leggiadro viso ln pianto , o in riso E ' menzognero La donna é mobile Qual pluma al vento Muta d 'accento E di pensier E di pensier ... Tuvok . E di pensier . Tuvok . Janeway to Security . Get a team to the Mess Hall right away . Stand back . He 's been seized by the Pon farr . A neurochemical imbalance is driving him to mate . We won 't be able to reason with him . Tuvok , I understand You are a Vulcan man You have just gone without For seven years about Paris , please find a way To load a hypospray I will give you the sign Just aim for his behind Hormones are raging Synapses blazing lt 's all so ve ry illogical illogical lll ... lllogical . - Bravo ! - Bravo ! - Bravo ! - Bravo ! Doctor ? Doctor ? Hello ? Hmm . Maybe I 'd better run a diagnostic on your hearing subroutines . My hearing 's fine . I was just letting my mind wander , that 's all . If you 're not working on anything , you should deactivate yourself . Save us the energy . Wait a second . I thought I was scheduled to go on the away team . Well , the planet looks pretty safe on the long - range sensors . Any medical problems , and we can just use the transporter . But take a look at those scans , and see if there 's anything we might have missed . Lieutenant , I wanted to go on the away team . There 's a canyon on that planet I 'd like to investigate . I 've already handed out assignments . Next time . If you 'd like , I 'll snap a few images for you . Don 't bother . Suit yourself . I 'll just use my imagination . Where did that come from ? Good question . Didn 't show up on sensors until a few minutes ago . T - class nebula . 1,000 kilometer diameter . Hydrogen , helium ... argon . Nothing too dramatic . If you want some drama , take a look at this . " To Captain Kathryn Janeway , Starship Voyager " from Emergency Medical Hologram , Starship Voyager . " Topic : Status of Emergency Medical Hologram Starship Voyager . " He 's filing a formal grievance . Regarding ? His treatment by the crew . There 's also a paragraph about his future on Voyager and a proposal for his advancement . " Failure to acknowledge sentience . " " Rude behavior . " What 's this ? A request to be " made Captain in the event of a catastrophic emergency . " He 's serious ? Dead serious , and he wants a formal response ... for the record . Protocol allows for Commander Chakotay or myself to address his demands , if the Captain would prefer . No , I 'll take care of it . I don 't want anybody to be uncomfortable on this ship . I guess we should all try to be a little more considerate of his feelings . Captain , he does it to himself . He 's Chief Medical Officer . is it our fault that 's not enough for him ? Resume course toward the planet . Chakotay , you have the Bridge . I 've got a formal response to draft . What category did I assign that vessel ? Unacceptable risk . Correct . And what was my justification for that decision ? The ship appears in none of our databases . Initial attempts to scan the interior failed . Then why are you wasting our resources ? I - l think I can penetrate the hull ... uh , using a microtunneling sensor ... And observe the interior one molecule at a time ? There are other potential targets that must be surveyed . If I could tap into a data transfer conduit , I 'd be able to reach their main computer core . That would tell me all we need to know about their tactical systems ... in theory . We could be detected . They may not like being spied upon . I think I 've been very careful avoiding this . I 'll take every precaution - - l promise ! Unacceptable risk . I 've already transmitted my proposal to the Hierarchy . They should be responding momentarily . Do you have something - you 'd like to say ? - No . The Hierarchy cannot be bothered with every ill - conceived notion that you ... They 've approved . I 'd better get started . You 're too confrontational . He 'll report you . Humph . Acceptable risk . The layer of antonium runs right along the edge of the canyon . My scans show geological instability within 100 meters of the target location . I could put the Flyer down just outside of that . I don 't know , Tom . That might be a little too far . What 's the matter , Neelix ? Afraid of a little exercise ? Well , I think we could handle a 100 - meter stroll . I have to agree . Maybe getting there . It 's coming back I 'm worried about . We 'll be loaded down with ore . If the ground is unstable ... I suggest limiting the team members to 20 kilograms . Preliminary scans indicate the crust is dense enough to support that weight . You might try carrying a transport enhancer to the site . That 's not a bad idea . We 'll beam the ore back to the Delta Flyer - - and we won 't have to carry anything . You know , this mission is starting to look a little more dangerous than we thought . Maybe we do need the Doctor to come along . If one of us fell through the crust , there could be injuries . I require the Doctor 's assistance in Astrometrics . What for ? That 's none of your business . I think it is . What 's wrong , Captain ? It 's nothing , really . An old Academy injury . Flares up every now and then . I 've learned to live with it , but maybe you should stay here and have a look . Right ... there . Get away from him ! You ... are dismissed . Doctor ? Doctor ? Yes ... Captain . Let 's talk about these demands of yours . I 've given you a great deal of freedom on this ship . I 'm not disputing that . But you 're not satisfied , either . I should be allowed to participate and advance according to my abilities , like any other member of this crew . You should also know your limits . My program can be expanded indefinitely . I don 't have limits . Maybe . But we all have primary responsibilities . Yours is Sick Bay . I 'm a computer program . Multiple tasking is second nature to me . This proposal of yours ... to be made a ... what ? What did you call it ? ECH - - Emergency Command Hologram . In principle , it 's an interesting idea . A backup Captain in case I 'm incapacitated , and the command structure breaks down . But expanding your program would take months of work . The lives of the crew may depend on it someday . I 'm afraid the answer is no , Doctor . However , as part of my formal response , I have recommended that Starfleet assign a team of engineers to consider your proposal . When we get back to the Alpha Quadrant , I 'll pass it along . Thank you , Captain . Thank you , Doctor . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'd like to introduce the Emergency Command Hologram . Hear , hear . Congratulations . I 've tried to access their internal sensors , but I couldn 't get past the security encryption . So I found something even better - - a holographic crewman . I 've tapped into his cognitive subroutines . We can now monitor everything he 's experiencing . It 's like having an agent on board . To the ECH . Captain , this is such an honor , but if you don 't mind my saying , hardly a surprise . Allow me to introduce ... the Doctor . He 's a computer program - - a sentient piece of holographic technology - - and he is Voyager 's Medical Officer . " Voyager " ? That 's the name of the ship . I 've only been observing the Doctor for a matter of hours , and I 've already learned more about this vessel than I did in three days of sensor sweeps . Elaborate . The reason Voyager is not in our database is because they are not from this quadrant . They 're ... lost ... alone . No backup vessel ? Uh - huh . No one to contact for help ? Precisely . Another few hours of observation and I will know all we need to know about them - - defenses , weapons , crew complement - - everything . From monitoring one individual ? Unlikely . Actually ... it is very likely . The social structure on Voyager is - is much different than ours . How so ? This is my observation post . I have a single function , but the Doctor ... does much more than just practice medicine . He has access to the entire ship . And he seems to be an expert on ... everything . In fact , the Captain just gave him authorization to command the Bridge ! It was a very ... exciting moment . Why aren 't you monitoring him now ? Well , the link drops out intermittently , but it should be reestablished in a few minutes . Maintain your surveillance . This 'll take care of any potential allergens in the planet 's atmosphere . I 'll monitor your medical status from the Bridge , but I don 't anticipate any problems . Since I 'm not going , I wonder if you 'd mind snapping a few holo - images for me while you 're down there . Gladly . Tell me something , Mr. Neelix . Do you ... daydream ? On Talaxia , we have a saying - - " The dream dreams the dreamer . " Care to translate ? We like to think that fantasies and daydreams come from someplace else - - another land . They slip into our minds and whisper about things we never imagined . A strange notion . Do you daydream , Doctor ? No , of course not . I 'm a computer program . I prefer wide shots , Mr. Neelix . If you 're feeling creative , throw in a little ultraviolet . Will do . Voyager to Delta Flyer . Report . We 're approaching the canyon . Phew , what a view . I 'm sure it is . Put us in a synchronous orbit above their landing coordinates . Voyager , Mayday ! What 's wrong ? We 've been hit . I 'm taking us down into the canyon ... Harry ... I don 't know what happened to them . I am picking up a vessel , Captain . It 's Borg . Red Alert . On screen . Battle stations . Captain ... you must relieve me of duty at once . An assimilation virus has penetrated our defenses . We 're becoming drones . Hard to Starboard . Reinforce the shields . Incoming fire ! Doctor ... Computer , activate the ECH . Acknowledged . Transferring all systems to your command . You have the Bridge . Indeed . Shields to maximum . Photon torpedoes , full volley . Fire . Computer , report . Enemy shields are intact . We are the Borg . I know very well who you are . Stand down your weapons . State your designation . Emergency Command Hologram , at your service . Designation unknown . Not for long . Doctor ... Warning . Primary shields are failing . This is the last time I 'm going to ask you . Stand down your weapons . Turn back while you still can . You will be assimilated . Over my dead program . Computer , activate the photonic cannon . The photonic cannon is on line . Fire . Doctor , can you confirm ? The readings , Doctor . Um , the , uh ... Uh ... readings , uh ... confirm , of course . Uh , the away team 's physiologies are within acceptable parameters . All life signs stable . You 're okay to proceed , Tom . Understood . We 'll contact you again when we reach the site . Voyager will not be an easy target . It is armed with something called " a photonic cannon . " I watched them destroy a Borg sphere with a single volley . There are no reports of Borg in this region . I saw it with my own eyes . Did you check for debris ? The ship was annihilated . There was nothing left for the sensors to pick up . Continue . Their Captain was disabled in the attack . The hologram is now in command . He 's ... an impressive individual - - a physician , an engineer ... a warrior - - and very attractive to the females . We must at all cost try to avoid a direct confrontation with him . I recommend a type - 3 stealth assault . The Hierarchy approves . Prepare for a stealth assault type - 3 . Scan for Borg . We don 't want any last - minute surprises ... or mistakes . Doctor ... can I have a word with you ? I know I let my attention drift a little on the Bridge , but I assure you ... Are you kidding ? That was incredible . I just wanted to congratulate you . For what exactly ? The Borg will have to think twice about attacking Voyager again . Nice work . Computer , locate Commander Chakotay . Commander Chakotay is in his quarters . Something wrong ? What were you trying to do ? I 've been experimenting with introducing a new function into my program - - cognitive projections ... daydreaming . I wanted to be able to daydream . An inefficient activity . We all do it now and then , Seven . Why not the Doctor ? My thought exactly . So , what 's the problem ? The algorithms are malfunctioning . I 'm starting to daydream ... whether I want to or not . They say a Doctor who operates on himself has a pahtk for a patient . I can help him . I 'm sure you can . The Doctor and I are going to Sick Bay . Any excuse to be alone with him , eh , Seven ? Assimilation is an unpleasant fate . is that a threat ? This is impossible . The warp containment field is failing ! Warp core breach in 30 seconds . Try stabilizing the antimatter flow . The control linkage is down . Warning . Warp core breach a lot sooner than you think . We 've got to get someone inside the warp core ... try to eject it manually . No one could survive the current level of plasma radiation . - The Doctor . - The Doctor . This isn 't real ... is it ? Doc , you 're the only one who can help us . Warning . Last chance to be a hero , Doctor . Get going . Here 's the problem . The new algorithms weren 't isolated properly . They 've branched into his perceptual subroutines . Doc , why don 't we take a closer look at the matrix and ... What are you doing ? I have to eject the core . What ? ! - Deactivate his program . - No , it will damage his matrix . Don 't try to stop me . Let 's take him to Sick Bay . I have to ... I have to save the ship ! I have to save the ship ! I have to save the ship ! You look lovely tonight , Seven . Where shall we go ? That sounds wonderful . The new algorithms have completely taken over his program . Ambassador ! So , now he 's daydreaming constantly ? It 's a photonic cannon . I designed it myself . He seems to be randomly jumping from one to the next . Oh . Pardon me , Miss . I routed his subroutines to Holodeck 1 , so Harry and Seven could monitor his fantasies . Do you think that 's appropriate ? They 're his fantasies , and I promised him we 'd show a little more consideration . It 'll give us a better idea of what 's going on , help us fix him . Mr. Neelix , how thoughtful . You baked me a cake ... Kim to Sick Bay . Go ahead , Harry . You might want to have a look at this . We 're on our way . Mm - hmm . Keep still , please . Anything you say , Doctor . He does the hands very well . Apparently , he 's had a great deal of practice . Look at these . Computer ... activate the Emergency Command Hologram . This is the part I like . Nice touch . Bring the photonic cannon on line . Photonic cannon ? A weapon of mass destruction , invented by the Doctor , of course . Of course . In many of his fantasies , he takes command and saves the ship . I see . Which means that particular algorithm is more easily accessible than the others . So , if we can isolate it , we might be able to stabilize his program . Why do you torment me like this ? That was never my intention . It wasn 't ? I want you to be happy , B 'Elanna . Without you ? What ? ! Shh ... I 'll always be ... fond of you . That will never change . You can 't just leave me . I couldn 't bear to be alone . Aren 't you forgetting someone ? He needs you , B 'Elanna , now more than ever . Forget him . He 's not half the man you are . Mm - hmm . Well ... I 've seen enough of this . All right , let 's go back to Sick Bay and try to isolate that algorithm . Congratulations . Thank you for this opportunity , Captain . All I 've ever wanted was to live up to my full potential ... to hone all my skills ... expand my abilities ... to help the people I love . What 's the status ? I lost the signal again . I don 't know what happened . Two assault vessels are on course to join us . Accurate information is essential ! The more I learn about Voyager , the more I wonder ... if it 's worth the trouble . Clarify . Launching an attack against such a heavily armed vessel carries a great risk and for what ? A little antimatter and some dilithium ... Your survey indicated large quantities of both . We 've already committed substantial resources to mounting this assault . Were you mistaken ? No ! Not at all . I 'm just ... sounding a note of caution . If our boarding party doesn 't find Voyager exactly as you 've described it ... the Hierarchy will be informed . I understand . There has been no mistake . Then we 'll proceed . I 've made a terrible mistake . How ... terrible ? The Doctor was appearing in a different location every few seconds . It didn 't seem possible . So , I investigated a little further and ... I haven 't been monitoring his perceptions . I 've been watching his dreams ... or his ... his imaginings . I 'm not sure which ... but none of this is real . What am I going to do ? I came to check on your patient . He 's doing just fine , Captain . It took Lieutenant Torres half the night to stabilize my matrix , but I haven 't had a single flight of fancy since . I apologize for altering my program without permission . Well , at least there wasn 't any permanent damage . I 'm afraid there was . I 've been exposed ... humiliated ... turned inside out for all the world to see . If I 've lost your respect ... That will never happen ... certainly not because we 've seen a few random fantasies . We all daydream , Doctor . It helps us imagine other possibilities in life . Just hold off until we 've figured out a way for you to do it without damaging yourself , all right ? Come in . Ship status report . Federation Law . Thinking about a career change ? In a way . Not for me , though . I 've been going over the legal precedents for granting command positions to holograms . There aren 't any . Captain , this ship needs its Doctor . He should focus on what he was programmed for - - medical care . I think we 've underestimated him because of our own human limitations . His full potential 's unknown , Chakotay . Would you be comfortable handing over your ship to a computer program ? Well , I don 't know if I 'd take it that far . You might have to . He probably won 't settle for less . Oh , no . Allow me to shake your hand . Congratulations . Doctor , may I please have a word with you ? I don 't recall dreaming you up . You didn 't . I 'm transmitting a simulation of myself into your program , but I am real . Doctor to the Bridge . I 'm daydreaming again . Somebody deactivate me . Voyager is about to be attacked . Of course it is , unless the valiant Doctor swings into action , right ? Yes , yes , precisely . A common theme in all my fantasies . I reactivated your cognitive algorithms . I put you back into this ... fiction . Here . Why ? It was the only way for me to communicate with you . I 'm listening . I 'm a long - range observer on an assault - class vessel . I scan passing ships for technology and raw materials . When I find an acceptable target , we raid it . You 've been spying on us . More to the point - - on you . For several days , I 've been using a long - range tunneling sensor to tap into your program . You were supposed to be our eyes and ears on Voyager . Instead , I got this . My daydreams ? ! You tapped into my daydreams ? ! That 's why my algorithms have been destabilizing . My fault . I 'm sorry . Tell me about this attack . My ship is less than an hour away . I can help you avoid a confrontation , but you must do exactly what I say . Why should you want to help us ? You don 't understand . The Hierarchy does not tolerate mistakes or misinformation . If they learn of my error ... I 'll lose my livelihood . Well , that 's what you get for being a Peeping Tom . But I also care about what happens to you . I feel like I 've gotten to know you over the past few days . You 've been spying on my fantasies , not me . You don 't know me at all . But I do . I know how your mind works ... what your hopes are . You created all these ... possibilities . My species , we 're ... very different . Our thinking is confined , but ... I can 't help ... but admire you . I don 't want you to be harmed . Then I suppose we should swing into action . Captain , we 're about to be attacked . Alien vessels are approaching . There 's nothing on the sensors , Doc . The vessels are cloaked . How do you know this ? One of the aliens contacted me . I 've detected no transmissions . He spoke to me in a daydream . I don 't want to hear it . However , I would like to know why you 've disobeyed my direct order . I can prove it to you . The alien told me how to reconfigure our sensors to compensate for their cloaking field . He 's right . I 'm picking up three ships out there - - distance , 600 million kilometers , headed right for us . On screen . Maximum magnification . The alien won 't help us unless we help him . What if this is all part of their attack ? A ruse ? He 's already helped us compensate for their cloak . I 'm inclined to believe him . So am I , but I 'd just as soon set a course away from here at maximum warp . That will only delay a confrontation . They have vessels hidden throughout the entire sector . Did your friend have a plan ? He said they 're running what 's called a type - 3 stealth assault . They won 't de - cloak until they 're right on top of us , at which point they 'll fire a warning shot across our bow . Then come the demands - - for supplies and technology . If we don 't comply , they 'll destroy us . Fortunately , the alien promised to transmit the resonance frequencies of their phasers . And in return ? In return ... He mistakenly informed his superiors that I was in command of Voyager . To keep himself from being demoted , he wants us ... to maintain that fiction . When they open the channel , I have to be sitting in the Captain 's chair . I 'm sorry , Captain ... but he insisted . Well , I guess it 's time to turn fantasy into reality . I 'm in over my head . What if I fail ? You sound like I did when the Captain put me in command of the night shift . That chair looked so big , I thought I 'd sink so far into it that nobody would be able to see me . But you had your Academy training to fall back on . Yeah , well , sounds like you 've had plenty of practice . That wasn 't real . Listen , Doc ... the whole reason you wanted to be able to daydream was to test out possibilities , right ? Well , consider this a field test . Why isn 't there any hull damage from the Borg attack ? They ... repaired it . So quickly ? Hmm . Prepare for type - 4 assault . Type - 4 ? That would cause a huge drain on our energy core - - a ... a , a waste of resources . Do you really think that 's necessary ? What I think doesn 't matter . Your long - range surveillance indicated an attack by Borg . On closer inspection , that appears to be doubtful . Your report on this vessel could be mistaken . I think caution is in order . The Hierarchy agrees . Proceed to type - 4 . Captain on the Bridge . It won 't bite . What I wouldn 't give right now for a whoopee cushion . A what ? Ancient technology . Captain , we 're ready to proceed . Acknowledged , Commander . The internal com - link is active . No one will be able to hear you but the Doctor . Doctor , are you ready ? No , but do I have a choice ? I 'll be with you every step of the way . Just remember , I 'm still the Captain . Understood . I 'm receiving a transmission on a secure channel - - audio only . Must be the Doctor 's friend . Let 's hear what he has to say . Doctor ? Hello ? Voyager here . It 's me . Doctor , something terrible has happened . They 've ordered a type - 4 assault . Our phaser frequencies will be rotated continuously . I won 't be able to help you . Evasive maneuvers . Three vessels are de - cloaking off the port bow . That didn 't feel like a warning shot . Direct hit . Shields are holding . They 're hailing us . This is it , Doctor . On screen . You see ? There he is . Uh ... be careful . He - he - he 's dangerous . The Hierarchy controls this region of space . Your ship has supplies and technology that we require . Tell him we 'll defend ourselves . They won 't get what they 're after . We 'll defend ourselves . They won 't get what they 're after . Huh ? I mean you ... won 't get what you 're after . Not in a million years . Not if I have anything to say about it ! Don 't improvise , Doctor . Sorry . An exchange of fire would damage both of our ships , but we have support nearby . You are alone . Take your weapons off - line and prepare to be b ... Excuse the interruption , Commander . I 've found a potential weakness in their shields , but I 'll need time to reconfigure our phasers . Keep him occupied , Doctor . On screen . This is my final warning . Don 't ... rush me . Take your weapons off - line . lmmediately . I won 't ask again . You ... appear to be suffering from a physio - emotive disorder . You 're impatient , quick to anger . Do you have any idea what that does to your vascular pressure ? You may want to see a physician . Firing phasers . Direct hit . Ha ! How do you like that , huh ? A taste of your own medicine ! Tone it down , Doctor . Sorry . Our phasers are off - line . Prepare to be boarded . It 's time to negotiate , Doctor . Tell them ... Tuvok ! Activate the photonic cannon . Tuvok , that was an order ! Activating the photonic cannon ... sir . I 'd rather not give the order to fire . My sensors are showing no activation sequence . Of course not . The photonic cannon is impervious to sensors . The Borg couldn 't detect it either . That 's why they were destroyed . The Borg , the Hierarchy - - it 's all the same to me . Just another bully who didn 't know when to back off . We 'll be vaporized . The Hierarchy suggests retreat . They 're moving away at maximum impulse . Go ahead , Doctor . You 've earned it . Seven of Nine to the Doctor . Go ahead . I require your assistance in the Mess Hall . I 'll be right there . Surprise ! Don 't worry , Doc . You 're not dreaming . Captain ? For your imaginative defense of this ship and her crew , I 'm awarding you the Starfleet Medal of Commendation . Congratulations . Thank you . I 've also reconsidered your request . I 'm going to authorize a research project to explore your command abilities . You 're a natural . Congratulations , Doctor . That was a platonic gesture . Don 't expect me to pose for you . Noted .
