 Animali ! Bruti animali ! Animali ! No , Leonardo , you are the animal ! A bird who cannot fly ! Better than a man who cannot think ! The pigeon speaks ! Maestro ! Stupido ! Foolish Florentines ! A bird is a mechanical instrument that works according to mathematical laws . An instrument that surely I can recreate . How did it fail ? Maybe you underestimated the wingspan . Had not the River Arno taken us to its arms , we would both have died . Jumping off the bridge was a wise precaution . Against death , yes . Against humiliation ... no . " The great bird will take flight and bring glory to its nest " - - so I have bragged for months . Instead , we almost drown with half of Florence watching . Finito ! No more . Catarina ... have you been to France ? Not recently . Ah . The king of France is a great admirer of mine . " The divine Leonardo " is all I hear when I walk through his streets . And what music do I find in the streets of Florence , eh ? The cooing of pigeons and the babbling of fools . Catarina , we are leaving . You 're giving up . Hmm ? Again . Your beautiful painting of the Adoration ... the great bronze horse in Milan ... the Battle of Anghiari ... unfinished , all of them . You were going to publish your notebooks . You never did . You have given up- - abandoned your most important works . Why ? There is a ... a tavern just outside Paris , Catarina , a charming bistro where the wine is ... Terramotto . Janeway to the Bridge . We 're under attack , Captain . I 'm on my way . Earthquakes ... and idiots . Florence be damned . Who are they and why are they shooting at us ? Unknown , Captain . They 're not responding to hails . Damage ? None . I 'm reading a slight destabilization along the shield perimeter . Attempting to compensate . Uh , Torres to the Bridge . Go ahead . We just lost the warp diagnostic assembly . What do you mean " lost " ? It disappeared . I 'm picking up dematerializations on Decks 4 - through 12 . - Evasive maneuvers . They 're matching our course changes . It 's definitely some kind of transporter beam . Fire at will . I have the will , but not the means , Captain . Targeting control is down . Why ? Captain , the main computer processor is gone . We 've lost weapons , navigation and propulsion . Backup systems are coming on line . Full phasers , manual targeting , keep firing until you hit something . The other ships are retreating . Chakotay to all decks . Full damage reports . I feel like we 've just been mugged . They were employing a high-energy transporter beam designed to locate objects of technological value and remove them . They removed a lot . Five tricorders , three phaser rifles , a couple of photon torpedo casings , two antimatter injectors , a month 's supply of emergency rations . No great loss there . Excuse me . You 're forgetting the most important thing of all- - my mobile emitter . Without it , I 'm stuck in Sick Bay . I can 't go anywhere . We 'll do the best we can , Doctor , but our top priority is the main computer processor . B 'Elanna , I want a defense against another transporter attack . Harry , do everything you can to track - those ships . - Yes , ma 'am . Dismissed . Seven ... hey ... If you 're here to fraternize , I do not have the time . Actually , the Captain wanted me to locate the ships that attacked us . I 've pushed the long-range sensors about as far as they 'll go ... And now you believe the sensors can be extended by using the deep space imaging system . Well , yes . I 've been working on that exact procedure for the past two hours . Really ? Let 's have a look . Do you doubt my ability to finish the task ? It ... Look ... I came here to work . Um ... I realized you 'd already started the job ... so I offered to help . That 's all . I offered to help . An algorithmic feedback is interfering with the resolution . Decompile data banks 59 through 17 and attempt to isolate it . Now ... or you should leave . Okay . I 'm a pretty easygoing person . I mean , it takes a lot to ... ruffle my ... feathers . But that 's not true of everybody . You 've got to learn how to phrase things a little more ... diplomatically . Or not . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51386 . 4 . With ship 's systems at nearly half capacity , it 's taken us ten days to track our stolen technology . I 'm picking up Starfleet signatures from two of the continents . Can you find the main computer processor ? It 's on the northern continent in what looks like a city ... but there 's a lot of signal interference . I 'll never be able to localize it from here . Captain , I 've identified nearly 27 kinds of alien ships in orbit of this planet . It appears to be an active center of commerce . We should be able to place an undercover away team on either continent without attracting attention . That 's good enough for now . Tuvok , you and I are going after the processor . Tom , Neelix , I want you on the other continent , find out what you can . At the very least , try to get our emergency rations back . Chakotay , you have the Bridge . It never fails to impress me . No matter how vast the differences may be between cultures , people always have something that somebody else wants and trade is born . Or more to the point , theft . What have you got ? The materials in the construction of this city , and the technology in use appear to have originated from numerous sources . No doubt stolen . The myriad signatures have resulted in high interference levels . I am unable to ... A moment . I am picking up a Starfleet signature . The computer processor ? I don 't believe so . The signal magnitude is too low . The signature is ... approaching . Catarina ! Che maraviglia ! Out of my way ! Out of my way ! Scusa . Perdono . Catarina ! Welcome ! Welcome to America ! Tell me , Catarina , what do you think of the New World ? How did you get here ? A question I have asked myself many times . One moment , I was packing for my journey to France , the next , I was in this land of marvels . Possibly , upon leaving my workshop , I was accosted by Spanish sailors ... rendered unconscious , delivered to a galleon in the port of Genoa and carried like a sack of grain across the vast Atlantic . Curious ears . My traveling companion , Tuvok . Oh , what the old philosophers say is true- - " monstrous and wonderful are the peoples of undiscovered lands . " But tell me , Catarina ... how did you come to the Americas ? Oh , it 's a long story . A Portuguese ship , some Turkish pirates ... a couple of hurricanes ... I 'll tell you all about it some other time . Excuse me . There is the man that I have been looking for . He has an apparatus that I need for my next invention . My patron is a demanding taskmaster . Your patron ? The prince of this city . Buon giorno , signori . The da Vinci character is interpreting this world through the limited capacity of his holodeck program . He sees everything in 16th century terms . But what is he doing here ? I was running the da Vinci simulation when we were attacked . His program must have been active in the computer 's memory when the processor was beamed off the ship . And then downloaded into the Doctor 's mobile emitter . But by whom ? His patron ? The prince ? Marvelous , no ? A plasma injector conduit . Starfleet issue . Call it what you will . With this machine , I can make mercury flow in three directions at once . You must see my new workshop . The prince has been very supportive . Andiamo . Let 's go . So , Catarina ... what do you think of this place ? My workshop in Florence was but a cave of ignorance in comparison . Your new patron gave you all this ? He is the perfect prince . Intelligent- - but not overly so . In awe of my talent , but not threatened by it . And above all , and most importantly , his purse is inexhaustible . And in return for all this support ? I give him my ideas . I have even resurrected my great bird , like the phoenix of legend . They have materials here , Catarina , that are so strong and so light that surely my prototype will ascend to the heavens . Be careful ! They have found a way to harness the energy of a thunderstorm and to expel it with great force . A pistole that shoots not a lead ball but a bolt of lightning . Well , I 'd like to meet this patron of yours . And so you shall this very evening . But I caution you ... he is as ruthless as a Borgia . First Officer 's Log , Stardate 51392 . 7 . Though we 've yet to hear from the Captain and Tuvok , Paris and Neelix have returned from their mission to the southern continent with some disturbing evidence . Who sold you these things ? I didn 't come here to be interrogated . You told me you had a warp coil to trade . I said you could talk with Commander Chakotay . I didn 't say he 'd necessarily do business with you . Well , this is a waste of my time . I agree . There 's the door . What ? Good-bye . Make sure he doesn 't get lost on the way out . No , wait , wait . His name is Tau . He controls the Seventh Province in the North . He sells weapons and technology . Yes . Which he confiscates from passing ships . Yes , using his translocator device . Which he also stole . It 's made him a rich man . There are a few items I 'd like to get back . Where can I find him ? I deal with a go-between . I 've answered enough of your questions . Let 's talk about that warp coil . I 'm looking for something ... You can keep what you 've got . We 'll call it even . This was a waste of my time . Not really . These colors look good on you . Torpedoes , plasma grenades ... particle beam rifles ... I can even get a ceremonial spear if you 're interested . I am not interested . My point is , no matter what the weaponry , if you desire it , chances are I have it . Or I can get it . Your prices are said to be unreasonable . " Unreasonable " is such a strong term . But if I can 't sell to you , I 'll sell to one of the other colonies in your system . A violent sort , your neighbors , aren 't they ? I 'd hate to make your life difficult by offering my weapons to them . But if you don 't give me a choice ... There can be no doubt our computer processor is not in the city . Well , that certainly makes things a little more difficult . Leonardo 's new patron . He 's quite the businessman . We may have no choice but to do business with him . Catarina ! Here are some friends I want you to meet . Try to keep our hologram occupied . But , Captain ... Well , make small talk . Vulcans do not make small talk . Improvise . Thank you . That is very considerate . Catarina , wait a minute ! Mr. Da Vinci , how have you been ? Benissimo . Now if you will pardon me . I wish to speak with you . What about ? About you . You are most intriguing . Ah , grazie . And you , Signore Tuvok , are equally provocative . Where , exactly , are you from ? Scandinavia . So ... what do the Scandinavians think of this New World ? It is ... fascinating . And you are obviously enjoying it . Beyond words . Yes . Italy is already a fading memory . This city is full of mechanical marvels , the countryside alive with creatures strange and wonderful . I 'm curious . How have you spent your time here ? I work ... on my inventions and my art , and I accompany the prince when he goes to visit his great fortresses . Well , this fascinating conversation ... has left me as dry as Vulcan . Vulcan ? An island off Sicily . Have you been there ? No . Pity . We 'll talk later . Good evening . And to you . Enjoying yourself ? Not yet . No ? How can I change that ? By having exactly what I want and selling it to me at a low price . The former 's quite likely , but as for the latter , I don 't sell inexpensive merchandise . I have a client who runs a colony about 20 parsecs from here . His computer is outmoded , so I 'm ... looking for a replacement . A computer that could coordinate the systems of an entire colony . That 's no small order . But I think I might have something that will interest you . Hello , Computer , and how are you today ? All systems are functioning within normal parameters . Verbal interface . Impressive . Computer , tell us your technical specifications . Simultaneous access to 47 million data channels , transluminal processing at 57 5 trillion calculations per nanosecond . Interested ? Operational temperature margins from ten degrees kelvin to 1 , 790 degrees kelvin . I could sell it to you , but I could hardly let it go for anything less than ... a warship . Or we could find something else in your price range . We should be looking for a stronghold or storage facility- - anyplace Tau might keep the stolen technology . There are several possibilities , all within a ten-kilometer radius of the city . I must admit , your Mr. Da Vinci is an astute observer of nature . These maps couldn 't be improved upon by Voyager 's topographical computer . He was a Renaissance man , Tuvok . Interpreted , reinterpreted , deconstructed , fantasized about all through history . Vasari thought he was an angel . Freud thought he had a problem with his mother . James T. Kirk claimed he met him , although the evidence is less than conclusive . Buon giorno , amici . Good morning , Maestro . Did you sleep well ? Too well , I 'm afraid . My apologies , Catarina . The morning is half gone . Nevertheless , the images that come before the eyes upon awakening can be inspiring . Indeed . Catarina , where did I leave my silver-tip pen ? I could swear it was here on ... Captain , we should return to Voyager . With my tricorder readings and Leonardo 's maps , we can use the ship 's sensors to triangulate the exact location of our processor . We 'll work on two fronts . You go back to the ship . I 'll stay on the surface and keep working with Leonardo . He has access to Tau and he knows the territory . Inadvisable . Charming as your childhood hero may be , the program was not designed for use outside the holodeck . This is Leonardo da Vinci we 're talking about . Simulation or not , he 's one of the greatest creative minds in Earth 's history . The program reproduces the entire range of da Vinci 's behavior- - his genius and his notorious unreliability . We have an opportunity here ... and I want to take advantage of it . Tuvok to Voyager . One to beam up . .. table . Where did he go ? Back to the ship . The ship ? You mean , the Portuguese are still in the harbor ? Well ... not exactly ... but they 're nearby . Ah . Mad sea dogs , the Portuguese . So , what 's new ? New ? What 's been happening on the ship ? Nothing of consequence . The Captain and Tuvok are still searching for the processor . What 's the mood ? If you 're referring to the crew morale , they seem focused on their mission . Hmm . I heard there was something of a fuss in the Mess Hall last night . A trivial misunderstanding . Oh ? Well , you seem in excellent health . Most of your implants are stable , but your optical interface is misaligned again . I told you to come in for maintenance once a week . So ... what happened in the Mess Hall ? Lieutenant Torres and I were working on some astrometric data . There was a disagreement . I understand things got a little ... heated . Lieutenant Torres became emotional . She chose to display hostility rather than to counter my argument . What did she say exactly ? It is irrelevant . Suffice it to say , I was correct . She was not . Details , Seven , I want specifics . I see no reason to discuss these trivialities . Without my mobile emitter , I am a prisoner in here . I need to know what is going on beyond these walls , trivial or not . Torres referred to me as an automaton . She also employed a series of profane Klingon insults . Shall I translate them for you ? By all means . I very much ... Tuvok to Seven of Nine . Report to the Astrometrics Lab . You may go . I 'll be right there , Commander . Come back whenever you feel like talking . I 'll be right here ... all by myself . I 'm entering Leonardo 's maps and my tricorder data into the imaging system . I will create a search pattern for our missing processor . Da Vinci has accurately rendered the topographical detail . However , his coordinate axes are pre-Cartesian . You will have to convert them . Understood . It is puzzling that even a Vulcan would refer to a holographic character by name , as if it were alive . It seems somehow ... illogical . Localizing grid . Altitude : 20 kilometers . One of these storage facilities undoubtedly contains the processor . Increase sensor resolution to maximum and scan the area . There . Our computer processor is inside this structure . Unfortunately , the building is surrounded by a dispersion field . Transport will be impossible . If the Captain can get inside the facility and reach the processor itself , she may be able to assist us . If she were to initiate a power surge in the processor , it might produce a signal strong enough for us to lock onto . That is what I was referring to . I will inform the Captain . It 's not too far , across open country . Leonardo says he 's been there , and he can help me get inside . Understood . Stand by for my signal . If I can find the processor , be prepared to beam it back to Voyager . Aye , Captain . Tuvok out . So it 's Captain ? I see you and my hologram are old friends . My engineers have developed a defense against your transporter , so I suggest you return what you took from us and let me go . Or what ? You 're in no position to bargain . The only ones who will bargain will be your crew and it 'll cost them a great deal to get their Captain back . I wonder what you 're worth to them ... He 'll be fine . Let 's move . I 'm not going . You said you 'd help me . I have already gone too far . He was threatening you , I had no alternative . But I must be here when he recovers his senses . I will try to explain . Maybe , if I am lucky , he will not have me executed . We are leaving . Your time here is over . I will not leave this New World ! Your New World is a prison . You are under his control . When are we not in prison ? Hmm ? When are our lives free from the influence of those who have more power than us ? If this New World is a cage , than it is a cage of gold , of marvels- - of opportunities . If this prince is violent , violence can be tempered . But you can 't stay here forever , Leonardo . Europe is your home . Europe is despicable . Here I am free to do what I wish , free from judgment , free to fail- - without a sense of shame , without ... without the taunts of the ignorant . Leonardo , whether you want to admit it or not , they do need you back home . In Florence , Milan , Avignon- - they need your genius , they need your heart and right now , I need you , too . So come on . I will not go ... for Florence or Milan or Avignon ... but for you , Catarina ... for you , I will go . I 've lost the Captain 's combadge signature . Scan for the holo-emitter . It 's 4 . 7 kilometers outside the city . So Leonardo 's on the move . Is the Captain with him ? Her combadge may have malfunctioned . Or she might have been discovered . Should I beam da Vinci back to the ship ? If the Captain is with him and attempting to recover the processor , she may need his assistance . Keep a lock on the mobile emitter and stand by . Aye , sir . Where 's the entrance ? I can 't recall . Why not ? These fortresses- - I 've been to half a dozen of them . All are similar , but each is different . Catarina , observe the construction- - like the veins and arteries of a great animal . Now , this is the way to build- - using nature as your guide . No more lessons . I need to get into this building and I need to get into it now . That is not the way an apprentice should address her master . Maestro , your prince is going to come after us . The only escape is inside . Escape ? We will be trapped inside . No . There is a wondrous invention inside this building . It 's called a computer processor . We can use to send a beacon to ... to the Portuguese ship . And they 'll come and rescue us . Computer ? This invention , how does it work ? Well , it 's complicated ... but trust me when I say it can send messages over great distances . All we have to do is find it and we will be rescued . But the question is : How do we get inside ? Shadow and sunlight . Shadow and sunlight . The prince , like any other thief , will fear theft above all else . So this stronghold will have but one entryway- - on the side facing away from the sun . So the bright light would be in the eyes of anyone who might attack . Esatto . Hmm ... I 'm no longer reading the mobile emitter . They 've gone inside the structure . Commander , they are being pursued . Over 30 armed guards are converging on the storage facility . All available power to the transporters . Let 's try to get them out of there . Even Theseus could not negotiate this labyrinth . Not without a compass . Your compass is speaking to you . This way . A trove of invention . The prince has done well for himself . Phasers ... warp plasma injectors ... a site-to-site transporter . Your computer ? Yes . Computer , do you recognize my voice ? Affirmative . Well , that 's a start . Che bella ! There 's a mechanical woman inside . In a way , yes . Initiate a level-4 induction relay overload . That procedure is not recommended . Command override : Janeway-pi-one-one-zero . Authorization confirmed . Initiating overload . That 's it . And now ? We wait for the Portuguese . Commander , I 'm detecting a power surge in the subspace frequency range . It could be the processor . Lock on . Increase power to the confinement beam . With any luck , we might be able to pull the Captain out of there along with it . Step close , Leonardo . We 're going for a ride . I don 't understand . Trust me . The building is probably surrounded by now . There 's only one way out . Maestro , come here . Catarina , what just happened to me ? I was shot ... yet I live . Such things are not possible . This is an invention from another land . It 's called a site-to-site transporter . In the blink of an eye , it can move us out of this building and a few kilometers away from here . How ? Come on . I must have an explanation . Leonardo , you 've always said that it 's a poor apprentice who can 't surpass her master . There are things in this world that I understand , and you don 't . Madonna mia . The processor is on board . The Captain ? Still on the planet . Commander . 13 vessels are approaching Voyager from the surface . Tom , take us into a higher orbit . Bridge to Torres . I want that processor back on line . We 've still got a Captain done there . Acknowledged . I cannot believe it . I will not believe it . My mind cannot accept the evidence of my eyes . Is this sorcery ? Are we in purgatory ? Neither . You said yourself this place was full of marvels . Marvels , yes , but this is magic- - enchantment , not science . And I refuse to believe in enchantment . I 'll explain later . We 've got to keep moving . No ! I must understand . Catarina ... to see objects disappear into thin air ... to see lightning pass through my body ... Are we spirits ? Catarina ... am I dead ? Let me ask you something . If you were something other than a human being ... if you were a different kind of animal ... if you were a small bird , a sparrow ... what would your world be like ? I should make my home in a tree in the branch of an elm . I should hunt insects for food , straw for my nest and in the springtime , I should sing for a companion . Then you would know nothing of the politics of Florence ? The cutting of marble , or mathematics ? Of course not . But why not ? My mind would be too small . As a sparrow , your mind would be too small even with the best of teachers ? If Aristotle himself were to perch on my branch and lecture till he fell off from exhaustion ... still the limits of my mind would prevent me from understanding . And as a man , can you accept that there may be certain realities beyond the limits of your comprehension ? If I could not accept that ... then I would be a fool . Spread out ! You ... Come on . Catarina , this way , up the hill . I know just the escape . Torres to Bridge . We 're in business . We 've got full navigation ... full propulsion and full transporters . Good work B 'Elanna . Sensors show the Captain and da Vinci have left the structure . If we could dip into a lower orbit , I should be able to lock on to the mobile emitter . Set the confinement beam wide and prepare to transport both of them back to the ship . How close do we have to be ? At least 500 kilometers from the surface . Those ships will try to block our descent . Ready for some fancy flying ? You bet . Momento , Catarina . Escape , signorina , is very near . I 'm starting to wonder . Where are you , Chakotay ? Help me to the summit . We 're at 1 , 000 kilometers . 950 ... 900 . The ships are powering weapons . Go to Red Alert . Shields are holding . 850 kilometers . Evasive maneuvers . When Petrarch climbed Mount Verdoun and saw all Europe below him , he knew he was witnessing the birth of a new age . He was witnessing the Renaissance- - the rebirth of our world . So , Catarina , at this summit here , you and I will be reborn . Reborn ... with wings . This could be a problem . Hurry , there 's not much time . Sir , they seem to be on the edge of precipice , but we 're still too high for transport . You 've made some improvements . I took your advice after the last attempt and increased the reach of the wings . And the angle of attack ? Yes , yes , that , too . Unfortunately , the River Arno is quite absent . This time , if we fail , only the stones will break our fall . The wing is stationary , that 's good . This looks like duranium alloy . It should be light enough . Catarina , this time it will work . Let 's find out . I 'm reading weapons fire on the surface near the Captain 's position . We 're running out of time , sir . 700 kilometers . Hold on , Kathryn , just a few more seconds . - Together ... up . - Andiamo . Catarina , we 're flying ! - Like the birds ! - Like the birds ! I have a fix on the Captain . They are ... in mid-air on what appears to be a crude gliding apparatus . 500 kilometers ! I 'm locking on . Broad confinement beam . Energize . Got them ! I beamed the whole contraption into Cargo Bay 1 . Get us out of here , Mr. Paris . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51408 . 3 . We 're back on course to the Alpha Quadrant . With the ship 's computer and the Doctor 's emitter returned to proper places , I 've set aside some time to check on the Maestro . Leonardo , where are you going ? France . These Florentines do not deserve my genius . I have written to the king of France , telling him of my adventures in the New World and invited him to soar with me off the towers of his castle . Are you sure that 's a good idea ? Why not ? We ourselves have tested the design . But the materials ... you 'll never find those metals in France . No ? Then others will suffice . Machines that fly through the air ! Lightning flung from one 's hands ! Mechanical women who live in boxes ! These things I have seen ! And these things I must recreate . And who knows ? Possibly improve upon . Leonardo , I think that little flight of ours went to your head . And my heart . My oldest memory , Catarina , is of a great bird perched on my bed , its feathers open towards me as if summoning me . Now , you yourself have accused me of giving up , of , uh , failing to complete my project . I was trying to encourage ... No , no . You were right . All my life I have wanted to fly . Perhaps my failure to do so has caused my heart to remain in flight . Leaping from one thing to another . Never satisfied . Never complete . And now that you 've actually flown ? Now , who knows what I cannot accomplish . I 'd like to find out . Give my regards to the king of France . Catarina , will you walk with me to my carriage ? It would be my pleasure .
