 When the Captain told us to start collecting deuterium , Seven suggested a series of modifications to the Bussard collectors . Problem is , I didn 't realize the extent of the modifications until after we 'd begun the sweep- - I mean , not that there was anything wrong with them . In fact , efficiency is up 23 percent . In a nutshell , Harry . The collectors are almost full , but I can 't tell exactly how full until I realign my sensors with Seven 's . Why didn 't you just say so ? Next time , work closer with her from the start . Closer . Right . So , you 're going to realign your sensors with Seven 's . Sounds like fun . Very funny . What was that ? Are you getting feedback from Seven 's modifications ? Negative . Report . I am picking up proton surges just outside the ship . The first was off the port beam , and the second two were off the starboard bow . On screen . There 's nothing out there . Whatever it is , it 's getting closer . Red Alert . Janeway to Astrometrics . Yes , Captain . Use the astrometric sensors to scan for the disturbance . I 'm detecting close-range weapons fire . Source ? Proton surges suggest two cloaked ships engaged in battle . With us caught in the middle . Evasive maneuvers . Aye , sir . There 's a massive power surge- - like one of the ships is exploding . Captain , there is one life sign aboard that vessel . It is no longer on our sensors . We 're being hailed- - audio only . Let 's hear it . Chakotay , please , I need your help . Chakotay , are you reading me ? Please answer . This is Commander Chakotay . Who are you ? Please , anyone on Voyager , if you can hear me , I need help . There has been an explosion on the vessel . The hull is destabilizing . Life support is off-line . Beam her directly to Sick Bay . Targeting her coordinates . I 've lost her . Trying again . I don 't understand . I get a clear lock ; then it drops out . If we can get an away team over there , we could stabilize her ship and tractor it in . Do it . Tom , Tuvok , let 's find out what 's going on . Environmental systems are not functioning . Oxygen levels are dangerously low . Tom ... try to get life support on line . No life signs . See if you can stabilize the hull . I 'll look for the pilot . Hello ? Can you hear me ? Chakotay , is it you ? Yes . I 'm going to get this bulkhead off you . But the beam will fall . I 'm going to pry the bulkhead off you . When I say " now , " get ready to roll out of there like your life depended on it . All right . Ready ? Yes . Now ! I knew you 'd come . Do I know you ? Chakotay to Voyager . Two to beam directly to Sick Bay . How is she ? I 'm not certain . When I scan her , the readings won 't stay in the database . Luckily , I 'm a master of visual diagnosis . She has a minor concussion and a compound tibular fracture- - nothing life-threatening . I can repair the damage . Did you find out how she knows you ? Not yet . No . I can 't . She 's coming around . Don 't be frightened . You 're quite safe here . Captain ... please ... I need asylum . You must let me stay on your ship and we 've got to get away from here . They 'll be coming after me . Slow down a minute . I have a few questions first . Who are you ? And how do you know my First Officer ? It 's a complicated story . I 'm not ... I 'm not sure ... quite how to begin . But if you don 't give me asylum , they 're going to track me down and they 're going to take me back . And I don 't want to go . We won 't turn you over to anyone without knowing the whole story . Thank you . Chakotay . I want you to stay with her . She seems to trust you . Maybe you 'll be able to find out what this is all about . I hope so . Keep me informed . Once I 've repaired the fracture , she 'll need some bed rest . Will you stay with me ? Of course . Then I 'll be fine . There . That should do it . I 'd ask you to monitor her vital signs , but since they aren 't registering , I suppose there 's no point . Well ... I have several days ' worth of inoculation records to catalog . I suppose I 'll get to it . Is he gone ? Yes . Then we 're alone . In a manner of speaking . Can you start clearing up a few things now ? I 'll try . It 's complicated . You see ... we 've met before . If that were true , I 'm sure I 'd remember . No , you wouldn 't . You couldn 't . You see , the memories of my people can 't be held in the minds of other races . When we encounter others , which we do ... infrequently , they remember us for a few hours ... but then the memories fade away . We 're completely forgotten by the next day . Is this done through technology ? Telepathy ? It 's a factor of our biology . You see , our bodies produce a sort of pheromone , which blocks the long-term memory engrams of others . Is that why the tricorder can 't scan you ? Why we couldn 't get a transporter lock ? We 're impervious to those sort of devices . Your ships are cloaked as well . When you live a covert existence , you develop technology to enhance it . But you say we 've met before . About a month ago . I spent several weeks here . Several weeks ? You and I worked closely together . You helped me a great deal . Then I left ... knowing that you would forget everything about me . Then why did you come back ? Why the battle ? Why ask us for asylum ? I know you want everything in a nutshell . That 's the way you work . But I have to tell you the whole story before it will make sense . Fine . I 'm listening . I came back ... because I fell in love with you . She comes from Ramura . It 's a closed society that won 't tolerate anybody trying to leave . Apparently , she was disenchanted with that and wanted out . They 're trying to bring her back . That 's why she 's asking for asylum . But you say that she claims she was on Voyager before this . About a month ago . She says she 's a " tracer " - - a kind of bounty hunter who tracks down people who try to leave their world . She found a runaway hiding on Voyager . She was here , but nobody remembers it ? That 's what she says , but I think we have to find a way to verify her story . I was looking at her ship . It uses a sophisticated polarization technique that causes our sensor scans to pass right through it . She could have been shadowing us for quite a while . And learned enough about us to convince us she 's been here before . But why ? Why go to that trouble ? What about the battle with that other cloaked ship ? She put herself in danger when it would have been a lot easier simply to ask for asylum . I agree ... but I think we have to make sure she doesn 't have some hidden agenda . If she was here , there should be some evidence of it . She said a computer virus was planted to wipe all references to her being here , but I have to believe we can at least turn up some evidence of tampering . Harry , Tuvok . Tom , do the same with her ship . See if the navigational logs support what she 's saying . Gentlemen . I agree we should take precautions , but you seem very suspicious of her . I want to make sure we 're not being manipulated . I agree . If we grant her asylum , we 'll be in the position of having to protect her . If we 're going to commit to that , we should certainly find out if she 's telling the truth . I 'd appreciate your thoughts on that . Aye , Captain . I have successfully downloaded the navigational logs from your vessel . Good . Now , compare them with your own logs over the last two months . Display Voyager 's route toward the Alpha Quadrant . Now overlay my route . There , you see ? Our ships traveled together for at least two weeks . You could have falsified your navigational logs . There is no proof that you ever came aboard Voyager . That 's what I always liked about you two- - such unyielding logic , such refreshing skepticism . Run a diagnostic on my logs . You 'll find they haven 't been altered . How 's it going ? Her story seems to be legitimate , but there are further steps to take . Then take them . I thought you might like to get something to eat- - unless your memories of our Mess Hall aren 't good . As a matter of fact , I was quite fond of Neelix 's food . Now , that 's something that 's hard to believe . Commander Chakotay 's face became flushed as he spoke with her . What does that signify ? I 'd rather not engage in speculation . It is a dangerous pastime . I think our guest will enjoy this , Commander- - uh , fried soy meal , buttered carrots and a delightful almond pudding . Sounds wonderful . Very nice . Thanks , Neelix . You were very diplomatic . Why do you say that ? You hate carrots ; fried food upsets your stomach ; and you refuse to eat pudding because you think it 's slimy . Right ? I 'm curious . When you were here before , you said we worked together , but you also said you were here to retrieve a runaway . How was I involved ? Aren 't you more curious to hear about how we fell in love ? " We " ? You said you were in love with me . You didn 't say I felt the same way . If you hadn 't returned the feelings , do you really think I would have taken such a terrible risk to get back to you ? Let 's take it one step at a time . How did you get on our ship ? That was easy . The hard part was looking for the runaway without anyone finding me . I managed two days on the ship before I triggered an intruder alert and lost my cloak . And then what happened ? And then I met you . Wrong direction . I don 't want to hurt you . Put your weapon down . On my ship , I give the orders . Put yours down . I don 't mean you any harm . You have a stowaway on board . I 'll retrieve him , and we 'll be on our way . That 's not the way we do things here . Chakotay to Tuvok . I 'm in Cargo Bay 2 . I have our intruder . Understood , Commander . You 're about to find yourself outnumbered . If you want to give me your weapon and explain what 's going on , I 'll listen . I felt an attraction right away , but I couldn 't afford to get distracted . I had work to do . And I didn 't know if you felt it , too . What happened next ? You took me to Captain Janeway . I explained the situation . She didn 't like the idea of a stowaway on her ship , so she told you and Tuvok to work with me to flush him out . And did we ? You keep trying to jump to the end . You 're skipping all the parts about us . And you keep trying to talk about your feelings . I 'd rather you stick to the events , not the emotions surrounding them . Why ? Does it make you uncomfortable ? I don 't want to play this game . I 've been assigned to talk to you- - to figure out whether or not you 're telling the truth . Even if you are , I have no memory of meeting you and I certainly have no memory of feeling anything for you . You might remember a relationship between us , but as far as I 'm concerned ... it didn 't exist . I see . I 'm sorry . I just want to make it clear how I feel . Of course . Is there anything I can do for you ? Can I have your pudding ? Gladly . Then you 're forgiven . Chakotay and Kellin , report to the Bridge immediately . It 's the tracers . They 've found me . We don 't detect any ships . I 'm assuming these are your people in cloaked vessels . They 've come to take me back . Harry , hail them . They won 't answer . She 's right , Captain . No response . Their weapons are going through our shields as if they weren 't there . Match shields to the frequency of their particle beams . No effect . Shield strength down to 29 percent . They 'll keep firing until you surrender or until I contact them and agree to come back . Do you still want to stay with us ? Yes . All right . Tom , get us out of here . That last volley damaged our propulsion systems . We have thrusters only . Captain , if you 'll let me have access to your sensor systems , I can modify them to detect the ships . Do it . This is the moment , Chakotay . Either we give her up or we fire back . Which one is it ? Fire . I think you might be able to detect them now , but only for a minute or two . Harry . Affirmative . Two heavily armed ships off the port bow . Can we get them on screen ? That 's the best I can do . Tuvok . target their weapon systems . Firing . Well done . Stand down Red Alert . Well , it seems we 've granted you asylum . Now you 'll have to give some thought to what you want to do . I 'd prefer to remain on board . Consider that carefully . We 're heading for the Alpha Quadrant . Before long , we will be so far from your world that if you change your mind , you wouldn 't be able to get back . I won 't change my mind , but I must warn you- - the tracers won 't give up that easily . Your ship is still at risk . Nothing we haven 't faced before . I was only able to make a temporary modification to your sensors . If you 'd let me access your astrometric processors , I could make that modification permanent . You 'll need a command officer with you to override the security lockouts . I can do that , Captain . Go ahead . Tom , coordinate with Engineering to get the propulsion systems back on line . I 'm on it , Captain . We 'll have to climb up to Deck 10 . Is something wrong ? I can 't relax until we 're far enough away that they realize they can 't get me back ... and to my knowledge , that 's never happened before . There 's always a first time . I have a high security clearance . They 'll be afraid I 'm going to do exactly what I 'm about to do- - show you how to detect them . Look at it this way . If they do figure out we can spot them , they might realize they aren 't going to be able to take you back . You 're such a kind person . That 's what I remembered most . It 's what made me turn around and come back . And sometime ... you might be interested in ... hearing about our last night together . Evening , Commander . Craving a late-night snack ? No . Something to help me sleep . Got any ideas ? I know humans think warm milk will do it . Frankly , I find it repulsive . I agree . What 's available in the tea area ? Herbal is best . I have several Terran varieties , uh ... as well as some more exotic blends . Just mix me up whatever you think is the most relaxing . Problems ? Forgive me . I wasn 't trying to pry . I know that . I 'm just not sure how to answer you . How 's our guest adapting to life on Voyager ? Quite well , I think . She must be happy to be here . I 'm sure she is . Forgive me , Commander ... but sometimes it 's best to be straightforward . It 's obvious how she feels about you- - to me , at least . I see how she looks at you . Might that be the source of your consternation ? She says she , or rather we fell in love when she was here before . Since I can 't remember any of that , I don 't know if it 's true , but somehow , it 's hard to believe . Why is that ? I don 't know . It just doesn 't seem like me . I 'm still suspicious of her . I don 't know if she 's using me in some way just for her own purposes . You don 't trust her . Not really . May I suggest ... that maybe it 's yourself you don 't trust ? Your own feelings that you 're afraid of ? Sweet dreams . I couldn 't sleep . I need to talk to you . May I come in ? I was just wondering if you still had doubts about me or if you believe what I told you about us . Your story seems to have been verified . I believe you 're telling the truth . And the rest of it ? What about us ? I 'm not one to hold back , as you may have noticed , so I 'll get to the point . I came here because of you . I knew you wouldn 't remember me , but I was sure we could regain the feelings we had before . They were there ... and they were real ... but now I 'm not so sure . My being here puts this ship at risk . It 's better for everyone if I go back to Ramura . So please be honest . If you feel nothing for me ... just tell me ... and I 'll leave . Don 't go . It 's called " ice cream " ? I 'm surprised you didn 't have any the last time you were here . I could eat this every day . Then you should . Voyager 's a very ... powerful ship . And very fast . We 've met people with ships that are faster and more powerful , but Voyager 's always managed to be a match for the best of them . Ramuran vessels are fast . They could stay up with this ship . Kellin ... we 'll keep you safe . That 's a promise . A tracer never goes home empty-handed . The disgrace would be too great . When I was here before , I 'd been tracking that man for almost a year . But you know all the tricks . You can use them against anyone who tries to come after you . You said you were going to tell me about our last night together . Let me show you . You were sitting here in this chair ... and I ... was here . And we were drinking something with bubbles . Champagne ? Yes . I wanted to celebrate . I 'd caught my runaway that day with your help . How was that ? You came up with the idea of using a magneton sweep to disrupt his polarization cloak . We knew he 'd be watching me closely , so ... we tricked him . I 'm sorry you didn 't get your fugitive . He must have jumped to another ship while Voyager was in orbit of Mikah last week . I 'll find him eventually . If you think we could be of any more help , let me know . Thank you , Commander . This is my problem . I 'll handle it from now on . Just beam me back to my ship and I 'll backtrack to Mikah . Good-bye , and thank you again . Ready to energize . Hello , Resket . You were a real challenge . I haven 't had the chance to welcome you to Voyager . Too bad you 'll be leaving so soon . We put him in the brig . Once I used the neurolytic emitter on him , he was only too happy to be going home again . Neurolytic emitter . We use it on runaways . It wipes their memories of the outside world . So we were celebrating ... ? You 'd become much more than a friend to me , but I knew I had to go home , and you 'd forget about me within hours . So I took the initiative . More than usual ? Oh , yes . I moved closer to you ... I thanked you profusely for all your help , told you that I couldn 't have done it without you ... and I touched you . I told you I ... I cared very much for you ... and that I wanted something to remember you by . And then I did this . That 's when I knew you felt the same way . But it didn 't matter because I still had to go . But now you don 't . If Kellin 's going to be with us , the Captain wants her to serve a function- - to contribute in some way . A reasonable expectation . What are her skills ? Basically , she was a security operative for her people . She 's a trained expert in weaponry , surveillance , fighting skills . Any idea where she might fit in ? Mr. Neelix could use an assistant in the Mess Hall . Tuvok , that was a joke . Don 't deny it- - you were trying to be funny . If you choose to interpret my remark as humorous , that is your decision . I do and it was . It 's perfectly logical . All the qualities you mentioned would help in defending Neelix against the periodic wrath of the crew . Maybe so , but don 't you think she 'd be better off as a member of your security detail ? Perhaps . I 'll assign her to a team and let her observe for a week . At the end of that time , I 'll evaluate her situation . Good enough . Commander , I 've been giving some thought to the fact that the Ramuran ships might be in pursuit and could attack us again . I 've given that some thought myself . Their proton weapons were particularly effective against us . If Kellin would work with Seven and Ensign Kim , perhaps we could devise a strategy to defend ourselves . I 'm sure she 'd be happy to do that . Have her report to Astrometrics at 1300 hours . I 've downloaded data from our tactical logs . You can access it from this console . Our weapons are proton - based particle beams , very tightly focused . It 's like being hit with thousands of needles . They can penetrate any shield even if the modulations are changed . Very clever . No defense has ever stopped these weapons . Then maybe we 're about to make history . You 've found a way to counteract them ? I think so . The trick is to scatter those beams a little , make it harder for them to penetrate the shields . I think we could do that by tying the baryon sensors into Deflector Control . Here 's what I have in mind . Why don 't you look this over and let me know what you think ? I 'll do it right away . By the way , I hear Chakotay recommended you to Tuvok to serve on a security detail . I want to help out in some way . A word of advice . Volunteer for Beta Squad ; they 're the best team . You 'll learn a lot from them . I will . Thank you . When you mentioned Commander Chakotay 's name , she flushed . He did the same when he saw her . What are you saying ? I suspect the Commander and Kellin are engaged in a courtship ritual . It seems an unnecessary and complicated precursor to the act of procreation . I know you think so , but trust me , some people need those rituals . Explain . It 's ... it 's usually considered a good idea if two people get to know each other a little before they become ... intimate . Why is that ? Because it 's more comfortable . Uh , you spend some time together , you laugh , you talk . That makes it easier to ... to get closer . But the end result is the same , is it not ? Well , I guess so . Then I fail to see what is accomplished by all the talk . Seven , if you don 't get it , then I can 't explain it to you . Obviously . I should have known . They must have gotten somebody on board during the battle . You 're jumping to conclusions . No . There 's a tracer . He 's here , he 's come for me . That broken vase was a warning . We 'll protect you . I 'm not going to let anything happen to you . - It 's too late . - No ! We can use the same magneton sweep we used to flush out Resket . We 'll find this one and send him on his way . I 'm afraid I can 't let that happen . Curneth , don 't . Chakotay to Security . Intruder alert , my quarters . Please , I beg you , don 't do this . You know better than to ask that , Kellin . No ! Drop it ! Drop it ! You 're too late . She 's already beginning to forget everything that 's happened here . The Doctor says there 's nothing he can do . Your recent memories have already begun to fade . Don 't let this happen , please . Don 't let this happen . Do you have any idea how we can reverse the effect ? Promise me ... if I forget why I 'm here , if I forget you ... do what I did ... and you 'll tell me all about us ... and you 'll help me to remember . I will , but I 'm going to try to do more than that . Can the effects of the neurolytic emitter be reversed ? Reversed ? I have no idea . As far as I know , no one 's ever tried . Then I 'll be the first . Tell me how the emitter works- - how it affects the memory centers . You sound desperate , Commander . Does Kellin mean that much to you ? What you 're doing is wrong . She wants to stay here . This is futile . Even if I knew how the emitter works , I wouldn 't tell you . You have no right to do this . I have every right . The laws on our world are very specific about that . No one may leave . No one may reveal anything about us to the outside world . Kellin has violated both of those edicts . Returning her will serve as a deterrent to others who might think of leaving . Did it ever occur to you that the fact that so many people want to leave might mean that there 's something wrong with your society ? We have a strong and cohesive society because of our efforts to keep it that way . A few runaways among millions hardly indicates a problem . If there are so few ... why not let them go ? That would suggest that we don 't care about them . What a terrible message . You may have wiped her memory , but Kellin 's not going back . Maybe we should wait and see if that 's what happens . She made it clear to me that she wants to stay here . So maybe you should start practicing what you 're going to tell your superiors . Yes ? The Doctor told me he 'd released you . How are you feeling ? I 'm fine . Do I know you ? Yes . At least , you did . You 'll have to forgive me , but I don 't remember how I got here or anything else that 's happened in at least the past few weeks . I know . I hope I wasn 't throwing things in a fit of rage . No . I assume a tracer is here to take me back . That 's right . But ... what I 'm going to say will sound strange ... but it 's what you asked me to do before you lost your memories . You came here about a month ago looking for a runaway . After you left with him , you decided to come back . But if I finished my assignment , why would I come back here ? Because ... you 'd fallen in love with me . Forgive me . You 're ... certainly attractive , but ... what you 're telling me seems very unlikely . But it 's what happened . We started to work together ... and I began to realize how unique you are . Before long , I couldn 't get you out of my mind . Are you saying that you fell in love with me as well ? Yes . And then we realized the tracer was on board . After he used the emitter on you , you made me promise to tell you all of this , so you would know what happened between us . This is ... a little unsettling . What is it you want from me ? Kellin ... don 't go back with the tracer . Stay here for a while , at least for a few days . We can get to know each other again . I honestly can 't imagine what would be served by that . I have to go home . If you stayed ... you might change your mind . Then that 's all the more reason that I should leave now . I 've violated one of our most important edicts ... and I wouldn 't want to make that mistake again . I wish ... I wish we had met under different circumstances . Your ship 's ready . Thank you , Commander . I 've implanted a computer virus to eliminate any reference to our being here . By tomorrow afternoon , you 'll have forgotten everything . It will be as though we never existed . It 's better that way . You 're such a kind person . I won 't forget that . I wish you both the best . Energize . First Officer 's Personal Log , Stardate 51813 . 4 . Maybe it would be best , as the tracer said , to forget about Kellin and the time she spent here , but I don 't want to do that . I want to remember . More coffee , Commander ? No , thanks . I 'm almost done . Strange to see you using those ancient writing implements . Ah , it 's the only way I could get a permanent record of what 's happened in the last few days . I want to get it down before I forget it all . I 'm sorry things didn 't work out for you . I 've been trying to make sense of it . I fell in love with her twice . I thought she could do the same . We were the same two people on the same ship . Why didn 't it happen again ? I keep going over and over our last conversation , trying to think if there was something I could have said , could have done ... but nothing comes to mind . Commander , I don 't think you can analyze love . It 's the greatest mystery of all . No one knows why it happens or doesn 't . Love is a chance combination of elements . Any one thing might be enough to keep it from igniting- - a mood , a glance ... a remark . And if we could define love ... predict it ... it would probably lose its power . I 'll let you finish . Good night .
