 When I was a child ... I remember seeing a big rainbow over the river Go away ! At that time my mother told me " A rainbow is the door to heaven When people die they go to heaven through that door " When I was a child my father passed away And my mother went abroad I wanted my mom to remarry but she didn 't want to My name is Ji-hae and my blood type is O And since I was seven I learned taekwondo Are you okay ? This box contains my parents ' letters and diaries Every time my mother read the letters , she wept The refined letters and the scent of the past ... My mom 's first love is in here Hello ? Ji-hae ? It 's me , Soo-gyung Why are you calling so early ? Wanna go to the art museum and a play with me and Sang-min ? Hey , are you making me tag along ? No , dummy ! Sang-min asked you to come Really ? - I 'm serious - I got to know Sang-min through Soo-gyung She one day asked me to write e-mails to Sang-min For two months , I wrote letters to him for Soo-gyung Today , I saw you reading a book by the bench It looked like a picture in a postcard That 's childish Rewrite it ? No , I like it I like it being childish If you still want to marry I 'll give you a curse for a dowry Sang-min , I sent you a letter without missing a day Afterwards , Soo-gyung signed up for theater So that she could get close to him Good-bye If you still want to marry marry an idiot instead The night stained with pain kept me awake ... The gloomy moonlight has unexpectedly made your shadow suspend on my window No , that 's not it ! The gloomy moonlight has unexpectedly made your shadow suspend on my window Jordan is touched when Emily comes back to see him You have to feel both happy and heartbroken Do it with more feeling ! When I look at him I feel breathless But he never once looked at me I 'll put a spell on him Look back ! Look back ! Look back ! Hey ! Music When I saw you for the first time you already stole my heart But now that you came to me I feel like we 'll be together forever Good My heart is yours forever He doesn 't make a lot of gesture Isn 't Sang-min fantastic ? I love guys who are into their work Saw him ? " No , that 's not it ! " The gloomy moonlight has unexpectedly made your shadow suspend on my window Talking about me ? It 's nothing , Sang-min You know Ji-hae , right ? She was with me when I first came here Right , it 's been a while Yes ... Hello A lot of girls like him Notjust Soo-gyung Even the woman working at the student 's hall likes him Sung Joo-hee Yoon Tae-soo Oh Joon-ha ? " When I opened the window this morning the romantic breeze signaled autumn coming I 'll put that wind in the letter and send it to you " Romantic breeze ? That 's so cliche I guess I 'll look at it as a classic Oh Joon-ha ! Tae-soo came to me all of sudden whom I 've never talked to Please write me a letter He heard the rumor that I write for others Tae-soo is a friend who grew no less than 36 centimeters during the winter vacation To who ? To my fiancee Fiancee ? She 's my dad 's friend 's daughter They set us up on their own You 're lucky You don 't have to ask girls out on dates I 'm sick of it I 'm not the type to date one girl If she mails me he wants to check it He wants to know everything He acts just like a FBI agent Oh no She 's pretty , huh ? But since she 's a congressman 's daughter she 'll be shallow Drive ! Drive ! You let them slip out between your legs City boys are slow Suwon isn 't a city , Seoul is Oh Suwon ... But we have a city hall You catch them and I 'll draw them Look carefully , idiot Let 's go What are you doing ? She 's Old SUNG 's granddaughter I heard she 's from Suwon - Wait , you 're from Suwon , right ? - Yeah We can never dream of having her Old SUNG 's son is a congressman So she 's a congressman 's daughter Then is she a congressman 's son , idiot ? - Oh ... She 's ... - She 's waving - Let 's wave back ! Hey , wave ! - Hello ! - Hi ! I found one ! Let me see ! Let 's see It stinks I got one It 's a big one It sure ate a lot of cow shit It 's a beetle A beetle ? But I 've never seen one Do you want this ? You wanna bet ? It 's cow shit , it 's dirty Have you seen the haunted house across the river ? What ? Yes Can you take me there ? Yes Do you know how to row ? Sure Then let 's meet at the ferry at twelve tomorrow , okay ? - What did you say to her ? - She said something ... City boys are surely different Hey , teach me how to row ! You 'll teach me , right ? Grandpa told me a lot about it but forbid me to go It 's strict where ever I go I really wanted to go , but I had no one to take me If I ask the people here then they 'll tell my Grandpa right away But the boat isn 't moving Gosh ! To be honest this is my first time rowing My name is Oh Joon-ha Oh my , I forgot to introduce myself I 'm Sung Joo-hee You 're from Suwon ? Yes I 'm from Suwon , too I came here to visit my Uncle Really ? What a coincidence Or maybe fate ? - Pardon ? - Oh , nothing Is there ... really a ghost ? Have you seen ... a ghost before ? Of course Every day What ? In the mirror Actually , I 'm a ghost Stop it - Are you okay ? - Yes I think I sprained my ankle Get on my back Hurry and get on my back It 's a shower It 'll stop soon Dry yourself with this When the rain stops we 'll go along the river Then we 'll reach the ferry Although it 's a bit far I 'm heavy , huh ? Nope You 're not heavy at all But I weigh a lot And I eat a lot , too Don 't worry I can carry you on my back and go anywhere ! You 're lying I 'm not lying Yes , you are No , I 'm not I caught it Open your hands Hold the firefly for a moment You gave me a firefly and carried me But this is all that I can give you in return Please give me the firefly Thanks for today She was sick for a few days and left for a big hospital in Seoul After her mother died she got really sick But when she came back from the countryside I heard she got healthier and looked happier It 's done Let me see It was painful to write the letters for Tae-soo Because of her I had a lot to tell her myself It 's great Can I thank you by showing you my specialty ? Yes Wait a sec You have to open your mouth When we close our mouths people will think we faked it Watch carefully Know what song this is ? " Moonlight of Shilla " ? You punks ! Why haven 't you finished your chores ? Are you bastards playing hookie ? I 'll check later so make it spotless ! And what 's this smell ? Did someone take a shit here ? Joon-ha ! Oh Joon-ha ! Oh Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Oh Joon-ha ! Are you crazy to scream in a library ? Look , it 's an invitation Is everyone here Oh Joon-ha ? Nosey bastards Thank you Next is sophomore Sung Joo-hee She will play Beethoven 's Sonata 8 on the piano Welcome with warm applause Joo-hee , you must be hungry I bet you 're hungry - Thank you - Congratulations Is your ankle better ? Yes And your cold ? Yes I was very worried about you And I enjoyed your performance I have to practice more Everyone 's waiting I snuck out I still have the firefly It 's in good health , like me Hi Sorry , I 'm late Mmm ... Hi , Ji-hae Sang-min , I won We made a bet I bet you 'd come and Sang-min bet you wouldn 't You have to treat dinner Okay , I will What are you looking at ? I have to go Why are you going so early ? Sang-min is treating us to dinner Three 's a crowd You bad girl You 're too smart Sang-min ! Ji-hae said she 's leaving But you should eat with us And we can talk about the play , too Ji-hae never changes her mind Right , Ji-hae ? Right See ? That 's too bad It would 've been nice if you came Ever seen Sang-min treat anyone like this ? He 's doing this because you 're my friend He 's just being nice so you can go , It 's okay Wait ! I bought presents today I also got you one , so you wouldn 't feel alone I bet you won 't be able to sleep tonight This isn 't like Sang-min It 's because you 're a good friend If it wasn 't for me you 'd never get this Pick one Ji-hae ! Ji-hae ... I like your present better It 's okay to switch , right ? Bye ! " When the sun shines on the sea , I think of you When the dim moonlight is on the spring I think of you " Really ? Is that what it says ? Gee ! Oh my gosh Sang-min must really like me a lot You have to give it to me tomorrow , okay ? Okay I have no reason to see him anymore He wants to be with Soo-gyung now When the sun shines on the sea ... When the dim moonlight is on the spring ... Are you done ? Wait a little longer Hand in your manure in an envelope after lunch - Got it ? - Yes , sir Those who didn 't bring it hurry and go take a shit ! Got it ? Let 's get together ! One ! Two ! One ! Two ! One ! Two ! Joon-ha I 'll close my eyes and run so you guide me , okay ? I 'm really closing them Okay Joon-ha Wanna come with me to learn the folk dance after class ? folk ? I 'm gonna meet Joo-hee there It 's my dad and his friend 's idea They want us to meet at a healthy recreation A lot of girls will be there so you pick one up - Gonna come , right ? - I don 't know Tae-soo ! Joo-hee , this is my friend Oh Joon-ha She 's the one I told you about I 'm Oh Joon-ha Nice to meet you Hello Are you two friends ? Know each other ? No , we don 't He 's my best friend This is my friend , Na-hee Hi , I 'm Na Na-hee - I 'm YOON Tae-soo - I 'm Oh Joon-ha Everyone please have a seat Come on ! Anywhere is fine Today I will teach you the folk dance - Sounds fun , right ? - Yes Folk Dance is ... I missed you Me , too I didn 't know you were Tae-soo 's friend I want to be a woman anchor So I always practice my speech Can you do this ? Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers Did I do okay ? I can do it faster Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers Shall I do it faster ? Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers Give it a try Peter Piper a pecked of peppers pickled ... You 'll need a lot of practice Repeat precisely after me Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers We should split up now I 'll take Joo-hee home so you take care of Na-hee Okay ? See you later I had fun Good night Bye , Joo-hee Good night What are you doing ? Let 's get going Joon-ha then try something easier Try this She sells seashells by the seashore Easy , huh ? Give it a try Pardon ? I said give it a try Give what a try ? She sells seashells by the seashore Give this a try I can 't Please don 't ask me to You can 't do this ? She sells seashells by the seashore It 's easy She sells seashells by the seashore - Have a good ... - Yes ... Good-bye The card I should 've known there 'd be a card for me Ji-hae ? Oh , hello Where are you headed ? To the library That far ? It 's not far I won 't get so wet if I stop at each building Then I 'll take you there With my special umbrella Think of that building as a shed and run One , Two , Three ! How are you ? Thanks so much But you 're soaked I was going to get wet anyway I should be going Thanks again - Okay , I 'll see you later - OK ! I didn 't think we 'd meet again But why does the library have to be so close ? She hasn 't mailed me back yet - Joo-hee ? - Yeah - Why not ? - I don 't know I 'm not the type to fall in love with one girl But I must really like her Tae-soo ! Tae-soo ! Tae-soo ? Hi What are you doing here ? I was waiting for you Please take these flowers I like you , Joo-hee Please write to me It 's so strange Is it because I 'm too tall ? Why do I keep fainting ? I 'm out of breath It 's because of Tae-soo , right ? What do you think I should do ? Tell me Tae-soo is a rotten bastard No , Tae-soo is nice He 's a rotten bastard because he 's too nice Tae-soo is waiting for your letter There 's no hope There 's nothing we can do for us Don 't say that There 's a way No , there 's nothing more we can do Nothing We 'll only get hurt It 'll work out I won 't see neither you nor Tae-soo anymore I 'm serious I won 't see anyone Hey , limousine boy ! Come here Limousine boy ! forgot to bow ? So you don 't wanna bow is that it ? If you have a chauffeur you don 't have to bow , huh ? Your badge is upside down and your shirt 's unbuttoned Fine , today I 'll give you the worst beating ever I 'm gonna beat you all starting from the left The first one gets hit once the second one gets hit twice From the third shout out your turn
