 - Got it ? - Yes , sir - You sissies , I can 't hear you ! - Yes , sir ! Seven Stay still ! - Ouch , my back - Stay still , or I 'll break your arm You get one more beating Get into position ! Listen to what I said and get into position ! What 's the count ? I said what 's the count ? Then I 'll tell you You 're nineteen One Two Three ! Hey , get up ! Get up ! Hey , Hey ! what 's wrong with you ? It 's about Joo-hee I don 't think she likes me I gave her flowers and even kissed her but there 's no response You kissed her ? Yeah When the sun shines on the sea I think of you When the dim moonlight is on the spring I think of you Take this and go home Stay out of the rain Dummy Do you want to get electrocuted ? You 're crazy I don 't want to split up like this Let 's talk just for a moment Nothing can change There 's no use in talking Let go of me ! Here 's your letter I don 't want it anymore Why ? There 's no response and because of my conscience I 'll write it myself from now on And tell her the truth It 's a golden opportunity I heard she 's very sick from the rain So she 's in the hospital She 's very sick ? Because of the rain ? Yeah I 'm going to see her If I visit her when she 's sick then I can score I 'll confess to her that I didn 't write the letters I won 't tell her it was you Actually I 'm not the type to like one girl but I really like her Oh Joon-ha ! Oh Joon-ha ! He 's calling you Yes ? Twenty four , twenty seven Thirty , thirty two ... I have to eat all this ? Look at this Mawworms , intestinal worms hookworms , roundworms ... You have everything What the hell did you eat ? Because of you our class has the most parasites But sir it wasn 't my manure Then whose was it ? You 're the only one who 'd have this many parasites , Eat it now ! YOON Tae-soo Eat three But it 's the same manure Yeah , but some spots have more parasites and some don 't How 'd you know I was here ? Why are you covering your face ? Stop it , I haven 't washed my face , and it 's dirty But you 're still pretty - How 'd you know I was here ? - I heard from Tae-soo Why are you laughing ? I heard you ate 32 worm-killing pills Tae-soo , that bastard has a big mouth Did he say anything else ? After being silent for a while that 's all he said and left - Really ? - Yeah He 's so odd - Are you very sick ? - Yeah I 'm sorry I must be really stupid Besides liking you I 'm not good at anything else No , there 's a lot you 're good at Like getting drenched and eating worm pills Don 't laugh This is serious I have to tell Tae-soo about us Then we can clear our conscience See you later Is this her room ? My poor daughter-in-law ! How 'd you get so drenched ? No , lie down A cold can 't be taken lightly You can catch pneumonia So , are you eating well ? You should eat well to recover I 'm sorry This must be the wrong room Wrong room Clench your fists Raise them like this Now hit me Why should I hit you ? Hurry and hit me ! I don 't like hitting people or getting hit My dad hit me too many times I like Joo-hee Actually , she gave me this necklace last summer Are you okay ? Damn it I 've fallen again Don 't worry And don 't let my dad see that necklace He 'll get furious That necklace was a gift from my dad To Joo-hee Oh Joon-ha ! It 's your letter ! Later on , we went on school break And I thought I couldn 't see her again I miss you I miss you so much I 'll die And I 'm curious how much our river has changed Say hi to our haunted house the shed , and our row boat Say that I miss them and that I 'm doing okay Yesterday , Tae-soo came to me with your Uncle 's address He also confessed a shocking thing to me That you were the one who wrote the letters to me How could you hide that from me ? Anyway , it 's okay I almost threw away those letters but now I can read them again and think of you Tae-soo also made a suggestion That you put Tae-soo 's name on the letters you send me Then my parents will think that I 'm exchanging letters with him Look outside the window If the branches swing gently in the wind then the one you love is loving you , too Right now it 's snowing outside When it first snows they say you should stroll with your beloved But I 'm just writing a letter Joon-ha , I miss you so much I 'm going to get permission to go to Grandpa 's house If I do I 'll send you a telegraph Open your ears If you hear your heartbeat then the person you love is loving you , too Close your eyes If there 's a smile on your lips then the person you love is loving you , too I want to send a telegraph Then please sign up here Okay But fate must not be on my side One of my letters was returned back to Tae-soo 's home Joo-hee is in love with Joon-ha I 'm not in love with Joo-hee Both of them really love each other So that 's why I gave up Two people in love should be together It 's okay with me No , I love her , too I won 't give up Are you mocking me ? You always want things your way ! So your parents mean nothing to you ? Do you know who she is ? She 's a congressman 's daughter ! Know what that means , you punk ? You deserve to die You can 't even hold on to a girl It was the end of a winter break ? I had hoped so much for Know what this is ? A belt ? No , it 's a whip This bastard hits me My dad doesn 't want it to but it keeps wanting to hit me That 's why I caught it How should I punish it ? The death penalty That 's exactly what I thought Kill it slowly and painfully ? Or starve it slowly to death ? Or give it sleeping pills ? Strangle it to death Good idea Joon-ha Take good care of Joo-hee Tae-soo ! Somebody help ! A person 's dying ! Tae-soo , you bastard ! Tae-soo , you bastard ! Tae-soo , hold on ! Hold on ! Someone help me ! Somebody 's dying ! Tae-soo ! Tae-soo ! I told you to kill the belt not yourself Tae-soo , wake up ! Open your eyes ! Don 't die . Don 't die Don 't die , you bastard ! Breathe ! Breathe ! Breathe , you bastard ! Go inside If you 're with him he 'll wake up faster Hurry Wait here for me Hurry and get well Ji-hae , know what this is ? An umbrella ? A very special umbrella They 're all the same It 's special because Sang-min gave it to me He must know that I like him Thought he wouldn 't when you stare at him everyday ? Go give this to Sang-min No , you give it to him I 'm not going there Why not ? Did you and Soo-gyung fight ? Remember when it suddenly rained that day ? Sang-min was drinking coffee here He was looking out of the window then suddenly turned to me and said " Did you bring an umbrella ? " And then I said " I was worried I didn 't " He placed his umbrella here and said " You can have it " He said he was okay to get wet And then he ran off in the rain Did you bring an umbrella ? You can have it . It 's raining a lot outside Sang-min might be getting soaked without an umbrella This is a really special umbrella I 'll give it back to him Did you bring an umbrella ? Of course , I did Really ? But still , take mine Is she crazy ? You have an umbrella but why are you so soaked ? It 's not mine I came to return it to you You left it at the store I 'm not the only one who gets wet even with an umbrella , am I ? Don 't go You already know ... my feelings Now , you know it all Yeah when I saw you run without an umbrella I left my umbrella behind Even on the day of the play I wanted to give you a present so I bought Soo-gyung 's , too And if fate was on my side I thought you 'd pick the gift with the card in it I thought we 'd grow distant if I confessed my feelings I wanted to say that I liked you , but I couldn 't I 'll come see the play Look I cut my wrists I saw it all Both of you whispering love Do you really love her ? Is it really so ? I 'm working out my feelings My eyes were looking straight but my heart was confused Can I trust those words ? Can I think of it as a promise ? Yes There 's only one that I love That one is me , right ? Yes , I love you I swear that I love you I love you , too Sang-min I love you so much Sang-min ! What the hell are you doing ? I didn 't even finish my lines and then you call out my name ? You can 'tjust change your lines like that You ruined everything ! Sang-min , I wasn 't acting it was my true feelings I love you Love is more important than a play I love you After the play Sang-min and I went on a date We decided to go to the river where my mother 's memories lay Joo-hee ? No , I 'm her daughter My name is Ji-hae Is that so ? I must 've made a mistake But you look so much like your mom I delivered a lot of your mom 's letters Thank you , sir I know well what happened to my parents afterwards Students and citizens ! This is illegal demonstrations ! Eliminate corruption and establish a new state ! A new state ! Down with dictatorship and the military regime ! Down with the regime ! Down with dictatorship ! If you wipe on toothpaste your eyes will hurt less - Joo-hee ? - Tae-soo ? Put on toothpaste It 's been a long time It has Have you heard from Joon-ha ? Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha come back alive ! Joon-ah ! You have to come back alive ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha answer me ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ... come back alive ! Joon-ha come back alive ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joo-hee ! - Joon-ha ! - Joo-hee ! - Joo-hee ! - Joon-ha ! Tae-soo ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! You have to come back alive ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha come back alive ! You have to come back alive ! Got it ? Medic ! Medic ! Hold on ! Hold on ! Breathe ! Breathe ! Stop it ! He 's dead ! Retreat ! Get moving , you bastard ! Joon-ha , you bastard ! Where are you going ? Come back ! Corporal OH ! You haven 't changed at all Just like in the past you 're still pretty I 've aged a lot - You had it hard , huh ? - Not really How 's Tae-soo doing ? I guess he 's doing alright Why didn 't you get married ? Well , I did I heard I had so much to tell you But now that we 've met I can 't remember It 's a piano doll We have one at my home , too When I look at it it reminds me of you playing the piano It looks so much like you back then Doesn 't it ? We were so innocent back then But the past has gone now I think our feelings took the best of us We cried and laughed at the smallest things How do I look right now ? You look healthy But I 'd like to see you look happier I 'm crying right now Can 't you see my tears ? Why did you hide that you couldn 't see ? It 's late Sorry , I have an appointment I have to go I 'm sorry It was almost perfect I could 've succeeded I even came here last night to practice You almost fooled me You did a good job I nearly believed you Also ... I risked my life to return this necklace to you Please don 't This necklace is yours Afterwards , mom and dad got married And I was born three years later Then a few years later ... Mrs. Sung Joo-hee ? Joon-ha 's last wish was for you to spread his dust in this river Actually Joon-ha got married right after you did Poor guy had a son , too And Joon-ha wanted you to have this Mommy , it 's a rainbow I still remember clearly the rainbow I saw that day Until I finished telling this story Open your hands
