 Still at the ATM . Again ? That was way too close . So , did you get any money ? No . That thing almost ate my card ! You know , one of these slides you are gonna get trapped on a world you do not want to stay in . But I 'll have money . Where are we ? Looks like some kind of monastery . Oh , fun . How much time we got ? Seventy-two hours . Seems fairly normal . It 's too clean . No Kromaggs , which is just fine with me . Well , if we 're gonna be here for three days , I 've gotta get into a library and into a lab . There 's got to be a way I can program the coordinates to my brother 's world . All we can do is hope that he 's got the coordinates for our home world . What ? My brother 's world . I just can 't get my mind around the idea that I have a brother . A brother . A new father and a mother . A whole new world where someone may have slammed the devil out of the Kromaggots . That 's a lot to get your mind around , Q - Ball . " Uprising in Detroit ended . " Master Oracle declares Michigan rat-free . " What ? Look , I 've been to Detroit . Trust me , they 've got rats . Master Oracle ? That guy looks like Newt Gingrich . He 's a politician back home . " Welcomers ' ceremony draws 100,000 to the Rose Bowl . " Well , it sure doesn 't sound like a football team . " Jason Five , RadRat , sentenced to reconfig . " What does that mean ? I guess Charles Darwin on this world did something really terrible . This is Cadmus . Three intruders have transported themselves into the cloister by some unknown method . They 're headed toward central . It 's two men and a woman . Alert central enforcement , and mark them for surveillance . They could be useful to us , or ... They could be dangerous . What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds where it 's the same year and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? What do you suppose the Oracle is ? Some kind of church . Noon assembly in five minutes . Five minutes until the noon assembly . The Oracle wants us all . Aren 't you coming to assembly ? We 're kind of new in town . Why don 't you join me ? Newcomers are always welcome at our assemblies . My name is Jane . I 'm soon to become a welcomer . I 'm Maggie . And this is Quinn and Rembrandt . Nice to meet a welcomer . Always liked getting welcomed better than not getting welcomed . Our Chief Oracle is Gareth . He 's a truly gifted man . The other man is the Chief Counselor , Cadmus . They are both sighted leaders . Welcome to this assembly of the Oracle , followers of the Way . Today is a very special assembly because today , a group of welcomers will pass through the portal to the other side , to the next world , to make it ready for us . You 're in for a special treat . My friends . There is a beautiful new world waiting for us beyond the portal . A beautiful place you might think of as this Earth , so alike it will be . But there we will find true peace and contentment , leaving behind all of our cares and concerns . We must be in constant readiness to go , to cross over when we are called . Witness now the traverse of the welcomers . Thank you . I hope you 'll join our assembly . Thank you . Actually , we 're just passing through . I see . Well , stop by any time . The center 's always open . Thank you . Bye . I gotta get a look at that portal mechanism . Just ask ' em . They seem awfully friendly . There 's something not right about these people . If they hate somebody like Darwin , what are they gonna think of me ? Jane said this place is always open . We 'll wait till nobody 's around and I 'll get a better look . They believe that life here is just to prepare you for life on the next world . Yeah , that 's pretty much what I was taught in church . " The faithful will be gathered up on the Day of Accounting . " Same again . Day of Judgment . Day of Accounting . So what do they say about the unfaithful ? I don 't see any . It seems they all agree that the Way of the Oracle is the way to go . You mean , the whole country follows one set of rules ? No denominations ? No political parties ? No crazy guy holed up in Idaho with automatic weapons ? Well , there are the rats . It 's what they call the Rationalist Party . The Oracle apparently tolerates disagreement with their way as long as the rats keep it on a low flame . Even have debates on television . Naturally , the Oracle always wins . So , is it a religion , is it a lifestyle , what ? Near as I can figure , it 's pretty much all of those . On Earth Prime we had a right wing political movement that wanted to establish a system based on family values . Yeah . Their family values . Obviously , on this world , those people won that argument . According to this , they 've got a lot of rules . No real freedom of speech without Oracle approval . No abortion . No sex without Oracle license . Right dress and behavior at all times . Sounds like a weekend at my Aunt Miranda 's . Come on . Let 's just keep moving . ... 455B of the Oracle rules . So I don 't understand . How did the people let this happen ? Must not have been paying attention when they should have been . If you don 't vote , you get what you deserve . Yeah , well , at least they have technology , cars , airplanes , CD players . Schools must be pretty good . It 's all controlled by the Oracle . No social sciences . They call that stuff humanism . And they teach nothing but creation science . That explains Demon Darwin . No big bang , no relativity , no black holes , no chaos theory . But if that portal is a sliding machine , they 're going against all their own rules . How 's that ? Quantum physics predicted parallel universes . If you do what we do , you have to have an understanding of subatomic particles moving from one place within an atom to another without going through the space in between . I have no idea what the hell you 're talking about , and I seem to slide just fine . Me , too ! Your new deck will add style and value to your home . Dealer prep , redwood tax , import fees not included . Tax-deductible gifts to the Oracle accepted . Nothing but preachers and shows about how to add a redwood deck to your house . I thought the celebrity pro-am golf tournament was pretty good . Who 'd have thought Regis Philbin had such a powerful swing ? You gonna eat the rest of your green stuff ? You may have the rest of my green stuff and the rest of my brown stuff if you want . What is it with the kitchen in this hotel ? On most of the worlds , the food here is good . The Oracle probably has approval of all menus , too . Polyunsaturated everything , no salt , no fat . No chocolate . That 's what I hate . Well , we won 't have to be here long . Why do we have to go back to that Oracle place ? All that gives me the creeps . Can 't we just lay low here until it 's time for the slide ? Yeah . The guys who were handing out the brochures , those bulges underneath their coats didn 't look like Bibles to me . Well , you guys don 't have to go if you don 't want to . But I 've got to get a look at the mechanics of that machine . I 'm getting nowhere adjusting the timer . If they have sliding technology , they might have something I could borrow or copy . Or steal . Well , if you 're going , we 're going . You know that . I can 't stop thinking about that woman , Jane . Something about her eyes . She 's a true believer . Is that so bad ? I mean , you 've got to believe in something . I believe in myself . I would never surrender my will to some self-righteous guy who says he 's got the answers to everything . Does that mean we have no future together ? Those guys must make regular rounds . Maggie , watch the door . Signal if anybody comes . With what , a flare ? How about just a sneeze ? Hmm . This thing doesn 't have sliding capabilities . It looks like it generates too much heat . That thing 's not a sliding machine . These are ashes . Tell me about it . What 's wrong ? That thing 's an incinerator . What ? Those people are being burned to death . Freeze ! Nobody move ! Now , everyone stand very still . Why were you in the assembly hall tonight ? The doors were open . People were coming and going . Yes . The assembly room is always open for meditation , renewal , but you were up on the stage . You were looking at the controls of the portal . I was curious . I 'm kind of a scientist . You 've just answered your first question . " What have we done ? " And that would be ... You say you 're a scientist . That 's a very dangerous thing to admit . For whatever it 's worth , I 'm not a scientist . What are you ? I 'm an entertainer . You know , uh , concerts , records , weddings , bar mitzvahs . And you ? Tourist . A scientist , an entertainer and a tourist . Very little money , and very unusual . There 's someone named Lincoln on this five . No identification , no travel permits , no locater documentation , no party cards . And this . What is this ? That is a kind of a ... communicator . Really ? Well , the numbers are counting down to something . What ? Uh , it 's a power indicator . Tells me how much time I have left before I have to change the batteries . If it 's a communicator , it communicates with something . Where 's the other one ? We don 't have it . Lost it . They 're both right . We lost it , so we don 't have it . Have our technical staff take a look at that . Forgive my rudeness . My name is Gareth , and I am the Chief Oracle for the Los Angeles area and this is my counselor , Cadmus . Your sudden appearance has caused us to forget our manners . So , I 've told you my name . Don 't you want to tell me yours ? Hi , I 'm Quinn Mallory . This is Rembrandt Brown , and this is Maggie Beckett . Hi . We 're from out of town . Right . So it would seem . The real question is , how far out of town ? Oregon , actually . The interior . You know , where ... This is our first trip to LA . Vacation ? You could say that . Have you been to Oracle World ? Not yet . But it 's on the list . Right . The World in Six Days is playing at the IMAX theater . It is really something . And the Dark Age Dungeon Ride ... There 's new music this year by John Tesh . I love him ! So , if , uh ... If we could just get our little communicator back , uh , we 'll mosey on over to Oracle World and , uh , enjoy ourselves . I ... I 'm sorry , but , um ... We 're gonna have to detain you for a little while . Why are we being arrested ? What charges ? Charges ? I am so sorry . I thought you were paying attention . You 're completely unknown to the authorities . You have no identification . You 're vagrants . And you 're in the possession of a scientific device . First three are misdemeanors . The last is a felony . Take them . Hey ! Whoa , whoa ... Whoa , whoa , wait a minute ! What have we done ? Ow ! Man , what is that thing ? Get in there ! You know , Q-Ball , before I started hanging with you , I hardly ever went to jail . Now , everywhere I go . Oh , I wonder what he 's in for . Thinking . What do they do to you for that ? Reconfig . Reconfig . I read something about that in the paper . How does that work ? Chemical reconfiguration . Intravenous feed of a drug soup . Wipes every cell in your brain clean . Then they feed you what they want you to know . So then you just forget everything ? Everything . After chemical reconfig , you 're a mindless robot . No cares . No fears . No anger . No ideas . No challenges , no love . Paper never mentioned chemicals . They don 't want you to know . I estimate we 've got about 50 hours left till the slide . Well , we better do something soon . I 'm not staying here 29 years with nothing but white noise between my ears . I brought you some things to make you more comfortable . You shouldn 't have . I do it with joy , as I do all my works for the Oracle . Tell me about the Oracle . My friends and I , we , uh ... Well , we have a lot to learn . The Oracle is a way of life that removes care and doubt . It 's a system of belief and behavior based on obedience to the Master Oracle . The Rationalists that I 've heard about , they think it 's a system of repression and thought control . I think that 's sad . Through love and care , I 've seen even the most militant come around to our way of thinking . Yeah , I was just getting to the love and care part . It 's all part of our training . You told me you were a welcomer . When do you expect to go to the other side ? No welcomer knows the day or the hour . I 've already settled all my earthly affairs , ceded all my assets to the Oracle . Wait a minute . You 've given the Oracle all your assets , all your money ? It will do me no good where I 'm going . But the Oracle can use it for many good works here . I know you believe that you 're going to a better place . We all would like to believe that . But this portal to the other side , it 's ... Maggie , I understand your doubts . I had them myself in the beginning . But the more I learned , the more I gave myself to the Oracle , the more I realized it had to be true . I have nothing here . But on the other side , there will be no pain and confusion . Everything will be love and light . Jane , if you knew this traverse to the other side might bring you death , would you still go ? Of course . The technical unit cannot make out what the communicator is . How do we know it 's not a bomb ? That thing could be the detonator . No , we 've had it scanned , we 've had it x-rayed with the magnetic imager . There 's not a trace of explosive material in it . Then what is it ? Best guess ? It 's some kind of switch . It turns something off or ... On . But what ? These people worry me . They could be part of a Rationalist infiltration . I 've been getting increased reports of RadRat activity all along the Pacific coast . So what do we do with these three ? Chemical reconfig . First thing tomorrow . What do you think will happen now ? Breakfast , I hope . Just as long as they don 't do that chemical thing . Where do you think the timer is ? No idea , and no idea what to do about it . Yeah , not what I wanted to hear . Quinn ! Quinn ! Hey ! Remmy ! Maggie ! My name is Samson . Welcome to the underground . So we 're not prisoners here ? You 're guests of the RadRats . This is all we could save from the Oracle book burners , but it 's a start . And there are more like us every day . We 've got hidden labs and libraries all up and down the coast . The big O thinks he 's got everything on rails , but one morning he 's gonna wake up and smell the napalm . What about the Rationalist Party , you with them ? No . Their minds are in the right place , but their hearts could use a little help . The only real change will come through revolution . Lot of that going around . Now , then . What about you ? What about us ? Well , as a great philosopher once said , " First things first . " Who are you ? Where do you come from ? And don 't give me that Oregon business you laid on the big O. How 'd you know about that ? Sources . We know how you came into this world . You were seen doing it . We were ? At first , some of us thought you might be welcomers coming back from the other side . That the Oracle 's portal really does work . The portal 's an incinerator . And the welcomers are being robbed . I met one . She 's given everything she owns to the Oracle . We know what the portal is , and we suspected the rest . As far as the other side goes , I don 't think there is one . Who can say ? You came from somewhere , didn 't you ? We came from Earth . Not this Earth , but a parallel Earth . This is Maggie Beckett , that 's Rembrandt Brown . I invented a device that allows us to pass through a vortex into parallel worlds . And you came here to help us ? Not exactly . Well , what else could it be ? As the poet said , " God gives , but man must open his hand . " And what 's your job on the team ? We 're not really a team , but in my world , I was a marine captain . Great . We can always use another fighter . Whoa , wait a minute . We are not here for your fight . We have no control over how long we stay or where we go . And the Oracle has the only device that does control that . The timer , and if we don 't get it back before the time runs out , we 're gonna be here for a very long time . Then you 'll have no choice but to join us . Okay , let 's make a deal . You and your raiders help us get our timer back , and we will help you for as long as we 're here . When you were showing us around , I saw one of your men working on focused laser parameters . Yes ? He was doing it wrong . You 've got a deal . Good . Well , we 'll have to move fast , 'cause if you guys can get our timer back , we won 't have much time left . Then we gotta get started . As Norm Crosby once said , " Waste not , want not . " I thought that was Ben Franklin . Different worlds , different quotes . We need to make up a plan for a move on the Oracle compound . Okay . Care to join us , Captain ? All right . I 'm sure our technicians will have a lot of questions for you , Professor . It 's just Quinn . And what 's your job on the team ? I 'm a singer . Interesting . We found a tunnel underneath the compound . We 're closing it up . I 'd imagine the RadRats have taken the intruders far away by now . Perhaps even out of the state . No , I don 't think so . I think that communicator is much more important to them than they let on , and I think they 'll be back for it . We 'll be ready for them . The tunnels we used will be closed , and the guards will be doubled at the cloister and the assembly hall . I think it would be better to make a surgical strike with a small force , not a big raid like this morning . And if you can get intelligence on just the spot where the timer is being held , we can concentrate on that sector . Come up with a plan and fast . I 'm not too sure about these RadRats . Compared to the Oracle , they seem like the good guys . Well , maybe . But did you see the way the head guy 's eyes lit up when he thought we 'd have to stay here ? He 's fighting for a cause . Oh , it 's all politics . And that stuff gets all up in your head and starts twisting it around . Power , that 's what it 's all about . The guys in the suits have got it . The RadRats want it . It 's the folks in the middle , like us , who always get hurt . We 've got a plan . Dr. Mallory , your Captain Beckett is so warlike . I like that in a woman . Hey ! What the ... Call security ! What 's going on ? Neutralizer agent engaged . You can take your masks off . We 've got to lay low for six more hours . No , we 've got that covered . You seem very determined to get yourselves killed . I 'm certain my pack is already planning a rescue mission . When we didn 't return at the appointed time , they 're trained to move . How are they gonna get by all the security the Oracle has piled on us ? Trust me . They wont give us up . There 's some stuff here I don 't understand . Ever since we got here , everyone seems to know what we 're doing before we do it . You say we were seen sliding in . Then , Big O 's heat is on us right away at the assembly hall . Your people come in here to get us out . We come back in for the timer , there 's Big O again . It 's as if they 're in on the plan . Bit of a coincidence . Who 's running this show ? We have undercover agents very high up in the Oracle . I don 't know who they are or when they 'll move , but they will . " The biggest campaign is built on the smallest detail . " Julius Caesar II . And I 'm getting enough of this quoting . Mr. Mallory . Like a word with you , in private . Sit down . I want to ask you a few questions about your communicator . You can ask . Listen , this will go a lot easier with you if I know what it is , what it does . I don 't think you 'll understand it . Try me . I 'm not going to defy my friends to cut myself a deal . It 's a timer . I know that much . What 's it counting down to ? What happens when it gets to zero ? Look , let me put it to you this way . I think it controls , somehow , your passage in and out of this dimension . You 're the one who saw us slide in . Never mind that . What happens when it runs out of time ? Let 's just put it this way . You 'll have three more RadRats on your hands for a long time . Not necessarily , Mr. Mallory . Not necessarily . The Master Oracle himself is very pleased . Samson is the highest ranking RadRat yet taken on the west coast . His reconfig will be a major coup for the Oracle . Listen , I 'm sure you 're right , but I think we ought to consider making a harsher example of Samson . And of the others , as well . What are you suggesting ? Oh , as dangerous as Samson is , the others are much more so . We don 't know where they came from , we don 't know if there are any more like them , and they possess some kind of advanced scientific knowledge they may have passed on while they were underground . I think we need to be rid of them all . Are you saying we should execute them ? Well ... The intruders I can understand , but I don 't want to give the RadRats a martyr with Samson 's death . As far as the people know , he won 't die . Let 's just say for the sake of argument your friends do get us out of here . Then what ? If we don 't get our timer back , we 're stuck here for 29 years . Would that be so bad ? I 'm gonna say yes . We 're gonna win . What makes you so sure ? Because we 're right . Okay , let 's just say you do get what you want . Then what happens to the Oracle and the people who believe in it ? Nothing . They 're free to believe whatever they like . They just won 't be free to impose those beliefs on others against their will . After all , God created our minds . He must have wanted us to use them . Who are you quoting now ? Me . I have wonderful news . I 'm here to set you free . That 's great ! How ? We 're all going to traverse to the next world together . What ? The Chief Oracle has proclaimed it . Samson and the three of you will be joining us as welcomers . You mean we 're going through that portal ? It 's more than I could have hoped for . Jane , that portal is not what you think . It 's a killing machine ! The Oracle has lied to you , taken everything you own , and now they 're going to take your life . I expected as much from you . You can 't listen to him . You must trust the Oracle . My friends and coworkers in the way of the Oracle , the signs of the end times are all around us . The confusion that you may be feeling today as you see the unrest increase has been foreseen by the Master Oracle . Change is painful , but we know the rewards that come of endurance and of steadfast faith . Today , we are sending two very special groups of welcomers to that reward . I 'll see you on the other side . Jane , you gotta listen to us . No . You must trust the Oracle . Well , maybe she 's right . We 'll certainly find out soon enough . We will all now witness the traverse of the welcomers . My friends , many of you know that the Radical Rationalist Samson was apprehended this morning with some of his followers in the compound . We have decided that our methods of reconfiguration are inadequate here . Consequently , we are sending them with the welcomers to the other side in the hopes that the wisdom provided there will help them to their salvation . This is a fraud ! That thing is an oven ! Your friends aren 't on the other side . They 're dead ! Your Oracle has robbed them and murdered them ! It 's a RadRat lie ! You see how perverted the RadRats have become ? Sending them to the other side to reconfig is the only solution . Amen ! The final solution ! Yeah ! Send ' em away ! Mr. Mallory ... I wish you well on the other side . It was one of the head guys , after all . Hey . Wow ! It was Cadmus . I knew it would be somebody . Can that thing get me back ? Yeah . But we 'd have to go with him . We miss the vortex , we 're stuck here . But we gotta make this a quick powwow , because we got two minutes to make up our minds . I don 't think I want to give those guys another shot at cooking me . No , no . You don 't understand , I started something . Millions of people saw me on television . I agree with Samson . We have to go back and help them finish the fight . People over there think the portal brings them to a better world , and no one 's ever come back . But if somebody did , that somebody will bring such a powerful message , nothing the Oracle said could stop it . You gotta go back . And we 've gotta go with him . We 've gotta do the right thing . You know , you sound just like my mother . You know I 'm with you , okay ? And I was wrong about you . You didn 't expect to find Jane here , did you ? Not expect , but I was hoping . We 're taking over ! Don 't resist ! Put down your gun ! All right , now . Take it easy . Listen to me ! Please ! Please ! Be calm . Listen to me . Be calm and hear me out . Yeah . Come on ! You have been misled . And I myself cannot escape responsibility , for I have stood by and watched my friends and my neighbors have been sacrificed to the greed of the Oracle . And I have said nothing ! I 've said nothing because I thought the time was not right . But I tell you today , the time is right . Yeah ! The time is now . The Rationalist cause will be heard ! Down with Samson ! Down with Samson ! You traitor ! Listen to him ! I have returned to continue the fight ! Listen ! The rational . The right . Samson is wrong . The Oracle is right ! No ! Don 't listen to him ! The Oracle is not right . You lie ! Yeah , that 's a lie ! Rationalists may not be right , either . They 're wrong ! We want the Oracle ! For a change , we are going to have a free and open forum to find out . I am not a welcomer come back from the other side . What you just saw was not a miracle , but the result of pure science . A science that is not to be feared , but to be embraced for what it can teach us about our world and ourselves . As Charles Darwin said , " Accurate knowledge " is the true wealth of the world . " All right . There is room in this world ... We only got two minutes left here this time . Let 's take this outside . I don 't think these people can handle any more shocks . How are they gonna handle what they 've got ? I think we started some kind of revolution . It was bound to happen . We just nudged it along . It 's their world . They 're gonna have to deal with it . Thomas Jefferson once said that politics is like the weather . Every so often you need a good storm to clear things out . You 're not gonna start quoting now , are you ? Who 's Thomas Jefferson ? Big man in my world . Got his face on some of the money .
