 When the dim moonlight is on the spring I think of you " Really ? Is that what it says ? Gee ! Oh my gosh Sang-min must really like me a lot You have to give it to me tomorrow , okay ? Okay I have no reason to see him anymore He wants to be with Soo-gyung now When the sun shines on the sea ... When the dim moonlight is on the spring ... Are you done ? Wait a little longer Hand in your manure in an envelope after lunch - Got it ? - Yes , sir Those who didn 't bring it hurry and go take a shit ! Got it ? Let 's get together ! One ! Two ! One ! Two ! One ! Two ! Joon-ha I 'll close my eyes and run so you guide me , okay ? I 'm really closing them Okay Joon-ha Wanna come with me to learn the folk dance after class ? folk ? I 'm gonna meet Joo-hee there It 's my dad and his friend 's idea They want us to meet at a healthy recreation A lot of girls will be there so you pick one up - Gonna come , right ? - I don 't know Tae-soo ! Joo-hee , this is my friend Oh Joon-ha She 's the one I told you about I 'm Oh Joon-ha Nice to meet you Hello Are you two friends ? Know each other ? No , we don 't He 's my best friend This is my friend , Na-hee Hi , I 'm Na Na-hee - I 'm YOON Tae-soo - I 'm Oh Joon-ha Everyone please have a seat Come on ! Anywhere is fine Today I will teach you the folk dance - Sounds fun , right ? - Yes Folk Dance is ... I missed you Me , too I didn 't know you were Tae-soo 's friend I want to be a woman anchor So I always practice my speech Can you do this ? Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers Did I do okay ? I can do it faster Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers Shall I do it faster ? Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers Give it a try Peter Piper a pecked of peppers pickled ... You 'll need a lot of practice Repeat precisely after me Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers We should split up now I 'll take Joo-hee home so you take care of Na-hee Okay ? See you later I had fun Good night Bye , Joo-hee Good night What are you doing ? Let 's get going Joon-ha then try something easier Try this She sells seashells by the seashore Easy , huh ? Give it a try Pardon ? I said give it a try Give what a try ? She sells seashells by the seashore Give this a try I can 't Please don 't ask me to You can 't do this ? She sells seashells by the seashore It 's easy She sells seashells by the seashore - Have a good ... - Yes ... Good-bye The card I should 've known there 'd be a card for me Ji-hae ? Oh , hello Where are you headed ? To the library That far ? It 's not far I won 't get so wet if I stop at each building Then I 'll take you there With my special umbrella Think of that building as a shed and run One , Two , Three ! How are you ? Thanks so much But you 're soaked I was going to get wet anyway I should be going Thanks again - Okay , I 'll see you later - OK ! I didn 't think we 'd meet again But why does the library have to be so close ? She hasn 't mailed me back yet - Joo-hee ? - Yeah - Why not ? - I don 't know I 'm not the type to fall in love with one girl But I must really like her Tae-soo ! Tae-soo ! Tae-soo ? Hi What are you doing here ? I was waiting for you Please take these flowers I like you , Joo-hee Please write to me It 's so strange Is it because I 'm too tall ? Why do I keep fainting ? I 'm out of breath It 's because of Tae-soo , right ? What do you think I should do ? Tell me Tae-soo is a rotten bastard No , Tae-soo is nice He 's a rotten bastard because he 's too nice Tae-soo is waiting for your letter There 's no hope There 's nothing we can do for us Don 't say that There 's a way No , there 's nothing more we can do Nothing We 'll only get hurt It 'll work out I won 't see neither you nor Tae-soo anymore I 'm serious I won 't see anyone Hey , limousine boy ! Come here Limousine boy ! forgot to bow ? So you don 't wanna bow is that it ? If you have a chauffeur you don 't have to bow , huh ? Your badge is upside down and your shirt 's unbuttoned Fine , today I 'll give you the worst beating ever I 'm gonna beat you all starting from the left The first one gets hit once the second one gets hit twice From the third shout out your turn - Got it ? - Yes , sir - You sissies , I can 't hear you ! - Yes , sir ! Seven Stay still ! - Ouch , my back - Stay still , or I 'll break your arm You get one more beating Get into position ! Listen to what I said and get into position ! What 's the count ? I said what 's the count ? Then I 'll tell you You 're nineteen One Two Three ! Hey , get up ! Get up ! Hey , Hey ! what 's wrong with you ? It 's about Joo-hee I don 't think she likes me I gave her flowers and even kissed her but there 's no response You kissed her ? Yeah When the sun shines on the sea I think of you When the dim moonlight is on the spring I think of you Take this and go home Stay out of the rain Dummy Do you want to get electrocuted ? You 're crazy I don 't want to split up like this Let 's talk just for a moment Nothing can change There 's no use in talking Let go of me ! Here 's your letter I don 't want it anymore Why ? There 's no response and because of my conscience I 'll write it myself from now on And tell her the truth It 's a golden opportunity I heard she 's very sick from the rain So she 's in the hospital She 's very sick ? Because of the rain ? Yeah I 'm going to see her If I visit her when she 's sick then I can score I 'll confess to her that I didn 't write the letters I won 't tell her it was you Actually I 'm not the type to like one girl but I really like her Oh Joon-ha ! Oh Joon-ha ! He 's calling you Yes ? Twenty four , twenty seven Thirty , thirty two ... I have to eat all this ? Look at this Mawworms , intestinal worms hookworms , roundworms ... You have everything What the hell did you eat ? Because of you our class has the most parasites But sir it wasn 't my manure Then whose was it ? You 're the only one who 'd have this many parasites , Eat it now ! YOON Tae-soo Eat three But it 's the same manure Yeah , but some spots have more parasites and some don 't How 'd you know I was here ? Why are you covering your face ? Stop it , I haven 't washed my face , and it 's dirty But you 're still pretty - How 'd you know I was here ? - I heard from Tae-soo Why are you laughing ? I heard you ate 32 worm-killing pills Tae-soo , that bastard has a big mouth Did he say anything else ? After being silent for a while that 's all he said and left - Really ? - Yeah He 's so odd - Are you very sick ? - Yeah I 'm sorry I must be really stupid Besides liking you I 'm not good at anything else No , there 's a lot you 're good at Like getting drenched and eating worm pills Don 't laugh This is serious I have to tell Tae-soo about us Then we can clear our conscience See you later Is this her room ? My poor daughter-in-law ! How 'd you get so drenched ? No , lie down A cold can 't be taken lightly You can catch pneumonia So , are you eating well ? You should eat well to recover I 'm sorry This must be the wrong room Wrong room Clench your fists Raise them like this Now hit me Why should I hit you ? Hurry and hit me ! I don 't like hitting people or getting hit My dad hit me too many times I like Joo-hee Actually , she gave me this necklace last summer Are you okay ? Damn it I 've fallen again Don 't worry And don 't let my dad see that necklace He 'll get furious That necklace was a gift from my dad To Joo-hee Oh Joon-ha ! It 's your letter ! Later on , we went on school break And I thought I couldn 't see her again I miss you I miss you so much I 'll die And I 'm curious how much our river has changed Say hi to our haunted house the shed , and our row boat Say that I miss them and that I 'm doing okay Yesterday , Tae-soo came to me with your Uncle 's address He also confessed a shocking thing to me That you were the one who wrote the letters to me How could you hide that from me ? Anyway , it 's okay I almost threw away those letters but now I can read them again and think of you Tae-soo also made a suggestion That you put Tae-soo 's name on the letters you send me Then my parents will think that I 'm exchanging letters with him Look outside the window If the branches swing gently in the wind then the one you love is loving you , too Right now it 's snowing outside When it first snows they say you should stroll with your beloved But I 'm just writing a letter Joon-ha , I miss you so much I 'm going to get permission to go to Grandpa 's house If I do I 'll send you a telegraph Open your ears If you hear your heartbeat then the person you love is loving you , too Close your eyes If there 's a smile on your lips then the person you love is loving you , too I want to send a telegraph Then please sign up here Okay But fate must not be on my side One of my letters was returned back to Tae-soo 's home Joo-hee is in love with Joon-ha I 'm not in love with Joo-hee Both of them really love each other So that 's why I gave up Two people in love should be together It 's okay with me No , I love her , too I won 't give up Are you mocking me ? You always want things your way ! So your parents mean nothing to you ? Do you know who she is ? She 's a congressman 's daughter ! Know what that means , you punk ? You deserve to die You can 't even hold on to a girl It was the end of a winter break ? I had hoped so much for Know what this is ? A belt ? No , it 's a whip This bastard hits me My dad doesn 't want it to but it keeps wanting to hit me That 's why I caught it How should I punish it ? The death penalty That 's exactly what I thought Kill it slowly and painfully ? Or starve it slowly to death ? Or give it sleeping pills ? Strangle it to death Good idea Joon-ha Take good care of Joo-hee Tae-soo ! Somebody help ! A person 's dying ! Tae-soo , you bastard ! Tae-soo , you bastard ! Tae-soo , hold on ! Hold on ! Someone help me ! Somebody 's dying ! Tae-soo ! Tae-soo ! I told you to kill the belt not yourself Tae-soo , wake up ! Open your eyes ! Don 't die . Don 't die Don 't die , you bastard ! Breathe ! Breathe ! Breathe , you bastard ! Go inside If you 're with him he 'll wake up faster Hurry Wait here for me Hurry and get well
