 Ji-hae , know what this is ? An umbrella ? A very special umbrella They 're all the same It 's special because Sang-min gave it to me He must know that I like him Thought he wouldn 't when you stare at him everyday ? Go give this to Sang-min No , you give it to him I 'm not going there Why not ? Did you and Soo-gyung fight ? Remember when it suddenly rained that day ? Sang-min was drinking coffee here He was looking out of the window then suddenly turned to me and said " Did you bring an umbrella ? " And then I said " I was worried I didn 't " He placed his umbrella here and said " You can have it " He said he was okay to get wet And then he ran off in the rain Did you bring an umbrella ? You can have it . It 's raining a lot outside Sang-min might be getting soaked without an umbrella This is a really special umbrella I 'll give it back to him Did you bring an umbrella ? Of course , I did Really ? But still , take mine Is she crazy ? You have an umbrella but why are you so soaked ? It 's not mine I came to return it to you You left it at the store I 'm not the only one who gets wet even with an umbrella , am I ? Don 't go You already know ... my feelings Now , you know it all Yeah when I saw you run without an umbrella I left my umbrella behind Even on the day of the play I wanted to give you a present so I bought Soo-gyung 's , too And if fate was on my side I thought you 'd pick the gift with the card in it I thought we 'd grow distant if I confessed my feelings I wanted to say that I liked you , but I couldn 't I 'll come see the play Look I cut my wrists I saw it all Both of you whispering love Do you really love her ? Is it really so ? I 'm working out my feelings My eyes were looking straight but my heart was confused Can I trust those words ? Can I think of it as a promise ? Yes There 's only one that I love That one is me , right ? Yes , I love you I swear that I love you I love you , too Sang-min I love you so much Sang-min ! What the hell are you doing ? I didn 't even finish my lines and then you call out my name ? You can 'tjust change your lines like that You ruined everything ! Sang-min , I wasn 't acting it was my true feelings I love you Love is more important than a play I love you After the play Sang-min and I went on a date We decided to go to the river where my mother 's memories lay Joo-hee ? No , I 'm her daughter My name is Ji-hae Is that so ? I must 've made a mistake But you look so much like your mom I delivered a lot of your mom 's letters Thank you , sir I know well what happened to my parents afterwards Students and citizens ! This is illegal demonstrations ! Eliminate corruption and establish a new state ! A new state ! Down with dictatorship and the military regime ! Down with the regime ! Down with dictatorship ! If you wipe on toothpaste your eyes will hurt less - Joo-hee ? - Tae-soo ? Put on toothpaste It 's been a long time It has Have you heard from Joon-ha ? Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha come back alive ! Joon-ah ! You have to come back alive ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha answer me ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ... come back alive ! Joon-ha come back alive ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joo-hee ! - Joon-ha ! - Joo-hee ! - Joo-hee ! - Joon-ha ! Tae-soo ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha ! You have to come back alive ! Joon-ha ! Joon-ha come back alive ! You have to come back alive ! Got it ? Medic ! Medic ! Hold on ! Hold on ! Breathe ! Breathe ! Stop it ! He 's dead ! Retreat ! Get moving , you bastard ! Joon-ha , you bastard ! Where are you going ? Come back ! Corporal OH ! You haven 't changed at all Just like in the past you 're still pretty I 've aged a lot - You had it hard , huh ? - Not really How 's Tae-soo doing ? I guess he 's doing alright Why didn 't you get married ? Well , I did I heard I had so much to tell you But now that we 've met I can 't remember It 's a piano doll We have one at my home , too When I look at it it reminds me of you playing the piano It looks so much like you back then Doesn 't it ? We were so innocent back then But the past has gone now I think our feelings took the best of us We cried and laughed at the smallest things How do I look right now ? You look healthy But I 'd like to see you look happier I 'm crying right now Can 't you see my tears ? Why did you hide that you couldn 't see ? It 's late Sorry , I have an appointment I have to go I 'm sorry It was almost perfect I could 've succeeded I even came here last night to practice You almost fooled me You did a good job I nearly believed you Also ... I risked my life to return this necklace to you Please don 't This necklace is yours Afterwards , mom and dad got married And I was born three years later Then a few years later ... Mrs. Sung Joo-hee ? Joon-ha 's last wish was for you to spread his dust in this river Actually Joon-ha got married right after you did Poor guy had a son , too And Joon-ha wanted you to have this Mommy , it 's a rainbow I still remember clearly the rainbow I saw that day Until I finished telling this story Open your hands
