 " Join the sliders ! Travel to exotic lands ! " Meet interesting people ! " And get eaten by them ! The next time you decide to go native on me , count me out ! There 's one minute to go . Hey , it 's your fault , you offended them . Yeah , well , instead of shaking your groove thing with the chief 's daughter , maybe you should focus on finding your home world . We really should try and learn as much as possible about these worlds we visit , someday our survival may depend on it . Q - Ball , the girl was looking at you like a rare veal chop . Hey , have you guys lost your sense of adventure ? Yeah . Well , we 're gonna lose more than that if we don 't get out of here now ! Hit it . Three , two ... Bon appétit . Oh , I hate sand in my shorts . Oh , great , public housing world . Looks like we 're tenants for three days , four hours , six minutes . It 's just enough time to figure out where we are . Well , if this is your Earth , maybe these ruins are left over from the last time that the humans and the Kromaggs duked it out . No , these buildings aren 't battle-damaged . Looks like a demolition zone . No ! How long have we been here ? Over an hour . Sorry to keep you waiting . I 'm Brigadier General Randall Simmons . I 'm Quinn Mallory . This is Rembrandt Brown , and that 's Maggie Beckett over there . What the devil is going on ? Where are we ? Didn 't anyone tell you ? No one 's told us a thing . I 'm sorry , I thought you already knew . You 're home . Home ? You mean we 're back on Earth Prime ? It 's not possible . We 've been to Earth Prime . It 's overrun with Kromaggs . Was overrun . Three months ago , we cracked the Kromagg communications protocols . We were able to access most of their tactical and defensive systems , turned their own technology against them . Two weeks ago we celebrated VK Day . Victory over the Kromaggs . This way , please . What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds where it 's the same year and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? If you 've won the war against the Kromaggs , what was that battle we saw ? Yeah , we nearly got our heads blown off . Ninety percent of the planet is back under human control . But there are still pockets of Kromagg resistance . You had the bad luck to slide into a hot LZ . In addition to Kromagg weapons technology , we 've also adapted their sliding capability . This display shows our tactical status on all multi-Earth battle fronts . These yellow ribbons indicate worlds which have been liberated , Mr. Brown . We 've got the Maggots on the run on over two dozen parallel worlds . And I 'd say that calls for a drink . Will someone tell me what 's going on ? Just relax . It 's okay . Just relax , try to remember . You 've been having memory lapses since the attack . The docs say it 'll pass . We 've seen this kind of thing before . Thanks . Almost bought the farm from a Kromagg plasma cannon . I remember something . An explosion , a hospital . That was three days ago . Three days ? We 've found this kind of disorientation is common when a person has been exposed to certain types of Kromagg energy weapons . You will recover . And when you do , we need people who 've had experience with the Maggs . Feel like strapping on a Harrier again , Captain Beckett ? Our campaign is expanding . We 're kicking the Maggs off more worlds every day . But we 're spread thin . We need help . Mr. Brown , there 's a naval commission in this for you , if you want it . All the same to you , I just want to go home , try to find my family , see if they 're okay . Can you help us , General ? My mother was shipped off-world by the Maggs . Yes , and a friend of ours , Wade . She was taken by the Kromaggs to a breeder camp . We found thousands of human refugees on other Earths . There 's a chance , a good one , your people are alive . What about my offer , Captain ? I know you 've been eager to get back up there again . I might still be a little fuzzy , but I don 't recall mentioning that to anyone . You 're a pilot . What self-respecting marine wouldn 't want to get back up there and mix it up ? This is all happening too fast . Ah . I understand . You 've been sliding so long , it must be tough to accept the idea that your journey is finally over . You can start a brand new life on our world . Or any other world , for that matter . Of course , we 'll have to debrief you , get the details of your Kromagg encounters , or any other worlds you may have encountered . Their culture , natural resources . I have some questions of my own . Such as ? Such as , what is a one-star general doing in charge of a unified command ? With all due respect , you seem a bit light on the brass to be running a campaign this size . You 're not from our Earth , Captain . Your military may be different than ours . Granted . But is it also customary on your world for a marine officer to be handing out naval field commissions ? The last time I checked , we worked for the Navy . Tell me what you want . I can make it happen . It wasn 't a battlefield we slid into . I 've seen bombed-out buildings . This was a demolition site . No ! No way . This is a trick ! Quinn ! Remmy ! What are you talking about ? You can stop the charade . You 're a Kromagg , aren 't you ? What ? I 've seen what you do . Twist people 's perceptions , make us see what you want us to . Calm down . You stay away from me . Welcome back to reality , Miss Beckett . Who the hell are you ? I 'm not a Kromagg , whatever that is . Oh ! Take it easy . Coming out of virtual space can be disorienting . You 'll need to get your land legs back . Where am I ? You 're in virtual reality recovery at Chandler Federal Hospital . I 'm Randall Simmons , your case worker . Recovery ? Recovery from what ? The short version ? You were buried alive . Though what you and your friends were doing in the middle of a demolition site is a question only you can answer . My friends . Where are they ? Are they okay ? They 're fine . They 're in VR recovery , too . Speak English . VR is an effective technique . Although you seem to have an aversion to it . Tell me , do you feel that you 're resistant to pleasant thoughts ? I don 't like people poking around in my head . Obviously . I 've never seen anyone outsmart VR therapy . I 'll have to have a word with our programmers . Still , you and your friends are quite a mystery . No medicards , no subdermal ID chips . It 's almost as if you just materialized here . And then there 's this . I need to see my friends . Now . That 's right . Oh , yeah . Come here . That 's right . Yeah . Get those things off of them . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , now , we need to bring them out slowly . Sudden reality shifts are dangerous . There can be seizures , even brain damage . What are those ? We use them to monitor the therapy . You monitor their mind ? Invade their thoughts ? No , we monitor their therapy . In order to stimulate the healing process , the mind is immersed in pleasant desires . Memories , the like . The machines read those thoughts , enhance them , then play them back to the patient . Tuna casserole , my favorite , Mama . Rise and shine , lover boy . I was in a park . Welcome to the world of VR medicine . Incredible . Nurse , maybe these gentlemen are hungry . Oh , no , thanks , I ate already . I think . How long have we been under ? Long enough . The timer 's counting up . We missed the sliding window . We 're stranded here . Are you sure ? Maybe you read it wrong . There 's no mistake . We missed the gateway . It 's counting up to the next window . In 29 years . I 'm not ready to accept that yet . We 've missed a window before . On that Egyptian Earth . Yeah , but we were able to find another timer and slide out . Yeah , but from what Simmons says , this Earth doesn 't have that kind of technology . Not yet . What 're you saying ? You can build another sliding machine ? Maybe , but it 's not like I carry the blueprints in my back pocket . I 'd be working from memory . I 'd need your help . Oh , sure , and I 'll just build a time machine while I 'm at it . Don 't sell yourself short . You knew your husband 's work . No , I listened to him talk about it . I also handed him the occasional magnospanner , and gave back rubs . Doesn 't make me a scientist . Anything you could remember would help . Look , maybe this Simmons guy can help us . No . We don 't know enough about this world to just hand them the secret to sliding . Right . We tell him who we are , and where we 're from , but no more . I have to admit , when I heard Ms. Beckett 's parallel world story , I thought we pulled her out of the VR too soon . Sometimes I wish it was just a bad dream . We appreciate your helping us . Well , the government on my Earth is more than happy to help you get home . Look , I don 't get it . Is everybody here in therapy ? No , of course not . VR is used for more than just medicinal purposes . It 's a source of recreation , education , entertainment . It 's part of our way of life . So that guy over there , how does he paint the building with a VR unit on ? The VR unit just makes the job more enjoyable . See , it has a multi-tasking function . You can perform one task while perceiving another in VR . So he thinks he 's painting a masterpiece . I took a job on a production line one year . I could 've used one of those . We 've set up the lab with everything you 've asked for . This way . Man , I don 't even want to know what he thinks he 's doing . Come on in . There are cots in the corner , and a kitchen in the back . If there 's anything else that you need that isn 't here , just let us know . Thanks . I 'll let you get to it , then . Oh , one more thing . I almost forgot . The latest recreational model . The Realman XL . Hey , thanks , man . Just a few safety tips with these . They feed off a central VR processor , so you can enter each other 's fantasies . Just don 't try and pull someone out suddenly . That can be dangerous . Enjoy them , but remember , they can be habit-forming . What do we need these for ? It 's like Q-Ball said . When in Rome ... We 're not gonna have any time to take side trips into VR world , Remmy . We got 29.7 years to kill here , remember ? We will get out of here , Remmy . I promise you that . Yeah , well , I 'm sure you two geniuses can come up with something . Just make sure that we 're gone before I have to change my name to Old Crying Man Brown . We can do this , Maggie . Looks like they set us up pretty good . Maybe too good . Don 't you think Simmons seems a little too eager to help us out ? Anything we want , no questions asked . I don 't trust him . You think I do ? But right now , we do not have a choice . You know how many dishes we 'd have to wash to afford a computer like this ? We 'd be better off waiting 29 years for the next window . All right . So where do we start ? Start . Right . Quinn ? There 's something you 're not telling me . Remember I told you I 'd be working from memory ? Well , the memory doesn 't seem to be working so good . What do you mean ? I 've been racking my brain for hours , hoping it was just a temporary lapse , just a VR hangover . I can 't remember how to build a sliding machine . It 's quite a fantastic story . Alternate dimensions , an infinite number of worlds . It would be a real coup for the company . And for you . For both of us . It 's her friend who 's the scientist . You should be focusing on him . No , she 's the key . We need her to bring them around . She doesn 't trust you . Well , neither do you . But what difference does that make ? This is very big , Randall . Don 't screw it up . Nothing looks familiar . For all I know , this is a nuclear-powered cigarette lighter . Damn it , can 't you remember anything ? A theory ? A formula ? Anything that might trigger a memory in me . I don 't know ! Our apartment was so cluttered with scribbled-out formulas and papers and books . A lot about a man named Tesla . Nikola Tesla ! Yeah . Tesla died over 50 years ago . He invented a device called the tesla coil . It was a primitive electrical induction device . Wait , Steven once said that induction coils were an important part of his machine . Of course . You 'd need to generate a huge burst of power in order to open a sliding vortex . Okay ! We 've got a place to start . Wait , wait , wait . There 's something else . It seemed so silly , I almost forgot . What 's that ? He made me memorize it . He said it helped him remember . Remember what ? I don 't know . He died before he could tell me . A musical clue . Rembrandt ! Rembrandt ! Oh , I don 't like this . Remmy 's been through a lot . He needs some R and R. Yeah , but if these things are causing memory loss , we should get him out of there now . No , no , no , no , no . That would be even more dangerous . He 's got to come out of it by himself . How long is that gonna take ? I don 't want him to get hooked on this thing . I could see how tempting throwing one of those things on and just forgetting about everything would be . My point exactly . Who knows how long he 'll stay in there and how many brain cells he 'll fry . Where are you going ? Simmons says we could jack into each other 's fantasies . Be right back . No , Stan ! No ! Capital " N , " capital " O. " Will you get out of my hair ? No , no , no , not you , Stan . Look , this was all agreed . I 'll pick up the cost for the massage therapist , but I 'm not budging on the money . We 're talking gross points here ! Will you get off of me ? No , not you , Stan . Give me a minute . La Toya . Look , I know how someone like myself is hard to resist , and I 'm flattered . But I 'm a married man . I have a wife and two kids . I have a husband and three children . What 's that got to do with it ? Stay away from me . This is business . Where was I , Stan ? Yeah , look , I 'm only doing this concert as a favor to Billy . Look , Billy 's got the croup . Uh , Stan ? Stan ? I have to get back to you . I got a situation . La Toya . We 'd be so good together ! La Toya ! La Toya , this is sexual harassment . Now , I could call the cops . Mmm , you are so handsome when you 're angry . Should I make an appointment ? No , no , Maggie . This isn 't what you think . I was just taking a little dictation . Yeah . She seems like she 's very good at it . Well , when you get to my position in life , there are certain people who want to try to take advantage of that . Hmm . Well , maybe I can help . We have to get back to the lab now . I 'm not going back to the lab . I 'm opening Saturday night at the Hollywood Bowl . The artist formerly known as Elvis is on the bill . Wait a minute . Wait a minute . What part of my program are you ? I 'm not part of your fantasy . You 're real ? Yeah . Yeah , yeah , that 's right . You can do that . All right . It 's time to go , Rembrandt . Look , I am not going ! What ? Why should I , Maggie ? I mean , look around you , I 've got everything I 've always wanted and more . I mean , I got a wife , two kids . Gold records . A dog , somewhere . My mother is finally speaking to me . I 've got respect . Respect from whom ? A computer-generated sexpot ? How can you be happy with love and success that aren 't real ? Reality hasn 't had a whole lot to offer me lately , Maggie . So you want to be spoon-fed a fantasy ? There is a whole world out there ! A world with two very real people who need your help . And a mother who is stuck in a world under Kromagg rule . Now , she needs you , too . Here . You sit . Damn it . Again , Quinn ? How dare you have sex with me without my consent ? How dare me ? How dare you ! This is my private fantasy ! For God 's sake , Quinn , you can 't just go around using people 's likenesses for your own twisted pleasure . How is this any different from any ordinary daydream ? Minus the unannounced visitor , of course ! So this is how you think of me ? No . Come on , that 's not it at all . Shut this down now . Remmy , are you okay ? I feel sick . If I could just get back in the VR world for a while , I 'm sure it 'll pass . Forget it . Forget it ! Don 't you see what 's going on here ? These things are like a drug . Just jack in and make all the pain go away . Well , no ! I 'm not gonna be stuck in a VR coma for the next 29 years ! If we 're going to get out of here , you guys , we have to work together . And that means going cold turkey . Hey ! Maggie , no ! Yes ! All right ? Enough of this ! Maggie . No ! That 's it . It 's over ! Rembrandt , that 's it . Now , let 's get back to work . How 's our little project coming along ? Very nicely , thank you . The VR success is the only reason the big boys are allowing us to proceed with this . Then we can move forward ? For now , but they want to know when we can expect the big breakthrough I 've promised them . Well , it 's not gonna happen any faster with you breathing down my neck . So why don 't you go back to corporate and I 'll call you when it 's time ? Nobody from corporate is taking it easy on this . They 'll want to see a significant return . A significant return ! Well , what about worlds without end ? Limitless resources to exploit , unlimited labor pool , infinite markets . And infinite risk . It 's worth it . It 's not just your ass on the line here , Randall . We need to make this happen . It 's under control . I hope so . For both our sakes . That 's it . That 's it . Yeah . It sounds a lot like a standard 12-bar bass riff . Well , my husband really liked the Rolling Who . The who ? No , the Rolling Who , they wrote this great rock opera called " Angie . " Now , that 's a show I would like to see . Well , I 've written it all out there . E , A , E , B , A , E. Okay . Yeah , now the sliding formula might be hidden somewhere in those letters . Great work . It 's from a can . It 's certainly not up to the standards of a superstar . Chicken soup just like my mother 's . Oh , yeah . Sure . I got the impression that you weren 't really on speaking terms with her . She felt show biz was the devil 's work . Last time we spoke , I was just about to board the bus for Detroit . She never returned my calls after that . See , it 's not just about money or career . It 's about respect . You know , respect , and making my mother proud . Everything I saw in your fantasy . Well , you know how those things can take off on you . I never had a family . My mother always wanted me to have one . If you could have family and success , you can have it all . The perfect life . Kind of hard to walk away from . How about you ? You 've been in . You 've seen how real VR can be . Ever been tempted to try a fantasy , maybe relive a memory ? There are some things you just can 't fix . But wouldn 't you want to see your husband again ? Just for a little while ? Of course , I would . But , you know , what I 'd find in there wouldn 't be Steven . My Steven is gone . My world is gone . Some things just go away , Remmy . If you want to change your life , you have to do it yourself . You can 't just strap on some rose-colored VR goggles and ... Because at the end of the day , you take them off , and the world still looks the same . If I took them off and saw your face , it 's worth a case of the shakes . Okay . Any of this look familiar ? Yeah . Could be part of the initialization sequence . I 'm still gonna need some time . Well , time is one thing we do have . You accept the apology of a crazy man ? Maybe . Testosterone can do crazy things to your mind . What you saw , it 's not what you think . Really ? You miss out on a lot when the sole focus of your existence is making the grade . I never went through that period in life where there was no future plans , no pressure to perform , nothing to think about except being young . And I guess I felt I had some catching up to do . Sowing your virtual oats ? At first . But with you , it was different . You 're more to me than that . I was kind of hoping that you 'd have realized that by now . Then why fantasize when I 'm right here ? I guess we never had time for anything more . We do now . Maggie . Maggie , come on . Snap out of it . Come on , get up . I hate to be insensitive , but if you 're going to be sick , you 're gonna have to use one of these on the way . Let 's go . Let 's go . Sweet dreams . Thank God we finally found you . Found me where ? We were in the lab . Simmons ' virtual reality opium den . We slid into a demolition site in some sort of slave labor camp . Remmy and I were thrown clear of the blast , but Simmons got you and the timer . Just keep walking . He 's been using VR to trick you into telling him how to build a sliding machine . I told you , I don 't know how to build a sliding machine . Well , you 've given him a pretty good head start . Plus , he 's got the timer , and the window opens in less than three hours . No . No . We missed the window ! Maggie , you have been in VR for three days . Everything you have experienced has been a virtual fabrication . A lie ! The , uh ... Building the machine , the addictions , none of it was real ? None of it . None of it was real . So , what 's our next move ? Same as always . Getting the timer back . It 's not gonna be as easy as it was breaking into the hospital . Let 's go .
