 " Ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your patience during the delay ... " - " We 'll now begin boarding our airflight 105 San Diego . " - Oh , man ! Is there a problem ? I got bumped . I 'm sure it was an accident . With this many people it 's bound to be on attendant physical contact . No . I got bumped from the flight . They are overbooked . Oh . I may miss registration . You know I became a freshman of Art in San Diego . Next flight is in five hours . By then , all the class I need will be closed . Here , take my seat . No , no . Look , I am not in a hurry . It 's not like anybody 's chasing me , today . Take it . - Oh , man . Are you sure ? - I 'm positive . Thanks . That 's been real pleasure talking to you these last few hours . You have a bright future ahead of you , Daniel . Good luck . Thanks Jarod . I hope you 'll find your family . Thank you . Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life . What happened to your finger ? Broke in my wrestling . What did you do last night ? - Sorry to ask . - Yeah . Everything alright ? - Mr. Lyle 's personal file ? - My father wants a list of anyone who might be Lyle 's ally . Ever since Lyle 's death , my father has been lobbying the Triumvirate to take off his position . But he is running into blue blocks . The allies of Mr ' Lyle know that your father opposed him . The fact that you killed him only increases their resistance to his promotion . Even dead , Lyle is pinning the ass . Something was , excuse me , something was just delivered . I think you want to see . This one . - Lockers ? - Where the hell did these come from ? Jaord sent them . Class of 1983 , Douglas High School . Townsend , Nebraska . Why did Jarod send this yearbooks ? Page two . There is a name tag in my book . Who is Ricky Sanders ? Professor Tom Greer . - Oh , god . - Who did you get ? Mrs. Ricky Sanders . - I always thought you 'd make a nice couple . - Yeah , when monkeys fly . Jarod is expecting us to attend this reunion , Mrs. Sanders . Brilliant inside , Syd . But then it did make you the professor . Look at this . " Always stay the way you are , unless you want to survive . " That 's Jarod telling us for a danger . Broots , I want to check all the ... in this book . Until I have more information , I 'm not ... in the Armpit Oklahoma . It 's Nebraska . Hell is hell , Broots . What 's going on ? Flight 105 has crashed near San Diego . What ? There were fatalities . Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life . There was a young man on board . I gave him my seat . His name is Daniel Falk . - I am sorry , sir . I can 't just give out ... - please ! Daniel Falk 's body was positively identified at the scene . I 'm sorry . Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life . There are pretenders among us . I was taken from my family . Thitry-six hours , he is already demonstrating more talent than any of our others . How many people died because of what I thought up ? Since I broke up , I spent very moment searching for my past . He is a pretender . A genius who can become anyone that he wants to be . - the Center wants him alive . - Preferably . He defends the weak and abused . Life is a gift . THE PRETENDER Season 2 Episode 17 Crash DICTATION : ± ¿ ± ¿ / ´ Ð ´ Ð You are a doctor ? I am today . Thanks for Lady , fuselage stayed intact . Kept the body count down . Clark Thomas . Jarod Lindsay , NTSB Washington . I am here to help with the investigation . I can 't get paper close up our request , but an investigator I don 't need that they send to me . Well , if you like you could get Washington on the phone . You could tell them yourself what incompetent managers they are . Diane Post . I prefer able buddies to paper clips , welcome . We just got these surveillance photos from the crash scene . Any signs of mechanical problems ? No . The plane passed FA inspection last week . We are focusing on pilot error . Both pilots survived ? They 've been ... to Centennial Memorial . - Flight recorder ? - It 'll come in a while . I want to be there when it 's opened . Do I look anything like this Ricky Sanders guy ? If you swallow the blimp . How did Jarod expect me to fool anyone to believe that I am him ? Just tell them you shut up with Jenny Craig before you married me . That don 't explain the hair . It 's a high school reunion , Broots . The only thing more pervasive than love handles with smaller ... What about Mrs. .. , pig ? Oh , no photo . You are not alumni . Apparently Ricky met his wife overseas . They both work as missionaries at a catholic charity in Africa . This amuses you . That Jarod wants people to believe that you are a missionary . Broots , did you find anything about Professor Tom Greer ? He was only at the school for one semester in 83 . Taught obscure languages . He died in Hawaii two years ago . Rest of class 's business is usual . Oh , last page here there is a list of people under the words " camera shy " . Oh , yeah . They didn 't have their photo taken . I tracked them down . There is nothing special . Except , well , two were dead . A deader than Townsend , Nebraska . Call the hotel and book some rooms for the shindig . Oh , Jarod already did . There are non-smoking rooms . Perfect . Mr. Larson , some questions ! Do you have anything to say to the families of the victims ? My heart goes out to everyone involved . As a father who almost lost his son , I certainly share their pains . Can you tell us what happened ? He is not allowed to issue a statement until he talks to the NTSB . But I would like to offer my prayers to those who lost loved ones . Excuse us , please . I just want make sure my son gets little rest , okay ? Thank you , thank you very much . First thing first . Let us see what the pilot has to say . She suffered blunt trauma to the temple lobe which affects memory acquisition . The chances of recording details of the crash are extremely slim . So there is really nothing you can tell us ? Like I said , I can remember being on the approach to San Diego . And I can remember the screams . But besides that , I am sorry . Thank you for your time , Mrs. Wylie . We 'll be in touch . I 'll be outside in a second . You are going to be alright . It 's like somebody painted my mind black . When I think about my passengers , maybe it 's better that I can 't remember . I want to make a difference of my life . I read this quote once . " We have but a rich moment in time . " It made me realise we aren 't here for so long . Eleven people died . But I lived . What makes me so special ? I can remember being on the approach to San Diego . And I can remember the screams . Eleven people died . But I lived . What makes me so special ? Can you believe how friendly the Nebraskans are ? This isn 't Nebraska , Broots . It 's a halfway house for ... Ricky , Ricky , is that you ? You have changed . You lost a ton , son . And this must be ... Nobody you want to know . Well . Maybe we 'll see you and the Mrs later at the hill ride . Yeah , the hill ride , okay . A way to blend in . All set . Now this is mine . And 305 is for you two . - You two ? - Small town , Mrs. Sanders . The last thing we want is for people to wonder why you 're not staying with your husband . There 'll better be booze in the courtesy bar , or someone is going to pay . Hey . I thought we 've agreed that I would be here when we open these boxes . We couldn 't locate you and time isn 't some we have a lot over around here . Evidence from the flight data recorder indicates the elevators were set at a wrong angle for landing . Giving the flight we do speed on descent , fail of the elevators to provide proper lift led directly to the crash . - Who set the elevators ? - We don 't know . - The cockpit voice recorder is still in lock . - Malfunction . Never started recording on take off . I 've never heard of this happening before . It is rare , but not without presence . Hell that happened on the flight I piloted once . At least now , with no mechanical malfunction , we can focus on pilot error . Which leaves the question . Which pilot ? My dad tells me how to play . You never play basketball with your dad ? I just want my parents proud . You did , Daniel . You did . " Airista Crash Claims Eleven Lives " " Pilot Error Questioned " " Families Grieve " I don 't know if I 'll ever be able to climb to the cockpit again . You get no argument from me . You 're gonna be far too busy in Airista . Brandon is one day going to take over the organisation . Sooner I get him behind the desk , the better . Mr. Larson , we need to question Brandon alone . Well , I am not here as the head of the airline , and here as Brandon 's father . We will appreciate that , sir , but this is standard procedure . Fine , if you need me , I 'll be in the waiting room . Brandon . The voice recorder on your flight aren 't function . We have no record of what happened in the cockpit . Mrs. wylie suffered a head trauma . Therefore your memory of the event is critical . We 'd like you to carefully take ... of last few minutes before the crash . We just received final approach instructions . I was focused on my checklist . Everything seemd calm . And all the sudden , we stalled . Angela was yelling about the mountain . I looked down my window , just to see the wings slash into trees . You seem to be very warm . Would you like some water ? No , no . No , it 's this pain killers . Made me a little fevers . Anyway , I can only guess some of our gauges are malfunctional . According to the flight data recorder , all systems were working fine . It indicated the elevators were set at 0 instead of 20 degrees . That 's why the plane stalled on its descend . Oh , god . What is it ? - Is there something on your mind ? - This is really hard . Angela is a good friend . We 've logged over half million miles together . But ? When I called out " elevators 20 degrees " on the checklist , Angela gave me a positive . I guess she just wasn 't paying attention . Look , Jarod , it was pilot error . - And the pilot seems to be Angela Wylie . - Maybe . The guy tells exactly what happened and what do you need . He said he was on pain killers . Principal actions of those compounds are analgesics and sedation . Wouldn 't cause a fever . Isn 't that possible that guy 's just nervous rack ? Pilots are human . If I 've just been in the plane crash , and I detained my friend , I 'll be sweating too . Is that what you really belive , Diane ? You know , Miss Parker , if you look at this like a mini vacation from the Center , you may actually enjoy yourself . These people are dead from neck up and don 't even know it . Why ? Because the couple in the lobby were married for 14 years and they go to church on sunday , and they coach little league ? I wish my exwife and I had been that lucky . Just how hard did you fall on your head when you fall from the turnip truck ? Okay . What 's so great about your life ? You 're forced to stay at the Center until you catch a guy they stole from his parents . You drown by the murder of your mother . Competing for your father 's attention with a ball headed lunatic dragging with oxygen tank then you ... Careful ! I am just saying , I 'd take a sunday sermon and a little league game any day with all that . Hey . Jarod sent us another yearbook , marking down the page that list the students who are absent for the graduation picture . " Not every picture tells a story " , what does that mean ? He wants us to focus on the " camera shy " . Coming ? Dear ? The blood test on you and Brandon were negative . So there will be felony charges but ... You will be charged with negligence . I suggest you contact the pilot 's union and arrange for legal council . Oh , my god . Angela . The voice recorder malfunctioned . The only thing we have to go on is Brandon 's testimony . If there is anything at all that you can remember . I can 't remember anything . The voice recorder did not function ? The imprints are already demagnetized . Hi . How are you doing ? Hey . Any look with the " camera shy " ? I found two . Both are for village idiot of that year . - You ? - I met one . Farmer 's wife , seven kids , wallet full of pictures . And guess whom he 's married to ? Zena . What 's your secret ? You gonna ask her . I 've never met a missionary before . There is a shocker . And Ricky ! Who ever thought he became a man of God . You know , he and I dated a few times . Has he ever mentioned me ? He often remind this about , playing tongues on hockey with you in the barn after the saturday night hoot nannie . Ladies and gentlemen , Before we come to the end of this wonderful evening , I 'd like to take a moment to remember a couple of students who no longer with us because the Lord ... to call them on home . The first is , - Diana Hydra . - Oh , god . It 's almost over . And we 're not close to knowing why Jarod sent us here . And when we start . If you may remember he died ... in the senior year . So we don 't have a graduation photo of Bobby Bowman . But we were able to enlarge a picture from a group shot of the Farmers of Tomorrow club . - I 'm out of here . - Miss Parker ! Oh , my god . This resemblance is unmistakable . Bobby Bowman is Mr. Lyle ? Are you sure this is Brandon Larson 's file ? This lab has zero tolerance for error . The stakes were too high . Something doesn 't make sense . Brandon Larson 's last FAA physical macrostatic blood count was ten . But in this test you took after the crash , the count is fifteen . I thought macrostatic blood counts never vary . They don 't . Who brought in these blood samples ? Your chief investigator , Clark Thomas . Don 't let Jarod 's wild speculations confuse you . And what about Brandon 's sweating ? He said pain killers wouldn 't do that . Diane , listen that the evidence is very clear . Just have that report ready to go in the morning . One ... tried to give me illegal payoff . But my dad was telling me you can never go wrong doing the right thing . I turned him down . What did your dad teach you , Clark ? You saved my life ... Thanks , Jarod , you really saved my life . Sydney . A young man died because of me . I gave my seat on airplane . The plane crashed . I am sorry . Jarod , we all want to believe that we can control the events in life . But it 's only an illusion . He had everything to live for . Family . Future . Now he is gone . I am still here . I am afraid you and I could spend the rest of this lifetime debating fate , Jarod . Lifetime ? Is that how long this will hurt ? Anything ? - I found a police file on Bobby Bowman according to the Omaha 's coroner 's records ... - Up here , Broots . Omaha 's coroner reported Bobby Bowman was murdered sixteen years ago . By his father . Mr. Lyle , Bobby Bowman it is , faked his own murder , and framed his father ? And I thought my family was screwed up . Bowman 's body was found headless and in the bed of his father 's pick-up truck . But the body was so decomposed that they couldn 't get the proper ID . Have lost sound trace of dental records and of course , decomposition would make fingerprint identification impossible . So , if the body was not Mr. Lyle 's , then , whose body was it ? Broots , go back to the Blue Cove , see if you can find out Lyle 's early years in the Center . - And us ? - You and I are gonna pay a visit to Mamie Elkem . Bobby was adopted , you know . Bobby was a good little boy for the most part . And then when he was around fifteen years old , something just seemed to snap . Okay , boys , come and get it . One day , he was sweet sugar . The next , mean as a snake , violent too . After a while , my husband just couldn 't deal with him . He felt Bobby need a discipline . So he started to lock him in the shed out in the back . I felt that was a little harsh . But as my husband said , the roof didn 't leek and there was no vermin in it . You two dogs stop that barking and get in here . This 's a friend of Bobby 's ? Oh , Jimmy Radloff . But he died . That was a sad day for Bobby . How did Jimmy die ? Bobby and Jimmy went hiking one day . They got separated . Only Bobby came home . Jimmy just disappeared without a trace . Well , they looked all over for him but they never found his body . I 've heard enough ! Hey ! You don 't stop your howling ... Now we know whose body Lyle used to frame his dad . Personally , I felt that Jimmy ran off and away . He came from a terrible family . His father was a drunkard and his mother , well , Lyle and I always thought she was deaf ... Lyle ? That 's my husband 's name . Although he insisted Bobby called him mister . Angela ? They told me the hospital you 've been released that ... May I come in ? It 's kind of dark in here , don 't you think ? That 's not the answer . All that I 've ever wanted to do is be a pilot . They were preliminaries findings . Nothing has been decided . No . They already told me to get an attorney . That 's standard procedure . That will be civil sues . I can 't face those families . Listen to me . I don 't believe that the crash was your fault . Based on what ? Those people who had their lives taken from them , they had no choice . Don 't dishonour their memory by taking your own . Give me the chance to prove you are innocent . Once Jimmy Radloff disappeared , Bobby really got bad . Though there was no control of him except lock him in the shed . He hit his father with a shovel once . I 'm pretty sure that that was this ... push Lyle to kill Bobby . And cut off his head ? Well , I did think that was a bit extreme . Where is your husband now ? Solitary confinement , Topeka Penitentiary . Lyle rubs people the wrong way . I best get supper on ... The shed measures eight by ten . Same as a prison cell . If my father had locked me at a hole like this , I wouldn 't have framed him , I would 've killed him . Clearly Mr. Lyle was driven to influence slower functioned . Unfortunately he didn 't confine his need to just his father . I am sorry to bother you , sir . But I 've received the rather disturbing tip . That your son was using prescription drugs , not on the FAA authorize list . - It is ridiculous . - Maybe so . But accusation is so serious that going to require an investigation . I assure you if my son 've done anything that foolish , I would know about it . You have any idea how many flight truckies are barking for a seat in the cockpit for their major career ? I know some who had no trouble lieing to get pilot grounded , open up a slot ... I am sure that 's true . Why would he jeopardise his future by taking unauthorized drugs ? Besides , I wouldn 't allow him to . I have no choice on this matter . You always have the choice . Tell it to the victims of flight 105 . - Clark Thomas . - Jarod Lindsay was just here . He said he is going forward with an investigation to rumours that my son is using unauthorized prescription drugs . - Where did he hear that ? - I don 't know . It doesn 't matter . What does matter , is the fact that you promised to have this thing off , agree ? Yes , sir . Then get on it . " Reconstructing Data , Demagnetizing Cylinder " My gilr-friend gave me this . She is afraid I 'm gonna forget her . It is nice known to have somebody care so much about you . Besides folks , you know I mean . Yep . " Data Reconstruction Complete " Our elevators are at zero degrees . I told you to put two notches . - We 're not gonna clear that way ... - I 'm sorry , Angela ... - Pull up , pull up . - I am sorry , Angela ! Oh , My God ! I told you to put two notches . We 're not gonna clear that way . Pull up , pull up . Our elevators are at zero degrees . I told you to put two notches . We 're not gonna clear that way . - Pull up , pull up . - I am sorry , Angela ! I forgot . I 'm sorry , Oh , My God ! Our elevators are at zero degrees . I told you to put two notches . We 're not ... This 's your idea of sick joke ? No . My idea of a sick joke is lying to protect your career while destroying Angela Wylie 's . You are crazy . Am I ? She didn 't cause the crash . You did . It wasn 't your blood that Clark Thomas took to the lab . You were flying alright . And what ? Speed ? Methamphetamines to sharpen your senses ? So why you 're sweating so badly . That 's not true . Did you know that Angela was thinking of taking her own life , because she couldn 't deal with the guilt of killing eleven people ? Shall we let her ? Rounded up to a nice even dozen ? All because of you . I 'll see you can take a position at Airista and make your father happy . There is no room for error with my father . You have to be perfect . And if you 're not , he just bribe Clark 's tongue to fix it , right ? He found about my drug intake after the crash . And it 's routine he 's been control like he controls everything else . He picked my schools , my girlfriends , my career . So how much works does he have to get before you say no ? You don 't understand . Nobody says no to my father . Not me , not Clark Thomas , no one . Don 't you think it 's time that someone did ? So Mr. Bowman , tell us about your son , Bobby . Bobby . I hated that little bastard . But I didn 't kill him . Who did ? If I knew that , I wouldn 't be in here , would I ? If I 'd bet I 'd say it was probably that counselor that started coming around when Bobby was fifteen years old . From the adoption agency . Said he was checking up to see how Bobby was getting along . But Bobby was getting along fine till he showed up . They started spending time together . Too much time . Do you remember anything about this counselor ? Oh , my lawyer tried to find him ever after I was arrested . But he never worked for the adoption agency . Oh , I think no . These padlock cutouts on the wall , what do they signify , Mr. Bowman ? Somebody 's idea of sick joke . They 've been showing up once a month ever since I got here . I use them to keep track of time . Except for the last month when they stopped coming . That 's because Mr. Lyle is dead . Diane . I want you to hear something . Clark ? It 's Jarod . There is something I want to see you about . A jump plane ? At least you can take me up a plane with a door . What are you doing here ? Lindsay called , said he found something at the crash site you wanted me to see . Oh , good . Everyone is here . Shall we ? I am sorry , Mr. Larson . There must be a misunderstanding . Oh , there has been no misunderstanding . I 've uncovered some new evidence about what caused the crash . What kind of new evidence ? The kind you have to see to believe . Gentlemen . - Why are we so low ? - Better to simulate the descent of flight 105 . Hey , will you take over for a minute ? I have to go in the back . Why don 't you take my seat ? It 'll get a better view . What new evidence could he have found ? There was nothing left on that mountain . The head has already been examined . Alright , what the hell is this all about ? Jarod ? Jarod . He jumped ! What the hell is going on here ? Pull up , get out of the tour . I can 't . It 's jammed . The hydraulic is ... Problem , boys ? Well , now you know how Angela Wylie felt when she realised she was going to crash . Now there is a way for you to survive . But it comes at a price . What do you want ? Truth . About how you bribed Clark Thomas to cover for the fact that was really your son , that caused the crash of flight 105 . Speechless , ah ? Careful . The voice recorder is taking down everything you say . Only Clark won 't be able to demagnetize the voice cylinder . 70 seconds to impact . If they find what 's left in the plane , they will do toxicology test on your bodies . Anything you got to hide , Mr. Larson ? Oh , it 's too bad . Because Clark won 't be around to temper with the blood tests . 50 seconds . Damn it , Jarod ! Okay , I did it , I took the bribe . Now unlock the slabs . What about you , Mr. Larson ? Larson , tell him , damn it . Is your reputation more important to you than your life ? Larson . We are going to crash , tell him . Alright , it 's solved . I bribed Clark Thomas to protect my son . Clark , there is a toggle switch underneath your seat . Push it backward . I was close . Just let you know , there is only enough gas in your tank to get you back San Diego . Oh , by the way , there is a police car waiting for you when you get there . I am not buying your theory about Mr. Lyle 's , Syd . Please , Miss Parker , listen . All I am saying is as if Lyle was able to fake his death as a teenager , well , perhaps he has done it again . And that 's what Jarod has been trying to tell us all this time , that Lyle is alive . I shot the son of bitch myself , Sydney . I saw him fall into the river , you and I were there together when they dragged his body from the water . A headless body . So ? - Exactly the way he faked his death the last time . - There is no last time , the man is dead . There is nothing on Lyle . Except for date of employment and date of termination . But I did find this under the name of Bobby Bowman . It 's a copy of adoption paper giving custody of Bobby , Mr. Lyle , to the Bowman 's . It 's only one reason the Center would have records of Lyle 's adoption . They arranged it . - I 'll get Lyle 's body exhumed ... - Oh , no , no , you can 't . The Center had Lyle 's body cremated . " Plane Crashed Cover-up Revealed " Thank you , Jarod . You saved my life . Can I help you ? Oh , Daniel . My name is Jarod . I met Daniel while we were waiting for the plane . It was overbooked and he was going to get bumped . He was worried about missing his registration . I don 't understand . I gave your son my seat on the flight . I am so sorry . I just thought you ¡ ­ I should probably go . Wait . Jarod . Please , would you , would you come inside ? Tell us about your time with our son . Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life . " Crash " End Dictation : ± ¿ ± ¿ / ´ Ð ´ Ð
