 How strong are you ? Test me . You have mail . " Refuge " " Have urgent information concerning your past , present and future . Please Meet me in DRY RIVER , ARIZONA . Sydney " " Welcome to DRY RIVER a friendly little town " Morning . I 'm new in town and I was supposed to meet a friend . I was wondering if you gentlemen might have seen him . Look , I don 't mean to interupt your game , but it would be nice if you at least look at me . They cannot hear you . Excuse me ? Those are the Mitchell brothers . They are deaf as posts . - They said ... - So it looks like it 's going to be another hot day . You speak sign language ? - Deputy Miller . - Jarod ... Barber . We don 't get many visitors to Dry River , Mr. Barber . What brings you to town ? Actually I 'm here to meet a friend . Maybe you 've seen him . He is fifty something , distinguished looking ... - Distinguished ? - Um . I would remember him , wouldn 't I ? I think I 've probably taken up enough of your time , deputy . - Have a nice day . - I 'm afraid I 'm gonna have to ask you to stick around a little while longer . Excuse me . You 're goint to come with me , sir . And why would I want to do that ? Because if you don 't , I 'm going to have to kill you . There are pretenders among us . I was taken from my family . Thirty-Six Hours , he is already demonstrating more talent than any of our others . How many people died because of what I thought up ? Since I broke up , I spent every moment searching for my past . He is a pretender . A genius who can become anyone that he wants to be . - The Center wants him alive . - Preferably . He defends the weak and the abused . Life is a gift . THE PRETENDER Season 2 Episode 19 Red Rock Jarod DICTATION : ± ¿ ± ¿ / ´ Ð ´ Ð You are a doctor ? I am , today . " Dead End " So much for anonymous tips about Jarod . The guy said that we would find what we wanted right here . If we were looking for a urban blight and the the overwhelming stench of urine , he was right on the money . You think we 're being led astray ? Thank you , Sherlock . The pink ? Oh , I let Debbie do the larudry . She kind of got the colours mixed with the whites . And I don ¡ ¯ t want to hurt her feelings . Don ¡ ¯ t let her cut the grass . I want a team to sweap the area . I want everything within a fifty-foot radius brought back to the Centre . Miss Parker . There are something here you should see . Miss Parker . Parker , you alright ? Your mother ¡ ¯ s identification card , and the expiration date has been changed . It seems Jarod has cultivated a darker sense of humour since we last spoke . Did I miss something ? The new expiration date . That ¡ ¯ s the same day her mother was killed . Everyone who ¡ ¯ s arrested has the privilege of making one phone call . You ¡ ¯ re not under arrest . You ¡ ¯ re being detained for questioning . About what ? Sheriff Delmont will explain it all to you when he gets back . This is crazy . Just go with the flow and nobody will get hurt . Miss Miller , come quick . It is J.R. J.R. ? What happened ? We were tossing around a football by the church and he just passed out . - Well , go get Dr. Kraner . - He ¡ ¯ s gone to Tucson for the day . We got JR inside the church , but he ¡ ¯ s out cold . I have some medical training . This is my son we are talking about . I can help . J.R. You kids get back . Get back . J.R. honey ! Sweetie , can ou hear me ? - J.R. - He is in shock . - He ¡ ¯ s still breathing . - He is hypoglycemic . When was the last time he ate ? Oh , he had cereals for breakfast 3 or 4 hours ago . Only water since he was here . Is he going to be okay ? J.R. Come on , honey ! What do you think you ¡ ¯ re doing ? ? I need to stabilize his blood sugar . I ¡ ¯ ll stick this in your mouth . I want you to let it dissolve , okay ? Good boy . Mum . It 's ok , honey . It 's ok . Everything is going to be ok . How is he feeling ? Better . He has a heart condition . I noticed the bluish tint to his fingertips and his lips . I would say , by the looks of it , it ¡ ¯ s congenital . You have a very sick boy . Are you a doctor ? Not at the moment . Why hasn ¡ ¯ t he had a heart transplant ? Because he 's on the waiting list . Because he has AB negative blood , which is very rare . It only happens in certain families . One in three hundred thousand . I know . I have it too . This is the guy ? - " Message received . Will meet in DRY RIVER as requested . Hopes remain high . Jarod " - I may have found Jarod . I received this email from him today . And you said you didn 't send this " refuge " message to Jarod ? If I had , would I be showing it to you ? That 's a good point . What is this Dry River place , anyway ? According to the computer , there is a Dry River in Southwest Arizona . This is Parker . Have the jet prepared . Well , get it out of the Hangar . - Forget it ! Just book me a seat on the next commercial flight to ... - To Phoenix . Phoenix , and I ¡ ¯ ll pick up the ticket at the gate . Uh , you ¡ ¯ re going alone ? I 'm a big girl , Broots . Have this stuff analysed by Cousin It . Angelo . I don ¡ ¯ t like dead ends , Sydney , especially when they concern my mother . Hold this . Then he helped J.R. back to the squad car , and we brought him back here . A touching story . Sheriff , he had every opportunity to escape , but he didn ¡ ¯ t even think about running . - What 's your point ? - He helped save my son . Surely there is another way we can handle this . There 's not . You did a decent thing for the boy and I ¡ ¯ m grateful . But if you give me one second of trouble , I ¡ ¯ m going to shoot you dead . You understand me ? Completely . Well , let 's go . " Dry River " It ¡ ¯ s a lucky thing I showed up here today . Your deputy has a pretty sick boy on her hands . He could have died . It must be difficult , watching someone you love suffer like that . What about you , sheriff ? You have any family ? I think it ¡ ¯ s going to be a whole lot easier if you and I don ¡ ¯ t get to know each other . Get out . Let 's go . Go straight . Move ! Go right over there . Stay there . Let 's go . Go on . - Somebody cut themselves ? - Sit down over there . Look , it ¡ ¯ s pretty obvious by the way I ¡ ¯ ve been treated that something terrible has happened . Why don ¡ ¯ t you tell me what it is ? - I cann 't . - Why not ? Because I won ¡ ¯ t let him . Lyle . Gone but not forgotten . And so it begins . This is all the stuff brought in from the dead end street . You think he 'll be able to help ? Empaths possess such fine-tuned instincts , Broots , they can ¡ ¯ t be hurried . Or discouraged . Or grossed out apparently . I think Jarod believes the initial refuge signal to be authentic . Add to that the phoney tip on his recent whereabouts , it becomes clear that someone has lured him to Arizona . - Jarod could be in serious trouble . - I believe yes . The question is from whom ? Angelo , could you give it a rest already ? Wait . He cann 't pick it up . Why ? The person Angelo is empathing doesn 't have a thumb . How long have I been out ? A couple of hours . Oh , that ¡ ¯ ll be a good one . You sent the message . You really are a genius . How did you find out about refuge ? You forget . Before I found myself thumbless in the desert I was head rat at the cheese factory . You may have taken off with the DSAs , but I had access to surveillance videos of every conversation you and Sydney ever had . I wish you could have seen your face when you first saw me . It was priceless . Thumb looks pretty bad . If you don ¡ ¯ t take care of it , you could lose the whole hand . It ¡ ¯ ll be fine . You seem to have captured loyal support from the locals . Sheriff Delmont ? Afraid his involvement has less to do with loyalty than it does survival . I don ¡ ¯ t follow . My first acquisition after arriving in this little oasis was securing some leverage in the form of Mrs. Delmont . You kidnapped his wife ? And buried her in the desert . She ¡ ¯ s currently being fed oxygen supplied by a five horsepower gas generator , which with an adapted fuel capacity of fifteen gallons - should run for about ... - Sixteen hours Sixteen ... Give or take a few minutes . When I check my watch , she should have life support remaining in the area of seven hours and twenty minutes . You ¡ ¯ ll appreciate this : she ¡ ¯ s pregnant . I guess about six months . So you see , our good Sheriff is in no position to be anything but cooperative . You are insane . Psychological diagnosis can be really subjective . - What do you want ? - Isn ¡ ¯ t it obvious ? I want everything . - What ? - Lyle is alive . - What did you say ? - Angelo had a severe reaction to one of the objects brought in from the dead end street . I ¡ ¯ m certain Lyle is behind all of this . We ¡ ¯ ve been over this , Sydney . Lyle is dead . I shot him point blank in the chest . Think about it . Sydney . You were there , do you remember ? When they pulled his body from the river ? It was never positively identified , Parker . Lyle faked his death as a teenager . He just did it again ! Parker ? Parker ? Look , you got what you wanted . Let the woman go . Not until I finalize negotiations . Negotiations ? The Triumvirate is preparing to meet to choose my permanent replacement . I intend to make that vote unnecessary . Look , where ¡ ¯ s a clip-on tie when you need one ? You really think that the Centre ¡ ¯ s going to let you just walk right in there like nothing ¡ ¯ s happened ? I bring back their Golden Boy and it ¡ ¯ s business as usual . Cos there ¡ ¯ ll have to be changes made , obstacles removed . Like Sydney and Miss Parker ? Among others . How long do you think it ¡ ¯ s going to be before someone decides to remove you ? Nothing ¡ ¯ s forever . However there is a way that we can assure our power base . We ? With your brains and my leadership skills there isn ¡ ¯ t anything we couldn ¡ ¯ t accomplish . I could be your friend , Jarod . Like you were my friend when you tried to stop my heart ? Why did you try to kill me ? Hey . I just got a call from my deputy . She says there ¡ ¯ s a tall , dark brunette woman asking questions about someone named Jarod and a man with a missing thumb . Parker . And this was going so well . Nothing is forever . Well , if you ever want to see that wife of yours again , get rid of her . Now . I believe there are two very dangerous men here in Dry River . You a cop ? I work for a private corporation . We ¡ ¯ ve been tracking these men for some time . Have you seen them ? Those people dead ? Murdered . Execution style . And that one ? Jarod . He has a history of mental illness . I ¡ ¯ ve been instructed by his family to bring him home . I haven ¡ ¯ t seen him . Sheriff , my information is certain . Dry River ¡ ¯ s a small town , Madam . I ¡ ¯ m sorry but I can ¡ ¯ t help you . Everything alright ? Oh , everything ¡ ¯ s fine , J.R. - Hello . - Hello . How are you doing , buddy ? I ¡ ¯ m tired . That ¡ ¯ s why you need to rest . Come on , I ¡ ¯ ll make you something to eat . Nice kid . What ¡ ¯ s the matter with him anyway ? He ¡ ¯ s dying . We have to call somebody . - Who ? - The FBI , the State police ... To accomplish what ? Have you seen this picture ? ! The man is a cold-blooded killer ! He ¡ ¯ s got my wife buried in the desert ! Yeah , but we can ¡ ¯ t just stand here ... He ¡ ¯ s a psycho . If he even thinks that I ¡ ¯ m crossing him , Lyn and the baby are dead . This really doesn ¡ ¯ t surprise me . What ¡ ¯ s that ? This rising from the dead game you keep playing . You pulled the same scam in high school . Only back then you got really creative : you murdered your best friend and then you set your own father up to take the fall . What do you know about my father ? I know that he ¡ ¯ s rotting in a jail cell , serving a life sentence for a crime you committed . He got what he deserved . What about your mum ? Did she deserve what she got ? Did I tell you I went to visit her ? Very nice lady , only she seemed a touch confused . Seemed she was trying to feed a couple of dogs that didn ¡ ¯ t really exist . You should not have gone there . She kept your bedroom just the way you left it . It ¡ ¯ s all very cosy ... One more word and you die . If you kill me here , you ¡ ¯ ll have nothing to bargain with . Which brings us to step two of the process . Look , I hate to throw a wrench in your plans , but it ¡ ¯ s against the law to impersonate a doctor . Now that ¡ ¯ s funny . See I ¡ ¯ m going to need something more substantial than photographs to demonstrate my resolve to the Triumvirate . An offering , if you will . Offering ? You should consider yourself fortunate . You ¡ ¯ ll be asleep when I cut off your thumb . No ! Miss Parker ? She ¡ ¯ s gone . She showed me a picture of you with a bunch of murdered people . Casualties of war . - Is there something else ? - I want my wife back ! You said when you had what you wanted you ¡ ¯ d let her go . Have you ever seen a human being suffocate ? It ¡ ¯ s not an easy way to die . Now your family has slightly less than three hours of life remaining . Unless of course you want to arrest me ? Miss Parker ! - She followed me . - Get rid of her ! Now ! This is private property . Wow ! Sheriff . I know they ¡ ¯ re here . Like I said before , Miss Parker , I don ¡ ¯ t know what you ¡ ¯ re talking about . Then how did you know my name ? I never mentioned it . I don ¡ ¯ t know what he ¡ ¯ s holding over your head Sheriff , but trust me . It will not end well for anyone . I can help you , if you ¡ ¯ d just let me . I wish I could do that . You ¡ ¯ re under arrest for trespassing . Hand over the weapon . Please . Don ¡ ¯ t do this . Don ¡ ¯ t fight the medication . There ¡ ¯ s nothing you can do to stop it now . Please . No . - They said you were dead . - Not hardly . They said you were dead . Not hardly , big brother . Sydney , this was just delivered for you . Who is it from ? Receiving . What is it ? What 's this ? Who could have taken these ? I decide who lives or dies . I decide who lives or dies ... Kyle . Jarod ¡ ¯ s brother ¡ ¯ s alive too ? Man , this is turning into the Night of the Living Dead . Hi , this is Sydney . I need seats on the next flight out to Arizona , and get the Centre helicopter ready for immediate takeoff from Phoenix . I decide who lives or dies ! I decide who lives or dies . I thought you ¡ ¯ d never wake up . Kyle ? I thought you were dead ! Yeah , that was the idea . I saw you in the van . I saw it explode . You saw the van explode but I wasn ¡ ¯ t inside . When you escaped I was able to crawl out and fire a shot into the fuel tank . My leg was injured so I made my way up to the highway and caught a ride out . How did you find me ? I ¡ ¯ ve been following Parker and the others for months , hoping they would lead me back to you . My thumb , and the rest of me , is glad you did . Jarod , have you learned anything else about our parents ? Sydney gave me this . His brother gave it to him before he died . Our father ¡ ¯ s name ? I don ¡ ¯ t know . I can ¡ ¯ t believe ... Where have you been ? In the shadows , waiting , watching . Now that we ¡ ¯ re together again I can finish this . Finish what ? I sent a package of photographs that ¡ ¯ ll bring the others here soon . It ¡ ¯ s almost over , brother . We ¡ ¯ ll start with Lyle . Kyle , what happened to him ? He tripped and hit his head . We have less than an hour . What are you talking about ? Lyle kidnapped a woman and buried her alive somewhere out in the desert . We have less than an hour before her air supply runs out . Jarod , we can ¡ ¯ t leave now . This is our chance to end this once and for all . We ¡ ¯ ll start with him . Did you hear what I said ? There is a woman and her unborn baby buried alive somewhere out in the desert and if we work together , we can save their lives . Lyle and the others deserve to die . And if they do ? What chance do we ever have of finding our parents ? Look , I know you ¡ ¯ re angry , but there ¡ ¯ s more important things in life than vengeance . Let me show you how good it feels to save a life instead of trying to destroy one . Kyle ! We ¡ ¯ ll need to know where they buried her , right ? Relax , brother . This is what I do . Hope you like meat loaf . I live for it . The sheriff said your son is sick . He has a heart condition , yes . I am sorry . He seemed like a really nice young man . Yes , he is . You have to let me out . I told you I can ¡ ¯ t do that . You know my mother died when I was almost your son ¡ ¯ s age , and I know how hard it is to lose someone that you care about . That ¡ ¯ s why I promise you that the sheriff and anyone else Lyle has involved in this mess will die unless I walk out of here . - You don ¡ ¯ t understand . - I understand perfectly , Deputy . I think that you need to get out there and take another good look at those pictures because that is exactly what will happen unless you prevent it . - You don ¡ ¯ t know what he wants ... - What ? ! What ? He ¡ ¯ s got the sheriff ¡ ¯ s wife buried alive out in the desert . Then we don ¡ ¯ t have much time , do we ? We must be close to the place . Kill the motors . There ¡ ¯ s a generator . It ¡ ¯ s coming from just over that rise . Come on ! Down there ! There it is ! It ¡ ¯ s out of fuel . Hurry ! Find the feeding tube . Got it ! Dig ! - It ¡ ¯ s sealed tight . - Watch it . Hurry , there can ¡ ¯ t be much air left in there ! Ok , that 's ok . It 's ok . It ¡ ¯ s okay , you ¡ ¯ re safe now . You ¡ ¯ re safe now . Going somewhere , Lyle ? Miss Parker . How nice to see you again . I wish I could say the same . What happened to you ? Jarod ¡ ¯ s little brother wanted some information . Kyle is here ? We negotiated . I lost . Doesn ¡ ¯ t anybody ever really die any more ? You left that envelope on that sign . What gave me away ? Jarod ¡ ¯ s a pain in the ass but he ¡ ¯ s not heartless . That ¡ ¯ s for my mother , and this is for me . God , you ¡ ¯ re beautiful when you ¡ ¯ re angry . - Oh , my god . - Oh Carl ! Are you alright ? I was so scared . - Where is he ? - We left him chained up at the compound . I ¡ ¯ m going to sit you down . It ¡ ¯ s going to be alright now , okay ? - What are you going to do ? - What do you think ? Sheriff wait . Let us handle it . The man almost killed my family . Which is exactly why you need to get your wife and baby to a hospital and make sure they ¡ ¯ re ok . No . Now you boys be careful . Don ¡ ¯ t worry Sheriff . I ¡ ¯ m no hero . The Sheriff said the Foundry ¡ ¯ s on the edge of town . - He ¡ ¯ s not in the trailer . - He ¡ ¯ s not anywhere in the building . He ¡ ¯ s gone . Which means he ¡ ¯ s out there . Somewhere . Let ¡ ¯ s head back to the hospital . I want to see how the sheriff ¡ ¯ s wife is doing . You were right , you know . About what ? About how it feels to help someone . When that woman grabbed me after I saved her life and thanked me , it was like nothing I ¡ ¯ d ever felt before . I ¡ ¯ ve been angry for so long , so full of rage and revenge I ¡ ¯ d forgotten what it was like to care about someone . That ¡ ¯ s all going to change . Now that we ¡ ¯ re together . And I promise . Come on , let ¡ ¯ s go . Oh , this is beautiful ! It ¡ ¯ s just one big happy family , isn ¡ ¯ t it ? ! It ¡ ¯ s the end of the line , Lyle . There ¡ ¯ s no place left for you to run . I ¡ ¯ m disappointed in you , Jarod . You know me better than that . If there ¡ ¯ s one thing I don ¡ ¯ t do easy ¨ C it ¡ ¯ s die . Drop the cannon , Kid . - Shoot him you moron ! - Shut up ! Stay back , or I put a very large hole in big brother . Kyle . Threats and pain that ¡ ¯ s all you ¡ ¯ ve ever offered us . You stole our lives and you killed our spirit , now you think you can threaten us with death ? It doesn ¡ ¯ t matter , Lyle . because we never made a difference anyway . I ¡ ¯ ll kill him . I swear I will . And then I ¡ ¯ ll kill you . Don ¡ ¯ t do this , Kyle . By the way , Lyle , how ¡ ¯ s that knife wound ? You stay with me little brother . I ¡ ¯ m gonna get you to a hospital . It 's too late , Jarod . Don ¡ ¯ t you say that . Look at me ! Come on , just think ... think about all the good times we ¡ ¯ re going to have together . I 'm sorry , Jarod . For what ? For everything . No . It ¡ ¯ s time to come home now , Jarod . Where is Lyle ? We ¡ ¯ ll find him . Right , nobody move ! Mister , I don ¡ ¯ t know who you are but I figure I owe you at least one get-out-of-jail-free card . There are two of us Sheriff . What ¡ ¯ s to say we won ¡ ¯ t shoot you right now ? Well , mostly because this is a ten gauge pump action shotgun that will pretty much cut anything in half that it ¡ ¯ s aimed at and right now it ¡ ¯ s aimed at you lady ! Jaord . I ¡ ¯ m sorry . Where will you be taking him ? Some place where he can make a difference . " Trauma team to ICU on six west ... " - How is he , Dr Ridlin , my son ? - Just fine . The new heart is functioning on its own and barring complications your boy should live a long and happy life . Oh , thank you . It was a stroke of luck really to find a donor to match your son ¡ ¯ s blood type . Whoever that donor was , he ¡ ¯ s a Godsend . I don ¡ ¯ t know about that , Doc , but he was a hero . " Anonymous Man Donates Heart to Dying Boy " Good for you , little brother . Good for you . " Red Rock Jarod " End Dictation : ± ¿ ± ¿ / ´ Ð ´ Ð
