 [ Scully 's Voice ] From space , it seems an abstraction , a magician 's trick on a darkened stage . And from this distance one might never imagine ... that it is alive . It first appeared in the sea almost four billion years ago ... in the form of single - celled life . In an explosion of life spanning millions of years , nature 's first multicellular organisms began to multiply . And then it stopped . Four hundred and forty million years ago , a great mass extinction would kill off ... nearly every species on the planet , leaving the vast oceans decimated and empty . Slowly , plants began to evolve , then insects , only to be wiped out in the second great mass extinction upon the Earth . The cycle repeated again and again . Reptiles emerging independent of the sea , only to be killed off . Then dinosaurs struggling to life ... along with the first birds , fish and flowering plants . Their decimations - - Earth 's fourth and fifth great extinctions . Only a hundred thousand years ago ... Homo sapiens appear - - man . From cave paintings to the Bible ... to Columbus and Apollo 1 1 , we have been a tireless force ... upon the earth and off , cataloging the natural world as it unfolds to us , rising to a world population of over five billion people ... all descended from that original single cell , that first spark of life . But for all our knowledge , what no one can say for certain ... is what or who ignited that original spark . Is there a plan , a purpose or a reason to our existence ? Will we pass , as those before us , into oblivion ... into the sixth extinction that scientists warn is already in progress ? [ Speaking Native Language ] Or will the mystery be revealed ... through a sign ? A symbol ? A revelation ? [ Man ] Professor ! Professor ! Professor ! [ Native ] Two more ! Two more ! [ Dialing Rotary Phone ] Yes , get me the international operator , please . I need to place a call to the United States . Excuse me . I 'm looking for the biology department for a Professor Sandoz . [ Chittering ] Dr. Sandoz ? Professor Sandoz , I 'm Solomon Merkmallen . Dr. Merkmallen . My God , I thought something had happened to you . Oh ? Did you not get my message ? We were delayed in Frankfurt . - Look , the important thing is you 're here now and you 're safe . - Yes . Now , you brought me something , this discovery of yours . - Yes . - I 'm quite anxious to see it . I was concerned I might be relieved of it in customs . There was some trouble with the X-ray machine in Germany . - What kind of trouble did you have ? - I told you of its power . Yes , of course . My credentials were the only thing that prevented me from being further detained . [ Monkeys Screeching ] I can 't explain how it is , but the two pieces have become one . I was hoping they 'd match the piece that you found ... so that you might see for yourself its magic . Have you had any luck reading it ? You 're not Dr. Sandoz , are you ? - [ Grunts ] - [ Scuffling ] [ Screeching Continues ] [ Gasps ] A case like this , I , of course , thought of your obvious interest , Dr. Merkmallen 's views and theories being what they were . I believe Agent Mulder is familiar with his work . Dr. Solomon Merkmallen , professor of biology , University of Ivory Coast . [ Skinner ] He flew in yesterday from Africa . Two hours later , he was apparently murdered at American University . His body is missing , but there was enough blood found to make a fair assumption . A couple of students also confirmed that they spoke to him ... when he asked for directions to find Dr. Steven Sandoz , also a professor of biology . Both men espouse a fringe theory called panspermia . - It 's the belief that life originated- - - Elsewhere in this universe . - You 've heard of this ? - Yeah . It 's the idea that Mars or other planets ... were habitable long before Earth ... and that cosmic collisions on these planets ... blasted microbes into our solar system , some of which landed and flourished here . You 'd accept that as plausible ? Well , almost any scientist would ... theoretically . It 's just a theory . That 's about it though . You don 't think this has anything to do with his death , do you ? Dr. Merkmallen found an artifact in his country . This is a rubbing of that artifact . He claimed it contained a message , not only of his Mars theories ... but the very meaning of human existence . - Much less plausible . - Dr. Sandoz , the man he 'd come to meet , made a similar claim in a science journal . He said he 'd found an artifact almost identical to that with similar writings on it . And what was it supposed to say ? We 'd have to ask Dr. Sandoz that . - Well , why don 't we ? - We can 't . He 's missing . [ Chattering ] What are we doing , Mulder ? This is a police matter at best . Skinner wants us on the case . Are you gonna try to convince me you have no personal interest in this case ? I am just a hired gun for the F.B.I. - Oh , come on . - I wonder if there 's something to this . Two men suggesting that we 're all Martians . Why would they possibly come into foul play ? That 's what we 're being asked to figure out . I can 't believe you 'd stand here and- - [ Fades ] [ Ringing , Indistinct Voices Echoing ] There has to be some limit- - I mean , this endless pursuit of the truth , Mulder , it just doesn 't make any sense to me now . Mulder ? Did you hear a word of what I just said ? - No . - No . Well , maybe you didn 't want to hear it . No , I- - I couldn 't hear it . Mulder- - Look , after all you 've done , after all you 've uncovered- - A conspiracy of men doing human experiments ? Men who are all now dead . You exposed their secrets . I mean , you 've won . What more could you possibly hope to do or to find ? My sister . [ Officers Chattering ] I guess I was right about this being a police matter . - Detective . - [ Man ] Can I help you ? Agents Mulder and Scully with the F.B.I. What do you have here ? Probable weapon . Blood and hair on it . Looks like prints too . - Any word on this Dr. Sandoz ? - No . But we 're being told the prints are likely his . - Told by whom ? - The man your partner 's speaking with . - I 'm Fox Mulder with the F.B.I. - I 'm Dr. Barnes , head of the department . They 've asked me to suspend classes and organize interviews with the faculty . Any ideas yourself about what happened here ? - There 's plenty of speculation . - About the missing Dr. Sandoz ? Apart from his laughable ideas , my colleague was capable ... of almost anything to advance his rather questionable reputation . Capable of murder ? Dr. Sandoz 's notes are full of talk about an artifact coming over from West Africa . But like the man who was bringing it , that artifact has yet to be located . Are you speaking of this ? [ Ringing , Voices Echoing ] Mulder ? You know , Dr. Sandoz believes this writing was from aliens . He 's a trivial man . They have no patience for the scientific process . They 're happy to read their names in the tabloids . Pseudoscientists . Beyond embarrassment . - What is it , Mulder ? - I don 't know . This , uh , hollow noise . The same thing that happened to me at work in the elevator this morning . - Do you have a fever ? - No . This sounds weird , but I think it 's that thing . You 're not kidding . It 's just a piece of paper . Well , I recognize the ideography . [ Scully ] You 're late . I 'm sorry . I thought this was my office . - Fox ! - I called Chuck ... 'cause I knew you would for authentication , and to get his professional opinion on how you say it 's affecting you . - Fascinating , Mulder . - You don 't believe it , Chuck ? No , no . You know me . This is right up my twisted little alley . So , uh , what exactly are you experiencing ? Noise , aural dissonance . It comes and it goes . - Is it happening right now ? - No , but it was a few minutes ago . And it 's only affecting you ? Triggered by the rubbing . Wow . That blows me away . - Why ? - Because the rubbing is a fake . And I 'm not the first one to say so . The writing is Cree , phonetic Navajo , but no literal interpretation makes any sense . The fact it was found in Africa makes it more suspicious as a fabrication . - Suspicious of what ? - Do you know what a magic square is ? Yeah , it has to do with the occult . Right . V ery cool . They first appear in the ninth century in history . But , uh ... as the story goes , God himself instructed Adam in their use , and then handed down the secret to all his saints and prophets and wise men ... as a way of trapping and storing potential power ... to the person whose name or numerical correlative exercises that power . - That 's what this thing is ? - That 's what someone would have you to believe this is . - How do you know that ? - As it turns out , neither of us had to go very far to find out . Barnes documented Sandoz 's fakery once before . If he was blunt about his colleague when we met him , in here he is downright brutal . - Does he back any of that up ? - Well , it 's quite scholarly , actually . Barnes has made something of a career ... exposing science and religious fraud . Name your wonder of the world , he 's been there , debunked that . Yeah , but wouldn 't it be in his great interest ... to hide something that he couldn 't disprove with his scholarship ? Mulder , if it were real , then why would an American Indian artifact ... be fused in rock on the West Coast of the African continent ? In 1 996 , a rock from Mars was found in Antarctica . - How did it get there ? - It was from outer space . Begs the question , doesn 't it ? Why produce a fraud with Navajo writing ... in Africa ? [ Ringing ] [ Scully ] Mulder ? - Hey . - No , no , no . Step outside . Step outside . [ Door Opens , Closes ] You 're in pain . No , no , it 's going away . Mulder , whatever 's causing this , I think it needs immediate attention . - I 'm gonna schedule you an imaging scan . - No , I 'm okay . I really am . You 're not okay . If nothing else , you should be at home in bed . I 'm not going home to bed , Scully . I think I know what 's causing this . I know what happened to those two professors and that artifact . I had a sense of it yesterday when I met that man Barnes . - You had a sense of it ? - Yes . This man Solomon Merkmallen is dead . Barnes knows it . He killed him- - killed him in that lab . I hope you 're not going to suggest we arrest him on that rather baseless assumption . No , I 'm not . Not until after I show you what he did with the body . I 've been all through the place . You know what you 're looking for ? - We 'll let you know if we find it . - Ah . Cops have been here , too , you know . They couldn 't find nothin ' either . [ Scoffs ] - I 'll come get you- - - Yeah , yeah , yeah . Whatever happened to Dr. Sandoz , he certainly liked to fly south for the winter ... a lot . Gallup , New Mexico . Navajo country . I think I know who he was going to see . - That 's Albert Holsteen . - A World War II code talker . Maybe he was using him to read the symbols on the artifact . Or write them . Mulder , you also said that we 'd find a body . Care to make good on that prediction ? - Scully , you packing any latex ? - No . Why ? Doesn 't it smell like somebody forgot to take out the garbage ? - [ Insects Buzzing ] - Ooh ! - Ooh ! - Oh , God ! Phew ! Oh ! - This . - A genuine artifact . One of several pieces of an unknown hull . Dr. Barnes has one now too . That 's why he killed Solomon Merkmallen . - But the way his body was disposed of- - - Was to incriminate Sandoz , to make him look like the killer . It 's also to hide something that no one would think to look for . Scully , could you please tell ... what your medical exam found in the lab report ? Parts of his body were missing- - his arms , his hands , uh , parts of his vital organs and his thyroid . All of which would retain telltale traces of radiation . - Radiation from what ? - The artifact . On Agent Mulder 's urging , I ran tissue samples ... through what 's called a charged particle directional spectrometer . There were traces of a kind of radiation called C.G.R. [ Mulder ] Cosmic galactic radiation . It 's a type of radiation that 's found only outside our solar system . Agent Scully ? I don 't know how to explain it , but I feel that we can make an arrest . Oh , forget the arrest . We 've got to find these artifacts . - [ Ringing ] - Agent Mulder ? - Is there someone else on this case , sir ? - Excuse me ? There 's someone else on this case you 're not telling me . - What the hell is he talking about ? - I hear it in my head . Mulder , let 's go . [ Voices Echoing ] - Mulder , you 're losing it . - No , I 'm not . Listen to me . He 's not telling the truth . I 'm hearing people . He 's spying on us . Mulder , you need to see a doctor . - I need to find those artifacts . - I 'll find the artifacts . You need to go home right now . Mulder ? [ Door Opens , Closes ] [ Approaching Footsteps ] [ Chattering ] Is there something you 're looking for ? Yes , I was looking to speak to Mr. Holsteen . Mr. Holsteen cannot accept any visitors at this time . I understand . I saw him wheeled out of here in an emergency . What 's wrong with him ? I 'm not allowed to give out that kind of information . I know him . He 's helped me in the past . I 'm sure that he wouldn 't mind you telling me . Albert has cancer . He 's suffering from its effects . He 's dying . [ Chattering ] [ Man Shouts , Indistinct ] [ Monkeys Chittering ] [ Ringing , Indistinct Voices ] [ Ringing , Voices Continue ] [ Scully ] Hey ! Hey ! [ Alarm Ringing , Faint ] [ Alarm Continues ] [ Panting ] Look , I need answers from you . [ Door Opens ] You the man who called ? Dr. Barnes . Yes ? Dr. Barnes , you and I are ... destined to be great friends . [ Sandoz ] Albert was the only translator who didn 't dismiss me out of hand . When I showed him the original artifact ... he sensed immediately its power and importance . The trouble was it was only one fragment . - Not enough to read . - But then other pieces surfaced . Dr. Merkmallen found two more in the tidal shallows . He sent me a rubbing . Suddenly , Albert was able to make a real translation . A passage from the Bible on an artifact that you 're saying is extraterrestrial . And , uh , how did the aliens get it ? They gave it to us . The text came from them . I can prove it . It 's written here . I 'm sure of it . Albert was working to translate another section when his health turned . And , uh ... this was going to tell us what ? I don 't know yet . Albert said it just seemed to be random letters . - [ Phone Ringing ] - [ Woman ] Hello ? - [ Phone Ringing ] - [ Woman ] Hello ? Hello . Uh , I 'm sorry . I 'm trying to reach Fox Mulder . Hold on , please . Fox . Hello ? - Mulder , where are you ? - I 'm here . I 'm resting . Where ? Who answered the phone ? I 'm home . It 's okay . Where are you ? I 'm in New Mexico with Dr. Sandoz . - Does he have the artifact ? - Oh , God- - Mulder , this , uh , artifact , - if I 'm to believe what I 'm being told about it- - - What ? It has a passage on it from Genesis . - Scully , that artifact is extraterrestrial . - Mulder , it can 't be . - Did you know what that would mean ? - It would mean nothing . It would mean that our progenitors were alien , that our genesis was alien , that we 're here because of them , that they put us here . That is science fiction . It doesn 't hold a drop of water . You 're wrong . It holds everything . Don 't you see ? All the mysteries of science , everything we can 't understand or won 't explain , every human behaviorism , cosmology , psychology , everything in the X-Files . It all owes to them . It 's from them . I will not accept that . It is just not possible . Well , then , you go ahead and prove me wrong , Scully . [ Receiver Clicks ] [ Line Ringing ] Yes , it 's Diana Fowley calling for him . I received a call from Agent Mulder this evening . He was in a particular state of distress . I don 't know why , but I 'm staying here until I find out . [ Receiver Clicks ] [ Man ] You 'll find preparations for mass destruction on a scale ... that can only be imagined . - What can we do to stop them ? - There appears to be nothing we can do to prevent it . It becomes a question of managing the crisis . Otherwise , we 're facing annihilation ourselves . [ Scully 's Voice ] It began with an act of supreme violence - - a big bang expanding ever outward , cosmos born of matter and gas - - matter and gas - - ten billion years ago . Whose idea was this ? Who had the audacity for such invention ? And the reason ? Were we part of that plan ten billion years ago ? Are we born only to die ? To be fruitful and multiply and replenish the Earth ... before giving way to our generations ? If there is a beginning , must there be an end ? We burn like fires in our time , only to be extinguished . To surrender to the elements 'eternal reclaim ... of matter and gas . Will this all end one day ? Life no longer passing to life . The Earth left barren like the stars above - - like the cosmos . Will the hand that lit the flame let it burn down , let it burn out ? Could we , too , become extinct ? Or if this fire of life living inside us is meant to go on , who decides ? Who tends the flames ? Can he reignite the spark even as it grows cold and weak ? The healing ceremony has begun if you want to go inside . No , I don 't think that 's right . I don 't share in their faith . The medical doctors say they 've done everything they could . I know . I think they have . - [ Cell Phone Rings ] - I 'm sorry . - Scully . - It 's Skinner . Where are you ? - I 'm with Dr. Sandoz . - Where ? In Gallup , New Mexico . Where are you ? The hospital in Georgetown . I 'm calling with bad news . Mulder 's in serious condition . - What happened to him ? - Nobody knows . You should do whatever you can to get here as soon as possible . I have to go . I have to leave . Please , don 't let anyone know where I am ... until we know for sure . [ Approaching Footsteps ] They just told me he 's in the special psychiatric unit . - I told you on the phone- - - No , you said there was bad news . You didn 't tell me what was wrong . I 'm sorry . It just took me three flights to get here . I don 't know what to do . No one else does either . I knew you 'd want to be here to see him , to talk to the doctors . What ? What is it ? [ Mulder , Indistinct ] [ Door Opens ] Thank you for coming . He was asking for you last night . - You shouldn 't be in here . - What 's wrong with him ? This man , Fox Mulder . [ Screaming ] I 'm not sure what 's wrong with him , and we don 't know what to do for him . He 's got extremely abnormal brain function , but there 's no signs of stroke . - We 're waiting to run more tests . - Waiting for what ? He 's extremely violent . With what we 've given him , he should be in a barbiturate coma . But there 's brain activity in areas we 've never seen before . - I wanna talk to him . - No , he 's a danger to anyone . - Not to me . - Can we speak in the hall ? About what ? Agent Scully ? Scully ! When did all this start ? When we took this case , when Skinner gave it to us . - What kind of case is it ? - Investigation into a murder . - Of whom ? - The case has nothing to do with what 's happened to him . Agent Scully says it does . You know my background , my previous work on the X-Files . - If I can help on this case- - - The X-File here is a fraud . Scully has ample proof of that . Evidence authenticated by a scholar and authority . I never sent you that report . Anyway , the case is being resolved . [ Diana ] Not as far as it affects Agent Mulder . If you know what 's happening , why won 't you tell me ? Why were you with him last night ? He called me . I found him in a university stairwell . He could barely speak . He said I was the only one who 'd believe him about an artifact . You 're a liar . Scully . You 're both liars . - [ Departing Footsteps ] - [ Door Closes ] [ Chanting In Native Language ] [ Ringing ] Hello . Agent Scully . Dr. Sandoz . I 'm sorry , I didn 't know how else to reach you . - There 's something- - - Dr. Sandoz , I-I don 't know if this is a secure line . Yes . All right . But I realized something . The letters Albert translated on the artifact ? I know what they are . - What they are ? - Yes . They 're coordinates , Agent Scully . - For what ? - For genes . They 're symbols for gene clusters . The human genome . - Are you there ? - Yeah . I think it 's all here- - the map to our human genetic makeup- - every gene on every chromosome . Proof of what I 've been saying . If only we could find more pieces . [ Whinnying ] Dr. Sandoz ? - Hello ? - [ Gunshot ] Dr. Sandoz ? [ Native ] It 's the same . I 'll take you , but they are afraid . [ Child ] I made this ! [ Child ] I made this !
