 I think we all feel an empty place . Everybody loved Jennifer . Not just because she was a special person but because she was the kind of friend who was always there for you . We 'll miss you , Jen . We 'll miss your smile . We 'll miss the times we would have spent together . We 'll keep these memories close to our hearts until we meet again in God 's kingdom . ( # Satie 's " Gymnopédie No.1 " ) The family has requested a graveside service . I 've rescheduled the burial to tomorrow afternoon . We 'll keep the body overnight . Such a beautiful girl . Hello ? Who 's there ? I said " Who 's there ? " Donnie ... What the hell are you doing here this late ? - Working . - Working ... at this hour ? What is this ? What the hell were you doing ? Get out of here . You freak ! Get out of here ! And don 't come back . I should report you ! Just go on . Get out of here ! I got the call from Minneapolis PD saying they wanted the FBI to come out and take a look . Anything slightly freakazoid , that 's the drill . Call Moe Bocks . As if I 'm tight with all the nutcases in town ! So I shoot on down here to see what 's the what . And I 'll be damned if I 'm not knocked on my butt by what they show me . 22 years I 've never seen anything like it ! I get one look at the corpse and I 'm on the phone to my pal Andy Schneider down at the Mutual UFO Network . You know Andy ? - No , I don 't . - Well , he knows you . - Why 'd you call MUFON ? - To see if there was UFO activity in the area . You think this grave was unearthed by aliens ? Well , it has all the telltale signs , don 't you think ? - I mean , according to the literature . - Literature ? You know the way the hair and nails are cut away ? Sorta like they do in cattle mutilations . I hate to disappoint you , Agent Bocks but it doesn 't look like the work of aliens . - No ? How can you be sure ? I 've seen this kind of thing before at Violent Crimes . Whoever dug this up probably used a backhoe . If you check the ground , you 'll probably find new tracks leading to a garage nearby . - You think ? - He may work here , but it 's unlikely . He 's probably worked at a mortuary or cemetery at some time . Probably been busted , but you won 't find any record . It has to be bad for business when those kind of stories get around . You 're saying some human 's been doing this ? Yeah , if you wanna call him that . - You OK , Scully ? - Yeah . I 've read about cases of desecrating the dead , but never seen it . Nothing can prepare you for it . It 's almost unimaginable . - Why do they do it ? - Well , people collect salt and pepper shakers . Fetishists collect dead things-fingernails and hair . No one quite knows why . Though I 've never really understood salt and pepper shakers myself . - Sometimes you surprise me , Mulder . - Why 's that ? How that didn 't shock you back there . I 'd prepared myself for it before we left Washington . You knew this wasn 't UFO related from the start ? I 'd suspected as much , yeah . It took us three hours to get here . Our plane doesn 't leave until tomorrow . - If you suspected ... - Vikings versus Redskins , Scully . 40-yard line in the Hubert H Humphrey Metrodome . You and me . Have you lived in the Twin Cities area long , Mr Pfaster ? I grew up here . I was away for a few years . Oh ... What kind of work were you in before ? Cosmetology . Hair and make-up . Oh ... It 's interesting . If you don 't mind my saying , that 's a lovely colour lipstick you 're wearing . Is that Indian Summer ? Yes ... Yes , it is . You 're applying for the job as the delivery man ? To put myself through school . I 've gone back to school . Oh . And what are you studying ? - Comparative religions . - Oh . - Are you a religious person yourself ? - Yes . Very . I shouldn 't say this , but Mr Ficicello feels very strongly about religious backgrounds . He prides himself on the honesty of his employees . Can you put that on the application ? - I 'll attach a little note . - Thank you . Long , long pass . Here 's Garner with the catch . And Garner brought down at the Washington five-yard line for a Viking first down . Sorry you had to miss your game , but we 've found more bodies dug up . Did you get your Forensics report on the first one yet ? There was somebody down in the grave . Cut the hair with a pair of pinking shears . Gotta wonder about this guy ! Well , at least he wasn 't down there with his blow-dryer . - How many bodies does that make ? - Three in the last two days . What else can you tell me about the corpses ? The hair was cut from the heads of two of the bodies . From the third , the fingernails were pulled out with what looks like a pair of needle-nosed pliers . I want you to draft an eyes-only memo to everyone here and to all law enforcement agencies in the area . Saying what ? That the Twin Cities may have a ... escalating fetishist on their hands . - A what ? - An escalating fetishist . Security should be tightened around cemeteries and funeral homes . Hospitals should be notified . A story should be issued to the press warning of a possible stalker in the area . This isn 't New York , Agent Mulder . People keep their doors unlocked here . This is gonna scare ' em . Well , leave out the more gruesome aspects in your press release . Why do you want to alarm folks if this guy only preys on dead people ? Because his compulsion is growing . He may resort to homicide to procure his corpses . Once he gets the taste of a warm body , he 's probably gonna want more . Maybe I 've been isolated up here in the great white North too long . What do you mean ? People wondered why it took them so long to catch this kid in Milwaukee . Thought someone should 've noticed he was killing all those young boys . Truth is ... no one ever believed it could happen . If you catch this guy first , maybe they can go on believing that . We don 't have the manpower or expertise to move on this with any speed . It 's gonna be hard to round up anybody on a Saturday . It could be Monday or Tuesday before we get our ducks in a row . We have some work to do here . I 'm gonna cancel our flight out . - Scully ? - I 'll be right there . A complete model or psychological profile of the death fetishist does not exist . The compulsion is a result of a complex misplacement of values and a deviation from cultural norms and social mores . He is more likely to be white , male , and of average to above-average intelligence . Cases of fetishists with IQs over 150 have been documented . The progression of the pathology moves from the fantasy stage to the eventual acting out of fetishistic impulses , including opportunistic homicide . Agent Mulder believes that the suspect in this case is escalating towards this action . Once he begins to murder , the killing draws attention away from a deeper motive . A motive which most people , including law enforcement professionals , dare not imagine . It is somehow easier to believe , as Agent Bocks does , in aliens and UFOs than in the kind of inhuman monster who could prey on the living to scavenge from the dead . Hi . Hello there ! - Hi . - Hi . Are you looking for a date ? Yes . Why don 't you pull up around the corner over there ? Well , actually , I was thinking of a couple of hours . Where do you have in mind ? Don 't you have any heat in here ? It 's freezing . The forced-air unit is broken . I 'd like to run you a bath . Is your hair treated ? What ? Do you need a shampoo for chemically treated hair ? You want me to shampoo my hair ? I 'll pay extra if that 's something out of the ordinary . Well , nobody 's ever asked me . Excuse me . Hello ? - Is this Mr Pfaster ? - Yes . Hi , this is Marilyn at Ficicello Frozen Foods . Sorry to bother you so late but I 'm calling to say you 've been hired . We 'd like you to start right away . Hey , what 's going on here ? The water is ice-cold . What kind of sick freak are you ? Oh , my God ! - Mr Pfaster ? - Yes . That 's wonderful news . Thank you so much . Don 't you come near me . I mean it . Don 't you touch me ! Stay away from me ! Keep away from me ! Don 't you come near me . We 're still waiting for someone to ID the body . Judging from the area , I 'd say she 's probably a working girl . Watch your step . No ... Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! Who did this to her ? - Was it him ? - Looks like it . Knife wound the length of the torso . Cut all her hair off . Took her fingernails . This time he took some fingers , too . - Wanna see the body ? - Yeah . I need a minute . Hey ! Let him take a look . Hi . I 'm your new delivery man . Oh , hi . Come in . Did they give you Skip 's old route ? Yes , I think so . I 've just started with the company . Skip 's been delivering to us so long , we took it for granted he 'd always be around . Since before the kids were born . Lisa , this is , uh ... Donnie . Donnie Pfaster . - He 's taking over for Skip . - Oh , hi . - I 'm gonna go over to Steve 's now , OK ? - OK . You have a good time . - Bye . - Bye . We have three daughters . Oh . Pardon me . May I use your washroom to wash up my hands ? Sure . There 's a washroom just off the porch . I just wanted to tell you , if we 're ever not home , we always leave the back door open . Oh . Thank you . I 'll remember that . Death is a recorded event for reasons natural or unnatural . When a body ceases to function , the cause of the effect can be clearly reconstructed . A body has a story to tell . The time is 11.14am , Monday November 14th . The deceased is a female in her twenties . If the victim was strangled , an examination of the veins in the eyes will reveal this . If shot , entry wounds and gunpowder residue can be used to reconstruct the events leading to death and help to establish a possible motive . Hair and fibres , slivers of glass , plastic , even insect casings can serve to recreate the circumstances under which death occurred . It may be an irony only understood by those of us who conduct these examinations that death , like life itself , is a drama with a beginning , middle and end . It is my opinion , having conducted this examination that the victim died a wrongful death for the purpose of extracting her hair and fingernails . The time of death cannot be accurately judged due , I believe , to immersion in a cold environment , most likely water . For the record , it is my opinion that outside of child homicide , which may be more tragic this is one of the most angry and dehumanising murders imaginable . Mm-mm , I just don 't know . Look at each man carefully . He 's none of those guys . He was ordinary . He didn 't look like no freak . Do you remember what kind of car he was driving , what colour it was ? I think it was white . OK , you can go . Just leave a number and address where you can be reached . - You gonna catch this guy ? - We 'll catch him . Might be a good week to take that paid vacation the boss owes you . Yeah . Right ! If this guy looks regular and doesn 't have a record , he 's gonna be near impossible to find . Until he kills again , or until we can determine what drives him . I read your profile . Sounds like he can 't make it with women . It would explain the hooker . The hooker was just convenient . He 's after trophies . His victim was a young , attractive woman . The corpses he dug up were young women . What 's fuelling his need ? What 's important about the hair and fingernails to him ? It 's as if it 's not enough that they 're dead , he 's also gotta defile them . There 's a deeper psychosis here . It 's an unfathomable hatred of women , probably going back to his mother . I 'd say she 's pretty fried at him , too . I think we should call all the psychiatric facilities in the area and ask if they have any patients with similar pathologies . This kind of a monster isn 't made overnight . He 's been developing this fetish for years . The necessity of the story-myth - in a culture is almost universal . We think of myths as things that entertain or instruct . But their deeper purpose is often to explain , or make fanciful desires , wishes or behaviour that society would otherwise deem unacceptable . Because they are conveyed in a wrapping of untruth-the story - these thoughts become harmless . Take , for example , the stories we recite to our children . Snow White , Alice in Wonderland ... The subtextual themes , when the Queen orders " Off with her head ! " or the Prince awakens Sleeping Beauty with a kiss are what Freud would describe as death-wish imaginings . Excuse me . I 'm in your mythology class . - Uh-huh ? - My name 's Donnie . I sit a couple of rows over . Maybe you 've seen me . - Uh , I don 't know . I ... - I know . You sit up front . I just ... See , I ... I was going to my car and I saw you ... and ... Did he ask us to read chapters 10 and 11 , or 11 and 12 ? Oh ... I ... uh , I think it was , uh ... - It was chapters 10 and 11 . - Oh , thanks . I have to go now . - Don 't go . - Let go of the door . Help ! Someone ! Help ! - Hello ? - It 's me . They 've arrested somebody they think may be our guy . I 'll get dressed . He 's got a history of assault . 911 call came in from a security officer who saw it happen . She hurt him pretty bad . Yeah , he 's definitely our guy . - Who cut him ? - A working girl . They 're all carrying knives since what happened . I 'm Agent Mulder . Have you been read your rights ? I paid her the money , then she hauls out this knife . What am I supposed to do ? I smacked her a couple of times . Self-defence . Self-defence ... - He 's not our guy . - I thought we had him . We 're back to square one . Mulder , can I have a minute with you ? I 'll wait out front . I might better drive this investigation if I could focus on the evidence . - What do you suggest ? - That I take the body back to Washington . I could run it through the fingerprint lab . Those guys ... Scully , if you 're having trouble with this case , I want you to tell me . - I 'm not , Mulder . - I 'd understand . - I mean , it 's not exactly easy to stomach . - I 'm fine . Really ... I just think we 're a long way from catching this guy . If we could get a print , we 'd have something to focus on . Right now we 're at a standstill . I think it 's a good idea . I just don 't want you to think you have to hide anything from me . I 've seen agents with 20 years ' field experience fall apart on cases like this . I 'm fine . I can handle it . Hey ... What 's your name ? - You talking to me ? - Yeah . Were those FBI agents ? Yeah . What were they asking you ? They thought I was some freak who 's been diggin ' up corpses ! Man , I 'm in enough trouble already . What were their names ? - Who ? - The younger agents . Oh ... Uh , I don 't remember his name . She was Scully . Like that baseball announcer . Let 's go , Mr Pfaster . - Go where ? - Lady 's dropped the charges against you . They 're letting you out as soon as you talk to a psychiatric social worker . At first glance , there 's not much to work with . Satin doesn 't hold a print real well . There may be a latent in these blood stains . I suspect the killer wore gloves . Well , the body was on my flight , so it should be here soon . We 'll take a look . How long are you in town , Agent Scully ? I have a flight back to Minneapolis booked for tonight , but , um ... I might cancel . I 've put all other work aside . Thanks . You think that you find a way to deal with these things . In med school you develop a clinical detachment to death . In your FBI training you are confronted with cases the most violent and terrible cases . You think you can look into the face of pure evil and then you find yourself paralysed by it . Are you aware that you 've been talking about yourself in the second person ? No . Was I ? Do you know why ? Um ... Probably as another way of trying to detach myself from it . You 're a very strong person . You 've probably always felt you can handle any problem by yourself . But you feel vulnerable now . Do you know why that is ? No . Is it your partner ? Is there a problem with trust ? No . I trust him as much as anyone . I trust him with my life . Can you talk to him about the way you 're feeling ? I don 't want him to know how much this is bothering me . No . I don 't want him to feel like he has to protect me . I know you lost your father last year . And , uh ... I read in your file that you were very ill recently that your life was threatened . These exposures can leave you extremely vulnerable . I know these things . I 'm ... conscious of them . I know that the world is full of predators , just as it has always been . And I know that it is my job to protect people from them . And I have counted on that fact to give me faith in my ability to do what I do . I want that faith back . I need it back . That 's great . - Ah ! I 've been looking for you . - I had a meeting . - I got good news . - What did you find ? There was nothing on the sheets . But we pulled something off the body . The guy cut her fingers off , but not all of them . On her right hand , he left a thumb . I pulled this off the nail polish . There must 've been a struggle before he killed her-before he put the gloves on . - I 'll call Agent Mulder . - Somebody called for you . - Who ? - Said he was an agent in Minneapolis . I said you had a flight booked back tonight . - Was it Agent Mulder ? - I didn 't recognise the name . - Did you tell him about the print ? - I hadn 't found it yet . - Mulder . - Hi , it 's me . We got a print . - Scully got a print . - Fantastic ! I 'll modem it out to you to see if you can run a match . - Are you staying on there , Scully ? - No . I 'm coming back tonight . - Look , I know this is a horrific case , but if ... - I 'm OK with it , Mulder . - Anyway , you could use my help . - Always . You or Agent Bocks didn 't call here for me earlier , did you ? Did you call Scully ? No . - OK . I 'll see you when I get there . - All right . - FBI ! - I 'll take the bedroom ! Move it ! Move it ! Move it ! - Team two , go ! - Go ! - Team one , what is your status ? - We 're clear back here ! Clear ! Bill ! I think it 's human hair . Suspect does not appear to be at home . Let 's put out an APB on Donald Addie Pfaster , age 28 . Moe , take a look at this . - She should be here . - She was on the plane . It landed three hours ago . We found Agent Scully 's car . She was forced off the road . A white car . Get a sample of this paint on a plane to Washington . If we 're lucky , we can get a make and model of the car by morning . We 're gonna find her . Nothing registered to Donald Pfaster ? Right . Right , got it . The paint is called Ivory Bone . It 's a two-step enamel used by three makers of late-model mid-size cars . They estimate there may be 60,000 cars that fit that description in the metropolitan area . - Nothing ? - No . No one saw her leave the rental agency ? No attendant ? Sorry , Mulder , that 's all we got . People videotape police beatings on dark streets . They spot Elvis in three cities across America every day . But no one saw a pretty woman being forced off the road . He could 've taken her anyplace . How are we gonna find her ? Well , um ... We gotta start at the beginning . As nasty as it might sound , we gotta get inside this guy 's head . Where would he go ? - Anywhere but his mother 's , right ? - Why do you say that ? Being he 's so pissed off at her , from what your profile says . - Do we know where his mother lives ? - I don 't know . Let 's find out . The mother lives in Boca Raton , Florida . Correction . She used to live there . She died a year ago . Did she have a car registered to her ? Late-model white sedan . He inherited the car . Maybe Boca Raton was a winter house . Does she have a residence in Minneapolis ? Get the hell away from me ! Don 't be afraid . Is your hair normal or dry ? Where are you going ? There 's no way out , girlie girl ! I know this house , girlie girl . There 's nowhere to hide . Move ! Move ! Federal agent ! Hands in the air ! Hands in the air ! Can we get some paramedics here now ! Just help me get my wrists untied . - How did you find me ? - His mother owned the house . Willed it to his sisters . A patrolman saw his car out back . Get him outta here . Sure you don 't wanna sit down , Scully ? I 'm fine , Mulder . It 's all right . The conquest of fear lies in its acceptance in understanding what scares us most is that which is most familiar and commonplace . That boy next door , Donnie Pfaster the unremarkable brother of four older sisters extraordinary only in his ordinariness could grow up to be the devil in a button-down shirt . It 's said that the fear of the unknown is a response to the excesses of the imagination . But our fear of the everyday , of the lurking stranger , of footfalls on the stairs the fear of violent death and the impulse to survive are as frightening as any X-File . As real as the acceptance that it could happen to you . As real as the acceptance that it could happen to you . Subtitles by Visiontext I made this ! ENGLISH HOH
