 Here you are , Mr. Rebhun . Another scotch and soda . [ Chuckles ] The only way to fly . I used to be just like you . Used to hate flying . I mean , the moment I got on the plane , I 'd be gripping those armrests like my teeth were being drilled . Truth is , statistically , you could fly every day ... forthenext26,000years before you 'd have an accident . Do you believe that ? [ Unbuckles Seat Belt ] [ Explosion ] - [ passengers Chattering ] - Ooh , baby ! Settle down . - [ Chattering Continues ] - What the hell is this ? [ Shouting , Screaming ] [ Screaming Continues ] [ Chattering ] # # Happy birthday to you # # # Happy birthday to you # # Happy birthday dear Dana # # Agent Scully # # Happy birthday to you # I didn 't know it was your birthday , Scully . [ Cheering , Whooping ] Mulder , you have never remembered my birthday ... in the four years I 've known you . That 's the way I like to celebrate ' em , is every four years . - It 's like dog years that way . - Dog years ? Thank you . You 're welcome . Oh , I got something for you . Oh , you 've got to be kidding me . - It 's something that reminded me of you . - What , an alien implant ? Two , actually . I made ' em into earrings . Mmm . " Apollo 11 . " Read the back . " Commemorating Apollo 11 and the mission to the moon . July , 1969 . " - I 'm touched . - It 's , um- - Excuse me . Are you Scully and Mulder ? Oh , promise me this isn 't leading to something really embarrassing . My name is Sharon Grafia . I 'm sorry to approach you like this , but I followed you . - I was asked to find you if something happened . - Excuse me ? You have no good reason to believe me , but my brother , who I believe you know , he said you 'd understand what to do . - About what ? - If he didn 't make it . - Excuse me . Who are you talking about ? - Max . Max Fennig . He was on his way here to deliver something that made him fear for his life . Something he said the government would kill for . But his plane , it went down two hours ago . What we know right now is that the plane designated as flight 549 ... Lost radio contact tonight at 1 900 hours EDT , and subsequently crashed into a wooded area ... approximately 30 miles from Albany , New York . Local law enforcement and EMTs have been on the scene ... for just under two hours , but initial reports are they 've found no survivors yet ... of the 1 34 passengers and crew listed on the manifest . I wish I could tell you that we had more information about the crash site , but darkness and the terrain are gonna make it pretty slow going until morning . We have a tape of the last radio exchange ... before 549 went down , which we 're gonna play . But I want to stress the need to keep everything ... you know or learn within the go team ... so that all information to the press ... comes from the I.I.C. - You cued up , John ? - [ Man ] Ready . [ pilot On Tape ] Copy , Tower. please advise . Do you see a need to adjust ? [ Tower Controller ] Negative , 549 . Steady air speed of two-niner-six knots . Maintain heading one-zero-zero at two-niner thousand feet . Go ahead , 549 . - [ Beeping On Tape ] - [ Pilot ] What the hell is this ? [ Tower Controller ] 549 , do you read ? [ Pilot ] We 've got something- - some intercept . My God ! My God ! Mayday ! Mayday ! Mayday ! And that 's all she wrote . Controllers tried to raise 549 on all available frequencies , but the pilots did not respond . Okay , we 've got an FAA charter leaving in one hour . - Accommodations- - - Excuse me , sir . I 'm Agent Mulder with the FBI . Is there any indication or suspicion that flight 549 may have been forced down ? - Forced down ? - You can hear the pilot say " intercept " on the recording . We have absolutely no data to support that . No confirmation of other aircraft in the area . - Unless you have something . - No . No . But there was a passenger on that plane ... who was well-known to our government as an alien abductee . [ Murmuring ] - An alien abductee ? - A man named Max Fennig . A multiple-abduction victim . What 's known as a repeater . - [ Murmuring Continues ] - Hold on a second . Please . Can I have some quiet . He predicted the accident . From the sound on the tape , the plane may have been forced down . - Forced down by who , or what ? - I 'm hesitant to speculate . - Mulder- - Your name 's Mulder ? - Yes , sir . Let me tell you something . I 've been doing this for 18years . I thought I 'd heard everything . I 'm looking through the manifest here , and there was no one named Max Fannigon flight549 . Fennig . And there may be people who want to cover up this evidence . Agent Mulder , is this an official FBI position ? No , sir . Because what you 're suggesting trivializes this tragedy ... and casts these fine people and the work they have to do ... in a light that I think you 'd be well-advised to avoid . I think we all share the same goal here , sir , and that 's to find out what caused that plane to crash . And if any of the capable men and women in this room ... - find Dr. Spock 's phaser or any green alien goo , - [ Murmuring , Chuckling ] we 'll be sure to give you all the credit . - [ Chuckles ] - All right then . You sure know how to make a girl feel special on her birthday . [ Indistinct Radio Chatter ] [ Indistinct Chattering ] Have you ever seen anything like this ? Where 's the plane ? They think it hit the ground at over 300 miles an hour on an almost vertical descent . Meteorological data is being collected and analyzed , and so far they are attributing the crash to weather phenomena , to a rapid depressurization caused by a lightning strike ... or by something called a wind rotor coming off the Adirondacks . But not to Max Fennig . Even if he was on this flight , looking at this , he 'd be in a hundred pieces . They 're gonna be lucky if they can I.D. half the bodies they find here . He was on this flight , Scully . I 'm sure of that . He was on this flight , Scully . I 'm sure of that . Well , say we do find him . What 's that gonna prove ? I don 't know . Maybe that one man 's life was worth sacrificing 1 33 others . [ Helicopter Approaching ] Is that a hand ? - Is that a watch ? - Yeah . What does it read ? - 8 : 01 . - So does this one . What are they listing as the time of the crash ? Uh , 7 : 52 p.m. - Just nine minutes ' difference . - It 's gotta be a mistake . Nine minutes . Do you remember the last time you were missing nine minutes ? [ Sighs ] Mulder , no one even reported the plane on radar . These guys are just going off of estimates until they can recover the data recorder . Yeah . Something just occurred to me . - What ? - I don 't think we 're gonna find Max Fennig after all . Just a few minutes ago , you were absolutely certain he was on this flight . Yeah , but I 'm beginning to doubt whether he finished this flight with the rest of the passengers . [ Man Shouting ] Hey ! Get me a medic over here ! This man 's alive ! This man 's alive ! Get me a medic over here ! Somebody ! [ Man ] Right there ! Let 's go , let 's go ! We need an airlift to a burn unit as soon as possible ! This man needs oxygen and a saline I.V. ! Sir , can you hear me ? Sir ? I 've got what you asked for . - All of those are from Max ? - Every letter he ever wrote me . You said to bring everything I had . I 'm still not sure why . Sharon , we believe that there are things that you haven 't told us . - We need to know everything that you know . - About what ? About Max . About where he 's been . About where he 's traveled . About exactly what it was he was carrying on that flight . - Did you find Max ? - No . But we found a passenger ... with severe burns , severe cellular damage . Burns that we wouldn 't see unless the victim was exposed to a high level of radiation . - Something Max was carrying ? - We need to know what that was , Sharon . If you 're withholding any information , there could be severe consequences . Mulder ? Man 's name was Larold Rebhun . The manifest has him listed in seat 1 3-D , which is the aisle seat right here . My guess is that Max Fennig was in 1 3-F , window seat . But the manifest has a passenger in that seat as a- - Paul Gidney . It 's an alias Max Fennig used in his letters when he went underground . He had many aliases , in fact , one of which he used to get a job ... at the Rocky Flats Environmental Energy Site in Colorado ... where they handle and store uranium 235 and weapons-grade plutonium . Do you think Max was carrying plutonium ? Mulder , the burns on that passenger 's face were deep-tissue radiation burns . I don 't know how else he might have gotten them . - What would Max be doing with that ? - I don 't know . He wrote hundreds , maybe even a thousand letters describing his abductions , but beginning in January , he started making vague references to a theft . Now , it seems to me from reading it that he started to get the idea ... that he 'd come on to something that was very dangerous . So what caused this crash ? If he was carrying fissile plutonium , Mulder , and it became exposed in the cabin , it very conceivably could have caused the crash . You want to know what I think , Scully ? - I 'm gonna tell you . - [ Instrument Clicking ] I think Max was abducted , sucked right out of this door at 29,000 feet , and the burns we 're seeing are a result of that abduction . - Mulder- - - And all the evidence will point to this conclusion , but it will be dismissed because of its improbability , its unthinkability . - Mulder- - - The crash of flight 549 will go unsolved unless we prove it . When Max is returned , he 's going to tell us the same story unless someone gets to him first . Mulder , Max is returned . I found out a few minutes ago . They found his body a short way from the wreckage earlier today . You 're positive of this ? Traveling under the name Paul Gidney , seat 1 3-F , with the same burns as his seat mate . There 's still no explanation for this crash . [ Investigators Chattering ] [ Rumbling ] [ Electrical Crackling ] [ Gasping , Whimpering ] [ Screaming ] [ Unzipping Bag ] [ Sobbing ] But you guys are willing to make a determination as to whether there was an explosion ... . pre-impact or as we can see- - [ Continues , indistinct ] But the data only points to an explosion ... after the aircraft- - [ Continues , indistinct ] Did you make a positive I.D. on Max Fennig ? Well , they 've located the cockpit voice recorder ... and the flight data recorder . - And ? - And the I.I.C. is making a statement to the press ... saying that there was a complete systems malfunction on the plane . In other words , there 's still no explanation for what brought this plane down . No , not yet , but they are taking a careful look at the emergency exit door . And while they cannot explain the radiation readings , they are not ready to attribute it as the direct cause . They 're not able to , or they 're not willing to ? - Why can 't you just accept the facts ? - Because there are no facts . What they 're telling you , what they 're gonna report , they 're the opposite of facts . A claim to ignorance of the facts . Claimed steadfastly , ignorance becomes as acceptable as the truth . What would you like them to report ? That there is not one wristwatch on any of those bagged bodies . The watches have been stolen . - Are you accusing these men of covering evidence ? - These men ? No . These men are trained to identify moving parts- - hydraulics , electronics . They 're trained to reconstruct those parts in the past and arrive at the present . But they can 't do that because somebody has stolen the past from them . Nine minutes of it . Nine minutes that became a lifetime ... for those passengers and now for their families . Someone has got to figure out what happened in those nine minutes . Somehow , we 've got to get that back . - Louis Frish ? - Yes , sir . I just got the call from the C.O. Said you were coming out with some questions . I 'm Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . If you 're here about the crash the other night , I already told the NTSB guys what I know . - They were already out here ? - Yes , ma 'am . Night of the crash . Were you in the tower that night ? Yes , sir . Me and Sergeant Armando Gonzales . - Did flight 549 show up on your radar ? - Yes , sir , it did . - Did you establish radio contact with them ? - No , sir . We would have no reason to contact a civilian airliner ... unless it crossed into military airspace . Would there be a record of549 on your log ? Yes , sir . I know it by heart . At 1 9 : 52 , flight 549 dropped from an altitude of29,000 feet . About 45 seconds later , we got an altitude reading of triple-X . I 've never seen anything like it . Hope to never again . - Then what did you do ? - We called 549 and got no response . Then we called A.T.C. in Albany . - And what was their response ? - We just gave them the information , Last we 'd heard . Is there something else you 're looking for ? About nine minutes . We 've been traveling a long way . Wasn 't the initial report that there was no radar confirmation of the crash ? Yeah . That must have come after our briefing . What did you tell them ? What I was supposed to say . Somebody 's gonna figure out what 's going on . I don 't ask . I don 't know . I don 't want to know . If they find out the truth , do you think anybody 's gonna take the heat for us ? [ Sighs ] I 'm not the only liar here . If they come back here to talk to me , I 'm tellin ' the truth . I 'm not gonna have no blood on me . Then you make me the liar . Roger . [ police Radio , indistinct ] - I don 't want any trouble . Did they find her ? - No , ma 'am . - We need some answers . The place is a mess . - We 'll do our best , ma 'am . Hey , you 're gonna have to take care of this . - You 're gonna have to pay . - Excuse me ? The room you rented for the woman ? Well , she trashed it and split . - Sharon Grafia ? - It was under your name . - Yeah . - Look at this ! And I don 't know what kind of game she was playin ' in here . She blew the door right out of the jamb . [ Sighs ] I doubt insurance will cover it . Does your policy cover the acts of extraterrestrials ? - We 'll take care of it . - Great . Okay , Scully , hit me with your best shot . - What do you think happened here ? - I haven 't a clue . It looks an awful lot to me like this place fell from 29,000 feet . - You think Max 's sister- - - Was abducted , just like Max . Maybe it runs in the family . - What happened here ? - You 're the experts . Why don 't you bring your team down here and work it out ? - They 've got their hands full . - Yeah , coming up with all that inconclusive evidence . I 've come to tell you we 've found some evidence . Good evidence . - About what caused the crash ? - Possibly . But I 'm not ready to make an announcement . Why not ? I 'm afraid I 'd sound as crazy as you . Is there someplace I can show you these ? Someplace with a door ? These lines you see here running outward from center- - Those are what we call fatigue cracks , caused by cyclic stress on the fuselage . - From what ? - Wear and tear . Most commercial planes have an average 20 , 30,000 hours ' flight time . Except 549 was a new plane . 549 had no wear and tear . - Then what caused that ? - I can 't tell you that . But I can tell you this . The way all these cracks radiate from a central point ... Looks like the door 's been shaken and blown outward , straight off its frame . If it hadn 't been for you , we wouldn 't have known what to look for . Sounds like what you 're describing is physically impossible . In normal operation , it could never happen . Not this way . But it did . [ Indistinct Radio Chatter ] Hey , man , how ya doin ' ? Sorry about before . It 's , uh- - I was way out of line . I just- - [ Sighs ] I 've just been letting this thing get to me , I guess . Hey , Gonzales ? - Did you find him , Sergeant ? - He 's not up there . [ Tower Controller On Tape ] Thirty five thousand feet . It 's negligible . Nothing to be concerned about . [ Pilot ] Copy , Tower . Please advise . Do you see a need to adjust ? [ Tower Controller ] Negative , 549 . Steady air speed at two-niner-six knots . Maintain heading one-zero-zero at two-niner thousand feet . Go ahead , 549 . [ Pilot ] What the hell is this ? [ Tower Controller ] 549 , do you read ? [ Pilot ] We got something- - some intercept . My God ! My God ! Mayday ! Mayday ! Mayday ! [ Line Ringing ] - Scully . - Scully , it 's me . I just realized something . The voice of the air traffic controller- - I 've heard it before . - We 've been up for 36 hours . Can it wait till morning ? - No , I know , I know . I just need you to come over here and listen to this right now , okay ? I 'm on my way . - [ Gasps ] - Don 't scream . Just listen to me . Listen to me . I 'm the man responsible . I 'm the one that caused that plane crash . [ Investigators Chattering ] Uh , give me a second . You said you had someone who had some information ? This is Louis Frish . Sergeant Frish . He 's the air traffic controller you heard on the recording ... that you played for us the other night . That was from Albany Control Center . - It was the voice of a civilian air traffic controller . - No , sir . There seems to be more than a little discrepancy . What you 've been told , what you 've been led to believe ... was built upon a lie that Sergeant Frish was asked to perpetuate . Along with Sergeant Gonzales , who is now dead . I was asked to lie . I was ordered to lie about what happened to flight549 . - By whom ? - My C.O. Flight 549 appeared on my radar at 1 900 hours ... when we were asked to give its coordinates at 1 5-second intervals . About two minutes past 30 degrees north , we saw a second aircraft enter 549 's airspace in an intercept pattern . It shadowed 549 for another ten minutes ... before we were asked to give a new set of coordinates . A few seconds later , there was an explosion , and 549 disappeared from my radar screen . I don 't believe this man . There 's not one speck of forensic detail to support it . No sign of an explosion , no flashing , no residues , no oxidation , nothing . I 'm telling you what I saw . We shot down a civilian jet , knowingly and willingly . I 'm gonna tell you two something . - I have a responsibility to the truth here . - So do we . This man can 't testify to this story , not without evidence . - The military 's working to cover up that evidence . - The story makes no sense . Unless the aircraft that was fired on never appeared on his radar screen- - a third , unidentified aircraft then engaged the civilian jet , which the sergeant never saw . A stealth aircraft ? Shot down by the intercept aircraft , which in turn may have caused the crash of flight 549 , which means that the cause of this crash is not here ... but is out there somewhere at a second crash site . - Somebody would 've spotted it . - No , they didn 't know about a second aircraft . Except the military . Which means that this man 's life is in danger ... because he can put the pieces together . Then somebody has to get him someplace safe . If there 's a second crash site , Let 's find it . Mulder . Hold on . Mulder ? - Louis , help me out . - Don 't take your foot off the gas . - Is he gonna see us ? - No . We gotta get under him . We 're not gonna make it . [ Rumbling ] [ Sobbing ] Somebody help me ! please ! Who 's there ? [ Sobbing Continues ] Oh , don 't- - Don 't let them take me again ! Louis ! Louis ! I want to ask you something . This is where flight 549 went down . As far as you know , there 's been no substantiation of a second crash site ? - Right . - What if that 's because there is no second crash site ? Because that second aircraft never fell to the ground . It came down somewhere around here . - In Great Sacandaga Lake ? - Yeah . Traveling north to south , 1 5 degrees . It 's a shallow intercept . Yeah , that 's very possible . Possible ? Are you okay taking Sergeant Frish back to D.C. ? - By myself ? - Yeah . - You just let me know what 's going on , Mulder . - As soon as I know . - I saw the sign . Are you Bearfeld ? - Yeah . I stopped by your place . Nobody was home . - Who are you ? - Fox Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . You got anything to do with what 's going on out there ? What 's going on out there ? Some kind of search-and-rescue operation ... or some damn thing . I don 't know . - Where ? - Out over at Democrat Point . Some kind of hovering lights , just there and then gone . Can you show me ? No , no , no . I need you to take me there . - I 'm just gonna get some things . - Where then ? [ Sighs ] I 'm gonna ask for some kind of protective arrangement . I need to talk to my agent in charge to get a feel for how to go on this , but I think it 's pretty clear you 're gonna want to talk to the right people . - Do you think I 'll be prosecuted ? - For what ? I gave the coordinates . You didn 't bring that plane down , Louis . I lied . I misled a federal investigator . I misled you . A hundred and thirty-four people , Sergeant Gonzales- - they 're all dead . - It wasn 't your fault . - But I 'm gonna have to live with it . I watched that plane fall out of the sky . It was just a dot on the screen , just a set of numbers . But that wreckage- - I can 't get that out of my mind . How those people died . How easy it is to lie . Just to say it was a dot on the screen . Until you see it . Look , I can 't tell you how to feel , Louis . But I can tell you that I will do everything I can ... to make sure you tell your story to somebody who will do the right thing . Yeah . Thank you . Do you think it 's safe to make a phone call ? I 'd like to tell my girlfriend that I 'm ... whatever . Yeah . Um , just tell her you 're okay . [ Mulder ] Over there . - How deep is it here ? - Fifty . Sixty , maybe . Have you worked at this depth before ? Not exactly . What exactly is your experience ? Once I , uh , I got a quarter off of the deep end at the " Y " pool . Last call , folks . Cocktail ? - No . - No , thanks . [ Chattering ] We 're being met here by a federal marshal . You 're probably gonna end up sleepin ' in somebody 's office . You want a drink ? You need a drink . Yes . - [ Bartender ] There you are . - [ Woman ] Yeah . Thank you . - Hey ! Birthday girl ! - Agent Pendrill . How are you doing ? I have something for you . Where have you been ? - I 've been , uh , gone . - Oh . Uh , can I buy you a drink ? No , you know , it 's okay . I 've , uh- - I 'm with somebody . Oh . [ Chuckles ] Let me buy him a drink too . - No . You know what ? It 's okay . - No , no . I insist . - Bartender ? Bartender ? - Yeah ? Set me up with a couple of birthday girl drinks here . Can I have a couple of your finest- - [ Chattering Continues ] Get down ! - [ Grunts ] - [ Screaming , Shouting ] - [ Gasping ] - You 've gotta keep breathing , Pendrill . Do you hear me ? Subrip by dreamer ( C )
