 " Each passing year has seen ... " our estimate of the probability of life in space increase , " More and more scientists feel that contact with other civilizations ... " is no longer something beyond our dreams , " but is a natural event in the history of mankind ... that will , perhaps , occur within the lifetime of many of us . " [ Man ] All right , great . Tell him to come on in . - Excuse me . - [ Man # 2 ] Make way . Lethe through . Agent Scully ? Detective Rempulski , Alexandria P.D. Thanks for coming down to do this . - It him ? - Yeah . Agent Scully , please have a seat . Agent Scully , we 've had a brief discussion , but will you restate the matter we 're here to put to rest ? Yes , sir . Four years ago , Section Chief Blevins assigned me to a project you all know as the X-Files . As I am a medical doctor with a background in hard science , my job was to provide an analytical perspective ... on the work of Special Agent Fox Mulder ... whose investigations into the paranormal ... were fueled by a personal belief ... that his sister had been abducted by aliens when he was 12 . I come here today , four years later , to report on the illegitimacy of Agent Mulder 's work . It is my scientific opinion ... that he became , over the course of these years , a victim- - a victim of his own false hopes ... and of his belief ... in the biggest of lies . We 're meeting the guide at base camp . - He 'll take us to the site . - Has he seen it ? Oh , yeah . He said it 's unbelievable . - How soon can we get to the site ? - Right now ? We 'd be pushing it to be up top by nightfall . I 'd rather sleep seeing it than lay awake all night wondering . - It 's gonna take some work . - I 've waited all my life for this day . Let 's do it . [ Man ] Over here ! Hello . - I assume you 're okay . Nice to meet you . - George . My God . It 's beautiful . [ Blevins ] Agent Scully , I presume you have a basis ... for this break from Agent Mulder . Recent events have shed new light ... that would serve to prove the existence of extraterrestrial life , which is the foundation of Agent Mulder 's consuming devotion to his work . What factual evidence ? Agent Mulder was recently contacted by a man ... whose pursuit of this evidence seemed to coincide with his own . In his intense desire to believe , Agent Mulder was duped by this man . He was fooled by an act of scientific sleight of hand ... calculated to perpetuate false truths , the larger lie . I am here today to expose this lie , to show the mechanism of deception ... that drew him and me into it ... and to expose Agent Mulder 's work for what it is . [ Scully ] Grabbing him by the knees , then him falling backwards , - tumbling over me and down the stairs . - [ Knocking ] - Hi . - Speaking of Bill , is he coming ? - Good evening . May I take your coat ? - Thank you . There he is . [ Laughing ] Hi . Hello , Dana . - Look at you . - Look at you , my big brother . I 'm sorry I 'm late . My ship got stuck in traffic . [ Chuckling ] - Did you get my birthday card ? - Yes , I did . - Thanks for remembering this year . - Once a decade . How you feeling , Dana ? - I 'm fine . Let 's get some dinner , huh ? - Yeah , I 'm starving . You came just in time . [ Guests Chuckling ] [ Bill ] So the parrot says , " I only got one question : What did that chicken in there do ? " [ Laughing ] - Mom , I 'll open some more wine . - Okay . [ Sighs ] I feel awkward sitting here . I 'm sure you do too . - No . I 'm sorry . - I 've known your family for so many years . Your mother asked me to come , that I might have a word with you . I know it 's been some time since we 've spoken ourselves , since you drifted from the church . - Father McCue- - - But at a time of personal crisis , a threat to your health , - turning back to your faith is important and essential . - Father McCue ... I appreciate my mother 's concern ... and yours , but I 'm being treated for my cancer , and I 'm taking every precaution . Faith can make you stronger . I haven 't felt a need . I have strength , and- [ phone Rings ] - and I 'm not going to come running back now . It 's just not who I am . I 'd be lying to myself and to you . Dana. phone . Excuse me . - No , is something the matter ? - I need your help on something . - Somebody named Arlinski just contacted me at the Smithsonian . - Contacted you about what ? - About something he found on a mountain in Canada . - What ? I 'd rather not talk about it over the phone . I just need you to meet me at the Smithsonian . - When ? - Right away . I 'm on my way . [ Mulder ] I 'm gonna have to apologize to your brother and mother . - This is something that just couldn 't wait , though . - It 's okay . Who is this Arlinski ? He 's a forensics anthropologist that I 've been in contact with over the past four years . Several years ago he was involved in a U.F.O. photo enhancement scandal , but he continues to profess his innocence . - What am I coming to see ? - I 'm not going to tell you . I want you to decide for yourself . [ Arlinski ] By my rough estimate , from the sediment in our ice core samples , the body you 're looking at is over200years old . - It looks perfectly intact . - [ Arlinski ] Yeah . That doesn 't make sense . There would have been signs of predation . Yeah , but the position he was found in , stuffed in a crevice at high altitude , he may have frozen fast enough to avoid being eaten . - Does that fit geologically ? - The area where he was found ... is in the terminal moraine of a glacier which has since receded . Two hundred years ago , the area where he was frozen was within the tree line . - There would have been a thaw . - Who found him ? A Canadian geodetic survey team . Along with a colleague of mine named Babcock , they 're all still up there on the mountain . - Who else knows about this ? - No one . I know what your first thought was , but the St. Elias range ? That 's a long way to go for a hoax . - If you 're gonna go , why not go all the way ? - I 'm circumspect myself , but the ice core samples I took can 't be faked . You have the ice core samples here ? Yeah . Yeah . One taken from each side of the body . A 360-degreematching integrity of sediment . It 's my sincere belief ... that what we have here ... is the complete corpus of an extraterrestrial biological entity . Absolute , and irrefutable . Qualitatively indefensible . You go public with this , and nobody is going to believe you . You also risk never knowing because the same people who buried the truth so assiduously ... - will be in charge of its authentication . - That 's why I came to you . I need to get the specimen out so I can authenticate it . This body means everything to you , Agent Mulder . - You 're gonna have the proof in your hands . - And what do you want ? We just want the credit . - Do you think it 's foolish ? - I have no opinion , actually . - You have no opinion ? - This is your Holy Grail , Mulder , not mine . What is that supposed to mean ? is not my last , dying wish . How about Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny ? This is not some selfish pet project of mine . I 'm as skeptical of that man as you are , but definitive proof ... of sentient beings sharing time and existence with us would change everything . Every truth we live by would be shaken to the ground . There is no greater revelation imaginable , no greater scientific discovery . You already believe , Mulder . What difference will it make ? What will proof change for you ? If someone could prove to you the existence of God , would it change you ? Only if it had been disproven . Then you accept the possibility that belief in God is a lie ? I don 't think about it , actually , and I don 't think that it can be proven . But what if it could be ? Wouldn 't that knowledge be worth seeking ? Or is it just easier to go on believing the lie ? I can 't go with you , Mulder . Can you at least take a look at those core samples and tell me if they 're a lie ? That 's all I 'm asking . [ Scully 's Voice ] What I couldn 't tell Agent Mulder , what I had only just learned myself , was that the cancer which had been diagnosed in me several months earlier ... The doctors told me , short of a miracle , it would continue to aggressively invade my body , advancing faster each day towards the inevitable . What 's that for ? I don 't know these men well . Do you ? - Well enough . - I 'm gonna be up here alone until you get back . I hope I don 't have to use it . I think you better have a look at this . We were doing a lateral cut to the back corner ... when I saw something in the ice . Right here . What do you think that is ? I don 't know . It could be a bubble , a weak spot . Or a casting channel , a pour hole . Liquid poured in from the side or above somehow . Poured from where ? - I don 't know . - The angle wouldn 't make sense . Yeah , you 're right . We 'll never know until we get it out of there . [ Chain Saw Buzzing ] The iron concentration , density and temperature profiles are all consistent . There 's a tight matrix of crystals at approximal center , suggesting the quick-freezing scenario you mentioned . Here at the terminus , you 've got some particulate hydrocarbons : jet fuel pollutants found just about everywhere in the world . - But not in old ice ? - Don 't misunderstand . This is old ice . This sample has numerous layers of sedimentation , like the rings on a tree essentially . - So it hasn 't been tampered with ? - Not from what I can see . Can I ask why it is you 're testing this ice ? Do you know where this sample came from ? From a site in the Yukon Territory . - Why ? - There 's some cellular material within the matrix . - Plant or animal ? - I don 't know . It 's what I 'd have to classify a chimera , - a hybrid cell . - From what ? - As I said , I don 't know . - Is it capable of cell division ? I don 't know that either . I 've just now found them . I 'd like to get them under our electron microscope , if that 's okay . Yes , please . [ Shotgun Cocks ] I thought you said there was someone meeting us . Yeah , a guide named Ralston . I don 't get it . This had all been arranged . He knew he was supposed to take us up to the summit . - I don 't know what to do . - [ Sighs ] We can probably follow this track right up to the site . Maybe we 'll meet him on the way down . Funny place to take a nap . - He 's been shot . - Oh , God . - This our guide ? - Yeah . Excuse me . I 'm looking for Dr. Vitagliano . Dr. Vitagliano- - Is he here ? Uh , no , I 'm afraid not . I was supposed to meet him here . Actually , I 'm a little late . Sorry . [ Groans ] [ Panting ] [ Arlinski ] Oh , my God . They 're all dead . They 've been shot . Babcock ! The body . It 's gone . They took it ! No one knew . We didn 't tell a soul . They had radio communication . Maybe it was being monitored . Wait . Shh ! [ Groaning ] [ Groaning Continues ] Someone 's still alive . It 's Babcock . [ Mulder ] Get me some water . It looks like he took a shotgun hit . It didn 't open him up too badly . The bleeding 's stopped . Who did this ? - [ Mulder ] Here you go . - They took our body , Babcock . - No ... I buried it . - Where ? - Dana ? - Bill . What are you doing here ? I picked up the phone when they called Mom 's . Said you could use a change of clothes . Thank you . Where 's Mom ? I didn 't tell Mom what happened . - So what did happen ? - I , uh- - I was knocked down a flight of stairs , but I 'm okay , luckily . You 're not okay , Dana . I know about your cancer . - I told Mom not to tell you . - Why ? Because it 's very personal . Because I don 't want sympathy . You think you can cure yourself . Mom tells me that you 've gotten worse , that your cancer 's gone into your bloodstream . What are you doing at work , getting knocked down and beaten up ? What are you trying to prove ? That you 're gonna go out fighting ? Come on , Bill . You know what Mom 's going through ? Why do you think I didn 't tell her when they called ? - What should I be doing ? - We have a responsibility , not just to ourselves , but to the people in our lives ! Just because I haven 't bared my soul to you or to Father McCue or to God ... doesn 't mean that I 'm not responsible to what 's important to me . To what ? To who ? This guy , Mulder ? Where is he , Dana ? Where is he through all this ? - Thank you for coming . - Dana- - [ Hydraulic Whirring ] We should be able to do a good enough examination of the body right here to remove any doubt . We won 't know for sure until we do a carbon dating test . I 'm anticipating his physiology alone is going to be telltale . The Piltdown man hoax wasn 't uncovered for 40 years ... until it failed the carbon dating test , and that wasn 't even very good . If this were hoax , would we have six dead men up on that mountain ? Somebody other than us sure as hell believes it 's not . [ Woman ] As you can imagine , that 's heavily trafficked stairwell , so we went back to the bio lab where we found an anomalous set of latents . We found a partial matching in the stairwell four centimeters from one of yours . - Have you run it through the N.C.I.C. ? - Yep . This is your assailant . Unfortunately , he doesn 't have a criminal record . Try the federal database . I 'll be damned . How 'd you know it would be a government employee ? - Where does he work ? - [ Typing ] [ Tech ] Right here in Washington . Michael Kritschgau , formerly of the U.S. Army , now attached to the Pentagon 's research division in Virginia . [ Typing ] Is this the man ? The body is 1 47 centimeters long , weighing 24 kilograms deliquesced . Derma is hairless gray with an elephantine texture with no odor . There are some small eruptions on the surface of the skin , mostly likely due to the presence of iron phosphate in the ice . Otherwise there appears to be no scarring and no identifying marks . The circumference of the head is 64 centimeters . There are four digits on each hand and three on each foot . The sex is indeterminate . The eyes are lidless black ... covered by what appears to be a thin membrane , which I am now removing . The tissue underneath ... with a fine network of veins running throughout . Examination of the chest cavity confirms the presence ... of what appears to be a cardiopulmonary system- - heart , lungs , all identifiable- - within a mass of white string like tissue ... that doesn 't appear to correspond ... to human physiology . Stop ! Federal agent ! Hold it ! You are under arrest ! Identify your location ! [ Car Engine Starts ] [ Tires Screeching ] Get out of the car ! Now ! Move ! [ Turns Off Engine ] Please don 't shoot . I didn 't mean to hurt you . I had no choice . - Hands on the car ! - If you arrest me , they 'll kill me . I don 't know what you 're talking about . The same people who are trying to kill you . The people who gave you your cancer . There 's tissue culturing to be done , DNA sequence and an analysis . We 'd be wise to run a gas chromatograph and that carbon dating you suggested . But if this isn 't alien , I don 't know what it is . [ Cell phone Ringing ] Mulder . [ Scully ] I had reached Agent Mulder in a warehouse ... just outside of Washington in Sethburg , Virginia . They had managed the frozen corpse by helicopter ... down the side of the mountain ... and across the Canadian border in a refrigerated truck . After conducting a limited physical examination , Agent Mulder was ready to believe ... that the body was that of an extraterrestrial biological entity , that he had finally found the proof which had eluded him , which would confirm not only the existence of alien life , but of his sister Samantha 's abduction . But this man Kritschgau had convinced you otherwise . How ? He told me a story , which detailed point by point ... the systematic way in which Agent Mulder had been deceived and used , and how I , as his partner , had been led down the same path , losing a family member due to my allegiance ... and contracting a fatal disease , which I was being told was engineered ... by the men who are responsible for Agent Mulder 's deception . Were you able to convince Agent Mulder of these facts ? I was only able to convince him to meet me ... so that he might hear the story the way I had . [ Creaking ] - Who the hell is this ? - Right there , Pork . How 's the wound ? I 'll live . What is this , Babcock ? [ Gunshot ] Where did Mulder go ? - He got a call . - Is he a believer ? Oh , yeah . - Then we 're the only ones who know . - Right . The lie you believe- - that they have cleverly led you to believe , Agent Mulder- - is that there 's intelligent life other than our own ... and that we have had contact with these life-forms . So you 're saying this has all been orchestrated , a hoax ? - Which you have been used to perpetuate . - You come by this knowledge how ? Working for the D.O.D. Watching a military industrial complex ... that operated unbridled and unchecked during the Cold War ... create a diversion of attention from itself and its continued misdeeds ... by confabulating enough believable evidence ... to convince passionate adepts like yourself that it really could be true . And just by chance , you run into Agent Scully ? [ Scoffs ] I was just like you , Agent Mulder : suspicious of everything but what you should be . I ran the D.O.D. ' s agitprop arm for a decade . I can show you records of disinformation ... dating back to the Korean War , before you were born . Why come to me now ? Why not four years ago ? I have a son who 's very sick . He served in the Gulf War . The lies are so deep , the only way to cover them ... is to create something even more incredible . They invented you : your regression hypnosis , the story of your sister 's abduction , the lies they fed your father . You wanted to believe so badly , and who could have blamed you ? And the thousands of U.F.O. sightings ? Above-top-secret military aircraft ... concept designed to feed hysteria . Evidence of alien biology ? Unclassified but naturally occurring biologic anomalies ... science will eventually explain . - The body that was found ? - Meticulously constructed ... out of biomaterials ... created through the hybridization of differentiated cells- - what are called chimeras- - frozen into place over the course of a year ... using sediment and materials that would be a rout its age , poured through a small channel drilled in the rock above . They would have known the body would be carbon-dated , that it would be proved a fake . - The body will never be tested . - What do you mean ? You were only meant to see it ... to make you believe the lie ... so that you might finally commit ... and go public with the news . This man is a liar . You can see for yourself , Agent Mulder . The body is already long gone . [ Mulder ] Dr. Arlinski ? It 's gone . Mulder ? - [ Mulder Groans ] - What ? It 's Arlinski . He 's dead . So is this man . Who did this , Mulder ? Mulder ? What we had here was proof . There 's no way it could be anything else . You said it yourself : More tests needed to be run . But the ice core samples checked out . If the ice hasn 't been tampered with , how could the body within be a fake ? Cellular material found in the ice core samples ... were a direct match for what this man Kritschgau described : hybrid cells , chimeras within the matrix . Do we know for sure those cells are not extraterrestrial ? Mulder , everything this man described- - You can 't just guess at these details . I 'm sorry , but the facts here completely overwhelm any argument against them . Facts overwhelmed by the lies created to support them . The only lie here is the one that you continue to believe . After all I 've seen and experienced , I refuse to believe that it 's not true . Because it 's easier to believe the lie , isn 't it ? What the hell did that guy say to you that you believe his story ? He said that the men behind this hoax ... behind these lies ... gave me this disease to make you believe . What we generally mean is intelligent life , something resembling our noble selves . It is highly probable ... that there are such intelligent forms of life ... in other galaxies in the universe , and it is even more probable ... that many of these forms are vastly more intelligent than we . I think there 's no question ... but that we live in an inhabited universe ... that has life all over it . By finding out what the other planets are like , by finding out whether there are civilizations on planets of other stars , we reestablish meaningful context for ourselves . [ Montagu ] I don 't think we should wait until the encounter occurs , but that we should do all in our power to prepare ourselves for it . I can conceive of no nightmare as terrifying ... as establishing such communication ... with so-called superior ... or , if you wish , advanced technology in outer space . Early this morning ... I got a call from the police , asking me to come to Agent Mulder 's apartment . The detective asked me- - He needed me to identify a body . Agent Scully- - Agent Mulder died late last night ... from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Subrip by dreamer ( C )
