 Previous scene on the pretender : I tell you that all the weirdness around here is courtesy of Mr Skin Grafts himself . - The place has been different ever since ¡ ­ - Since Raines was shot . - I 'm no marksman . - I didn 't even want to take a gun , remember ? If I 'd shot sterno head he would be snoring through dirt right now instead of filling bed-pans in The Centre 's burn unit . The Centre cut you out of the loop this time . Good thing they sent a replacement . - What are you talking about Jarod ? - I 'm talking about the blonde . Any progress locating your missing father ? Who says he 's missing ? It 's time to come home Jarod . Take my hand . I can 't reach you Mum . Try . You can do it . Mum ! Mum , don 't go . Mum , Mum Don 't go . This is where Jarod spent most of his time while he stayed with us . In a tepee ? Yeah . But no , this is a sensory deprivation tank . I 'm surprised he 'd get near one of these things again . But Jarod enjoyed floating in the tank . It gave him a taste of the freedom he so desperately craved . Most people go in the tank for an hour at a time . Jarod , Jarod would stay in for days at a time . And then he 'd come out and go around hugging everyone he saw . I never experienced such a connection to another human being in my entire life . Maybe if you showered once in a while the experience wouldn 't be quite so unique . Did Jarod leave anything behind ? He said to give you this . Thank you . I have a gun and I 'll use it . Cool ! Let 's go find the wonder boy . Living in a tepee , somebody help me . Help ! Someone please help me . Help me , please . Ah ... I 'm coming . Just hang on . Jarod . Wait for the basket . There 's no time . This rope 's not going to hold . Roger , call the chopper now . Ah ... Just hang on . More line . Jarod what the hell are you doing ? I said wait for the basket . Sit tight . I 've got you . It 's a great day to be alive . There are pretends among us . Genuises with the ability to become anyone they want to be . In 1963 , a corporation known as the Centre isolated a young Pretender named Jarod , and exploited his genius for their research . Then one day , the pretender ran away ... THE PRETENDER Season 2 Episode 3 Over The Edge The word from the hospital is your victim is going to be fine . Well that 's great news . And the word around here is that you 're a player . You should have seen him . Instant legend , man . You 'd better watch out Bobby . Looks like there 's a new Spiderman in town . Yeah well we 'll see who has the web . - Spider man ? - Yeah ! Like in the comics . Hey , guys . Look , interstate brochures from Denver . Looks like he 's serious . Are you thinking of transferring out ? Retiring . Denver is where my grandson is . Come on you guys . This is a good thing . Makes room for the young guys moving up . Okay . Pack and stack . We 're due at the tower in thirty . Oh man . This is the third drill this week . Get used to it . When Bobby makes captain he 'll drill us 24 / 7 . You 've got that right . Jarod , everybody kicks in . It 's SOP . It 's sort of a ritual . Every time we come back safe from a run we drop in a fiver for Chris . - He 's the guy who fell from the drill tower ? - Just come out of coma . I thought the department insurance plan covered accidents . It does cover accidents . But , ah ... Chris tried to kill himself . Where have you guys been ? We 've been to our own little corner of heaven . Got you something . Thanks . You wouldn 't believe what 's going on around here . I rarely do . Any word on my father ? No . Noone knows where he is . There 's Princess Tryhard now . We don 't want to make accusations you can 't prove . Oh , Please . Sydney you know what do yourself a favour . Take some steroids . Ever since she and Mr Lyle showed up this whole place has gotten strange . Well it 's just about to get stranger . There he is ? That 's the guy . Oh God ! They 're coming this way . Oh , Miss Parker . Sydney . Mr. Broots . This is Dr Curtis . He 's consulting for Mr Lyle and me . Nice to meet you . I 'm sure . If he needs to speak with you We 'd appreciate it if you made yourself available . Certainly . Cheers . Shall we ? Dortor . - Who is he ? - That 's what I 've been trying tell you . He 's some kind of criminal behaviourist . They brought him here to find who shot Mr Raines . Oh God this is bad , this is really , really bad . Relax Broots . They 're looking for a shooter not a whiner . Yeah well they 're going to pin the shooting on someone And the way I figure we 're the ones walking around with the biggest targets on our backs . If you 're innocent you have nothing to worry about . Sydney this is the Centre . Maybe no one will miss you but I have a little daughter who loves her daddy . We don 't even know if he will want to talk to us . Fat chance . I hear Mr Raines is going to force everyone who was at the shooting to interview with this guy . And I mean everyone . Peachie . Move it ! Come on Jarod ! Your victim 's had time to take in a double feature . Go , go , go , go ... - Move it ! - Two minutes ... - 2 ' 1 " , 2 ' 2 " , 2 ' 3 " , 2 ' 4 " , 2 ' 5 " , 2 ' 6 " - Move it , here now , hold the way 2 ' 7 " , not bad . Not good either not for a simple up and over . Hey , Keep it down over there . I 'm trying to think over here . Oh God we woke up the monster . Who 's that ? He likes to be called Spenser . All he does is complain about the noise and write poetry . Don 't get him going . You 'll have to buy him something . - Is this where Chris tried to kill himself ? Roger found him right here . You know I thought Chris and I could tell each other everything . I knew he was depressed but he never said anything about suicide . Maybe it wasn 't ? He left a note on his computer . You know I saw this happen in Chicago . This guy , he got really depressed about the job All the pressure . Nah ! It wasn 't the job . Chris loved Rescue . Well if it wasn 't the job maybe it was his family . His mother left when he was really little . She just walked out . After his dad died a couple of years ago Chris started looking for her . - He didn 't find her ? - No . But he felt she was close by . He ran personal ads in the paper , searched the net , did everything he could think of . He probably thought he would never find her , That he would always have that feeling of empty I can 't imagine what it would be like never knowing your mother . " USAR Member Attempts Suicide at Training Facility " " Mom , Please call me , Chris ( 509 ) 555-0154 " " Grace Welman Where are you ? Call Chris ( 509 ) 555-0154 " Chris , Chris , You need to be calm . Chris , Chris , You need to calm down . Calm now . Please . Calm now , Please ! Chris I 'm sorry This is a really bad time for visitors . Chris , No . Come on , it 's okay . Chris , Chris . Calm down . - Please could you come back later ? - It 's not unusual For a post coma to lose sense of time and location . He 's afraid . He needs human contact . He needs to know that he 's loved . Are you a therapist ? I know what it 's like to be isolated from people . Jo-Ellen , come here . Hold him . Go ahead . He 's still your friend . Hold him . Chris , Chris , It 's Jo-Ellen . Sh , Sh , it 's alright . It 's okay , it 's alright . Let 's go over this again Because I want to get it straight . He was a spider and a man . No . He was a high school student bitten by a radioactive spider . That must hurt . Then he developed spider powers . He could climb up walls , shoot webs And he had spider sense . Which is ? I don 't know . His head would tingle and stuff . Oh well I wasn 't aware that arachnids had heads that tingled . I don 't know from arachnids but Spiderman 's did . This is fascinating . I 'll read them all . GRACE WELMAN WHERE ARE YOU ? CALL CHRIS ( 509 ) 555-0154 Mrs Welman . My name is Jarod . I 'm a friend of Chris . Hi , You have the wrong person . My name 's Carter . I know it was before you were married . - What do you want ? - It 's not what I want But what Chris wants . He 's been trying to find you . Mrs. Welman , your son needs you . I didn 't ask to be needed And I sure as well didn 't ask to be found . Mum . I love you . I love you , Mum . Mum , I love you . Don 't leave me mum . Mum . Mum , don 't go ! Mum. mum , don 't go ! Sydney . Did your mother ever hug you ? Jarod . It 's important that you get in the tank . What was it like to be hugged by your mother ? How does it feel ? That 's not relevant . Jarod the tank relaxes you . You can focus on the simulation . I want to know what it 's like to be hugged . I 've forgotten what it feels like . Jarod , listen to me . You will never have that experience . Your mother is ... It will be best if you just forgot about her . No . I 'll never forget her . Never . Jarod . Dwelling on your family will only get in the way of your work . Finding my family is my work , Sydney . We 're only trying to find out who had the capacity to shoot Mr Raines . And I 'm only here to help . Look I realise this is a difficult position for you . But it 's just a waste of both of our times . You never married did you ? You don 't expect me to answer rhetorical questions ? No . Tell me about your relationship with Jarod . Why don 't you tell me . Alright . I think he 's taken the role of the son you never had . What are your feelings for him ? You 're doing so well . Don 't stop now . I think you love Jarod very much I think you would almost do anything to protect him . But I 'm curious , off the record . How do you live with yourself Knowing that you abducted a child from his family ? I was not involved in Jarod 's abduction . But after it happened you did nothing about it . You had no problem No twinge of conscience About robbing him of a chance to live a normal life ? I didn 't have a choice . Didn 't you ? I had to do what I was told . By whom ? The same person who tells you what to do . Exactly . So we both know that you hold Mr Raines personally Responsible for the destruction of Jarod 's life And we also know that killing Raines Would give you a deep sense of satisfaction . It 's only human nature . I abhor violence . Well , but that doesn 't mean given a strong enough motivation , that you wouldn 't stoop to it . I think we 're done , Doctor . Don 't look so sad . It 's a comic book , man . You know , comic , fun ? This Spider man , he 's a fascinating superhero . Yet beneath all these heroics he 's lead a very sad life . He never knew his parents , He feels responsible for his uncle 's death people are always trying to kill him . Curse of the superhero . It 's tragic really . Peter Parker didn 't have a real problem . Now She-Hawk her life was tragic . I 'm glad you guys are here . Check your speed scores . The condemned move faster to the gallows . Looks like we 're going to be in for more drilling . You 've got that right Now Jarod you work with Roger Saturday morning Jo-Ellen you and Bobby hit the tower in the afternoon . Let me switch with Jarod . I have plans for Saturday . Change em . There 's no one faster with the rope than Bobby that 's where you need improvement . And just think , you can sleep in on Saturday and get some extra beauty sleep not that you need it . No I 'm serious Captain . Let me switch . I 'm serious too . No . Now come on we 've got more sunshine to spread . See you later . What 's Chris working with ? A bungie cord . It helps strengthen his muscles . Very clever . A rubber band with hooks . That 's the concept . What are his chances for recovery ? Too soon to say . But I 'm an optimist . He could regain a good portion of his cognitive and motor skills . Has he been able to communicate anything about his fall ? No . There has been some improvement with his pre - and post - traumatic amnesia but still , no indication that he has any memory of the accident . There must have been some damage to his frontal lobe . More than likely he never had time to encode the event into his long time memory . You don 't know about bungie cords But you know about Deerling 's theory on shock trauma . I used to moonlight as a psychological re-constructionist . And I read his file . It says here that Chris landed on his back . That 's right . The haematoma on his twelfth thoracic vertebrae would indicate that he fell on something . Paramedics didn 't note it . I would have expected his injuries to be more severe a fall from four stories . It 's usually fatal . Were you a triage surgeon too ? Only until I became a rodeo clown . No . No . No ... Hey . I wanna hear something that loud I 'll stick a gun in my mouth . Hey I 'm sorry . I just fell off a building . Hey , wait , Wait up . I want to talk to you for a second . Don 't you have anything better to do at 3am ? - It 's 7am . - Yup . The noise pollution gets worse every day . If you 're so concerned about the noise why don 't you move into a shelter ? Hey , hey , A poet needs freedom to create . This is freedom. haha ... - Wow - Yeah The only drawback is the noise . It 's forcing me toward Haiku . Were you here writing your poetry the day that the man fell from the building ? Uh , Yeah . Yeah . You see I was flowing a rhyme when all of a sudden I heard somebody screaming " No No No Don 't ! " kinda like you were doing . And then and then Boom . After a little while all hell broke loose . Sirens , ambulances , cops . I tell you my creativity was shot for the day . I 've seen the police report . There 's no mention that you ever told the police what you heard . No . No see , I didn 't tell the cops . I told one of you rescue guys . - Who ? - I do not know . I mean , this guy , he , he came up and he said sorry about the noise Gave me twenty bucks and told me to get a hot meal . and that , my friend , it 's poetic . What did he look like ? golden , gear and helmets and everything all you guys look the same . Hey , hey . You know what ? He had some sort of fancy money chip . It had sort of like a , ah , a spider web design right in the middle . Water melon , right ? Yeah . That 's what we call them here on earth . Tonight 's dessert . Why are you banging them ? I 'm not banging , I 'm clumping . How do you tell when watermelon 's ripe ? I don 't know . I 've never eaten one . Well Starman , you 're definitely in for a treat . We 're all chipping in so you owe me five bucks . Five bucks huh ? Actually I don 't have any cash on me . Come on man . Hey ! Nobody gets out of paying . What 's the matter ? Mummy didn 't give you any lunch money today ? - Something like that . Can you cover me ? - Yeah . - You will pay me back , right ? - Of course I will . If we can 't trust each other who can we trust ? Right . I got word that you ah ... Come in . Sit ! Cute kids . I 've been looking over your file . There 's a letter in here from a Mrs Mosely . What , my fourth grade teacher ? - How far back does that thing go ? - The letter is addressed to your mother . Apparently Mrs Mosely was concerned for your safety at school . Why was that ? You know how kids are , you know . They like to pick on the egg head . Do you remember what it felt like to be picked on ? Yes I guess so , when I think about it . You 're next . So did you ever attempt to defend yourself against those bullies . The bullies . No . actually no , I learned how to outsmart them . What about today ? How do you respond to people who pick on you today . - No one bullies me - Really I was under the impression that Miss Parker often teased your task . She likes to tease me . Friends do that . Oh so you two are friends ? Well , ah no , wait a minute , not , ah , not exactly . Let 's go . How does Mr Raines treat you ? Mr. Raines . Always Um has treated me fairly with great respect . That 's very interesting because it says in here that you have been overheard disparaging him on more than one occasion . That 's ... that 's a flat out lie . Who said that ? I would like to know who said that . That would be ah Mr Raines . It must eat you up knowing that people have picked on you your whole life , and you 've always had to take it , never getting to even the score . How long will you let people demean and belittle you until you finally say " enough , it ends here " - How much humiliation can you take ? - I know what you 're trying to do . You 're trying to get inside my head stir it up a bit Well it 's not going to work . You , Let 's go . I want to stay here . Hey , Hey you . Leave her alone ! What are they going to do with her . What do you think they 're going to do to her ? Are they going to hurt her ? The way Mr Raines implied that he would do to your daughter . Do you want to know the truth . I 'll give you the truth . If anyone was ever to hurt my daughter , even tried to hurt my daughter I 'd kill them . I don 't care who . I 'd kill them . - Sydney - How 's the book ? I 'm not sure how Judge Teale is going to wrap this one up . How did you know ? You always used to sit down at your desk at eight p.m. with a good book . - Does it still relax you ? - You know me too well . I can hear birds in the background . It must still be light where you are . You 're getting very good at this . I can also hear sadness in your voice . I guess you know me too well . I 've been thinking about my mother lately . What it 's going to be like when we finally meet . Go on . How to say , It 's just that we 've been separated for so long . Will she ... never mind . Everyone wants to believe that their mother 's love is absolute . Sadly that 's not always the case . Did your mother love you ? Yes , I believe she did , but know this . If the mother rejects her offspring rarely does the blame fall upon the child . It is usually an indication that the woman does not love herself . Thank you , Sydney . Hey ! I told you to leave me alone . This will help when the methadone doesn 't . You were at the free clinic getting your daily dose but methadone it doesn 't stop the craving for heroin it only replaces it . That 's why you still keep getting the sweats . Your body is screaming for relief . Are you a junkie ? No but I was a congressional adviser on drug policy for a while . Scout 's honour . This is arginine root . It 's an organic herb . It has a great calming affect . Friends of mine , they harvest it in Oregon . Trust me it works . Oh , Damn it . Is this Chris ? Yes when he was eleven years old . His poppa sent it to me at a halfway house . It 's hard to be carrying around a picture of someone that you 're trying to forget . I 'm not trying to forget . It would just be better if we don 't see each other . Is that why you went to the hospital ? I checked the sign in sheet at intensive care . You didn 't think people would recognise your maiden name . They told me that Chris was in a coma . They didn 't know if he was going to live or not . I did what any mother would do . I went to see my son . I didn 't have the strength to open the door . This is my mother . I only remember seeing her once . I don 't know much about her But I do know that I would give anything to feel her arms around me . Listen if you 're ... If you 're gonna tell me that Chris needs me and the past doesn 't matter , save it . I 've always been a great addict but I 'm worthless as a mother . Grace you 're a person with a disease . A disease that controlled your life . It kept you from the people that you love but somewhere you found the courage to fight it . Maybe if you look there again you will find the way to make things right with your son . Hey , Jo-Ellen . Where is everybody ? Around somewhere . Really . It 's funny because I only saw your car out there in the parking lot . Yeah . Please Bobby , I have work to do . The Captain assignd that to you ? Yes ! And he wants it done before he comes in . I guess that means that when I make Captain you 'll do exactly what I say . Don 't . I don 't like games . you 'll never guess what I just found . Hey Jarod I didn 't see your car outside . I took the bus . A seedless watermelon . Now , I wonder how they get them out . Yeah . I 've got some work I got to do . I 'll talk to you later . If I 'm tired you must be exhausted . - Why ? - Well not only do you have to work train all day like the rest of us but you have to put up with him . What you mean ? Looking over your shoulder . Constant wondering when he 'll show up . What he 'll want . The rage , the powerlessness . I know that it would eat at me until I wanted to scream . At first it seemed liked harmless flirting . I thought I could handle it . Handle Bobby . But he 's so aggressive . He scares me . Being the only woman you must have felt trapped . Well I knew that if I complained to the Commander I would get nothing but flak . Bobby would only deny it and I would become the black sheep of the squad , if I wasn 't fired . Believe me it 's hard enough being one of the boys around here . So I just kept my mouth shut . And then Chris found out ? One night Bo ... Bobby touched me and I was upset . Chris comforted me . He was such a great guy , you know . As if dealing with his own problems wasn 't enough he wanted to take care of me too . He was really angry with Bobby . He even wrote up a report but , you know , I couldn 't sign it . Well you should 've . You 're not the first woman to feel this way . Bobby 's done this before , in Portland . He almost lost his job . His wife nearly left him but he intimidated the victim until she dropped the charges . I don 't know . He 's connected Jarod . Bobby 's about to become Captain . Even if I take him on , he 'll win . Don 't be so sure . Thank you for coming , Miss Pakrer I realise this interview is unpleasant . Just know that my intention is to eliminate people as possible suspects not incriminate them . Considering I 'm on record as having threatened to shoot Raines , I 'm would think that I 'm your number one suspect . And I suppose we 're having this meeting in my father 's former office because Raines thinks that it will unnerve me . I 'm not sure that I know what you mean . My father has disappeared and some Ralph Reed clone has replaced him . Exactly what part of this is hard to grasp , Doctor ? Let 's move on . Now you 've known Jarod since you were a little girl . What is your relationship with him now ? My relationship ... is to find him and bring him back . . preferably alive but dead is becoming more acceptable . So wouldn 't it have bothered you if Mr Raines had shot Jarod ? Not at all . Mind if I smoke ? You make no effort at all to conceal your hostility towards Mr Raines . Is that because you felt protected by your father ? I don 't need Daddy to protect me from Scar man . Would you care to expand on that ? I think he was involved in the death of my mother and knows what happened to my father . What makes you think that ? Woman 's intuition . So it is safe to say that it would give you great satisfaction to see him dead . It would give me great satisfaction to perform his autopsy , before he was dead . Miss Parker . When you came in here I had no opinion one way or the other as to your involvement in the shooting of Mr Raines . However , you must admit your excessive candour ... If I 'd shot you , you son of a bitch , you 'd be dead . Are we clear ? Hey Poet ! Do you like watermelon ? - Yeah - 911 We 've got a bridge worker stuck on a scaffold . When are these morons going to learn ? Where is everybody ? - Just you and me . - Let 's do it ! Looks like a heart attack . I 'm going over . Not this time Spiderman . I 'm in charge here . I 'm going over . Okay . More line . Nice and easy . Nice and easy . More line . What are you doing ? I need more ropes . Okay . Are you crazy ? Just making sure that you 're still high enough . - For what ? - Your fall . What the hell are you doing ? Yep . That 'll work . See you Bobby . Jarod , Jarod . Ah ... What the hell are you doing ? What you did to Chris Welman when he threatened to expose your sexual harassment of Jo-Ellen . Hey what kind of sick joke is this ? Oh this is no joke Bobby . At least I 'm not laughing . You don 't know what you 're talking about man . You had to stop him . You had your promotion to lose . No , man . So you followed Chris Welman up to the training tower and you cut his rappelling rope . And then you made it look like he tried to commit suicide . That 's a lie man . The man left a note . Which you wrote on his computer . Now if it makes you feel any better I 'll write one on yours . No , please Look alright , alright . I cut his rope . I did it . Right . Now please , pull me back up out of here man . No way ! Now that was poetic . Ha ha ha . Wow ! It 's about time Dr Curtis . - Have you reached a conclusion ? - Yes And your determination ? Any one of them could have done it . Not very satisfying doctor . I 'm very sorry Mr Raines . That is the only conclusion I can come to based on my evaluations . Get out ! Perhaps Mr Parker knows who pulled the trigger . Wherever he is . I did what you wanted . I told them it could have been any one of them . This is who I believe actually shot him . So , we 're even . For now . " USAR Staffer Held In Attempted to Murder Of Crew Member " Is there any progress ? It seems to vary with his mood . If we could a way of keeping his spirits up there 's a good chance Chris could regain as much as eighty percent of his cognitive and motor skills . Mum ! Mum , I love you mum . I love you too Jarod .
