 [ Siren Wailing ] Monongahela . We 're en route with a male cardiac , age 62 . E.T.A. in 1 2 . [ Woman ] Copy . E.T.A. in 1 2 . Crash unit standing by . How 's he looking , Leonard ? - [ Monitor Beeping ] - Up to his ass in alligators . - [ Beeping Erratically ] - [ Man Gasping ] - Is he going into arrest ? - No , he 's not . [ Gasping Continues ] [ Air Hisses ] - What did you do ? - Aspirated his chest . He has a tension pneumothorax pressing on his heart . It looked like a cardiac . - Nice catch . How did you know ? - Because he 's dying of cancer . It 's already eaten through one lung . That 's amazing . How did you know , Leonard ? [ Moaning ] Leonard ? Leonard ? Leonard ? [ Gasps ] Oh , God . Leonard . [ Thump ] [ Thump ] - Hello ? - [ Thump ] Pretty cozy . Who 'd ever want to leave ? Well , whoever happened to get locked in here last night , I guess . Well , that would be one Leonard Morris Betts , age 34 . But it should probably be noted that when Mr. Betts arrived here last night , he was sans head . He was decapitated when his ambulance crashed . He was an emergency medical technician for this hospital . A very good one , apparently . A slew of commendations . - Write-ups in the local paper . - What about the morgue attendant ? Somebody cold cocked him and stole his clothes . He didn 't see who . No alarms tripped , no sign of a break-in . - It 's weird , huh ? - Mulder , what are we doing here ? Did I mention that Mr. Betts had no head ? Yes . So ? I mean , you 're not suggesting that a headless body ... kicked its way out of a latched morgue freezer ? Are you ? Because it 's obvious this is some kind of attempt at a cover-up . - Meant to conceal what ? - My guess , body snatching for profit . There 's a shortage of teaching cadavers at medical schools . An unscrupulous medical supplier might pay top dollar , no questions asked . But why take a headless one and leave top-dollar bodies behind ? - [ Door Opening ] - Sir ? Those video grabs you asked for . We found something . These are from the emergency room camera , taken at 4 : 1 3 this morning . There 's your perpetrator , wearing the stolen uniform . Unfortunately , you can 't see very much on these . What 's- - What 's all this stuff here ? Bad video . The security system isn 't exactly state-of-the-art . If this is our guy , what did he do with the corpse he stole ? Well , maybe he got spooked and was forced to abandon it . We combed the facility . Where could he hide a body where it couldn 't be found ? I 'll show you . All hospitals operate some form of medical waste processing . This unit disposes of surgical remains : amputations , excised tumors . They 're ground up and heated with microwaves , and the result is a sterile soot that 's used as road fill . Well , then there 's probably nothing there for us to find . That depends how often they dispose otherwise . Hopefully , only once every few days . We 're in luck . Are you sure about this , Scully ? ' Cause if you 're not sure , I don 't see ... that there 's any reason to disturb all this stuff just- - Mulder , I 'm gonna need your help . Your arms are longer . Oh . I think I got the toy surprise . - Leonard Betts . - That 's his head . Where 's his body ? There 's not enough room in here . Maybe he didn 't dispose of the body . Maybe he got it out of here somehow . Well , why 'd he take the time to dispose of the head ? I don 't know . Maybe there 's an answer here . Something you should check out . We know how he died , in an automobile accident . What more is there to know ? Maybe nothing , but it 's all we got to go on right now . You should see if you can find a place where you can examine Betts ' head . - While you do what ? - Check out his house . We know how he died . I want to see how he lives . - Lived . - Lived . Case number 226-897 . Leonard Betts . Remains are incomplete , all observations refer to a decapitated head . Weight , 1 0.9 pounds . Remains show no signs of rigor mortis or fixed lividity . Nor do the corneas appear clouded , which would seem inconsistent with the witnessed time of death , now ... 1 9 hours ago . I 'll begin with the intermastoid incision and frontal craniotomy , then make my examination of the brain . Oh ! God ! - [ Man ] Which one ? - [ Mulder ] This one here . [ Keys Jingling ] - Thanks . I 'll lock up . - Okay . [ phone Ringing ] - Mulder . - [ Scully ] It 's me . - Mulder . - [ Scully ] It 's me . Uh , I 've run into kind of a unique situation here . - What 'd you find ? - So far , not much . I did a PET scan on Leonard Betts ' remains . Actually four times now . And each time the images come out degraded , uh , like it 's fogged somehow . - Like the security footage . - This is cutting-edge technology here . The technicians say the machine is working perfectly . They also say the only thing that could account for this image distortion ... is some form of radiation . But I don 't see how or where it could be emanating from . What did your examination uncover ? Well , l- - I haven 't exactly performed an examination yet . - Why not ? - Well , because I , uh- - I experienced an unusual degree of postmortem galvanic response . The head moved . It blinked at me . I mean , I know exactly what it is . It 's residual electrical activity stored chemically in- - in the dead cells . Blinked or winked ? - [ Sighs ] - You 're afraid to cut into it . Scully , you 're not saying that- - that- - that it 's alive , are you ? No . I am certainly not saying that at all . But has it crossed your mind that it 's not quite dead , either ? - What do you mean ? - I 'm standing here in Betts ' apartment . Whoever we saw in those video grabs , his clothes are strewn all over the floor . Made himself at home . Maybe he was home . - Leonard Betts . - Yeah . - Without his head . - Yeah . Mulder , I don 't even know how to respond to that . I 'm gonna call the P.D. and have them put the building under surveillance ... just in case whoever it is comes back . I 'll be in touch . Michele ? Michele Wilkes ? - Yes ? - I 'm Fox Mulder . I 'm with the F.B.I. You 're the person responsible for the disposition of Leonard Betts ' remains . He didn 't have any family . No friends either , as far as I could tell . - Except you . - I liked him . But I wasn 't really his friend . He didn 't let people get that close . I 'm not sure I could call myself his partner . Mostly I stayed out of his way . - What do you mean ? - Leonard was an amazing technician . He could diagnose illness better than any doctor I 've ever seen . You know how they say some people can look at you and tell you what 's wrong ? - Mm-hmm . - Leonard could do that . Especially with cancer . I told him he should have been an oncologist . He used to volunteer at the cancer ward . Read to patients , stuff like that . Did you ever notice anything about him ? Anything odd ? No . Well , he never got sick . That was pretty amazing , doing what we do . - He was the picture of health . - Was he ever injured on the job ? No . Never . I mean , until- - - Oh , yeah . - I 'm sorry . I-l don 't know what all this has to do with someone stealing Leonard 's body . I mean , it almost sounds like you 're investigating Leonard . No , no . Thanks for bearing with my questions . I appreciate your time . This procedure is called biopolymerization . It 's basically a high-tech mummification process . The remains are dipped in the epoxy , and once it 's cured , the specimen can be sliced for examination . Or you got yourself a nice paperweight . At any rate , we should have some autopsy answers for you soon . I 'm starting with an anterior slice from your Mr. Betts , one favoring the frontal lobe . - Well , this is certainly strange . - What ? There 's something wrong with the image ? In a manner of speaking . Here , see for yourself . Oh , my God . His entire brain looks like one giant glioma . - He had cancer ? - He was riddled with it . Every cell in the sample . Every cell , essentially , in his entire head and brain was all cancerous- - it 's completely pervasive . - Could you live in this condition ? - Live ? This man would have been dead before reaching such a metastatic stage . How do you explain it ? Maybe the polymerization process distorted the sample somehow . Maybe we 're not really seeing what we think we 're seeing . Mmm . Maybe we 're just seeing it clearly for the first time . What are you suggesting ? Let 's get a slice to go . [ Woman ] Monongahela , 1-3-6enroute with a male not responding to C.P.R. please advise . Dispatch , somebody pick up , please . Allegheny Catholic , 2-0-8 . I know you 're up to your ass in alligators , - but your patient maybe in shock . - Michele ? - Leonard ? - Treat with point three milligrams ... - epinephrine autoinjector . - Let 's go here . Michele ! Come on ! [ Woman On Radio ] Hey , that seems to be working . Good call , 208 . - Thanks for the tip . - [ Man On Radio ] Glad I could help . Oh , wow . I 've never worked with a sample of human tissue before . What exactly were you looking to find ? - I 'll tell you if we find it . - Excellent . Are you ever asked to defend this as a legitimate scientific process , Doctor ? Only if you 're not happy with the results . Chuck did some of the pioneering work in Kirlian photography in the U.S. Although I prefer the umbrella term " auraphotography . " Basically , by applying high-frequency electricity , I am able to photograph an organism 's coronal discharge . - Coronal discharge ? - Coronal discharge . Life force . The Chinese call it chi . It 's an accepted fact in most Eastern cultures . And the theoretical basis of holistic medicine , of acupuncture . But what is its application here ? It may account for the fogging of your PET scan of Leonard Betts ' head . You know , with this equipment , I have been able to capture phantom images ... of whole leaves that were cut in half , or the vestigial image of a lizard 's tail long after it 's been cut off . Which you have to admit is pretty cool . It looks like we got somethin ' here . Oh , yeah . Now , I don 't know exactly what you 're looking for , but- - Oh , yeah . There 's definitely some kind of energy happening ' here . Chuck , would you believe that this man 's head had been decapitated ? [ Laughs ] Oh , come on . No way . Way . Are we happy with the results ? I don 't know , Scully , but those sure as hell look like shoulders to me . I don 't even know how to explain that photo , or even what it proves . - What if it proves Betts is alive . - Mulder ! You said that Betts ' tissue was riddled with cancer . Now , what is cancer but normal cells growing rapidly out of control , usually caused by some damage to their DNA ? I don 't know where you 're going with this . What if there was a case where the cancer was not caused by damaged DNA ? Where the cancer was not a destructive or an aggressive factor , but was rather the normal state of being ? Even if that were possible , he 's been decapitated . What if this man 's life force , his chi , whatever you want to call it , retained a blue print of the actual man himself , guiding rapid growth , not as cancer , but as regeneration . You think that Leonard Betts regrew his head ? The fluid that I found in Betts' bathtub was povidone-iodine . It 's used by researchers on reptiles and amphibians to aid regeneration . We both know that salamanders have grown entirely new limbs- - regenerated . Salamanders are one thing , but no mammal possesses that regenerative power . There isn 't a creature walking this earth that can regrow its head . Worms . You cut a worm in half , you get two . Mulder , they 're worms . I 'm just saying it 's not unheard of in nature , that 's all . Unheard of or not , someone is going to great lengths to dispose of evidence . Well , maybe Betts is trying to protect his secret . [ phone Rings ] Scully . Yeah . Okay . Great . Thanks . Well , apparently Leonard Betts did have some secrets . One of them being that he had an alter ego named Albert Tanner . Who ? I had Danny run the fingerprints . Two names came up . The second one was Albert Tanner , but unlike Leonard Betts , Albert Tanner has a living relative , Elaine Tanner , his mother , who just happens to live here in Pittsburgh . Hmm . [ Door bell Rings ] - Elaine Tanner ? - Yes . I 'm Agent Scully . This is Agent Mulder . We 're with the F.B.I. - Oh . What can I do for you ? - Is your son Albert Tanner ? We 'd like to ask you some questions . Please excuse me for one second . I 've got something on the stove . Scully . - Mrs. Tanner , is this your son ? - Yes . That 's Albert . We know this man as Leonard Betts . Are you familiar with that name ? - No . - You know if your son used other names ? Why are you asking me about him ? Mrs. Tanner , are you aware that your son has recently died ? What do you mean , " recently " ? When did your son die ? Six years ago . He was killed in an automobile accident . Why ? Would it be possible to get the death certificate or some verification ? Of course . - Confused yet ? - Yeah . Excuse me . I 'm- - I 'm looking for an E.M.T. , the man driving unit 208 . The new guy . Yeah . 208 's over there . He just went off shift , but you might catch him . Thanks . [ Radio Dispatch Chatter ] Leonard ? Leonard ? Oh , my God . It can 't be . How can it be ? Leonard , is it you ? Hey , Michele . It 's okay . It 's okay . [ Breathing Unevenly ] I just wish you hadn 't found me , that 's all . What are you talking about ? Leonard ? - I 'm sorry . - [ Gasping ] I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . [ Man ] Hey ! You there ! Hold it ! Come back here ! Stop where you are ! Stay there . You son of a bitch . Ronny ? Oh , pick up , man . - [ Man On Radio ] Go ahead . - We got a situation in the parking lot . This guy just attacked some woman . She 's up at the ambulance parking area . You 'd better get a doctor right away . [ Cracking Sound ] I 'm gonna check on that guy . [ Radio Dispatch Chatter ] Siskel or Ebert ? What 's the story ? Michele Wilkes was murdered , but we wouldn 't know that ... - if the guard hadn 't witnessed it . - Why is that ? I found a spent auto injector in the grass . She was given a lethal dose of potassium chloride . It 's an electrolyte ... found naturally in the body , and a coroner doesn 't usually check for it . Betts was here , Scully . She must have discovered that , and then he had to kill her to protect his secret . Well , the security guard did I.D. him as her attacker . He worked as an E.M.T. , but his coworkers said his name was Truelove . Do you know how this man escaped ? He tore off his thumb , because he knew he could regrow another one . Mulder , it just doesn 't work that way . Is it unimaginable ? Is Betts ' ability to regenerate any greater a leap forward ... than our ancestors ' ability to communicate or to walk upright ? But language , evolution- - it 's a process of steps , not leaps . Recent evolutionary theory would disagree . What scientists call punctualism or punctual equilibrium , it theorizes that evolutionary advances are cataclysmic , not gradual . That evolution occurs not along a straight graphable line , but in huge fits and starts , and that the unimaginable happens in the gaps- - the gap between what we are and what Leonard Betts has become . But what you 're describing is someone so radically evolved ... that you wouldn 't even call him human . Well , on the other hand , how evolved can a man be who drives a Dodge Dart ? Oh , my God . " Myeloid sarcoma , epithelial carcinoma . " These are all cancerous tumors . This is surgical waste tagged for disposal . - What do you think he wanted with them ? - You may not want to know . Scully , there 's a great possibility that Leonard Betts not only is cancer- - But that he needs it for survival ? - So , you 're saying that this is- - - Snack food . I mean , wouldn 't it make sense that- - that evolution , or natural selection , would incorporate cancer , the greatest health threat , as our genetic makeup ? Why do I think that Charles Darwin is rolling in his grave ? Ask yourself , why is Leonard Betts an E.M.T. ? Why does he regularly visit cancer wards ? Access . The car 's registered to one Elaine Tanner , 31 08 Old Bank Road . - Betts ' mom . - Do you think Mom knows ... her dead son is tooling around in her car ? Elaine Tanner ? We have a warrant to search the premises . Mrs. Tanner , we know your son is alive and that you 're in contact with him . You need to tell us where we can find him . Last night , he murdered a woman in cold blood . By lying to protect him , you are considered an accessory to murder . Can you tell me what you use this for ? It 's a pretty big bottle . You get a lot of cuts ? When my son was eight years old , there were two boys who picked on him because he was different . He just ignored them . He knew he was better than they were . One day they cornered him walking home , beat him up . He didn 't even try to fight back , just lay there , taking the blows . So , I don 't believe you when you tell me he killed anyone . But if he did , he had his reasons . What reasons , Mrs. Tanner ? God put him here for a purpose . God means for him to stay , even if people don 't understand . And that 's all I 've got to say . [ TV : ; Sports Announcers Chattering ] [ pool Balls Clicking ] [ Announcer ] To the corner . Twelve-footer . It 's good ! - Tigers tie it ! - [ Coughing ] [ Coughing Continues ] [ Coughing ] Excuse me . I 'm sorry , but you 've got something I need . Excuse me . Scully ? - Find something ? - No sign , not even a sock . Just this . - A receipt for a storage locker . - The key with the number 112 on it . - Let 's check it out . - Mm-hmm . [ Grunting ] [ Groaning ] [ Screaming ] [ Screams ] Scully . [ Car Engine Starting ] Mr. John Gillnitz , death from massive blood loss ... due to what I can only describe as a skillful removal of his left lung . - It 's Betts . - Doing what ? Guaranteed , Scully . This man 's medical records will show he had lung cancer . - And Betts was in need of what he had . - How would he have known that ? His partner told me he had an exceptional ability to diagnose cancer . Maybe his need provided a heightened sense . Well , whatever he was doing , he 's taking the secret to his grave . Yeah , for the second time . Mulder , Leonard Betts is dead . Of that I am absolutely certain , and he is not coming back . - You 'd have said the same about Tanner . - I don 't understand . Six years ago Albert Tanner dies in a car accident . His mother buries him . Several days ago , the same man shows up as Leonard Betts . Explain that to me . Obviously , someone 's lying . Maybe the first death was staged . You want to bet on that ? Ugh . Will the real Leonard Betts please stand up ? Mulder , these men may be no more than monozygotic twins . I don 't think so , Scully . I think what we 're standing witness to here ... goes way beyond the regeneration of a thumb or a limb , or even a new head . Mulder , I don 't know what you 're getting at here . Regeneration of an entire body ? I don 't know why I 'm listening . Because I think that the fiery crash that killed this man was a decoy ... and that this man lying here is still at large . I 'm scared , honey . The F.B.I.- - They seem to know all about you . They dug up the coffin . They found your friend . I don 't think they 're ever going to leave you alone . And you 're weak . You have to restore your strength . You know what you have to do . - [ Whimpers ] - I 'm your mother . And it 's a mother 's duty to provide . [ Moans ] If this man really exists , what makes you think he 'd come back here ? The only person connected with Betts who knows his secret is his mom . If we 're gonna get him , it 'll be through her . [ Siren Wailing ] [ Siren Continues ] - Get out of the truck ! - Federal agents ! Get out of the truck ! Whoa ! Whoa ! What the hell ? - What are you doing here ? - We gota call . Elderly woman with massive chest trauma and blood loss . 31 08 Old Bank . - Believe me , that 's all we know ! - Stay here . Mulder , get the E.M.T.s up here ! Guys , get inhere ! She has an open wound . A surgical cut . Three guesses what was removed . He did this to her , and then he called an ambulance . Judging by the response time , he might still be here . Betts is gone . He must have taken off on foot . Well , she 's gonna be okay , Mulder . She 's not out of the woods , but I think we might be able to get where he went out of her . You stay with her . I 'll call local P.D. and have them cordon off the area . Okay . This is Mulder with the F.B.I. I 've got an emergency situation in progress . I need all units to 31 08 Old Bank Road . I 'm searching for a murder suspect . [ Radio Dispatch Chatter ] Mulder , it 's me . We 've got Mrs. Tanner going into the E.R. , but she took a downturn en route . They defibrillated her to try and get her heart back , but there 's no chance of getting anything cogent from her . Not tonight , anyway . What about on your end ? We 're going house to house here . That 's the only thing I can think to do . We 've got a chopper coming , but I 'd say Betts has a good chance of getting away . If he steals a car or gets a ride , he could get away for good . I mean he obviously worked this thing out pretty well , Scully , so if there 's anything you can get out of Mrs. Tanner tonight , anything at all , at this point we don 't have much else to go on . Mulder , get over here right now . - What ? - Get over here right now . Oh ! I 'm sorry . But you 've got something I need . [ Grunting ] [ Defibrillator Turns On ] Oh , my God . Let 's get a crash cart . [ Moans Softly ] They pronounced Betts ten minutes ago . - He 's dead ? - As near as anyone can tell . His mom 's alive , due to the fact that Betts dressed her wounds so carefully . She 's gonna pull through , at least for the present . - Cancer . - Yeah . Uh ... " metastatic rabdomyo sarcoma , " to be precise . She was treated for it previously . Got a clean bill of health about three months ago . You did a good job , Scully . You should be proud . I want to go home . [ Coughing ] Closed-Captioned By Captions , Inc . Los Angeles Subrip by dreamer ( C )
