 [ Gasping ] [ Shouting , indistinct ] Come on . Move around towards shore . [ Scully ] Get down ! Get down Stay down ! You 're gonna keep breathing . Do you hear me ? [ Grunting ] I 'll be right back . Back away . Back aw- - [ Sirens Blaring ] I need an EMT in here now . Car 39 requesting EMT . Come on , now . Let her through . Let her through . - Okay . - Help me with this table . Give her some room . We 've got paramedics on the way . You 're going to the hospital . You 're going to be okay . We still haven 't celebrated my birthday , Pendrill . I 'm not going to let you off the hook like this . Let ' em through . Let ' em through , please . This man has a puncture wound to his right lung . He needs to be intubated immediately . You got it . He 's an FBI agent , and he 's not gonna die . Sit down . I 'm sorry . How did they know ? When you talked to your girlfriend , what did you say ? - Did you tell her you were in D.C. ? - No . Then there 's someone inside . - [ Man ] ... three , lift . - [ Indistinct ] - What happened ? Who shot Pendrill ? - I don 't know . I got a call about a federal witness being transferred . It 's Sergeant Louis Frish . He was the intended target . There was supposed to be a federal marshal here ... to put the sergeant into protective custody . - That order was countermanded . - By whom ? - Louis Frish is being put under military arrest . - Military arrest ? For suspicion of murder and providing false testimony in a federal investigation . He has testimony that is damaging to the military . His life is in danger . He is not going anywhere . The order to arrest this man came out of the Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who have also issued a recommendation on Agent Mulder . For what ? Agent Mulder 's also been put under military arrest ... on charges of interference with a military investigation ... into a crash of a commercial airliner . The military is responsible for the downing of that plane . They are admitting as much . Sergeant Frish 's story is not the one they 're telling . What is their story ? I have a responsibility for the safety of the agents under my supervision . I 'm not going to put another agent 's life in jeopardy ... just to keep her out in the field . I 'm fine . I suggest you make sure of that when you go to the hospital with Agent Pendrill . - I came to talk to you . - About what ? A big ol ' misunderstanding ? According to the military , there was no misunderstanding . So all of the sudden they just decide to take responsibility ... for the crash of Flight 549 ? They had no choice . Not in light of all the facts that have come out . Facts ? Have you heard their cover story : that the control tower gave bad coordinates to a fighter pilot ... causing it to collide with Flight 549 over military airspace ? They allowed me to listen to the recordings . If you believe in the coordinates that Sergeant Frish ... gave to the fighter pilot ... were the exact path that549 was on . Now , they would indicate that Sergeant Frish and his co-controller ... could not have seen Flight 549 in the airspace until it was too late . So they 're saying the tower put those jets on a collision course . Yes . And that they were the only two aircraft on the radar screen . Realizing his guilt , Sergeant Frish 's fellow officer put a gun to his head . According to the air force , Sergeant Frish lied to save himself . When he found out that his fellow officer committed suicide , he came to us to blame the military . That 's why they pursued him , to bring him to justice . And they could conveniently lay the blame on a dead man . Yes . This , uh , second plane , they say it 's a military fighter ? It was an F-1 5 Eagle , according to an air force spokesman . You believe that story , Scully ? I don 't know what to believe . Do you believe I got this from an F-1 5 Eagle ? Those look like radiation burns . Where did you get that ? At the second crash site ... in about 50 feet of water at the bottom of Sacandaga Lake . - You found it ? - Mm-hmm . I followed a trail of bubbles ... down to a wreckage that didn 't look like anything that might take off from an air force base . What was it ? What collided with Flight 549 was a UFO ... shot down by the military , taking the passenger plane right along with it . Except it can 't be proven . Except it can 't be proven . - Why not ? - Because they haven 't been able to find any physical evidence ... that Flight 549 was involved in a collision . - According to who ? - Mike Malar , the I.I.C. , the man running the investigation . - How do you know he 's not lying ? - I don 't . He seems to be the one man who truly wants to figure out what downed that plane , and who came to me with information he had no reason to share . What information ? He found Sharon Graffia wandering in a daze at the crash site ... the night we left after seeing lights over the area . - Max Fennig 's sister . - That 's another thing , Mulder . - She 's not Max Fennig 's sister . - Well , who is she ? She 's an unemployed aeronautical engineer ... who spent time in and out of mental institutions . That 's where she met Max . - Why would she lie ? - I don 't know . All I know is that this plane seems to be killing people ... as it sits there on the ground . Mulder , Agent Pendrill is dead . - How ? - Shot in an attempt on Sergeant Frish in Washington . He saved his life , Mulder , and maybe mine . All right , Scully . Scully ? Mulder , what are these people dying for ? - Is it for the truth or for the lies ? - It 's gotta be for the truth . If we owe them anything , it 's to make sure of that . Excuse me , sir . Max Fennig ? - He 's over there . - Thank you . Remember this place ? I remember being amazed at what some people will call home . You have to admit , the man had an enduring sense of style . - Only Max Fennig and you would appreciate living like this . - [ Laughs ] # Unmarked helicopters # # Hovering # # I think you were actually kindred spirits in some deep , strange way . What do you mean ? Men with Spartan lives , simple in their creature comforts , if only to allow for the complexity of their passions . Mm , beans and weenies . What exactly are we looking for here , Mulder ? Something to explain what Max was doing on that plane . What he was coming to show me or tell me . What makes you think that he was coming to see you ? Max is the key to all this . He knew that plane was in danger even before it took off , before it entered military airspace . Now , how would he know that , and what would be worth taking that risk ? Hi . Max here , but of course . This is , uh , well , quite obviously my story , since I 'm telling it . Anyway , um , for those of you who know me already ... this is going to be ancient history , but for the rest of you this is- - well , what can I say- - the story of my life . All I ever wanted in life was to be left alone . [ Scoffs ] Don 't we all . Uh , so just my luck that I 'd eventually become an alien abductee . Now I 'm never alone . Any minute when I 'm least expecting it- - And the worst part is no one believes you . Oh , well , almost no one . So , I 've devoted my life to providing all you disbelievers with proof . Proof that there are extraterrestrial , biological entities right now ... visiting our planet in alien ships for purposes of a troubling agenda ... known only to certain members of government , the FBI ... and certain high-ranking members of the military industrial community ... who have recovered some of these very craft . Not that they 'd ever admit to it publicly , of course . Nor would they admit that they have salvaged some of this alien technology ... and are using it in military applications . No , that would be un-American . And they won 't admit it until ... someone confronts them with irrefutable , undeniable proof . Some one like me . And , uh , I should probably mention that I do this ... at great risk to my own health and safety . But hey , when every day 's just another day , you 're gonna get kidnapped by a bunch of little gray dudes from outer space , what 's a few CIA spooks to worry about ? [ Man ] Careful . [ Gagging ] - [ Gasps ] - We found it . [ Man ] Ladies and gentlemen , recovery and identification of the deceased victims in Flight549 ... is at 76 % . Which is far better than anticipated , given the kind of destruction that we 've all seen . We 've got a total of nearly 3,000 man-hours logged already ... in this first wave of investigation . And I wish I could tell you folks that we 've come up with something more concrete . But the evidence ... just doesn 't support anything more conclusive ... than the air force 's assertion that the cause of this crash ... was a midair collision or a catastrophic near-miss . I 'm gonna ask you all to wrap up your reports tonight . And then I want you to go home to your families . You 've done a good and thorough job here . You 'll be in touch with me or someone from the N.T.S.B. on anything further . I just wanted to thank you all personally . Thank you . [ Quiet Chatter ] I 'd wondered what happened to you . - I 'd put in a call . - You had something you wanted to tell us ? No . Just- - Just wanted to touch base . Thank you for your help in leading us to the fact of the military 's involvement . I think the facts are still a matter of speculation , Mr. Malar . Listening to what you just said , I think you do too . The military 's public claim of fault for the collision ... and their covert actions to promote that claim have raised some suspicions . Suspicions ? Of what ? That the story the military is now promoting ... is a convenience deflection and cover-up . - Of what ? - Agent Scully and I agree on some of the motives , but not exactly on the facts . - Do you have facts that I don 't ? - No , but I do have a story ... if you 're willing to hear it . Feel free to tell me it 's bull , as Agent Scully has , but I think it 's as believable as any story I 've heard . At least it 's the only one that can 't be refuted by the facts . All right . There was one man who knew what brought this plane down . And he knew it even before he got on the plane , but he got on anyway . He sat right here in this seat , 1 3-F . His name was Max Fennig . There are a number of possibilities for Max 's suspicions , but I believe Max had been followed for some time before he boarded Flight 549 . And I believe he was followed onto this plane ... by someone who wanted whatever it is Max had carried onboard with him . The object that ultimately brought down this plane , the cause which has alluded you . And what was this object ? Physical proof of the existence of extraterrestrial life and intelligence . The person who followed Max on the plane ... may have been prepared to kill to obtain this object . Its value greater than one human life , greater than the lives of the 134people on that plane . Whether that plan was executed , we may never know . Because Flight549 was intercepted by a second aircraft , an aircraft which did not appear on the military 's or anyone else 's radar screen . What the hell is this ? Max Fennig knew immediately what this craft was , and that he would not be completing the rest of the flight as scheduled . [ Woman , Screaming ] Max would have recognized immediately all the signs of an abduction scenario : ; the craft taking control of the plane and all its systems , preparing to take Max . But something happened . - Something went terribly wrong . Something unimaginable . - Okay . A third aircraft , probably an F-1 5 Eagle , was given the coordinates for Flight 549 . - Heading one-zero-zero and two-niner thousand feet . - Go ahead . The flight controllers watched the fighter enter ... Flight549 'sairspace on an intercept pattern , not knowing what they had set in motion . No way of knowing there was a third craft which was not on their screen . Not knowing that for the next nine minutes , time would standstill on Flight549 . - [ Controls Beeping ] - I 've got something . An intercept . My God ! My God ! Mayday ! Mayday ! Mayday ! [ Passengers Screaming ] [ Clicks ] You 're saying the man who was sitting in seat 1 3-F was abducted , mid-flight , without any depressurization of the cabin , without any effect on the plane ? If not for factors unforeseen , I believe Max Fennig would have been abducted ... and returned to Flight 549 without any loss of life , without a trace . Then what happened ? Flight549andthealien craft which had taken control fit ... were intercepted ... by the military fighter which had been given a specific set of orders : ; to take down the UFO . The missing nine minutes aboardFlight549 , nine minutes that would have been erased from the memories ... of the 134passengers onboard , would prove to be the final minutes of their lives . [ passengers Screaming ] [ Indistinct Shouting ] You 're saying , in effect , that Flight 549 ... was in a group of a sort of UFO tractor beam ? That 's a Hollywood term , but yes . And the air force shot down the UFO , thereby sending 549 out of control when the beam went off ? Yes . Well , where I come from , that 's what we call a whopper . Even if it were true , I could never in a million years sell that to Washington , and neither could you . Not without the object that Max Fennig was carrying . Look , I-I had the same reaction to the story as you , but there is one logical area that has yet to be explained . That is that the seats and the door ... did show traces of radioactivity . Now , you found nothing in the wreckage , no source of any emitter ? I did find something . I think you should look at it . After you 'd found the first traces , I had my team see of they could ... link the radioactivity to a cause . They found no other evidence . Except for this . - That 's it ? - That 's all there was . I 'm gonna have to make my final report . I 'll include this . - But not as a causal factor . - It 's a good story . Maybe you can sell it to the movies . - Mulder , I don 't know what else you expect him to do . - Yeah , I know . Look , it is a good story , but it 's a house of cards built on a shaky foundation . You may never know what Max was carrying . And we may never know who killed Agent Pendrill . If we don 't find out , what meaning do their deaths have or their lives ? Max will be remembered as a ... disappointing rummage sale or some kook on a home video . - Where do we even start ? - How about Sharon Graffia ? She 's a disturbed person , Mulder . She wasn 't even who she claimed to be . Yeah , but she knew Max well enough for him to write her thousands of letters . Well enough for him to call her and tell her he was gonna die . Do you know where she is ? In a mental institution . - I 'd go with ya , but I 'm afraid they 'd lock me up . - Me too . # # # # [ Rock ] # # Unmarked helicopters hovering # # - # # # # [ Continues ] - [ Man ] Hello . Are you a friend of Max 's ? - # # [ Stops ] - No . My name is , uh , Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . - You 're kiddin ' , right ? - No . Why ? Well , I manage the park . I know Max had some weird friends . And I don 't believe the FBI sends men out ' cause somebody trashed a trailer . Any idea who did this ? Uh , no . Is Max in trouble or something ? No . Max is dead . He died in a plane crash a few days ago . Oh , Lord . I am sorry to hear that . Uh , did he ever mention why he would leave or where he would go ? No , but he disappeared sometimes . Had stories . - You 're sure that 's not what happened to him ? - Yeah . Yeah , I 'm sure . Have you any idea who 's going to be taking care of his estate ? - Where I should forward his mail ? - Oh , he has mail ? Yeah , small stack of it . I 'll run and get it , if you want it . Please . Here you go . Sure feel sorry about Max . So do I . - Sharon ? - Hello . How are you feeling ? You up to answering some questions ? I 'm not Max 's sister . I know . We 're not quite sure why you lied to us though , Sharon . Or what else you might be lying about . - Doesn 't matter anymore . - Yes , it does . about what he was carrying on that plane , it could matter a lot . - To who ? - To Max . - I can 't . - Why not ? Because I could be in big , big trouble . Max had those same blisters . You both were exposed to something , Sharon . What was it ? It was something I stole . From whom ? Max was trying to find physical evidence to prove the stories about his abductions were true . You worked as an aeronautical systems engineer . You stole something from your employer , didn 't you , Sharon ? Something radioactive . Only because I believed in Max . What was it ? Max said it was alien technology . It was three interlocking parts . We divided into sections . I had one part . Max had another on board that flight . But they were taken from us . There was a third part . What happened to it ? I left a bag here . - Big bag , little bag ? - Short bag , tall bag . I don 't remember . Little bag , I think . He 's at the baggage claim . Is this it ? I 'm a federal officer . I need a security entrance to the terminal . Right this way . - Tell me , is your wife going to be with you ? - No , I 'm going alone . [ Cell phone Ringing ] Mulder . Mulder , it 's me . Where are you ? I 'm at the airport in Syracuse , New York . Whatever it is that Max had , I have it now . - How did you find it ? - Luck . What you 're carrying was stolen from a military contractor , Cummins Aerospace . - Well , what is it ? - I don 't know . I 'm going to let you know in a minute . It is extremely important that you do not take it out of its container . What 's that ? I 'm having trouble hearing you on the phone . - Did you hear what I said ? - No . Hold on . I 'm going to tell you what it looks like . No , no , no . Mulder , listen to me . Do not handle it . Whatever it is , it is highly radioactive . Hold on a second . - [ Static ] - Mulder ? [ Beeping ] It looks like a small superstructure ... with three circular pieces inside . It 's hard to tell on an X ray . Hold on . I think what we 've got here , Mulder , is high tech industrial espionage . More people are trying to get their hands on this thing than a Tickle Me Elmo doll . - I 'm getting on a flight . - What flight number ? I think it 's 501 . Yeah . I 'm gonna need a ride when I get there . I don 't think that will be a problem , Mulder . Thanks . Excuse me . You look like you 've got some room here . Do you mind ? No . Go ahead . Didn 't mean to disturb you . It 's all right . You traveling by yourself ? Do you live in D.C. ? There 's a weapon pointed at you right now . I 'm pretty sure at this range it wouldn 't just hit you in the leg . If you so much as raise your arms off your armrest , I 'm gonna test that theory . - What if you miss ? - I won 't . Do you know what happens when a plane ... suddenly depressurizes at 30,000 feet , Mr. Mulder ? After the cabin fills with fog , all light objects , anything not tied down- - and including your weapon- - go flying toward the breach . The pretty lady comes around with the honey-roasted peanuts ? Presuming the pilot is even able to keep control of the plane , I put on a lightweight parachute I just stowed in the overhead bin ... and go out the emergency exit ... with the knapsack you 're holding . What if the pilot can 't get control of the plane ? Then you die too . A man , if he 's any man at all , knows he must be ready to sacrifice himself ... to that which is greater than he . I 'm sure all the other passengers on this plane ... would appreciate dying for your noble philosophy . Look out your window , Agent Mulder . You see the lights ? Now , imagine if one of those lights flickered off . You 'd hardly notice , would you ? A dozen , two dozen lights extinguished . Is it worth sacrificing the future , the lives of millions , to keep a few lights on ? What is this ? Stolen property . It 's an alien energy source , isn 't it ? What is it , cold fusion , over-unity energy ? What could be worth killing all those passengers on Flight 549 ? The cause of that crash has been determined as human error . And I 'm gonna see you pay for that error , along with you and your employer and the government that finances its contracts . Now , I want you to stand up very slowly and move to the back of the plane . We 're gonna go to the bathroom . Move . [ Cell phone Ringing ] - [ Beeps ] - Scully . - Hey , Scully . It 's me . - Mulder , where are you ? I 'm standing outside an airplane bathroom ... where I 've got the man who shot Pendrill locked up . - What ? - It looks like I 'm gonna miss the in-flight movie . It was something starring Steve Guttenberg . Mulder , did you get on the flight that you said you were getting on ? Yeah . Everything 's going according to plan . I think you should alert Skinner anyway . I don 't want to take any chances getting this guy off the plane . - I don 't think you do either . - Right . - Hey , Scully . My watch just stopped . - Yeah ? What ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Excuse me . I 'm a federal agent . I want you to listen to me very carefully . This plane is about to be intercepted . - Intercepted ? - Intercepted , engaged and boarded . I want you to tell the captain to initiate evasive maneuvers immediately . put the bag down ! [ Passengers Screaming ] Put it down on the floor . [ All Screaming ] Drop the bag ! Drop the bag . Drop it ! Hey , let it go ! Let it go ! Mulder , where is he ? He 's not here . What do you mean ? You said you had him on this plane . You said you had what Max Fennig had . The stolen part . What time do you have ? 1 0 : 56 . Would you like to tell me what 's going on here , Agent Mulder ? I don 't think you want to know the answer . - [ Sighs ] - Is this man on the plane ? I think he got the connecting flight . [ Max ] But nobody ever finds out about it . There are scientists in Finland right now who say they have detected antigravity ... over the surface of a spinning superconducting disk . Technology that is supposedly 20 or 30 years down the road , like over-unity energy . Um , massless displacement current from cold fusion we need for space travel . I know , thanks to my inside sources , that this technology , in fact , exists . I 've seen military aircraft that use it hovering right over my trailer . Why is the U.S. Government keeping all this a secret ? I intend to expose these facts to the people . I mean , I 'm just one man . These tapes , you don 't mind if I keep them ? No . I think you should consider yourself the sole curator ... of the Max Fennig Rolling Multimedia Library and Archive . You should probably get tax-exempt status as soon as you can . This stuff could be worth something someday . I wanna thank you for helping me out , for all you 've done . Max would have wanted it that way . You lost somebody very close to you . So did you . You thinking about Pendrill ? I realized I didn 't even know his first name . I actually was thinking about , uh , this gift that you gave me for my birthday . You never got to tell me why you gave it to me or what it means . But I think I know . I think that you appreciated that there are extraordinary men and women ... and extraordinary moments ... when history leaps forward on the backs of these individuals . That what can be imagined can be achieved . That you must dare to dream . But that there 's no substitute for perseverance and hard work ... and teamwork . Because no one gets there alone . And that while we commemorate the-the greatness of these events ... and the individuals who achieve them , we cannot forget the sacrifice of those ... who make these achievements and leaps possible . I just thought it was a pretty cool key chain . Subrip by dreamer ( C )
