 [ Shovel Digging ] [ Labored Breathing ] All right , you bastard . Evil , rotten , son of a- - There you go . Your killing days are over ! No . No ! No ! [ Dog Barking ] [ Car Approaching ] [ Police Officer ] All right , sir . Put your hands in the air . Keep ' em where I can see ' em . [ Police Dispatcher , indistinct ] We gota call . You wanna tell us what you 're doing out here ? [ Gasping ] - Sir ? - [ Shouting ] [ Grunting ] [ Yelling , Gasping ] [ Man Grunting ] Turn over ! Give me your hand . Damn amp-head . Oh , Lord . jimmy , check this out . Sarah ? Sarah ! [ Sirens Wailing in Distance ] - [ Indistinct ] - Yeah . Our blind date 's not off to a great start . I 've been waiting here nearly two hours . I was asked to make sure you weren 't followed . - It 's just you , me and the drug dealers . - Yeah , well , this area ... has always been known for its criminal element . Especially when Congress is in session . - What 's this ? - Something you 'll want to follow . - Follow where ? - That 's all I have for you . What do you mean , that 's all you have for me ? I get an anonymous E-mail to meet you here . I don 't know who you are or what you want . I don 't have any obligation or desire to give you any answers . I 'm not one of your sources . Then you 're just a messenger boy ? It 's late , Agent Mulder . Go home . Get some sleep . Who told you to contact me ? How do I know I 'm not being played ? I guess you don 't . Well , you can go ahead and recycle that then . I 've been asked to tell you , you walk away from this , more people will die . [ Car Door Closes , Footsteps Departing ] [ TV : Newscaster , indistinct ] [ Door Closes ] Sorry . I would 've got here sooner , but the Beltway was a parking lot . - What 's going on ? - Multiple homicide- - a bizarre one . That 's Joseph Patnik . He murdered five people- - all of whom he insists was the same man . - What do you mean ? - He claims to have been killing the same man over and over . - Does he have a history of mental illness ? - Not that I know . - But I only just got this case yesterday . - So what 's the X-File ? In Patnik 's neighborhood two weeks ago , a baby-sitter attacked the two children she was minding . She told police she thought they were wolves . And police found no other motive for either of these attacks ? - None so far , no . - [ Man ] Agent Mulder . - I 'm Dr. Stroman . - This is my partner Special Agent Scully . - The physician in charge ? - Yeah , they called me down from D.C ... . to try and develop a clear diagnosis for the court . - Have you ? - I wish I could say yes . Has he been sedated ? Heavy thorazine , but it only seemed to knock him back a notch . He seems pretty manageable to me . It may be some form of organic delusional syndrome , possibly due to chronic methamphetamine abuse , I don 't know . - But he is prone to outbursts . - Who called you down on this case ? A Dr. Kahn from the Department of Social Health Services . - Could we speak to him ? - I don 't think he 's in today , but I could check for you . - [ Joseph Screaming ] - Orderly ! [ Screaming Continues ] [ Orderlies ] Calm down , calm down . You 're gonna be all right . - Easy . - Yes , Dr. Stroman . [ Newscaster ] Lladoslav Miriskovic personally ordered ... the rape and murder of thousands of innocent civilians ... in war torn regions of the former Yugoslavia . Reporting from- - You said you got this case last night . Where did it come from ? - It came from an outside source . - Who ? This outside source , what 's his interest in this case ? - What does he want us to uncover ? - I don 't know . And you 're not suspicious that we 're being used ? We 've got dead bodies and confessed murderers . If we 're being used , it 's to find out the connection . That 's what I 'm interested in . - [ Woman Screaming ] - [ Gunshot ] [ TV , indistinct ] Isn 't this a school day ? - We didn 't cut . - We got a pass . You got a pass to come in here and eat these people 's food and watch their TV ? - No . - Are we in trouble now ? - How 'd you get in here ? - Through the window . They leave it open for the cat . Well , maybe you should head back to school . No , no , no . Use the front door . [ TV : Explosions ] Mulder . Look at this . There must be hundreds of videos here . Anything good ? All I see are recordings of cable news shows . They 're all dated and in chronological order . That 's what Patnik was watching at the hospital when he went all wiggy . What if there 's some connection ? Between what he saw and what he recorded and what he did ? You 're the one who 's interested . [ Tape Ejects ] I just watched 36 hours of Bernard Shaw and Bobby Batiste . Now I 'm about ready to kill somebody too . I 'm gonna show you something . These tapes are dated April 1 9 , April 21 and April 23 . Each corresponds to a night that Patnik committed murder . - What 's on the tapes ? - Among other things , a one-hour special report on the atrocities in Bosnia . A report that prominently features Lladoslav Miriskovic . The same guy that started Patnik screaming in the psych ward ? And my guess is that once I review the tapes for the night that Patnik killed his wife , that I 'll find that report there as well . So you think that because Patnik saw this war criminal on television , he was somehow inspired to go out and murder these people ? Well , recent studies have linked violence on television to violent behavior . But those studies are based on the assumptions that Americans are just empty vessels ... ready to be filled with any idea or image that 's fed to them , like a bunch of Pavlov dogs , and go out and act on it . But they believe that the causal connections are there . Studies have shown connections between cow flatulence and the depletion of the ozone layer . You 're talking about pseudo-science used to make political book . All I 'm saying is that it 's clear that the programs that Patnik watched ... somehow triggered his violent behavior . - How ? - The doctor suggested amphetamine abuse . Maybe that , coupled with the disturbing images ... that he was watching , pushed him over the edge . All I know is TV does not make a previously sane man ... go out and kill five people thinking they 're all the same guy . Not even " Must See TV " could do that to you . Okay , then how do you explain it ? I can 't . Not yet . - Where are you going ? - I 'm gonna get some sleep . - [ Door Opens ] - Looks like you could use some too . No , I 'm gonna ... watch the rest of these tapes , just out of curiosity . You have fun . [ Door Closes ] [ Phone Ringing in Mulder 's Room ] [ Ringing Continues ] [ Mulder Chattering , indistinct ] No , she doesn 't . [ Crunching On Ice ] - ~ ~ [ TV : Talk Show Theme Music ] - [ Humming ] - [ Applause ] - [ Man ] Good luck on the prize tonight . Before we go any further , I 'd like to introduce- - [ Giggling ] [ Moaning ] Washer / dryer ! Tell ' em about it , Johnny . - This beautiful washer / dryer- - - [ Gunshot ] - [ Knock At Door ] - [ Mulder ] Scully ? - Yeah ? - I just gota call . There 's been another murder . Yeah . I 'll be right there . It happened just less than an hour ago . It seems to match our pattern- - a housewife gone berserk . The car 's been moved . Did you take it out last night ? No . Uh , I went out , and I got a paper this morning . Why ? Nothing . Nothing . Let 's go see the crime scene . [ Dog Barking ] - [ Man ] That 's all the information I have , sir . - [ Mulder ] Thanks , Detective . - You 're welcome . - Just got through talking to the detective in charge . The shooter 's name is Helene Riddock , age 42 . - They took her to county lockup . - What happened ? She claims she looked out the window and saw her husband in the hammock ... with a blonde . [ Barks ] - That blonde ? - Yeah , apparently he was only taking a nap with his dog . But Mrs. Riddock swears she looked out the window ... and saw her husband in the hammock with a blonde woman . So this woman killed her husband because she thought he was cheating on her ? This is not even her husband . Her husband 's a long-haul trucker . He 's been out of town for the last ten days . This is Mr. John Gilnitz . He 's her next-door neighbor . She didn 't even have the right backyard . Helene Riddock lives over here . Scully ? Yeah . Let 's check it out . [ Woman ] One of my favorites . He is so cute . " The Little Traveler " is normally $ 1 29.99 . And that 's what you 're gonna pay at the department stores- - A thing of beauty is a joy forever . What do you think , Scully ? I think television plays a large part in both of these murderers ' lives . As it does in almost every American home . But television does not equal violence . I don 't care what anybody says- - unless you consider bad taste an act of violence . More tapes . Hang on a second . I 'll be right back . Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! - Mulder , what are you doing ? - I 'm coming down . - What is it ? - Some kind of cable trapper scrambler ... running from the pole into the house . Maybe it 's a job for Special Agent Pendrall in the sci-crime lab . - Yeah . - You want it analyzed ? Yeah . I 'll do it . It makes more sense for you to interview Helene Riddock . Get her version of the story . Maybe she knows what this thing is . Is there a problem with that ? No , that 's , that 's fine . Stay in touch . [ Car Door Closes , Engine Starts ] It looks a lot like a standard video trap for blocking premium cable channels . - What does this one block ? - Amazingly , it doesn 't seem to block anything . - Well , what does it do ? - Glad you asked . I bet all you guys were officers in the audio / visual club in high school , huh ? This is the straight feed off our bars and tone generator . And here are the bars and tone as attenuated through the device . - It looks the same . - Well , that 's what you 'd think . We couldn 't discern any difference between the feeds- - not until we compared them on the oscilloscope . It still looks the same . Hold onto your hat , dude . - [ Beeping ] - We have touchdown . So they 're different . So ? They 're different . - You know the way TV works . - Yeah , you click it on , you get a picture- - It 's a rapid series of still pictures fired against the tube . There 's something nonstandard here , in the vertical blanking interval- - information that 's being added into the spaces between the still pictures . - What kind of information ? - We don 't know . This is as far as we can get with this equipment . - Well , can 't you take it apart ? - Not without destroying it completely . - That 's by design . - An amazingly sophisticated design . - All we can say for sure is- - - This device is emitting a signal . [ Phone Dialing ] - [ Phone Ringing ] - Mulder . Where are you ? I was just about to call you . Look , I 'm on my way back . You may have been right , Scully , at least , partly . There is a foreign signal being introduced into these people 's homes through the TV set . - Scully , are you there ? - I 'm here . I think they may be running some kind of test . Scully , did you hear what I just said ? - So you had it analyzed ? - Yeah . I just talked to Agent Pendrall . He said that you never showed up . - I didn 't take it over to Pendrall . - Then where were you ? I 'd rather talk about it when we get on a landline , okay ? We 've dealt with these kind of people before . We know what they 're capable of . - [ Clicking ] - What was that ? - What was what ? - [ Clicking Continues ] - There . That noise . Scully , is there something wrong ? - Mulder . - [ Clicking Continues ] - Mulder , who 's listening to- - - Scully , look . I 'm gonna be right there , okay ? - Don 't go anywhere . Scu- - - [ Phone Hangs Up ] [ Phone Redialing ] [ Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] [ Car Approaching ] - [ Car Stops ] - [ Gasps ] [ Chattering , indistinct ] [ Pounding On Door ] [ Pot Clattering ] Get back . Call the police . Scully . Scully ! [ Phone Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] [ Sighing ] Hello ? Mrs. Scully , hi . It 's Fox Mulder . What is it ? What 's the matter ? I was hoping that you 'd heard from Dana . - No . Something happened ? - I 'm , I 'm not exactly sure . There 's- - There 's some confusion here . She 's missing . What do you mean , missing ? Well , she ran off last night . Um ... w-we 're looking for her as best we can . - But we are a little concerned . - Oh , my God . I hate to do this to you , but I gotta hang up on you right now . Fox , would you please just tell me what 's wrong ? Hang by the phone . I will call you as soon as I know something . Sir , can I have a word with you ? This manhunt is being conducted as if we 're searching for an escaped convict . Mulder , I share your concern for Agent Scully . But she fired four rounds at you and an unarmed civilian . These officers should be instructed not to confront her once they find her . - What would you have them do ? - Just to keep an eye on her until I can get there . - I think I can get her to listen to me . - She didn 't last night . That 's because she 's not responsible for her own actions . She 's suffering from some kind of paranoid psychosis . - Brought on by what ? - I can 't explain the exact mechanism , but it has to do with certain videotapes we watched ... that we recovered from a crime scene . - Videotapes ? - Videotapes that contain an electronic signal ... that somehow induces violent behavior . [ Sighs ] Do you have any proof of this ? I 'm working on that . Whatever prompted her behavior , the fact remains that Scully is armed and obviously dangerous . I suggest you marshal whatever resources you have to make sure you find her first . [ Phone Ringing ] - Mulder . - We pulled something off that videotape in Scully 's room . - What is it ? - Something interesting . But we don 't want to talk about it over the phone . Big Brother may be listening . [ Phone Hangs Up ] Here is the tape Scully was reviewing last night . - We scanned samples of the tape onto disks . - Digitized it . Using some interpolating freeware we pulled down off the net , we were able to blank out the invisible frames . What am I looking at ? Well , this is the actual signal your cable trap device was emitting . Of course , we slowed it down significantly . It 's designed to cycle at 15flashespersecond ... to induce what 's known as the photic driving response . Bring it home , boys . This device is stimulating electrical activity in the brain . Studies into subliminal influence have shown a correlation ... between heightened suggestibility and the manipulation of this response . - Mind control ? - 57 channels of it . Tachistoscopic images , like they use to sell popcorn at the movies . Both Russian and American scientists have been working with them for decades . - Not to mention Madison Avenue . - The naked lady in the ice cube . - Ah , one of my personal favorites . - Why wasn 't I affected ? That 's the one thing we haven 't figured out yet . This , uh , subliminal signal- - could color be a factor in it ? - Maybe . - I 'm red-green color blind . His inability to perceive the color red could render him immune to psychotropic effects . - [ Phone Ringing ] - But why design a color-dependent signal ? - Why not ? Red-green colorblind- - - Mulder . That 's only a small percentage of the male population . Which still leaves the vast majority vulnerable to its effects . - I 'll be right there . - What happened ? Maryland State Police . They think they 've found Scully . Is she okay ? No , um- - They think maybe I should come down and I.D. the body . - [ Tires Screeching ] - Get in . - I can 't talk to you right now . - They 're watching you . Get in before you get us both killed . That 's an interesting choice of words . My partner may be dead . - That 's not my concern . - The hell it isn 't ! We 're here because of you ! - Keep your voice down . - Who are you ? Who do you work for ? We 're wasting time . While you 're chasing your partner , they 're destroying the evidence . - Who ? - Just follow the evidence . If you don 't , by tomorrow the responsible parties will be out of your reach . A state highway patrolman found the body ... off a rural highway at approximately 2 : 00 p.m. Nude , shot in the forehead . - Are you ready ? - Let me do that . It 's not her . Somebody has to call her mother . We already tried . We weren 't able to reach her . She 's not answering her phone ? - Mrs. Scully . Is she here ? - Uh , no . You haven 't been answering your phone . - When I hear from her , I 'll call you , okay ? - I need to see her . Fox , please . Go away . Go away ! Where is she ? Dana , putdown the gun ! I 'm here to help you , Scully . I told you , Mom . He 's here to kill me . - I 'm on your side . You know that . - Put it down , Dana . Scully , listen tome very carefully . You don 't know it , but you 're sick with the same thing that drove those other people to murder . - And whatever you think may be happening- - - Just step back . Dana , you 're not yourself . He 's telling you the truth . It 's not the truth , Mom . He 's lied to me from the beginning . - He never trusted me . - Scully , you are the only one I trust . You 're in on it . You 're one of them . You 're one of the people who abducted me . You put that thing in my neck ! You killed my sister ! - That 's not true , Dana . - It is . - I want you to listen to me . - Mom , just get out of the way ! You trust me , don 't you ? You know that I would never hurt you . That I would never let anybody hurt you . That 's why you came here , isn 't it ? You 're safe here . Put the gun down , Dana . Put it down . [ Crying ] [ Woman On P.A. ] Dr. Monsignor . [ Knock At Door ] [ Newscaster , indistinct ] How are you feeling ? Ashamed . I was so sure , Mulder . I saw things , and I heard things . And it was just like the world was turned upside down . Everybody was out to get me . Now you know how I feel most of the time . I thought you were gonna kill me . I 'm not surprised . I did some checking . Joseph Patnik thought he was murdering a Bosnian war criminal , a man the media described as a modern day Hitler . It turns out both Patnik 's parents were Holocaust survivors . - I 'm not following . - Helene Riddock was scared ... that her husband was gonna be unfaithful to her . You see a pattern developing ? What if this video signal ... somehow turned these people 's anxieties into some kind of dementia ? A virtual reality of their own worst nightmares . Like me thinking that you 'd betray me . I was so far gone , Mulder , I thought that you were gone to the other side . - What do you mean ? - That cancer man , that man who smokes all those cigarettes . I was sure that I saw the two of you sitting in your car in the motel parking lot . You were reporting to him . You handed him a videotape . It ... it was crazy . - Well , maybe not . - What do you mean ? Well , somebody 's behind this . We just don 't know who . - You think it could be him ? - I don 't know . Why don 't you try to get some rest ? - Dr. Lorenz ? - Agent Mulder . I was just about to check in on your partner . What course of treatment have you outlined for Agent Scully ? At this point , nothing more than bed rest . We still haven 't been able to determine what brought this on . As far as I can tell , there 's nothing medically wrong with her . - Well , that didn 't seem to be the case last night . - No , it wasn 't . It 's got me puzzled . Her M.R.I. was negative , but the spinal tap revealed high levels of serotonin in her brain . Do you think that would account for her strange behavior ? High serotonin levels have been associated with mania . But the good news is , as of this afternoon , her levels are pretty much back to normal . Dr. Lorenz , uh , would you have made a diagnosis of amphetamine abuse for someone in Agent Scully 's condition ? Not given her serotonin levels . No , that wouldn 't make any sense . Thank you . Thank you . [ Phone Dialing , Ringing ] Braddock Heights . Yeah , I need the number for the Frederick County Psychiatric Hospital . [ Phone Ringing ] Ward three . This is Fox Mulder with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . I need to talk to Dr. Stroman , please . I 'm sorry . Dr. Stroman is no longer here . I believe he 's returned to Washington . - Know where I can reach him ? - I 'm not sure . He left us a local number . It 's around here somewhere . - Is it 555-01 35 ? - That 's it . Thank you . You want me to go first this time ? Damn straight . I haven 't had a chance to clean the room yet . He just checked out . But with all the excitement , I don 't blame him . - Do you charge for local calls ? - Of course . - Then you 'd have a record of all calls made from here ? - I 'll get it . Thank you . Here you go . Thanks . Thank you . Hey , Danny . It 's Mulder . I need you to check a number for me . - That 's what he told me , Stroman . - Then where is he ? - He said he 'd be here . - He 'll be here . It 's almost 7 : 00 . I can 't wait any longer . There 's no sign of him ! [ Gunshots ] You 're too late , Agent Mulder . Now that you 've destroyed all the evidence . You were told this would happen . You made your choice . I just didn 't know I was working for you . I had no alternative . I was being watched too closely . I couldn 't risk compromising myself . - Why kill them if you wanted me to expose them ? - Those were always my orders . I was just hoping you 'd get to them first . And uncover what ? What were they trying to do ? Manipulate people 's behavior ? Alter their decision-making process ? What to buy ? Who to vote for ? You think they 'll stop at commerce and politics ? Where will they stop ? That 's where you failed , Agent Mulder . Don 't lay this off on me . You pulled me into this situation ... because you didn 't have the courage to reveal the truth yourself . - Feel better now ? - You 're a coward ! You work in the shadows . You feed me scraps , hoping that I could piece it together . You 've made me risk my life , you 've risked my partner 's life ... and you never risk your own ! You 're not walking away from this . You 're risking your life right now . You failed . This is your success ? Killing me ? The truth is , you need me , Agent Mulder . [ Sirens Wailing in Distance ] This is your final report , Agent Mulder ? - Yes , sir . - I see more questions here than I do answers . You don 't know who manufactured the device you found or what its purpose was . - No , sir . - [ Knock At Door ] - Agent Scully , welcome back . - I 'm sorry I 'm late . I just got back from the documents section . What did you find out about the two men Mulder found executed ? The cable company employee had no criminal record . In fact , there was nothing remarkable about him whatsoever . We found a medical license under the name " Dr. Henry Stroman " ... in Falls Church , Virginia . He died in 1 978 . What about their killer ? He remains an unknown subject . Have you completed your work ? All the personnel and hardware have been removed . But Mulder still has one of the devices . Well , it proves nothing . What about , uh , Mulder 's source ? He 's been eliminated . And his source ? Who 's he working with ? That person remains unknown .
