 [ Woman ] Miss Holland , I 'm Nurse Waite . I 'll be assisting in your procedure . Is it going to hurt ? You won 't feel a thing . There isn 't even any blood . Dr. Lloyd 's done over a thousand lipo procedures . You 're in good hands . [ Orderly ] Okay , here we go . I 'm going to give you a tranquilizer now , and then right before the operation ... the doctor will give you injections of saline and anesthetic . All you have to worry about is buying a new wardrobe . Your liposuction patient is prepped and waiting in room five . - [ Water Running ] - Fine . What else am I scheduled for ? You 've got a scalp reduction and a blepharoplasty following . Are they prepped ? - Um , no . Would you like- - - Get them ready , please . I 'd like to move right along this morning . Yes , Doctor . [ Whirring ] How are you doing ? Is the doctor going to be much longer ? I think my tranquilizer 's starting to wear off . I 'm sorry . I-I don 't know where- - Dr. Lloyd ! I think this patient is finished . What else do you call it ? When you 're in your body and out of it at the same time ... without the ability to control your actions ... to stop yourself from doing what I did to that poor man ? What else do you call it ? Spirit possession or demon possession ? While the semental states have been well documented through out history ... they 've been much maligned- - rightly or wrongly- - and haven 't held up in court well as a criminal defense . I reiterate that I have advised my client against speaking to you . I 'd appreciate it if you would direct any legal discussion to counsel . Dr. Lloyd , are you currently taking any kind of medication ? The occasional sleeping pill and a prescription antacid for my stomach . Would you mind allowing me to check the dosage and which ones ? No , I really- - I would like to know why . I think you 've gotten a clear picture of my client 's story ... and his willingness to go along with your investigation . Yes , I believe we have . Dr. Lloyd , you say that you 've taken sleeping pills . How much sleep did you get the night before ? I , um- - I can 't recall . - The sleeping pill he was taking was something called Somanil . - I 've heard of it . It 's popular because it works directly on the central nervous system ... and it isn 't stored in body tissue past its intended use . But it 's also vety controversial for its addictiveness ... and its effect on long-term behavior . What was the date of Dr. Lloyd 's prescription ? He started taking the drug five years ago , and he went through- - Oh , he took a lot of it : 19100-tablet refills . - Wow . - [ Scully ] Yeah . That 's more than a pill a day . An addiction , in other words . An addiction which very well could have altered his ability to do his job . How many of these procedures would you say Dr. Lloyd 's performed ? Judging from his schedule the day of the accident ... hundreds and probably thousands . And not one fatality . You 're missing my point here , Mulder . This place is a veritable factory . Cosmetic surgery is the boom industry of the medical world . A.S.U. wards like this are a gold mine . Every body 's doing it , so I hear . A brand-new , state-of-the-art facility like this can support an entire hospital . - What do you suppose these are ? - What ? These five marks on your brand-new , state-of-the-art floor . They look like they were made by the coasters from an O.R. table ... or some kind of equipment . They look to me like they were burned or scorched . In the shape of a pentagram . Mulder , if you want to connect the dots here , you should look at the facts . Iatrogenic deaths or deaths due to doctor error ... are upwards of 80,000 a year . Dr. Lloyd was pushing his limits . He was an accident waiting to happen . I 'm not a doctor , Scully , but you 've got to be pushing pretty hard ... to mistake a beer belly for a bald head ... not to mention door number three . It 's amazing that no one saw him in time to stop him . Maybe they were all possessed . I don 't think it 's just a simple possession , Scully . I think it 's more like sorcery or black magic or something like that . Excuse me . What kind of procedure is that up there ? It 's a rhinoplasty . I 'm sorry , who are you ? We 're with the F.B.I. I 'm Agent Scully and this is Agent Mulder . We 're investigating apatient 's death here . Oh , uh , yes . You 're Rebecca Waite . You were the attending nurse at the time . Am I correct ? - Yes . - Can you explain to me what happened with Dr. Lloyd ... how a mistake like this could happen ? No . No , I can 't really . I wasn 't in the O.R. at the time ... and it 's difficult for me in my position . Did you observe Dr. Lloyd at all before the accident ? I helped prep the patient . I was supposed to assist . I did my job as a nurse . Are you aware that Dr. Lloyd is claiming he was possessed during the incident ? I guess it 's cheaper than malpractice insurance . Give him 500 c.c.s of Ringer 's wide open before he goes to recovery . - I need you to keep up with me here . - Right away , Dr. Shannon . Dr. Shannon , can we have a word with you , please ? I 'm sorry . I 've got a patient who can 't wait . There 's magic going on here , Mulder ... only it 's being done with silicone , collagen and a well-placed scalpel . [ Man ] What we have to do here is keep calm ... and do nothing out of the ordinary . The appearance here of any dissembling or impropriety ... will only deepen the F.B.I. ' s probe ... on top of Dr. Lloyd 's insurance investigation . Dr. Lloyd has made us a target . The last thing we need is to be caught up in an expose . Then they start looking at our books again . It 's bad enough we have to explain why buttock liposculptures cost 4,000 a pop . We look greedy , therefore we look guilty . We haven 't done anything wrong , Dr. Ilaqua . If we give any credence or credibility to Dr. Lloyd 's story ... they 're gonna burn us at the stake . What about the other personnel ? They were talking to the nurse- - Waite . She can 't tell them anything ... because she doesn 't know anything . I can 't feel my feet . I 'm having a skin peel , but I can 't feel my feet . It 's okay . It 's okay . Your feet are still there . They aren 't going anywhere . It 's- - It 's just ... I 'm afraid to be put to sleep . [ Sighs ] What if I don 't wake up ? Not to worry . Not to worry . I want you to relax ... and think about your beautiful new face . You 're in good hands . We 're going to protect you . [ Knocking ] - You wanted to show me something ? - Yeah , a video tape . This video of the operation shows that the five marks delineating the pentagram ... were in evidence prior to the patient 's death . Stop it a second . My God , he basically stabbed the man to death in his sleep . Which only underscores the strangeness . A sane man acting under his own volition could never perform such an act . Look . There . Presuming that has anything to do with this , who would have put them there ? I don 't know . A pentagram is supposed to be a symbol of protection and positive power ... used to control the elemental forces . - Then it doesn 't make sense . - But it does make sense that witch craft ... would find a theater in a place like this ... preying on the weak and vainglorious . But there 's no other evidence of anything like witchcraft taking place here . Maybe there is . What was that prescription that Dr. Lloyd was taking ? - The sleeping pills ? - No , the stomach antacid . Read me what it 's made from . " An antispasmodic whose active ingredients include belladonna alkaloids- - " It 's also known as Witch 's Berty . That 's an herb used in hexing rituals . Mulder , do you know how many pharmaceuticals listed in the P.D.R. contain belladonna ? Yeah , just one ; the one Dr. Lloyd was taking . If it 's that simple , why don 't you put out an A.P.B. for someone riding a broom ? You jest , Scully , but there 's a good chance ... that this hex or ritual or whatever it is may not be finished . The F.B.I. seems to have backed off , at least for the time being . - Yes . - Are you finished for the day ? - Yes . - I 've got a laser peel . Then I 'm out of here . We 're gonna get through this , Eric . All we have to do is keep our heads on straight . The patient is prepped . Is there anything you need me to do ? Yes , I 'm gonna need a clean pair of scrubs from the laundry . I forgot to pick some up . I 'll get them now . Is there anything you need , Dr. Ilaqua ? No , thank you . Am I prepped in another room ? No , your patient 's in O.R. two . Who 's that ? That 's Dr. Ilaqua . What the hell is he doing with my patient ? - [ Whirring ] - [ Shannon ] Dr. Ilaqua ! Open this door ! Eric , open this door immediately ! Dr. Ilaqua , do you hear me ? You 've got to stop this now ! This is wrong ! What are you doing ? Eric ! Open this door immediately ! This is Dr. Shannon ! I said stop this now ! Stop ! You don 't remember anything , Dr. Ilaqua ? How you got in the room or what compelled you to do such a thing ? No . I was on my way home . Do you realize what you 've done now ? Yes . May I ? I 'll be right back . Did you examine the victim ? No , just Dr. Ilaqua . Why ? I found something else on the video tape . Right there . [ Scully ] What are they , bruises ? I don 't know , but the orientation of the points ... describes a pentagram again . See ? Well , I found something too . That 's the same prescription Dr. Lloyd was taking . You think it 's just a coincidence ? Yeah . Any change in scheduling or work load ... is going to give the appearance of covering guilt . We can 't compromise our position on this . Sorry to barge in , but this is a matter of some urgency . No , please . I 'm Dr.Jack Franklyn . May we ask you to sit down ? It appears we 've interrupted a gathering . " Gathering " ? Sir ... can you imagine this group 's concern about what 's happened ... and our urgency to resolve this ... and to finally bring the person responsible to justice ? " Finally " ? I don 't know how much of this you know ... but ten years ago ... there were several deaths at this hospital ... here in the A.S.U. , and , like the recent deaths ... they were all ruled accidental . - Were any of you here at the time ? - A few of us . Yes , bu tmore importantly ... there 's a nurse : Rebecca Waite . She was on the ward during those incidents . Six weeks ago , she transferred back here to the A.S.U. Do you have any other reasons to suspect her ? Well , she 's the only person on the ward who had some contact ... with each of the victims and the doctors involved . - Have you spoken with her ? - No , she left the hospital early ... and no one 's been able to find her . [ Woman Chanting Softly ln Foreign Language ] [ Chanting Continues ] [ Chanting Continues ] [ Chanting Continues ] [ Cat Meows ] Probable cause . Under suspicion of being a witch ? Mulder . What could she have been doing in here ? Probably not tax returns . [ Water Dripping ] [ Both Grunting ] [ Shouts ] [ Dial Tone ] [ Line Ringing ] You have reached the 911 emergency line . Please stay on the line . [ Growls , Screaming ] [ Continues Screaming ] [ Panting ] [ Waite Grunting ] You don 't know what you 're doing . Let me go . - They don 't understand . You have to tell them . - I want to speak to her . - Tell them ! - Mulder , don 't . I tried to stop him , but it 's too powerful . Someone has to stop- - [ Gasping , Gagging ] - Get the paramedics over here . - [ Retching ] [ Scully ] Get the paramedics over here now ! [ Paramedic ] Watch it . She swallowed straight pins and is bleeding internally . You 've got to get her into surgery immediately . [ paramedic ] There you go . I 'm going with her to the E.R. [ Siren Blaring ] I would have done it myself , but I 'm still a little shaky . Jack , you 're a lot cooler than I 'd be if it 'd been me . Ah , well , the important thing is it 's over now . Dr. Franklyn ? Oh ... Agent Mulder . - I came to see if you were okay . - Yes , I 'm fine . Thank you . That woman broke in . She was in here waiting for him . Looks like she took a pretty good shot at you . Yes , apparently . Nothing that a little plastic surgery won 't fix up , though , huh ? You have any idea why she might have attacked you ? I 'm the one who voiced suspicion about her . - She wouldn 't have known that . - [ Shannon ] It could have been anyone of us . - She 's obviously quite mad . - We have reason to believe she 's a practitioner of ritual magic . - " Ritual magic " ? - A practicing witch . She 's responsible for Dr.Lloyd and Dr.Ilaqua ? Witchcraft caused them to kill those patients ? I think a lot remains to be proven . I 'm sorry . This evening has been a bit much ... and I really need to get some rest . I think all of us would like to get some rest ... get back to work and put this behind us . - Mulder , it 'sme . - Come in . It 's open . - God , you look tired . - I do ? [ Groans ] I was just at the hospital . Our suspect , Rebecca Waite , was pronounced 20 minutes ago . - Cause of death ? - Massive blood loss due to esophageal hemorrhaging ... caused by the expulsion of hundreds of straight pins . You ever see anything like that ? Well , in med school I saw some weird stuff . There 's a psychiatric disorder called pica ... which is characterized by the craving for non food objects like clay , rocks , glue . But if she swallowed- - She would have died long before she yacked them up on the driveway . Unless she didn 't ingest them at all , which would fit ... with a phenomenon called all otriophagy . " All otriophagy " ? Yeah , the spontaneous vomiting or disgorgement ... of foul or strange objects usually associated with someone possessed . Mulder , I won 't refute that this woman may have been practicing the occult ... but what comes out must first go in . According to this book , people throughout history have coughed up things- - from cue balls to knives- - without any explanation of how they got there . - Where did you get this from ? - Rebecca Waite 's house . It 's the same place I got this . This calendar was open to April . The 30th is marked by a symbol you 're familiar with by now . What 's the significance of the 30th ? It 's one of the four greater witches ' Sabbaths . They 're seasonal high holy days . According to that book there , it 's also known as Roodmas . It 's also the birth date of the first victim . Now , July 31st ... is also marked with a pentagram . This coincides with Lammas , another one of the witches ' Sabbaths . It 's also the birth date of the second victim . You think she was choosing her victims based on their birthdays ? No , no . Remember , I said the pentagram is a protective symbol . I think Rebecca Waite was trying to save those patients . I think she knew they were in danger . Which made her attack Dr. Franklyn . I think she knew something about him ... and we should find out what that is before he goes back to work . - I just got a very disturbing call . - From whom ? The F.B.I. They were asking about patients ' birth dates . They 're on their way over here right now . - I thought this was over . - Apparently not . You have a good thing going , you can bet ... somebody will try and take it away . I 'm beginning to understand why a man becomes a conservative . He 's got something to conserve . Are you all right , Jack ? Yeah , I just didn 't get much sleep last night . - Of course you didn 't . - I 'll be fine . [ Clears Throat ] Gail , push my osteoplasty back half an hour . - Yes , Doctor . - I 'm taking your chem peel . - You 're going home . - I said I 'll be fine . Take a look at yourself . You look like hell , Jack . Look , I appreciate the offer- - Don 't get me wrong . I am not being magnanimous here . We just can 't afford to make any more mistakes right now . Yes , thank you . Dr. Franklyn 's already left , but his office confirms ... that one of his patients has a birthday which corresponds with one of the Sabbaths . - When is that patient scheduled ? - This morning . She 's already in preop , and one of the other doctors is filling in . Is Dr. Franklyn okay ? - He 's just not feeling very well . - Oh . I-I suppose this is one of those procedures ... - that all doctors here can do , isn 't it ? - Yes . Yes , Dr. Franklyn said ... that a chemical skin peel is safe ... almost ... risk free . We 're looking for Dr. Shannon . [ Screaming ] [ Gasping ] [ Crying ] Our practice has been affiliated with Greenwood for 13 years . Now the A.S.U. accounts for over 50 % of this hospital 's revenue . Do you understand what that means ? It means that while doctors in other fields ... have seen their earnings fall because of managed health care ... you 've all managed to become wealthy . We fill a need . We didn 't create it . Every one wants to be beautiful . But our success made us arrogant . I 'm willing to accept responsibility for certain of our ... mistakes . " Mistakes " ? Like those patient deaths ten years ago ? That any of us could be capable of such gross negligence ... was inconceivable . - So you covered it up . - If we did , it was with the hospital 's blessing . They conducted the investigation . We had become too valuable an asset ... something they had to protect , even at the cost of five lives . There were five deaths ? Yes , four patients . The fifth was a colleague of ours who ... for all intents and purposes , worked himself to death . He died of a drug overdose . - What was his name ? - Dr. Cox . Clifford Cox . - Do you have a file on him ? - Probably in the computer . Great . I 'm gonna need that and the files on those patient deaths ten years ago . Why , Mulder ? What are you thinking ? [ Mulder ] Dr. Clifford Cox . Birth date : July 7 , 1939 . Can you take that photo and run it through ... the cosmetic surgery program I saw on this computer ? It will take me a few seconds to load up the software . Mulder , I 'm still not sure where you 're going with this . Ten years ago , four patients died . Like the recent victims , their birth dates matched the witches ' Sabbaths , except Dr. Cox . But Cox was a doctor . Nothing about his death matches up except its coincidence . Maybe , maybe not . I 'm online here . Okay , this software was created to give patients an idea of their projected result , right ? Within the limits of what the patient comes in with ... we try to approach that aesthetic ideal . The computer runs a program based upon a matrix of relative proportions . Vanity . Vanity , all is vanity . [ Computer Beeps ] [ Shannon ] Here it is . Now , can you move the eyes further apart and strengthen the forehead ? That is beyond our surgical capabilities . I know . I don 't understand . It looks like Jack Franklyn . [ panting ] [ Panting ] - Where else do you think he would be ? - I don 't know . I 'll check the O.R. Maybe he 's there . He 's not answering his pages . - Did you try his home ? - Answering machine . What are you thinking , Mulder ? Dr. Cox murdered these patients ten years ago , and then became Dr. Franklyn ? No , I think he murdered those patients so he could become Dr. Franklyn . This kind of transformation is medically impossible . It 's not medicine , Scully . It 's blood sacrifice . - " Blood sacrifice " ? - The most potent offering in black magic . What if this man , having reached the limits of medical miracles ... decided to stage a miracle all his own ? So this man committed these murders in order to make himself beautiful ? Everybody wants to be beautiful , Scully . Jack . What are you doing ? I 'm so glad that you 're here . Jack , stay right where you are . [ Gasping ] I hope those instruments were properly sterilized . [ Gasping ] Dr. Franklyn ? [ Mulder ] Scully , come over here . Stop right there . Look what you 're standing on . This one 's different . It 's been inverted . See these two upright points here ? They represent the goat of lust , attacking heaven with its horns . Look , he 's inscribed all the names of the patients who were killed . Including Dr. Shannon . [ Man ] Clear the way ! Moving through ! What did you swallow ? What did you swallow ? - [ Orderly ] She didn 't say . - I 'm going in to do an exploratory laparotomy . [ Mumbling ] Please ... don 't . Give her two units blood , stat . Someone get a 16-gauge I.V. in and open it wide . [ Woman ] I 'll get the I.V. , Doctor . No . Please , no . No . No , please , don 't . Where 's Dr. Shannon ? They said she was brought here in an emergency . Dr. Shannon ? [ Scully ] Mulder , here . Don 't let them operate on her . Hold them off until you hear from me . - Where are you going ? - To find Dr. Franklyn . - Forceps . - Here you go . - Sponge it . Suction . - Suction . [ Monitor Beeping ] - [ Doctor ] Flush . - Saline . - More sponge . - Lap . You have to stop this procedure immediately ! Whoever that person is , get her out of here now ! I 'm Special Agent Dana Scully . I 'm an F.B.I. agent . - Get out of here now ! - Listen to me ! I 'm a doctor ! - [ Door Opens ] - What the hell 's going on ? - I 'm a federal agent . - I don 't care who you are . You can 't interrupt a surgery . - This woman could die . - That 's exactly what I 'm trying to prevent . - What happened ? - They saved her life . They just pulled a whole rack of surgical instruments out of her intestinal tract . God only knows how they got there . Then it failed . [ Intercom ] Code Blue team to the E.R. , stat . [ Woman Crying Hysterically ] Oh , my God ! [ Alarm Blaring , people Yelling ] I tried to stop him ! He just went crazy ! We 're losing her ! Fast ! - What is this patient 's birth date ? - [ Doctor ] Clear ! Do it again ! October 31st . Halloween . On Samhain , the fourth witches ' Sabbath . Holdon ! Clear ! I can 't tell you how happy we are ... that you 've decided to join us , Dr. Hartman . Well , I like what I 've seen so far . The truth is , I 've always been drawn to Los Angeles . With your credentials , I 'm sure you had plenty of options . I 've been reviewing your patient portfolio . Your work is among the most impressive I 've ever seen . I like to say whoever God didn 't get around to creating in His own image ... it 's our job to recreate in ours . Subrip by dreamer ( C )
