 [ Men Chattering in Spanish ] [ Shouting in Spanish ] [ Men Chattering in Spanish ] - Dr. Roosevelt . - What is it ? We found something I think you should see . - It 's an Amaru . - I know . It 's fantastic . It 's nearly intact . - We can 't take it . - What do you mean ? They 're saying the body of a female shaman is sacred to the tribe . They won 't allow us to disturb her . We are not disturbing her . We 're saving her . You know the situation here . I thought you could handle these people . Dr. Roosevelt , I think this is dangerous . I don 't think this is right ! Have the piece cleared and packed . It 's going with us . * * [ Classical ] * * [ Volume Decreases ] ~ ~ [ Volume increases ] ~ ~ [ Drum Pounding Slowly ] * * [ Chanting ] ~ ~ [ All Chanting ] * * [ Chanting ] ~ ~ [ Chanting Continues ] * * [ Continues ] [ Screaming ] Mr. Horning , are you still here ? Mr. Horning ? What the hell ? How did you learn about what happened here last night ? Tim Decker , one of our security guards , called me when he first discovered the blood . According to the police , you felt his murder may have been an act of political terrorism . I think Craig Horning was killed because of the project he was working on . Is that the , uh , " the survey and excavation ... of the highland burial grounds of the Secona Indians " ? This is from a letter that was sent to the state department on behalf of the Secona , demanding the return of a certain artifact . The Amaru Urn . It was among the antiquities we rescued last month . - Rescued ? - When Petro Ecuador announced plans to build a gas pipeline ... through the burial grounds , Carl Roosevelt and I organized the dig . As I understand it , Roosevelt disappeared under circumstances not dissimilar to ones here . The Ecuadorian government claimed he was carried off in some wild animal attack . But that 's not what you believe . - Not after last night . - Have there ever been any death threats ? - No . - Well , what about the curse ? Secona believed that great evil will befall anyone that disturbs the remains of an Amaru . A woman shaman . That they would be devoured by the jaguar spirit . A myth that gained some currency among the Secona when Dr. Roosevelt disappeared . - I 'm sure . - The unfortunate thing is ... somebody exploiting it to promote fear . To pressure us into returning the bones . Which I have no intention of doing . - Can we see it ? - Yes , of course . Mona . Personally , if someone digs me up in a thousand years , I hope there 's a curse on them too . They should have left it buried . None of this would have happened . - Do you believe the bones are cursed ? - Might as well be . Did you know Craig Horning ? Yeah . I 've been helping Craig sort and catalog the Ecuadorian artifacts . I 'm a Ph.D. candidate at B.U. - Did he have any warning that this could happen ? - Craig ? No . He was so dedicated . He was just doing the work that Dr. Lewton asked him to . He had no political feelings about the piece being brought here ? - No , not Craig . - Are you aware that a letter of protest ... was sent to the state department concerning this urn ? I 'm aware of several letters of protest . - This one was written by a man named Alonso Bilac . - Dr. Bilac . He was the liaison with the Secona Indians . - Is he still with the project ? - No , he either resigned ... or was forced out by Dr. Lewton , depending on who you talk to . Why is that ? Dr. Bilac feels the Secona have the right to determine the fate of their ancestral remains . Do you know where we might find him ? [ Knocking ] - Dr. Bilac ? - Yes . We 're with the F.B.I. We 're investigating the disappearance of an associate of yours- - Craig Horning . - Yes . - May we ask you some questions ? Come in then . Dr. Bilac , you were part of the expedition that brought back the Amaru Urn . - Who told you that ? - Mona Wustner . I objected from the beginning . But you were Dr. Roosevelt 's liaison in Ecuador . At what point did you part company with him on the taking of artifacts ? When I felt like he had gone too far against the wishes of the Secona . Did you express that to him ? Yes . He wouldn 't listen . Were you speaking for yourself or for the Indians ? I spent the last six months ... living with the Secona , learning from them . Coming to understand the nature ... and the depth of their culture . Well , apparently they 've learned something from you too . Yes , I 've been teaching them the joys of American bureaucracy . Dr. Lewton believes that the protests over the Amaru Urn ... has something to do with Craig Horning 's disappearance . You say " disappearance " as if you expect to see him alive again . What do you think happened to him ? You don 't want to know what I think . Yes , we would like to know . We 'd be very interested in what you think . I think whatever happened to Craig Horning will continue to happen , until the bones are returned to their rightful place . Let me ask you , Dr. Bilac . How far would you go to defend the rights of the Seconas ? Farther than writing a letter to the state department ? If you think I did this , then you 're a fool . - Can you account for your whereabouts last night ? - I was here . - Alone ? - Yes . Your investigation is a waste of time . That 's something I can assure you of . It 's nice to meet people who really believe in something , isn 't it ? You mean the kind who would kill for their cause ? - You think Bilac 's a suspect ? - No . I think he 's the suspect . - Based on what ? - Based on the arrogance of his politics , on his rift with Dr. Lewton , on his sympathies towards the Indians ... and the lack of any other suspects . - He did look a little squirrelly . - Maybe because he was up late murdering Craig Horning . Let me remind you we don 't have a body and not much more forensic detail than blood . Craig Horning 's blood . What do you think he did with him ? - I 'm not sure he did anything . - So you think Bilac 's innocent ? That the victim wasn 't murdered at all , that he was devoured by a mythological jaguar spirit ? Go with it , Scully . Why did you lie to them ? You 're only drawing suspicion to yourself by lying , Lonnie . You should have told them the truth . I 'm worried about you . Let me come over . Why ? Why not ? Dr. Lewton 's here . I gotta go . I 'll call you later . I thought you had already left . I 've , uh- - I really need to keep working right now . I 'd feel better if you weren 't alone here . Well , the guard knows I 'm here . Was that Dr. Bilac on the phone ? Yes . We have a responsibility , Mona , to history and posterity . Dr. Roosevelt was only doing what any good conservationist would have done ... in bringing the Amaru Urn back . Otherwise , it would certainly have been destroyed . I know . Now , when you get caught up in the politics , we lose sight of that . Mona , let me give you a little free advice . You have a bright future here . Be careful where you plant your fag . [ Door Closes ] - [ Door Squeaking ] - [ Gasps ] Oh , Sugar . - [ Engine Not Turning Over ] - [ Thud ] [ Screaming ] [ Screaming Continues ] - Label that . - As what ? Partial rat body part . - That 's it for now . - Excuse me . Can I have a word with you ? We 're done . You were working here last night when Dr. Lewton was killed . He stopped by my office on his way out . Did you notice anything out of the ordinary ? Was he behaving strange or did he seem nervous about anything ? No , not at all . Did he say anything to you about Dr. Bilac ? No , he didn 't . Do you have any idea when the two of them last spoke to each other ? I really don 't know . I 'm gonna give you my card . Call me if anything comes to mind . [ Scully ] Mulder ? - They turn up a body ? - No . They 've been over the entire museum grounds . Have you found anything at all out here ? If Dr. Lewton was brought through here , it 's going to be hard to determine . Looks like it rained pretty hard last night . Well , they determined that the hood release had been pulled . And they found a small flashlight near the car . It looks to me like he was checking the engine when he was attacked . - Maybe somebody didn 't want that car started . - I don 't think so , Mulder . - Why not ? - We found evidence of two mutilated rat bodies in the engine compartment . - Rats ? - Apparently , the museum 's always had a rat problem . They must 've crawled into the engine to keep warm . You know , Mulder , there 's hardly a thing about these deaths that adds up . What 's the estimate on the time of death ? Somewhere between 9 : 30 and midnight when the guard discovered the blood . It 's about the same time as Craig Horning . - What 's the connection ? - I don 't know . - I think Mona Wustner might know something . - Why ? Well , she seemed to get nervous when I asked her about Bilac . Maybe she 's trying to protect him . I think it 's starting to rain again . I don 't think so , Mulder . What the hell is that ? Lonnie ? Lonnie ? Don 't ! Lonnie ? I came to tell you . Dr. Lewton is dead . Did you hear what I said ? Say something , Lonnie , please . You 're scaring me . - I told you not to come here ! - Why not ? What 's happened to you ? Ever since you came back you 're acting like some stranger . Like someone else . The blood has to stop . You know something , don 't you ? You wouldn 't understand . Then help me to understand ! You- - You can tell me . You know that , don 't you ? What is that ? Vine of the soul . Yaje ? You 're drinking yaje ? You 're sick , Lonnie . You need help . Don 't you see what 's happening here ? - Can 't you see what you 're doing to yourself ? - Go . - Let me help you ! - I said get out ! Well , it 's human . Small intestine . There 's about four feet of jejunum and another foot of ileum . - Do we know for sure it 's Lewton ? - Yeah , by what he had for lunch . Corn Chowder . And it looks like he 'd been snacking on sunflower seeds all afternoon . - A man of taste . - What I can 't determine is how the body was eviscerated . There are no knife marks on the epithelium . I imagine that they could have been torn or pulled from the body cavity . - " Torn or pulled " ? - But I can 't determine that either ... because there was considerable postmortem predation . - By what ? - By the size of the bite marks , a small animal . Most probably a rat . - More rats . - Yep . [ Phone Ringing ] Scully . Slow down , Mona . I was with Dr. Bilac . He frightened me . I- - I thought he was gonna hurt me . - What happened , Mona ? - He 's sick . He doesn 't know what he 's doing . - Where is he now ? - At his house . I left him there and I came back to the museum , but ... I feel like someone 's here , like someone 's watching me . I want you to stay exactly where you are . I 'm gonna send Agent Mulder over to get you right away , okay ? He 's on his way . Okay . [ Growling ] What is it , Sugar ? [ Rumbling ] [ Growling ] [ Rumbling Continues ] [ Screaming ] Dr. Bilac ? - [ Gasps ] - What are you doing here ? Looking for Mona Wustner . I got a panicked call from her . - From Mona ? - Yeah . Where is she ? I 'll show you . [ Ringing ] - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . Did you find Mona ? No . But her car is parked outside . - She 's not here . Did you find Bilac ? - No , he 's not here either . But I found some of his journals . Listen to this . " I 've seen the Amaru coming out of the jungle ... with the eyes of a scorpion , the claws of a jaguar . She leaps down from the trees . She tears at my flesh , then holds my head in her hands and eats out my eyes . " - Is there a date of entry on that ? - These are all recent . Read me that part about the jaguar coming down from the trees again . - Why ? - Maybe that 's how the intestines got up there . Mulder , I think Bilac 's been tripping . I found something strange in a ceremonial bowl . And from his writings , it says it 's a hallucinogen called " yaje- - the vine of the soul . " What the hell 's that supposed to mean ? I think he 's been praying to the Amaru through some kind of a ceremony . - What does he want from her ? - It looks like he 's invoking the curse , Mulder . Scully , I 'm gonna have to call you back . - Did you find Mona ? - I hope not . [ Rumbling ] What are you doing here ? I said , what are you doing here ? She 's dead . Where is she ? I don 't know . You told Agent Mulder that she was dead . You must know where she is . I didn 't kill her . - Then why do you have blood on your clothes ? - I told you . I came here because the Amaru would not be appeased . I was afraid for Mona . I tried to keep her away from all this . She was an innocent . She said she was scared . She said that you became violent . She wouldn 't listen . Maybe you were too high to know the difference . There is no curse , is there , Dr. Bilac ? You are the curse . No . This is more powerful than any man . This is a spirit you 're dealing with . Thespirit of the Amaru . This is not something you can put in handcuffs . [ Door Opening ] I 'm gonna ask you one more time , Dr. Bilac . Where is Mona 's body ? I don 't know . This man stays in that room until there 's a full search of the museum , okay ? Yes , ma 'am . Hey , Scully . Come here for a second . It just dawned on me . Why do you think there 's so much water in here ? I just assumed that one of the toilets had overflowed . There 's water on every seat . It 's more like every toilet overflowed . Now why would that happen ? I guess there 's only one way to find out . I hate this . Rats . In every toilet . - How did they get in there ? - [ Decker ] Agent Mulder . - The police found something outside . - Mona Wustner ? No , Sugar , her dog . He 's dead . Finally , a body . What did you find ? Have to run a full toxicological to be sure , but it looks like war far in poisoning . - War far in ? - Rat poison . Someone fed this dog rat poison ? No . When I dissected the dog 's stomach ... I found an undigested fragment of intestine which appears to be feline . - The dog ate a cat . - I also found what appears to be bits of rat fur . But I think the rat ate the poison . - The cat ate a rat . - And the dog ate the cat . - More rats , Scully . - Yeah ? - Don 't you think that 's significant ? - Significant of what ? There were rats in Dr. Lewton 's car engine . There were rats in the bathroom where Mona Wustner may have been killed , and now here . It 's an old building , Mulder . They have a rat problem . A lot of old buildings have rats . No , I think it 's more than that . What is it that the Secona believe ? The jaguar spirit will devour anybody that desecrates the burial place of a holy woman ? Essentially , they 're talking about transmigration of the soul into animal form . - Achieved through a ceremony where they drink the- - - Yaje . - To summon the spirits . - So , what are we talking here , Mulder ? A possessed rat- - the return of Ben ? No , I think those rats were killed trying to escape from something . - Something that sent them diving into the toilet ? - No , the lids were down . They were trying to get out . They were coming from within the sewer lines . - Trying to get away from something . - Have you been drinking yaje ? Go with it , Scully . Agent Scully ? Bilac 's gone . What ? How 's that possible ? I don 't know . I went to check on him and he just wasn 't there . - Did you step away from this door at any time ? - No . - And no one entered this room ? - Absolutely not . - What about a rat ? - Sir ? - Did you ever see any rats in this room ? - All the time . Why ? - How do you think they get in here ? - Through the old heating system . There are vents all over the place . [ Scully ] Are there any other doors or windows in this room ? - [ Officer ] I checked . There 's only one way out . - You didn 't hear anything ? Nothing . I want you to search the entire building beginning with every room on this floor . - Yes , ma 'am . - Hey , Scully , take a look at this . - Where does that lead to ? - The old steam tunnel . - How do you get down there ? - They 're pretty much sealed up . Haven 't been used for 50 years . Do you think Bilac crawled down there ? Unless he was dragged . The system looks like it branches off into three directions . There must be miles of tunneling down there . - [ Mulder ] And only one way in . - And one way out . Ladies first ? Which way ? To the left , it looks like . - [ Banging ] - [ Gasps ] Follow that rat . We should be directly under the museum here . Scully ? - Scully ! - What is it ? [ Scully ] Oh , my God . It 's Dr. Lewton . Looks like his eyes were eaten right out of his sockets . We still don 't know by what . - What is it ? - I think it 's a cat . Do you think that cat killed these people ? No , these cats . - Which way is out ? - [ Cat Screeching ] Come on , Scully ! [ Cats Screeching ] No , Mulder . This way . There 's a room here with a vent . There . [ Screeches ] [ Gasps ] - It 's Bilac . - [ Banging ] Can you jump in there ? - Yeah . - Come on . [ Screeching ] [ Cats Screeching ] [ Siren Wailing ] He 's been down there too long . It 's all right . Come on up . Okay , I will call you back later . Well , the search team 's on their way back up . They 've recovered all the bodies , including Mona 's and Bilac 's . What about the cats ? No . Animal control is still looking . So far they haven 't found any sign of them . Well , we both saw them down there , Scully . We know they 're down there . No one 's denying that . It 's just that there are miles of tunnels down there ... and they 're saying it 's gonna take weeks to search them all . - Well , by then it won 't even matter . - What are you talking about ? I just got off the phone with the Assistant Secretary of State 's office . - They 've called in the Ecuadorian Ambassador . - What for ? Five people had to die , but they 're finally taking it seriously . - The curse ? - No . Bilac 's letter of protest . The state department has asked that the museum remain closed until they can act officially on it . Are they going to send back the bones ? The urn will be back in Ecuador by the end of the week . [ Mulder Narrating ] The Suffolk County Coroner ruled the death sat the museum ... were the result of animal attacks . What motivated these attacks and why no more have occurred since has not been explained . To the museum , the Amaru Urn was an artifact from a dying culture . Its curse merely a primitive superstition . Dr. Bilac learned there is a world beyond our own , unseen but powerful , and as real at the urn itself . The icons from that world represent forces that cannot be tamed ... or collected in a museum . The true curse that struck the museum was the failure to understand ... that there are powers that should not be disturbed- -
