 [ Man ] That many of you here tonight came home ... not to a hero 's welcome but to the hostility of the American people ... is shameful fact of history . One that I will never understand or forgive . But it also underscores our sacred duty- - not just today , but forever- - to honor those who served with honor ... and to remember those who fell : men and women whose ultimate sacrifice ... must never be forgotten . There is probably no audience ... that understands better that our freedom is not free . All right , you 're my eyes out there . Talk to me . Positions report . Sector three clear . No sign of him in four . Sector six , report . [ General ] It is our duty to remember them . [ Skinner ] Mulder ? - He 's here . I feel him . - Then where is he ? Hold on . I think I have him in section four . Can you confirm that , Scully ? [ General Continues , Indistinct ] Positive I.D. He 's heading toward you , three . Positions hold . Three and four , do you have eye contact ? I have him in three . He 's coming toward you , Scully . [ Mulder ] Don 't take your eyes off him , Scully . Mulder , he saw me . He 's heading toward the sound booth . Copy that . I 'm cutting him off . Talk to me , people . Does anybody have him ? This memorial is a place where we can thank those men and women - What 's happening , Scully ? [ Scully ] I 'm closing on him . - Do you have him in three ? - [ Man ] Negative . [ General ] I 'm always struck by something as I walk through- - [ Skinner ] Scully ? Scully ! I lost him . You got him , three ? [ Man ] I don 't see him , Scully . [ Skinner ] What 's happening , Agent Scully ? - I can 't see him anywhere . - He must be headed your way . - [ Scully ] You got him , Mulder ? - Not yet . I got him . I lost him . Pick him up , Mulder . He 's right in front of you . - He 's got a gun ! - General , get off the stage ! I can 't see him . I can 't see him ! [ Shouting ] Good morning , sir . All right ! Let 's go ! Who the hell are you ? - How did you get inhere ? - [ Gun Cocks ] - What the hell are you- - - [ Gunshot ] Lieutenant General ? Sir ? [ Skinner ] Lieutenant General Peter MacDougal was shot dead ... at extreme close range at0600 this morning . FBI Forensics reports the wound was not self-inflicted . The murder weapon has not been recovered . The general 's driver , Private First Class Gus Burkholder , is currently being held on suspicion of murder . It says here N.A.A. tests confirm the private did not do the shooting . There is suspicion of an accomplice , based on the one piece of evidence found at the crime scene , a so-called death card used by soldiers in Vietnam to mark their kills ... and by Private Burkholder 's possible ties to a radical paramilitary group ... called the Right Hand , whose stated aim is violent revolution . After speaking with General Bloch , he believes we have a high probability of opportunity for a group like this , a unique situation that could result in the very public loss of lives . Dozens of high-ranking military officials are in Washington today ... for a rededication of the Vietnam Veterans War Memorial . Unless we can determine a clear motive , we will consider any one of them to be a target . What if Private Burkholder is telling the truth , that he 's innocent ? Until we can find another suspect , the FBI will pursue the Right Hand ... and their leader , an ex-Marine named Denny Markham , in a preemptive strategy to put a stop to any other plans they may have made . You all have Markham 's file in front of you . For obvious reasons , our strategy includes keeping this from the media . You 'll be working in teams of two . If you encounter any resistance , do not engage . Surveil and call for backup . Agent Chandler has your assignments and field warrants . We have less than 1 2 hours to prevent ... any further execution or loss of life , understood ? All right , Beckwith and Fontana , you 're going to Virginia Beach . Jackson and Miller , you 're going to Alexandria . Was that for the benefit of the general , or have you been able ... to develop a real strategy ? Right now I 'm flyin by the seat of my pants . You mean there 's no procedure outlined for an invisible assassin ? Did you talk to Private Burkholder ? I interviewed him and convinced him to take a polygraph test . - And ? - He passed . The nature of his claims would suggest a false positive . The tester admitted that the results are highly interpretive . You heard his story ? I found his story compelling , personally , but then again , I believed the Warren Commission . If I have to devise a strategy around that story , then there is no strategy . Somebody killed the general , which means somebody isn 't telling the truth . The man who heads the Right Hand , Markham ? Do you have a warrant for him ? - Yes , why ? - Let Mulder and I serve it . One misstep and Markham smells a shakedown . He 's going to disappear , or find another way to push the button . And I 've already seen more dead soldiers than I ever want to see . [ Door Opens ] [ Buzzes ] Mr. Markham ? - [ Man On intercom ] Who is it ? - Agents Mulder and Scully with the FBI . - What do you want ? - It 's extremely urgent that we talk to you now , sir . - Mr. Markham ? - [ Man On intercom ] Gate 's unlocked . [ Barking ] Now , you wanted to see me about- - The murder of General Peter MacDougal . - Am I under suspicion ? - No , but your group is , and Private First Class Burkholder . Is that a name I should know ? He 's on the mailing list for the Right Hand . Two thousand names on that list . I can 't keep track of every one of 'em . I would like to go over that list with you , sir . No way in hell you 'll be getting that from me . We already have a copy , if you 'll just come with us . - I 'm not going anywhere . - Sir , we have a warrant for your arrest ... if you don 't cooperate . Under the new antiterrorism law , we can and will hold you until we get the information . [ Growling , Barking ] - [ Sighs ] - There goes the neighborhood . You can make this as easy or as hard as you wish , sir . The Right Hand believes in empowering the individual ... over a corrupt and corrupting federal government . We 're prepared for the time when armed resistance will be necessary . Lives will have to be sacrificed , but that day has not yet come . Would you take a polygraph , Mr. Markham ? My word 's good enough . What 's your " word " on this ? Where 'd that come from ? I 'd like to ask you that . More men are gonna die . [ Barking ] This guy 's a one-man threat to national security . I bet he 's got more weapons and ammo than most third-world armies . - He told me to pull this photo from his file cabinet . - Who 's this ? He says that 's who killed General MacDougal . Name 's Nathaniel Teager , 26 confirmed solo enemy kills . A veritable killing machine . Left for dead by the same government that created him . Left for dead ? He belonged to Green Beret Detachment B-1 1 , the squad known as the Bloody Sabers . In 1 971 , the B-1 1 was being transported in-country ... when their chopper was shot down . No survivors . - When was this photo taken ? - December , 1 995 , just a few hours after the Right Hand liberated him ... from a P.O.W. camp just outside the U Minh Forest . I 'm sure you 're aware in 1 973 the Defense Department ... determined there were no more P.O.W. ' s in Vietnam . Maybe that 's why they tried to kidnap Sergeant Teager ... when we brought him home . The government kidnapped a U.S. prisoner of war ? I said they tried . Had their commandos board our plane in San Diego . When they broke into the cargo hold where we hid him , he was already gone . I never did figure out how . I think I 've heard enough . You don 't believe him , do you ? But what if he 's telling the truth ? A phantom P.O.W. left for dead comes back to avenge the injustices ? - Maybe the war ain 't over . - Maybe not Denny Markham 's war . Given the facts of the case , and Private Burkholder 's polygraph test , it 's the closest thing to an explanation that we 've got . Or it 's just a clever story being proffered as a cover-up ... for what is actually an elaborately orchestrated conspiracy . There is that possibility too . Let Markham take the polygraph . - And what if he passes ? - He won 't . [ Man ] Mrs. Davenport ? - Renee Davenport ? - Yes ? Wife of Lance Corporal Gary Davenport of the Special Forces ? Yes . I 'm sorry . Do I know you ? No , ma 'am . I 've come to act on his behalf ... for the reason that Gary remains a prisoner of war . Gary 's dead . No , ma 'am . May you forgive me as you forgive him , as a man and a soldier , for restoring the honor and memory of the B-1 1 . Oh , my God . Where did you get these ? Who gave you these ? Hey , where are you ? Oh , my God . Where are you ? Where 'd you go ? Give me the next one . Is it true she made a positive I.D. from the photo ? [ Skinner ] From a bad fax of it . Do you have the photo with you ? Yeah , and more copies to distribute . We have event security checking out all vendors and workmen . We 've got it out to local law enforcement , but not to the exclusion of the other suspects . I thought she I.D. ' d Teager . She did , but I cannot authorize a strategy that 's gonna target ... a soldier who 's officially dead . Because his name is on a wall ? No , because I just got off the phone with the army forensics lab ... where Sergeant Nathaniel Teager 's remains have been stored ... since they were recovered from the crash site . They have his remains ? Markham may have staged this whole thing , finding somebody vulnerable like her to pass off his lies . - Why go to all that trouble ? - To create a decoy ? To divert our attention ? Which seems to be working . This woman saw someone . I want to know who . Yes , that 's him . You 're sure ? Everything he said made it sound like Gary was still alive . But that can 't be true , can it ? You say he just disappeared ? That 's what 's so strange . One minute he 's standing right in front of me , and then he 's gone . What if he was telling the truth ? What if Gary is alive ? I 've tried to get on with my life . I 've remarried . What am I supposed to tell my husband now ? What am I supposed to do ? Oh , your eye . What ? Oh , my God . What 's happening to me ? I think you just burst a capillary . - Oh , my God . - Scully ? Hold a tissue there . Can we get Mrs. Davenport an eye exam ? An eye exam ? For what ? By all accounts , the man we 're looking for , the man she saw , has a knack for vanishing in plain sight . Maybe there 's a connection . She has a simple subconjunctival hemorrhage , probably brought on by her emotional state . And how did she reach that emotional state ? What about you ? What are you gonna do ? I 'm gonna see if we 're really chasing a dead man . - Agent Mulder ? - Yes . Dr. Benjamin Keyser . I think I located what you 're looking for . It 's a small miracle I found it , actually . The record had been partially destroyed . Two bicuspids and a molar . This is all that was left of Teager at the crash site ? I 've seen findings made with far less . These are Sergeant Teager 's teeth . I cross-checked them with his dental records . Is there anyway to tell how the teeth were extracted ? I would assume they were pulled . On each of these teeth , there 's a pronounced scoring in the enamel . Here . See for yourself . Can you tell if that was pre - or postmortem ? No , not really . Then this is presumptive , isn 't it ? A finding of death based on inconclusive evidence . It was noted here , even underlined . " Inconclusive . " Whoever signed off on this death chose to ignore the facts . I couldn 't tell you who that was . These records were partially destroyed . Is there any other way to tell ? Based on the records and the reports filed at the same time , we could make a pretty good guess . - [ phone Ringing ] - Yes ? Yes , just a moment . It 's for you , sir . Hello ? General Steffan , this is Special Agent Fox Mulder with the FBI . I 'm calling because we have reason to believe your life may be in danger . What are you talking about ? The person or persons responsible for the murder of General MacDougal ... this morning may have chosen to target you . Based on what information ? Based on a death certificate you may have put your signature on , the death certificate for Sergeant Nathaniel Teager . I don 't know anything about that , but I 'm on my way to the Pentagon now . I 'm ten minutes away . I 'm gonna have to ask you to trust my risk assessment on this , and take every caution . Right . Do you know your driver , sir ? Yes , he drives me all the time . Good . I 'm going to put two FBI agents there to escort you , as a precaution . They have my mobile phone number , okay ? [ Beeps ] How many of you know what a pentagon is ? No ? A pentagon is a shape with five sides . And the pentagon is just that . We 're standing right now in section ' A. " Built in 1 941 through an act of Congress , the pentagon is virtually a city in itself . - General , sir . - Good afternoon . Thanks . [ Alarm Buzzes ] All clear , General . Thank you , gentlemen . That will be all . [ Door Closes ] [ Beeps ] Mulder . I 'm at the Georgetown medical center . Did you find out what caused her eye to hemorrhage ? No , but the ophthalmologist discovered something called a transient scotoma . - Scotoma ? - A floating blind spot . What would cause that ? Any number of diseases can scar the retina . Diabetes , glaucoma , macular degeneration . In turn they create a visual field deficit . [ Alarm Buzzes ] - Does she have any of those diseases ? - It doesn 't appear so . Don 't you think it 's odd she 'd have a blind spot she wouldn 't have noticed ? Thanks . Not necessarily . The processes of the brain fill in , and the visual cortex compensates conceptually . That might account for Teager 's vanishing . I asked the doctor that and he laughed at me . - [ Beeps ] - Hold on , Scully . - [ Beeps ] - It 's Mulder . Agent Mulder , this is General Steffan . I found something on my desk , something very troubling . - Where are you ? - In my office . The agents I assigned to you . Are they with you ? No , no , they 're just outside . I want you to call them into your office now , General . Who put this here ? Listen carefully . I 'm on my way there . - [ Gunshot ] - General Steffan ? General Steffan ? Call an ambulance . [ Chattering ] [ Chattering ] The general 's secretary had been in here organizing his desk ... no more than 1 5 minutes before the general was shot . He never saw this card , and he never saw anyone go in and out of the office ... aside from the general and the agents assigned to him . From my cursory exam , nothing about the general can explain your narrative . I was on the phone with the man . He was shot at close range in the forehead . He would have seen the shooter . Not necessarily . He could have turned and been surprised . There 's far too little forensic evidence yet to know . No scotoma ? That 's beyond my capabilities here to make that kind of analysis . It 's beyond all our capabilities , but somebody 's got to explain ... how a four-star general could be shot and killed in what is symbolically ... the best-guarded military base in the country . - Sir ? - I need both of you out here to see something ... now . That 's him . That 's Teager . Whoever it is , I want to know how the hell this happened . Neither of us has a clear explanation , sir . You were on your way here . You knew the general was in danger . I did everything I could . I put two agents with him . - This is insanity . This man is killing at will . - That 's correct , sir . - He 's unstoppable ? - I think Teager has an ability- - the ability to effectively erase himself from the visual field . If he 's invisible , then why is he on this video clear as day ? I think that he can hide himself from human sight ... by manipulating something Scully has referred to ... as naturally occurring , a blind spot . That is conjecture , sir . - Even when looking at him ? - You might not be able to see him . Isn 't it true U.S. soldiers reported ... the unexplained appearance and disappearance of V.C. guerrillas ? I 've read the dispatches myself . Maybe Teager learned something from his captors in 25 years of isolation . We 've got four miles of crowded streets where 31 military officers ... are staging for a parade into Freedom Square . If what you 're saying has any truth to it , I can 't protect these men . - Call it off . - Parade or no parade , those men are vulnerable . - The only way to stop this killer is to catch him . - How ? By finding his next victim before he does . I am Major General Benjamin Bloch . He did it again , didn 't he ? I told them he would . According to the FBI , you know the man they 're looking for . Maybe you can tell me why they can 't seem to find him . The same reason you can 't , which I imagine is the same reason you 're here right now . I am here because people are dying- - soldiers who dedicated their lives to the defense of this country . I guess that 's one way of looking ' at it . As it stands , you are facing charges of conspiracy ... to commit homicide and treason . But if both those fall through , there is still enough evidence to convict you ... for possession and transport of illegal arms . Are you threatening me ? No , I am offering you a deal ... for you and the people you represent . If you think I 've got any sway with Teager , you 're mistaken . I just need to know what he wants . You know what he wants , and we both know you can 't give it to him , not without dragging that nice , clean uniform of yours through the mud . not without dragging that nice , clean uniform of yours through the mud . Whatever you do to me won 't change his mind , General . He 's sending a message ... and makin ' damn sure everyone hears it loud and clear . Band ! Band ! Time ! [ Chattering ] Driver , prepare to move them out . Yes , sir ! [ Man ] I 'm after you . All right , move them out . You told me you were in a rush . Cross town traffic 's all snarled up because of the parade . You need information on American prisoners of war . - A man named Teager . - I have no information on him . - Then why did you come here ? - Tell me what you know . A P.O.W. named Teager may be back home carrying out death sentences ... against the men that left him in Vietnam . - Who are those men ? - Generals . - Steffan and MacDougal . - They have a connection . What is that ? A recent news story extremely embarrassing to the U.S. military ... about the disposing of South Vietnamese soldiers . Men employed by our government as spies and commandoes ... and then left behind enemy lines to certain capture and death . The operation was disavowed , and their lives were erased from the records . By a secret three-man commission who may now be facing charges , whose testimonies might be used in the calculation of reparations . Are you saying that our government wants these officers dead ? Why would they ask us to protect them ? Because they know you can 't . Well , who 's the third man ? I need a name . - [ Scully ] General Bloch ! - General , sir ! Stop the car ! What 's going on here ? We need you to get out of the car , sir , for your own safety . - Why ? - We received information your life might be in danger . From who ? Shooter ! Get down ! - Where ? Where is he ? - He was there . I saw him . I- - It was him , sir . It was the man in the photo . Are you sure ? I saw him , sir . It was him . Are you sure ? Hut ! Mount ! Call when you find out . Scully . I heard what happened . They told me you saved General Bloch 's life . He 's doing all right . He 's over there . They told me you saw somebody on the parade route ? I 'm not really sure . You saw him , didn 't you ? You saw Teager . I told you I 'm not sure . But you drew your gun . You must have been a little more convinced than that . How are you so convinced that General Bloch was his next target ? I found out about General Bloch from the same person ... who told me we were never meant to save Bloch 's life , or the other generals . - What are you talking about ? - This case . Why do you think it was dumped in your lap , unless heading up an antiterrorism detail ... is all of a sudden part of your job ? - That doesn 't prove he was set up . - They knew about Teager . They 've known that he 'd be unstoppable from the beginning . They wanted Skinner to fail ? And us . Given the nature of the case , they knew you 'd bring us in . The government is not about to sacrifice ... the lives of ranking military officers just to discredit us . Discrediting us , in this case , in only secondary . Secondary to what ? To maintaining their secret policy of denial about P.O.W. ' s , which required silencing the men who made that policy . Markham 's story is having its intended effect . You 're buying into the lie . Markham may be the only man in this case who 's telling the truth . If you don 't believe me , ask General Bloch . Ask me what ? I can 't wait here any longer . I 'm delivering the keynote address in five minutes . You might want to reconsider . He won 't reconsider . Not going out would be an admission of guilt . We still have reason to believe your life is in danger . It 's your job to protect me still , isn 't it ? - That 's what we 're trying to do . - Then do your job . General ! All right , people , listen up , because we don 't have much time . You all know your responsibilities . You have your sectors and assignments . [ Woman ] It gives me great pleasure to introduce a very special man . Wounded and decorated for gallantry in Vietnam , he had an idea , - Teager ? - a vision ... to create a national memorial ... Hey , man , is that you ? for all Americans who gave their lives in the Vietnam war . Where ya goin ' ? - Ladies and gentlemen , it is with great pride ... - Hey ! - Where ya goin ' ? - that I give you the founder ... of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund , Mr. Jan Scruggs . - Teager ? - [ Scruggs ] Welcome , ladies and gentlemen . We are here to rededicate ... this memorial on this important day . We especially remember those who cannot share this day with us , - the soldiers , the airmen , the sailors . - Hey , Teager ! It 's me , Leo Danzinger . I saw you , man . Where are ya ? Behind ya . I- - I thought you were dead . That 's what they told us . 'Cause that 's what they wanted you to believe . - I don 't understand . - You will ... after tonight . What are you talkin ' about ? I waited for them , Leo . I waited for them to come . But they never came . - Maybe they didn 't know . - They knew . They just figured letting me die off was easier than admitting the truth . It 's all over , Teager . It 's been over for a long time now . Not for me , not for the others . You 're tellin ' me there 's more ? [ paper Rustles ] What are you doin ' , man ? Where are ya ? Where are ya ? [ Man ] It is a distinct honor to present to you now ... another great American and a brother in arms . Major General Benjamin Bloch . [ Crowd Cheering ] Admiral Leitch , Senator Baine , fellow Americans ... and especially the veterans . There is probably no audience that understands better ... that our freedom is not free . All right , you 're my eyes out there . Talk to me . Positions report . We owe that freedom to the selfless sacrifice ... Sector three clear . - to those whose names are on this wall . - No sign of him in four . And for that , it is our duty to remember them . Hold on . I think I have him in section four . Can you confirm that , Scully ? [ Bloch ] Their sweat , their long hours , their blood . Positive I.D. He 's heading toward you , three . Positions hold . Three and four , do you have eye contact ? I have him in three . He 's coming toward you , Scully . [ Mulder ] Don 't take your eyes off him , Scully . [ Bloch ] Not for themselves , but for their country . Mulder , he saw me . He 's heading toward the sound booth . Copy that . I 'm cutting him off . Talk to me , people . Does anybody have him ? ... when they were in Vietnam . This memorial ... What 's happening , Scully ? is a place where we can come and thank those- - [ Scully ] I 'm closing on him . - Do you have him in three ? - [ Man ] Negative . [ Skinner ] Scully ? - Scully ! - I lost him . You got him , three ? [ Man ] I don 't see him , Scully . [ Skinner ] What 's happening , Agent Scully ? - I can 't see him anywhere . - He must be headed your way . - [ Scully ] You got him , Mulder ? - Not yet . I got him . I lost him . Pick him up , Mulder . He 's right in front of you . - He 's got a gun ! - General , get off the stage ! [ Woman ] What 's going on ? - [ Mulder ] Can 't see him . - Mulder ! - Mulder- - - I saw him out of the corner of my eye . He 's gone . He 's gone . [ Man ] There 's no cause for alarm , ladies and gentlemen . Just a minor disturbance . Let 's try and keep some order . - Where 's General Bloch ? - He 's with Skinner . - We gotta stop ' em . - What 's going on here ? I think he can only hide himself in somebody 's direct line of sight . - When looking directly at him ? - That 's why he killed ... MacDougal and Steffan at close quarters . MacDougal in his car and Steffan in his office . Get away from the car . He 's in the car . Teager 's in the car . Get down ! [ Gunshots ] Come out with both your hands in the air ! [ Mulder ] It 's over , Teager . Come on out . [ Engine Starts ] Get an ambulance over here ! Ow ! Teager , Nathaniel Jr . Sergeant , Green Beret DetachmentB-1 1 . Servicenumber82278 . Date of birth , March 7 , 1 952 . Teager , Nathaniel Jr . Sergeant , Green Beret Detachment B-1 1 . Service number 82278 . Teager , Nathaniel Jr . March 7 , 1952 . Teager- - The Pentagon is claiming that the man who was killed was a Thomas Lynch . He 's a vet who 's been in and out ... of V.A. psychiatric hospitals for the last 1 5 years . And a sometime member of the Right Hand . His name was on Denny Markham 's mailing list . - Markham made a positive I.D. - They must have gotten to him . Army Forensics claims to have multiple confirmation . You heard him ! We both did . It 's happening all over again . They 're covering the lies with more lies , trying to make him invisible . We 've got to subpoena Markham and General Bloch , and we 've got to petition the State Department to release Teager 's body . - I can 't do that . - Why not ? This investigation has been turned over to C.I.D. - It 's no longer our jurisdiction . - Don 't let them do this . - Let it go . You did your job . - So did Nathaniel Teager . You found the man you were looking for , but now he 's dead . It 's over . Is that what you believe ? Is that what you really believe ? They 're not just denying this man 's life . They 're denying his death . And with all due respect , sir , he could be you . Subrip by dreamer ( C )
