 [ Man Speaking in Hebrew ] [ All Praying in Hebrew ] - Amen . - [ Continues praying in Hebrew ] Amen . Amen . Get the tape . Get it . It 's in the back . Come on ! It 's all right . You don 't have to do this . No , I want to . Why are you doing this ? [ Thunderclap ] Come . [ Thunder Rumbling ] [ Thunderclap ] [ Thunderclap ] [ Scully ] His name was Isaac Luria . He lived in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn . Home to a sect of Hasidic Jews who 've lived there since the late 1 9th century . It 's an area also known for its history of racial tension and hate crimes- - - Yankel Rosenbaum , Tawana Brawley- - - And now Isaac Luria . He was murdered two days ago in the market that he owned . Severely beaten and shot five times at point-blank range . Police ruled out robbery ' cause the only thing missing was this videotape ... from the surveillance camera . - Police found it early this morning . - Where ? In the V.C.R. of a 1 6 year old named Tony Oliver . - [ Turns On TV ] - That 's him on the upper right . Has he been arrested ? No , because he 's dead . Apparently he 'd been watching this tape when he was strangled to death . - Very Old Testament . - Yeah , but with a new twist . The Brooklyn homicide detectives contacted the F.B.I. ' s civil rights branch ... with an interesting set of fingerprints that they pulled off of the boy 's body . - Interesting how ? - Interesting in that they belonged to Isaac Luria . Risen from the grave to avenge his own death ? Some people might assume that . It 's probably what someone would like us to think . - But you have your own idea . - I think this is a crime of hatred , like the crime that spawned it . A hatred that goes back 4,000years . But masquerading as something else here ... and a callow attempt at murderous retribution ... disguised as spectral justice . - A resurrection hoax ? - And not a very good one . Spectral figures are not often known to leave fingerprints . Casper never did . Somehow the killer got a hold of Isaac Luria 's fingerprints . And we have been asked to prove how . [ Knocking ] Excuse me , sir . We 're with the F.B.I. We 'd like to speak with Ariel Luria . - Is she home ? - I 'm Ariel 's father , Jacob Weiss . Why are you bothering her again ? She 's already spoken with the police . [ Woman ] It 's all right . Let them in . Please , come in . Thank you . We can talk in the study . This is why you are here ? This is what you come to ask in this house of mourning ? - What is this ? - We would like your permission to reopen Isaac 's grave . No ! The answer 's no ! [ Ariel ] Why does this have to be done ? We 're looking for evidence in the murder of this man . His name is Tony Oliver . He is one of three suspects in the murder of your husband . We believe it was an act of retaliation and the other two suspects are targets . - He 's just a boy . - He 's an animal . A monster , just like the others who killed Isaac- - whose grave you 're asking us to desecrate so you can now protect them . - Tata , please . - But where were you when Isaac needed your protection ? When we called the police , they said that we were paranoid . That there was nothing to worry about . They always say that when someone threatens the Jews . So there was a specific threat of violence ? The threat is always there . Just this morning ... this is what I found under our door . And now you 've come here not to help us , but to ask our help so you can impose your justice ... on the only man who 's taken justice into his own hands . We would be happy not to disturb the grave site if you could tell us who that man is . Even if I knew , why would I tell you ? Because this is a homicide investigation , sir , and you are required by law to assist us . I know all about your laws . Sir , I 'm afraid that even without your consent , we can get a court order to exhume Isaac 's grave . Do what you feel is necessary . But leave us alone . Let us mourn in peace . I have a feeling he knows who killed Tony Oliver , Mulder . I think he doesn 't want us disturbing Luria 's grave because he knows what we 'll find . Maybe . But it 's hard to fault his attitude when you see something like that . And anybody delivering justice to a people who have known that kind of persecution and hatred , - why wouldn 't they protect them ? - Justice or revenge ? I 'm not saying those kids don 't warrant full prosecution under the law , but the hate mongering goes both ways . But the right to free expression doesn 't extend to murder . I bet whoever published that knows the boys who killed Isaac Luria ... and probably has a good idea who killed Tony Oliver too . Sure I knew him . The man owned the store right across the street . - But I 'd be lying if I said I was surprised it happened . - Why is that ? Well , you know how they are . They 're always trying to find ways to make money off of honest folk who work for a living . Can you think of anyone who might have held a grudge ? - I can 't think of anyone who didn 't . - Did you ? Why ? I 'm not under any kind of suspicion , am I ? No , not directly , but these young men are . We have reason to believe you know them . Their names are Derek Banks and Clinton MacGuire . I 'm sorry . I 'm not familiar with them . Well , are you familiar with this ? We think those kids are familiar with it . Enough to incite them to the murder of Isaac Luria . - You work for them too , don 't you ? - Who ? You know who . You look like you might be one yourself . We work for the F.B.I. , sir . Who 's the F.B.I. work for ? That 's right . You call me paranoid , ' cause that 's exactly what they want you to do . But there is one thing you can 't call me and that is a Zionist collaborator . You take along look at these photos . It may be your last chance to save their lives . One of their accomplices , a young man named Tony Oliver , was found murdered this morning . - Why are you telling me this ? - You haven 't heard the rumors ? - What rumors ? - That Luria is back from the dead . That he 's risen from his grave . What kind of Jew trick is this ? A Jew pulled it off 2,000 years ago . We 're just relating the evidence , sir . You can draw your own conclusions . But I know you wouldn 't want to be responsible for ... endangering these young men 's lives . Bless you . Derek ? Are you sure about this ? I heard them , man . I 'm not waiting around to find out if it 's true . - [ Grunts ] Damn ! - What 's wrong ? - It 's nailed shut . - There 's some tools in the trunk . - [ Gasping ] - [ Grunting ] I got it open , man ! Get down here . Hey , Clinton . Check it out . Clinton . Hey , Clinton . Check it out . Clinton ? You trying to mess with me ? [ Gasping ] Oh , man . The ligature marks on the victim 's neck are consistent with our vigilante 's M.O. Forensics come up with anything ? Yeah , a second set of footprints , but the mud was too soft to take a mold . - My guess is Clinton was here with Derek Banks . - Looking for what ? Maybe they came to desecrate the corpse as retribution for Tony Oliver 's death . That seems pretty redundant , doesn 't it ? Messing up somebody you 've already killed ? - I think they came here because they were afraid . - Afraid ? Afraid that the man they hated enough to kill wasn 't really dead . Look . There goes your theory of how Luria 's fingerprints found their way onto the victim 's body . What does that look like to you ? Well , the body wasn 't embalmed , as according to custom . Maybe it 's postmortem lividity or some kind of tattooing . It 's hard to tell at this stage of decomposition . What 's this ? A little bedtime reading ? - [ Derek ] You owe me for two weeks . - Where have you been ? Is it true ? You and your friends killed the Jew ? - Just give me my money . - What the hell were you thinking ? I never told you to kill anyone . I never said to do that . No ? What did you expect me to do ? Hide back here like you , licking envelopes in the dark , calling them names ? - We 're working to spread the truth . - The truth ? Man , you 're as pathetic as they are . What ? I am exposing their lies . Man , those are just words . You think they killed my friends with words ? That 's right . Clinton 's dead too . Now I 'd like my money . It 's called the Sefer Yezirah , the Book of Creation . The earliest known Hebrew text on man 's mystical communion with the Divine . - Is it ever buried with the dead ? - No . In observance with Jewish belief that with death comes equality , the corpse is buried only in its shroud . No personal symbols of class or worldly position are allowed . Has it ever been known to spontaneously combust ? Uh , no . No , it hasn 't . It 's a book on mysticism , not mysticism itself . Is it printed on any special paper or with any special ink ? No , it 's just a book . Leather and paper . Now , I suspect somebody might be trying to play a trick on you . There is possibility that moisture may have leeched into the coffin , into the binding and the pages of the book . If the ground water was contaminated , arsenic or arsine gas could have created a combustible mixture . Is there anything that distinguishes this particular Sefer Yezirah from other books ? Yes , but it 's barely legible because of the burning . It 's a name engraved in the leather , or stamped into the leather . - A name ? - Yes , a Hebrew name . Weiss . Jacob Weiss . Jacob Weiss . - Why do you want to see him ? - There 's been another murder . Another suspect in your husband 's death has been found dead last night . - Where was this ? - It was next to your husband 's grave . How does this concern my father ? Yesterday he expressed some strong feelings towards this latest victim . He was angry . They were just angry words . And we found evidence placing him at the crime scene . This is escalating into something else , Ariel . Something that has to stop . My marriage to Isaac , you have to understand how much it would have meant to my father . What do you mean , " would have meant " ? We got our marriage license a few weeks ago , but the wedding wasn 't until today . I 'm sorry . I 'd like to show you something . It was a communal wedding ring made in Kolin , a village near Prague . My father was an apprentice to the man who designed it . - It 's beautiful . - Mm-hmm . Everywoman who got married in the synagogue wore this ring as a symbol that ... she was a queen , her husband a king , and the home they made a castle , not only on their wedding day , but for the rest of their lives together . But most of those lives ended in one day in thespringof1943 . Nine thousand Jews were massacred after digging their own graves . But your father survived . Because he was ten years old , and he was a jeweler 's apprentice . He had small fingers to make bullets at a munitions factory . And through all this he hid the ring ? Even after the war , he hid it . Even from my mother . Why ? Because to him it was a dead relic from a forgotten place , until the day that I told him I was getting married . And for the first time in 50 years , he took out this ring . He said he felt his village was born again . He knew how much I loved Isaac . Ariel , tell us where your father is . I know my father . He would never kill anyone . What if you 're wrong ? # # # # [ Man Chanting in Hebrew ] # # # # [ Congregation Chanting Along ] Do you see him ? - I 'm sorry . We don 't mean any disrespect . - Who are you ? We 're with the F.B.I. We 're looking for Jacob Weiss . Why ? Mulder . Don 't move ! Federal agent ! - You okay , Mulder ? - Yeah . Put your hands in the air where I can see them . And turn around slowly . We got him , Scully . Mr. Weiss , we 're placing you under arrest . [ Locking Handcuffs ] Come on . Let 's go . Where is he ? Where 's my father ? We 've arrested him , Ariel , under suspicion of murder . I don 't believe you . It can 't be him . Did he- - Did he tell you he killed this person ? I think that 's the direction it 's going . Agent Mulder 's in there with him now . - I need to see him . - Ariel , I suggest that you get him an attorney . He 's refusing legal representation . I need to see him . [ Sighs ] Okay . You can ask Detective Bartley down the hall . He 'll give you a place to wait until your father 's been processed . Ariel . I 'm sorry . Why 'd you kill him , Jacob ? Our synagogue has been vandalized 1 3 times in the last year . I heard a noise in the attic . I went up to see what it was , and he attacked me . It was self-defense . - Hanging a man in self-defense ? - Is it any worse than what they did to Isaac ? Is it any better ? They found your book , your Sefer Yezirah in Isaac Luria 's grave . - So ? - That puts you at a second crime scene . - I 'm guilty . What more do you want from me ? - The truth . I have given you the truth . There was someone else in that attic with you . Who was it ? - There was no one else . - Then you 're a liar . And you know nothing about nothing . And I have no more to say about this . I would like to see my daughter . You wanna see the background check I ran on him ? He emigrated to Israel after World War Il where he joined the lrgun- - the Jewish military underground . He was arrested in 1959 by the British for a bombing that killed seven civilians . He was a terrorist , Mulder . A killer . He 's not our killer , though . What do you mean ? l- - He just gave a confession . I stood here and listened . I think there might have been a second person in that attic , Scully . Weiss knows it too . And he 's protecting whoever it is . - Well , who ? His daughter ? - It was somebody big enough and strong enough to knock me down . - Well , who do you think it was ? - [ Door Opens ] - You should stick around . This could be interesting . - Where are you going ? To see a man about a burning book . They say you confessed . - Why are you doing this ? - To protect you . - From what ? - I think you know . They found my book in Isaac 's grave . - It can 't be true . - No ? [ Door Closes ] - [ Door Closes ] - [ Shuts Off printing press ] [ Mulder ] There 's something you didn 't tell me ... about the contents of this Sefer Yezirah . - What is you want to know ? - I want to know about the myth of the golem . I told you , Mr. Mulder . This is a mystical text . These pages are filled with golems and dybbuks and demons of every size and shape . It 's the golem that I 'm interested in . I 'm interested in why an F.B.I. agent would be so interested in such a thing . That 's what I was hoping you could tell me . The early Kabbalists , they believed that a righteous man could actually ... create a living being from the earth itself . Fashioned from mud or clay . But this creature could only be brought to life by the power of the Word . In-In-In practical terms , by a direct application of certain secret letter combinations . Combinations found in that book ? Look , look . See ? See ? These pages . They 're basically instructions ... for animating the inanimate . You see , and this- - Yeah , and this passage here ... talks about inscribing a single word on the golem itself . - On the back of his hand ? - I 'm impressed . - What is the magic word ? - Emet . See , these three letters , " alef , men , tav , " creates the word emet . I don 't speak Hebrew . I don 't know what that means . Truth . Emet means " truth . " But you see , Mr. Mulder , therein lies the paradox . Because the danger of the truth is contained in the word " golem " itself , which means " matter without form , body without soul . " So the golem is an imperfect creation . A kind of monster , really . Unable to speak or feel anything ... but the most primitive emotions . In the legends , it runs amok ... and has to be destroyed by its creator . Destroyed how ? By erasing the first letter , " alef , " " emet " becomes " met , " which means " dead . " Again , Mr. Mulder , the power of letters . Not just to create , but to kill . - [ Cell phone Ringing ] - Yeah ? Mulder , it 's me . There 's been another homicide . - Who ? - Curt Brunjes . I 'm on my way to the print shop right now . Okay , I can be there in ten minutes . He was a man on a mission . Look at all the energy he spent spreading his hatred . He certainly wasn 't toiling in obscurity . This mailing list has hundreds of names , including our three murder victims . At least we know Jacob Weiss didn 't kill them . Yeah , I 'll call the precinct and have him released . [ Man ] Agent Scully ? The image is fuzzy , but I think we 've got a hit . - There . - Oh , my God . It 's Isaac Luria . He 's still alive . I 'm not so sure about that . No , thank you . That won 't be necessary . Well , the coroner matched Luria 's dental records . It was definitely his corpse that was in that grave . You know , Mulder , this videotape , it must have been altered somehow . Planted by whoever is staging this hoax . - It 's not a hoax , Scully . It never was . - But if Luria is dead , Mulder- - This is not Luria . Not really . Well , who do you think it is ? Do you think it 's some kind of a ghost ? No , a ghost is spirit without form . But I believe what we 're looking for and what we 're seeing here is form without spirit . - Something called a golem . - A golem ? Yeah , it 's- - it 's a kind of a manmade monster described in Jewish folklore . It 's fashioned from mud and then animated through mystical incantation . Mud ? Mulder , what are you talking about ? And for what purpose ? Exacting revenge ? I don 't think it was hate that created this golem , Scully . I think it was love . [ Knocking ] Ariel , it 's Agent Mulder . Open the door . It 's not locked . [ Scully ] Ariel ? - She 's not here , Scully . - How do you know ? 'Cause it 's her wedding day . Ariel ? I know you 're here . I know you can hear me . Ariel ? Leave us alone , Tata . You don 't belong here . - I 'm your father . - Please go . Not without you . I 'm not leaving without you . - I want to see him . - He 's dead . - Isaac is dead . - No . The boys that killed him , their hate took him from you , and you tried bringing him back with your love . But what you brought back- - You have to understand , Ariel , it isn 't him . It 's an abomination . It has no place among the living . He said he 'd call me back , Tata . We were talking on the phone ... about the wedding . Isaac said he had to go . That a customer needed him , and that he would call me back . But when I heard the phone ring later , something told me not to pick it up . A woman 's voice was on the line . I didn 't hear what she was saying . I didn 't have to . I knew Isaac wasn 't calling me back . I was just wanted to say good-bye , Tata . I know . I know . I didn 't think- - It was just a wish . They were just ... words . [ Floorboards Creak ] - Stay here . - I want to go with you . - No . No ! - Tata . [ Banging ] Wait , I got a knife . - His pulse is thready . - Will he be all right ? - If we get him to a hospital . - Call the paramedics . - Where are you going ? - To find Ariel . Ariel ? We found your father . He 's alive . He 's gonna be okay . I know about Isaac . Where is he ? I don 't know . - Okay . All right , come on . We 've got to get out of here . - No . - Come on , Ariel . Let 's go . - No . - We have to go . - No . Come on , Ariel . Come on . - [ Floorboards Creak ] - Isaac ? - Stop or I 'll fire ! - No ! No ! No ! Stop ! No . Isaac . [ Speaking in Hebrew ] I am to my beloved as my beloved is to me . I loved you . Mulder ? - Are you okay ? - I think so . I heard shots fired . What happened ? [ Ariel Speaking in Hebrew ] - What is she doing ? - Saying good-bye . [ Child ] I made this .
