 ( salsa-type music ) OK , OK . OK . ¿ Qué pasa aquí ? ¡ Santa María ! - What the hell is that ? - I don 't know . Hey , get out of the way ! Hey , move ! Ray 's hurt bad , man . Hurry up ! Get an ambulance ! This is Wesley Brewer out on route seven . Looks like about an eight o 'clock ETA on that trailer pick-up . - This fog 's gonna slow me down . - 10-4 , Wesley . See you when you get here . Mother of God ! Mom , is it gonna die ? She was just lying there when we found her , Officer . So you saw nothing when the window broke ? - No . - Nothing . We heard a noise , like thunder . Then glass everywhere . OK . Thank you . - What 'd the janitors say ? - They claim they didn 't see anything . The security monitors don 't have a recording of anything either . Just a giant implosion of glass like some kind of giant shock wave . What they described sounds more like a sonic boom . Well , no sonic boom did this . The construction worker who was killed had his spine crushed like a string of shells . A circular abrasion on his torso in roughly the shape of an elephant 's foot . Other workers said they felt the ground shake , then a faint whiff of animal odour . If you still think the elephant did this , it defies logic . Somebody would have seen it . Well , if somebody would have seen it , Scully , we wouldn 't be here . Another vehicle would have left evidence - distress to the metal or paint . I can see signs of neither . I 'd admit the possibility of a tornado , but it 's not really tornado season . I 'd even entertain the notion of a black hole passing over the area or some cosmic anomaly , but it 's not really black-hole season either . If I was a betting man , I 'd say that it was , um ... An invisible elephant ? I saw David Copperfield make the Statue of Liberty disappear . - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah . Ed Meecham , Fairfield Zoo . Sorry for the hold-up . We had trouble transporting Ganesha 's body . - This is Agent Scully . - Hi . - Have they determined what he died of ? - She . She was a 12-year-old Indian female . I figure she ran herself into exhaustion . - How did she escape ? - Well , now , there 's a puzzle . When I got the call , I expected to find her cage open , but it was locked , just like I left it . - Any idea how she could have escaped ? - No , sir . No signs of tampering either . I 've read about something called " the elephant rebellion " in zoos . Elephants turning on their keepers , destroying their pens . - Was Ganesha ever a problem like that ? - Elephants are very big , very wilful animals . So you 're saying there were problems ? The person you wanna talk to about that is Willa Ambrose . - Ambrose ? - She 's a naturalist . She was hired by the board of supervisors last year to oversee things . She 's supposed to be the reigning authority . In your opinion , the damage here , could this have been caused by an escaped elephant ? My honest opinion ? Sure . Excuse me . - What you looking for , Mulder ? - A local paper . I wanna see if David Copperfield 's in town . Excuse me . We 're looking for Willa Ambrose . - There . - Thank you . - Miss Ambrose ? - Yes . I 'm Agent Dana Scully . This is Agent Mulder . We 're with the FBI . - How can I help you ? - A federal employee has been fatally injured . There is a case around the elephant that escaped from your zoo . I understood that the eyewitnesses said they didn 't know how the man was killed . What we 're trying to determine is how Ganesha escaped . - What did Ed tell you ? - He found the cage locked , as he 'd left it . - What more can I say ? - A man was found trampled to death . An animal from your zoo was found 43 miles away . No one 's looking to place any blame . We 're just trying to understand the facts . This is where Ganesha was held when she wasn 't in her habitat . - Who has keys to this lock ? - Only myself and Mr Meecham . Otherwise , this is a restricted area . Elephants aren 't good jumpers , if that 's what you 're thinking . No . I was wondering why such a small pen for such a large animal . The zoo was built in the 1940s . The pens and habitats are all too confining . I was brought on to expand and create more humane environments . Unfortunately , these things take time . - Those , uh ... chains on the ground there ? - Those are tie-downs . They restrict the animal 's movement . I disallowed their use when I came here . - Disallowed their use by whom ? - It was Ed Meecham 's practice . It reflected an old , non-progressive zoo policy . - How 's your relationship with Ed Meecham ? - I 'm his boss and a woman . Ed doesn 't like it . Would he be vindictive enough to let Ganesha go as sabotage ? If he did , that would be foolish . The facility is running at a deficit and may lose its funding . - Have you discussed the incident with Ed ? - No . I think Ed 's got enough dealing with the WAO . - The WAO ? - It 's the Wild Again Organisation . They believe any captive animal is a crime against nature . They 're gonna have a field day with this one . Excuse me . The WAO believes only tragedy results from keeping animals in captivity . In the wild , an elephant would roam an area of 20 square miles minimum . Ganesha weighed over 5,000 pounds and she was being held in a 50 - by 50-foot cage . - You consider that inhumane ? - It 's like you or I living in a pickle barrel . FBI files state you 've been arrested over a dozen times for the kidnapping of circus and zoo animals . - The WAO sees it as liberation . Hm . Were you involved in the " liberation " of Ganesha ? That would make me an accessory to murder , wouldn 't it ? Endangering these animals is against everything we believe . These are incredibly spiritual creatures . Their rituals and behaviour are linked to a past no man ever witnessed . Did you know they actually bury their dead ? They can visit an elephant graveyard centuries old and know instinctively where their ancestors ' bones lie . What do you think Ganesha was running from ? You wanna see ? I 'll show you . Get up ! Halt . I got him . This is how Ed Meecham treats these majestic animals . - This is still going on ? - Meecham 's a barbarian . He 's been torturing animals at the Fairfield Zoo for years . We figure he 's still at it . Eventually we 're gonna get some proof . We 're here to put pressure on the zoo . We 're keeping track of what goes on . Willa Ambrose claims she 's put a stop to most of his old practices . Whatever her intentions , she 's too preoccupied to know how Meecham operates . Preoccupied with what ? A lawsuit she 's fighting against the Malawi government over a gorilla named Sophie . Willa rescued her from an African customs house ten years ago . Raised her like a child . - The Malawi government wants her back . - Will they win ? This is a perfect example of man 's imperialism over the animal kingdom . Some craven impulse to turn animals into objects for our own selfish pleasure . - I thought you said she rescued this gorilla ? - So she could spend her life behind bars ! Her obligation should have been to return the gorilla to the wild . Animals should run free . - Even if it means trampling a man to death ? - Maybe he should have moved . I 'm sure he would have if he 'd seen it coming . Thanks for your time , sir , and we 'll get back to you soon . - It 's all happening at the zoo , Scully . - Well , we found our suspects . - You think they busted out Ganesha ? - You heard him . " Animals should run free . " What about the eyewitness accounts , the security tapes the fact that no one saw an elephant until it was miles away from the zoo ? The lights at the construction site were mercury-vapour , 10,000 candlepower . They can restrict a man 's ability to adjust to the dark . And their security cameras are poor quality . A grey elephant may not have registered an image on tape in the dim light . I 'm not buying it . I think these guys are all talk . These guys are dedicated to exactly this kind of activity , unabashedly . - Did you check out the night-vision camera ? - No . It wouldn 't surprise me if they tried to capitalise on their success . - By doing what ? - By liberating another animal . Willa Ambrose said the zoo was in trouble financially . The loss of another big exhibit could shut them down entirely . All right . You keep an eye on the WAO . And where are you going ? To talk to the animals . Beam me up , Scotty ! Did anybody tell you the camera loves you , Frohike ? Yeah , the arresting officers at the Free James Brown rally . - What 's this costing the taxpayers , Mulder ? - Uh ... about a 150 bucks an hour . Ouch ! Almost as much as Bill Clinton 's haircuts . - Where 's Langly ? - He has a philosophical issue with having his image transmitted . - What are you doing in Idaho ? - I 'm in Fairfield . What do you know about it ? They got a little zoo there . Lots of strange lore . Animals escaping , disappearing . - Any idea why ? - You 're near the Mountain Home Air Base . Major UFO hotspot . Weird fact , Mulder : no animal at Fairfield Zoo has ever brought a pregnancy to term . Not a cub or a chick . The woman in charge has a gorilla that knows sign language , supposedly a thousand words . If that 's the lovely Agent Scully let her know I 've been working out . I 'm buff . - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . I was right . I just followed the kid from the WAO to the zoo . He 's just about to make it over the fence . All right . I 'll be right there , Scully . What the hell are you doing here ? There 's a member of the WAO on the premises . Come with me . What 's going on ? OK , Sophie . Calm down . I don 't know what you 're talking about . You have no idea what he was doing at the zoo ? If you 're asking if I had any idea of his intentions the answer is simple : not the slightest . I saw this camera sitting up there on the shelf yesterday . Guess I never noticed it before . A tiger is missing and a member of your organisation is dead . For such a principled man , you show an amazing lack of emotion . If the tiger killed this person , then it was a natural act . If I find evidence that he was releasing those animals under your orders you 'll spend the rest of your life behind bars . Scully ? That guy really pisses me off . - Are you OK , Scully ? - Yeah . Have you calmed down ? - Have they found the tiger yet ? - No . But I took a look at the cassette . - He wasn 't killed by the tiger . - What ? Unless it 's trick photography , it was some kind of phantom attacker . You saw his body ! He was mauled to death . He had claw marks on his chest and back . I can 't explain it , either . But I know someone who might be able to . Excuse me ? Miss Ambrose ? Can we have a word with you ? I don 't know anything more than I 've told the police . I have nothing to say . Is this where you keep Sophie ? - Sophie is ill . - Do you think we could meet her ? We 're not here to try to take her away from you . Six weeks ago I had to take Sophie out of her public habitat . She 'd become so withdrawn and depressed . She 'd curl into a ball in the corner of her cage and just shiver . - Did you ask her why ? - All the time . - What did she say ? - Light afraid . - Literally , she 's afraid of the light . - She speaks to you ? Over 600 words using American Sign Language . She understands over a thousand . I 'll show you her vocabulary list . - Is this who you wanted to speak to ? - It 's basic investigative procedure . - Interview all the possible witnesses . - Gorillas are highly sensitive creatures and Sophie 's use of language skills makes her even more so . - Why would she be afraid of the light ? - You 've heard about the Malawi government . Sophie could be taken away from me and I think that she knows that . - Are these Sophie 's ? - Yes . What do you think they mean ? Until recently , Sophie desperately wanted a baby . The brown object in the centre is her expression of that . - Have you tried to mate her ? - We were looking for a partner but under these stressful conditions , I didn 't wanna put her through it . - Do you have a veterinary facility here ? - Yeah . This is a strange request , but it might help to explain what 's been going on . I 'm gonna need your help on this , too , Scully . - I hope you know what you 're getting us into . - I 'm pretty sure of what we 're gonna find . This isn 't exactly in my job description . Next thing you know they 'll be doing it on MTV Sports . OK , the elephant 's cavity is clear . I 'm ready for you . - The knife 's right down there . - OK . I was told there 's never been a successful pregnancy at the Fairfield Zoo . - You 've been talking to Kyle Lang . - Well , is it true ? Yes . But I don 't think for the reasons Kyle claims . Not because Ed Meecham has done anything to the animals . - Why then ? - Bringing a pregnancy to term in captivity is always difficult . - But a perfect failure rate ? I know . It 's one of the things I was determined to change when I came here . Was an attempt ever made to mate Ganesha ? No . Mating an elephant out of the wild is rarely successful . There have only been six elephants born in captivity over the last ten years . Here 's the uterine tissue . But I 'm still not clear on what you expect to find . You 're right , Mulder . The signs in the uterus and the ovaries are unmistakable . So , what did you find ? This animal had been pregnant . - What are you talking about ? - There 's hypoplasia and the corpus luteum is ruptured . - That 's not possible . - Neither is an invisible elephant . - What is going on here ? - Whatever it is , it 's been going on a while . I think you 'll find evidence of the same thing when your tiger returns . I still can 't believe you bet on the Chargers ! - You hear that ? - Hear what ? - Where 's the tiger ? - Inside the site . Two men are trapped . Put the gun away , Ed ! Do you wanna be responsible for another death ? We can capture this cat without harming anyone . - This is no time for wishful thinking . - I 'm ordering you , Ed . Yes , ma 'am . Lead the way . How 'd the tiger get across town without being spotted ? I don 't know , but we 'd better find her before Meecham does . Hey ! Shh , shh . It was just here . It 's all right , Willa . They don 't all talk and draw pictures . This last incident has left the board with no choice but to withdraw all funding . If that 's your decision , there 's nothing else I can say . I 'm sorry . It really is a shame . It 's too bad . I 'm out of a job . They 've cut off all funding . The animals are being shipped out to other zoos , starting Monday . - I 'm sorry . - It could not have happened at a worse time . You mean for Sophie ? What I had going for me was my position here . Having a place for her . Have the results come in on the tiger ? Agent Scully did the test . The tiger had been pregnant , too . It 's impossible . There 's no chance those animals could get pregnant . What if they were artificially inseminated ? That 's a very fine and complex process . I would have known . Unless it was done somewhere else . - Where ? - What do you know about alien abduction ? You 're ... You 're kidding me ? You think that these animals were taken aboard some spaceship ? I don 't know , but there 's obviously some problem getting them back . Due to what may be an astrological variation , a trouble with the time-space continuum . These animals taken from cages are returned two miles west-southwest of this zoo . - Aliens impregnating zoo animals . - Yes , and harvesting the embryos . - Why ? - Maybe their own Noah 's Ark ? To preserve the DNA of these animals that we 're depleting . That 's probably why you 've never had a successful birth at this facility . It 's the most ridiculous thing I 've ever heard . I understand that you might think it 's ridiculous . Maybe you should ask Sophie . You think ... this is what she 's so afraid of ? I believe she 's pregnant . And she 's afraid of them coming for her baby . Sophie , come here . I wanna ask you a question . It 's OK , Sophie . Come here . - What 's she saying ? - She says " man , woman hurt . " She thinks you or your partner are going to hurt her or me . Sophie . Man woman are here to help you . They want to know about Sophie 's baby . - Can I ask her a question ? - Yeah . Will you ask her if she wants to leave here ? Sophie . Do you want to leave here ? She says " light afraid " . Sophie , what are you afraid of ? Tell me . - What did she say ? - She said " Baby go flying light " . I just finished off in the infirmary . The sheriff 's deputy came looking to serve you papers . I think it 's about Sophie . - What am I gonna do ? - You can 't leave Sophie here if you want to protect her . - I 've nowhere else to take her . Excuse me . - Willa Ambrose ? - Yes . I 'm serving you with a court order to release Sophie into protective custody . - What are you doing here ? - I 've come to ask for your help , Kyle . - Help with what ? - Sophie . - They 've taken her into protective custody . - Let her go , Willa . They 're putting her in an iron cage as we speak , without bars , without windows . It 'll kill her . Sophie 's been behind bars her entire life . Let her go home , to the freedom she deserves . Freedom to what ? Be killed by poachers and have her hands cut off as souvenirs ? - They promised she 'll be in a preserve . - She 's mine , Kyle . I won 't let her go ! Please , come on . We can find a place for her here . - A private reserve . You know people . - No . No . That 's against everything I stand for . She 's pregnant . - What ? - Sophie 's pregnant . I don 't believe you , Willa . - It 's true . - What if she was ? Is the baby gonna live out its life behind bars , too ? Look , Willa , she doesn 't belong to you . She 's not your child . She belongs with other gorillas , not selling tickets for a zoo . You won 't help me ? No . - Wanna see something interesting ? - Where d 'you get this ? I was looking for a pen to finish my report in Willa 's office and that was in her drawer . It 's a small world after all . It 's OK , Sophie . It 's OK , honey . Sophie . Sophie . Sophie , don 't worry . I 'm with you . I love you , too . Willa ? Willa ? Are you here ? Willa , where are you ? Willa ? I told you . It happened exactly the way it did with the tiger . I heard the animals going crazy . I got up to check on Sophie and she was gone . That 's when I found Kyle . - Any idea what he was doing at the zoo ? - No . A witness says that you visited Kyle 's office yesterday . Is that true ? Yeah . - For what purpose ? - Basically , to tell him that he 'd won the zoo was being shut down and Sophie was being taken into protective custody . Did you ask him to help you take Sophie to prevent her from being taken from you ? No . That would be against everything Kyle believed in . But he helped you to rescue her originally , isn 't that correct ? He had a connection to you and to this animal that went back several years . Whatever " connection " he and I had ... was over long ago . But you asked him anyway ... to help you ? No . Then what was he doing here last night and why did he give you this note ? I don 't know . I told you . - Did he make a habit of visiting the zoo ? - If he did , it was probably late at night after he 'd jumped over the fence like a good WAO soldier . Why don 't you ask Agent Mulder what he thinks happened ? He has a novel theory . Maybe it was alien abduction . Scully , can I talk to you for a second ? - You think she 's telling the truth . - Why do you say that ? Kyle Lang 's death and the disappearance of the animal match the previous incidents . Yes . And you 've been pushing this alien abduction angle . - I still am , but Willa 's reactions are wrong . - To losing Sophie ? I think she knows where Sophie is and Lang died cos he knows what she 's capable of . - You think she killed him ? - I think she 'd do anything to protect Sophie . Even wait atop a stack of crates for her former lover to walk underneath ? An examination of the body will give us a picture of what happened last night . You do that and I 'll check out the warehouse . - Looks like you 're in a hurry . - Well , there isn 't much to hang around for . I 'm afraid there is . I found evidence that Kyle died a wrongful death . He was hit with a cattle prod . There 's gonna be an investigation , so I have to read you your rights . It was an accident . Kyle surprised Ed . - He wasn 't supposed to be there . - Ed Meecham took Sophie ? Yes . There was no one else to turn to . Where is she , Willa ? Ed has her . She 's in some building ... on the road to Boise . Put it down , Ed . There 's been enough violence , don 't you think ? - I didn 't kill Kyle Lang . - Put down the gun and we 'll talk about it . I was only doing what she paid me to do . - Where 's the animal , Ed ? - Down the hall . You show me where . We 're gonna go there together . Come on . - What 's she doing ? - Throwing herself against the door . She 's gone crazy . - She 's scared . - Yeah ? Well , she 's gonna kill herself . OK , Ed . Well , you 're gonna have to save her . Take your tranquilliser gun . I 'll be right behind you . I 've only got one dart in this thing , so you gotta get her out in the light . - Can you see her ? - I think she 's over in that corner over there . Hey , Meecham ! I 'm not gonna hurt you . Mulder ! Mulder ! - Ow ! - Sorry . Lie still . - Where 's Sophie ? - Can we get a paramedic in here ? - Meecham ? - He 's been arrested . We picked him up on the way to Boise . That 's how we found you here . - They took Sophie . - Who did ? - Where 's Willa ? - She 's making a statement about Kyle Lang . I gotta talk to her . - Where is she ? - She 's gone . - What did he do to her ? - It wasn 't Ed . She tried to tell me something . - What is that ? - That doesn 't make any sense . - What does it mean ? - Man save man . We 've just received a report of a large animal spotted on the interstate ... - That 's her . - She 's heading back towards the zoo . - Where is she ? - Over there . - What happened ? - Animal got hit by a car . Ran off into the field . No ! No , no , no , no ! Sophie ? Sophie ? No , no . Ambrose and Meecham have been charged with manslaughter for Lang 's death . The courts will rule on this matter and justice will no doubt be served but the pall of a greater tragedy remains . The motives of the silent visitors who set these events in motion remain unclear . Is it a judgment on a global rate of extinction that has risen to one thousand times its natural rate in this century ? An act of alien conservation of animals we are driving hard toward oblivion ? And if so , might it follow that our own fate and existence could finally be dependent on the conservatorship of an extraterrestrial race ? Or , in the simple words of a creature whose own future is uncertain : will man save man ? Visiontext subtitles : Julie Clayton I made this ! ENGLISH SDH
