 [ Man ] Hurry up ! Next time maybe take a leak before we leave work , okay , dipwads ? You read sign language , guy ? Is that your I.Q. or the number of dipwads your mother had ? Not you , too , Sandy ? Sorry , man . You got to hold it till you get home . [ Labored Breathing , Shuddering ] See you tomorrow , Sandy . [ Gasping ] [ Horn Honking ] [ Knocking ] Hey , Sandy . Chop , chop . Hey , Sandman ? - Hey , hot dog . Come on . Carpe diem . - [ Claps Hands ] [ Gasping ] [ Snarling ] - [ Screams ] - [ Scraping ] [ Snarling ] [ Screaming ] [ Mulder 's Voice ] Using a process that restores moisture to the documents , and by a reassembling of fragments , I should be able to recover ... a large percentage of the case material that was destroyed in my office fire ... several months ago . And while this process will be tedious and ongoing , what I 've already recovered will allow Agent Scully and I ... to begin work on the X - Files immediately . [ Woman ] Agent Mulder - - Agent Mulder , I 'm reading here a very pie - in - the - sky report ... about global domination plans by vicious , long-clawed spacelings ? Is there going to be data to back this vague , omnibus account ? - Yes . - I see your renowned arrogance has been left quite intact . You 're asking us to accept this report ... of a spaceship buried under polar ice ... and your death-defying escape from it ? The ice had become superheated by the ship ... as it rose beneath us , causing the ice to collapse . This story is unintelligible and encourages unintelligible analysis . I was hoping you 'd look more closely at the reports ... of my and Agent Scully 's medical conditions . These spacelings , Agent Mulder - - they weren 't something I saw in Men in Black ? I didn 't see Men in Black . Well , it 's a damn good movie . As much as this sounds like science fiction , we can and will ... prove the validity of our report . And so the plot - - I 'm just trying to get this straight - - the plot is for these spacelings to take over the planet ... aided by a group of men here on earth ? A shadow conspiracy within our own government . Who are growing corn in the middle of the desert , which features ... pollen which was genetically altered ... to hold a virus which will be taken away by bees ... whose sting transmits the virus , causing the growth ... of an extraterrestrial biological entity inside the human host ? Which we will prove now that the X-Files have been reopened . Your presumption is greater than the case you make for that eventuality . I 'm not sure I understand . You 're here to justi fy your reassignment on the X - Files ... with little more than a rattletrap account of high adventure in the Antarctic . Not to mention some very questionable travel expenses . L et us remind you that the F.B.I. is not a school for science , nor for the grinding of personal axes . Hopefully , you will be able to present us with some material evidence ... to support a continued investigation . Agent Scully , who was assigned to the X-Files ... as a scientist , was stung by one of these bees and was infected with this virus . She is here today with hard and incontrovertible evidence , scientific proof that the virus she was infected with ... is , in fact , extraterrestrial . Next time I 'll wear a clown suit and do balloon tricks . - I was hoping it wouldn 't come up . - The only reason I was in there ... is because you assured me there was a scientific basis for what we saw . Let me remind you once again , what I saw was very little . That excuse is not gonna work this time . You were there , and you were infected with that virus . Yes , there is a scientific basis for what happened to me . I was exposed to a virus . But as it turns out , Mulder , that virus ... is not what you thought . I can 't identify it . I have run three separate tests . But I can tell you without a doubt that virus 's D.N.A. and proteins ... are very much of this world . I saw what that virus did . I saw it generate a new being , an alien being inside a human body . It attacks and destroys human cells , but that is all it does . It creates nothing . Look , I don 't like telling you this , and I know that you don 't want to hear it . Not that you can 't question me in what I saw , but what you can 't question is the science . There was some sloppiness in Phoenix where they found the body . The local P.D. got involved . These were taken at the scene by a crime reporter . These were run in the press ? I trumped up a story about a crazy Indian on the loose . Never underestimate the public 's willingness to blame the red man for ... anything they can 't explain . - How did this happen ? - He was one of ours . He must 've accidentally injected himself while he was working on the virus . It took just 1 2 hours for the creature to gestate . This thing 's alive ? Yes . It 's killed a man . - It 's out there somewhere ? - As far as I know . God Almighty . We can 't have this thing running loose . I 'm managing the situation . You can manage all you want . Someone 's got to find this thing . Someone has to kill it . The response must be equal to the threat . Can you dispose of this problem ? Yes . You 're wasting your time . You need evidence to justify our reassignment . I 've just got to bring it back from the ashes . Nothing you might restore is gonna help you . It 's over and done . Your reassignment on the X-Files has been denied . How can it be ? We 're the only reason the X-Files were reopened in the first place . - There 's no other reason to reopen them . - I 'm not arguing with you . - Then who is ? - When will you accept ... that no amount of pressure or reason will bring to heel a conspiracy ... whose members walk these halls with absolute impunity ? Was there a vote ? Unanimous against . Excuse me . I 'm no help to you outside the majority . Inside or out , I don 't see that there 's a damn thing you can do for me . You can break their backs with proof about this virus , proof that what you say it does is true . I don 't have that proof just yet . Maybe I can give it to you . There 's a file folder . It 's on the desk in your old office . Is that something for me ... Agent Mulder ? - Yeah , if you 're doing my filing . - Your filing ? What are you doing in my office , Agent Spender ? I think there 's been a miscommunication . I think someone failed to inform you . If you 're about to tell me that you were sent down here to work on the X-Files , I think the failure is simple judgment . I don 't care what patronage got you this job . I put my life in here . I 'm not gonna let some brownnose just slide in and take it all away from me . I don 't believe in your work , in the paranormal mumbo jumbo , so don 't presume I 'm the one taking your place . - No ? Who is ? - [ Approaching Footsteps ] - Fox . - Diana . Back on your feet . Guess that 's the only way you could stab me in the back . I need the patient bandaged and dressed . We 'll be taking a trip . You want him what ? I 'm sure I don 't need to repeat myself . Please get the boy ready . - But doing that now could kill him . - Let me put it to you simply . It 's him or it 's us . I just want to remind you that by not informing local P.D ... . we are in technical violation of state laws ... prohibiting contamination of a crime scene . Why do I bother ? Scully , come here and take a look at this . Ever seen anything like this ? - What are they ? - According to the investigator 's notes in the file , they 're from an attack by a Native American man on a scientist . - With what kind of weapon ? - It says in the file he used his bare hands . His bare hands ? - Mulder , this is hardwood . - Uh-huh . This kind of gouging didn 't happen with anybody 's bare hands- - not without the use of some kind of an implement . What is that ? Ah . Somebody broke a nail . - Is it animal ? - It ain 't RuPaul . The body of the other victim was found here on the sofa , his viscera torn from his torso . But the M.E. ' s report says that the times of death were hours apart , which means that this victim was dead hours before the second attack . - So the attacker never left . - There wasn 't an attack . I think it was celebrating its birthday . The first victim must 've gotten infected with the virus somehow . Right here on the sofa was where the creature was born . - Mulder- - - That would account for the violence done to the man 's torso . The virus producing an extraterrestrial biological entity ... that ripped away his chest as it birthed itself right here . Look . Given the scenario you just described , the rate of gestation would 've been less than a day . It would 've been about 1 2 hours , in fact . Forgive the scientific argument for a moment , but you 're saying this was done by something newborn ? That 's exactly what I 'm saying . It was here , but it 's gone now . - I should take a look . - It 's not here . Why don 't you believe me when you 're so afraid of me ? - I 'm not afraid of you . - You think I can destroy you ... for what I know , because of what I am . You 're thinking you could 've destroyed me too . And if I don 't find this creature , you will . He 'll find it . [ Mulder ] I don 't see there 's any argument here . You admit yourself that the crime report is a lie . Mulder , that doesn 't mean that I can just accept your theory . What does it take ? For this thing to come up and bite you on the ass ? I saw these creatures . I saw them burst to life . You would 've seen ' em , too , but you were infected with that virus . You were passed out over my shoulder . I know what you did . I know what happened to me . But without ignoring the science , I can 't- - Listen , Mulder . You told me my science kept you honest . That it made you question your assumptions . That by it , I 'd made you a whole person . If I change now ... it wouldn 't be right ... or honest . I 'm talking about extraterrestrial life ... alive on this planet in our lifetime- - forces that dwarf and precede all human history . I 'm sorry , Scully , but this time your science is wrong . [ Man On Boom Box ] Gray skies are gonna clear up Put on a happy face - Brush off the clouds and cheer up - Wake up , Homer . - Put on a happy face - I was awake . [ Continues , Indistinct ] - I was just thinking . - Yeah , that 'd be a first . You 're ten minutes late on your systems check . If there was a problem , we would 've heard about it . Like Arizona 's gonna go without air conditioning for ten minutes . Pick out a pleasant outlook Stick out that noble chin Wipe off that full - of - doubt look - Slap on a happy grin - Hey , Homer . Got something here in the bleed cooling system . And spread sunshine all over the place See that ? - Five degrees off . Might be- - - Might be in the core reactor . No , no , no . It 's got to be a monitoring glitch . Phone could start ringing any minute . You might want to check it out . All right . Brush off the clouds and cheer up Put on a happy face [ Scatting ] Put on a happy face Start spreading sunshine all over the place And put on [ Squishing , Dripping ] [ Slapping ] - [ Creature Squeals ] - [ Screaming ] [ Crowd Chatter ] [ Man ] Check every inch of that reactor . [ Spender ] I want this place sealed off . Yes . Authorized officers and personnel only . This is a closed area . - What happened here , Spender ? - You 'll have to leave . We received a call that a man was killed here . A call from whom ? Assistant Director Skinner ? Let us through . You are unauthorized to be here . You 've ignored your superiors and come here without cause or permission . I 'm gonna get you censured for this and demand a review of A.D. Skinner 's actions . Diana , let us in here . I can 't . This facility has been sealed off by the N.R.C. - A man was murdered . - A workman was killed in an accident ... - in a reactor where there was a systems failure . - Then why are you here ? We were called because of a possible connection to two previous deaths ... from a case file that was stolen from our office . There is a connection . Let 's get out of here , Mulder . I hope you know what you 're doing , Diana . - I hope you know whose errands you 're running . - I think I do . You weren 't getting anywhere , Mulder . It was only making it worse . It 's here , Scully , and they know it . How do they know ? Mulder , how do you know ? Give me the keys and get in the car . Oh , my God . Gibson . Sorry , sweetie . Gibson ? Gibson ? Gibson , sweetheart . Oh , God . Frankenstein ? Really ? No . No , you 've been worked on by some good doctors . They did a fine job with your stitches . You think they were butchers . They were butchers . They should 've changed your bandages , Gibson . He 's got some swelling and some infection . And you 've got a fever . Why did they do this to you ? 'Cause I can read people 's minds . How 'd you get in our car ? When they weren 't looking , I snuck away . It 's easy when you know what they 're thinking . Why are you here ? They were using me , 'cause I can communicate with it . Communicate with what ? You already know . You just don 't want to believe it . The kid could find this thing . - Mulder , this kid belongs in a hospital . - We could get his fever down . You just can 't take him on some snipe hunt . He 's in no condition . He belongs in a bed under constant medical care . Listen to me . What I 'm saying is in your best interest , okay ? We have to take every precaution , make every effort ... to ensure that nothing happens to this boy . Because whatever he is , whatever gives him the ability to do what he does , he 's your scientific evidence , just like we said . He could be the key to everything in the X-Files . - We don 't have the X-Files . - No . But what if he could corroborate everything that you 're saying ? This boy could be our last best chance . [ Diana ] Agent Mulder . Fox , I 'm going to get out of the car . I 'm alone , all right ? - What are you doing here ? - I couldn 't say anything to you earlier . I was given this assignment , Fox , okay ? They offered it to me . - I took the chance ... - I 'm listening . to make sure someone served your interests , someone who believes in the work . Hey , you and I found the X-Files together . Don 't forget that . - Who sent you ? - I 'm here on my own . Why ? To convince me of your noble intentions ? Listen to me . That thing is somewhere inside the number four reactor building . We can let them find it and destroy it , or go find it ourselves . You need proof , Fox . You 're so close . Why can 't you see that ? - Mulder , what 's going on ? - You take Gibson . - Where are you going ? - To find this thing . [ Diana ] Agent Spender and I got a call . We were on a plane within an hour in constant contact . - With who ? - The nuclear regulatory people . N.R.C. was first on the scene . They found the victim . But by the time we got there , it 'd been removed . We never saw the body . - Who removed it ? - I don 't know . Couldn 't get a straight answer . Then the N.R.C. sealed off the number four reactor ... due to a problem with the heat transfer systems . I believe that was legitimate . Maybe that 's why it 's there . It wants heat . It needs heat . This thing gestated abnormally fast . What if heat activates it ? It could spur on the virus and the rapid development of the entity . - But it 's still seeking heat . Why ? - What if it 's still developing ? You 're not under the impression what we 're looking for makes sense in any conventional way ? No . You 're gonna be fine , Gibson . You 're gonna be okay . Let 's get a bed ready . - You 're gonna run more tests . - We 're gonna get you well . You say that , but you 're gonna run more tests , just like the other doctors . We have to run some more tests , Gibson . You want to make me well , but you 're just thinking about yourself and what you can learn from me . You 're a very special boy , Gibson . You know that yourself . I 'm a very special lab rat . [ Diana ] According to what little we could gather ... the victim 's body was found near here . - It 's hot in here . - We 're right above the core reactor . This is part of the heat transfer cooling system . - Looks organic . - Maybe somebody 's got the flu . - Aah ! - What ? What is it ? There 's something in there . Aah ! - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Aah ! - [ Mulder ] Yeah . - Mulder , I found something you 're not gonna believe . - Ditto . - We did blood tests on Gibson , and there 's evidence of the virus in his system . The same virus you were exposed to ? - I 'm almost positive . - What does that mean ? I don 't know , but I think we 're onto something . We 're onto something huge . A link . - I 'll call that bet and raise you . - What ? Never mind . Just take care of Gibson . Never mind . Just take care of Gibson . There was a little boy in that room , and he 's gone . Does anybody know what happened to that little boy ? His name is Gibson Praise . He was just in that room . God ! Does anybody know what the hell is going on ? Whoa , whoa , whoa . L et 's just calm down . That little boy that I brought in is missing . - He can 't be missing . He should still be in his bed . - He 's not here ! It 's here . Where ? Somewhere . - [ Banging ] - Open the door , you son of a bitch ! Open the door , damn it ! Open it ! - Open the door , you- - - Fox ! I 'm gonna go see if there 's some other way in . Open it ! Open this door ! [ Heavy Breathing ] I told you it was here . - [ Squealing ] - [ Screams ] Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! - [ Alarm Blaring ] - [ Man Yells , Indistinct ] There he is ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! [ Maslin ] As I said , and as I am forced to reiterate , Agent Mulder , the F.B.I. is not here for vendettas ... or for the grinding of personal axes . This holds not just for you but for everyone at the bureau . You force us to put a point on this , to make some hard changes . You and Agent Scully will cease all material association with the X-Files . Refusal to do so will end in immediate dismissal . Aprobationary period will be set . You will now report to Assistant Director Kersh . You 're not supposed to come here . It 's what was agreed to . - It 's the deal you made . - [ Cigarette - Smoking Man ] I had to congratulate you . Commend how you handled things . - How you handled Mulder . - I did what I was asked . You did well , son . He 's on very thin ice now , you know . Mulder will be back . As long as he lives , he won 't give up . There are solutions , of course . Simple but extreme solutions . I 've used these methods . They have their place . But not here . You 've killed men . You can kill a man , but you can 't kill what he stands for . Not unless you first break his spirit . That 's a beautiful thing to see . [ Door Opens ] It 'd help if you shut the door . It 'd make it harder for them to see ... that I 'm totally disregarding everything I was told . Everything we were told , Mulder . They can 't take away the X-Files , Scully . They tried . You know , Agent Fowley 's report to O.P.R. painted the facts in an interesting way . I hope you haven 't been betrayed . Agent Fowley 's report was a means to an end . Trying to protect the work . Protect the X-Files . Mulder , Agent Fowley 's report states that the man you saw attacked ... was bludgeoned by an unknown subject . She makes no mention of a little boy who , as it happens , is nowhere to be found . It would seem that her report protects everything but you . Agent Fowley took me to that plant at great risk to herself , where I saw something that you refuse to believe in- - saw it again , Scully . And though it may not say it in her report , Diana saw it too . And no matter what you think , she 's certainly not gonna go around saying ... that just because science can 't prove it , it isn 't true . I don 't doubt what you saw , Mulder . I don 't doubt you . I 'm willing to believe , but not in a lie , and not in the opposite of what I can prove . It comes down to a matter of trust . I guess it always has . You 're asking me to make a choice ? I 'm asking you to trust my judgment . To trust me . I can 't accept that , not if it refutes what I know to be true . Mulder , these are test results , D.N.A. from the claw nail we found , matching exactly the D.N.A. from the virus you believe is extraterrestrial . That 's the connection . Which matches exactly D.N.A. that was found in Gibson Praise . I don 't understand . You 're saying Gibson Praise is infected with the virus ? No . It 's a part of his D.N.A. In fact , it 's a part of all of our D.N.A. It 's called a genetic remnant . It 's inactive junk D.N.A. , except in Gibson , it 's turned on . If that were true , that would mean that Gibson is in some part extraterrestrial . It would mean that all of us are . [ Child ] I made this !
