 So there I was cruising along , happy as a clam , my beautiful wheels are shining in the sun . I tell you , the world was my oyster . Oysters and clams ? Somebody 's got seafood on the brain . Hush up , girl , I ain 't finished . Thousands of fans , breathlessly waiting for " The Crying Man " to deliver their anthem , were about to be disappointed . All because a " junior nutty professor " couldn 't control his vortex . Why couldn 't you have pointed that thing up ? Taken your mama with you instead of me ... an innocent celebrity ? Now you dropped us in a world where the polar icecaps must have melted and flooded San Francisco . Quit your crying . I didn 't do it on purpose . How many times can I say I 'm sorry ? Just keep saying it . I 'll tell you when to stop . Just hang in there , guys . It 's almost time to slide . Listen ... provided none of us falls into the sea , provided we do actually get to an alternate Earth , I suggest we take a vow that we will stay still and relax , no matter what the circumstances . - Agreed . - Yeah , abso-damn-lutely . Okay , okay . Wherever we land next , no involvement with the locals . Do you think that we could start that policy here ? Miss Wells , San Francisco is hundreds of feet below the surface of the ocean . There are no " locals " here . Then what do you call him ? I stand corrected . What if you could find brand new worlds right here on Earth , where anything is possible ? Same planet , different dimension . I found the gateway . I can 't hold on much longer . Just 12 more seconds , Professor . You can do it ! Three ... - two , one ... - Quinn , hurry ! Okay , go ! Oof ! Come on , old fella . Come on , now . Whoa ! Oh , that felt good . Nothing like a little exercise after a slide to get the blood circulating . Yes ! Why don 't we get out of this fountain , before we attract more attention to ourselves ? Yeah , these clothes we 're wearing are weird enough . Good day , sir . Good day to you . This planet is weird already . How long are we gonna be stuck here ? Six days , 14 hours , three minutes , 10 seconds . That 's not so bad . This one 's much better than the last one . At least I 'm safe and dry . Sir . Hello . Why is everybody bowing ? " Secret love tapes of Prince Harold " ? Look out ! Are you blind , you stupid little strumpet ? ! You 're very lucky I don 't ... It was my fault . Entirely my fault . Please find it in your heart to forgive my reckless driving . There 's simply no excuse for it . Perhaps you 'd allow me the honor of making it up to you . Our entire hotel is at your disposal . Why don 't I take you to the royal suite ? Well ... the royal suite is probably a little more than we can afford . A " little more " than you can afford ? Oh , you kill me , sir . You kill me . I meant that as a pun , of course . Yes , well ... the royal suite then . What fun . What fun . Come . Whatever your needs , we stand ready to meet them . With the utmost discretion , of course . Well , since you mention it , we could use some dry clothes and a hot meal . Oh , certainly . I 'll have chef send up a list of his specialties immediately . Serving you makes my life worthwhile . This San Francisco is part of The British States of America . The Americans lost the Revolutionary War , and they 're still governed by a monarchy . I have no problem with the Brits . We made " Top of the Pops " over there . More to the point , the British make a virtue of minding their own business . With a little luck , and so long as we don 't interfere with the status quo , there 's no reason why we shouldn 't spend our time here in blissful anonymity . I could live spending six days in this suite . But we 're gonna have to order out . The food here bites . Who in their right mind would eat kidney pie ? It says here , " King Thomas is missing on the battlefields of France . The Sheriff of San Francisco has been named 'Acting Regent of the Western Americas' until Prince Harold can be crowned next week . " Forget about the war in France . This is the good stuff . " The Playboy Prince Caught in a Love Nest with Teenage Vixen and her 80-Year-Old Grandmother . " I can 't believe people in the 20th century would actually allow themselves to be governed by a monarchy . Oh , they are undoubtedly waiting for a precocious college kid from another world to teach them the error of their ways . That might explain why they keep bowing to us . TV announcer : And now , His Honor , Maximillian Arturo , - Sheriff of San Francisco . - Sheriff : We 're back . As part of my " Contract with America , " I have enacted a middle-class tax cut . Starting today , you middle-income commoners will only have to pay 74 % of your gross earnings to my government ... a generous 2 % decrease . So much for blissful anonymity . What 's gonna happen when they find out he ain 't him ? I don 't know ... and I am certainly not sticking around to find out . Yes , but for the moment , you are still the sheriff . There 's no sense leaving empty-handed . Sometimes , Miss Wells ... you frighten me . Yes , my good man . I want a car sent around immediately . I want you to fill the trunk with the finest cheeses and fresh fruit you have . I want every single contemporary periodical and newspaper ... and I want all the cash from your register . Say what you like about the monarchy ... I find it refreshing to live in a world where plastic American vulgarity has been replaced by traditional British pride in craftsmanship . Not to mention , British engineering . This is fascinating . George Washington was hanged in 1779 , a mere footnote in British Colonial history . Oh , that is fascinating . Without the inspiration provided by the Founding Fathers , none of history 's other revolutionary movements were successful . This world is run by a handful of monarchies . You mean the French Revolution never happened ? The Russian Revolution ? The Chinese Revolution ? What about the sexual revolution ? It 's always been my favorite . We 're not getting anywhere . Let 's take a break . Well , look at the bright side , folks . In our world , this beautiful glade is downtown Oakland . I can 't believe this Prince Harold guy . What an idiot . He only likes women " under 20 or over 60 . " And look at this ... he 's quoted as saying that poor people have " chosen to be poor , because otherwise , they 'd be rich . " Now remember what we agreed . We are just tourists . Let 's not be judgmental . Just look at the guy . He looks like " Alfalfa . " How does a guy like that get to be king , anyway ? - It 's the army . - No , no , on the contrary . In fact , history shows that military elites tend to depose rather than impose a monarchical hierarchy . No , I mean it 's the army . Soldier : This is a restricted area . Stay exactly where you are . Now this is like downtown Oakland . Keep your hands where I can see them . Sheriff , I didn 't expect to see you here . Ah . Well ... now you see me . Are you here to oversee the operation ? Well , that sort of thing . We 've got shotgun shells , so there 'll be no question that it 's a hunting accident . - Very good . - Sir , are these people ... ? Er , ahem ... Do you want to ride with us so you can witness it firsthand ? Oh , I ... I have made my own arrangements , thank you so much . Carry on . Yes , sir . Target ? Sounds like they 're planning to ambush some guy in the woods . They 're setting up a murder . We 're tourists . Not our problem . I know we decided not to interfere , but come on ... these guys mean business . Good God ! Stay down . I will deal with this . What 's going on ? Who are you people ? Hold your fire ! Those sheriff 's deputies were gonna whack you , buddy . Oh , my God ... Quinn , Quinn ! Don 't you know who this is ? Tell him who you are . Harold III , Prince of the Americas , heir to the British throne ... of course . And you are ... ? Hey , look ... things could be worse . We got a new best friend and he 's gonna be king . That 's got to be good , don 't you think ? Except for the fact that we 're in the middle of a plot to assassinate him , I couldn 't agree more . Let 's just deposit him somewhere safely , and move on , eh ? No involvement high or low . Sheriff , I 'm getting rather hungry . - Should we head back to the estate ? - Now , listen to me . I 've told you this once before , I do not want to tell you it again , I am not your sheriff ! There is a certain superficial resemblance and that is all . Indeed ... and I am not Prince Harold , and this is not my game reserve . And you are not long for this Earth . What the devil ? Stripped clean . Where 's the timer ? It 's in my pocket . Move it ! Sheriff ... do something . Not now , Harold . " ' My , my , my , ' said the spider to the fly . " Look who 's wandered into Raider territory . " Raiders " ? You 're not the " Oakland Raiders " ? If you know who we are , little brother , why are you stupid enough to come down here ? Because we 've been looking for you ... to join your fight . Easy words to say at the point of a gun . I 'll prove it . I bring you , as prisoners The Prince of Greater Britain and the Sheriff of San Francisco . Oh , wait , wait . I 'm not ... Take them ! I am not ... Listen to me ... they 're worth more to us alive than dead . - Quiet ! - What is it you want , justice ? - Food and shelter ? - We want our brothers and sisters out of jail ! As long as these hostages are alive , the government will give us anything we want . - And the sheriff knows it . - We 'll see about that . - Do it right now . - Follow me up . I don 't understand . What do these people want with us ? It has something to do with avenging social injustice . Why ? What have I ever done to them ? Try this ... you are disgustingly rich and they are pathetically poor . But how ? You told me America has the highest gross national product of all the colonies . I told you no such thing ! L ... oh ... oh , let 's forget public policy . Let 's concentrate on staying alive , shall we ? How 's it going in there ? They 're debating whether to hang you now or chop you to pieces . Or hold off until all political prisoners are released from prison . The important thing is we have to keep everyone together - until we can get to the slide . - That 's five days from now . Sheriff ? What is she whispering about ? Oh , explain to this blithering idiot , will you ? Just relax . Your Highness , I apologize for the inconvenience . We 're going to do everything that we can to guarantee your safety . I promise ... even if it means we have to take him with us . Would you mind sitting still ? Sorry . Sheriff : Now I know people say , " Sheriff , you 're the only point of view we 'll ever need . " But today I want to do something different . I want to throw open the last segment of our show to my critics . Now , I want this to be a genuine exchange of views . Whatever you think about the king , his policies , or me , his humble servant , well , now 's the time to get it off your chest . All right , who 's going to be first ? I think you 're doing a great job . I love the new format . Thank you . And welcome back , Ms. Miller . But frankly , you look terrible . Have you lost weight ? Well , I 'm sorry that I 'm looking terrible . Especially to you . I know what it is ... it 's the strain of working around the clock covering up for the prince . I know that you 're doing the best that you can , sir , but it 's the prince 's fault . All our tax money going for his coronation , his girlfriends ... there 's nothing left for the little people . Everyone knows that I am the servant of His Royal Highness and of his appetites . He is royalty , I am a public servant . You 're too kind . You 're too generous . Let 's have a big hand for Ms. Miller . You know , there are moments like this when you sense the goodness of the people of America . Thank you , ma 'am . All right , we 've got time for one more question . Sir ? Welcome . L ... believe that ... taxation should be limited to what 's necessary for services rendered by the government for the people . And furthermore , I think the Oakland Raiders have it right when they say that the people should be allowed to govern themselves . The monarchy should keep it ... Well , sir , I 'm afraid the people have answered for me . Which is , of course , why ... - everything I say ... - Recorded audience : " Is right ! " Soldier : Let 's go . Cut ! Hendrick ! He criticized my taxation policy ! I know this segment feels uncomfortable , but it 's getting across the " Everyman " quality we 've been working so hard to establish . Now , look here . Since we initiated " Talk Back , " your ratings are up 26 % among women 35-49 , and among white males you 're back up to 98 % , plus or minus 4 % . Bottom line ? A few negative respondees are statistically insignificant . They 'd be completely insignificant if we had them killed . Excuse me , sir . We just received a fax from the Oakland Raiders . " Prince Harold and the sheriff will die unless the following list ... " what is this ? Obviously a bluff , sir . You 're not a hostage , - you 're right here . As for the prince ... - He 's dead , right ? The prince is dead ? We left him in the woods following your instructions . My instructions ? I gave no such instructions . We discussed this yesterday in the woods . You told me not to harm him . I was in this studio all yesterday afternoon . How could I have been in the woods ? Do I have to do everything myself ? Of course not , sir . I 'm sorry , sir . I want every living thing in those woods destroyed . Do you understand me ? Burn them down if you have to . I want Prince Harold 's head on a platter , or I will have yours . Do you know , my father was the most popular monarch of this century ? The people adored him . But they can 't stand me . You should hear the kind of lies they write about me in those tabloids . Then it 's not true about the wild orgies while the peasants starve ? About playing with the electric trains while the cities burn ? I do like trains ... but the rest is nonsense . It 's been Sheriff 's policy not to dignify those scandal sheets with a response . Did it ever occur to you that maybe the sheriff is not acting in your best interests out there ? Look , Your Highness , you have to believe me . He 's not the sheriff . He just looks like him . You just don 't get it , do you ? You were being set up ... by your good friend and benefactor and public relations guru , the sheriff . Nonsense . Why , that 's the sort of paranoia enemies of the Crown have been trying to incite for hundreds of years . Tell me something . You get to be king , you rule the land , right ? Assuming we get out of here alive . - And if you die ... ? - I 'm the last of my line . It would throw everything into confusion . I suppose the next in line of succession would be ... The sheriff . Guard , let me out . Good thing we decided to stay " uninvolved . " Try to stay calm . " Stay calm " ? I 'll stay calm ... when the sheriff and his government come storming through this place . How are we supposed to stay alive until the slide and stay together all the time ? You got any ideas ? The palace has rejected every one of our demands ! What 's going on ? Brutality is the only language these devils understand . They 'll see we 're serious . Quinn ! Quinn ! - Quinn , do something . - Get the video camera . We 'll give those murderers some " breaking news . " - Don 't hurt them . - They deserve to die . Don 't you see ? You 're playing directly into their hands . Now listen , I have told you before , I am not your sheriff , I am a professor of physics from a parallel dimension . Shut up . Roll the camera . - Do something . - Aide : Rolling . Look , this isn 't the sheriff . The sheriff 's broadcasting live . Listen to me . If you kill these men you 'll be signing our death warrants . The palace wants them dead . You 're doing the sheriff 's work for him . - Let him speak . - Kill them ! Put the gun down . Just for a second , put the gun down . I brought these men to you . Hear me out . Sheriff : At times like this ... I find it most troubling ... If you kill these men , they 'll be martyrs . Violence begets violence . Don 't you get it ? Look at Northern Ireland . - What 's Northern Ireland ? - Let him speak . Power doesn 't come from the barrel of a gun . " A chicken in every pot . " You know what I 'm saying ? - " Rob from the rich and give to the poor . " - Raiders : Yeah ... " Give a man a fish , he 'll eat for a day . Teach a man to fish , he 'll eat for the rest of his life . " - What 's he talking about ? - The man 's making sense here . " Ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country . " " What 's it profit a man to gain the world and lose his soul ? " Come on , brothers , let 's fight for what we believe in ! So much for " non-involvement . " - " Power to the people ! " - Raiders : Power to the people ! - Power to the people ! - Power to the people ! Rob from the rich and give to the poor ! Ready ? In five ... - Go , go , go . - Four , three ... two ... Good evening , my friends . I speak to you tonight at a crossroads for this colony , a time when it seems to many of you that the fabric of this Empire is frayed . War in France , lawlessness on our streets . Let me say this ... your sheriff feels your pain . And to those of you who would , in your frustration , lash out against the bulwark of this society , I say this . Let us build and not destroy ; together , let us create a kinder , and a gentler nation . But to those of you who would advocate violent revolution from below , who have aided and abetted Quinn and the Raiders in their terrorist campaign , let me say this ... the monarchy will prevail ; Prince Harold will be returned safely ; and the Raiders will be eradicated . Law and order will be restored ! - God save the King . - Recorded audience : God save the King ! Does he have to do this ? I don 't think he 's going anywhere , do you , Charlie ? - Charlie : Rebecca 's orders . - Quinn 's orders . - Thank you . - I brought you some more books . That 's very kind of you . You are extraordinarily beautiful . Do you know that ? Yeah , well ... you 've been held hostage in the boiler room too long . I suppose it 's an impossible combination , you being a revolutionary and me being heir to the crown . I 'm no revolutionary . I told you before , we 're just passing through . Look , do me a favor , Harold , okay ? Don 't go all goopy on me . Things are complicated enough . No , of course . Quite right . Okay . Miss Wells , when this is all over ... assuming it ever ends and I get out of it in one piece ... do you suppose we might be able to see one another on a ... well , you know . You mean , like a date ? Jeez , Harold , everything 's sort of up in the air right now . Why don 't we just keep it strictly professional for the moment ? Okay ? Are you in love with Quinn ? Look , even if I was , that 's not the point . Harold , you 're a great guy , it 's just ... it 's a matter of timing . Anyway , you 're gonna be king ! I work in an electronics store with Mondays and Wednesdays off . Of course . I get the picture . I really value you as a friend . Try and get some sleep , okay ? Guard ? Thank you . He 's got it bad , you know . Oh , please , you don 't know a thing about it . What are you gonna do ? Slide out of here the minute our time 's up . What about you ? - What about me ? - You 're the big folk hero . What 's going on with you and " Ms. Urban Terrorist " ? Rebecca ? Her boyfriend 's in the sheriff 's jail . - I 'm not getting in the middle of that one . - That 's not what I heard . What have you got against her , anyway ? Oh , nothing much , other than the fact that she tried to kill all of us . Little things like that . How quickly they forget . Forget what ? How about we decided , " no involvements " ? I told you , I 'm not involved . Yeah ... - Wake up . - What ? The prince is gone . Oh ... ! Get up , Professor . Let 's go , Rembrandt . Yeah , he 's gone . He must have climbed up the table and out this vent . Who left him untied ? Do you know what you 've done ? He 'll go to the sheriff and he 'll bring the army right to us . - No , he won 't . - Why not ? Because the sheriff 's gonna kill him first . I 'm the one that let the cat out of the bag . I wish you 'd let me come with you . - Too dangerous . - Then take some of these other guys with you . The sheriff 's declared martial law . I 'm less conspicuous on my own . Don 't worry . I know what I 'm doing . Just be careful , okay ? If I 'm not back in 24 hours , you guys slide without me . Excuse me . Man on loudspeaker : Quinn Mallory , by order of the Sheriff of San Francisco , you are under arrest ! Get off me ! Somebody , help ! Get off me ! Somebody help me ! Technician : Test , test , one-two , test . Testing , one-two . Ladies and gentlemen , thank you for coming . For three days and nights , this city has been held in the grip of terror . As of 0900 hours this morning , Quinn Mallory is being held under maximum security at the Men 's Correctional Center . I want to share the credit for this with my deputies and thank them for their courageous and expeditious handling of this matter . - Will he be executed ? - I 'm glad you raised that question . - Of course , he 'll be executed . - When ? Wait a minute ! First he has to be found guilty by a court of law . But assuming we can impanel the judges , I would say we 'd probably be ready to do it by midnight . Bloody devil ! What do we do ? Here 's what we do ... they kill Quinn Mallory , and we start a campaign of random bombings that will make the angels weep . - Violence isn 't the answer . - We tried it your way . Violence is the only answer . - You 're wrong . - Raider : It 's the prince . You have a bloody lot of gall coming back here . Hear me out . I left last night hoping to broker a peace with the sheriff to relieve all this suffering . I realize after what I 've seen in our streets , how naive and foolish I 've been . Wait a minute . With the prince behind us , - we can rally the people and storm the prison . - You and what army ? Just because you 're afraid to die for what you believe in , - doesn 't mean the rest of us are . - Don 't you understand ? We do not have time for a civil war , okay ? We 've got to be out of here at 12 : 17 a. m . Quiet ! I know how we can save Quinn ... and no blood need be shed . Technician : Test , test ! Live feed from the press room of the Royal Prison . Check-check-check . Full house . Give people an exhibition , they beat a path to your door . Hendrick : I don 't need to tell you how important this execution is . Polls show Quinn Mallory made quite an impression on the middle class . Not so much the high-end commoners , obviously , but the poor will follow him to hell and back . So we 've got some wood to chop , particularly if we want to make a grab for the crown in the next month or two . - No problem . - You don 't anticipate any last-second heroics ? Never underestimate the foolishness of your opponent . That 's why I 've stationed a hundred marksmen on every rooftop downtown , and a battalion of guardsmen outside the jail . - Yeah ? - Is the boss there ? Yes ? Excellent . Right . Start the countdown . Bring him in . We 're on . God , I look good . Do you want this one ? - That one 's fine . - I 'll set them here . Rebecca Turn around ... very slowly . Who can operate these cameras ? Don 't even think about it . Prince : Let 's go over it again . What am I supposed to say ? Three minutes until air and 21 minutes until we slide . You 're going to expose the sheriff , pardon Quinn , and introduce the concept of democracy . - Democracy ? - I knew we forgot to tell him something . Guard : Back up ! Back up ! We 're gonna enjoy watching you fry . Other one . Sit down . From the top ... the First Amendment guarantees ... ? - " Freedom of speech , religion , and assembly . " - Good lad . The Second ? - " Right to bear arms . " - Scratch that one . Wait a minute . This is not multiple choice . This is the Bill of Rights . They don 't know that . We 're the Founding Fathers now . It 's a grave responsibility . We don 't have time ! The Fourth Amendment protects against " unreasonable search and seizure , " right ? The Fifth provides for " due process and the right against self-incrimination . " The Sixth ... What 's the Sixth ? " Equal rights for all , regardless of race , religion , or musical preference . " - It is not ! - It is now . 18 minutes until the gateway opens . Oh , the hell with it . You 're on your own , lad . Wing it . Good evening , ladies and gentlemen . It 's so nice to see you back again . Before we go live to the execution , I have prepared a few remarks ... Prince Harold , you 're on ! Firstly , I would like to say how right ... Citizens of the British Empire , I am Prince Harold . What the hell 's going on ? Prince : For many years , I have taken a back seat in the affairs of this government , while scurrilous lies have been proclaimed against me . Prince : Now is the time to make a stand . A slight technical difficulty . However ... Is he calling you a liar , Sheriff ? Prince : I myself was taken in by this individual . It is only the few days that I 've had with Mr. Quinn Mallory and the Oakland Raiders ... I assure you that this government is firmly in control ! The Sheriff of San Francisco has abused his office , has promulgated a pattern of graft and corruption , and is therefore , by the powers vested in me by the Second Magna Carta , dismissed from his post and relieved of his duties . Trooper : In the name of the King , sir , come with us . Sheriff : What the devil is going on with you ? ! Hendrick , come back here , you little worm ! This colony has been under the bootheel of one man ... Guard : What 's he saying ? Is it possible ? - I can 't believe it ! - What 's going on ? The Prince is pardoning you . He 's saying the sheriff betrayed the Empire . How can that be ? What is happening ? Let me out of here . Now ! Come on ! Open it ! Open it ! Come on , open it up ! Open it up ! Come on ! Reporter : Sheriff , would you please answer the question ? Sheriff : You ? ! You better not be around when I ... Two minutes . Come on , for crying out loud . What 's keeping him ? - Do you have the timer ? - It 's here . Please , God , let that be him . You 're cutting it kind of close , aren 't you ? - Are you okay ? - Yeah . All right , let 's go , Professor . Goodbye , Your Royal Highness . This is the remainder of the Bill of Rights . Use it wisely . And remember , the reason why the sun never sets on the British Empire is because God doesn 't trust the British in the dark . Here 's some other stuff for later . Thank you ... for everything . Will I ever see you again ? I can 't promise that . L ... I guess this is goodbye . Miss Wells , would it be completely appalling , at this time , to inquire whether perhaps you might consider staying on with us ? What I mean to say is ... will you be my queen ? Take care of yourself . Yes , well ... worth a try . What does it say ? " We hold these truths to be self-evident : That all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness ... and James Brown is acknowledged as ' The Godfather of Soul . " ' Who 's James Brown ?
