 Can somebody get that hole a bit nearer the ground sometime ? Well , wherever we are , it 's roughly six and a half weeks till the next world . I 'm getting awfully tired of the landing on my butt . Can 't you do something about that ? You know I can 't . I think you ask just to annoy me a little . Actually , I ask to annoy you a lot . Little by little I 'm getting even with you , Q-Ball ... I 'm telling you ... for dragging me into this cosmic mess . Well , maybe our journey 's at an end . Take a look around . If this is home , there should be a news vendor 's called " Bernie 's " just at the entrance to the park . Wait a minute . I recognize this place . If we 're home , they should be selling the best hot pretzels in the world . Ah ! A sign . A very good sign . They look every bit as good as the pretzels in our world . Fine , let 's keep moving . Maybe we can head downtown and see if we 're really home . Ah-ah-ah , don 't be too hasty , Mr. Mallory . A taste test might be ... quite appropriate at this juncture . I got 31 c . I 've got a $ 5 bill , but I am not wasting it on a lousy pretzel . " Wasting it " ? I haven 't eaten since yesterday . None of us have . And why should you get to have a pretzel ? I 'd like a pretzel just as much as you . This is ridiculous . We 'll divide it two ways . Three ways . Four ways . It would help to have a larger sample to be certain . But I 'm reasonably sure that this pretzel is identical to those at home . Vendor : Would you folks mind holding it down ? You know the President 's about to speak ? You mean , President Clinton ? Of course I mean Clinton . Who else ? That clinches it , we 're home . You know , I feel sorry for the Prez ... being married to that loudmouth . It 's no wonder the Republicans are taking control . Ladies and gentlemen the President of the United States . My fellow Americans , I speak to you tonight from the White House . The recent compromises in my health care reform ... What if you could find brand new worlds right here on Earth , where anything is possible ? Same planet , different dimension . I found the gateway . According to the almanac , the U.S. Congress , the board of directors of just about every company on the Fortune 500 ... all female . And look who 's the Pope . Hey , check out the " Sports Monthly " Swimsuit Edition . It 's men in tiny Speedos . Evidently we 've landed on a world where women are in authority and men are relegated to a second-class status . Gender discrimination 's no laughing matter , regardless of who has the upper hand . Listen to " Professor Equal Opportunity " all of a sudden . Come on you two , we 're tired and we 're cranky . Besides , we have more immediate concerns . We 've got six and a half weeks on this world , and there 's about $ 3.98 left in the kitty after the Professor 's pretzel . Unless we want to spend the night sleeping in the park , we 're going to have to get a job . Sure , I understand . Thanks anyway . Any luck ? No dice . The only jobs I 'm qualified for are a nanny situation out in Napa , and a nude photographer 's model . How 's it going with Rembrandt ? Another $ 7.00 . I 'll be glad when you guys find work . I 've been singing seven hours straight . - You 're not supposed to abuse your instrument like this . - Keep it up , Mr. Brown . Another couple of songs and we 'll be able to afford a motel room . You don 't sing ? Ah ... ah . Oh . What 's that ? Cheese . That is not cheese . Brie is cheese ! Camembert is cheese . This is yellow plastic . I 'll take it . Ugh . Oh ... How 'd it go ? I got the job ! Yes ! Bananas ! Fresh fruit ! It 's fantastic . I 'm overseeing the computer installation in the mayor 's office . It 's so cool . She 's this incredibly together woman . Oh ... I even got a cash advance . Maybe now we can move to a bigger motel room , and I won 't have to sleep in the bathtub . Ah ! Cheese ! Wait , it gets better . Lois Auchincloss is the mayor 's executive administrator . There 's an election coming up and they 're restaffing for the campaign . I think I can get you guys jobs ! Room 511 , that would be ... Here we go . Hold it ! Allow me , madam . It would be my pleasure to press your button . - Five . - Oh , you 're going to the fifth floor too . There you are . Chivalry is not dead . How lucky for us . Oh , a woman with a dry sense of humor , how delightful . A man who presses buttons , how interesting . There 's far more to me than a sense of gallantry , madam ... as you yourself could find out over a fine candlelit dinner . Now , that 's very tempting , but I don 't like large men , or men with beards , or phony English accents . Other than that , you might have had a chance . - Morning , Ms. Ross . - Good morning . Congratulations , Professor ... you just hit on the mayor . Ouch . Mayor Ross 's office . Unbelievable ! We 've been waiting for nearly an hour . Take it easy , Professor . They 're probably in a meeting . At the risk of appearing sexist , I would venture to say it only goes to show that women have difficulty with schedules . No wonder this society 's in the mess it 's in . " Bold leadership for the 21 st century . " With her scheduling , she 'll probably be three years late for that . What does she know about leadership anyway ? Half the society 's in chains . Just goes to show , gentlemen , when a woman is intoxicated with power , she can be every bit as misguided as a man . Mr. Mallory . Sorry to keep you waiting . I 'm Lois Auchincloss , Mayor Ross 's executive administrator . Come this way , please . Attitude adjustment , Professor . Try and stay cool . Go and get a job , boy . - Wish me luck . - Back at you . Mayor Ross 's office . So you gonna be looking at that sports page ? And read about women basketball players ? I 'd sooner watch paint dry . Excuse me . I couldn 't help overhearing . You seem to possess a pretty radical outlook . You don 't know the half of it . Danny Eizenbach . Your friend said you 're some kind of professor ? I 'm Maximillian Arturo . Regent 's Professor of Cosmology and Ontology at the University of California . Nice to meet you . If it 's any consolation , I had an interview scheduled two hours ago . Not for the job in the mailroom ? No , no , no , no . I 'm a journalist . " Gentleman 's Quarterly . " It 's a men 's magazine . Mostly fluff , but once in a while , we print something serious . Listen , if this thing with the Ross campaign doesn 't pan out , let me know . I have something that might interest you . - That 's a nice jacket . - Oh ... thank you . I understand you 're Wade 's boyfriend . Wade 's great . She 's gonna have a bright future here . You 're a lucky guy . Thank you . Have a seat . So the job 's fairly straightforward . We 'll need you to open the office around 8 : 30 , and make coffee for everybody ... I thought I was here to run your data processing system . Oh . Do you type ? Sure . I mean that 's ... part of it , yeah . Well ... a handsome man with typing skills ... more than we bargained for . In addition , we 'll need you to wear nice clothing , tapered jackets , print ties ... no bolo or string . What you have on is perfect ... for a receptionist . Do you have any questions for me ? Good . Then we 'll see you bright and early . That 's it ? I got the job ? What more do you want ? Congratulations . Oh , Quinn ... tell Wade she 's got great taste . Hey , hold the elevator . Thanks . Thank you . It 's weird . I got the impression she was sizing me up like a piece of meat . - You got the job , though ? - I guess . I start tomorrow . How 'd you do ? It seems they have no use for a middle-aged professor of physics in the typing pool . Professor ! Professor Arturo . I 'm glad I caught you . You got a couple of minutes ? I 'd like you to meet a friend of mine . What have we got to lose ? I 'll see you two later . Gentlemen , I am the first to admit that women are men 's equals ... frankly , we couldn 't do without them . But to allow one gender absolute power over another , is to invite chaos . Well ... ahem ... to be frank , that 's kind of what we wanted to talk to you about . You see ... some of us are getting rather sick and tired of the " glass ceiling , " Professor . If you are born a male , you can only go so far , unless you 're a domestic or you want to teach in a nursery school . Danny : In business , in military , we all know the score . Or politics . Now , we believe that a man is just as capable of holding an elective office as a woman . That 's the whole reason this movement started . Now , we 've got a month and a half until the next election . We have been turning over every stone looking for the right candidate . And now we 've found him . - Me ? ! - You . With God 's help and a little luck , Maximillian Arturo will be ... the next mayor of San Francisco . All : Hear , hear ! It must have been quite a dinner . Oh , it was , Mr. Mallory . A veritable feast . Champagne , caviar , veal cordon bleu , and crepes suzette . Okay , but , come on . Just because they buttered you up and bought you dinner ? You can 't be serious . - I am extremely serious . - What about what you 're always preaching ? " No involvement with the locals . " My thinking on that matter is subject to a process of evolution . He sounds like a politician already . The men of this world are laboring under a political system that is every bit as onerous as that of Communist China . Now , if I can advance the cause of equality , or even raise public awareness of the issue , then I shall consider my time here well spent . He 's flipped . On the contrary , Miss Wells , I have never been more sane . Aren 't you forgetting something kind of important , Professor ? - What about the slide ? - And what of it ? The day of the election coincides with the day of our departure . I haven 't a chance of winning this election , but if I could make a reasonable showing , let others pick up the standard so that future generations may benefit . There 's no talking you out of this , is there ? No , Mr. Mallory ... there is not . That 's great . You 're beautiful . - You 're beeping me ? - Mm-hmm . You 're good . Thanks . No , I mean , you 're really good . What are you doing singing for small change ? My friends and I just got into town , and ran a little short of cash , so I thought I 'd take advantage of my gift . " Gift " ... that 's a good word for it . - I 'm Serena Braxton . - Rembrandt Brown . Well , Rembrandt , I 'm kind of in the music business myself . I could introduce you to some record producer friends of mine . They 're always looking for new talent . No , really ? I mean ... I mean , you 'd do that for me ? Why don 't we discuss it over lunch ? Hop in . Man ... Hey , I 'm all yours . Not yet , honey , but you will be . Maximillian Arturo standing for mayor . Madam , I hope I get your vote . Maximillian Arturo standing for mayor . Sir , I trust I can get your vote ? Election day is coming up . We 're gonna need your vote . Maximillian Arturo standing for mayor , madam . Ridiculous ... you should be ashamed of yourself . Ignorant bovine ! Hostility is not gonna win us a lot of votes , Mr. A. Well what do you suggest ? Put a sticker on her bumper ? You know how it works . You have to schmooze ' em . Kiss a few babies ... like right over there . Here you go , take one of these . - You want me to kiss that baby ? - Got to get votes . Sir , I need to kiss your baby . - Father : No . - Wait , come back . Come on , stop being so ... Reporter : Mr. Arturo , Mr. Arturo ? Come here , sir , come here ! News anchor on TV : And finally , tonight , under the heading of " Believe it or not , " Carol Johnson with the story of the man who would be mayor . Johnson : Maximillian Arturo came to market to sell himself today , but no one seemed to be buying . San Francisco is known for the unusual , from hippies , to earthquakes , to trolley cars , but nothing has so captured the public 's fancy as the curiosity of a man who dares to buck the system . They laughed at Ross Perot . They still do . Of course they 're laughing . Look at the history of this place . Hundreds of years ago , women got sick and tired of watching men go off to war and kill each other , so they took over . There 's no war anymore , no violent crime . That 's beside the point . Then what is the point ? Face it , Professor , we are all tiptoeing around this great , big ego-trip of yours but the fact is , things are not so bad here . You are just upset because you feel devalued and overlooked because of your sex . Something that I have felt most of my life . No society is perfect , but maybe we ought to stop and think for a change before we go trying to upset the whole apple cart . Have you finished , woman ? The truth of the matter is , Miss Wells , you are in an unaccustomed position of influence , and you don 't wish to see it threatened . He 's impossible . Maybe you can talk some sense into him ... after all , I am only a woman . Yes . Wow . I 'm not sure I deserve this . First you buy me lunch , then you cook me this fabulous dinner . Cook ? Honey , what woman cooks ? I use a caterer . Oh . Yeah , well , it 's good . Sweetheart , where have you been all my life ? Ah , well ... that could take some explaining . Mm-hmm . Come on . Whoo ... ! I want to know everything about you . It 's not every day ... a woman meets the man of her dreams . Most guys are such golddiggers . All they care about ... is how much money you make ... what kind of car you drive . Not you , though . Well , so ... what about these record producers ? All in time . All in due time . I 'm gonna do something for you ... But first , you 're gonna do something for me . Mayor Ross makes great play of the fact that by removing men from positions of power in society aggression is limited . Now , please , my friends , please , let us join together and build a society of true equals . I want you there , folks . I want you there to vote for me ! We 're gonna affect changes in this society . We are going to build a dynamic society together ! It 's no longer going to be Mayor Ross and her cronies ... we 're gonna have some men in there ! Professor ! Good news ... Mayor Ross is agreeing to the debate . Yeah ! What ? Let me see that . It just came in . Head-to-head , single moderator , League of Men Voters . Just the way we asked for . I don 't get it . We have 7 % / % of the vote . What 's she frightened of ? Why do you think ? Look at these headlines . We 're getting all this media play . This campaign has triggered an enormous fault line in the American electorate . You 've hit a nerve no one knew existed , except for us . Is everybody all right ? We 're all right , it 's only a brick . You all right , Professor ? Yes ... as Ronald Reagan said , " I 'd rather have been in Philadelphia . " Who 's Ronald Reagan ? Hello ? Hold on . It 's for you . Arturo . Next time it 's a bomb . You won 't be warned again . Mmm , Serena , baby . Yes ! Ah ! This Earth traveling is all right . Yeah . Mmm . Lookit here , lookit here ! Aw , they fit too . What do we got ? Oh , yeah , I 'm coming down for that coffee . Oh , girl , you know how to treat a man . Goodness knows ... the girl 's got style . Phone , phone , where are you ? - Hello ? - Rembrandt ? - How 's it going ? - Man , I got something to tell you ! You wouldn 't believe last night . At least somebody 's having fun . Did you see the papers today ? There was a bomb threat last night at Arturo 's headquarters . - Bomb threat ? - I can 't talk long , but you 've got to back me up . This whole thing 's gone way too far . What are we supposed to do ? Ask him to back out of it ? Now that he 's seen the firestorm it 's causing , maybe that won 't be so tough . Not discounting his ego , though ... the publicity 's given the campaign a boost . Hold on a second . Rembrandt , I 'll call you back later , okay ? Man , I can 't wait to slide out of here . - She didn 't even call me . - Are you gonna call her ? And give her the satisfaction ? I 'm not gonna play mind games . Coffee . No thanks , I don 't drink coffee . Very funny . She 's asking you to brew some . You need some help ? It 's okay . I got it . Did you hear ? Maximillian Arturo is up to 20 % / % . - Pathetic . - Why is it pathetic ? Come on ! A man in political office ? Next you 'll be telling me men should fly airplanes . Who says they can 't ? Men have too much testosterone . Look at women ... they only cycle once a month , men cycle every 20 minutes . As many mood swings as I go through in an afternoon , - I wouldn 't want to be in charge of anything . - Boys , boys , boys . We are trying to run a political campaign here . Every call is a potential vote . Come on . Quinn , come with me . Come on in , Quinn . What 's going on ? We 'd just like you to have a look at something . And we 'd like your opinion . Go ahead and put it up . Female narrator : Just who is Maximillian Arturo , and what do we really know about him ? He claims to be a university professor , but when asked to provide an employment history he stonewalled . He says he wants to " share power with women " in his campaign . Have we forgotten the lessons of history ? Bombastic ego , unprincipled aggression , loud obnoxious behavior ? Max Arturo wants us to trust him with our children 's future . Can we take that chance ? Re-elect Anita Ross , because the alternative is no novelty act ... it 's dangerous . - What do you think ? - What do you want me to say ? You 're a man . Does it speak to you ? Wade , can I talk to you for a minute ? Excuse us . Good morning , " Ross for mayor . " - What the hell is going on ? - I had nothing to do with that ! Arturo is our friend , right or wrong . That stuff about his lack of academic credentials could only have come from you ! What are you talking about ? It was on the front page of " The New York Times . " - This is out of control . - Don 't blame me , okay ? I am not the one running for mayor . - I 've got to talk to Arturo . - What am I supposed to say to Mayor Ross ? Tell her anything you want . You know what ? Tell her I quit . Great . Male narrator : A man ... a dream , a vision . Professor Maximillian Arturo . A new kind of leader ... a sensitivity to the needs of all people , regardless of gender , political affiliation , or race . Professor 's voice : I am running because I really care . I favor the good things in life . I oppose the bad things in life . A vote for Arturo means you care , too . Together , we can make a difference . I don 't believe that anyone has ever captured my essence so beautifully . That moment when I changed that disgusting little brat 's diaper ... classic . Nice . You " oppose the bad things " and support " the good things " ? Really going out on a limb , I see . Aide : He 's addressed the core campaign issues . Now it 's time to let the people get to know the man within . Are you here on your own behalf , Mr. Mallory ? Or were you sent as a spy by that woman ? I quit her campaign , Professor . I came here to see if maybe I can 't talk some sense into you . Hmmm , well , you 're most welcome . I am sure you will have a considerable contribution to make from your political credit . How can I put it ? I feel exhilarated . I feel like Martin Luther King must have felt on the march on Selma . You cannot be serious about continuing the campaign . You made your point , but come on ! We have 23 % / % of the electorate . Tracking says we can only go up . Look , there are young boys on this world , young men who ... who can never dream of heading a company or being an astronaut , or even playing major league baseball . How could I let them down ? If you win this election ... you 're gonna stay here , aren 't you ? Hey , baby ! You home a little early , aren 't you ? Who are you ? I could ask that same question . Ed Dunleavy . Serena 's boyfriend . And what are you doing in my robe ? Boyfriend ? What do you mean , " boyfriend " ? She didn 't say anything about a boyfriend . Yeah , well , we broke up , but I know she still loves me . Okay , pal , where did she meet you , huh ? Don 't tell me ... a nightclub . It was kind of like that . I 'm kind of surprised ... 'cause you 're a heck of a lot older than her usual pick-ups . If I 'm a pick-up , how come I 'm cooking dinner and you 're the one dropping by for a visit ? Okay ... okay , I deserved that . Look , I 'm a musician , she 's a record promoter . It 's not like we 're getting engaged or anything . Oh ... now she 's a record promoter . She 's not a record promoter ? - Are you all right ? - I 'm sorry . My therapist says I 'm still ... working through my relationship with Mom . I 'm trying to recreate my sense of isolation as a child , so I get myself addicted to these ... abusive ... degrading ... relationships . Look ... I don 't mean to dump all this on you . Hey , it 's okay . Don 't you let her break your heart , " boyfriend , " 'cause she 'll steal your soul and never give it back . Damn , I need a drink . A star is born . So much self-confidence , faith in himself . Where does it all come from ? - It 's kind of a long story . - He 's unlike any man I 've ever met . There 's no stopping him . He doesn 't know a damn thing about running a city . Just let him get elected , we 'll take care of the rest . Hey , here he comes ! That 's him . Arturo ! Looking good . He 's got a gun ! Get Arturo in the car ! It was a man . Of course it was a man . When did you ever hear of a female assassin ? Wade , come on . There are always going to be counterrevolutionaries threatened by any change in the status quo . They think if men regain control wars will resume , children will be killed . You really can 't blame them for reacting like this , Professor . It 's not our world . You imposed your value system on people who just aren 't ready for it . Maybe you 're right . The question is , what do I do now ? It 's obvious . You withdraw from the race . I can 't withdraw from the race ... not after the consciousness that I 've raised . Think of the example it would set . It would be generations before another man would dare raise his head . You better think of something fast , Professor . We slide on election night , and the big debate 's tomorrow . I am a serious musician , you dig ? I 've got gold records at home on my wall . If only I could show them to you . Rembrandt , you don 't have to prove anything to me . I don 't ? Don 't you know how special you are ? I knew it ... the moment I set eyes on you , looking so fine on that street corner . I don 't like the idea of being just another notch in your belt . Guys with pass keys , silk undies in the closet ... Whoa , back up . I 'm a free agent . - I thought we were fine on all that . - We are , it 's just ... Then what 's the problem ? I 'm not really sure . And when I get home tonight , we 'll just put this whole unpleasant conversation behind us . Wait a minute ... " home tonight " ? Where are you going ? I told you , I have a business dinner . I made beef stroganoff . I slaved for hours ! And I thought afterwards we would go to The Blue Note . They have open-mike night . What do you expect me to do ? Change my plans ? If you loved me so all-fired much , you could spend a little time at home ! You don 't take my singing seriously , do you ? Don 't get your boxers in a bunch . If you want to sing , jump right in . You 've got my undivided attention . No , damn it ! You 're taking me for granted , Serena . - What about my needs ? - Needs ? That 's all I ever hear about are your needs . It 's getting to be a drag , Remmy . It 's over , kiddo . This just isn 't working for me anymore . - I don 't understand . - Hi , it 's Serena , do you have any messages for me ? Don 't let her get your goat . She wants the voters to see your male aggressive side . - Okay , okay . - Give ' em hell , man ! You knew I had to come by and give the Professor a little moral support . What happened to your fine friend ? As soon as they start to tie you down , I hear the sound of that lonesome highway calling my name . Then I know it 's time to move on . A man 's got to do what a man 's got to do . - Amen ! - Oh , yeah . I 'm gonna check the podium . Don 't want you to look too tall out there . Professor ? You 're all set with what you 're gonna say , right ? Will you stop checking up on me ? I find it impossible to think ! The Professor 's throwing the election . - What ? - Mr. Mallory has impressed on me certain uncomfortable realities . The truth of the matter is , I cannot simply withdraw from this election . It will destroy all those who have pinned their hopes on me . It will make it impossible for another man to stand for office . So ... I have decided - to pull a " Muskie . " - You 're going fishing ? I refer to Senator Edmund Muskie , the leading candidate in the 1972 election . He made the mistake of weeping in the course of a particularly difficult question , as a result , his candidacy was instantly destroyed because he was perceived as a weakling . They 're ready for you onstage , Mr. A. I 'm five points behind , one day to go . I have to give a performance in there that will convince them not to elect me . - Let 's do it . - Yeah . Arturo . Look , I have the greatest respect in the world for men . My husband is a man ... I have two sons whom I love dearly . I employ more males in my administration than any mayor 's office since the great National Plebiscite gave women control in the first place . As long as they work in the mailroom . - Ross : Excuse me ? - Nothing , please continue . Keep your cool , Professor . Ross : I simply don 't believe that men are cut out for leadership , or the kind of cooperative brainstorming that running a large city entails . That 's why I need your vote tomorrow . Remember , it is not about gender , it is about the future . All right . Come on , Professor . You can do it . I was going to ... address the problems of a society that calls itself a " democracy , " and yet disregards half of its population , but I just want you to know ... that what Mayor Ross just said really hurt my feelings . I 'm sorry . I don 't know whether it 's just the stress of the campaign or the expectations that people have of me , but right now , I 'm a nervous wreck . What the hell is he doing ? The attack ads ... the endless articles attacking my character and my credibility ... I hope you 're satisfied . You have hurt me more than words can say . I 'm sorry ... I 'm sorry . I can 't go on . - What ? - Goodbye . That was quite a performance . Well ... I guess I learned to cry over nothing just by watching you . Thank you , man . That means a lot . Here comes the " brain trust . " They don 't look too happy . It 's okay . " Insta-Poll " results . You 've alienated some of your core constituency , no doubt about it . Oh my . I 'm truly apologetic for that shameful display . Sorry ? Every talking head is saying how you mopped the floor with her . You should 've heard Cokie Roberts ! You 're a political genius , Professor . Give me that ! The sympathy factor ... you were sensitive and human , open and honest ... we 've got the momentum , Professor . I really think we 're gonna win this thing . News anchor on TV : In the early returns , Mayor Ross is leading Maximillian Arturo ... The network 's still saying it 's too close to call . All right , thank you . Two minutes , Professor , you 've got to make a decision soon . - I know , I know . - I brought us some goodies for the slide . - You 're cutting it close . - Don 't worry , I wouldn 't have missed this for the world . What 's he gonna do ? He doesn 't know yet . I just came from Ross headquarters . They 've got her three points ahead . She was 100 points ahead . You don 't still think you can win , do you ? I have never doubted it . - Do you want to bet ? - Name your stakes . If you win , I 'll give you a neck rub that 'll put hair - back on that pointy little head of yours . - And if I lose ? If we don 't make it home ... then you 're my slave for the whole next slide . Well , that 's hardly fair . Well , just how confident are you ? One minute , Professor . You 've got to make up your mind . News anchor : In a recent update , CNN has now declared incumbent Mayor Ross as the winner . Based on the exit polls , CNN just called it ... - for Ross . - Ha ! See ? Sorry , Mr. A. At least we gave it the good fight , huh ? Everybody ... ? When we started this campaign , we didn 't expect to win , we just wanted to make a good showing . Today , we have come that close . We lost the battle ... you will win the war . Thank you so much , and God bless you . I 'll go write a dignified concession speech for you . 10 seconds , Professor . - What are you gonna do ? - Let 's go . Thank God . Come on , Professor , we haven 't got all day . Rembrandt , you coming ? After you , Wade . Hey ... My luck , it 'll land on edge . Wait a minute ... CNN 's wrong ! They 've declared him the winner ! ABC and NBC say CNN 's all wrong ! They just declared you the winner ! Professor ? Water 's great , Q-Ball . Boy ? Boy , I need a refill , please . Thank you . How long till we next slide ? Nine days , five hours and 32 minutes . Tell me the truth . Did you vote for him ? Me either .
