 ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) Good morning , sir . How about a little breakfast ? How about a dozen grilled winkles on a bed of curried Rice Crispies ? I 'm not eating spicy stuff any more . Forgive me , sir , but you not eating spicy food is like a zebra not being stripy or an old lady not sitting on a park bench with her legs open . - May I ask why ? - It makes your breath smell like a liftful of senile donkeys returning from a garlic-eating contest . - That 's never bothered you before , sir . - Well , it bothers me now , OK ? It 's because of her , isn 't it ? She who must be drooled over . - You mean Kris ? - Whatever my feelings , sir , I will not be tempted into making petty criticisms of fellow crew members . There is the issue of the salad cream ... - The salad cream ? - I spent months training everyone to put salad cream in the fridge . Then she arrives and it 's back in the cupboard ! The first moon we come to , let 's dump her ! And what about the extra laundry ? There are all kinds of extraordinary items turning up - tights , bras , skimpy vests , little socks . It 's a massive workload . Frank is very upset . - Frank ? - The washing machine . I named him Frank . And what about the ironing ? How do you iron a bra ? You take it off first . I spent years practising . I 'd put my nan 's bra around the armchair and unhook it . Even now , whenever I see a Parker Knoll , I get horny . But have you ever ironed a bra , sir ? The only way I 've found is to stretch each container over my head and iron it there . On a hot cotton setting , it sends my optical systems into leak overload . - Cup . - Sorry , sir ? - Not containers . They 're called cups . - See ? I even have to learn new terminology , special female terminology - " cups " , " potpourri " , " depilatory cream " . - Oh ! It 's never-ending . - How come you don 't know what bras are ? - What about the women on the Nova 5 ? - When I cleaned my cache files , I erased my lingerie database . I 'd only need it if you wanted to go to a fancy dress party as Hermann Göring . Relax , Kryten . The scan probe returned the coordinates of the dimensional tear . This time tomorrow , she 'll be back in her own dimension . Well , you 're surely not upset , sir ? - If you 've got a problem with her , tell her . - I will ! There 's no point whingeing to me about it , say it to her . - Hi , guys . How 's it going ? - Morning , ma 'am ! Sleep well ? - Coward . - Hypocrite . Not great , actually . I had this weird dream about a monkey being stretched across a tennis court . The noise was just unbearable . Were you practising the guitar again last night ? So , what 's for breakfast ? Oh , what 's this doing in here ? Hold me back ! Hold me back ! Don 't you see , sir ? These deviations from Space Corps drill put our lives in jeopardy . She was only drying her tights on the radiator ! One day it 's drying tights , the next we 're spiralling out of control into the core of a newly-formed sun ! Sorry to interrupt , but we 've got problems . - All the hazard lights are flashing . - All of them ? On this ship , that means anything from " we 're under attack " , to " lunch is burning " . Either way , it 's serious . Getting a reading . There 's something up ahead . A shiny thing with a long silvery , glimmery thing behind it . It 's a phasing comet , velocity 25,000mps . - That 's what I said ! - Kryten ? How can I concentrate on a phasing comet when the salad cream 's getting warm ? Heading for tail . Plotting avoidance course . What 's the problem with going through it ? Last time anyone did that , the forces ripped the ship apart , turning the crew into potato salad . Is that the firm delicatessen potato salad or the squishy , gooey stuff in tins ? - Tins . - Maybe we should go around . We 'll make it . We 're a good crew . We 've been through a few things . Remember the Vidal Beast of Sharmutt 2 ? - The one that nearly killed us ? - No , the other one ! We can make it , OK ? - Do you know what a comet is made of ? - Are you suggesting I don 't know ? - What ? - You want to know what it 's made of ? - Yes . - He knows what it 's made of . - What ? - Sir , tell her , for goodness sake . - ( MOUTHS ) - So what 's it made of ? - I see , I see . Gas . Some kind of gas . - Some kind of gas ? Yeah , some gas ! Dunno what it 's called . Some gassy type of gas . - It 's made of ice . - Exactly . An icy type of gas . An ice gas . I hate to interrupt , but this thing is gonna hit us in about 45 seconds . I was only trying to save time so you could get home to your much better Lister . And I 'm trying to prevent us being scattered like cosmic seasoning ! - Here it comes ! - That wasn 't 45 seconds ! Oh , sorry ! I was reading the baked potato timer by mistake ! Will people not leave that here ! It makes us look like we don 't know what we 're doing ! Lateral trimmers not responding ! Like wrestling in treacle ... Cat says the trimmers are like wrestling in treacle ! No , I said they were down , then asked if you like wrestling in ... Anyway ... - Damage report , Kryten . - Auxiliary modulator 's short-circuited . And the chocolate dispenser 's ejected all the snack bars onto the galley floor ! - What 's happened to the stabilisers ? - Never mind that ! Where 's the hair mousse ? - Stabilisers unstable . - Nuttyfruit bars sliding about ! I 'm taking over control ! Hey ! What did I tell you ? Come to Daddy , baby ! I have control . It 's called a free-fall vacuum . We 're in between vapour streams . We can ride it across its tail . ( CRASH ) Or maybe not ! If we don 't go back , we 'll disintegrate in two minutes ! - Kryten ? - That 's a little pessimistic , sir . I 'd say more like three ! You know , I think we should turn around . Phew ! - Go on . Say it . - Say what ? - You know what . Say it . - You really want me to say it ? - Say it . - All right . - My Dave would never endanger our crew . - You had to say it , didn 't you ? And stop calling your boyfriend " Dave " ? I 'm Dave . He 's just an alternative version of me from a parallel dimension . He 's the anti-Lister . Well , whoever he is , I won 't see him . By the time we fix this mess , I 'll have missed the linkway ! I could 've got through if the thrusters had worked . According to the syscomp , we 're carrying too much weight . It 's Miss Kochanski 's laundry . Why will no one listen to me ? Those frilly things are heavier than they look . Let 's look in the hold and see what can be jettisoned . I 'll go . I could do with a breath of musty , fetid air . Sir , you didn 't deliberately damage the ship so that Miss Kochanski had to stay , did you ? No ! ' Course not ! Look , I 'm gonna check out the hold . Rimmer , man , you coming ? Did I say ... ? Why did I call you Rimmer ? I called you Rimmer , my God ! Cat ! Are you gonna make yourself useful or preen yourself all day ? - You mean I have a choice ? - Come on . I can 't believe I called you Rimmer . Yes ? As you may be with us for some time , ma 'am , may I go through some rules of the ship ? - Like what ? - Salad cream . Salad cream belongs in the fridge and not in the cupboard . Two - pants belong in the pants drawer and socks belong in the socks drawer . Having discovered a sock in your pants drawer , this obviously needs restating . Talking of my clothes , why do my bras come back from the laundry shaped like ... like your head ? - Three - the toilet seat fiasco ... - I don 't want to hear this ! Mr Lister hasn 't said anything , but I can tell he 's not happy . He 's not the only one ! Do you think I like flying around in a skip with thrusters ? I don 't even enjoy breathing on this ship ! And I 'm faced with some neurotic droid who 's obsessed with my pants drawer ! You mean I 'm not alone ? Oh , I see . You mean me . As long as we understand one another ! God ! Welcome to hell . Look . Rimmer 's old shoe trees . He had one for every pair of shoes . Gave them all names - Monshoetree , Tueshoetree , Wedshoetree . - What for ? - So they all had a day in his shoes . - What a smeg-head . - He had lots of funny little habits . - But now I see them for what they were . - Cretinous . No . Little human foibles that made Rimmer special . He was unique . Yeah , irritating , awkward and unsightly - the human equivalent of a visible panty line ! Well , we may as well start somewhere . - These can go ! - You can 't throw them out . They 're from when me and Rimmer played golf on Traga 16 . We had fun . You had fun with Rimmer ? I only had room for a nine-hole course , sir . It is a very small planetoid . Taking into consideration the thinness of atmosphere , sir , I 've made this a 15-mile hole , par three . Oh , good shot , sir ! ( LISTER ) Hey , watch this . Watch and weep . - Oh , smeg ! - Ooh , I ... I think it 's gone into orbit , sir . Tough luck , Listy . I 'll just pot mine and you owe me 50 big ones ! Look at him . In the right boots , he could be marching into Poland . Hey . - It 's Rimmer 's ball . - It must have gone round the planetoid . Well , no point bothering him about it , Krytie . Let 's go . It must be here somewhere . I 've been round the planetoid twice . No ball , no bet , man . Keep looking . Memories like that are just too precious to throw away . Hello there , sir . How 's it going ? We 're getting nowhere . He won 't throw anything away because it reminds him of good times with Rimmer ! - I must have blinked and missed them . - You don 't know what we used to do , like the locker room game . We 'd open up lockers of dead crew members and keep whatever we found . I don 't trust you , Lister . This game 's rigged . You always win . Last time , you got a gold wristwatch , and all I got was a box of 100 assorted tampons that glow in the dark . - Right , well , I 'll go first this time . - OK . - No , you can go first . - OK , I 'll have 68 . Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah ! - I 'll have 68 . - Fine . Uh ... No , you can have it . Why ? You chose that one because you think that I think that you 're cheating . So I 'll have it , and it 'll be useless . I 'm not falling for that one . You have it . Too smart for me , man . Hey , a gold necklace ... a bundle of cash ... and - hey ! - A nude wrestling video ! " Baked Bean Bombshells Volume 12 " . Right , well , I 'll have that one . - Number 58 . - OK . What the hell was that ? There 's a note . " People who break into lockers deserve everything they get , " you cheap double-crossing slimeball . " Sounds like they know you . See what I mean ? We had fun . It was great . It was fun . I 'll put the rubber room on standby , sir . About time , Cat . You 're late , man . Where 've you been ? Hello , Listy . Rimmer ! Smeggin ' hell ! What are you doing here ? I got fed up with adventuring . You know what it 's like , you save a couple of civilisations , and it gets a bit ... samey . - I thought I 'd find the old team . - It 's good to see you . Are you real ? As real as you can get , being a hologram . - So ... where 've you been ? - Argon 5 . I fought in the Belagosian War . I was decorated ... and used as a Christmas tree in the town square and fed chocolates all winter . Really ? No , I 'm only kidding . What do you know about kidding ? I just thought it was time I lightened up . Hey-hey ! Ahem ... So , er , what about you ? How 's it going ? Ah , y 'know . Same old Starbug . Same old travelling through space . I , um ... I hear you 've got a new crew member ? Yeah , Kochanski . What 's she like ? Oh , she 's OK , y 'know ... Is she ... as good as me ? Well , she 's been here a few weeks and hasn 't quoted one Space Corps directive . She 's pretty attractive though , isn 't she ? Is she ? I hadn 't noticed . She 's the type you don 't really notice . You know when you spill soup on your shirt and you don 't notice it ? She 's like that . So she 's ... not as attractive as me , then ? Don 't be daft . She couldn 't hold a candle to you , man . - Nah , you 're just saying that . - I 'm not . I 've , um ... I missed you , man . And I 've missed you , too , Listy . - Oh , Arnold , man . - Dave ! - Don 't ever leave us again ! - I won 't ! - You promise ? - Oh , Listy ! Oh , Rimsy ! Yaaaaarrrggh ! No ! Get off ! Get off ! Oh , it was just a dream . Thank God for that ! Just a dream . ( INAUDIBLE ) ... and another thing , she keeps her pants in her sock drawer . Have you any idea how long that takes to sort out ? You mean , you 've seen her pants ? You 're right , Kryten , I must be losing it or I 'd never dream stuff like that . Kissing Rimmer ? I 'd rather go bobbing for apples in a latrine at the Reading Festival ! I 'm sure this will help , sir . I 'll just insert my hypnotherapy disc . Now , just relax . ( SHOUTS IN GERMAN ) - What the hell ... ? ! - Sorry , sir . Wrong disk . That was my German language course . An extract from Hitler 's Nuremberg speech . Hypnotic , but not in the right way . I 'll just find the proper one . - What are you doing here ? - Looking for something to erase the memory of everything I 've ever experienced . A couple of gallons of medicinal alcohol should do it . Listen , for what it 's worth , I 'm sorry you missed getting back to Dave ... the hologrammatic hunk . That 's OK . I 'm sure you 'll have another chance to cock it up . - I suppose you must be missing him ? - Yeah , I am a bit . I know what it 's like to miss someone - the way they talk , the way they laugh ... - I know . - The way their nostrils flare like two railway tunnels leading into Snot Street Station . No ... you 've lost me there . So you 're missing Rimmer ? I dreamed about him , but he was different , all smiles and jokes and ... and stuff . I thought you guys didn 't get on ? We didn 't , that 's what 's so weird . He drove me crazy . The way he ate his food in alphabetical order , the way he only used three pieces of toilet paper - one up , one down and one to polish . - Didn 't he have any redeeming features ? - No . Well , yeah - sometimes he went out of the room . How did Rimmer come to be around , anyway ? Well , Holly brought him back to keep me sane , but he drove me mad ! Now he 's gone , maybe you feel guilty because you realise he was helping you . If he was helping me , why didn 't he lighten up a bit ? Maybe he sacrificed his happiness to keep you sane . But in your dream , he was different , a carefree , fun-loving Rimmer . A Rimmer who didn 't nag you into helping him catalogue his cheese collection . - You 're saying I had him all wrong ? - It wasn 't your fault . You had to hate him . It kept you going . I didn 't know . ( PARPS ) You know what I should do ? I should throw everything away and make a new start . Ah , sorry , Miss Kochanski , ma 'am . This is the medical bay , for sick people only . Surely you haven 't broken out in a confusingly-filed-pants rash ? Do you know how to extract a warm bottle of salad cream from a mechanoid 's rectal cavity ? - No , but I could research it . - I 'd start right now if I were you . - OK , sir , now . Just relax . - It 's all right , Kryten . I talked it through with Kochanski . - I feel a lot better . - That takes the biscuit . I turn my back for five minutes and she cures you ! - She was only helping . - It 's not the help I mind , it 's the fact that she succeeded . ( PARPS ) OK , guys ! I now declare games night officially open . Kris can have the honour of choosing the first game . And as you 're a bit sensitive , no games that involve dropping trousers and lighting stuff . That takes care of most of the repertoire ! Where 's Kryten ? I dunno , he should be here . OK , Kris ... name your game . All right ! I choose " The Magic Flute " ! - What 's that ? Sort of musical chairs ? - No , it 's an opera . " The Magic Flute " ? OK , we each hum a section of an aria , and the others guess which character is singing . - That 's a game ? - It 's more like medieval torture . No , it 's good . You can throw each other off the scent . Once , my Dave sang " The Birdcatcher 's Song " in the German translation . It was hilarious ! - We all totally fell about ! - You fell about ? - Yeah ! - Were you going through a meteor storm ? So what games do you play ? Match the body part to the crew member ? I love that one ! Armpit name that tune ? Guess whose botty is sticking through a hole in the curtain ? Shall I add that one to the slate , bud ? Games night is cancelled . If you 'll all follow me to the AR suite , I have something I think might amuse . ( BLEEPING ) I believe this is the answer to your dream , sir . Something slightly more effective than Miss Kochanski 's psychobabble . It 's my museum to Mr Rimmer 's memory . If anyone misses him , they can relive those great moments . It 's all in there - the man , the memories , the personality . - The ego . - I had to scale that down . - How did you compile all the exhibits ? - I recreated key events from his diaries . He kept meticulous records of life on board ship . Enjoy ! Welcome to The Rimmer Experience , a place of wonder , excitement and ... wonder . You are about to witness some heroic events which you may find impossible to attribute to any living person , but Arnold J Rimmer was a deeply remarkable man . Being the driving force behind the Red Dwarf mission , the fearless Rimmer diced with death on a daily basis . What ? It needed a strong mind and cool nerves to hold the crew together . Asteroid belt up ahead , sir . No , it isn 't , Kryten , you thick titanium plank . Those are broken fragments of a dying star compressed together under enormous pressure , causing them to compress into large fragments . You 're right , sir ... as usual . Such an elementary mistake ... as usuall - At times like these , I get really scaredI - Me tool Somebody save us before I wet me keksI That never happened ! I swear that never happened ! - I feel sick ! - It is a bit bumpy . It 's what I 'm seeing that 's making me sick ! See , Cat ? If you wear the green paisley shirt with twill trousers , you can be dignified and fashionable . Let me at him ! I 'm gonna kill him ! Twill ? What does he think I am ? A woodwork teacher ? Say , Rimmer 's a great guy . What would we do without him ? I owe my life to himI - Get me out of here ! - Wait . Here comes the best bit . ( MUSIC STARTS ) # If you 're in trouble he will save the day # He 's brave and he 's fearless come what may # Without him the mission would go astray # He 's Arnold , Arnold , Arnold Rimmer # Without him life would be much grimmer # He 's handsome , trim and no one 's slimmer # He will never need a Zimmer # He 's Arnold , Arnold , Arnold Rimmer # More reliable than a garden strimmer # He 's never been mistaken for Yul Brynner # He 's not bald and his head doesn 't glimmer # Master of the wit and the repartee # His command of Space Directives is uncanny # How come he 's such a genius ? Don 't ask me # Ask Arnold , Arnold , Arnold Rimmer # He 's also a fantastic swimmer # And if you play your cards right # Then he just might come round for dinner ... # I never wanna see or hear from that scum-sucking , lying , weasel-minded smegger in my entire life ! Sigmund Freud , eat your heart out ! # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
