 ( STIRRING MUSIC ) ( FLUSHING ) ( WHOOSHING ) Hello ? Testing - one , two , three . Hello ? Yes ! OK . Here we go . Ship 's log ... um ... one . I 've decided to keep a journal and send it off in a probe . Since turning 28 , I feel a new maturity about myself . I can 't remember the last time I urinated on Rimmer from D-deck ... No , wait a minute - Friday . But apart from that one lapse , I 'm up there with Abe Lincoln and Moses . Just recently we came across a craft , piloted by ourselves from 15 years into the future . We had a bit of an argument , and they attacked us . See attached ... - Another lock ! - Incoming message . You give us access to the data we require or be prepared to be blasted out of the sky . ( RIMMER ) Cat ! Dead . But there may be ... Kryten ! There may be a what ? A way out of this ? Is that it ? S ... speak , Kryten . How can we change what 's happening ? We were no match . They killed us and destroyed everything on board ship , including the Time Drive , which meant there was no Time Drive to bring back into the past to destroy their past selves in the present . Put simply , by killing us they killed themselves , because once we were dead it was impossible to become them and return in time to kill ourselves in the past that was the present . ( BUZZING ) Oh , smeg ! Explaining about our future selves again , sir ? - I thought I 'd have one more go . - That 's the third camera ! They can 't take it , sir . I 'm trying to explain that Starbug 's still damaged because anomalies have emerged to cope with the paradox . Oh ! Garbled , confusing and , frankly , duller than an in-flight magazine for Air Belgium . Just state our position and explain we 're down on supplies . All right ! All right ! This is Dave Lister of the JMC transport vehicle Starbug . We 're down on supplies . We need help . Out . By the way , we 're in space . Just passed a reddy moon . Coordinates enclosed . It 's about that shape . You can 't miss it . ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) ( LISTER ) Ship 's log update , Friday am . The battle with our future selves has had the most terrible consequences . Wiped out ? Kryten , man , they can 't be . I 'm afraid so , sir . The laser cannon breached the water tank and flooded deck B. - They didn 't stand a chance . - But surely ... There was nothing we could do , sir . So , you mean ... now we 've got no poppadoms at all ? No poppadoms , no curries ... All the Indian food supplies have been totalled . I 'll have to survive without them . - I 'll have salads . - Sir , you 're in shock . - You don 't know what you 're saying . - After all , it 's only curry . The enormity of it hasn 't sunk in . You must mourn , sir . You must mourn . - Me curries . - Oh , sir . Get it out . Cry like a baby . What am I gonna do ? Curry night was the one beacon I had . It made me feel like a normal ordinary guy , not some freak stuck in deep space - no woman , no hope , no curry . Worse still , a choice of only two alcoholic beverages - Cinzano Bianco or advocaat . - It 's a human tragedy . - No lager ? ! Sir , there is nothing unmanly in howling like a hungry prairie dog . - No lager ? ! - All the supplies on B-deck were destroyed , sir . There wasn 't even any wreckage , no debris , zip . God ... A few beers and a curry , it was the highlight of my week ! I looked forward to curry night , too . Seeing your little face all happy and smiling . Come rain or shine , we 'd always make time for curry night every Friday . - Saturday . - Sunday . - Tuesday . - Wednesday . And Thursday . Always the same meal - three poppadoms with mango chutney . - Those little onions . - Dill pickle . That Day-Glo green mint sauce that just doesn 't wash out . - The red stuff that no one knows what it is . - Then a shami kebab starter . Followed by a chicken vindaloo , kamikaze hot , with a fire extinguisher on standby . And two scoops of kulfi ice-cream . And two indigestion tablets . Oh , life without curry ? It 's like Laurel without Hardy , the Lone Ranger without ... that Indian bloke . Sir ... Perhaps you could learn to love pasta ? Pasta ? You sick ? You know the news ? All the curry supplies have been destroyed . We heard . As a mark of respect , on Sunday at 12 o 'clock we 'll have a minute 's flatulence . It 's nothing to you guys , is it ? Curries were my life . God , some of the nights ! I remember once on Orion , I drank a yard of vindaloo sauce , then went out on the pull . - It was a bet . - As mechanoids can 't vomit , please continue . I went to this club , started dancing with this Space Corps nurse . - Couldn 't hear her name . - Fido , was it ? - Lassie , possibly ? - She was very attractive , actually . Short skirt , ankle bracelet , took out her gum to eat her chicken in a basket . Class . All right , her teeth looked like half-open garage doors , but it was nothing a cosmetic surgeon couldn 't fix . - So what happened ? - I went over to her , leant in close , asked her to dance ... - For a few seconds , she didn 't answer . - She was probably concussed . A yard of vindaloo sauce ? You must have had breath that could shear sheep . - We started to snuggle up ... - I 'm not sure I want to hear this . Then all of a sudden ... a rumbling in me stomach . All I can remember is running across the dance floor , through the crowd . - Just made it . - So you didn 't get off with her ? All I got off was the loo six hours later . When I got back , everyone was gone . They had to wait for me to lock up . Nearly put me off curries for life . I didn 't have another one till the next night . What an enchanting little tale . Well , I 'm off to glug a couple of yards of vindi sauce , then if we happen to chance across planet of the snooty sex sirens , I can 't miss . Sirs , I suggest we carry out a thorough inspection of the ship . The altercation with our future selves caused dimensional anomalies which have expanded the cargo deck by 212 % . We should ascertain that the structures are stable . ( CAT ) Time has returned to the point before we discovered the time machine . So what 's to stop us going back on board the Gemini 12 and picking it up again ? We have to avoid all forms of time travel . It 's the only way of ensuring we don 't end up like our future selves . Surely we can use the Time Drive if we don 't abuse it like our future selves did ? - You know , if we 're sensible and mature . - And do what ? Go back in time to an Indian takeaway and order 500 curries . Sir , the scheme is irresponsible , moronic and preposterous ! All your hallmarks , bud ! One big takeaway order every two years and our problems are over . YOUR problems are over . OUR problems are just beginning . What about causality ? Interfering in the past , however minutely , always alters the present - cause and effect . Look , I 'm a curry-aholic ! I 've only got two taste buds that work . I need curry . We can 't take any more chances . I say the Time Drive stays where it is . I 'd rather wear sideways-pressed flares and a clip-on tie than agree with goalpost head , but this time he 's right . Oh , OK . OK . ( KRYTEN ) Since that completes the B-deck inspection , sirs , permission to off-line for the next 12 hours while I discard some old cache files ? How come you need more memory ? Over the years , you 've had more RAM than a field of sheep . My head is littered with unnecessary information , sir . The ability to sing the Bay City Rollers' greatest hits is no longer a priority . Crooning " Bye Bye , Baby " is usually more than sufficient . This clean-up thing , how does it work ? I simply attach my RAM to the ship 's computer and download the unwanted files into its trash . Your RAM 's in your head , isn 't it ? So you won 't be using your body ? - Why do you ask ? - Just interested . Robotics , it 's fascinating , isn 't it ? ( ALARM RINGS ) ( CLICKS ) ( CLICKS ) - Heavens ! I 'm head head ! - Shh ! - It 's only temporary . - I don 't understand . I want to go on a curry hunt . Kryten said no . What do you say ? I can 't go behind Kryten 's head . What would he say ? It 's deceitful , wrong and dishonest . I 'm in ! Those are emotions I 've longed to experience , but you 'll have to override my guilt chip and behaviour protocols . - OK . How ? - Press the catch behind my right ear . ( BLEEPING ) OK , here we go . My guilt chip . No behaviour protocols . Just call me " bad ass " ! I feel great ! Got all the beauty sleep I needed . Stayed awake all night . Hey , that smells good . What 's for brekkie ? Waffles , dripping in honey and jam with three fried eggs coated in cheese ! - That sounds as healthy as jumping off a cliff . - Healthy ? Who cares ? Pork away ! ( WHIRRS ) So , um ... Kryten , now that you 've had time to think , what about that curry hunt ? I meant to mention that . I overreacted yesterday . On reflection , I think it 'd be quite safe . - Safe ? - What about causality ? Causality ? Well , OK , one event causes another , but sometimes , you just gotta say , " Laws of time and space ? Who gives a smeg ? " I think what Kryten 's trying to say is ... - You 're smoking ! - Oh , is my generator overheating again ? - A cigarette . - Want one ? - Of course not ! - Should I go outside ? What Kryten 's saying is that it 's OK to go back in time and order a lake of vindaloo to go , right ? - You bet your ass ! - OK , so let 's do it . Kryten , can I have a word ? What is wrong with you ? You don 't smoke , you never say " bet your ass " , and you never use your groinal attachment to stir tea ! - I didn 't get any error commands . - You 've got no behaviour protocols . - Get a grip or we 'll be rumbled . - ( WHIRRS ) So uptight . ( KRYTEN HUMS FUNKY TUNE ) What is wrong with that demented Tonka toy now ? He 's got a bio-glitch in his transponder calibrations . It 's only temporary . Hey , Mr Time Drive ! OK , Kryten , we want the Taj Mahal Tandoori Restaurant behind the JMC building in London . - Back table . Quiet . - I 'll just get acquainted with the controls . - But you 've used it before . - Have I ? Yes , of course I have . Sorry . Stupid of me . Just programming it now , matey boy . ( GUNSHOT ) ( GUNSHOT ) Nice landing , Kryten . That was as smooth as Egyptian whiskey . Apologies , sir . I 'm not sure what I did then . This isn 't right . Where are we ? Well , according to the Time Drive , the date is November 22nd 1963 , and we 're in the city of Dallas . How come ? Gimme that thing ! I 've always been a bit of a whiz with these kinds of gizmos . You 're right . Dallas , ' 63 . No doubt about it . ( SIRENS WAIL ) Dallas ? Wasn 't that that place where that American king got assassinated ? - JFK . - No , John something , not Jeff Kay . J-F-K , not Jeff Kay , you gimboid . Like the airport . I studied him at school . Why would anyone name their kid after an airport ? Heathrow Lister . John , Paul , George and Ringway . Actually , that could work . - The airport was named after the president . - All right . We didn 't do 20th-century history at my school . It didn 't seem interesting . Apart from nuclear fusion and snazzy car adverts , they did nothing . The last human being alive and he 's got less brains than a monkey after the first course of a Vietnamese wedding banquet . ( SIRENS WAIL ) Where did this gunman dude shoot from anyway ? Well , if my histo-chip serves me correctly , the gunman 's location was in the Texas Book Depository . It was probably from this very window ! Do you reckon ? Hey , what 's this ? Hey ! There 's something on the end of this ! Give us a hand ! Pull ! They 're in trouble ! ( WAILS ) Hey , what 's going on down there ? Why are all those people gathered around that giant pizza ? That is not a giant pizza , sir . It 's eight foot across , man . You don 't think that 's giant ? What kind of pizza house have you been going to ? The Fat Bastoria ? Hey , look at this ! I think we just pulled the gunman out of the window ! FBI ! Drop the gun ! - Don 't shoot ! - Hands on heads ! You are hereby charged with the murder of Lee Harvey Oswald . Thanks to Mr Oswald , the president is alive . What is that ? Some kind of weapon ? Kick it over here ! ( WHOOSH ) ( WHOOSH ) ( WHOOSH ) Oh ! Nice one , Kryts . - Where are we ? - It says 1966 . We must have gone forward three years . At least we can analyse the original error . Hey , there 's nobody here . The entire city 's deserted . I don 't understand . All we did was save Kennedy 's life . - Is that bad ? What kind of a dude was he ? - He was a fine man . Look ! - Can you get anything for us from his scent ? - ( SNIFFS ) Male . Mid-thirties . Last meal ... a salt beef sandwich with extra mayo and a gherkin . Smoker . Starched shirt . Probably married . Eric White . Single , vegetarian ... chairman of the Anti-Smoking League . I bet I 'm right about the gherkin . It looks like he was trampled to death in some kind of stampede . Just processing . ( BLEEPS ) I 'll re-route the results through my chest monitor . President Kennedy was impeached in 1964 for sharing a mistress with Mafia boss Sam Giancana . It was the biggest scandal in American history . Kennedy was sentenced to three years in an open prison in July ' 65 . J Edgar Hoover became president . He was forced to run by the mob , who had pictures of him at a transvestite orgy . So America had a president controlled by the Mafia ? Soon after his election , the USSR were allowed to install a nuclear base in Cuba in return for Mafia cocaine trafficking between Cuba and the States . With a Soviet nuclear base 30 miles from the US mainland , people fled from all the major cities . So I could get a major nuclear explosion all over this suit ? 'Cause I 'm telling you guys , that stuff does not dry-clean ! - Back to Starbug . - Starbug isn 't there . It doesn 't exist . - What ? - How come ? Kennedy 's impeachment in ' 64 traumatised the American nation , allowing the USSR to win the space race . In this reality , the Russians were probably first to land on the moon . - So we 're marooned ? - How was I supposed to know a chicken vindaloo was going to cause all this ? - You said Kennedy was a great pres . - He was . He was also an inveterate womaniser . His affairs were legendary . - They never came out when he was alive . - Every man has his Achilles ' heel . Kennedy 's was just higher up . If I knew this was gonna happen , I 'd have had an egg sarnie and finished the Cinzano . Kryten , what 've I done , man ? Well , you 've brought the 20th century to the brink of extinction , sir . - Gum ? - What is wrong with you ? Where is your compassion ? You 've got about as much warmth as a service station chip ! You 've no behaviour protocols , have you ? And you thought causality didn 't matter ? Every action has trillions of implications . How come you forgot ? I didn 't forget . I just didn 't care . I 've got no guilt . Ah . I nicked Kryten 's body . That 's Spare Head Two . I removed his guilt chip . You have altered the entire course of civilisation from the 20th century onwards , brought the world close to nuclear war , and worst of all ... I know , I know . I still haven 't had a curry . No , worst of all , the Time Drive has frozen . Let me see . Do you think the sub-space conduits have locked with the transponder and overloaded the time matrix ? No , sir . I 've just been jabbing it too hard . So what now ? We need to have time to try to unfreeze it . I suggest we set up camp here , and Kryten can look for some food . I 'm on my way , sir ! How can a guy be an icon in one reality and a criminal in the next for doing exactly the same things ? - In one reality , he wasn 't caught . - But was he a good guy or not ? - Both . - Somewhere along the way , like me , he disabled his guilt chip and discarded his behaviour protocols . - Power corrupts . - Is it true ? - Can you be two things simultaneously ? - Take you , sir . In some ways , you 're bright , sensitive and caring . In other ways , you 're an irresponsible , curry-obsessed moron . Thanks , Kryten . That 's ... Wow , yeah . It 's hopeless . I can 't fix it . We 're trapped . - Chicken 's good . - Yeah , really good . - That 's not chicken , sirs . - Oh , what is it ? It 's that man we found . It 's Eric . - What ? - Well , it seemed such a waste to leave him lying there when he 'd barbecue so beautifully . - ( SNIGGERS ) - I didn 't get any error commands . Obviously , I thought about it . Without my guilt chip I had nothing to guide me . But it seemed to me that if humanoids eat chicken , they 'd eat their own species , otherwise they 'd just be picking on the chickens . One minute you 're down , the next you 're right back up again . - I just said I was enjoying that . - I knew it didn 't smell right ! Oh , my God ! - I 'm a cannibal ! - ( BLEEPING ) - Look ! - Right , let 's get out of here ! I need to floss roasted dead person out of my teeth ! - Where to ? - Hawaii . Let 's catch some surf . No . We 've got to go back and stop ourselves interfering with the assassination . I don 't care where we go , as long as it 's before we had dinner ! - Decorators . - Try up on the sixth floor . Isn 't this sick , just standing by to allow the president to be killed ? - Not if you 're Eric White it ain 't . - To think , Eric 's out there right now with no idea that he 's a between-meals snack that does ruin your appetite . Unless we put things back the way they were . Stand back , sir , our original selves are about to beam in . When they realise their mistake they 'll beam out again . I propose we go down to the fourth . - ( GUNSHOT ) - First shot ! - It doesn 't smell right . He 's missed . - How come ? By sending Oswald up to the sixth , we 've made the trajectory of his shot so steep he 's only wounded him . Let 's start again and send him to the fifth . We can 't use the fifth . Our original selves beam in there , and we 're now on the fourth . We 've been copied more times than that poster of the tennis girl scratching her butt . If we could arrange for a second gunman to fire from that little hill over there ... You mean the , er ... grassy knoll , sir ? That 'd solve it , wouldn 't it ? Shoot the pres ? Who ? - You can count me out . - And me . Hang on . Maybe , just maybe , there 's someone who can get us out of this mess . - Where are we going ? - Idlewild airport , July ' 65 . ( WHOOSH ) He 's being escorted to Hoover open prison in New York . Give me five minutes . ( WHOOSH ) Don 't be alarmed , sir , but I have a very strange tale to tell . I have had plenty of time to reflect on my deeds in the White House . In all important respects , I believe I did a good job . It was right to plan a pull-out of Vietnam , to fight for civil rights , and to fight to put a man on the moon . It was wrong , however , to , ah , act like an irresponsible jackass with all those women and allow my enemies to wreak havoc on our nation . But I can help , man ... I mean , Mr President , man ... I mean , sir . How can you help ? Well , come with us back to Dallas , November 1963 . Be a second gunman . The gunman behind the grassy knoll . You mean ... assassinate myself ? Yeah . It 'll drive the conspiracy nuts crazy , but they 'll never figure it out . But I still have a future here . Jackie left me , but when I get out , I can still make a contribution to the world . See this airport ? Idlewild Airport ? In our reality , they renamed it JFK after you . Where I come from , you 're a liberal icon , as you should be . But to be that person , you have to sacrifice your life . And only then will my reputation be restored in history ? Mmm . And I can get a smegging ' curry . Ask not what your country can do for you ... ask what you can do for your country . - Hey , that 'd make a pretty neat speech . - It did . I ... thank you all for giving me the opportunity to , ah ... be reborn . Smeg ! I forgot to ask if there are any curry houses in Dallas ! ( CAT WHISTLES NONCHALANTLY ) Aaargh ! Right , Kryty . Same drill . You measure the output . I 'll note the reading . Just give me a second to get in position . Right . In your own time . Well ? 350 volts , sir . Same as the others . Not that one , then . Still , we 're narrowing it down . - Just 17 more to go . - Sir , can 't we use an actual volt meter , as opposed to , well ... using me ? Oh ! Too good to be a volt meter now ? One morning poncing around without your guilt chip and suddenly you think you 're some hoity-toity robo-god instead of the lashed-together Meccano gimboid that you are . Oh , I 'm only too happy to be of service . If you asked me to remove my head and turn it into a chemical toilet , I 'd be honoured . It 's just that firing my eyes out of my head does invalidate my Divadroid service guarantee . I would hate to malfunction and you not get a refund . Wouldn 't that be so annoying ? I am a total twonk . How could I be such a saliva-dribbling , moronic , putzy little smegger ? It 's good that book on self-enlightenment , isn 't it ? The curry supplies . There was no debris . No little bits of floating crate . They weren 't destroyed in the flood . What happened to them , then ? I took ' em . At some point in the future , I must go back to the past and bring all the curry supplies to the present . Kapish ? Of course ! It 's so simple , even a concussed gym teacher could understand it . This is the last jaunt ... I promise . No , absolutely not . As senior technician on this ship , I absolutely forbid it . ( WHOOSHING ) What is the point of being a superior officer if he never obeys a single command ? He won 't even let me court-martial him , even when I ask nicely . - We might as well have a melon in command . - I thought we had , sir . Oh , I see . Sorry , sir . The voltage must have corrupted my comprehension unit . Stand back ! It sounds like something 's coming in . ( WHOOSHING ) Yes ! This thing is amazing . If only we could use it to get back to Earth . Sir , you saw the havoc we caused in Dallas on our arrival . Heaven knows what would happen if we lived in the past permanently . He 's right . No more idiotic gaffs until ... Think we could make it to half four ? I must have passed this thing a million times . What the hell 's it for ? Nice going on the idiotic gaffs front , sir . We almost lasted a full five seconds . Surely you don 't think that was accidental ? I 've had that ace up my sleeve for months . They 're not coming back . I 'm lost in deep space , over three million years from home . No life , no bird , no nothin ' . Just me and three and a half tons of curry . Fan-smeggin ' - tastic ! # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
