 Cover for me in case dorkface comes back around , will you ? Where are you going ? I need a cigarette . You had one 15 minutes ago . Forty-five minutes . Why don 't you get yourself one of those patches or that gum ? What do you think i 'm chewing ? Then maybe you should just quit . Ever think of that ? Look , just cover for me , okay ? Tell her i got a stomach bug or somethin ' . Thank you . Jane , come on . You 're gonna get in trouble . Jane ? Hey , jane . Number 51 of the bulldogs has just fouled out . They lead with 4 : 50 left in the second half , citadel on top of eli , 83-76 . They 're gonna miss ... this rebound . I 'll tell you that . " Brody , jane l . " Yeah , we 've got the pathologist 's work , but the techs haven 't gone over the crime scene yet . Let me see what you got . Your name ? Special agent fox mulder . Workin' the late shift , agent mulder ? Yeah . Somebody 's got to . You need to sign that . - I 'm all set here . - Finished ? Yeah . Thanks . No problem . Agent mulder ! I 'm glad i caught ya . Who are you ? Detective thomas ... ray thomas . I 'm the one who contacted you , who e-mailed the pictures to your office . I ran into officer robbins . He said you 'd come down here ... to take a look at some of the forensic evidence . That 's right . So , uh , does that mean you think you 've found something here ? Something worth lookin into ? I 'm afraid not . No ? I didn 't find anything to recommend ... my further involvement in this case . What about the woman ? How do you explain what happened to her ? She walks into a bathroom . A minute later , she turns up ... look , you saw the pictures . I saw ' em . I was told you were part of something called the x-files . You 'd look into stuff like this . So if there 's really nothin ' to this , why come all the way down here middle of the night ? I 'm just doin ' my job , detective , same as you . Ah , you are home . Yeah . What are you doin ' here ? I was tryin ' to reach you . Think your phone 's off the hook . Well , i needed some sleep . Is that why you 're takin ' the garbage out at 4 : 00 in the morning ? What do you want , agent mulder ? I want some answers . Concerning ? The unexplained death of a postal worker ... that somebody has apparently gone to great lengths to keep unexplained . These photos were sent to me by a detective who thought i might have a fresh take on the case . But when i went to retrieve them from my e-mail , somebody had hollowed out the files . Then where 'd you get ' em ? From his partner . When ? After he finished questioning me about the detective 's death . What ? What are you talking about ? He was killed , shot in the head , execution style . His body was found near the precinct two hours ago . Possibly by the same person who forged my name to gain access ... to evidence from the forensics lab . What do you want from me ? - Well , i 'd like your help on this , sir . - What about agent scully ? Agent scully 's in the hospital . Has something happened that i should know about ? She 's undergoing some imaging tests . Her oncologist was concerned about some microscopy results , that , uh , her tumor may be metastasizing . Anyway , l-i 'd like you to take a look at those photos , please . Yeah , i will , first thing in the morning . You want me to , uh , dump this on my way out ? No , i got it . Was it you ? Did you pull the trigger , or did you have him do it for you ? I 'm not here to answer your questions . You murdered him ! You killed an officer of the law . Keep your voice down , unless you want your neighbors to know the hours and the company you keep . I won 't be a party to murder . I wouldn 't get too comfortable on your moral high ground , mr . Skinner . This only happened because you left your job unfinished . I handled him just like i 've handled everything else you 've asked me to do . I 've followed your instructions . You failed to neutralize a potentially compromising situation . You didn 't have to kill him . He didn 't have to die . You 're in no position to question the terms of our arrangement . Then we have no arrangement . You 'll find it 's not that easy to walk away from , mr . Skinner . No ? A man digs a hole , he risks falling into it . - Skinner . - Her body 's gone , sir . - What are you talking about ? - The postal worker and the photos i gave you . Her body was stolen from the morgue last night , along with any other evidence that might explain how or why she died . Slow down , agent mulder . I 'm sorry , but i can 't . I 'm playing catch up here , and i 'm already two steps behind . The man who impersonated me at the forensics lab last night ... apparently he replaced a blood sample . How do you know ? I had them run a test . The blood sample in the police forensics lab ... is b-positive , as is the postal worker 's . She suffered from a mild form of anemia characterized by folic acid deficiency . The blood sample at the police forensics lab has a normal folate serum level . Are there any suspects ? No , but i do have a place to start . The gun that killed detective thomas ... ballistics has identified it as a sig sauer p-228 . I 'm having ballistics run comps on all weapons ... registered to federal agents and local officers . - Sir ? - Let me know what they find . I will . - Yes . - You can 't do this . - You sound agitated , mr . Skinner . - Was it my gun ? - Your gun ? - Used to kill the detective . Well , if it was , i 'd think you 'd want to report it to the police immediately . - Oh , don 't think i won 't . - Then why are you calling me ? Perhaps because you realized that you 'd be admitting to the obstruction of justice , criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence . The consequences can be very serious for you , even in the unlikely event that you were able to persuade the authorities ... that you didn 't kill the detective . What did you have me cover up ? I think the less you know , the better , under the circumstances . I need to know what that man died for . He died for you , mr . Skinner . He died so you could have what you wanted . A cure for agent scully . Isn 't that what you want ? Agent scully is in the hospital . If youcando anything for her , i want it done now . I 'm fully aware of agent scully 's progress . If anything happens to her , i will expose you . I 'll turn state 's evidence . I don 't care what happens to me . Agent scully stands to live a long and healthy life . I would hope the same for you , mr . Skinner . Right in here . The police said we could put the bathroom back in service . But the truth is , no one wants to use it , not after what happened yesterday . You mind my asking what you 're looking for ? I need a hammer . Is there any reason you 're not running this through the fbi lab ? This evidence is classified . We 've had some controversy over security at the bureau . I 'd appreciate your discretion . Certainly . Can you tell what kind of bees made that ? Oh , it 's hard to tell with just the comb , but i might be able to give you an answer . If i told you there was a chance the bees that made that could be lethal , would that be helpful ? Any kind of bee can be lethal , provided you get stung by enough of them . Even africanized honey bees ... so-called killer bees ... basically have the same venom as the european honey bee . It 's just that they tend to attack in swarms . Huh , you may be in luck . What is it ? Royal jelly ... a highly nutritious secretion ... of the honeybee 's pharyngeal gland . It 's fed to the very young larvae in a colony . Here , see for yourself . Is that gonna hatch ? Once they pupate , i should be able to give you ... some definitive answers . The minute you learn something , i 'd appreciate a call . Is this related to that other case ? If you don 't mind my asking ? What other case ? I got a call from another agent about six months ago , asking me all about killer bees . Who was it ? Uh , name was fox mulder . I wonder if there 's any connection . No . Anyway , i 'll call you . Sir ? You looking for me ? I was just writing you a note . Where have you been ? First nations bank of virginia . - What am i looking at ? - The bank is adjacent ... to the police headquarters where the detective was killed . Their parking lot surveillance camera caught this image . That man there ? That 's detective thomas . This man in the baseball hat ... he was identified ... by the officer on duty at the forensics lab as " agent mulder . " Can you get a usable image off this ? I 'm going to hand-deliver it over to special photo right now . What did you want to talk to me about ? You were writing me a note . I was , uh , i was just checking on your progress . Ms. Covarrubias ? This is walter skinner ... an assistant director at the fbi . Yes ? I was hoping you could help me . I understand agent fox mulder has been in contact with you about a project . A project ? A canadian agricultural project involving bees or bee husbandry . Yes , but i wasn 't able to give him any information . Why was that ? The project he cited turned up no viable evidence . - Evidence of what ? - Bee hives or bee husbandry . What if i told you i had access to that evidence ? You have access to these bees ? I may . Soon . Very soon . Agent mulder ? Thanks for gettin ' down here so quickly . What is it ? A break . Maybe even a lead . I wanted you to get a look at this body before somebody tried to steal it . See these pocks and blisters ? They 're the same as we saw on the photo of the deceased postal worker . Symptoms of what ? Smallpox . The first reported case in over seven years . Smallpox ? According to the coroner , an especially virulent strain , caused by a mutated variola virus . Caused how ? I mean , how could this man ... have contracted a disease that doesn 't even exist anymore ? From these . What are they ? Bee stingers and venom sacs ... recovered subcutaneously from the victim 's face , arm and neck . You 're saying this man was stung by bees carrying smallpox ? He was a forensic entomologist . I consulted with him several months ago ... about a similar fatality . Then you 've seen this before ? Yeah , but i 've never had any hard evidence . Not until now . I think that 's what somebody 's gone to great lengths to try to prevent . Why ? I can only guess . But i think that somebody is trying to engineer a method of delivery ... for a disease that has killed more people throughout history ... than any other contagion known to humankind . If you want me to suggest an appropriate response , i will . Can they be stopped ? How can we stop them ? We don 't even know who these people are . And we won 't until we know the identity of that shooter . How close are you ? Hopefully , very . I 've got one of the photo techs pulling an all-nighter on that surveillance video , so he can show me something this morning . I told him that you 'd authorize the overtime . Of course . I 'm gonna go over there right now . Tell me what you find . Oh , sure . See you tomorrow . Just grabbing ' a cup of coffee . Misty nagatta ? My name is walter skinner . I was just getting up . They only give us a ten-minute break , and my supervisor 's pretty strict . I need to talk to you , misty . About your coworker . If this is about what happened to jane , i already told the police everything i know . Everything ? I don 't wanna lose my job . You 're not gonna lose anything . I 'm asking you to cooperate in a criminal investigation . Jane ? What do you mean ? Jane 's death may not have been an accident . What ? She was my best friend . I 'm sorry . We worked it out so that our vacations overlapped . We were going to palm beach . Both of us were tryin to lose weight , so we could buy new bathing suits . The men who came here ... they said if i talked to anyone , i 'd lose my job . Did these men say who they were ? No , and i didn 't ask . They just wanted the package . What package ? Damaged packages are routed here for inspection , before they get reshipped . The place where these damaged packages are kept ... how close is it to the restroom where you found jane ? It 's just the next door down the hall . They 've got a storage room . The damaged package that they wanted ... do you remember where it was being sent ? No , not off hand . Is there any way of finding out ? I can look up the tracking number . That would be a big help to me , misty . And maybe to jane . We went through every inch of that tape ... to find the best angle for identification purposes . Now , remember , it was videotape shot at a distance under extreme low light . So this is the best you could do ? It 's better than i thought it would be , believe me . I tried every trick that ... i 'm not trying to be difficult . This is very important to me . I need to be sure . I need you to print out a hard copy of that for me . This is the last remaining specimen . The bees from the scientist 's house ... they 've been contained and destroyed . And the body ? It also has been sanitized . How did this happen ? It 's been taken care of . The details are unimportant . Details are everything ... much more important than your vague assurances . Well , you 'll have to trust my assurance that any other breaches have been handled . Handled by whom ? I have a man in place ... a man with no other choice but to succeed . What assurance can you give us that he can be trusted ? We can 't risk even the slightest exposure . He has nothing to expose , except his own duplicity . Should we assume that the trial run is proceeding as planned ? It 's already begun . Hey , it 's my turn . No , it isn 't . Ow ! Ow ! Ah . Mrs. Kemper ! Billy got stung by a bee ! Mrs. Kemper ! Mrs. Kemper ! Everyone ! Everyone , inside ! Inside ! Move it , move it ! Come on , inside ! David ! Oh , my god ! David ! David , come on ! Quick ! Come on ! Run ! Oh , god . I 'm sorry . Please help me . Dr. Linzer ? My name 's walter skinner . All right , thank you . The administration office informed me you 're overseeing the treatment of these children . Yes . I think you 'll want to hear me out . I 'm right in the middle of it . If you 've been treating these children for bee stings , you 've misdiagnosed them . Then what should i be treating them for ? Smallpox . Is this a joke ? Every child in this town who hasn 't already been infected ... needs to be vaccinated immediately . We don 't vaccinate kids against smallpox anymore because there is no smallpox . Run whatever tests you need if you don 't believe me . I don 't need to run any tests . Smallpox has an eight-day incubation period , and these kids were stung a few hours ago . How do you reconcile that ? I can 't . Excuse me . Let me know when you come up with an answer . In the meantime , i 've got things to do . Doctor ! Mr. Skinner ? How do you know who i am ? Because you contacted me . I 'm marita covarrubias . What are you doing here ? Your call about those bees prompted me to make inquiries . Into what ? Seven packages that were sent from canada ... to a p.o. Box in payson , south carolina . I came here to find out what was in those packages . You 're a little late to do anything about it . So are you , apparently . What brought you here ? You came to me for information , mr . Skinner , but you still haven 't told me what you know about this . My office has to answer to the secretary general of the united nations . This is a very serious matter . I need to know what 's going on . I think it 's some kind of experiment . An experiment ? Using bees as carriers . And that 's what was in those packages ? Have you told agent mulder this ? Not yet . Why not ? I can 't . Why ? Are you involved in this , mr . Skinner ? I didn 't ... no , i 'm not involved . Then what are you doing here ? What aren 't you telling me , mr . Skinner ? Nothing . If you know who 's behind this , you have to come forward , mr . Skinner . No one else can . Put the gun down and move away from the desk . I was just calling ... i said put the gun down ! You don 't understand . No . I do now . No , you don 't . Is that the gun you used to shoot the detective ? No . How does it feel to shoot an innocent man in the head ? I didn 't kill him ! You 're a liar ! You 've been working with the smoking man all along . You knew when he had my father killed , and you knew when they took scully . - Listen to me . - I 've heard enough of you . He set me up ! He stole my gun ! Then he put it back . Which means the police are probably on their way right now . - I don 't believe you . - Look at my desk drawer , agent mulder . Look at it ! Why would i force my own lock ? If i lied to you ... i have lied to you , and i won 't make excuses for those lies . But there 's a reason i did what i did ... one that i think you 're in a unique position to understand . I advised you against a certain course of action some time ago ... concerning agent scully . I didn 't follow my own advice . Give me the gun . How soon will you be able to determine if that 's the weapon that killed detective thomas ? As long as it takes me to put one of these slugs into a scope and run a comp . This is the slug we recovered from the detective 's body . You see this stria here and here ? They 're rifling patterns , imprinted from the barrel of the same gun . So this is definitely the murder weapon ? If i were called to testify , i 'd say without a doubt . So where 'd you find it ? In a sewer grate , around the corner from the crime scene . - Mm . - Sometimes you get lucky . - Sometimes you don 't , right ? - What do you mean ? The serial number ... it 's been filed clean off . Now , unless forensics pulled a print , this gun 's virtually untraceable . Leave it off . I 'm starting to get used to the dark . Is this part of our deal ? We never had a deal . No ? Agent scully is dying , and you haven 't done a thing . - You think that 's funny ? - Just enjoying the irony , mr . Skinner . Only yesterday you said you wouldn 't be party to murder . And now here you are . Yours isn 't the first gun i 've had pointed in my face , mr . Skinner . I 'm not afraid to die . But if you kill me now , you 'll also kill agent scully . You have no intention of saving her . You never did . Are you certain ? I saved her life once before when i had her returned to agent mulder . I may save her life again . But you 'll never know if you pull the trigger , will you ? Now , unless you intend to kill me , i 'd like to answer my phone . Yes . He was just here . He threatened to kill me . I 'm sure mulder will be contacting you . He 'll want to know if skinner has seen all there is to see . I 'll tell him what you want me to tell him . Tell him what he wants to hear . I made this !
