 That many of you here tonight came home ... not to a hero 's welcome but to the hostility of the american people ... is a shameful fact of history , one that i will never understand or forgive . But it also underscores our sacred duty , not just today , but forever , to honor those who served with honor ... and to remember those who fell , men and women whose ultimate sacrifice ... must never be forgotten . There is probably no audience ... that understands better that our freedom is not free . All right , you 're my eyes out there . Talk to me . Positions report . Sector three clear . No sign of him in four . Sector six , report . It is our duty to remember them . Mulder ? - He 's here . I feel him . - Then where is he ? Hold on . I think i have him in section four . Can you confirm that , scully ? Positive i.d. He 's heading toward you , three . Positions hold . Three and four , do you have eye contact ? I have him in three . He 's coming toward you , scully . Don 't take your eyes off him , scully . Mulder , he saw me . He 's heading toward the sound booth . Copy that . I 'm cutting him off . Talk to me , people . Does anybody have him ? This memorial is a place where we can come and thank those men and women ... what 's happening , scully ? I 'm closing on him . Do you have him in three ? Negative . I 'm always struck by something as i walk through ... Scully ? Scully ! I lost him . You got him , three ? I don 't see him , scully . What 's happening , agent scully ? I can 't see him anywhere . He must be headed your way . You got him , mulder ? Not yet . I got him . I lost him . Pick him up , mulder . He 's right in front of you . - He 's got a gun ! - General , get off the stage ! I can 't see him . I can 't see him ! Good morning , sir . All right ! Let 's go ! Who the hell are you ? How did you get in here ? What the hell are you ... Lieutenant general ? Sir ? Lieutenant general peter macdougal was shot dead ... at extreme close range at 0600 this morning . F.b.i. Forensics reports the wound was not self-inflicted . The murder weapon has not been recovered . The general 's driver , private first class gus burkholder , is currently being held on suspicion of murder . It says here n.a.a. Tests confirm the private did not do the shooting . There is suspicion of an accomplice , based on the one piece of evidence found at the crime scene , a so-called death card used by soldiers in vietnam to mark their kills ... and by private burkholder 's possible ties to a radical paramilitary group ... called the right hand whose stated aim is violent revolution . After speaking with general bloch , he believes we have a high probability of opportunity for a group like this , a unique situation that could result in the very public loss of lives . Dozens of high-ranking military officials are in washington today ... for a rededication of the vietnam veterans war memorial . Unless we can determine a clear motive , we will consider any one of them to be a target . What if private burkholder is telling the truth , that he 's innocent ? Until we can find another suspect , the f.b.i. Will pursue the right hand ... and their leader , an ex-marine named denny markham , in a preemptive strategy to put a stop to any other plans they may have made . You all have markham 's file in front of you . For obvious reasons , our strategy includes keeping this from the media . You 'll be working in teams of two . If you encounter any resistance , do not engage . Surveil and call for backup . Agent chandler has your assignments and field warrants . We have less than 12 hours to prevent any further execution or loss of life . Understood ? All right , beckwith and fontana , you 're going to virginia beach . Jackson and miller , you 're going to alexandria . Was that for the benefit of the general , or have you been able to develop a real strategy ? Right now i 'm flyin by the seat of my pants . You mean there 's no procedure outlined for an invisible assassin ? Did you talk to private burkholder ? I interviewed him and convinced him to take a polygraph test . And ? He passed . The nature of his claims would suggest a false positive . The tester admitted that the results are highly interpretive . You heard his story ? I found his story compelling personally , but then again i believe the warren commission . If i have to devise a strategy around that story , then there is no strategy . Somebody killed the general , which means somebody is not telling the truth . The man who heads the right hand , markham ? Do you have a warrant for him ? - Yes , why ? - Let mulder and i serve it . One misstep and markham smells a shakedown , he 's going to disappear or find another way to push the button . And i 've already seen more dead soldiers than i ever want to see . Mr. Markham ? who is it ? Agents mulder and scully with the f.b.i. - What do you want ? - It 's extremely urgent that we talk to you now , sir . Mr. Markham ? Gate 's unlocked . Now you wanted to see me about ? The murder of general peter macdougal . - Am i under suspicion ? - No , but your group is and private first class burkholder . Is that a name i should know ? He 's on the mailing list for the right hand . Two thousand names on that list . I can 't keep track of every one of ' em . I would like to go over that list with you , sir . No way in hell you 'll be getting that from me . We already have a copy , if you 'll just come with us . I 'm not going anywhere . Sir , we have a warrant for your arrest ... if you don 't cooperate . Under the new antiterrorism law , we can and will hold you until we get the information . There goes the neighborhood . You can make this as easy or as hard as you wish , sir . The right hand believes in empowering the individual ... over a corrupt and corrupting federal government . We 're prepared for the time when armed resistance will be necessary . Lives will have to be sacrificed , but that day has not yet come . Would you take a polygraph , mr . Markham ? My word 's good enough . What 's your " word " on this ? Where 'd that come from ? I 'd like to ask you that . More men are gonna die . This guy 's a one-man threat to national security . I 'll bet he 's got more weapons and ammo than most third-world armies . He told me to pull this photo from his file cabinet . Who 's this ? He says that 's who killed general macdougal . Name 's nathaniel teager , 26 confirmed solo enemy kills , a veritable killing machine . Left for dead by the same government that created him . Left for dead ? He belonged to green beret detachment b-11 , the squad known as the bloody sabers . In 1971 , the b-11 was being transported in-country when their chopper was shot down . No survivors . When was this photo taken ? December , 1995 , just a few hours after the right hand liberated him ... from a p.o.w. Camp just outside the u minh forest . I 'm sure you 're aware in 1973 the defense department ... determined there were no more p.o.w. ' s in vietnam . Maybe that 's why they tried to kidnap sergeant teager when we brought him home . The government kidnapped a u.s. Prisoner of war ? I said they tried . Had their commandos board our plane in san diego . When they broke into the cargo hold where we hid him , he was already gone . I never did figure out how . I think i 've heard enough . You don 't believe him , do you ? But what if he 's telling the truth ? A phantom p.o.w. Left for dead comes back to avenge the injustices ? Maybe the war ain 't over . Maybe not denny markham 's war . Given the facts of the case and private burkholder 's polygraph test , it 's the closest thing to an explanation that we 've got . Or it 's just a clever story being proffered as a cover-up ... for what is actually an elaborately orchestrated conspiracy . There is that possibility too . Let markham take the polygraph . And what if he passes ? He won 't . Mrs. Davenport ? Renee davenport ? Yes ? Wife of lance corporal gary davenport of the special forces ? Yes . I 'm sorry . Do i know you ? No , ma 'am . I 've come to act on his behalf ... for the reason that gary remains a prisoner of war . Gary 's dead . No , ma 'am . May you forgive me as you forgive him , as a man and a soldier , for restoring the honor and memory of the b-11 . Oh , my god . Where did you get these ? Who gave you these ? Hey , where are you ? Oh , my god . Where are you ? Where 'd you go ? Give me the next one . Is it true she made a positive i.d. From the photo ? From a bad fax of it . Do you have the photo with you ? Yeah , and more copies to distribute . We have event security checking out all vendors and workmen . We 've got it out to local law enforcement , but not to the exclusion of the other suspects . I thought she i.d. ' d teager . She did , but i cannot authorize a strategy that 's gonna target ... a soldier who 's officially dead . Because his name is on a wall ? No , because i just got off the phone with the army forensics lab ... where sergeant nathaniel teager 's remains have been stored ... since they were recovered from the crash site . They have his remains ? Markham may have staged this whole thing , finding somebody vulnerable like her to pass off his lies . Why go to all that trouble ? To create a decoy ? To divert our attention ? Which seems to be working . This woman saw someone . I want to know who . Yes , that 's him . You 're sure ? Everything he said made it sound like gary was still alive . But that can 't be true , can it ? You say he just disappeared ? That 's what 's so strange . One minute he 's standing right in front of me , and then he 's gone . What if he was telling the truth ? What if gary is alive ? I 've tried to get on with my life . I 've remarried . What am i supposed to tell my husband now ? What am i supposed to do ? Oh , your eye . What ? Oh , my god . What 's happening to me ? I think you just burst a capillary . Oh , my god . Scully ? Hold a tissue there . Can we get mrs . Davenport an eye exam ? An eye exam ? For what ? By all accounts , the man we 're looking for , the man she saw , has a knack for vanishing in plain sight . Maybe there 's a connection . She has a simple subconjunctival hemorrhage probably brought on by her emotional state . And how did she reach that emotional state ? What about you ? What are you gonna do ? I 'm gonna see if we 're really chasing a dead man . Agent mulder ? Yes . Dr. Benjamin keyser . I think i located what you 're looking for . It 's a small miracle i found it actually . The record had been partially destroyed . Two bicuspids and a molar . This is all that was left of teager at the crash site ? I 've seen findings made with far less . These are sergeant teager 's teeth . I cross-checked them with his dental records . Is there any way to tell how the teeth were extracted ? I would assume they were pulled . On each of these teeth , there 's a pronounced scoring in the enamel . Here . See for yourself . Can you tell if that was pre - or postmortem ? No , not really . Then this is presumptive , isn 't it ? A finding of death based on inconclusive evidence . It was noted here , even underlined . " inconclusive . " Whoever signed off on this death chose to ignore the facts . I couldn 't tell you who that was . These records were partially destroyed . Is there any other way to tell ? Based on the records and the reports filed at the same time , we could make a pretty good guess . Yes ? Yes , just a moment . It 's for you , sir . Hello ? General steffan , this is special agent fox mulder with the f.b.i. I 'm calling because we have reason to believe your life may be in danger . What are you talking about ? The person or persons responsible for the murder of general macdougal ... this morning may have chosen to target you . Based on what information ? Based on a death certificate you may have put your signature on , the death certificate for sergeant nathaniel teager . I don 't know anything about that , but i 'm on my way to the pentagon right now . I 'm ten minutes away . I 'm gonna have to ask you to trust my risk assessment on this and take every caution . Right . Do you know your driver , sir ? Yes , he drives me all the time . Good . I 'm going to put two f.b.i. Agents there to escort you just as a precaution . They have my mobile phone number , okay ? How many of you know what a pentagon is ? No ? A pentagon is a shape with five sides . And the pentagon is just that . We 're standing right now in section " a . " Built in 1941 through an act of congress , the pentagon is virtually a city in itself . - General , sir . - Good afternoon . Thanks . All clear , general . Thank you , gentlemen . That will be all . Mulder . I 'm at the georgetown medical center . Did you find out what caused her eye to hemorrhage ? No , but the ophthalmologist discovered something called a transient scotoma . Scotoma ? A floating blind spot . What would cause that ? Any number of diseases can scar the retina . Diabetes , glaucoma , macular degeneration . In turn they create a visual field deficit . Does she have any of those diseases ? It doesn 't appear so . Don 't you think it 's odd she 'd have a blind spot she wouldn 't have noticed ? Thanks . Not necessarily . The processes of the brain fill in , and the visual cortex compensates conceptually . That might account for teager 's vanishing . I asked the doctor that and he laughed at me . Hold on , scully . It 's mulder . Agent mulder , this is general steffan . I found something on my desk , something very troubling . Where are you ? In my office . The agents i assigned to you ? Are they with you ? No , no , they 're just outside . I want you to call them into your office now , general . Who put this here ? Listen carefully . I 'm on my way there . General steffan ? General steffan ? Call an ambulance . The general 's secretary had been in here organizing his desk ... no more than 15 minutes before the general was shot . He never saw this card , and he never saw anyone go in and out of the office ... aside from the general and the agents assigned to him . From my cursory exam , nothing about the general can explain your narrative . I was on the phone with the man . He was shot at close range in the forehead . He would have seen the shooter . Not necessarily . He could have turned and been surprised . There 's far too little forensic evidence yet to know . No scotoma ? That 's beyond my capabilities here to make that kind of analysis . I think it 's beyond all our capabilities , but somebody 's got to explain ... how a four-star general could be shot and killed in what is symbolically ... the best-guarded military base in the country . - Sir ? - I need both of you out here to see something ... now . That 's him . That 's teager . Whoever it is , i want to know how the hell this happened . Neither of us has a clear explanation , sir . You were on your way here . You knew the general was in danger . I did everything i could . I put two agents with him . - This is insanity . This man is killing at will . - That 's correct , sir . He 's unstoppable ? I think teager has an ability , the ability to effectively erase himself from the visual field . If he 's invisible , then why is he on this video clear as day ? I think that he can hide himself from human sight ... by manipulating something scully has referred to as naturally occurring , a blind spot . That is conjecture , sir . - Even when looking at him ? - You might not be able to see him . Isn 't it true u.s. Soldiers reported ... the unexplained appearance and disappearance of v.c. Guerrillas ? I 've read the dispatches myself . Maybe teager learned something from his captors in 25 years of isolation . We 've got four miles of crowded streets where 31 military officers ... are staging for a parade into freedom square . If what you 're saying has any truth to it , i can 't protect these men . Call it off . Parade or no parade , those men are vulnerable . The only way to stop this killer is to catch him . How ? By finding his next victim before he does . I am major general benjamin bloch . He did it again , didn 't he ? I told them he would . According to the f.b.i. , you know the man they 're looking for . Maybe you can tell me why they can 't seem to find him . The same reason you can 't , which i imagine is the same reason you 're here right now . I am here because people are dying ... soldiers who dedicated their lives to the defense of this country . I guess that 's one way of lookin ' at it . As it stands , you are facing charges of conspiracy to commit homicide and treason . But if both those fall through , there is still enough evidence to convict you ... for possession and transport of illegal arms . Are you threatening me ? No , i am offering you a deal ... for you and the people you represent . If you think i 've got any sway with teager , you 're mistaken . I just need to know what he wants . You know what he wants , and we both know you can 't give it to him , not without dragging that nice , clean uniform of yours through the mud . Whatever you do to me won 't change his mind , general . He 's sending a message and makin ' damn sure everyone hears it loud and clear . Band ! Band ! Time ! Driver , prepare to move them out . Yes , sir ! I 'm after you . All right , move them out . You told me you were in a rush . Crosstown traffic 's all snarled up because of the parade . You need information on american prisoners of war . A man named teager . I have no information on him . Then why did you come here ? Tell me what you know . A p.o.w. Named teager may be back home carrying out death sentences ... against the men that left him in vietnam . Who are those men ? Generals . Steffan and macdougal . They have a connection . What is that ? A recent news story extremely embarrassing to the u.s. Military ... about the disposing of south vietnamese soldiers . Men employed by our government as spies and commandoes ... and then left behind enemy lines to certain capture and death . The operation was disavowed , and their lives were erased from the records . By a secret three-man commission who may now be facing charges , whose testimonies might be used in the calculation of reparations . Are you saying that our government wants these officers dead ? - Why would they ask us to protect them ? - Because they know you can 't . Well , who 's the third man ? I need a name . General bloch ! General , sir ! Stop the car ! What 's going on here ? We need you to get out of the car , sir , for your own safety . - Why ? - We received information your life might be in danger . From who ? Shooter ! Get down ! - Where ? Where is he ? - He was there . I saw him . L ... it was him , sir . It was the man in the photo . Are you sure ? I saw him , sir . It was him . Are you sure ? Hut ! Mount ! Call when you find out . Scully . I heard what happened . They told me you saved general bloch 's life . He 's doing all right . He 's over there . They told me you saw somebody on the parade route ? I 'm not really sure . You saw him , didn 't you ? You saw teager . I told you i 'm not sure . But you drew your gun . You must have been a little more convinced than that . How are you so convinced that general bloch was his next target ? I found out about general bloch from the same person ... who told me that we were never meant to save bloch 's life or the other generals . What are you talking about ? This case . Why do you think it was dumped in your lap , unless heading up an antiterrorism detail is all of a sudden part of your job ? That doesn 't prove he was set up . They knew about teager . They 've known that he 'd be unstoppable from the beginning . They wanted skinner to fail ? And us . Given the nature of the case , they knew you 'd bring us in . The government is not about to sacrifice ... the lives of ranking military officers just to discredit us . Discrediting us , in this case , in only secondary . Secondary to what ? To maintaining their secret policy of denial about p.o.w. ' s , which required silencing the men who made that policy . Markham 's story is having its intended effect . You 're buying into the lie . Markham may be the only man in this case who 's telling the truth . If you don 't believe me , ask general bloch . Ask me what ? I can 't wait here any longer . I 'm delivering the keynote address in five minutes . You might want to reconsider . He won 't reconsider . Not going out would be an admission of guilt . We still have reason to believe your life is in danger . It 's your job to protect me still , isn 't it ? That 's what we 're trying to do . Then do your job . General ! All right , people , listen up , because we don 't have much time . You all know your responsibilities . You have your sectors and assignments . It gives me great pleasure to introduce a very special man . Wounded and decorated for gallantry in vietnam , he had an idea , teager ? A vision ... to create a national memorial ... hey , man , is that you ? For all americans who gave their lives in the vietnam war . Where ya goin ' ? Ladies and gentlemen , it is with great pride ... hey ! Where ya goin ' ? That i give you the founder ... of the vietnam veterans memorial fund , mr . Jan scruggs . Teager ? Welcome , ladies and gentlemen . We are here to rededicate ... this memorial on this important day . We especially remember those who cannot share this day with us , the soldiers , the airmen , the sailors . Hey , teager ! It 's me , leo danzinger . I saw you , man . Where are ya ? Behind ya . L ... i thought you were dead . That 's what they told us . 'Cause that 's what they wanted you to believe . I don 't understand . You will ... after tonight . What are you talkin ' about ? I waited for them , leo . I waited for them to come . But they never came . Maybe they didn 't know . They knew . They just figured letting me die off was easier than admitting the truth . It 's all over , teager . It 's been over for a long time now . Not for me , not for the others . You 're tellin ' me there 's more ? What are you doin ' , man ? Where are ya ? It is a distinct honor to present to you now ... another great american and a brother in arms . Major general benjamin bloch . Admiral leitch , senator baine , fellow americans ... and especially the veterans . There is probably no audience that understands better that our freedom is not free . All right , you 're my eyes out there . Talk to me . Positions report . We owe that freedom to the selfless sacrifice ... sector three clear . To those whose names are on this wall . No sign of him in four . And for that , it is our duty to remember them . Hold on . I think i have him in section four . Can you confirm that , scully ? Their sweat , their long hours , their blood . Positive i.d. He 's heading toward you , three . Positions hold . Three and four , do you have eye contact ? I have him in three . He 's coming toward you , scully . Don 't take your eyes off him , scully . Not for themselves , but for their country . Mulder , he saw me . He 's heading toward the sound booth . Copy that . I 'm cutting him off . Talk to me , people . Does anybody have him ? When they were in vietnam . This memorial ... what 's happening , scully ? Is a place where we can come and thank those ... I 'm closing on him . Do you have him in three ? Negative . Scully ? Scully ! I lost him . You got him , three ? I don 't see him , scully . What 's happening , agent scully ? I can 't see him anywhere . He must be headed your way . You got him , mulder ? Not yet . I got him . I lost him . Pick him up , mulder . He 's right in front of you . - He 's got a gun ! - General , get off the stage ! What 's going on ? Can 't see him . Mulder ! - Mulder ... - i saw him out of the corner of my eye . He 's gone . He 's gone . There 's no cause for alarm , ladies and gentlemen . Just a minor disturbance . Let 's try and keep some order . Where 's general bloch ? He 's with skinner . We gotta stop ' em . What 's going on here ? I think he can only hide himself in somebody 's direct line of sight . When looking directly at him ? That 's why he killed macdougal and steffan at close quarters . Macdougal in his car and steffan in his office . Get away from the car . He 's in the car . Teager 's in the car . Get down ! Come out with both your hands in the air ! It 's over , teager . Come on out . Get an ambulance over here ! Ow ! Teager , nathaniel jr . Sergeant , green beret detachment b-11 . Service number 82278 . Date of birth , march 7 , 1952 . Teager , nathaniel jr . Sergeant , green beret detachment b-11 . Service number 82278 . Teager , nathaniel jr . March 7 , 1952 . Teager ... the pentagon is claiming that the man who was killed was a thomas lynch . He 's a vet who 's been in and out of v.a. Psychiatric hospitals for the last 15 years . And a sometime member of the right hand . His name was on denny markham 's mailing list . Markham made a positive i.d. They must have gotten to him . Army forensics claims to have multiple confirmation . You heard him ! We both did . It 's happening all over again . They 're covering the lies with more lies , trying to make him invisible . We 've got to subpoena markham and general bloch , and we 've got to petition the state department to release teager 's body . I can 't do that . Why not ? This investigation has been turned over to c.i.d. It 's no longer our jurisdiction . Don 't let them do this . Let it go . You did your job . So did nathaniel teager . You found the man you were looking for , but now he 's dead . It 's over . Is that what you believe ? Is that what you really believe ? They 're not just denying this man 's life . They 're denying his death . And with all due respect , sir , he could be you . I made this !
