 Fox . Wake up . Fox . Samantha ? Shh . They 'll hear you . No ... she 's my child . Shh . No ! No ! That 's my baby ! Get away ! I 'm afraid , fox . I 'm afraid . Hello ? Scully . Mulder , what time is it ? I don 't know . It 's almost 5 : 00 a.m. Is something wrong ? I think so . Where are you ? I think i 'm in a motel room in providence , but ... where ? Rhode island . What are you doing there ? I don 't know . There 's ... there 's blood all over me . Are you hurt , mulder ? I don 't think so . I don 't think it 's my blood . Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Yeah ? You okay ? I can 't get warm . You 're in shock . Dry yourself off . I 'll get you a blanket . Do you feel sick ? Nah . Nauseous or dizzy ? No , but i woke up on the floor with a pounding headache . Were you here alone ? I think so . I don 't know . I don 't remember ... anything . Track my finger . Do you know what day it is ? Uh ... No , what day is it ? It 's sunday . What 's the last thing that you remember ? I was in my apartment . I talked to you on the phone . That was friday . I 've been here since friday ? I don 't know , but you packed a bag . There 's a change of clothes in there . Do you feel any pain ? Did you receive a blow to your head ? No . No . Did you take anything , mulder ? No . No . Are you sure you didn 't cut yourself ? Yeah . Where 's your weapon ? I don 't know . Two rounds have been fired . I don 't remember that . Mulder , i need to get you to a hospital . You have to be examined by a neurologist . You have had a serious cerebral event . It could be a viral infection or possibly the early stages of encephalitis . If there was a crime committed , i need to know what happened . Mulder , the first thing that you need to do is to take care of yourself . Mulder , listen to me . We are going to figure this out , but first we have to determine the cause . You cannot take something like this lightly . If this is an aneurysm , it could drop you in a second . Are these your keys ? No . You checked in alone around noon on saturday . The manager 's got no record of any phone calls made from the room . No visitors . Then how did i get here ? You drove . He 's got a license number of a car registered . Do you have those keys you found in your room ? That 's not my car . There 's blood on the steering wheel , mulder . The car is registered under a david cassandra . The address is right here in providence . Who 's amy ? That 's what i 'm gonna find out , mulder , but first i 'm gonna check you out ... because you have no business even walking around here . No . If i 've shot someone , if my weapon 's been used in a crime , i need to know . You are taking a big risk . I feel strongly about this . I know you do , but it 's my risk . Can i help you ? Are you amy ? No , she 's not here right now . Is this david cassandra 's house ? This is david and amy 's house . And who are you ? I 'm the housekeeper . Who are you ? We 're with the f.b.i. Why do you have amy 's keys ? Is something the matter ? possibly . Is amy or david reachable ? They 're out right now . I don 't know where they are . That painting behind you ... do you think i could take a look at it ? Yeah . Who painted this ? Amy . Mulder , what 's up ? I know this house . - How ? - I 've seen it before . Does this house have any special meaning to amy or david ? It 's her favorite subject . It 's the house she grew up in . Actually , it 's all she paints . I 've been to that house . When ? I don 't know , but i 've been there . Do you know anything else about this house ? It 's out in chepachet . Where 's that ? It 's about 20 miles from here on route 8 . My parents had a summerhouse out there when i was a kid . If you 've been here , mulder , i don 't think it was recently . The place looks abandoned and completely overgrown . Mulder ? Mulder ? Can you hear me ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? You 're a little spy . No ! No ! Mulder ? Mulder , can you hear me ? What happened ? I don 't know . It just hit me . You fell to your knees and you grabbed your head like you were in terrible pain . You were completely nonresponsive . Do you remember any of that ? No . I remember what i saw . What do you mean ? I had a very vivid flashback to my childhood , except i was there . Do you remember anything else ? No , just that it was very real . Your heart is racing . What do you think it was ? It was some kind of seizure , some kind of acute physiological disturbance . I couldn 't tell if you lost consciousness , but it was definitely some kind of clonic event . Kind of an electrical storm in the brain . Brought on by what ? That 's what a specialist is gonna have to tell you . I feel really good right now . Mulder , you are not really good . I think i 've been here before . In your childhood ? Maybe . I don 't think anybody 's lived here in a long time . I 'm gonna check upstairs . Mulder . There 's a gunshot wound to her heart . This must be amy cassandra ... and her husband . They 'd like to ask you some questions . I told them about your condition . You don 't have to speak to them . You mean not without my attorney present ? Mulder , i refuse to believe you had any part in this . I had those people 's blood on my shirt , scully . I was missing for two days . I have no recollection of my actions during those two days . There were two rounds discharged from my gun . I had the keys to this house , the keys to their car . Do the words " orenthal james simpson " mean anything to you ? How you feeling , agent mulder ? I 'm a little confused . Your partner here says you 're suffering from some kind of a seizure , that you had one right here in the yard . What brought you to this house , agent mulder ? I don 't know . I think i may have come here as a kid . You think ? My parents had a summerhouse in quonochontaug , so ... but you don 't know anything about david or amy cassandra , the victims ? I don 't ever remember meeting them , no . So you 're saying the first time you saw them ... is when you walked into this house , using their keys and you found them on the floor ? That 's what i 'm saying . We got plenty of prints in that house , some with blood on them . We 're gonna run those prints , agent mulder . Is that the story you want to stick with ? For now . Would you like to come down to the station and elaborate on that statement ? Agent mulder 's not going anywhere but to a hospital . Okay ... but we 're all going down there together . Agent mulder , i 'd like you to ride with us . Mulder , i 'd advise you not to say anything more , not until i take a look at those bodies and the forensics reports . Amy anne cassandra , caucasian female . Birth records indicate her age at 62 years . The subject is 165 pounds , 67 inches in height . Preliminary exam indicates cause of death due to a gunshot wound to the chest . Powder burns and flashing at the point of entry ... approximately four inches below the clavicle , indicating the shot was delivered at point-blank range . Dorsal beveling of the shoulder blade is visible at the exit wound . The surrounding tissue is jagged and torn . There are no other signs of trauma present . Did you see this ? Yeah , from the scabbing , it looks like a preexisting , superficial puncture wound . Do you mind ? - What are you looking for ? - I 'm not sure . Do you have a magnifying glass ? Thanks . I want to make sure that in addition to the autopsy , you also do a craniotomy and a histological examination . - I think it 's clear what killed these people . - I think it is too , but what i 'm more interested in right now is why they died . What 's that ? Have you jogged your memory at all , agent mulder ? You want to change your story ? No . Why ? Because i have evidence here that contradicts what it is you 've told us . I haven 't really told you anything . You told us you haven 't been to that house since your childhood ... and that you didn 't know amy or david cassandra . And you 're telling me that what 's in that bag is evidence that i 'm a liar ? I 'm not saying you 're a liar , agent mulder . I would like to believe this memory lapse was real ... and you murdered these two people in some fit of blind insanity . What 's in the bag ? It isn 't your gun , which in our preliminary forensics analysis seems to be the murder weapon , judging from the slugs we pulled from the floor and the wall ... and the execution-style point-blank range . - Is any of this coming back to you , agent mulder ? - No . - Can i see what 's in the bag ? - Be my guest . There are two blood types on that shirt , agent mulder : One matching amy cassandra 's , the other matching david cassandra 's . Is that your shirt , agent mulder ? Yes . Can you explain how the blood of two people you claim not to know got onto your shirt ? No . What about the prints in the house ? Were they my prints ? You 're not gonna get a confession out of me ... because i can 't answer your questions because i don 't remember . You have the right to remain silent . You give up the right to remain silent , anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law . You have the right to speak with an attorney ... and have an attorney present during questioning . If you so desire and cannot afford one , an attorney will be appointed for you without charge before questioning . Do you understand each of the rights i have explained to you ? Mulder ... i 'm gonna get you out of here . You 're a doctor , not a lawyer , scully . Did you make a confession ? No , only to my own ignorance . Detective curtis , before you go through all that trouble , i need you to consider evidence ... that i think casts doubt on agent mulder 's involvement in this crime . What kind of evidence ? Medical evidence . The toxicology report on amy cassandra indicates ... there was a rapid-acting anesthetic called ketamine in her system . " Ketamine " ? That 's a veterinary drug , isn 't it ? Typically , but when ingested by a person it can cause hallucinations . So ? So i went to the hospital ... to go over agent mulder 's medical charts and blood work , and there are traces of the same drug in his system . How would that get there ? Probably injected . There was a small bruise from an injection on amy cassandra 's right hip . I think if you were examined again , we would find a corresponding puncture . Given by whom ? I don 't know , but the presence of such a powerful drug ... could explain his memory loss or the blackouts . Given the weight of all the other evidence , i think that 's all it explains . Scully ... you don 't have to do this . Mulder , you have to help me out . There is nothing here that points directly to your guilt . Unless somebody can show me , with absolute certainty , that you were holding the weapon that killed those two people , the rest of the narrative is far too convenient and suspect . The drug in your system already suggests other explanations . That i was partying with a few senior citizens ? You 're jailing an innocent man . Yeah , well , this way he won 't get lost for two days ... and do something else he won 't remember . Shot fired ! I 'm a doctor ! Somebody call the paramedics ! He 's dead . I need to speak with detective curtis right now . Did this officer have a history of depression or mental illness ? He 'd been remanded from his beat assignment to a desk job a year ago . His former partner had complained on a number of occasions ... about his tendency toward extreme irritability ... and confabulation of the truth . - How do you mean ? - The man we 're talking about had become ... something of a joke on the force . One of those guys who believes in ... extraterrestrials , stuff like that . Do you see these photos ? Yeah . Does this mean anything to you ? Should it ? I think it speaks to a pronounced mental illness . The compulsive and repetitive act ... of removing his own image from these photos leads me to believe ... that he not only believed these stories , but he was traumatized by them . I thought you told me this was gonna help explain something about your partner 's crime . What 's that ? Amy cassandra . Both your officer and amy cassandra ... had identical puncture wounds at the top of the frontal lobe . In her autopsy , amy cassandra 's was a deep puncture ... through the cranium to the dura mater . My officer had the same thing ? Yes . I think your officer knew of amy cassandra , and somehow his suicide is linked to her death , which leads me to believe that what we 're dealing with here is not murder . It 's something else . It 's possibly even a suicide pact . You 're gonna have to prove that to me . Not samantha ! No , not my baby ! Guard ! Guard ! I need to talk to someone ! Guard ! According to the corrections officer , agent mulder kept everybody awake last night . He 's demanding to talk to you . He finally shut up about an hour ago . Did he say about what ? I think your partner 's memories are coming back to him . I need to talk to him alone if you don 't mind . I heard you didn 't get much sleep . I didn 't kill those people . Scully . I know that . And i think i 've gathered enough evidence of your innocence to get you out of here . From where ? The forensics reports . The shirt you were wearing did have the victims ' blood on it , but the blood splatter pattern doesn 't match the point-of-entry detail . In fact , detective curtis and his team ... have been able to put together enough contradictory evidence ... to make a statement to the press ... saying the cassandras ' death was as a result of a murder-suicide . But i was there . Yes . And i still don 't remember why . I think i have an idea about that too . Amy cassandra believed she was an alien abductee . And i contacted her ? Yes . Apparently . According to an article i read on amy , she had begun psychiatric treatment that was effectively recovering her past . The repetitive behavior exhibited in those paintings that we saw ... was an expression of that treatment . But why shoot herself and her husband ? I can 't say definitively , but judging from an almost identical suicide ... of a police officer who was receiving the same psychiatric care , i believe the victims were suffering from something called waxman-geshwin syndrome . The symptoms of which are trance-like states ... leading to vivid dreams about the past ; dreams that are more detailed than the conscious mind can recall . It 's also called dostoyevsky 's syndrome ... because the russian novelist was suffering from it too . What was i doing there and why didn 't i do anything to stop it ? I can 't explain that . I 've arranged for your arraignment in one hour . I think that by then detective curtis and i will have gathered ... enough forensics data that you 'll be released . I still need to know why though . This is the office of the psychologist that treated amy cassandra . Have you been here before ? I don 't know , but we found my car . It 's been here a few days . What was the name of that psychologist ? Hello . Dr. Goldstein ? My name is fox mulder . Have we met ? I don 't believe so . My receptionist says you 're from the f.b.i. ? Yes , we 're investigating the deaths of amy and david cassandra . We understand that amy was a patient of yours ? Yes . Please , sit down . I was very upset to learn about amy . She was a troubled woman who 'd struggled through ... an unfortunate period of darkness in her life . Are you referring to her belief that she was an abductee ? This term " alien abductee " ... although i recognize there is an associated syndrome ... and a rather remarkable collection of shared experiences ... for those who believe in the phenomena , my treat of amy was simply an aggressive method ... to access buried or repressed memories . How do you mean " aggressive " ? I use a method of therapy that simulates an electrical impulse in the brain ... using light and sound . Did you also use this treatment on a police officer named michael fazekus ? Yes . Why ? Mr. Fazekus shot himself in the head last night . Oh , my god . Is this an accepted form of medical treatment ? It 's unconventional , but it 's not invasive . Are you familiar with waxman-geshwin syndrome , dr . Goldstein ? Yes . Did you know amy cassandra suffered from it ? Waxman-geshwin , if you know anything about it , is not necessarily a destructive condition . In fact , amy , after undergoing treatment , experienced periods of extreme happiness and creativity . But you had no idea , you had no indication she might have taken her own life ? no ! Of course not . I have been in practice for over 40 years . I have a very good ethical and professional reputation ... if you 'd care to check . That won 't be necessary . I know what you do . I have been here before , scully . I met dr . Goldstein with amy cassandra . This man is lying about more than that . I think that he administered the ketamine to amy and to you . I think that you were treated by him and that your blackouts , these seizures , are a result . I think you 're right . Why would you do that , mulder ? Why would you undergo something as crazy and dangerous as this ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? My baby ! Mulder ? I 'm fine . No , i am not going to take that for an answer . You do not belong at work . You need to be somewhere where you can be monitored . You are a danger to yourself and a danger to me . Are you hearing me ? Give me the car keys . No , you 're not driving . You 're not doing anything until these symptoms go away . Scully , i don 't want these symptoms to go away . Whatever 's happening to me , whatever treatment i 've received ... is allowing me to go back into my unconscious . The truth is in there , recorded , and i 've gotten access to it . What happened to my sister , the reason she was taken , it 's beginning to become clear to me and i need to know that . Now give me the car keys . To go where ? To my mother 's in greenwich . Okay ... but i 'm driving . Fox . I need to speak to you . What 's happened , fox ? Why have you come here ? You 've kept things from me . You 've kept secrets from me . What 's the matter with him ? He 's undergone a treatment . He believes it 's helped him to remember things . Remember what ? You told me that when they took samantha , it was because you had to make a choice . But that 's not how it happened . It wasn 't your choice to make . What do you want to hear from me ? I want to know what happened that night on quonochontaug , and i need to speak to you privately . You had some kind of relationship with him . Who ? You know who . The man who worked with my father . The man who came to you that night when i was 12 , and forced you to choose samantha . No , fox ... yes ! You betrayed my father , your husband . Never . How far back did it go ? How dare you ! How dare you come here and accuse me . Who is my father ? What do you want , to kill him again ? Just answer the question , mom . Just answer the question ! I am your mother , and i will not tolerate any more of your questions ! You 're bleeding , fox . What did you do to me ? I told you ... you treated me . I asked you to treat me to recover my past . I did nothing wrong . You put a hole in my head . A slight electrical stimulation . You triggered my memory . Yes , as you had hoped . Now i want you to finish the job . Let 's do it . I want to remember . You 're a spy . Fox ? Fox . - You 're a spy . - Why ? Fox ? - Not samantha ! - Fox ! Dr. Charles goldstein ? Dr. Goldstein , you 're under arrest . Please keep your hands where they are . Bag those gloves as evidence . Someone read him his rights . Hands behind your back , please . Where is he ? Mulder ? Where 's mulder ? He 's not here . Did you ask dr . Goldstein ? Goldstein wouldn 't say one way or the other . Stop that car ! Hey ! Hold it , dan ! Hold up ! Open the back door . What did you do to him ? I know he came back here . This is the only place he would have gone . Did you treat him ? Damn it ! Answer me ! Yes . Where is he now ? I don 't know where he went . What was the last thing he said to you ? He said he was going to exorcise his demons . Agent scully ? Yeah . Frank imhop . Hi . Is he in there ? Saw the light go on a couple minutes ago . Gotta be somebody in there . We got here as soon as you called . All right . That man in there is armed . He is a federal officer in dire need of medical attention . He is not himself . Now i 'm going in there . If at any time he should flee that house , you need to tell your officers not to shoot . Mulder ? Leave me alone , scully . Mulder , it 's me . Scully , leave me alone . Fox . It 's all falling into place . - Put down the gun . - No , don 't try to stop me . Please , mulder . Wake up , fox . No ! She 's my baby ! I 'm afraid , fox . I 'm afraid . - Get away ! - Are you gonna shoot me ? Is that how much this means to you ? Mulder , listen to me . You have been given a powerful hallucinogen . You don 't know that these memories are yours . This is not the way to the truth , mulder . - You 've got to trust me . - Shut up ! Put down the gun . Let it go . We 've got shots fired ! Move ! Although cleared of any wrongdoing ... in the deaths of amy and david cassandra , agent mulder still has no recollection of the events that led to their deaths . His seizures have subsided with no evidence of permanent cerebral damage , but i 'm concerned that this experience will have a lasting effect . Agent mulder undertook this treatment hoping to lay claim to his past ; that by retrieving memories lost to him , he might finally understand the path he 's on . But if that knowledge remains elusive , and if it 's only by knowing where he 's been that he can hope to understand where he 's going , then i fear agent mulder may lose his course ... and the truths he 's seeking from his childhood will continue to evade him , driving him more dangerously forward in impossible pursuit . I made this !
