 [ Organ ] Have yourself a merry little Christmas Let yourself be light From now on our troubles will be out of sight - I almost gave up on you . - Sorry . Checkout lines were worse than rush hour on the 95 . If I heard " " Silent Night " one more time , I was gonna start taking hostages . - What are we doing here ? - Stakeout . - On Christmas Eve ? - It 's an important date . - No kidding . - Important to why we 're here . Turn off your car and I 'll fill you in on the details . Mulder , I 've got wrapping to do . It 's the night before Christmas . Oh . Happy golden days of yore Let 's hear it . Give me the details . Look , if you 've got Christmas stuff to do , I don 't want to , you know- - I drove out here . I might as well know why , right ? I just thought you 'd be more ... curious . - Who lives in the house ? - No one . - Then who are we staking out ? - The former occupants . - They 've come back ? - That 's the story . I see . The dark , gothic manor . The omnipresent low fog , hugging the thicket of overgrowth . Wait . Is that a hound I hear baying out in the moors ? No . Actually , that was a left cheek sneak . Mulder , tell me you didn 't call me out here on Christmas Eve ... - to go ghostbusting with you . - Technically speaking , they 're called apparitions . Mulder , call it what you want . I 've got holiday cheer to spread . I 've got a family roll call under the tree at 6 : 00 a.m. I 'll make it fast . I 'll just give you the details . - Okay . - Christmas , 1 91 7 . It was a time of dark , dark despair . American soldiers were dying at an ungodly rate in a war-torn Europe , while at home , a deadly flu virus attacked young and old alike . Tragedy was a visitor on every doorstep , while a creeping hopelessness set in with every man , woman and child . It was a time of dark , dark despair . You said that . But here at 1 501 Larkspur Lane , for a pair of star-crossed lovers , tragedy came not from war or pestilence , not by the boot heel or the bombardier , but by their own innocent hand . - Go on . - His name was Maurice . He was a brooding but heroic young man ... beloved of Lyda , a beauty with a light that followed her wherever she went . They were likened to two angels descended from heaven , whom the gods could not protect from the horrors ... being visited upon this cold , gray earth . And what happened to them ? Driven by a tragic fear of separation , they forged a lovers ' pact ... so that they might spend eternity together ... and not spend one precious Christmas apart . They killed themselves ? And their ghosts haunt this house every Christmas Eve . I just gave myself chills . It 's a good story , Mulder , and very well told , but I don 't believe it . - You don 't believe in ghosts ? - That surprises you ? Well , yeah . I thought everybody believed in ghosts . Mulder , if it were any other night , I might let you talk me into it , but the halls are decked , and I got to go . - My best to the family . - What are you doing ? - Mulder , don 't you have somewhere to be ? - Just gonna take a look . I 'm not going to do it . My New Year 's resolution . - [ Thunder Crashing ] - Mulder ? - Change your mind ? - Did you take my car keys ? - No . - Come on , Mulder . Don 't kid around . - Why would I take your car keys ? - Maybe you , uh- - Maybe you grabbed them by mistake . Maybe it was a ghost . [ Thumping ] [ Clock Chiming ] [ Wind Howling ] Cold wind . There must be a window open upstairs . The weather report said that there was an 80 % chance of rain . Maybe even a- - Maybe even a white Christmas . [ Thunderclap ] [ Thunder Crashing ] I think the spirits are among us . Quit trying to scare me and help me get these doors open . Sounds like there 's somebody walking around upstairs . - [ Thump ] - There . You hear that ? Mulder , I really have to go . - There 's nothing to be afraid of . - I 'm not afraid , okay ? Ghosts are benevolent entities . - [ Thumping Continues ] - Mostly . You are not scaring me , Mulder . Look , I really have to get home . [ Thunderclap ] - Mulder- - - Shh ! - What was that ? - These are tricks that the mind plays . They are ingrained cliches from a thousand different horror films . When we hear a sound , we get a chill . We see a shadow , and we allow ourselves to imagine something ... that an otherwise rational person would discount out of hand . The whole- - Mulder ? The whole idea of a benevolent entity fits perfectly with what I 'm saying . That a spirit would materialize or return ... for no other purpose than to show itself is silly and ridiculous . What it really shows is how silly and ridiculous we have become ... in believing such things . I mean , that we can ignore all natural laws about the corporeal body , that we witness these spirits clad in their own shabby outfits , with the same old haircuts and hairstyles , never aging , never in search of more comfortable surroundings . It actually ends up saying more about the living than it does about the dead . Mulder , it doesn 't take an advanced degree in psychology to understand ... the unconscious yearnings that these imaginings satisfy . You know , the longing for immortality , the hope that there is something beyond this mortal coil , that we might never belong without our loved ones . These are powerful , powerful desires . I mean , they 're the very essence of what make us human . The very essence of Christmas , actually . [ Door Creaks Open ] Tell me you 're not afraid . All right . I 'm afraid . - But it 's an irrational fear . - [ Thunderclap ] - I got your back . - Thank you . Mulder , did it occur to you that there aren 't ghosts here , - but that somebody actually might be living in this house ? - No one lives here . But when you and I were sitting out in the car , there was not a light on , and look at this . [ Thunder Crashing ] Must have been some kind of electrical surge . Mulder , did you happen to notice the clock downstairs is keeping perfect time ? Is it ? And how do you explain that ? This fire has just gone out . Yeah . Don 't look so disappointed . Why would anyone want to live in a cursed house ? Mulder , it 's not enough that it 's haunted , it has to be cursed ? Every couple that 's ever lived here has met a tragic end . Three double murders in the last 80 years , all on Christmas Eve . - [ Hinge Creaking ] - [ Thunder Crashing ] - [ Hinge Creaking ] - [ Thunder Crashing ] - Whoa . - [ Thumping ] There 's that sound again . [ Thumping Continues ] Mulder ? [ Screams ] - [ Laughs ] - That 's not funny ! I think there 's a hiding space under the floorboards . What are you going to do ? - There may be somebody trapped . I got to get them out . - Mulder , don 't . - Not now . - Hey , you have a gun , right ? Rationally , you 've been in much more dangerous situations . Well , I was half right . Oh , my God . Hey , Scully . Look at this . It 's a woman . Mulder , it looks like they were shot to death . - You know what 's weird ? - What ? Mulder , she 's wearing my outfit . How embarrassing . Yeah , well , you know what ? He 's wearing yours . Oh , Scully . That 's us . Hey , Scully . This is the same room . All right . - I 'm beginning to get this . - Yeah . You go through that door , and I- - - I should come out this door . - Right . - Mulder ? - Scully ! Scully ! Hey , Scully ! Scully , can you hear me ? [ Man ] Hey ! - Who are you ? - That 's a question I should be asking , being this is my house you 're standing in . This isn 't one of those home invasions , is it ? - No . - Good . Would you like me to show you the door ? - That 's very funny . - I wasn 't making a joke . - Have you looked at the door ? - Uh-huh . I 'm looking at it now . - Tell me what you see . - I see a door with the lock shot off it . You gonna pay for that ? That 's a door with a brick wall behind it . Okay , sure . You 're playing tricks on me . If I am , I 'm sorry , but I don 't know any tricks . Yeah ? That 's a trick in itself , isn 't it ? You 've been playing tricks on us since we got here . Am I to take it we 're not alone ? [ Laughs ] That 's very funny , coming from a ghost . [ Laughing ] Yeah , yeah ! Oh , the gun fooled me a little at first . You 're a ghost hunter , huh ? And- - And you think I 'm a ghost , huh ? I 've seen a lot of strange folks come around here ... with a lot of strange equipment , but I think you must be the first I 've seen come armed . - Strange folks ? - Mm-hmm . Like those folks under the floor- - - How did you do that ? - I didn 't do anything . There were corpses here . Bodies buried in the floorboards . Why don 't you have a seat , son ? - You drink ? Take drugs ? - No . No . - Get high ? - No . Are you overcome by the impulse to make everyone believe you ? I 'm in the field of mental health . I specialize in disorders and manias ... related to pathological behavior as it pertains to the paranormal . Wow . I didn 't know such a thing existed . [ Chuckles ] My specialty is in what I call " " soul prospectors . " A cross axial classification I 've codified ... by extensive interaction with visitors like yourself . I 've found you all tend to fall into pretty much the same category . What category is that ? Narcissistic , overzealous , self-righteous egomaniac . Wow . That 's a category ? You kindly think of yourself as single-minded , but you 're prone to obsessive compulsiveness , workaholism , antisocialism . Fertile fields for the descent into ... total wacko breakdown . I don 't think that pegs me , exactly . Oh , really ? Waving a gun around my house , huh ? Raving like a lunatic about some imaginary brick wall ? You 've probably convinced yourself you 've seen aliens . You know why you think you see the things you do ? Because I have seen them ? 'Cause you 're a lonely man . A lonely man ... chasing paramasturbatory illusions ... that you believe will give your life meaning and significance , which your pathetic social maladjustment ... makes impossible for you to find elsewhere . You probably consider yourself ... passionate , serious , misunderstood , am I right ? Paramasturbatory ? Most people would rather stick their fingers in a wall socket than spend a minute with you . All right , now , just back off for a second . - You spend every Christmas this way- - alone ? - I 'm not alone . More self-delusion . No , I came here with my partner . She 's somewhere in the house . Behind a brick wall ? How 'd you get her to come with you ? Steal her car keys ? You know why you do it- - listen endlessly to her droning rationalizations . 'Cause you 're afraid . Afraid of the loneliness . Am I right ? I 'd just like to find my partner . Good . Easy . Piece of cake . Brick wall ... or brick wall ? Go ahead , change your life . [ Thunder Crashing ] Mulder ? - [ Screaming ] - [ Screaming ] - No ! I won 't hurt you . - I 'm a federal agent ! I 'm armed ! - You 're what ? - I 'm armed . I 'm armed ! - You 're a federal agent ? - Please , I 'm a little on edge . Don 't come any closer . My name is Special Agent Dana Scully . And , uh , I can- - - I can show you my I.D. - My goodness . - I thought you were a ghost . - I can assure you that I 'm not . I got stuck in this room looking for my partner . Oh , the gangly fellow with the distinguished profile . - You 've seen him ? - With you in the foyer . I thought he was a ghost too . Oh . That was you . I sleepwalk sometimes . I thought maybe I 'd dreamed it . But then here you were again . I am sorry . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to scare you . I , uh- - It 's just that we found bodies . Bodies ? Where ? Right- - You look like you saw a ghost . There are ghosts in this house , you know . [ Thunder Rumbling ] Who are you ? I live here , thank you very much . - Where 's my partner ? - Why are you pointing that gun ? There were corpses right there underneath the floor ! [ Chuckling ] I think maybe the ghosts have been playing tricks on you . I don 't believe in ghosts . Then what are you doing here ? It 's my partner . - He believes in ghosts ? - Yeah . Oh , you poor child . You must have an awful small life , spending your Christmas Eve with him ... and running around chasing things you don 't even believe in . Don 't come any closer . I can see it in your face : the fear , the conflicted yearnings , a subconscious desire to find fulfillment through another . Intimacy through codependency . What ? Maybe you repress the truth about why you 're really here , pretending it 's out of duty or loyalty , unable to admit your dirty little secret . Your only joy in life is proving him wrong . You don 't know me . And you don 't live here . This isn 't your house . You wouldn 't think so , the way I 'm being treated . - Well , then why is all the furniture covered ? - We 're having the house painted . - Where 's your Christmas tree ? - We 'reJewish . Boo ! [ Door Opens ] [ Door Opens ] Hold it right there ! Don 't make me shoot you ! Just stay where you are ! - We really attract them , don 't we ? - [ Chuckling ] - Where 's Mulder ? - Mulder ? Is that his name ? - Where is he ? - He 'll be along . Move over there . Both of you , move . Move over there . Move over there ! This violates our civil rights . I have friends at the ACLU . Put your hands up . You see what we 've resorted to ? Gimmicks and cheap tricks . We used to be so good at this . We used to have years to drive them mad . Now we get one night . This pop psychology approach is crap . All it does is annoy them . When 's the last time we actually haunted anyone ? When was the last time we had a good double murder ? Not since the house was condemned . This is embarrassing . Amateur kid stuff . Look , if we let our reputations slip , they 're going to take us off the tourist literature . - Last year no one even showed up . - Oh- - Of all days , why did you pick Christmas ? Why not Halloween ? Now , who is filled with hopelessness and futility on Halloween ? Christmas comes but once a year . You 're right . And these two do seem pretty miserable . We need to show them just how lonely Christmas can be . - Now that 's the old Yuletide spirit . - [ Chuckles ] [ Thunder Crashing ] [ Laughing ] [ Laughing ] - Are you Agent Mulder ? - Who are you , now ? What are you doing using my chair for a ladder ? - I 'm trying to get out of this room . - Trying to get out ? - Excuse me . - No , no . You can 't get out that way . - Masher . - Frump . I don 't know who you 're calling a frump , but I don 't appreciate that , being manhandled or called names . - Certainly not at this hour . - You 're a ghost . More names ! What happened to the star-crossed lovers ? Let me tell you , the romance is the first thing to go . It 's you . You 're Lyda , and that was Maurice . But you 've ... aged . I hope your partner finds you a lot more charming than I do . [ Thunderclap ] Let 's see . Where is it ? No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no no , no , no , no , no , no . [ Gasps ] There it is . I was young and beautiful once , just like your partner . Look at us . Maurice was so handsome . He didn 't have a gut . I hope you 're not expecting any great advantages to all this . To all what ? I 'm assuming you came here with similar misconceptions . - We came here looking for you . - Oh , yeah ? You didn 't come here to be together for eternity ? No . Because you 're filled with despair and woeful Christmas melancholy ? Why ? [ Sighs ] Maybe it was your partner , then . What about her ? - You knew this house was haunted . - Yeah . Maybe you two should 've discussed your real feelings before you came out here . I 'm speaking from experience . - What experience ? - I 'm not gonna get into semantics . A murder-suicide is all about trust . - I thought you had a lovers ' pact . - [ Laughs ] Poetic illusions aside , the outcome , Mulder , is pretty much the same . Ohh ! - I don 't show my hole to just anyone . - Why are you showing it to me ? It isn 't like you 're gonna be eating any Christmas ham , is it ? Oh , you 're trying to tell me that Scully 's going to shoot me . Scully is not going to shoot me . Suit yourself , but if you shoot first , - for her , the rest is an act of faith . - I wouldn 't shoot her . - for her , the rest is an act of faith . - I wouldn 't shoot her . - Maybe she shoots herself . - I wouldn 't let her . The bodies under the floor , maybe that was just some kind ofJungian symbolism . Or maybe there 's a secret lovers ' pact . [ Sighs ] We 're not lovers . And this isn 't a pure science . But you 're both so attractive , and there 'll be a lot of time to work that out . Go ahead , take it . - Take it . - [ Thunderclap ] Think of it as the last Christmas you 'll ever spend alone . [ Rattles Doorknob ] I locked it . - For your protection . - Stay away from me . Look , I want you to get me out of here . I am quite capable of pulling this trigger . Glad to hear it . You may well have to defend yourself ... against that crazy partner of yours . What have you done with him ? Kept him safe from his own mad devices , at least for now . Do you have any idea why he brought you here to this house ? Look , all I know is this is just some bad dream . This is all in my head . Yet here you are waving a gun at me , like your partner . - [ Banging On Door ] - [ Mulder ] Scully ! Do you realize how seriously disturbed that man is ? How dark and lonely ? - What he 's capable of ? - Scully ! - Mulder ! - Want your car keys ? [ Thunderclap ] - Where did you get those ? - He 's got nowhere to go this Christmas . No one to go with . Did he happen to mention a story about a lovers ' pact ? Where did you get those keys ? The man is acting out an unconscious yearning . The deep-seated terror of being alone . - [ Banging On Door ] - [ Mulder ] Scully ! - Scully , are you there ? - I 'm here , Mulder ! - Open the door , Scully ! - [ Doorknob Rattling ] Open the door . I 've seen it happen too many times in this house . I don 't believe you . Just open the door . Open the door ! - Where 's Scully ? - Mulder . Mulder , what are you doing ? Mulder ! There 's no getting out of here , Scully . There 's no way home . Mulder , come on . Mulder , don 't come any closer . You 're scaring me . - Put the gun down ! - You gonna shoot me ? I 'm not gonna shoot you ! I don 't want to shoot you ! It 's me or you . You or me . One of us has to do it . Mulder , look , we don 't have to do this . - Oh , yes , we do ! - We can get out of here . Even if we could , what 's waiting for us ? More loneliness ! And then 365 more shopping days till even more loneliness ! I don 't believe what you 're saying . I don 't believe a word of it . Merry Christmas , Scully . And a happy New Year . Let me go ! - Let me go ! - Come on back ! Let me go ! [ Mulder ] Let me go ! Scully ! Hey , Scully . Mulder . Is that you ? - What did you do ? - I didn 't believe it , Mulder . You didn 't believe what ? I didn 't believe that you 'd do it . That I would- - Merry Christmas , Mulder . - What are you doing ? - [ Gunshot ] Scu- - Scul- - [ Laughing ] Have yourself a merry little Christmas Let yourself be light From now on your troubles will be out of sight [ Groans ] Have yourself a merry little Christmas Make the Yuletide gay From now on our troubles will be miles away [ Thunderclap ] Here we are as in olden days - Scully ? - Happy golden days of yore Faithful friends who are dear to us Gather near to us - Scully ! - Once more Through the years we all will be together - Until then we 'll have to muddle through somehow - I 'm not gonna make it . No , you 're not . Not without me , you 're not . Are you afraid , Mulder ? [ Groans ] I am . I am too . Faithful friends who are dear to us Gather near to us You should have thought of this . - You should have . - You shot me first ! I didn 't shoot you . You shot me . If the fates allow Until then we 'll have to muddle through somehow [ Thunderclap ] Scully . What ? [ Coughs ] Get up . I can 't . Get up . You 're not shot . What ? Come on . It 's a trick . It 's all in your head . Faithful friends who are dear to us Gather near to us once more Through the years we all will be together If the fates allow Hang a shining star upon the highest bough - And have yourself - [ Engine Starts ] - A merry little Christmas - [ Chiming ] - Now - You hear that ? It 's Christmas . One for the books . - We almost had those two , didn 't we ? - [ Chuckles ] Almost had ' em . Two such lonely souls . Can 't let our failures haunt us . You wonder what they were really out here looking for . Hard to say . People now , this is just another joyless day of the year . - Not for us . - No . We haven 't forgotten the meaning of Christmas . [ Man Chuckling ] [ Continues Chuckling ] I don 't deserve to be so happy . I can 't help it . [ Chuckling ] I just can 't help it . Scrooge was better than his word . - [ Knock On Door ] - He became as good a friend , as good a master ... - and as good a man as the good old city ever knew , - [ Knocking Continues ] or any other good old city , town or borough in the good old world . And to Tiny Tim - - I , uh- - I couldn 't sleep . I was , um- - - Can I come in ? - Yeah . Aren 't you supposed to be opening Christmas gifts with your family ? Mulder , none of that really happened out there tonight . That was all in our heads , right ? It must have been . Not that my only joy in life is proving you wrong . When have you proved me wrong ? Well , why else would you want me out there with you ? You didn 't want to be there ? Oh , that 's , um , self-righteous and ... narcissistic of me to say , isn 't it ? No , I mean , maybe I did want to be out there with you . You know , I know we said that we weren 't going to exchange gifts , but , uh , I got you a little something . - Mulder . - Merry Christmas . Well , I got you a little something too . And have yourself A merry little Christmas Now [ Child ] I made this ! [ Child ] I made this !
