 [ Machinery Beeping , Metal Clattering ] [ Beeping Continues ] [ Beeping ] [ Instrument Whirring ] Dr. Openshaw , congratulations . Your work- - it 's completed . You should see her . Twenty-five years . She must seem like an old friend . Yes . We 're , uh , going out to celebrate . - If you 'd like to come- - - No . You go on ahead . [ Gasping ] [ Screaming ] Oh , God ! - [ Men Screaming ] - [ Man ] No ! [ Grunts , Groans ] This is the end . I never thought I 'd hear myself say those words after all these years . When you put your life into something , build it , protect it , the end is as unimaginable as your own death ... or the death of your children . I could never have scripted the events that led us to this . None of us could . All the brilliant men , the secret that we kept so well . It happened simply , like this . We had a perfect conspiracy ... with an alien race- - aliens who were coming to reclaim this planet ... and to destroy all human life . Our job was to secretly prepare the way ... for their invasion , to create for them a slave race of human / alien hybrids . They were good plans , right plans , kept secret for over 50 years , ever since the crash at Roswell , kept secret from men like Fox Mulder . Plans that would have worked ... had not a rebel alien race come to destroy them , had not my own son chosen betrayal ... or chosen to betray more wisely . A.D. Skinner , I- - I didn 't hear the elevator . I was working here . Working on what , Agent Spender ? [ Clears Throat ] Progress report on the X-Files . - Progress report to who ? - Just a file . I wasn 't aware that you 'd made any progress . In the months since your assignment , I 've received but one memorandum . Are you planning to hit me all at once ? Uh , it 's been slow going . The truth is , your purpose is not to make any progress , isn 't it ? The truth is , you have no interest in the X-Files ... beyond a certain personal case . - Your mother 's abduction . - Alleged abduction . That 's what I 'm here about . [ Fire Extinguisher Spraying ] - What happened here ? - [ Skinner ] No one knows yet . A group of people were burned alive here . And a man 's on life support . - Only your mother survived . - Where is she ? - Where is she ? - They 've got her outside . Mom . Mom . It 's me , Jeffrey . Mom , what happened to you ? You 've been gone so long , I thought I 'd never see you again . Oh , don 't cry , honey . Where have you been ? What did they do to you ? - I need to talk to someone . - You can tell me . I need to speak to Agent Mulder . - I don 't want him talking with her . - Why ? He 's forbidden from the X-Files . He 's to stay out of this . - She 's asking for him . - She 's my mother . What are you afraid of ? Mulder filling her head with alien-abduction nonsense . Are you afraid of the truth ? I want to know who did this to her and why . That 's all I want . Then why not use every resource available to you ? I 'll send you a progress report . My son refused to believe that his mother had been abducted , though it had been going on for years . Even after I schemed to put him in charge of the X-Files , where Fox Mulder had amassed so much evidence of our secret plans , he still couldn 't bring himself to accept the possibility of alien life . When he did come to believe , when the facts became so glaring , he turned not to me , his father , but to the man I 'd ruined , the man I 'd chosen for him to replace . Hey , milk , let 's play ball . Yo , homestyle , cough up the rock . [ Man ] Wanna rotate in ? [ Man Yells ] Yeah . - Game . - Oh , nah . It don 't work like that . Hey , homegirl . Word up . Mulder , it 's my distinct impression that you just cheated ... and that you 're not coming in again today . Scully , I got game . You got so much game , I 'm wondering if you have any work left in you . No , I 'm ready toJ-O-B , just not on some jagoff shoeshine tip . No jagoff shoeshine tip ? No background checking jagoff shoeshine tip . About yourJ-O-B , Mulder , somebody 's been trying very hard to reach you by phone , somebody who wants you back at the F.B.I. A.S.A.P. - About what ? - About an X-File . [ Phone Rings ] You looking for work , Agent Spender ? 'Cause if you are , I got a whole pile in that middle drawer I 'd love to shove down someone 's throat . I was writing you a note . You know why I 'm here . They found your mother . She wants to talk to you . I didn 't hear the magic word . - I 'm not gonna get down on my knees . - Are you asking me ? My mother 's been gone for almost a year . She turns up in a train car ... where she 's been operated on by doctors who were burned alive . I just want the truth . Well , the truth is out there , Agent Spender . Maybe you should find it for yourself . [ Machinery Beeping ] [ Air Hissing ] I expected you sooner . I 've been at the train yard . I 'm trying to tidy things up . The overkill will be hard to divert attention from , but not as hard as from Cassandra . You have no idea , do you ? Cassandra is a success . No . She can 't be . Not now . I had prepared a syringe for her , as agreed . But the rebels came . They saved her to expose us . She 's the key to everything . I won 't let her out of our hands . They will run medical tests on her . It 's only a matter of time . Cassandra must be terminated . They will come and question me . I know . I 'm sorry . [ Air Hissing ] [ Beeping Faster ] [ Beeping Faster ] A man should never live long enough to see his children- - or his work- - destroyed . [ Fast Beeping Continues ] [ Beeping Faster ] [ Phone Ringing ] Hello . [ Cigarette-Smoking Man ] Have you heard the news ? - No . - The rebels have struck . - Where ? - In V irginia ... during one of our medical procedures . They killed the project doctors , burned them . - All of them ? - Yes . Dr. Openshaw died in the hyperbaric chamber this evening . My God . I 've called an emergency meeting of the syndicate . Only the future rides on our response . I 'll be on a plane . [ Doorbell Rings ] - Dr. Openshaw . - I 've come to see you . [ Grunting ] [ Screaming ] [ Keyboard Clicking ] - Didn 't expect to find you here . - Where 'd you expect to find me ? I thought Agent Spender offered you an X-File assignment . It wasn 't exactly an offer . But isn 't it just the opportunity you 've been waiting for ? It is an opportunity made to order for the powers that be . You think it 's a setup ? This is exactly the kind of mistake they 've been waiting for ... to come down on me full force . But Agent Spender asked you . Like I said , not exactly . We 've seen this before . Bodies set aflame with no conclusive cause of combustion . Mulder . I know . I was with Cassandra Spender when she disappeared . You sat with me while I was under hypnosis ... when I spoke of just these sorts of details . I have no doubt that what Cassandra would tell us ... would expose more than just what happened to her . I was taken to one of those train cars . I was tested just like Cassandra . What if what she tells us could - could expose ... who did this to me ? Mulder , Agent Spender doesn 't have to know . [ Door Opens ] Oh , my God . - My God . [ Chuckling ] - Cassandra . Oh , Dana . Oh , my God . It 's so good to see you . We 're old friends . If , if I can get ahold of a wheelchair , you want to go out for some fresh air ? I don 't need a wheelchair . But I am dying for a cigarette . It feels so good to walk . The doctors don 't know what to say . I told them they wouldn 't believe how it happened , and they wouldn 't . No , I 'm not gonna tell anybody this time , because nobody believes you anyway . They want to hear it , but they just think you 're crazy . Guess I wouldn 't believe it either ... except that it happened to me . No , I 'm only gonna tell somebody I can trust ... and who can do something about it . I was hoping , when I saw you , that Agent Mulder ... was going to be coming in the door behind you . I 've got a surprise for you , Cassandra . - Agent Mulder ? - Shh ! Shh , shh , shh ! Oh ! Oh , my God . Oh , my God ! I think I 'm going to pee the floor . - Don 't- - Don 't do that . - [ Laughing ] - Look at you . - I told you about their power . You said you didn 't believe it . Well , I had reasons for doubt when I met you , Cassandra . You just doubted yourself . You were just doubting you 'd ever see her again , weren 't you ? Your sister . Agent Mulder told me he believed he saw his sister last year . That wasn 't her , Agent Mulder . - Then where is she ? - Out there , with them . The aliens . [ Striking Match ] Cassandra , you were found in a train car . You 'd been operated on by doctors . Yes , that 's right . - These are the doctors who cured you ? - No , the aliens cured me . The doctors were working with the aliens . - That 's what I wanted to tell you . - What ? I told you that the aliens were here to do good ... and that I was being used as an oracle to spread the word . Only now I know what the aliens are here for , and it isn 't good . What are they here for ? To wipe us off the planet . They 're taking over the universe . They 're infecting all other life-forms ... with a black substance called Purity . It 's their life force . It 's what they 're made of . It 's the virus , the black oil . But , Cassandra , the doctors weren 't infected . They were burned . By another race of aliens . A rebel force that are mutilating their faces ... so that they won 't be infected . This is what I couldn 't tell my son Jeffrey . - Why couldn 't you tellJeffrey ? - Because he doesn 't believe me . Even though his life is in danger by these same rebel aliens . Spender 's life 's in danger ? He 's in with the men that have been working with the alien colonists ... for 50 years . Working to do what ? Whatever it is they did to me ... and to you , Dana . And you know who these men are ? Oh , sure . One of them 's my ex-husband , Jeffrey 's father . Cassandra was beginning to realize her role in the greatest science project ... that man had ever known . She was the center of 50 years of work , the key to all of our plans- - something even my colleagues didn 't realize yet . I killed to keep them unknowing . I killed Dr. Openshaw so they wouldn 't discover her ... when it 's Cassandra I should have killed , Cassandra who needed to die . I couldn 't do it . With all the blood on my hands , I couldn 't kill the mother of my own son , a woman I never even loved . My colleagues never knew , focused as they were on the new threat- - the faceless alien rebels who 'd burned our doctors alive . But my colleagues had become old men , blind to the fact that the faceless rebels ... already held the upper hand , that they 'd used their powers of disguise to infiltrate our group . [ Krycek ] Rebels have attacked and burned project facilities ... in New Mexico and the southwest . The medical staff at our Arizona research facility 's been slain . The train-car deaths cost us . Work on the human / alien hybrids will suffer the death of Dr. Openshaw . What do they want ? To expose our enterprise , everything we 've worked for . Well , some hotshot reporter 's gonna put the pieces together , not to mention law enforcement . We have our control on the federal agencies . Our new man at the F.B.I. ' s very capable of diverting attention . Why not side with the rebels ? Join their alien resistance . It 's an option . It 's an option you declined long ago . Resistance was futile then . Why would it be any less so now ? That 's why you voted against it , against men like Bill Mulder . Collaboration has allowed you to prepare , to stall colonization . How close are you to developing a human / alien hybrid ? That alone ensures your survival . As slave laborers for the aliens . What about your vaccine ? By collaborating , you bought yourself time ... to secretly develop a way to combat the aliens , to fight the future . Alex , enough ! For 50 years we 've worked on this project . Fifty years since Roswell . We can 't sacrifice ourselves for every new threat , can we now ? Why risk getting caught here ? They 're gonna be monitoring any work on our machines , in or out . We need access to files on a name that 'll raise flags . [ Beeping ] Maybe she was making it all up . [ Computer Beeps ] Smokey 's got a name . [ Typing ] [ Beeps ] Get up from the desk . Get up , turn the computer off , grab whatever you took or printed out and give it to me . Let 's go , Agents . They 're coming . - Who ? - Just go . Assistant Director . I 'll assume you came down to apprehend these agents for unauthorized entry ... into my office . I 'll make sure it 's duly noted in the report of their dismissal . I 've done as you 've asked . Mulder 's been brought up to his superiors . He and his partner will be processed out of the F.B.I. I 've done as you 've asked . Now , I would like you to do for me . Do for you ? - I think I 'm entitled . - To ? The truth . The truth about my mother . She won 't tell me . Because you won 't believe her . Maybe you won 't believe me . - Maybe it 's better not to know . - Look , I need to know . Show me that you 're capable of handling the responsibility ... that comes with this knowledge . Don 't try me , old man ! I gave you responsibility . I gave you a position . I gave you the things that you couldn 't get yourself , and you can 't do the job . Keeping Fox Mulder down is not a job ! It 's your dirty work . You pale to Fox Mulder . Bet you 're curious about C.G.B. What 's that ? C.G.B. Spender . His name- - cigarette-smoking man . What 's it stand for ? - [ Ball Swishes Through Net ] - It 's an alias , as far as I can figure . One of hundreds . Scully , wanna go one-on-one ? We got nothing but time now that we 're on administrative leave . Aren 't you curious what I 've got in the box ? Everything I could find on him . Nothing you could ever find would be accurate or credible . Maybe . But there 's a picture you 're gonna want to see . That 's C.G.B. Spender ... and my father . It was taken in 1 973 . I traced the connection to something they worked on together for 25 years ... at the State Department- - a highly classified project . There 's more , if you 're ready . Cassandra Spender is , indeed , the mother of AgentJeffrey Spender ... and the ex-wife of C.G.B. Spender . But there 's something that you 're gonna be surprised to find out . She was first abducted in 1 973 ... on the night of November 27 . That 's the same night as my sister . And there are other names connected to C.G.B. Spender and your father- - PhDs , doctors , one a Nobel winner for early works in genetics , a Dr. Eugene Openshaw . He was the doctor that was found amongst the burn victims ... clinging to life beside Cassandra Spender . He died the next day in the hospital ... before he was questioned . - The project is still going on . - Yeah . If Mulder hadn 't known of his father 's history with me , he was fueled now with names and dates and ... certainties . I couldn 't stop him any longer- - stop him from learning our sins , his father 's and my own . The truth was out there ... fatally exposed . I had one last hope , one chance to preserve my legacy . - I waited , like you asked . - Good . I 'm pleased . I was doubtful after our last meeting . You have a new job for me ? Yes . I may have been unduly harsh . You deserve a fighting chance ... to prove your father wrong . - What is it ? - A weapon . A man has infiltrated the group that I work with . - That 's to kill him . - I don 't understand . He 's pretending to be a member of our group , disguising himself as a man he 's already killed . You will greet him as that man . Engage him in conversation , then put that in the back of his neck . You can do it , Jeffrey . - [ Door Lock Locking ] - Watch where you point that . [ Doorbell Ringing ] Sir , my name is Jeffrey Spender . My father sent me to see you . I have a message from the group . - They 've changed their minds ? - That 's what I 'm here about . Sit , please . - What have you to tell me ? - Something I 've been entrusted with . It 's , uh- - It 's a name , actually , one that will have meaning for you . I 'm sorry . [ Grunting ] [ Groans ] [ Sighs ] [ Panting ] Thanks for coming . I know it 's late . You 've been forbidden to have any contact with us . Sir . You say Cassandra Spender 's life is in danger . Her life 's been in danger going on 30 years , just not the way it is now . In danger from who ? Men who have conducted medical experiments ... in what began as a secret government project , but what is now the most private global enterprise . Enterprising to do what ? To develop alien / human hybrids that will survive the viral apocalypse ... when aliens colonize the Earth . And I suppose you have proof of this ? Files that Agent Scully dug up ... that make the right connections to Dr. Eugene Openshaw , to my sister , to my father , to Agent Spender 's father . - Agent Spender 's father ? - The smoking man . - What ? - It 's true . We have documented evidence . Then you believe this , Agent Scully ? This whole account ? I know that Agent Scully has her doubts about the purposes of these experiments . I also know that she believes she was a test subject when she was abducted . If Cassandra Spender 's life is in danger , why not Scully 's ? I believe Cassandra Spender represents the final stages of these experiments- - that she may very well be the first successful alien / human hybrid . What I don 't understand is if she was a success , why is her life threatened ? Because ... the men who created her would rather kill her ... than let her expose the enterprise . She 's under 2 4-hour guard . Assigned by Agent Spender ? You 've never seen one before , have you ? It 's shocking at first- - the acceptance of the idea . It 's something you thought only children ... and fools believed in . It undermines your beliefs ... in yourself , in the world . - But then you come to understand . - Understand what ? The responsibility that this knowledge demands by the men who have it . The great sacrifice ... by great men like ... your father . What sacrifice ? The sacrifice of your mother . What do you know about that ? Just that she 's been the subject of an experiment for 25 years . My father 's involved in that ? - Is he ? - Your father directs the experiments . So I 'm protecting her now so the experiments can continue ? That 's why he put you on the X-Files . That 's why your father sent you here tonight . You 're protecting the project , Jeffrey , making the sacrifices ... so that you can be a great man too . I 'll be my own great man . I 've trusted no one . Treachery is the inevitable result of all affairs . Every man believes he has his own good reason . I have little doubt of my son 's disloyalty to me . Certainly he led Mulder and Scully to us . His mother must know by now her central role in the grand plan , that she 's as much alien as human . Do you wonder why I 've chosen you ? You 've never betrayed me . Now I need someone to trust . I 'll help you . It 's not too late . [ Door Opens ] [ Door Closes ] Cassandra ? Ms. Spender ? - Where 's my mother ? - You tell me , Agent Spender . Where 's the guard ? I-I had a guard posted here . I got here , and she was gone . - He took her . - Who ? - [ Dialing ] - Agent Spender ? [ Frantic Knocking ] - [ Panting ] - Cassandra . - I can 't believe I found you . - How did you find us ? Cassandra ? How did you get here ? How 'd you get out of your room ? - Where 'd you get your clothes ? - [ Knocking ] Agent Scully , Agent Mulder , you cannot let them find me . [ Knocking Continues ] - Stop it . Let go ! - You cannot let them have me . You have got to kill me now ! If you don 't kill me , it all starts ! There won 't be any stopping it . - [ Frantic Knocking ] - I am the one ! You have to shoot me , please ! [ Knocking Continues ] Mulder , what are you doing ? - Stand away , Scully . - Mulder ! - [ Knocking Continues ] - Mulder , we have to protect her . [ Harsh Pounding On Door ] - Mulder . Mulder ! - [ Pounding Continues ] [ Child ] I made this !
