 [ Mulder Narrating ] Two men - - young , idealistic , the fine product of a generation hardened by world war . Two fathers , whose paths would converge in a new battle - - an invisible war between a silent enemy and a sleeping giant ... on a scale to dwarf all historical conflicts . A 50 - years war . Its killing fields lying in wait ... for the inevitable global holocaust . Theirs was the dawn of Armageddon . And while the world was unaware , unwitting spectators ... to the hurly - burly of the decade 's long struggle ... between heaven and earth , there were those who prepared for the end - - who measured the size and power of the enemy and faced the choices : stand and fight , or bow to the will of a fearsome enemy . Or to surrender , : to yield and collaborate , : to save themselves and stay their enemy 's hand . Men who believed that victory was the absence of defeat , and survival the ultimate ideology ... no matter what the sacrifice . - Shoot me now before it 's too late ! - [ Banging On Door ] - Mulder ! - Shoot ! Who are you ? - What 's going on ? - Get down ! Get down on the floor ! - Who are you ? - Get down ! [ Shouting Continues ] On the floor ! [ Coughing , Gasping ] - Who are you ? - We 're with the Centers for Disease Control . Remain calm and where you are for your own good . You 're gonna be transported to a quarantine facility as soon as we can secure the environment . - Quarantine for what ? - A contagion . A contagion of unknown origin . [ Instrument Humming ] There must be some kind of mistake . I signed up for the aromatherapy treatment . Are we gonna be able to talk to somebody who can tell us what this is all about ? [ Door Closes ] Where the hell do you think we are ? I think based on our travel time , probably Fort Marlene . - High risk decontamination and quarantine . - [ Door Opens ] I 'm gonna beg for your forgiveness and understanding ... and offer my humblest apologies for the way this went down . I didn 't have a lot of choices . I owe your neighbors apologies as well . It 's gonna be some time before they get back in the building . We 're still acting on a C.D.C. level 4 quarantine protocol . Based on what information ? That Cassandra Spender had contracted a highly contagious vectoring organism ... which produces a spontaneous cellular breakdown and combustion . - What ? - She was and remains the only surviving victim ... of an unspecified medical experiment ... that killed seven doctors with violent and unexplained burning . - Who called you ? - Agent Spender . Where 's Cassandra ? She 's isolated , pending full and satisfactory medical evaluation . Cassandra Spender was in a general hospital environment for days . We met with her . And yet on a whim , you call in the third battalion . - It 's unjustified and highly suspicious as to motive . - Scully- - What motives are you suspecting ? - Your isolation of Cassandra . - She 's patient zero . No one is sick or infected here . I mean , I assumed that , based on you walking in here dressed to the nines ... offering apologies masquerading as explanations . - Scully . - Mulder , I wanna see Cassandra . - I told you , she 's isolated . - Yes , and I am a medical doctor . Who was suspended indefinitely from her position at the F.B.I. [ Door Opens , Closes ] They burned our clothes . Hey , I heard gray is the new black . Mulder , this stinks . And not just because I think that woman is a- - Well , I think you know what I think that woman is . No , actually . You hide your feelings very well . Agent Spender calling the Centers for Disease Control ? Mulder , this is just somebody using their position ... to stage a high-tech government kidnapping . Apparently not . I just spoke to A.D. Skinner . He was at the hospital when Cassandra went missing . He heard Spender make the phone call to the C.D.C. But she wasn 't sick , Mulder . I mean , the remarkable thing is she was well . Then why did she come to my apartment demanding to be killed ? Because of everything that had been done to her- - because of the tests , because of the medical experiments and the implant put in her neck . The same thing that was done to me . She just wants it to stop . And I 'm telling you , they have taken her so that it can continue . No , it won 't continue . It doesn 't have to anymore . She knows what she is , Scully . That 's why it 's so dangerous for her to be alive . She knows what she is , Scully . That 's why it 's so dangerous for her to be alive . That 's why she came to my apartment asking to be killed . What is she ? I think she 's the one , Scully . [ Man ] I recovered all the medical records from the hospital . The doctors who examined her before she escaped ... are telling us Cassandra Spender may be the culmination ... of 25 years of this group 's finest efforts . That 's why the rebels struck . They were trying to kill her . They killed everyone but her . They struck to keep her alive . - To keep us from killing her . - What do the rebels want ? To destroy us . They know that when the aliens learn of Cassandra , colonization will begin . We must destroy Cassandra . No . Let colonization begin . We must turn over Cassandra . Save ourselves . Bill Mulder was against this . He said this would be our tragic mistake . Bill Mulder sacrificed his only daughter because he knew this day would arrive . What choice have we ... if you want to see your families survive , if we want to see those we sacrificed returned to us ? Hello ? Hello ? Oh-Oh , ma 'am . Um , these shoes , they 're- - they 're two sizes too small . I was wondering if I could get a - - a pair that fit , maybe ! I can 't be seen with you . Marita ? If they catch me with you , they 'll kill me this time . Who ? The smoking man and his group . What have they done to you ? Tests . Terrible , terrible tests . Like the tests on Cassandra Spender ? No . No . Cassandra Spender is part of a program that 's been going on for 25 years . A hybrid program . But what were the tests on you ? I was infected with the alien virus , the black oil . My tests were on the vaccine against it ... being developed in secret . In secret from the alien colonists . The hybrid program was in cooperation with the aliens , but the conspirators never intended to succeed , to finish the work . They were buying time . - To make a vaccine . Build a weapon . - But Cassandra Spender happened . She 's the first , isn 't she ? She 's the first successful alien-human hybrid . If she is ... and the aliens learn a hybrid exists , colonization of the planet will begin ... with no stopping it . Jeffrey ? Jeffrey . - Jeffrey . - Mom . - How are you feeling ? - I 'm fine . - Why are they keeping me here ? - I 'm keeping you here because you 're safe here . - Safe from who ? - You know who . From my father . You can 't keep me safe from him . I can , Mom , and I 'm going to . There won 't be any more tests on you . You don 't understand . You don 't understand about me . I do . I understand everything now . You don 't understand what will happen- - what will happen to you if they find me out . - You 've got to let me go . - They 'll just hurt you again , Mom . Yes . You must let them , or everyone dies . Everyone . Jeffrey ? Please . Jeffrey ! Jeffrey ! Jeffrey ! [ Door Closes ] The latest in home security . Hey , you get through this , you gotta come through me . I got a call from Scully , said it was urgent . I 'll ask you to hear me out before you launch any objection . Mulder , I asked them to pull up everything they could on Diana Fowley . [ Sighs ] I don 't have time for this . Mulder , she 's playing you for a fool . - I know her , Scully . You don 't . - You knew her . You don 't anymore . I think we can prove that to you . She took a position in the F.B.I. ' s Foreign Counterterrorism Unit in 1 991 . Seven years in Europe . Yet there isn 't a single piece of information available ... on her activities in the F.B.I. files . [ Mock Gasp ] I hope you 've got something more than that to indict her with . Travel records pulled from airline manifests ... that have been purged from her F.B.I. records . Extensive movement throughout Western Europe . Almost weekly trips to and from Tunisia . For the purpose of what ? That 's what we couldn 't figure , until we took a flyer and we found this . - Mutual U.F.O. Network logs . - U.F.O.N. [ Scully ] Special Agent Diana Fowley of the F.B.I ... was visiting every European chapter ... collecting data on female abductees . - So she 's collecting data . Big deal . - Or hiding it . Scully , you 're reaching . Mulder , when I was abducted , a chip was put in my neck ... when I happened upon a U.F.O.N. group filled with women who 'd had the same experience . So you 're suggesting that Diana is monitoring these abductees , monitoring these tests ? You tell me that Cassandra Spender is the critical test subject , the one who could prove everything . And yet who is watching over her ? Mulder , I can prove what you 're saying , or I can disprove it . But not when Diana Fowley is keeping us from even seeing her . Mulder , ask yourself why there is no information whatsoever ... on Special Agent Diana Fowley- - why she would suddenly happen into your life ... when you are closer than ever to the truth . I mean , you ask me to trust no one , and yet you trust her on simple faith . Because you 've given me no reason here to do otherwise . Well , then , I can 't help you anymore . Scully , you 're making this personal . Because it is personal , Mulder . Because without the F.B.I. , personal interest is all that I have . And if you take that away , then there is no reason for me to continue . Diana ? Diana ? Sorry . Nobody home . What are you doing here ? The door was open . I came in . Interesting company you keep . No more interesting than your apparent lingerie fetish . You feeling smug , C.G.B. ? Yeah , I know your name . I know your game , and I got nothing to lose . I remember looking over a gun barrel at you once before , Agent Mulder . You couldn 't pull the trigger then . What makes you think you can do it now ? - I came here looking for my son . - Why ? Because he 's betrayed me . He 's chosen the wrong side . He 's chosen to believe in your cause . That presumes my cause is wrong . Oh , it is , Agent Mulder . It is . I 'm not the one using innocent people- - innocent women as lab rats , trying to create a hybrid- - an alien-human hybrid- - so that I might save my own sorry ass when they finally come knocking ! - You find that funny ? - Your father was against it too back in ' 73 . The lone dissenter . But he came to his senses ... and gave up your sister , Samantha . He didn 't give up my sister . He was forced to . You made him do it . You 're wrong , Agent Mulder . I can 't tell you how wrong you are- - how wrong you 've always been . We had agreed to cooperate with the alien colonists ... by a majority vote , taken by the group that your father and I worked for . A group that came together at the State Department ... on a project dating back to 1 94 7 at Roswell . The vote changed that , though . It changed everything . We no longer cleaved to any government agency . We would now operate privately on our own project . That was your father 's objection - - that we would ally ourselves with the alien colonists . Toward your own selfish end . We forestalled an alien invasion . - No , no , no . You only managed to postpone it . - We saved billions of lives . You put those lives on hold so that you alone could survive . No , Agent Mulder , so you could . That 's exactly what your father failed to realize . He railed at us and our plans ... even as the process had begun , while the group had agreed ... to the most painful sacrifices - - sacrifices that ... no one else would ever be asked to make . You gave them your children ! You gave them your wife ! You sent them away ... like they were things ! We sent them away , Agent Mulder , because it was the right thing to do . You sent them away to be tested on . We sent them so they would come back to us . Don 't you see ? You can 't think these choices were made lightly . They were the most painful decisions of our lives . Watching our families 'faces - - You 're a liar . My sister wasn 't taken from any hangar . She was abducted from our home right in front of me . Because your father was late to understand the necessity- - that he too must give up one of his children to the alien colonists . The aliens insisted on it . It was the only way they would give us the one thing that we needed- - the one thing without which we could not proceed . See , the alien fetus would give us the alien genome - - the DNA with which we could make a human hybrid . A new race , Agent Mulder - - an alien - human hybrid ... who could survive the holocaust . So you could survive ... and live to see your sister . Now you 've succeeded ? Quite . In spite of ourselves . The plan was to stall , - to resist . - To work secretly on a vaccine . That was your father 's idea- - to use the alien DNA to make a vaccine ... to save everyone , the world . It 's the reason he came along , but it 's too late now . Colonization is gonna begin . There will be a sequence of events . A state of emergency will be declared ... because of a massive outbreak of the alien virus by bees , and the takeover will begin . I have only to hand over Cassandra . You can 't do that . Our hand 's been forced by the faceless rebels . We have no choice . Stop it now , or I will stop it . No , Agent Mulder , you won 't stop it . Not if you want to see your sister again . No , you- - you stop it , or everyone dies . No . I live . You live ... to see your sister return . It 's what your father realized . It 's what you 'll realize as your father 's son . Or die in vain ... with the rest of the world . Save her . Save yourself . [ Door Opens ] [ Door Closes ] You 're looking for your father . He 's gone . They 've all gone . - But they 're coming back . - No . - No , they left for good . - What do you mean ? - They 've abandoned these offices . - But they 've been here for 50 years . - I don 't think you understand . - Where did they go ? To West V irginia . They 'll be transported by the colonists and begin medical preparations ... to receive the hybrid genes . Except for your father . - He 's gone to get your mother . - No one can get to her . I 've got her secured away . " " Secured away " " ? He 's already at his doctor 's looking at her . - I 've got her under guard . - She 's probably being prepared as we speak , Jeffrey . [ Door Opens ] - What do you want now ? - Just lie back , Cassandra . - We 're just gonna remove some of these machines . - Leave me alone ! - Leave me- - Help ! - Cassandra , lie back and relax . Help ! Leave me alone ! Oh , no ! You 're not gonna dope me ! - No , don 't dope me ! - Roll her over , please . Roll her over . [ Yelling , Sobbing ] Don 't ! - Hold her ! - Damn you ! Bastard ! The biggest bastard of all . I need a few minutes . - They never question it , do they ? - What ? Your power and authority , when you 're really such a ... coward . I- - I came in hopes that we might ... speak of the future , not the past . I 'm at a disadvantage , since you stole the past from me . I won 't defend myself , except- - except to say that ... we 're here now only because of what I have done . It 's due to it . I know it now . Only now . But for so many years I didn 't understand ... through all the abductions and the tests ... that it was you . I ordered them , yes , but it was never my intention to harm you . It was to save you ... and Jeffrey . You can never save our son . He knows what you 've done to me . I saved you ! There 's only one way ... to save him . Only one thing you must do . I can 't do it to you . I can 't . I must die , or they all die . No ! [ Sobbing ] No ! [ Door Closes ] - Jeez ! - I 'm sorry . - I didn 't mean to scare you . - Fox , what are you doing ? Nothing . Not a damn thing . - I came here looking for evidence . - What are you talking about ? Evidence that you 'd lied to me- - that you had loyalties other than to me or to the X-Files . Nothing could be further from the truth , Fox . Nothing . I didn 't find anything , Diana . - But something found me . - What ? Fate . Destiny . Whatever it 's called when you realize ... the choices you thought you had in life were already made . Fox , what happened here ? You were being paid a visit by young Jeffrey Spender 's father . The cigarette-smoking man came looking for his son , who has now taken up the futile cause that used to be mine ... - against his father . - Why futile ? Because there 's nothing to be done . And at some point , you just have to accept that ... the only way those you love are gonna survive ... is if you give up . That 's where it all begins . That 's where we need to be if we want to survive it . Please help me . They 're going to leave me here . Please stay away from me . I can 't help you . They 're packing everything up . They aren 't coming back here . I know you . - I can help you . - You can 't help me . I know where they 're taking her . I know how they 're taking her . You 've gotta trust me , Jeffrey . [ Door Opens ] Shut the door . This is a highly sensitive area . Go back . You 're at a high risk of contamination . Leave the room . [ Screams ] Hey , Scully , it 's me . Mulder , I was just dialing you . Where are you ? - I 'm with Diana . - I 'm coming to get you . No , we 're coming to get you . You 're coming with us . No , Mulder , listen to me . I 'm gonna take you to Cassandra . Cassandra 's gone , Scully . I know , but I know where she 's gone to , Mulder . Scully , it 's no use . Mulder , I 'm going there whether you 're coming or not . - Going where ? - To the Potomac yards . They 're transporting her by train car . - Who gave you this information ? - Agent Spender called me . - All right . I 'm gonna send you on ahead . - What is it ? What did she say ? This may be our last chance to stop them . - [ Bell Dinging ] - [ Brakes Screeching ] - Turn around . Turn around , Scully . - [ Train Horn Blaring ] [ Train Horn Blaring ] - [ Gunfire Continues ] - What the hell is that ? I think this is him . You gonna tell me what the hell is going on ? - Our lives are in danger . - Why couldn 't you tell me that over the phone ? - If somebody overheard us , it might create mass panic . - Mass panic ? Over what ? El Rico Air Base . We waited to send our communication . We were worried something had happened . - Shots were fired at us . - By who ? I don 't know . We have people missing . Where 's Alex Krycek ? [ Yelling ] [ Spender ] Krycek ! - I 'm trying to get out of here . - What are you talking about ? We can 't get past security . They won 't recognize my authority to remove a patient . My father did this to her . She wants to tell her story . Sorry son of a bitch . You don 't get it , do you ? It 's all going to hell . The rebels are gonna win . - They took it . - They took what ? [ Tires Screech ] - Who sent the communications ? - No one . This isn 't supposed to be . [ Man ] What is this ? Back . Back . Back , back , back ! [ Chattering , Shouting ] Back ! Back ! [ Tires Screeching ] [ Screaming , Yelling ] The way these people died , the loss of life here , it is beyond words . I can 't imagine how it must be for you , losing your mother . Yes , sir . But that 's not why I asked for this meeting . Why did you ask for it ? Because I 'm responsible for the deaths of those people ... at the air base hangar in no small way . I certainly didn 't prevent them . I can assume then you can explain how they died ? Because I 've yet to hear any explanation . Agent Mulder can explain it . I think Agent Scully to an extent . They might have even prevented what you see in those photos . Agents Scully and Mulder have been suspended by the F.B.I. - Also my doing . And my mistake . - I would ask- - I 'd ask , sir , before you tell me that it 's not my business , that you do everything you can to get them back on the X-Files . Far worse can happen . And it will . - Where are you going ? - To pack up my office . Agent Spender ! You have answers now ? - Why didn 't I hear about those answers before ? - I 've had answers for years . Then why didn 't we hear about them ? - Nobody ever listened . - Who burned those people ? They burned themselves ... with a choice made long ago by a conspiracy of men ... who thought they could sleep with the enemy , only to awaken another enemy . What the hell does that mean ? It means the future is here , and all bets are off . Agent Scully , make some sense . Sir , I wouldn 't bet against him . Get out of here . This picture you have , I haven 't seen it since you were born . - You probably don 't even know who the other man is . - I don 't care . Get out . It 's Bill Mulder , Fox Mulder 's father . Isn 't that something ? He was a good man , a friend of mine , who betrayed me in the end . I know more than enough about your past , enough to hate you . Your mother was right . I came here hoping otherwise . Hoping that my son ... might live to honor me ... [ Cocks Weapon ] like Bill Mulder 's son . [ Gunshot ] [ Child ] I made this !
