 Stay the course ! Shields are down to 29 percent . They 're breaking through . Let them ! Sir ? Take the shields off-line and recharge the emitters . That 'll bring them up to full power . The charging cycle takes 45 seconds . We 'll be vulnerable . We 'll be dead if we don 't get the shields back up . Arm yourselves ! Drop shields ! Recharge cycle ? 30 seconds . There ! Time ? Ten seconds . This is Captain Ransom of the Federation Starship Equinox . We 're under attack . We need assistance . This is Captain Ransom of the Federation Starship Equinox . We 're under attack . We need assistance . Ransom . He was in command of a science vessel , the Equinox . His distress call was transmitted approximately 14 hours ago . Distance ? 3.2 light-years . Try to get a fix on their location . What 's it doing in the Delta Quadrant ? Perhaps it 's searching for Voyager . The Equinox is a Nova-class ship . It was designed for planetary research , not long-range tactical missions . I 've got their coordinates . Heading 258 mark 12 . Set a course , maximum warp . Go to Red Alert . Hang on , Captain . Did you know this individual ? Only by reputation . He was an exobiologist , promoted to Captain after he made first contact with the Yridians . Species 6291 . The collective determined that they were extinct . So did the Federation . Ransom proved otherwise . I always wanted to meet him . Too bad it won 't be under better circumstances . I look forward to meeting him as well and his crew . I wish to expand my knowledge of humanity . Let 's hope you get the chance . We 're approaching the coordinates . Take us out of warp . I 've got them . 2,000 kilometers off the port bow . They 're moving at low impulse . Intercept . Can you get a visual ? They are heavily damaged . Multiple hull breaches . Warp drive is off-line . What 's happening to their shields ? They 're being disrupted by some kind of energy surges . Weapons fire ? There are no other ships in the vicinity . We 're in hailing range . Open a channel . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . We 're responding to your ... Voyager ! You 've got to extend your shields around our ship . Match the emitter frequency . Are you under attack ? Shields ! Quickly ! Do it . We 're in position . I 'm attempting to match their shield frequency . Do you hear something ? Interspatial fissures are opening on Decks 10 , 6 and 1 . Tuvok . Stand by . Shields are holding . The fissures ? No sign of them . Voyager to Ransom . Captain . Assemble rescue teams . Secure the Equinox . Tuvok , you 're with me . Hello ? is there anyone here ? See if you can bring main power on line . Tom . What happened ? Some kind of thermalytic reaction . It 's desiccated every cell in that body . Commander . I can 't make heads or tails of this injector manifold , and it looks like the dilithium matrix has been completely redesigned . We 'll try to find one of their engineers to help us . In the meantime , see if you can bypass the core . Aye , sir . Hang on . I 'm Commander Chakotay , USS Voyager . But ... but we 're the only humans in the Delta Quadrant . That 's what we used to think . Come on . Over here ! Hang on . We 're getting you out of here . I don 't believe we 've met . Ensign Kim ... and this is Seven of Nine . I have to cut him out with a plasma torch . Talk to him . Keep him calm . State your name . Lessing ... Noah . What are you doing on this side of the galaxy ? The answer is complicated . Do me a favor ? See if my legs are still there . I haven 't felt them in two days . Your limbs are intact . Thank you . Seven , give me a hand . Do not be frightened . Too late for that . I 'm picking up life signs . Hello ? is there anyone here ? No ! We 're here to help you ! Take cover ! We 're under attack ! Neelix to Sick Bay . Sick Bay here . We 've found another survivor . His wounds are not serious , but he 's suffering from psychological distress . Acknowledged . My crew . You took heavy casualties . We 're treating the survivors . Who attacked you ? We don 't know . We can 't communicate with them . They 've been attacking us for weeks . Easy . Easy . I 've got to secure the ship . Leave that to us . No . Treat me here . I 'm not leaving my Bridge . I can 't pull rank on you , Captain , but you 're in no condition to put up a fight . So ... how 's Earth ? I wish I could say . You weren 't sent here to find us ? I 'm afraid not . We 've been stranded in the Delta Quadrant for five years . We were pulled here against our will by an alien called - the Caretaker . - The Caretaker . We 'll compare notes later on . Let 's get you to Voyager . We 're here to commemorate our honored dead- - Lieutenant William Yates , Lieutenant John Bowler ... Ensign Dorothy Chang ... Ensign Edward Regis ... and Crewman David Amanti , who all served with distinction . Their bravery and sacrifice will not be forgotten . They will be missed , but now there is cause for optimism . Captain Janeway , Voyager ... on behalf of my crew ... thank you . We 'll have time to give the newest members of our family a proper welcome in the days ahead , but right now , we 've got our hands full . The Equinox is secure , but its primary systems are still badly damaged . Harry , B 'Elanna , make it your priority . Captain Ransom has provided us with data regarding the alien attacks . Tuvok , Seven , you 'll be working with First Officer Maxwell Burke . To kindred spirits ... may our journey home together be swift . Dismissed . We should begin by familiarizing you with Voyager 's defenses . Can you give me a minute ? There 's someone I 'd like to say hello to first . We 'll be in the Astrometrics Lab- - Deck 8 , Section 29 . See you there . BLT . Max ... I tried to say hello in Sick Bay , but you were sedated . I remember . I thought I was dreaming . So ... where 's my sweater ? The blue one ? Class insignia on the back ? We went to the Academy together . Ah ... Maxwell Burke . Tom Paris . Harry Kim . Welcome aboard . First Officer- - impressive . The last time we talked , you were about to drop out of Starfleet . I heard you beat me to it- - the Maquis ? For a while . Until I ran into these two . And it 's been hell ever since . Well , I told your resident Vulcan I 'd be right with him . Are you free later ? I 'd love to catch up . Why don 't we all have dinner together ? Sounds great . " BLT " ? " Bacon , lettuce and tomato " - - it was a nickname . A nickname ? My initials . Oh ... how romantic . We broke up over ten years ago . No need to go to Red Alert . How about Yellow Alert ? You 're cute when you 're jealous . - Who 's jealous ? - See you on the Equinox . Well , " Turkey Platter , " what do you say we go to work ? Who 's jealous ? Commander ? Um ... I 've been assigned to one of the repair crews on the Equinox , and I was wondering if I could join a different team ... maybe one on Voyager . Problem ? Just a little post-traumatic stress syndrome . Bad memories . A few . Actually , I could use someone with your engineering abilities . Well , thank you . Such a clean ship . I 'm used to falling bulkheads and missing deck plates . In a few weeks , you won 't even recognize the Equinox . You 'll be happy to go back . Unless I stay . You said you could use someone with my engineering abilities . I don 't think your Captain would appreciate that . He 's got a skeleton crew as it is . Engineering 's five decks down . It 's a long crawl through the Jefferies tubes . Deck 1 1 . I haven 't set foot in a turbolift in over three months . Claustrophobia ? If one of those fissures opened up in here , where would we take cover ? It 's only a graviton relay- - nothing to worry about . Do I look worried ? Emergency stop ! Um , if you don 't mind , I think I 'd rather take the Jefferies tube . I could use the exercise . I 've run a thermographic analysis of our shields . It revealed multiple stress points . We believe they 're the result of alien attempts to infiltrate our vessels . Each time a fissure opens within a meter of our shields , it weakens them by .3 percent . At the present rate , we have less than two days to mount a defense . According to your bio-scans , the aliens can survive in our realm for only several seconds . They 're like fish out of water , but they can do a lot of damage in those seconds . Nevertheless , it is a tactical weakness . Perhaps we can exploit it . What have you got in mind ? If we can show them we have the ability to hold them here , they 'll think twice before launching another attack . But the question is : How do we catch these fish ? You build a net . Commander ? A multiphasic force field to be exact . We wanted to see what we were up against , so we built a small chamber that could keep one of them trapped for several minutes . If we could expand on that technology , we might be able to create a latticework of multiphasic force fields around both ships . Rudy ? If Captain Janeway agrees . We 'll need to examine that stasis chamber . I 'm afraid that won 't be possible . It 's in our research lab . That whole section was flooded with thermionic radiation during the last attack . It 'll be days before anyone can go in there . The design schematics are in our auxiliary datacore . I 'll see if I can download them . You give me a hand ? I couldn 't help but notice your crew calls you by your first name . When you 've been in the trenches as long as we have , rank and protocol are luxuries . Besides , we 're a long way from Starfleet Command . I know the feeling . You seem to run a pretty tight ship . We 've been known to let our hair down from time to time , but I find that maintaining protocol reminds us of where we came from and , hopefully , where we 're going . It seems to work quite well for you . Oh , we 've overcome our share of obstacles- - warp core breaches , ion storms , a few rounds with the Borg . The Borg ? We haven 't seen so much as a cube since the day we arrived . Consider yourself lucky . Have you ever run into the Krowtonan Guard ? Never heard of them . That 's how we spent our first week in the Delta Quadrant . They claimed we violated their territory . I gave the order to keep going . I lost 39 , half my crew . I 'm sorry . We never recovered from that loss . It changed everything . What do you mean ? When I first realized that we 'd be traveling across the Delta Quadrant for the rest of our lives , I told my crew that we had a duty as Starfleet officers to expand our knowledge and uphold our principles . After a couple of years , we started to forget that we were explorers . Then there were times when we nearly forgot that we were human beings . This is a Nova-class science vessel designed for short-term research missions- - minimal weapons . You can 't even go faster than warp 8 . Frankly , I don 't know how you 've done it . You 've obviously traveled as far as we have with much fewer resources . I wish that I could take all the credit , but we stumbled across a wormhole and made a few enhancements on our warp engines . I 'd like to ask you something , captain-to-captain . Mm-hmm . The Prime Directive- - how often have you broken it for the sake of protecting your crew ? Broken it ? Never . Bent it on occasion . And even then , it was a difficult choice . What about you ? I 've walked the line once or twice ... but nothing serious . There you are . It 's a good omen . Let 's put it back where it belongs . I thought I 'd find you here . How could I resist after two years on emergency rations ? Don 't get too comfortable . If Janeway 's any indication , these people will never understand . They 're going to find out eventually . Not if we keep them out of the research lab and away from the warp core injectors . And be careful what you say around their crew- - that includes old girlfriends . Understood . Mm ... not bad . How 's my angel of mercy ? Crewman Lessing . I didn 't expect you to recover so quickly . You have an outstanding EMH . Ours can barely hold a laser scalpel . The Doctor is efficient . I 've been assigned to help you sort through our bio-data . You saved my life . The least I can do is save you a little time . Lateral shields are off-line . How 's that possible ? Fissures are opening on Decks 1 , 8 and 1 1 . Reroute power ! What happened ? Apparently , the aliens began to focus their attacks on a single shield vector . It collapsed before the auxiliary emitters could respond . It looks like they 've changed their tactics . We may have less time than we thought . We 've examined the schematics of your multiphasic chamber . It can be adapted . We intend to create an auto-initiating security grid . The moment an alien invades either ship , a force field will surround it . Once we modify our field generator to emit multiphasic frequencies , it will power the security grids on both ships . How long will it take ? Approximately 14 hours . We don 't know when they 'll break through again . We may not last that long . We could cut the time in half if we evacuate all personnel from the Equinox , and focus our efforts here on Voyager . Remember , we are still 35,000 light-years from Earth . We should try to preserve both ships . With two vessels , we 'd be able to pool our resources , doubling our chance at finding a shortcut home . Normally , I 'd agree , but right now , one of our ships is vulnerable . Chakotay 's right . We should make our stand on Voyager . I don 't want to force the issue , but I am prepared to return to the Equinox with my crew . What is the protocol in this situation ? We have two Captains and two ships . Who gets the last word ? Starfleet Regulation 191 , Article 14 . " ln a combat situation involving more than one ship , command falls to the vessel with tactical superiority . " I looked it up this morning . Good thinking . In this case , protocol recognizes my authority . Are you ordering me to abandon my ship ? I 'd rather not have to . And that protocol was written in the Alpha Quadrant . I 'm not so sure that it makes much sense out here . The regulation stands . Who am I to dispute protocol ? Give Captain Janeway your full cooperation . Rudy ... Max , that 's an order . We 'll get through this . If that 's all , Captain , I 'd like to return to my quarters and collect a few mementos . By all means . Intruder alert . Same old Max , going through my things . That is a command station . It 's off-limits without my direct authorization . I didn 't realize . You going to throw me in the brig ? I think we can overlook this infraction . Can I help you with something ? I 'm just doing some homework , studying your propulsion system . If there 's a chance I 'm going to be stuck on Voyager , I figured I better learn my way around . Maybe you could tutor me over dinner . Problem is you were never really interested in the work ... or the meal . Something tells me you haven 't changed . You 'd be surprised . I 'm not the ... What did you once call me ? pahtk . " pahtk . " l 'm not the pahtk I used to be . Let me prove it to you . Look , Max ... don 't get me wrong . It 's good to see you again , but ten years ... - Tom Paris . - Tom Paris . You could do worse . So we 're still on for dinner ? Just the two of us ? Get going ... or I will throw you in the brig . Before we abandon the Equinox , we should try to salvage any useful components . Let 's start with your dilithium crystals . Mm , what we have left of them . I 'm afraid we only have a few isograms . That 's barely enough to power the sonic showers . Can I make a suggestion ? Please . Let 's forget about the primary systems . They 're too badly damaged . Let 's focus on supplies . We picked up a few items I think might come in handy- - uh , two kilotons of kemacite ore , a dozen canisters of mercurium . Tell Neelix to make room in Cargo Bay 1 . Right . Could you use a synaptic stimulator ? Depends . What is it ? It 's a neural interface you wear behind your ear . It taps into your visual cortex and shows you different alien vistas . Just think of it as a poor man 's holodeck . So that 's how you kept yourself entertained . Beats checkers . The Ponea gave it to us . Never heard of them . We call them the life of the Delta Quadrant . They see every first contact as an excuse to throw a party . I wish that we ... had encountered more species like that . You 're the first friendly faces we 've seen in months . I 'm glad we found you . The feeling is mutual . Those modified plasma injectors looked elaborate . What were you trying to do ? Uh , we were experimenting with ways to enhance our warp drive . It didn 't work . Maybe we should let B 'Elanna take a look . It won 't work . Um , we tried for months . Excuse me . Oh , hello , there . Commander , permission to interrupt ? Granted . Ensign Gilmore . That 's right . Naomi Wildman , Captain 's Assistant . is that so ? I wanted to officially welcome you aboard the Starship Voyager . I 'm glad to be here . If you need anything- - replicator rations , a tour of the lower decks- - l 'm your man . Thank you , Miss Wildman ; I 'll keep that in mind . As you were . I didn 't realize that you had children on board . Only one . She was born here . Mmm ... I have a nephew back on Earth ... the same age . Well ... not anymore . I guess he 's a teenager by now . I probably wouldn 't even recognize him . You 'll see him again . Ransom to Gilmore . Yes , Captain . Report to the Equinox Bridge . On my way . Duty calls . Assemble a salvage team . Aye , sir . Once we take their field generator , we 'll part company . What happens to Voyager ? . They have weapons , shields , a full crew . They 'll survive . Maybe we should abandon ship- - try to forget everything that 's happened here . A shower and a hot meal . I guess that 's all it takes for some of us to forget what 's at stake here . We 're going home . We can 't let Voyager stop us now , not when we 're this close . Now , we 're proceeding as planned . Are there any other objections ? I need each and every one of you to give me your very best ... as you always have . Max . This won 't be easy . The generator is located on Deck 1 1 , next to the warp plasma manifold . We can 't get a clean lock without boosting the signal . Marla , we need you to set aside your claustrophobia and crawl through the access port and set up the transport enhancers . Understood . We 'll have to take the internal sensors in that section off-line . Noah , you 're elected . You can count on me , sir . I 'll disengage the power couplings from Engineering . You 'll all have time for one last shower . Make the most of it . There 's a minor power fluctuation in the security grid . It 's within tolerance . I believe I can correct it . The discrepancy is in the Equinox research lab . If we can determine the exact frequency of their multiphasic chamber , I will tune our field generator to match it . There are times when perfection hinders efficiency . This is odd . The lab is still permeated with high levels of thermionic radiation . It should have dissipated by now . I believe I have an explanation- - three EPS conduits have been rerouted to the lab . It appears they are emitting the radiation . The lab was contaminated intentionally . Any theories ? Only one- - Ransom doesn 't want us to enter the research lab . He has been adamant about protecting his ship . I thought it was simply a Captain 's pride . I want to take a closer look at that lab . If we close off those EPS conduits , how long will it take to vent the radiation ? Several hours . I don 't want to wait that long . Send the Doctor . He 'll be immune to its effects . Tell him to look for anything out of the ordinary . Monitor his progress from Astrometrics . Shall I notify Captain Ransom ? Not yet . I want to wait until we test your theory . I 'm in . I 've found the multiphasic chamber . There 's some kind of organic mass inside . It appears to be a member of the alien species , but its cell structures have vitrified . This is more than just a stasis chamber . It 's some kind of matter-conversion technology . Hold on . There 's a control port here . Hmm . Doctor ? The chamber contains a polaron grid and a sub-molecular resequencer . It looks like it was designed to convert the alien cell structures into some kind of crystalline compound . That function was not specified in their schematics . I have a feeling there 's a lot here they didn 't specify . I 've accessed their research logs . They 're encrypted , but judging by the file headings , they 've performed this procedure dozens of times . More of the alien compound . But it 's been biochemically altered . They 've extracted the base proteins . Its molecular structure is most unusual . Can you be more specific ? It appears to store a great deal of nucleogenic energy . I 'm no engineer , but I 'd say they were trying to convert this material ... into a source of power . I 'm going to miss this ship . Once we get back to Earth , there 'll be plenty of women . Status ? Ready on all fronts . The transport enhancers are in place and Noah 's created a subroutine to mask Voyager 's internal sensors . Power couplings ? Bypass controls have been routed to our Bridge . All you need to do is say " energize . " Janeway wants to bring on the security grid at 1900 hours . We 'll have to act before then . Tell the others to be prepared to ... Max . The Transporter Room 's not far from here . Keep moving . Captain Janeway wishes to speak with you . The alien compound . Ten isograms . If I understand your calculations , that 's enough to increase your warp factor by what ? .03 percent for one month ? Unfortunately , that boost wouldn 't get you very far . So you 'd need to replenish the supply ... and that means killing another life-form ... and then another . How many lives would it take to get you back to the Alpha Quadrant ? I think you know the reason we 're under attack . These aliens are trying to protect themselves from you . 63- - that 's how many more it will take . Every time I sacrifice one of those lives , a part of me is lost as well . I might believe that if I hadn 't examined your research . These experiments were meticulous , and they were brutal . If you 'd felt any remorse , you 'd never have continued . Starfleet Regulation 3 , Paragraph 12 : " ln the event of imminent destruction , " a Captain is authorized to preserve the lives of his crew by any justifiable means . " I doubt that protocol covers mass murder . In my judgment , it did . Unacceptable . We had nothing . My ship was in pieces . Our dilithium was gone . We were running on thrusters . We hadn 't eaten in 16 days . We had just enough power to enter orbit of an M-Class planet . And lucky for us , the inhabitants were generous . They were called the Ankari . And they provided us with a meal and a few supplies , even some dilithium crystals . They even performed one of their sacred rituals to invoke spirits of good fortune from another realm to bless our journey . But these weren 't spirits . They were nucleogenic life-forms . Our scans revealed that they were emitting high levels of antimatter . Later that same night , we managed to obtain one of the summoning devices in exchange for an energy converter . We constructed a containment field that would prevent the life-form from vanishing so quickly . But something went wrong . Get it out of there . We tried to send it back . We can 't . But it was too late . We examined the remains and discovered it could be converted to enhance our propulsion systems . It was already dead . What would you have done ? We traveled over 10,000 light-years in less than two weeks . We 'd found our salvation . How could we ignore it ? By adhering to the oath you took as Starfleet officers- - to seek out life ... not destroy it . It 's easy to cling to principles when you 're standing on a vessel with its bulkheads intact , manned by a crew that 's not starving . It 's never easy , but if we turn our backs on our principles , we stop being human . I 'm putting an end to your experiments , and you are hereby relieved of your command . You and your crew will be confined to quarters . Please , show them leniency . They were only following my orders . Their mistake . It 's a long way home , Captain . Doctor , return to their research lab and retrieve all the data you can locate on the aliens . I want to find a way to communicate with them . Aye , Captain . Go to their engine room . Take those warp core modifications off-line . Captain ? Let 's try to make first contact the right way . What 's going to happen to us ? That 's up to Captain Janeway . You 'll be confined to quarters until we can find a way to make peace with these life-forms you 've been killing , if it 's not too late . To be honest , I 'm glad you stopped us . Living the rest of my life knowing what we 'd done ... You could 've stopped yourself . Why didn 't you ? I don 't know . When the Captain ordered me to modify the warp core , I concentrated on the work . I tried not to think about how it was going to be used . Well , think about it now because we need your help . Commander ? After you . We 're having trouble making sense of all this . The schematics are encrypted . I can 't access them . Do you know the decryption codes ? Your Captain 's been relieved of command . You take orders from me now . Do you have the codes ? Yes . Proceed . Think of it this way , Ensign- - you might live with yourself a little easier . You said you wanted to learn more about humanity . I guess we 're not exactly prized examples . I 'm sorry . On the contrary . You 've taught me a great deal . Computer , I decrypted this data file . Why can 't I access it ? EMH authorization is required . is your EMH still functional ? Affirmative . Activate him . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . I require your assistance . Who are you ? Your counterpart from the Starship Voyager . Where 's Captain Ransom ? My crew ? In custody . How were you able to leave your Sick Bay ? This device allows me to go anywhere I please . In case you weren 't aware , your crew has been running criminal experiments here . I know . I designed them . You ? That 's a violation of your programming . They deleted my ethical subroutines . I 'm picking up spatial fissures- - hundreds of them . Looks like they 've stepped up their attacks . Reroute all available power to shields . They 're holding , but at this rate , it won 't be long before the aliens break through . Bridge to Tuvok . We need that security grid . We 're preparing to bring it on line . Charge the emitters . Bridge to the Doctor . Sick Bay here . Did you find anything ? Could you be ... more specific ? Neural patterns , cortical scans- - anything that could help us program the universal translator . Negative. I couldn 't access the Equinox data files . They were encrypted . Keep studying the information we have . See what you can come up with . Acknowledged . Computer , locate Captain Ransom . Captain Ransom is in crew quarters , Deck 9 , Section 22 . Chakotay to Seven of Nine . What 's your status ? I 've dismantled their antimatter injectors , but I 'll need several minutes to neutralize the dilithium matrix . We don 't have much time . Understood . The Equinox crew has been infected with a mutagenic virus . It may be contagious . I 've been authorized to inoculate them . You 've all contracted a virus . I 'll need to treat you . A virus ? Doctor 's orders . It 's me . Activate the grid . What happened ? I don 't understand . This should be working . I 'm running a system-wide diagnostic . I 'm reading phaser fire on Deck 9 , crew quarters . Security , seal off Deck 9 . Shields are weakening . They 're down to 84 percent . Tuvok to Bridge . The field generator is off-line . Its power couplings were disengaged . Someone reconfigured the internal sensors so we couldn 't detect it . Whatever it takes , get that grid on line . I rerouted transporter control to a panel in the next junction . We can ... They 've sealed off the deck . Don 't worry . We 're getting out of here . Shields down to 52 percent . Captain , unauthorized transport in progress . It 's the Equinox crew . Block it . They 've bypassed Ops Control . They 're on their Bridge . 40 percent . Janeway to Seven of Nine . Seven , respond . Damn ! What is it ? B 'Elanna 's erected a force field . I can 't get a lock on the generator . Try overriding the command codes . Someone 's disrupting the force field . It 's Max . He 's using one of his triquadric algorithms . I taught him how to do that ten years ago . Shields are failing . We 've got less than one minute . Open a channel . If you don 't stop what you 're doing , we 'll both be destroyed . What 's my alternative- - 30 years in your brig ? I 'll open fire if I have to . We 've been through worse . Target their power systems . Fire . Max ! Stand by ! Okay , BLT , let 's see if you remember this trick . Bridge , they 've got the field generator . What do you mean , they 've got it ? I don 't know how , but they beamed it off Voyager . Get us out of here . I can 't . Warp drive is down . Bridge to Marla . Report . One of their crew tried to dismantle the antimatter injectors . Repairs are underway . What about the field generator ? I 'm integrating it now . Shields are down . Arm yourselves . It 's now or never . Generator 's in place . I 'm bringing the grid on line . Fissures are opening , all decks ! Hold your fire ! Take it to the lab . Sir , engines are up and running . Set a course for the Alpha Quadrant . Course laid in . Maximum warp . Engage . Captain !
