 Show mercy . Your people have a saying : " Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . " In other words , your credit 's no good here . I 'll pay you back double with next month 's replicator rations . That 's what you said when I let you replicate all those pork rinds for your monster movie marathon . Let me put it another way . This is a life-and-death situation ! Hyperbole won 't help . I 'm not exaggerating . This is the anniversary of my first date with B 'Elanna . And you forgot all about it ? Yes , and if I don 't come through with some kind of romantic dinner ... All right , you 've made your case . Neelix , you 're a saint . Okay , that 'll be one bottle of Mouton Rothschild- - a 2342 if it 's in the database- - Uh , Terellian pheasant , steamed asparagus and a single rose . Where do you want it ? You can send the food requisition to B 'Elanna 's replicator . The wine and the flower l 'll take with me . Well , I can 't show up empty-handed . Neelix , how about a pot of coffee while you 're at it ? Coming right up . Flowers and wine ? Ah , anniversary . - Oh . - Coffee ? Bridge duty . I 've got eight hours ahead of me . Sitting in the big chair again ? Fourth night in a row . You 're not fooling anyone . Excuse me ? You love these night shifts . Your chance to play Captain ? I 'm not playing . This is an opportunity to get command experience . You might put in for some yourself . Oh , what 's the point of trying to compete with an ambitious upstart like you ? Just promise me one thing : When you reach the top , you 'll remember all the little people you climbed over to get there and you won 't make them work night shifts . Helm , status ? Same as it was 20 minutes ago . Refresh my memory . Current speed- - warp 6.3 , heading 021 mark 2 . Permission to speak freely , sir ? Granted . We 're on the night shift . Relax . One of these days , you 'll get the call to take the Bridge , and maybe then you 'll understand the burden of command . Report . It 's an automated distress call . Origin ? A Class-M planet . Range- - .73 light-years , bearing 261 mark 15 . That would be a significant course change . Burden of command is on your shoulders , sir . Of course , we could always wake Commander Chakotay . No . Alter course . Open a channel . This is Ensign Kim of the Starship Voyager . Can we be of assistance ? I 'm not picking up on any life signs . I guess they didn 't make it . There could be any number of reasons why we 're not detecting life signs . We 'll have to go down there and take a look . I 'll inform the Commander . Oh , Jenkins , the Bridge is yours . I hope I made the right decision . About changing course or waking me up ? Sorry , sir , but I thought ... Relax , Harry , you did the right thing on both counts . Thanks . Hey , why don 't you lead the away team ? I 'll monitor your progress from the Bridge . Yes , sir . The distress call was automated ? That 's right . I 'm hoping whoever sent it is still alive . Who 's leading the mission ? You 're looking at him . - Really ? - Problem ? No. I just thought , given the circumstances- - a new planet , unknown hazards- - that Commander Chakotay or Tuvok would be in charge . I am a senior officer , Doc . I 've been on this ship for five years . I think I can handle an away mission . I certainly didn 't mean any offense . None taken . Of course , having me on the team will more than compensate for any lack of experience on your part . Energize . Are you sure these are the right coordinates ? Positive . Apparently , whoever sent the distress call was rescued . Maybe , but as long as we 're here , we should make a thorough search . Spread out . Ensign ? This is the source of the distress call . What is it ? I don 't know . Paratrinic shielding , a dense energy matrix ... bio-neural circuitry ? Bio-neural ? Whoa , back off . This could be dangerous . No , wait . It 's speaking to us . Speaking ? In duotronic algorithms . Hold on . My translation matrix is interpreting . It says it 's injured . It needs our help . It 's asking why it can 't see ... or feel its arms and legs . It 's terrified . Can you identify yourself ? It 's saying that its memory 's been damaged. lt doesn 't remember its name . Don 't worry . We 're going to help you . Crewman Lang will remain with you . What do you think ? An artificial intelligence ? One that doesn 't seem to realize it 's artificial . Maybe we should tell it the truth , try to jog its memory . No. I don 't want to risk psychological trauma . Psychological trauma ? Doc , this is a machine . One which is confused and asking for our help . We should beam it aboard . Not until we know what we 're dealing with . Away mission protocols dictate that we ... Morality dictates that we help . It may not be flesh and blood , but it 's clearly in distress . Make way for the day shift . How 's he doing ? Well , let 's see . I haven 't heard from him in almost five minutes , so he should be checking in right about ... Away team to Voyager . - ... now . - That 's our Harry . If I were you , I 'd watch out for your job . Go ahead , Ensign . We found the source of the distress call . It 's some kind of artificial intelligence- - badly damaged . The Doctor thinks we should beam it aboard . You 're in charge of the away mission , Ensign . What do you think ? Well ... I think we should help it if we can , but , as a precaution , I recommend sealing off an Engineering Bay with a level-10 force field and beaming it directly there . Agreed . Give us a few minutes . We 're going to transport you back to our ship . I 'm Voyager 's Emergency Medical Hologram . A projection of light and force fields , guided by an optronic computer program . No ... technically speaking , I suppose I 'm not a real person . How 's our patient ? Complicated . It uses bio-neural circuitry to mimic humanoid synaptic functions . But its memory core is damaged . It 's suffering from a technological form of amnesia . Any theories as to what it might be ? It could be a probe or a communications device . Whoever our friend is , he wasn 't alone . He claims to have been traveling with a companion . If there 's another one down there , it might give us a few answers . I 'll be in Astrometrics scanning the surface . Give our guest my regards . Of course , Captain . Lower the containment field . How are you ? Well , that 's an interesting question . Ensign Kim and Lieutenant Torres are attempting to repair your ... damaged circuitry . That 's ... what I wanted to talk to you about . You 're not an organic being . You 're technological . You 're an artificial intelligence embedded in a machine of some kind . No , there 's no mistake . We believe the damage you suffered in the crash is causing your confusion . Look at it this way- - you and I have something in common . Just because we 're not organic beings doesn 't mean we 're in any way inferior . Well ... you 're metallic , over a meter in length ... cylindrical . Oh , you 're quite sleek , actually . You 're welcome . I 'm detecting no further technology on the planet 's surface . Maybe the second device was destroyed when it crashed . Scan for metallic particulates consistent with our friend in Engineering . There are minute traces scattered across the northern continent . Isolate . An impact crater . It spans a radius of 200 kilometers . And look at this . Heavy concentrations of radiogenic decay in the crater walls ... and the fracture gradients are consistent ... with a highly focused explosion . Evidently we 've discovered its function . A weapon of mass destruction . I understand your concerns , but the device hasn 't shown itself to be hostile . Not yet , but it 's only a matter of time before it puts the pieces together . All the more reason we should talk to it ; explain our concerns . Ask for help in defusing its explosive components . If it 's programmed to detonate , there 's no telling how it 'll react . Agreed . We have to neutralize the threat , now . Suggestions ? Transport the device off the ship and destroy it before it harms anyone . Seven , this is a sentient being we 're talking about . Very well . Return it to the surface and deploy a warning buoy to alert other vessels . I refuse to believe our only options are to kill it or abandon it . What if we could separate the bio-neural circuitry from the explosive ? Take the weapon off-line , but salvage the intelligence . They 're fully integrated . Where would we store the intelligence once we shut the device down ? The answer 's obvious . Download its synaptic patterns into a holographic matrix like mine . Then what ? Try to find out where it came from and return it to its people . The device is extremely complex . One error and we 'd risk detonation . Saving a life often entails risk . Harry , B 'Elanna , assist the Doctor . Thank you , Captain . At the first sign of danger , we transport it off the ship , understood ? Understood . I quite understand . I wouldn 't like being carried around , either . Of course you are . Who wouldn 't be ? We 're taking you to Sick Bay . Because we 're better equipped to help you there . Deck 5 . We 're going to transfer your intelligence to a holo-matrix . You should be pleased . In a little while , you 're going to be walking around just like me . I 'm not certain . Ensign Kim 's configuring your physical parameters as we speak . I 'm sure you 'll be quite handsome . Are we ready to proceed ? Whenever you are . Don 't be alarmed . We have to access some of your systems to enable the transfer . He says he wants to know exactly what you 're doing as you do it . This is a delicate procedure . I won 't be able to concentrate if I have to give a blow-by-blow description . You 'll have to forgive Lieutenant Torres . She 's an excellent engineer . Unfortunately , she doesn 't share my bedside manner . Harry , would you mind ? Uh , yeah , sure . Well , first we 're going to be setting up an active interlink between you and the holo-systems . Uh , now , to do that , we 're going to take your program off-line while we resequence your bio-neural circuitry . He says he can 't allow you to shut him down . I 'm sorry , but there 's no other way . It 's arming itself . The detonation sequence has begun . Sick Bay to Bridge . The device is going to detonate . Beam it off the ship . We 've lost the transporter lock . Talk to it , Doctor . Please , you 're going to destroy yourself , and us . Detonation in 20 seconds . B 'Elanna , send an EM pulse through its power matrix . Maybe you can short it out . I 'm on it . 15 seconds . Please disarm yourself . We 're just trying to help you . Ten seconds . Nine ... lnitiating the pulse . Six ... five ... Now . It worked . We 've shut it down , Captain . You shouldn 't have done that . I know you 've gotten a little attached to this thing , but ... You lied . What are you talking about ? You said you were trying to transfer my neural patterns , but you were really trying to shut me down . You 're the artificial intelligence . It used the interlink to commandeer the Doctor 's program . Sick Bay to Bridge . Captain , respond . He 's tapped into the ship 's systems- - deactivated the com . He 's locked us in , too . You tried to destroy me . We were only trying to disarm you . I 'm a weapon . Yes . Why didn 't you tell me ? It was a precaution . We were afraid you might be dangerous . Obviously , we were right . I couldn 't let you destroy me . I have to complete my mission . You remember it now ? Yes. I 'm a long-range tactical armor unit . I 've been deployed by my people . They 're facing a terrible threat- - a hostile species . My companion unit was destroyed , but I will reach my target . Your ship will take me there . Look , we 'll try and contact your people . If you could tell us who they are ... I must resume my mission ! The weapon 's been rearmed . Security ? They still can 't gain access to Sick Bay or any part of Deck 5 , for that matter . Get a transporter lock on our people . We 'll jettison the whole damn section if we have to . I wouldn 't recommend that , Captain . If you try to stop me again , I 'll detonate . Your ship and everyone on it will be destroyed . I 'm transferring a new heading to the helm . You 'll proceed to the coordinates at maximum velocity . Doctor ? He 's gone . He 's directing us to a system 2.3 light-years from here . is that your home ? It 's my target . The course I 've plotted bypasses enemy minefields . Don 't deviate from it . Your ship won 't be harmed . Once we 've reached the system , you 'll transport me to my target . We won 't help you wage war . This crew has a Prime Directive that forbids us to interfere in the affairs of other species . You 've already interfered . We were trying to help you . Until you discovered my true nature . Then you tried to deactivate me . Just your explosive components , not you . There 's no distinction . I am what I am . Now alter course or I 'll detonate . If you do that , you 'll never reach your target , will you ? I am programmed to take whatever measures are necessary to obtain my objective . Failing that , I 'm to consider anyone who tries to stop me an enemy . Now alter course , and transfer your sensors to me , so I can monitor your compliance . Release my crewmen from Sick Bay first . I 'm not programmed to negotiate . They 'll remain where they are . Lay in the course , Mr. Paris . Transfer sensors to Sick Bay . A sound tactical decision , Captain . Assemble the staff . We 're going to find a way to outsmart a smart bomb . If we can shut down the force fields around Sick Bay , I could get a transporter lock on it . Even if you were successful , we can 't beam it far enough from the ship to escape the blast . She 's right . Our best option is to disarm it . Good luck . It 's got an internal sensor array . If we try so much as to loosen a screw ... boom ! Commander , I think you should take a look at this . It 's a power node l used to enhance the replicator system . I acquired it last week on a trading mission . It has transkinetic energy regulators and bio-neural control circuitry . Remind you of anything ? Our friend in Sick Bay . I didn 't make the connection at first , but when I overheard a few of the engineers talking about the weapon , I went back and I checked the schematics on this . It 's the same technology . Who did you acquire it from ? A merchant named Onquanii . Did he say where he got it ? No , but he seemed eager to trade . Maybe he 'd tell us if we make it worth his while . Scan for his vessel . If you find him , send an encoded message . Tell him about our problem . Aye , sir . If we could tap into the holo-projectors without his knowing it , we might be able to shut him down . He changed all the access codes . The second we try to decrypt them , he 'll restart the detonation sequence . Do you have a better idea ? Yeah , let the Captain handle it . The last thing anyone needs is my opinion . This is no time to be feeling sorry for yourself . Chakotay lets me make a command decision- - what do I do ? I beam a talking bomb on board . The first time I commanded an away mission , I led my people into a cave that I thought was a Cardassian military installation . Turned out I 'd mistaken unstable mineral deposits for weapon signatures . There was a rock slide and we were stuck there for three days . What did you do ? We dug ourselves out with our bare hands . Where are you going ? To dig us out . You don 't have to do this , you know . It 's what I was programmed for . You 're a sentient being . You don 't have to be a slave to your programming . Look at the Doctor . He 's a tool- - a holographic puppet . That puppet saved your life . If it weren 't for him , you 'd still be damaged and alone on that planet . He 's the one that convinced me to beam you aboard . And when we discovered what you were and some people wanted to destroy you , the Doctor defended your right to exist . What 's your point ? Even though he was only programmed to be a Doctor , he 's become more than that . He 's made friends , he 's piloted a starship , he even sings . Despite all of his achievements , did he ever stop being a Doctor ? No , but ... And I can 't stop being a weapon . Look at yourself . You 're already much more than that . You 've got a body now , eyes to see with . The second you detonate , that 'll all be over . That 's the nature of what I am . It doesn 't have to be . We can give you your own holo-matrix . You can exist for as long as you want , accomplish anything you set your mind to . The only thing I want to accomplish is the destruction of my target . What is your target ? A military installation on Salina Prime , Grid 1 1 , Vector 9341 . Tell me about it . Who 's the enemy ? A ruthless , violent race that 's threatening to destroy my people . What else do you know about them ? What 's their planet like ? Are there forests ? Wildlife ? Schools for the children of this violent race ? I 'm not programmed with superfluous data . Well , lucky for you . You 're aboard Voyager now and you have access to our scanners . Why don 't we take a closer look at your target . A military installation , as I told you . But it 's manned . By soldiers . Who are going to suffer because of you . Remember when you were suffering ? Blind and paralyzed ? Do you really want to make others go through that ? I have a duty to protect my people . I will not betray them . Now get out before I 'm forced to harm you ! Nice try . I 'm reading a subspace surge off our port bow . It looks like a cloaked ship . That could be him . Onquanii travels in a cloaked vessel . We 're being hailed , audio only . Open a channel . Voyager , good to see you again . And you , sir . I received your message . Have you an intelligent weapon in your possession ? Actually , we 're in its possession . We 're being held hostage . Do you know anything about this weapon ? If I 'm correct , it was created by a species named the Druoda . I 've studied their technology . Bring me aboard . I can assist you . You 've deactivated your com system ? And reinforced the shielding in this section . We won 't be overheard . I 'd have more faith in your security precautions , if you weren 't already at the mercy of this weapon . We didn 't know what it was when we brought it aboard . This particular series has a class-1 1 intelligence factor . It 's warp-capable , fully armored , self-guiding . It has a maximum range of 80 light-years . It can fly through an ion storm or an armada of hostile ships and still find its target . Charming . How do I get it off my ship ? You can 't , but I can . My transporter system employs a dampening field , which disables the detonator until my engineers can disarm it . That 's a generous offer . Mind if I ask what you expect in return ? The device itself . I 'm not about to hand over a weapon of mass destruction to someone I just met . Oh , my business is salvage , not war . I 've no intention of deploying it . But you might sell it to someone who does . I imagine you 'd stand to make quite a profit . I can make more profit by selling off its components . The energy matrix alone can power a fleet of starships and its intelligence core , properly reprogrammed , can assist in a variety of things from terraforming to planetary weather control . All right . You can have the weapon as long as we keep the energy matrix . That way we can be sure no one ever deploys it . I 'm afraid that 's unacceptable . The energy matrix is one of the most valuable components . I 'm sorry. lt 's not open for negotiation . We could offer you a few dilithium crystals in compensation . That matrix is worth a thousand dilithium crystals . What if we threw in a plasma manifold ? I want the entire weapon or it remains here . Captain ? You seem awfully intent for someone only interested in salvage . I 'm sorry to waste your time . We 'll have to find another way to solve our problem . I wish you luck . Sorry , Captain , I thought it would help . Bridge , report . The alien vessel has opened fire . We 've lost weapons and shields . Sick Bay to Captain . What 's happening ? We 're under attack . How many ships ? One ... off the port bow . Return fire . We can 't . Check your sensors . Our weapons are off-line . Force fields around Sick Bay are destabilizing . He 's trying to get a transporter lock on the weapon . Remodulate the shields . No effect . What are you doing ? The weapon 's sending an antimatter surge back through the transporter beam . They 've been destroyed . That wasn 't necessary . They were an enemy . Maintain course . I 've studied the weapon 's schematics . My nanoprobes can be adapted to disable its bio-neural circuitry . However I would need direct access to its primary control port . That means getting you into Sick Bay without arousing suspicion . We could access the holo-matrix controls above Sick Bay , disrupt the Doctor 's program long enough for Seven to inject the nanoprobes . How much time would you need ? Approximately 20 seconds . Run a long-range scan on that subspace minefield it warned us about . Calculate their explosive yield ... what kind of damage they might to do the ship . Aye , Captain . What have you got in mind ? I have a feeling we 're about to run into some unexpected trouble . We 've analyzed the alien minefield and calculated the effect it would have on Voyager . I think I can simulate the explosions with a well-timed disruption to the inertial dampers . Of course , asking me to give you a bumpy ride is like asking a virtuoso to sing off-key . I 'm sure you 'll manage . The weapon has access to our sensors . How do we make sure it won 't catch on ? We 've reconfigured the sensor array to send it false telemetry . It will believe we 're navigating a minefield . At least long enough for us to get Seven to Sick Bay . How ? Medical emergency . I intend to suffer third-degree plasma burns during our encounter with the mines . That 's where l come in . Chief Cosmetics Officer , at your service . Another hidden talent , Neelix ? Well , I know my way around a dermal regenerator . I should be able to simulate a convincing wound . Okay . We get her inside . Then what ? Commander Tuvok will be in position to disrupt the Doctor 's program . Once that happens , I will inject the nanoprobes and disable the weapon . I 'll inform the Captain . Get started . Do well on this mission , Neelix , and maybe the Captain will promote you to Senior Beautician . Assist me . With what ? I 'm trying to identify the malfunction that caused me to crash , but several of my memory files are still damaged . Restore them . We tried helping it before . Look where that got us . " When taken captive by a hostile force seek out any opportunity to engage the assailant . " Didn 't you ever read the Officers ' Manual ? Section 126 . I don 't think Starfleet diplomacy is going to work this time . If we cooperate , we 'll be giving it the advantage . If there 's even a chance that we can convince it to change its mind ... lt 's a bomb , Harry . A sentient bomb . I said assist me ! Where do we start ? There are several disruptions in my memory index , including a three minute , 37 second gap just prior to the crash . A recursive search algorithm might retrieve the missing data . There . You received a subspace transmission- - a command to alter course and head toward the planet 's surface . Looks like your landing wasn 't an accident . It was an attempt by the enemy to divert me from my target . No , your access codes are encrypted . They must 've developed an infiltration code . What if it wasn 't the enemy ? Who else would try to divert me ? Correct me if I 'm wrong , but these are the same duotronic algorithms that you use to communicate with . My own people wouldn 't try to stop me . Maybe they changed their mind . The enemy is ruthless . My target is a threat . Why would my people call off the assault ? If we clear up some more of these memory files , maybe we 'll find out . Your assistance is no longer required . What 's wrong ? You afraid you might find out you 're not supposed to destroy that installation ? Let us finish the job . Then you can decide what you want to do with the information . Proceed . Does the name " Strategic Command Matrix " mean anything to you ? That 's my control center . They ordered my launch . Well , it looks like your orders were rescinded . See for yourself . " All long-range tactical armor units ... terminate mission immediately . " Keep reading . It says ... the war is over . It ended nearly three years ago . My launch was a mistake . There was a malfunction in one of the command sensors . It activated a series of launch sequencers . My people managed to shut most of them down , but 34 weapons were fired ... including me . I guess this means you can disarm yourself now . No . There 's no confirmation code here . We avoided the enemy 's minefield , so they 're trying to deceive us . The confirmation could be in one of your damaged memory files . Or maybe it was you deceiving me to implement your pacifist philosophy . That 's not true . You lied to me before . Why should I trust you now ? You don 't have to trust us , just access those files . No ! I am programmed to destroy my target . I will complete my mission ! If the war is over , you could end up starting another one . How many of your people will die then ? Sick Bay to Bridge . Report . We 've run into a subspace mine . We had to drop out of warp . There shouldn 't be mines along this course . We 're detecting thousands of them scattered throughout the region . We 're plotting a new course to avoid them . Transmit it to me . This trajectory will delay us for two days . That 'll give you time to confirm that the war is over . No ! Proceed as planned . I 'm programming a shield enhancement that will protect Voyager . I 'm still going to have to reduce speed . Agreed , but only until we 've cleared the minefield . Maintain course , Mr. Paris , one-quarter impulse . Think he bought it ? He seemed to . Let 's give him another good shake just to be sure . Yes , ma 'am . That was another mine . The shields will hold . Tuvok to Bridge . I 've accessed the holo-matrix . Acknowledged . Janeway to Neelix . Casualty report . I 'm putting the finishing touches on Seven 's plasma burn and it looks pretty authentic , if I do say so myself . Good work . Stand by . Time to hit another mine , Tom- - a big one . Commander , blow out the plasma relays on Deck 6 . Janeway to Sick Bay . We have heavy casualties . Maintain heading and speed . That 's going to be difficult . Our Astrometrics Officer has been injured . She 's the one who 's been guiding us through the minefield . Replace her . Seven of Nine 's abilities are unique . We 're not going to get past these mines without her . Then treat her injuries and send her back to her post . She has third-degree plasma burns . She needs to go to Sick Bay to be treated . If you want to reach your target , you 're going to have to wait . All right , Captain , but I 'm warning you ... no deceptions . Janeway to Neelix . Go . Treat her as quickly as possible . They 're in . Now , Tuvok . Bridge , my holo-matrix is destabilizing . Why ? We took damage to our secondary systems . Repair them . Now ! Or I 'll activate the detonation sequence . Stand by . What 's going on ? She 's trying to defuse the weapon . Seven ! She 's going into neural shock . Help me . Sick Bay to Bridge . Your attempt to disable me did not succeed . I am designed to repel any assault on my bio-neural circuitry . We 've tried to reason with you . You left me no choice . And you leave me no choice . You and your crew will abandon Voyager immediately . No deal . This is not a negotiation ! Comply or I will detonate ! Go ahead . Do it . Everyone on board will be killed ! But no one else will . Captain , 32 vessels just dropped out of warp off our port bow . On screen . One of them is transmitting a message ... to the " Doctor . " Bridge to Sick Bay . We 've got company- - 32 self-guided weapons . They detected my presence aboard your vessel . They say my target is essential . They altered course to ensure that I reach it . They are ordering me to transport off your vessel . They will tractor me to my target . Mr. Kim , reintegrate its neural matrix , and prepare to beam it off ... We can 't do that , Captain . Explain . These weapons were fired by accident . We can 't let them reach their targets . Enough ! Captain , order him to proceed ! Harry , what are you talking about ? Captain , I need a minute . You 're making a mistake . Your own people tried to disarm you . I cannot be certain of that . Yes , you can . You can check your memory files . Look for the confirmation code . No more delays . Check the files . - Reintegrate my matrix . - No ! Do what Harry says or you 're not leaving this ship . You 're in no position to give me orders . If you detonate now , you 'll destroy yourself and your companions . is that what you want ? The confirmation code . Coding intersequence 443 , vector 39121 . Cessation of hostilities ... confirmed . Unauthorized launch ... confirmed . Order to terminate mission ... confirmed . You must disarm yourself and tell the others to stand down . It 's a deception . This code of yours uses a modulating algorithm . It would be almost impossible to duplicate . The enemy is ruthless ; they are violent . Have you ever met the enemy ? You 're just spouting propaganda , what you 've been programmed to believe . I have a directive . It 's been countermanded ! I am a Series 5 , long-range tactical armor unit designed to traverse enemy space and circumvent all attempts to deter me . You 're a sentient being . I have a duty to protect my people , to destroy my target ! You 've been programmed with intelligence , so you could make decisions on your own . Well , it 's time to make one . Countless lives are at stake ! Ever since you took the Doctor 's form , you 've been learning what it 's like to be one of us . Now , try to imagine what it 's like to be one of your victims- - your first victim . You 've seen her suffering . lncrease that by a factor of one million- - ten million- - and that 's how much suffering you 'll cause if you don 't end this . They 're asking why I haven 't left your ship . Tell them . I 'm transmitting our orders to terminate the mission . They also received those orders , but they had already crossed the targeting threshold . Once we 're within two light-years of our target , we cannot be diverted . Tell them the war 's over . I did . Tell them you got the message before you crossed the threshold when you were on the planet 's surface . They don 't believe me . It 's up to you to make them understand . They only understand their directive . They won 't listen . Reintegrate my neural matrix and return me to the others . We won 't do that . I have no intention of proceeding to my target . I will stop them . How ? I am a weapon of mass destruction . You want me to see past my programming ... then you must try to see past your doubts . B 'Elanna ... give me a hand . Bridge , lock on to the weapon . Prepare to beam it into space . Harry , what 's going on ? Captain , no time to explain . Just trust me on this one . I hear you loud and clear , Ensign . Do it . I 've reconfigured the bio-neural matrix . Ready ? I 'm sorry . I am simply completing my mission . Only the target has changed . Transfer complete . Please state the nature of the ... What happened ? How long was I off-line ? We 'll explain later . Seven needs your help . Bridge , energize . They 've gone into warp . Maintain long-range sensors . I 'm detecting a series of antimatter explosions . In proximity to what ? No ships , no planets ... nothing . Bridge to Ensign Kim . The weapons have been destroyed . Anyone home ? Ensign . Feeling well , I hope . Perfect . On my way to the Bridge for another night shift . Came by to check on Seven . You just missed her . What 's her prognosis ? She 'll need another week of regeneration , but I expect she 'll make a full recovery . Good news . Oh , considering I was responsible for her injuries , you can imagine my relief . Well , you weren 't exactly yourself at the time . That 's not what I mean . I was the one who asked you to bring that device aboard in the first place . I even argued with the Captain to keep it aboard after we learned what it was . " lt " was an artificial intelligence , like you , but I have to admit , his personality made you seem like Mr. Congeniality . Look , Doc , the truth is , I never would 've gotten through to him without you . From what I heard , I wasn 't much help . You were . I held you up as an example of how an artificial intelligence could exceed its programming . I didn 't realize how true that was ... until today . It seems your strategy worked . Thank you . I better get to the Bridge . You never know when Ensign Kim will be called upon to take command again . Voyager could do worse . Helm , status . Current speed- - warp 5 . Heading- - 021 mark 3 . Anything on long-range sensors ? Nothing to report . As you were . Permission to speak freely , sir . Why would tonight be any different ? People have been talking about you . Oh ? Rumor has it you were the one who outsmarted the smart bomb . Well ... not exactly . I made first contact with a sentient being . All I did was help it understand a few things . The rest was up to him . Understood . Actually , I 've been authorized by the junior staff to thank you for keeping us in one piece . You 're welcome . Any time . Do me a favor . Of course , sir . No more distress calls . At least not tonight .
