 Regeneration cycle incomplete . When I checked the overnight sensor logs , this little surprise was waiting for me . Maybe I 'm not quite awake , but it looks like its over 100 kilometers wide . 120 . At first , I thought it was an asteroid cluster until I picked up a residual warp signature . It was a Borg vessel . There are tetryon particles in the debris consistent with the atmosphere inside a cube . Any idea what destroyed it ? We would need to run close-range scans of the hull fragments . Unless we alter course , we 'll get our chance . The debris field 's directly ahead . Then I suggest we cut a wide berth . Chances are the Borg will send more vessels to investigate . Alter course to avoid the debris . If that 's all ... One other piece of business , Captain . It seems we had another incident in the Mess Hall last night . Return of the midnight snacker ? I 'm afraid so . Casualties ? A leg of Kelaran wildebeest I 'd prepared for Ensign Ryson 's birthday . Since Commander Tuvok has been unable to round up any suspects , I 'd like to ask that stronger measures be taken . Perhaps an armed security detail ... I 'd like to ask permission to replicate some locking mechanisms for the cabinet doors . Granted . Dismissed . Naomi Wildman , Subunit of Ensign Samantha Wildman , state your intentions . I ... Very well . You leave me no choice but to report your activities to the Captain . Please don 't . I was just observing you . Explain . Well , Neelix told me that the Borg do a lot of things they do because they 're trying to be perfect and , even though you 're not really a drone anymore , you still try to be perfect . Don 't you ? Correct . Well , if I can learn to be perfect , too , then Captain Janeway will have to make me her Bridge Assistant . No such rank exists aboard this vessel . Not yet . And you hope to achieve this goal by emulating me ? Are you mad ? No . There are many on this crew that would benefit from your example . So you 'll teach me . Your objective is admirable . However , your neocortical development is incomplete . You would require several months of accelerated growth in a Borg maturation chamber . Oh ... I don 't think I like the sound of that . Then I suggest that yo ... - Hi . - Hi . I 'm bored . Let 's do something fun . Like what ? Swimming ? Oh , I 'm not allowed to go swimming without my mom . Oh . Do you like Kadis-Kot ? Love it . Come on . I 'll be Bridge Assistant for a while then , I 'll be promoted to Ensign . It 'll be Lieutenant after that , and by the time we reach the Alpha Quadrant ... Captain Wildman . Green , grid 14-4 . Kadis-Kot. I win . You 're really good at this game . You want a rematch ? Sure . Captains don 't have much time to play , you know . That 's okay . I 'll be pretty busy by then . Want to hear the rules of first contact ? No . How about the suborders of the Prime Directive ? I know all 47 of them . You study too much , Naomi . Just like my brother . I didn 't know you had a brother . Mm-hmm . 12 of them . Twelve ? Nine older and three younger . We play Kadis-Kot all the time . I only have my mom and Neelix to play with- - when they 're not working . You must get lonely . A little . You get used to it . You adapt . Adapt ? You know , like the Borg . Borg ... I hate Borgs . You do ? Yeah . They 're mean . Torres to Seven of Nine . Please report to Engineering . It 's your move . Seven , respond . I 'm on my way , Lieutenant . Naomi Wildman ... Yes ? what am I doing here ? We 're playing Kadis-Kot . Seven ? Take a look at this , will you ? I 'm picking up an energy signal in the lower subspace bands and if I 'm not mistaken , it 's got a Borg modulation . You 're correct . It is Borg . I believe it 's a neural interlink frequency . A what ? A frequency that integrates the minds of Borg drones . Can you pinpoint the origin ? I will try . No offense , Seven , but you look terrible . I am not well . I experienced a brief lapse in memory and I am disoriented . Maybe you should get to Sick Bay . No . This interlink frequency could explain m ... Do-raQ me 'roch . I beg your pardon ? I am the son of K 'Vok . And you ? What house are you from ? is this some kind of a joke ? You wear the uniform of a Starfleet puH-chaH . What kind of a warrior are you ? Tom put you up to this , didn 't he ? Well , it didn 't work . Come , warrior , let me look at you . Enough , Seven . Your blood is sweet ! Torres to Security . Get somebody down here right now . You are strong . You will make an excellent mate . Get the hell away from me ! You wish to prove yourself in battle . Report . Seven of Nine attacked B 'Elanna in Engineering . She 's on Deck 9 , Section 23 . Force fields . Don 't tell me those two have actually come to blows . Bridge to Tuvok . Seven 's been contained- - Deck 10 , Section 32 . Acknowledged . We 're nearing her position . Seven ? Somebody 's hurt and he needs help . Did I do something bad ? Who are you ? My name 's Maryl . Are you a Vulcan ? Computer , deactivate force field . Give me the phaser . You are not a physician , Commander . The logical course of action would be to take him to the infirmary . Maryl ? Subaltern Lorot , Vulcan High Command . May I be of assistance ? Yes . Please accompany me to Sick Bay . Certainly . Clearly he was attacked . I suggest we use caution . pahtk ! You will drown in your own blood . Keep moving . Seven ? Captain , why am I here ? You 've been unconscious for nearly two hours . We believe you 're experiencing a neurological disorder . Voices ... I hear voices ... Describe them . They are agitated ... chaotic ... too many voices . Too many voices ! The cortical inhibitor is destabilizing . I 'm increasing the neurotransmitter levels . It 's working . Do you still hear the voices ? They are fading . They are gone . All right . Let 's see what we can do to keep them from coming back . What 's the last thing you remember ? I was in Engineering assisting Lieutenant Torres . You have no recollection of a confrontation with B 'Elanna ? Confrontation ? I 'm not sure why , but you seem to be manifesting personalities other than your own . Naomi Wildman claims the two of you played together for nearly an hour this afternoon . You also attacked Lieutenant Torres . She told us you called yourself " son of K 'Vok " and that you initiated a Klingon mating ritual . I have no memory of those events . Come look at this . Doctor ? This is your neural pattern . The memory engrams and synaptic pathways that define you as an individual . Unfortunately , you 're not alone . 13 new neural patterns have emerged in your cerebral cortex- - Klingon , Vulcan , Terrelian , human and several others I can 't identify . How ? They 're coming from within you . During your time with the Borg , the collective assimilated hundreds of different species . All of those neural patterns were integrated into the hive mind . Of course . That means they 're in your mind , too , stored within your cortical implants ... dormant until now . From what we can tell , the various neural patterns are surfacing randomly . In essence , you 've developed the Borg equivalent of multiple personality disorder . Can you correct the malfunction ? The cortical inhibitor is suppressing the effect , but it 's only a temporary measure . Lieutenant Torres detected a Borg interlink frequency . It could be causing my cortical implants to malfunction . The signal appears to be emanating from the Borg debris field we discovered this morning . Maybe we should jump to warp- - try to get out of range . The signal permeates subspace . We cannot avoid it . Our only hope is to terminate the signal at its point of origin . Set a course for the debris field . When we arrive , we may need your help . Feel up to it ? Yes , Captain . Keep a close eye on her , Doctor , in case she has any more unexpected visitors . Has any drone ever experienced symptoms like these before ? The collective does not tolerate imperfection . Any drone with a malfunction as serious as mine would be destroyed immediately . Lucky for you , this crew is a little more tolerant . Oh , there you are . Lieutenant Torres tells me you 're under the weather . Correct . Well , is there anything your morale officer can do to help ? Assignments you need me to finish while you recuperate ? No . I have some wonderful medicinal teas . Maybe I could prepare one for you . Talaxian homeopathy . I don 't think we 're quite that desperate yet . How about if I make one of your favorite nutritional ... ? Your concern has been noted . The Doctor will inform you when I am functional again . Right . Sorry . Oh , uh ... I almost forgot- - it 's from Naomi Wildman . It 's a drawing of Voyager . Or maybe it 's an asteroid belt . I 'm not sure . Naomi thought that it might make you feel better . Tell her thank you . I suspected as much . There were several interruptions in your regeneration cycle . 18 minutes , five minutes , one hour . I don 't recall them . Let 's examine your neural function logs . Low serotonin levels during regeneration . That 's normal . But look at these spikes in the prefrontal synapses . They appear only seconds before you left the alcove . You were sleepwalking . I don 't remember entering this data file . Looks like we found the identity of the midnight snacker . I 'm sure Mr. Neelix will be relieved . Personal Log , Ensign Stone , Stardate 52188.7 . I just completed my first week of active duty . It was a nightmare . After four years at the Academy , I thought I was ready for anything , but Captain Blackwood runs a tight ship and he seems to take special pleasure in tormenting new recruits . The First Officer tells me not to take it personally , but it 's hard to be objective when ... Blackwood . Captain of the Federation Starship Tombaugh . The Borg assimilated that vessel 13 years ago . The individual who made this recording must have been a member of the crew . One of my victims . Here 's another log entry- - this one encoded for transmission . Hi . Guess who ? I know I promised to write you every day , but that 's simply not enough . How about once in the morning when I resuscitate and once at night before I go into torpor and I 'll think about you nonstop in between . Wait. I 've got a better idea . Why don 't you leave your circle and visit the colony ? You 'd love it here- - sul ... Anything familiar ? I helped to assimilate thousands of individuals . I do not remember each of their names . Seven , you were a Borg drone who 's now becoming an individual . That 's practically unheard of . There 's bound to be rough spots along the way . We just have to get past them . Bridge to Seven of Nine . We 're approaching the debris field . Acknowledged . Survivors ? None . Any sign of Borg vessels ? No , sir . We 're the first ones here . I 'm picking up the source of the interlink frequency , bearing 027 mark 3 . On screen . Magnify . It 's a Borg vinculum . Vinculum ? The processing device at the core of every Borg vessel . It interconnects the minds of all the drones . It purges individual thoughts and disseminates information relevant to the collective . It brings order to chaos . Precisely . Looks like this one has established a link to your cortical implant . I believe it has identified me as an errant drone . It is attempting to reintegrate me into the collective . The vinculum is malfunctioning . It is sending me erratic commands . Bringing chaos to order . Yes . Can you sever the link ? Not without risking permanent damage to my own systems . The vinculum must be taken off-line . Permission to beam it aboard for analysis . I have worked with this technology before . I may be able to disable it . We 're talking about the heart of a Borg cube . I 'd rather not take it inside my ship . Can you disable it remotely ? Yes , but I would need several days . The Borg may return by then . I recommend we take the vinculum and leave this region immediately . Tuvok , prepare to beam it to Engineering . Erect a level-10 force field and maintain constant surveillance . The moment it poses a threat , send it back into space . Tom , as soon a it 's aboard , get us out of here , warp 9 . Aye , Captain . I understand what you 're going through and I want to help you in every way I can , but the safety of this crew is my first responsibility . We haven 't had the best of luck with the Borg . Nor have I . Let 's keep on eye on those antigrav struts . Boylan , lock out all primary command consoles and reroute transporter controls to Main Engineering . Yes , Lieutenant . Seven ? The voices , I hear them . It 's your proximity to the vinculum . The link is stronger here . I 'm adjusting your neurotransmitter levels . We better get started . Don 't worry , Lieutenant . The son of K 'Vok will not be joining us . Glad to hear it . Does this qualify as our second date ? Just think of me as your chaperon . So ... where 's the off switch ? The vinculum is equipped with many safeguards . I will need to access its transneural matrix and disable it directly . I 'm reading a power surge . It 's a normal response to my intrusion . Don 't be alarmed . Curious ... I 'm detecting an organism within the vinculum . It appears to be a viral agent . Let 's see it . It 's a synthetic pathogen . The virus was originally a biological agent , but it 's mutated . It 's attacking the vinculum 's programs as it would living cells . An organism that attacks technology ? The cube was infected three days ago , shortly after assimilating an alien shuttlecraft . Species 6339 . They were the last ones to come in contact with the cube . Looks like we 've found our Typhoid Mary . Species 6339 , humanoid . Warp-capable . Origin : Grid 124 , Octant 22-Theta . They first encountered the Borg approximately four years ago . Since that time , 1 1 billion individuals have been assimilated . Three days ago , the collective detected one of their last surviving shuttlecraft . A cube was sent to intercept it . We believe the virus was carried within their bodies . Once they were assimilated , it spread to the vinculum . The drones aboard no doubt experienced symptoms similar to my own . It is no surprise they destroyed themselves . I 'd like to find Species 6339 . They may be able to help us treat you . Begin long-range astrometric scans . See if they have any more vessels in this region . Yes , Captain . I 've already begun a spatial diag ... My ... My , my . Look at the size of that thing . This viewscreen . It 's got to be one of the biggest I 've ever seen . I 'll give you 20 bars of latinum for it . I think the inhibitor 's gone off-line . Would you come here , please ? Be quiet . Can 't you see I 'm in the middle of a deal ? Name your price , Captain ... ? Janeway , and you are ... ? Daimon Torrot . You 're Ferengi . Of course I 'm Ferengi . is that some kind of insult about the size of my ears ? No , not at all . I 'd be happy to negotiate with you , but , first , we have to get you to Sick Bay . Sick Bay ? What for ? Because ... you 're ill . I 've never felt better . Doctor . I 'm afraid you 've contracted a nasty strain of the Ankaran flu . We 've been treating you several days . Remember ? No . Short-term memory loss- - it 's one of the symptoms . Don 't worry. lt isn 't life-threatening , but we 'll need to treat you ... in Sick Bay . What is this treatment going to cost me ? It 's free of charge . Free ? Yes . You know , I have been having a nagging pain in my lower left lobe , and while you 're at it why don 't you run a complete tricardial diagnostic ? The Ferengi Health Commission is trying to revoke my trading license . Impressive vessel , Captain . Galaxy-class ? Intrepid . Ah . Ah ! And here we are in the much talked about " Sick Bay . " Not exactly state of the medical art now , is it ? What do you mean ? Low on bio-beds , terrible lighting , obsolete instruments . Lucky for you , I know a medical supplier that can spruce this place up in a nanosecond and I 'll even drop my commission to a mere ... 30 percent ? How generous of you . Computer , activate force field . Force field ? You said I wasn 't contagious . It 's for your own safety . I set the cortical inhibitor to maximum ... I 've been kidnapped ! but it is no longer suppressing the effect . These personalities ... are going to keep surfacing . All the more reason to shut down the vinculum as soon as we can . Even if we do break the link , it may be too late . Seven 's own neural pattern is destabilizing . It could be lost . Please help me . I 'm looking for my son- - Gregory Bergan , Lieutenant Bergan . Have you seen him ? No , I 'm afraid not . From the Starship Melbourne . Melbourne ... I was supposed to meet him at Wolf 359 , but Starfleet sent out a warning that the Borg were attacking that sector . It was too late for us to turn back . We were caught in a terrible battle . My ship was badly damaged . We had to leave on escape pods . I never found out what happened to Gregory . Please , I haven 't heard from him in over three days . Could you check with Starfleet Headquarters ? I 'll see what I can do . Thank you , Captain . If ... if you do speak with him , could you tell him that his mother is all right and if he could pos ... ? Captain ... Seven ? Yes . The vinculum ... We 're preparing to shut it down right away . I 'll give the order as soon as Torres is ready . How long was I ... absent ? About 20 minutes . How many ? Two . One of whom wanted to acquire half the items on the ship . DaiMon Torrot , I believe . Species 180 , Ferengi . Yes . The other was a woman whose son was lost in a Borg attack . You 'll get through this , Seven . I do not share your optimism . When you took me from the Borg and began to turn me into an individual , I found the silence of my own mind difficult to bear . I missed the voices of the collective . But now that I am an individual those same voices ... frighten me . Captain , I don 't know if I can tolerate this condition much longer . My courage is insufficient . Your job is to keep trying ... to hold on , even when you think you can 't . Leave the rest to me and the crew . Meet anyone interesting ? Just finished swapping jokes with a Bolian manicurist . Before that , I was debating the finer points of temporal physics with a Krenim scientist . 12 new personalities have surfaced in the past hour alone . Seven 's having a rough time of it . The Doctor had to sedate her . And how 's the Captain holding up ? I 've been better , Chakotay . In fact ... I 'm starting to wonder if my first officer was right all along . About what ? You always said that bringing Seven into the fold might be impossible . " You can take the Borg out of the collective , but ... " I don 't believe that . Not anymore . I didn 't think she 'd last a day , much less a year . I 'd say you 've proven me wrong . Torres to Bridge . We 're ready to begin disabling the vinculum . Proceed . Target the transneural matrix . Stand by to initiate the dampening field on my mark . Three , two , one . Mark . Its power output is dropping . Doctor to Bridge . It seems to be working . Her neural pattern is stabilizing . Power output is down to 77 percent . 7 1 percent ... Wait a second . It 's increasing . I am refocusing the dampening field . It 's still increasing . The vinculum is rerouting its internal circuitry . It 's adapting . puH-chaH me 'roQ ! Engineering ! Mother ! Her synaptic pathways are destabilizing ! Abort the procedure ! ... voices . Help me ! Abort ! Stand by , Doctor . Power output at 98 percent . The force field is collapsing . Transfer to emergency power . It won 't work , Lieutenant . We must abort . Tuvok to Bridge . The procedure was unsuccessful . The vinculum has returned to full power . Acknowledged . Doctor , report . Seven 's neural pattern has disappeared , Captain . It appears that ... the other patterns have taken over completely . We 've lost her . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Long-range sensors have detected a vessel belonging to Species 6339 . We 've set a course to intercept them in the hopes they can help us restore Seven of Nine . I 've managed to stabilize her primary cortical functions , but the woman in Sick Bay is not Seven of Nine- - not anymore . New personalities are emerging every few seconds now . She can 't finish a sentence before the next one rears its head . It 's creating an incredible strain on her cerebral cortex . If we don 't deactivate the vinculum soon , we may never get her back . Tuvok ? Lieutenant Torres is taking measures to prevent the vinculum from adapting , but there 's no guarantee she 'll succeed . Captain , I 've exhausted every viable treatment in my database . Then logic dictates we go beyond medical science . I will attempt to mind-meld with Seven of Nine . A mind-meld ? You consider that a viable treatment ? Seven 's neural pattern- - her sense of self- - is immersed in chaos . I will attempt to isolate her true self and guide it to the surface . It 's dangerous enough to meld with one person , let alone hundreds of different personalities . It 's too risky . The risk is mine to take . I 'm aware of that , but is this our only option ? I believe it is , Captain . How long would you need to prepare ? Captain ... you can 't actually be considering this ... Vulcan mumbo jumbo . I will require two hours of meditation . Begin immediately . Report to Sick Bay when you 're ready . You said it yourself . We 've exhausted every medical treatment . I just hope I don 't find myself with a second patient . Captain to the Bridge . On my way . Commander ? It 's them- - Species 6339 . Their vessel is well-armed , Captain . I 'm picking up 22 phaser cannons on the aft section alone . Hail them . They 're responding . On screen . I 'm Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . We recently found a piece of Borg technology . It 's been infected with a viral agent we believe was transmitted by your ... The vinculum . You have it ? Yes . You 've made a terrible mistake , Captain . A weapon ? Yes . Since the Borg decimated our world , we 've been looking for ways to retaliate . So you created a virus to infect their technology . 13 of my people were injected with the virus . They allowed themselves to be assimilated so that the virus would spread to this vinculum . Once another Borg ship had retrieved it , they would be infected as well . Then another cube , and another ... We had the opportunity to infect dozens , even hundreds of Borg vessels until you interfered ! Why ? Your virus has had one unexpected casualty ... a member of my crew . It wasn 't designed to infect other species . She 's Borg . We liberated her from the collective over a year ago . She 's an individual now . We were hoping you could help us treat her . We designed that virus to destroy Borg , Captain . We never considered a treatment . I 'm afraid your drone won 't survive , but we must return the vinculum to the debris field immediately . If the Borg arrive first , we 'll have lost our chance . And those 13 people will have died in vain . All right . We 'll return it to you , but first we need to try to save our crew member . We think we have a way to counteract the vinculum 's effects . B 'Elanna ? I 'm going to try to remodulate our dampening field to compensate ... We don 't have time for this . The vinculum , Captain . I can 't give it to you . Not yet . You 've scanned our vessel . You 're aware of our firepower . You could undoubtedly do significant damage to Voyager and to the vinculum . is that what you want ? The vinculum survived the destruction of one ship . What makes you so sure it won 't survive another ? Doctor ... Seven . A necessary precaution . A few of your ... guests have been violent . The vinculum . It keeps adapting . We haven 't been able to shut it down . Your own neural pattern was nearly destroyed in the process . I wasn 't sure I 'd find you again . I am damaged . One of your ... personas didn 't appreciate the restraints . She seemed intent on forcing her way to freedom . I apologize . It was hardly your fault . You 're ill . irrelevant . I am Borg- - l should be able to adapt . Surprise- - you aren 't invincible . I suppose that 's something we 'll have to tackle in our next social lesson . Voices ? They 're getting louder . It won 't be long before I lose you again . It 's my duty as your physician to inform you of an alternative treatment . What treatment ? Commander Tuvok has proposed a mind-meld to help stabilize your neural pattern . I had a similar reaction . If you don 't approve ... What is the probability of success ? I don 't know . A mind-meld is hardly a standard medical practice . Are there any risks to Tuvok ? He could suffer brain damage , but he 's confident he 'll be able to break the meld before that happens . Even if we do shut down the vinculum , it may not be enough . If Tuvok can do anything to help me ... I understand . Doctor ... you have shown a great deal of patience . Not at all . Inform the crew that I am also grateful for their efforts . You 'll be able to tell them yourself afterward . Seven ! Voices ! Concentrate . Focus on the sound of my voice . Get them out , please ! I can 't ... I can 't ... No ! No ! Report . The alien vessel is coming about . They 're charging weapons . Shields . As if the meld weren 't dangerous enough , the aliens are trying to take the vinculum by force . Commander Chakotay is at tactical . The Captain wants you here with Seven . This will allow me to monitor your neural activity for the duration of the meld . At the first sign of trouble ... You will do nothing . I beg your pardon ? There will undoubtedly be many signs of trouble . You must have faith in my ability to endure them . I 'll try . I just hope my faith doesn 't leave the two of you brain-damaged . Your concerns have been noted , Doctor . With all of these new personalities floating around , it 's a shame we can 't find one for you . Computer , deactivate force field . Why am I tied to this bed ? Please let me go . pahtk ! I 'll rip out your throat , coward ! Name your price . Ten bars of latinum ? Twenty ? This isn 't medicine . It 's torture ! I 'll sue for malpractice ! I fail to see the logic in this meld , Commander . My mind to your mind . You are but one mind confronting thousands . My thoughts to your thoughts . You will not succeed . Your mind to my mind . Let me go . My mind to your mind . The Borg are assimilating the ship ! We 've got to evacuate . My thoughts to your thoughts . - Listen to me ! - My mind to your mind . They 're trying to assimilate the ship ! Let me go ! My thoughts to your thoughts . Where 's my mommy ? Mommy ! My mind to your mind . Mommy ... My thoughts to your thoughts . Seven ? Seven ! Seven ! Seven ! Seven ! Seven ! Seven ! I 'm lost ! Somebody help me ! Please ! I don 't like it here ! I want to go home ! I can 't find my ... Mommy ! Please ! Help me ! Please ! I don 't want to stay here ! I want to go home ! I don 't like it ! Please help me ! I want to go home ! These people are scary ! Please don 't go ! Please ! Why are you leaving me here ? ! Don 't go ! Please ! I don 't like it here ! Sick Bay to Engineering . How long until the vinculum 's off-line ? Two , maybe three minutes ... provided Voyager can stay in one piece for that long . Shields down to 60 percent . Evasive maneuvers . Target their weapons array . Targeting systems are malfunctioning . We 're losing power to main thrusters . Shields to 35 percent . Reroute all available power to shields . Chakotay , initiate manual targeting . Torres to Bridge . The vinculum 's stopped adapting . I think the new dampening field is working . We should have it disabled in the next 60 seconds . Warning . Neurochemical synapses are destabilizing . Computer , increase power to the cortical inhibitors . Unable to comply . Power transport systems are off-line . Tuvok , if you can hear me , we have to terminate the meld . Tuvok ! Tuvok ! ie 'raH tuh me 'roQ . Commander ? Commander ? Seven ! Commander ? Seven ! Power output 's down to 29 percent . 22 ... 17 ... Bridge , we just lost the field emitters . We took a direct hit to the power grid . Stand by . We 're switching to emergency backup . Seven ! Bridge , the vinculum 's powering up again . The field emitters are back on line . Pull the plug . It 's working . Power output down to 19 percent . 13 percent . Seven ! Seven ! Tuvok ! Seven ! It 's done , Captain . The vinculum 's off-line . Seven ? Yes . We have her back , Captain . Hail the lead vessel . Tell them we 're surrendering the vinculum . No response . Lock onto the damn thing . Beam it into space . Transport complete . They 're withdrawing . Take us out of here , Tom . Warp 9 . Yes , ma 'am . Captain 's Log , Stardate 52356.2 . After nearly a week of regeneration , Seven of Nine has finally recovered from her ordeal . Neuroprocessor , cortical receptors , all stable . She 's fit to return to duty . What about her other personalities ? Any sign of them ? Those neural patterns have returned to their dormant state . The voices will not return ? I suppose that depends on your perspective . You may not hear them , but I suspect they 'll always be with you . The members of this crew put themselves at risk to help me . I am unsure how to reciprocate . Let 's start with something small . Like a recalibration of the EPS manifolds ? B 'Elanna 's expecting you in Engineering . I will join her shortly . There is a crew member I must see first . These are star charts for the next three systems Voyager will pass through . Familiarize yourself with them . Understood . Sociological data regarding 173 Delta Quadrant species . Study it . I will . As Bridge Assistant , you will find this information relevant . Consider it " assimilated . " There is one more assignment . I require your assistance . Me ? I wish to participate in recreational activities . Great . Kadis-Kot . Instruct me how to play . I will comply .
