 The Devore ships are assuming a tactical formation . Bridge to Transporter Room . Status ? All set here , Captain . Pattern cohesion looks stable . Cargo Bay 1 , report . The bay is clear . They 're powering weapons . Why do they bother ? They know we won 't resist . Protocol , Mr. Paris . They 're hailing . Gaharay vessel , prepare to be inspected . Crew members are instructed to step away from their stations . We know the drill . Side arms and scanning equipment are to be set aside . Deviation from this or any other inspection protocols will not be tolerated . All hands , this is the Captain . Prepare to be boarded by Devore inspection teams . Give them your full cooperation . Let 's get this over with . Their soldiers have materialized on Decks 15 , 1 1 , 4 and 1 . Captain Janeway , report to your ready room . Good morning , Captain . I took the liberty of playing this music throughout your ship . I thought it might help your crew relax . Sometimes these inspections can be stressful . How thoughtful . I 've replicated some coffee . Black , as usual ? Black . Prax here still refuses to try it , but then , he 's a man of few pleasures . Captain , please make yourself at home . Those cell cultures are extremely fragile . Please ... You 've been routing power through your transporter system . Why ? It 's a routine diagnostic . We 've been having trouble with our imaging scanners . The problem is in the primary energizing coils . Focus your efforts there . Thanks for the tip . Contaminated antimatter . This material could interfere with our readings . A bionetic implant ? An interlink node . It permits communication with other Borg drones . You are not a telepath . No . Remarkable . How old is this ? About 600 years . My grandfather gave it to me when I was a child . It seems you have a long-standing obsession with exploration , Captain . I , on the other hand , have much more in common with this ancient soldier . He 's from Earth 's classical period . It produced some of our greatest artists as well . Your culture has many contradictions . Violence and beauty , science and faith ... all somehow mingled harmoniously . Like the counterpoint of this music . Mahler , Symphony # 1 . Am I correct ? You 're getting to know my musical database better than I do . I 've had time to review it since our last encounter . Tell me , are all of your inspections this personal ? I 'm just trying to get to know you , Captain . There 's no reason for us to be adversaries . I could be your friend and , right now , you could certainly use one . Really ? Why is that ? Your predicament . I don 't expect it 's been easy . Thousands of light-years from home , navigating by strange stars , trespassing in other people 's space , ignoring their laws . We 're just trying to get back to Earth , Inspector . Through the Devore Imperium ? It 's tough to avoid . Still , most people make the effort . We don 't exactly embrace outsiders . " Gaharay . " It means " strangers . " Which brings me to a matter that could threaten our friendship . I 've examined your crew manifest from our last inspection . Commander Tuvok , Ensign Vorik- - Vulcans . Ensigns Suder and Jurot- - Betazoids . All telepaths ... and yet for some reason , you neglected to mention them . For a very simple reason . They 're dead . Tuvok , Vorik and Jurot died in a shuttle crash about two months ago . Suder was killed in a conflict with a species called the Kazon . That 's fortunate ... for you , I mean . If I 'd found you were harboring telepaths , I would have had to arrest you for breaking our Cardinal Protocol . They were valued members of my crew , Inspector , not criminals . Perhaps . Captain ... do you trust me ? Not for a second . Exactly . And why should you ? Trust has to be earned . It 's gradual , and yet it 's the foundation of every relationship , professional and personal . It 's also a concept alien to the telepathic races . Why take someone at their word when you can simply read their mind ? We 've completed our inspection . There are no telepaths aboard . However , their sensor logs indicate they deviated from their assigned course on two occasions . In both cases , to avoid ion storms . imperative 32 , Codicil 626 : " All gaharay vessels . " that deviate from prescribed flight vectors will be impounded , their crews detained and relocated . " Prax , it 's clear the Captain didn 't intend to break protocol . I expect we can overlook these infractions . Sir ? Yes , sir . Captain , I 'm a reasonable man and you 've been cooperative , but consider this a reminder . You have a long trip through Devore space and good friends can be an asset . I 'll keep it in mind . The Devore vessels are out of range . Bridge to Transporter Team . You 're clear . Cargo Bay 1 to Ensign Kim . Pattern enhancers are in place . lnitiating rematerialization sequence . Harry , I 'm routing maximum power to the transporters . Got it . Align the confinement beam to ten angstroms . Energizing . Ensign Kim , the confinement beam is unstable . We 're trying to correct it now . What 's the problem ? We 're unable to consolidate their patterns . They 've been in suspension too long . Harry , increase power to the imaging scanners . Aye , Captain . It 's working . Nice work , Harry . All our guests are present and accounted for . Captain ... They 're gone ... for now . Captain 's Log , supplemental . After weeks of playing hide-and-seek with the Devore inspectors , our goal is near- - a transport vessel that will take our passengers to a wormhole leading out of hostile territory . Back to your old self again ? Each time we do this , I feel as though I 've left a few molecules behind in your cargo bay . Well , I 'll have someone scan the room if it 'll make you feel better . Kir , we just received an encoded message from the transport vessel . They 've changed the rendezvous point again . I 'm afraid so . Did they send the new coordinates ? We 're still waiting for them . Captain , we may have another problem . I just treated Tuvok and two of the refugees for acute cellular degradation . I 've repaired most of the damage , but unfortunately , the effect is cumulative . Meaning ? If we continue to go into transporter suspension , some of us may not survive . Bridge to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . We 're receiving another transmission . Acknowledged . The new coordinates are here within a Mutara-class nebula , 2.36 light-years from our current position . It 's definitely out of the way- - less chance of being discovered- - but it 'll take two more days to get there . Two days- - that increases the chances that we 'll run into another inspection . Given the frequency of patrols in that area , it 's likely we 'll be stopped at least once . Just what the Doctor didn 't order . Tuvok , Seven , I want you to lay in a course that 'll attract as little attention as possible . We 'll avoid their colonies , space stations , tourist attractions- - if they have any . The Ogre of Fire 's castle hovered over the forest like a great , black spaceship , turning day into night . Now , Flotter and Trevis knew they had to find a way to keep the Ogre from burning the forest down , but his castle- - it was higher than the tallest tree . It seemed hopeless until they discovered ... A door . A door , right . A mysterious door , right in the middle of a ... The clearing . You know , it 's ... it 's not nice to read people 's thoughts when they 're telling a story . I 'm sorry . It 's all right . Why don 't you all go play by yourselves for a while ? We 'll finish the story later . How are they doing ? Oh , fine , more or less . They don 't understand what all the fuss is about , but they 're telepaths , Captain . If the parents are concerned or fearful , the children feel it , too . You did the right thing . If we hadn 't taken them off that freighter , they 'd be in a detention center by now . Well , we 're going to make sure that doesn 't happen . is the kitchen still open or are you just serving stories ? For you , it 's always open . Commander , I 'm detecting a vessel , 300,000 kilometers and closing . The signature is Devore . Red Alert . Shields up . Bridge to Captain . More company , Commander ? Looks like it . Get our visitors to the cargo bay . Stand by for transporter suspension . Aye , Captain . Neelix . Right away . Come on , now . We 're going to go see your parents . Let 's go . Report . It 's a scout ship . One pilot ; no other crew . The vessel hasn 't raised shields or charged weapons . If this is another inspection , it 's certainly a different approach . We 're being hailed . Open a channel . Captain . Inspector . It 's urgent that we speak . You know the way to my ready room . It 's all right , Ensign . I submitted to your previous inspections because you outgunned me , but I don 't see any of your warships nearby . I have no intention of cooperating . I 'm not here to search Voyager . Then what do you want , inspector ? Call me Kashyk , please . I never liked that title . In fact , I 've left it behind . Did somebody offer you a promotion , or are you just having a bad day ? I 'm defecting , and I need your help . Me ? I 've come to ask asylum- - safe passage out of Devore space before I end up in a detention center myself . Now , why would I risk the safety of my crew by harboring a defector ? Because of what I 'm about to tell you . If you continue on your present course , you 'll be intercepted by a squadron of my warships . Voyager will be seized , your crew imprisoned or worse . The nebula is a trap , Captain , to catch vessels smuggling telepaths . You 've inspected my ship three times . You know we aren 't smuggling telepaths or anyone else . What I know is that you have 12 refugees aboard right now , that you rescued them from a freighter three weeks ago and that you 've been concealing them in Cargo Bay 1 , using your transporters . I could have exposed them at any time , but I wanted them to escape as much as you do . I can still protect them , but only if you take me with you . My people know about the wormhole . It 's only a matter of time before they find it . You have no choice , Captain . I 'm your only hope . This is our rendezvous point inside this nebula . Unfortunately , the transport vessel we 're supposed to meet is no longer there . Inspector . A Devore warship . One of a dozen positioned throughout the nebula- - all invisible to our sensors until Kashyk showed me how to compensate for their refractive shielding . Your soldiers intercepted the transport ship ? Over a week ago . We were the ones who changed the rendezvous coordinates . Two vessels carrying refugees have already been seized . Voyager would have been next . All right , Inspector , you helped us avoid this ambush . What now ? We 'll have to get your passengers to the wormhole on our own . These are the schedules and routes of our patrols , along with tactical data on our shield and weapons configurations- - enough to ensure that you avoid another inspection . How long before you 're missed ? Well , I took two weeks ' leave . Enough time , I hope , to find the wormhole and get your passengers safely through it , and myself , as well . Your data is useful , but it doesn 't guarantee our success . No . For that , you 'll need my guidance and some luck . I 'll have to take this up with the Brenari ... see what they think of their new benefactor . I 'll let you know what they decide . I 'll have to insist you remain under guard . - No hard feelings . - No hard feelings . It 's unusual ... but not unheard of . There have been sympathizers before . Kashyk may be telling the truth . Maybe you should just read his thoughts . Devore soldiers undergo years of mental training to prevent that . He might be telling the truth , but he also might be using us to find the wormhole . So what do we do , throw him in the brig ? No . We take him up on his offer to help , see how it plays out . But I want 'round-the-clock security . We need to watch his every movement . That leaves us with our next question : How do we find the wormhole ? I 've given it some thought . There 's a scientist named Torat . He 's from a nearby system . He 's rumored to know more about the wormhole than anyone . He might help us ... for a price . - A price ? - His species power their ships with a fluidic alloy that 's difficult to find . Perhaps we can replicate it . I have some data on its composition . See what you can do . In the meantime , we 'll set a course for Torat 's planet , try to track him down . Nervous ? Let 's just say ... I 'm not used to other people deciding my fate . Until today , you were part of a government responsible for persecuting thousands of innocent people . Why the sudden change of heart ? There 's nothing sudden about it . I 've been looking for a way to escape for years . Voyager was the perfect opportunity . How so ? Well , what are you suggesting ... I ask a Brenari vessel for assistance ? They 'd throw me out an airlock . Besides ... you 're something of a humanitarian , Captain . I 've read your database . I know all about Starfleet philosophy , unless you left those ideals behind in the Alpha Quadrant . I certainly don 't grant asylum to every person I meet , especially ones who ransack my ship and terrorize my crew . You 're asking me to believe you 're someone else ... and ... that 's a leap of faith I 'm not ready to make . You 're turning me away . No . No . I 'm going to give you safe passage to the wormhole ... in return for your help in getting us there , but I 'm also imposing some restrictions . You 'll have your own quarters , but limited access to Voyager 's systems , and your whereabouts will be monitored at all times . I 'm used to being surrounded by armed guards . Makes me feel secure . Only this time , they answer to me . Consider them a reminder that Voyager is my ship . I don 't think anyone could doubt that . Captain 's Log , supplemental . It 's taken us nearly two days , but we 've managed to locate Torat , the man who 's supposedly an expert on wormholes . Unfortunately , he seems reluctant to share his expertise . He 's trying to evade us . Hail him again . Mr. Torat doesn 't seem too trusting . Maybe he 's been through one inspection too many . No response . He 's deactivated his communications system . I think I can tap into his computer , override the lockout . Do it . Go away ! This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . We have no hostile intent . Then why are you pursuing me ? We 'd just like to ask ... Federations , lmperiums ... Why do you people feel such a need to align yourselves with monolithic organizations , hmm ? I 'd be glad to discuss that and any other philosophical issue you care to raise , if you would just slow down and talk . Sorry . Can 't do that . I 'm late for a very important conference ! This is a waste of time . Disable his ship . That 's what we call overkill , Inspector . Ensign , can we transport at this range ? Absolutely . Energizing . Welcome aboard . Your reputation precedes you . 20 centiliters of mercurium isochromate- - no impurities- - and this is just a sample . We 've synthesized enough to power your ship for a year . It doesn 't matter . I never heard of this ... wormhole you 're looking for , or these so-called refugees . Well , they 've heard of you . Well , no doubt- - my research is famous . Think of all the stars you could research once you 've infused your propulsion system with this . There 's no point in bribing me . He 's right . He couldn 't help us if he wanted to . What do you mean by that ? I doubt you 'd know a wormhole from a dark matter inversion . Professor ... Kashyk is another expert I 've retained to help us with this matter . I 'm afraid he 's not as impressed with your work as I am . In fact , he discouraged me from seeking you out . Professor Kashyk ? Never heard of you . Not surprising , considering you toil in scientific obscurity . Obscurity ? ! l-l 've discovered over 60 astronomical phenomena ! Not worth the sensors they were recorded on . Oh ... There 's no need to insult the man . Just because he doesn 't know how to find an interspatial flexure . Interspatial flexure ? Why didn 't you say so in the first place ? He said wormhole- - a layman 's term that ... that covers any number of phenomena . I am familiar with a certain anomaly that could be categorized as an " interspatial flexure . " Where is it ? Actually , a better question would be : Where is it now ? It 's really quite interesting . The aperture of the phenomenon- - which I prefer to call an intermittent cyclical vortex- - is unfixed . It manifests infrequently , for only brief periods of time and in varying locations . I can give you the last four locations . Perhaps you can extrapolate the next one ... if you 're as accomplished a scientist as you claim to be . - Think . - l 'm thinking . Think harder . Four wormhole appearances less than 20 light-years apart- - there 's no pattern . Did you apply a fractal coefficient ? Didn 't work . Neutrino flux parameters ? Mm-hmm . Statistical algorithms ? Every one I could find . This wormhole defies analysis . Maybe Torat was right- - we 're just out of our league . It 's not like you to give up . Think harder . How do you predict ... a random occurrence ? You follow your instincts . Captain ? Counterpoint . It 's in all great music . Parallel melodies playing against one another . We 've been looking at the obvious- - frequency , location , timing- - but each of those parameters could have a counterpoint in subspace . If we could run an algorithm based on subspace harmonics , it might reveal our pattern . Computer , run a subspatial transkinetic analysis on the wormhole data . Analysis in progress . This 'll take a minute . I 'm going to miss this ... coffee of yours . Well , I will give you the recipe . Thank you . You don 't sound too happy about leaving . The Brenari aren 't about to embrace a former lnspector . I 'll be feared , hated for what I represent . Anxiety doesn 't become you , Inspector . Try to relax a little . I suppose you liked me better in uniform . I haven 't decided whether I like you at all . We call them the Kolyan Kolyar- - lnfinite Spirals . Beautiful . As a boy , I spent years gazing at these lights . This is the last time I 'll ever see them . We have something similar back on Earth- - the Aurora Borealis . Which you , too , may never see again . I suppose we 're both refugees , in a way . I 'm still counting on getting this ship home . Are you sure you 'll be welcome when you do ? I came across something else in your database- - the " Prime Directive . " The Federation 's " Cardinal Protocol . " It seems you violated it when you rescued these telepaths . Well , let 's just say I usually go with my instincts ... and sort it out later at the Board of inquiry . Those Admirals and I were on a first-name basis , you know . Ah . You 're risking a lot , too . Why ? Three months ago , my teams were inspecting a plasma-refining vessel . We found a family of telepaths hiding in one of the extraction tanks . There was a child ... very young . She 'd been inside it for days , barely able to breathe . When I lifted her out and set her down on the deck ... she thanked me . I sent her to a relocation center with the others , knowing full well what would happen to her . After that , I could think of nothing else , and when I couldn 't stand it any longer ... You 're my deliverance , Captain . Analysis complete . It worked . It looks like it 'll appear in about three days ... less than eight light-years from here . The Tehara system . is that a problem ? There 's an automated sensor array between here and Tehara . Can we go around it ? We 'd never make it in time . We 'll have to find a way to avoid detection . Let 's do it in the morning . We 've done enough for tonight . Are you saying good-bye ? There 'll be other spirals . They 've just never looked quite so ... beautiful before . Could be the company I 'm keeping . Or the polarization axis of the windows . That must be it . How often does this array emit a scanning pulse ? Every 40 seconds . Range ? Ten light-years . The pulse is designed to track warp fields and impulse signatures . If we lower our power output to beneath its detection threshold ... We could drift past undetected . It 's worth a try . Well , good night . Captain ... why don 't you ... join me ? I 've been looking forward to trying your replicator . Well , I 'm sure that I can come up with something to toast the evening . We 've accomplished quite a bit today . I 'm afraid that won 't be possible . I had your replicator taken off-line . In case I decided to replicate a weapon . A safety precaution , you understand . Better than anyone . Sleep well . And you . As you were . 15 seconds . Our power output is below the detection threshold . Ten seconds . Five ... four ... three ... two ... We weren 't detected . Ten minutes and we 'll be out of range . Engineering to Bridge . We 've got a problem . That pulse triggered a variance in the antimatter stream . It 's not much , but it 'll light us up like a beacon when the next pulse hits . Options ? I can 't correct it in time . So that leaves shutting down the core . Do it . The array has released - another pulse . - Time ? 28 seconds . Get down to the plasma injectors . Grab a tricorder and monitor the antimatter flow . Aye , sir . 20 seconds . B 'Elanna ... Almost there , Captain . I 'm having a problem with the injectors . 15 seconds . Ten seconds . Four ... three ... two ... We 've been detected . The array 's transmitting an alert . Can we block it ? Negative . Stand down grey mode . B 'Elanna , fire up the core . We 're getting out of here . Warships will be on their way , but we can still reach the wormhole . If we can find it . Tom , how long to the Tehara system ? 1 1 hours at maximum warp . Engines are back on line . Engage . Using the model we developed , we were able to narrow down the location of the wormhole 's next appearance to a radius of 200,000 kilometers . We can 't determine its exact position until we reach the system , but we know it will open in roughly six hours . And will remain open for two minutes at most . I 've devised a new shield modulation , which should protect us against their weapons . You 're not planning to fight your way to the wormhole ? If I have to . Bridge to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . Long-range sensors have picked up two Devore warships heading right for us . Time to intercept ? Six hours . Take the Bridge . I 'll be in Engineering . Kashyk . First , we 'll check those shield modifications . Then we 'll see if we can adjust our phasers to penetrate the Devore shields . If torpedoes don 't work , I want an alternative . Captain , we have to talk but not here . I 'm going back to rejoin the warships . It 's the only way that I can guarantee your safety . Kashyk ... I 'm still a ranking officer . I can take command of the inspection teams , make sure the refugees aren 't discovered . You said yourself they 're suspicious . Return now and you risk being caught . I can keep them off track long enough to get you through that wormhole . It 's too dangerous . Kathryn ... You asked for safe passage and I agreed , under the condition that you follow my orders . You may stand a chance against one of our warships , but not against two . If I stay , your best chance of escape will be lost . I could confine you to quarters . I was planning on asking you to stay with us , once we got through the wormhole . I wouldn 't mind having someone around who appreciates a bit of Tchaikovsky now and then . Generous , but ... something tells me I wouldn 't fit in any better on Voyager . Well ... you wouldn 't be the first wayward soul we 've folded into our ranks . Your shuttle will be ready for launch within the hour . Our course will put us just outside the Teharan system by the time the warships arrive . Your inspection teams have to be off Voyager before that wormhole opens . Believe me , it 'll be the quickest inspection on record . I 'll be on the Bridge . Your efforts have been greatly appreciated . My pleasure . Live long and prosper . Thank you . Begin preignition sequence . I 've made one adjustment to your plan . After the inspection , we 're going to wait at the wormhole for as long as we can ... until it begins to collapse . I may not be able to join you this time . Try . They 're assuming a tactical formation . Shields ? No . We follow protocol . Bridge to Transporter Room . Status ? Ready , Captain . Pattern cohesion stable . Cargo Bay 1 ? Clear . They 're hailing . On screen . Gaharay vessel , prepare to be ... We 've been through three inspections . Please explain why another is necessary . Crew members are instructed to step away from their stations . Side arms and scanning equipment are to be set aside . Deviation from this or any other inspection protocols will not be tolerated . All hands , this is the Captain . Prepare to be boarded by Devore inspection teams . Give them your usual warm welcome . Devore soldiers have materialized on Decks 15 , 12 , 8 , 4 ... And ... 1 . Captain Janeway , report to your ready room . Captain . Good to see you again . Likewise . Tchaikovsky . Of all the selections in your database , this remains my favorite . Mine , too . I 'm afraid Prax isn 't impressed . He 's solely concerned with his work , aren 't you , Prax ? As you say , sir . Yes , he 's curious why you entered this sector . You 're aware it 's restricted . We were planning to study a supernova remnant not far from here . You strayed a full light-year from your course in order to observe an astronomical phenomenon ? We 're explorers . Yes , I remember . I also remember warning you about going where you don 't belong . Exploring can sometimes be hard to resist , Inspector . Well , it 's a romantic notion , Captain , but one I can 't allow you to indulge . I 'm afraid I 'll have to ask you to leave our space immediately . Prax , why don 't you check on our teams , while I reiterate our protocols for Captain Janeway . Do they suspect anything ? Not yet , but our warships have been monitoring Voyager 's movements for the past few days , and mine as well . I don 't think we have much time . The Brenari ? They 're in transporter suspension . And the wormhole ? We found it . It 's 20,000 kilometers off our port bow . We 've determined that a photon torpedo , properly calibrated , will force open the threshold long enough for Voyager to get through . Congratulations , Captain . For awhile , I wasn 't sure if even you could find it . Prax . Go to Cargo Bay 1 . You 'll find the transporter patterns for more than a dozen telepaths . Rematerialize them . Yes , sir . Impressive . You gave a masterful performance . I 'm the one who 's impressed with your selflessness , your humanity . It made all this so much easier . Oh , but what about your selflessness ? That touching story about the little girl- - was that a fabrication , too ? Oh , that incident was real . What I didn 't tell you was that after wrestling with my ethics , I realized that I 'd done the right thing in order to protect my people from a very real threat . Please . I insist . Captain ... Access their forward sensor array . You should find neutrino emissions at roughly 20,000 kilometers off the port bow . On screen . Target two photon torpedoes . When the first one detonates , the wormhole will open . Use the second one to destabilize its subspace matrix . That will destroy it . Prax , report . I 've isolated the bio-patterns . Fire . It should have detonated . Those aren 't neutrino emissions . They 're antimatter residue signatures . There 's no wormhole here . You created false readings . That is the theme for this evening , isn 't it ? Prax , do you have the telepaths ? I have cargo containers ... filled with vegetables . Return to the Bridge . Computer , change music selection . Mahler 's Symphony # 1 , second movement . Maybe this will help you relax . Inspector , we 've completed our inventory of the vessel . Two of their shuttlecraft are missing . They couldn 't have gone far . Why didn 't they appear on our long-range scans ? Of course ! Adjust their scanners to compensate for refractive shielding . Well , you gave us the specifications . Seemed a shame to waste them . We 've located the two shuttlecraft . Range 20 million kilometers . Order our ships to pursue . Maximum speed ! We 're approaching the coordinates . I 'm firing the torpedo . The shuttles have disappeared from sensors . We 've scanned for a wormhole . If there was one , it 's gone . I 'll order Janeway and her crew removed . We 'll confiscate the vessel , deliver them to the nearest detention center . You 're dismissed . imperative 12 , Codicil Six requires ... To hell with protocol , Prax ! Do you think either of us will benefit from having this failure on our records ? As far as you 're concerned , this incident never occurred . Make sure your teams share that understanding . Well played , Captain . It seems I never did earn your trust . I had to take a few precautions . You understand . Better than anyone . I never lied to you . My offer to take you with us was genuine , and it would still stand if you 'd kept your part of the bargain . For what it 's worth ... you made a tempting offer . The Bridge is yours .
