 - input failure . - input failure . Input failure . Our link to the collective has been severed . lnitiate secondary protocols . The vessel 's transwarp chamber is approaching critical pressure . We must evacuate this area . Agreed . No directional ... coordinates are available . ... coordinates are available . That way . Bearing 301 . Agreed . Bring that drone . Captain 's Log , Stardate 53049.2 . We 've docked at the Markonian Outpost and agreed to mutual visits , so I 'm allowing shore leave to anyone who wants it . Commander Tuvok has objected to taking on too many visitors . But , security issues aside , I 'm looking forward to a cultural exchange and making some new friends . Pardon me . Excuse me . Careful , careful . Excuse me . Watch it ! Excuse me . Captain ? I 'll be right with you . The station manager didn 't tell me the vines were prehensile . I went to put some water in the pot and it grabbed me . This is a gift from the Kinbori Delegation . I don 't know its name , only that it 's used in one of their sacred games and it 's very heavy . Well , put it down anywhere . Thank the Kinbori for me , and give them a token of our esteem . I already gave them a Voyager medallion . They seemed appreciative . Come in . Doesn 't it look like Christmas morning in here , Commander ? You have to admit the generosity of our guests is very impressive . As is their proclivity for criminal behavior . This morning 's security report . Broken ODN line ... some missing personal items ... a damaged scanner relay . All in all , not that bad . There is a second page to the report . Well , some of these incidents are a little more serious . But on balance , I still think we did the right thing . There is a third page . Come on , Tuvok , after all the xenophobic races we 've run into don 't you find it just a little refreshing to meet some people who value openness and freedom ? Well , as far as I 'm concerned , opening the ship has been a fascinating experience and an unqualified success . I 'm very pleased . Me , too . I am pleased that you are pleased . If you 'll excuse me . Tuvok ... please accept this token of our esteem . Oh , no . It 's got me by the hair . Now it 's 12 : 45 . If you 're hungry , you may eat without me . You said we 'd have lunch together . I haven 't completed my analysis of the station 's power conversion matrix . How long is it gonna take ? Several hours . Seven , you promised . Very well . I think it 's even more crowded than this morning . Yes . Excuse us . Excuse us . Please , we 're trying to get through to the turbolift . Excuse us . Stand aside ! Thank you . I 'm sorry , but there 's no more Marsupial Surprise . We only had two kilos of pouches to begin with and it 's all gone ! Now , how about some pizza , huh ? She 's ... a Shivolian , right ? Correct . Species 521 ? Your mother would not approve of you memorizing Borg designations . I don 't approve either . We 've discussed the impropriety of you emulating the Borg . Sorry . I 'm finished . We just sat down . I do not enjoy crowds . But you were in the collective . Wasn 't that like a big crowd ? Which is why I do not enjoy them now . Oh. I 'm sorry . I didn 't realize that . Let 's go . Excuse me . Are you Seven of Nine ? Yes . You okay ? These are Borg synaptic relays from my original unimatrix . These are yours ? Where did you acquire them ? A trader from Orendal V. I was told you are a former Borg drone and might be interested in acquiring these pieces . I 'll take them . Captain Janeway will provide you with whatever monetary reimbursement you require . Agreed . I must examine these items more closely . Okay . What 's your name ? That was rude . Stage two is complete . She has the relays . She 's going to study them . Her regeneration alcove is in Cargo Bay 2 . That 's where she 'll go . We should prepare for stage three . Agreed . There 's consensus . Rendezvous at my coordinates and stand by to penetrate their security . Error . Explain . We shouldn 't be desecrating the body of this drone . It is against the will of Brothara . Who is Brothara ? Brothara : a supernatural deity worshipped by Species 57 1 . I am a member of Species 57 1 . You 're being confused by irrelevant data . Ignore it . You said , " l am a member of Species 57 1 . " Do you consider yourself an individual ? There are no individuals here . We are Borg . - Agreed . - Agreed . Agreed . Resume constructing the communications beacon . It looks like a standard Borg synaptic relay . There must be something more . When I first came into contact with it , I was overwhelmed with images , memories , sounds . Sounds like a perfectly natural reaction to me . That was part your old unimatrix , right ? Well , isn 't it at least possible that what you experienced was simply nostalgia ? You know , sentimental feelings about the past . I know what nostalgia is , but I have no feelings about the past . Okay . I think I 've done all I can here . Lieutenant ... you were trying to help . I appreciate that . Anytime . Oh , and , um , you may not be nostalgic about the past , but I 'd say you definitely have feelings about it . Strong ones . Their security protocols are formidable . We may not have enough time . I 'm worried about Seven of Nine . We should reexamine the question of simply asking ... You know what her reactions will be . She won 't help us because she ... We 've been through all that . She could be permanently injured . I don 't want to harm ... Enough ! We need consensus . We can 't act without it . I know . So , then it 's up to you . Do we proceed or not ? Yes . We ... I apologize for my indecision . Apologies are irrelevant ! Computer , begin multipolar analysis . Analysis underway . Time to completion ? Five hours , 17 minutes . She 's regenerating . Begin rerouting their internal sensors . Rerouting sensor input to secondary processors . Hold . What have you got ? There 's a power fluctuation in the security grid . All we know is that we 've got a security breach . We don 't know where . Ready . Insert the interlink module . Ready . He 's still worried about injuring her . If we fail , we 'll never become individuals . We have to remember that . There is consensus . I 've found her memory files . She 's aware of our presence . She 's trying to regain consciousness . We must abort . No ! We 're too close . I will not comply . I have performed this action before . I was with my father . He was a tall man . I have a ... similar memory . But I was in a house and the fire was in a hearth . The biomatter is ready . It tastes similar to a bird I once ate . I used to prepare food ... for ... my parents . They lived ... in a small building by ... a river . I used to be ... afraid of the dark . Just before I was assimilated , I was ... eating with a group of men . We ... worked in numbers . Mathematics . I ... calculated equations for another man . I have a name . It 's ... Marika . Marika Willkarah . Willkarah . Hello , Marika Willkarah . Her designation is Three of Nine . I have a name . P 'Chan . Son of Dornar and Ansha . My primary function was to care for them . I was married . We were on a starship ... the Excalibur . I worked in Engineering . This is not my hand . My parents ... they 're dead . The Borg killed them . I hate the Borg . This is counterproductive . We must delete all irrelevant data . I want my hand back . I was on duty ... the night watch ... when the Borg came ... . Oh , my God ! Look at what they 've ... done to me ! These - these things they put in my body ! What have they done ? Command override . Cease this interaction ! Comply . We will not access these memory files again . lnitiate the prescribed maintenance and survival protocols only . No further communication is required , until we are reassimilated into the collective . - Agreed . - Agreed . Agreed . ... but whoever removed their implants was a poor surgeon . Their internal organs were damaged during the procedure and their bodies are covered with scars . You said you recognized them . Not at first . But when they attempted to access my memory files , I was momentarily linked with them . Two of Nine . Three of Nine . Four of Nine . We were all members of the same unimatrix . Do you know why they were trying to access your memories ? No . How long have they been disconnected from the collective ? Three or four months . However , they are still connected to each other . Somehow , the left parietal lobes of their brains have been transformed into organic interlink nodes . They 've become linked together into a sort of collective triad . Revive them . I 'm Captain Janeway . We know who you are , and we know what you were trying to do . What we don 't know is why . She has information we need . What kind of information ? We want to become ... individuals . You want to break the neural link between the three of you ? Wouldn 't you ? None of us is alone with our own thoughts , our own feelings . Every day of my life is spent hearing their two voices in my head . When we 're asleep , we experience each other 's dreams . How 's that different from life in the collective ? In the collective , there are billions of voices . They become ... white noise . But with only three ... Each voice comes through clearly . It has to stop . We must break the neural link . Doctor , is there anything you can do ? The modifications are too extensive . Their neuronal pathways have been fundamentally altered . You hold the key . Why ? You were there with us . Planet 1865 Alpha . You must remember . Eight years ago , our vessel crashed . The four of us were the only survivors . When we were reassimilated ... We found we 'd been linked together somehow . We were a subset within the collective . It 's like having three voices whispering in one ear ... And a crowd screaming in the other . We had to break free , so we worked together , and we finally escaped . We had our implants removed on lnavar Prime ... But they couldn 't break the neural link . We need to find out what happened eight years ago after the crash ... The night we were reassimilated into the collective . We need to know how the link was created . But our memories are ... Fragmented , disorganized . We hoped that you would know . I don 't . However , I am willing to attempt to retrieve the data . Come with me . Are you ready ? Yes . Data search complete . Do you remember anything further ? No . My last memory is of us ... ls of us standing around ... Around a campfire . And yet the data files in your cortical processor appear to be intact . I see no evidence that would explain your lapse in memory . What about you ? Why don 't you remember what happened ? I don 't know . I 've found no evidence of damage to my memory files either . I remember the campfire and then waking up in the collective . There is an obvious gap ... but no indication of why . Why do they still call you Seven ? You should have a name . It is my name . No . It 's a designation . You 're an individual now . I decided that my former name was no longer appropriate . Prepare to reinitialize the memory cascade . I can 't wait to use my real name again . There is nothing preventing you from doing so . Except that , most of the time , I don 't know whether my name is Marika , P 'Chan or Lansor . The names , the memories ... The memories , even the thoughts flow from one to the other . I can 't love or hate or laugh ... - Or cry without ... - or cry without ... - sharing it with them . - sharing it with them . How can any of us take a name for ourselves ... For ourselves ? We 're not individuals . We 're not Borg . We 're nothing . Begin the memory cascade . " A friendly game " ? Well ... that 's how it started . I see . And perhaps you could explain to me how this friendly game turned into a street brawl ? Well , Harry and I wanted to explore the station . Um ... we wanted to broaden our understanding of alien cultures and , uh ... Skip the recruiting speech . You were looking for a bar . Then what ? Well , we found one and we met a pair of Kinbori who told us about this game they play with these big , odd - looking rackets ... You mean one of those ? Yeah ! Yeah . I - in any case , they challenged us to a game and we accepted , but I guess we weren 't quite aware of all the rules . Because you 'd been drinking . Yes , ma 'am . Y - You see , we thought it was a version of tennis , but as soon as we hit the first volley , this Kinbori jumps over the net and starts attacking us with his racket . So we figured we were supposed to fight back ... Yeah . And then , uh ... well , things got a little out of hand . " A little out of hand . " Seven Voyager crewmen , including two Bridge officers along with 13 Kinbori and one Morphinian cafe owner ... all arrested . The charges range from disorderly conduct to assault on a security officer . Th - That one 's not true . Oh , thank you , Mr. Kim . I 'll note that exception in my log . You 're both confined to quarters until further notice - - after you report to Sick Bay . That 's all . Well , did you win ? Oh , yes , ma 'am . We kicked their ... rackets . Good . Dismissed . Any progress ? I 've determined that we all have exactly the same gap in our memories . It seems unlikely that it would be a coincidence . So you believe the collective deliberately wiped your recollections of the reassimilation process ? It is the most likely explanation . But ... ? The collective would not care that four drones remembered being reassimilated . Something must have happened during the process . Something they wanted to hide from you . Let 's look at this from a different perspective . Why would the collective lock them into a neural triad in the first place ? I don 't know . There is no advantage to having three drones linked together in this manner . Well , they obviously did it for some reason ... and I get the feeling that if we can answer that question , the rest should fall into place . But I wish we could find a way to close the gaps in your memories . There is a way . I assume there 's a reason you didn 't mention it before now . It would involve linking my neural interface to theirs . Together , we may be able to restore the missing data . However , I would again be part of a group mind . You 're not eager to revisit that experience , hmm ? There 's also the possibility that I could become trapped in the neural link . Turning the triad into a quartet . I won 't ask you to take that kind of risk . I do feel compelled to help them , but I am uncertain as to the correct course of action . Let me ask you something . Do you think of these people ... as family ? is it relevant ? There 's an old saying : " Blood is thicker than water . " It means that the ties of family run deeper than any other kind of relationship . We 'll often do things for members of our family we 'd never dream of doing for anyone else . Seven ! Seven ! Naomi Wildman . I heard about the drones . Did they hurt you ? I am not damaged . What do they want ? They are seeking information from me , but I am uncertain whether I can help them . Oh . Be careful . Naomi Wildman , do you consider me to be family ? I ... I don 't , I mean ... well ... yes . is ... that okay ? I have no objection . Do you ... think of me as family ? Yes . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Seven of Nine has decided to undergo the procedure that will link her mind with the other drones . Despite the risk involved , she feels an obligation to help these " distant cousins . " I 'll be monitoring your neural readings while you 're in the link . But I 'm not certain I 'll be able to counter the effects if ... you become trapped . I know you 'll do your best . It 's never a good sign when the patient feels the need to comfort the Doctor . Good luck . - Ready . - Ready . - Ready . - Ready . You are damaged . I will assist you . Don 't worry . Everything will be all right . The collective has located us . A Borg vessel is on its way . We will be one with the Borg again . No ! I do not want to rejoin the collective . Agreed . That is in violation of all established protocols . Forget the protocols . You 're not a drone . You 're a person , like us . You have a name ... a life ! All you have to do is embrace who you really are . No. I do not exist . I am only part of the greater whole . That 's what they want you to believe . That 's what they want us all to believe . We are Borg . Our primary function is to serve the collective . Not anymore . Error ! Input failure ! They may know what planet we 're on , but without the beacon , it 'll be far more difficult to locate us . If we can remodulate our cortical implants , we might be able to elude their sensors . We must leave this place . This discussion is in violation of all established protocols . You stay here and be reassimilated if you want to . I won 't ! What are you ... doing ? The nanoprobes will create new interlink nodes in your left hemisphere . Resistance is futile . I will not comply ! I will not comply ! State your designations . Two of Nine , Primary Adjunct of Unimatrix 01 . Three of Nine , Auxiliary Processor of Unimatrix 01 . Four of Nine , Secondary Adjunct of Unimatrix 01 . What is your primary function ? To serve the collective . You will repair the communications beacon . It was you ! You were responsible . What have you done to us ? You linked us together . You 're responsible for our suffering . How could you do it ? If you didn 't want to return ... - To the collective ... - You didn 't have to . You don 't understand what happened . Somebody help me ! What 's happening ? Somehow , they broke their link with Seven . They 're malfunctioning . Help me get them to Sick Bay . When they broke the connection with you , it must have overloaded their cortical implants . They went into neural shock . And yet I was undamaged . I think I know why . You said you remembered injecting them with nanoprobes eight years ago ... Yes . It created an interlink between them . It was the only way to prevent them from escaping the collective . Well , it seems to have had an unfortunate side effect . Their higher brain functions were somehow tied into the interlink . When they broke their connection with you in the Cargo Bay , the shock to their cognitive systems was too great . Can you revive them ? I could remove the microcortical implants . That would break the link binding them together , but it would also kill them . They 'd only live a matter of weeks . A month at the most . What are the other options ? They could be returned to the Borg . If they were reassimilated into the collective , they would regain consciousness and then live out a normal life span . As drones . As drones , but they 'd be alive , Seven . They have no hope of surviving unless they return to the collective . Not exactly a happy ending , is it ? No . Back on that planet ... why do you think you reacted so differently from the rest of them ? Why were you so afraid of becoming an individual ? When I was first assimilated into the collective , I was a child . They were assimilated as adults . When our individual memories began to resurface ... Yours were of being a little girl ... a scared little girl . I let that fear control me . After I saw the drone die in the swamp , I ... panicked . I began to envision my own death ... alone ... without even the sound of another drone to comfort me . So I forced them to return . I infiltrated their left cerebral hemispheres with nanoprobes and created a new interlink network - - one that they couldn 't resist . And then I eliminated the evidence of what I 'd done . You were overwhelmed by feelings you couldn 't begin to understand . You 're not responsible for that . Because of what I did , they 'll be forced to live the rest of their lives in the collective . For that , I am responsible . There 's a difference between surviving and living . They 'll survive in the collective , but they won 't really be alive . You know that better than any of us . There is no alternative . How long would they survive if the Doctor deactivated this ... interlink network you created ? A month at most . A month as an individual or a lifetime as a drone . Which option would you choose ? Survival is insufficient . I beg your pardon ? Eight years ago , I forced them to return to the collective . I won 't make the same mistake again . They deserve to exist as individuals . We must terminate the link between them . I understand that you feel a certain responsibility for these patients . But as their physician , so do I . It 's my duty to preserve their lives for as long as possible , even if that means ... I will not return them to the Borg . Are you thinking of what 's best for them ... or for you ? Clarify . You 've said it yourself . You made a mistake . And Seven of Nine doesn 't like to make mistakes . She strives for perfection . I want you to think about the motivation behind your decision . Are you doing what 's right for those three people ... or are you trying to alleviate the guilt you feel over what happened eight years ago ? The damage I did can never be repaired , and my guilt is irrelevant . I simply want them to experience individuality ... as I have . As you have . At one time , you were confined to this Sick Bay . Your program was limited to emergency medical protocols . In some ways , you were not unlike a drone . But you were granted the opportunity to explore your individuality . You were allowed to expand your program . Your mobile emitter gives you freedom of movement . Your thoughts are your own . If you were told you had to become a drone again , I believe you would resist . Yes , I suppose I would . They would resist as well . They would choose freedom , no matter how fleeting . Only you and I can truly understand that . Survival is insufficient . It 's so ... quiet . I had no idea you were going to say that . I don 't know what either of you is thinking . I 'd forgotten what it was like to be alone with my own thoughts . I 'm leaving . Where will you go ? I want to see the space station . To meet new people . To fill my life ... with life again ... in the time I have left . I 'm leaving as well . There 's an uninhabited planet only a few light - years from here . I 'd like to spend my final days in the open air . My people don 't believe in holding grudges . I wish you well , Seven of Nine . Thank you . It 's nice to be on a Federation starship again . I 'd like to stay aboard Voyager . The Captain said you may stay as long as you wish . You mean as long as I have . I can 't forgive you for what you did to us . But I do understand why you did it . Naomi Wildman . I thought you might like some company . Why ? Because of ... what happened with the drones . I see that word travels quickly . It 's a small ship . I thought maybe you might want to spend some time with ... family .
