 What do you think you 're doing , Doc ? An impromptu auditory exam . Did I pass ? With flying colors , which leads me to believe that you did hear me when I requested you meet me this morning . You 're right . I forgot . I see . I realize your Sick Bay training is purely voluntary , but you haven 't spent any time there in several weeks , and when I ... try to find you , you 're always in the holodeck . Correct me if I 'm wrong , Doc , but we haven 't been treating anything more serious than an ingrown toenail . That 's beside the point . If an emergency were to happen , you must be prepared . You 're too far behind in your medical texts to be wasting your time in the holodeck ! If it 's any consolation , I have spent most of the morning immersed in a complicated surgical procedure . Really ? A classic case of atrophied shocks . They needed to be extracted to prevent chrome abrasion . It was touch and go for a while , but the prognosis is excellent . You 'll be ready for neurosurgery in no time . Take a look at this , Doc . This is a fully stock 1969 Chevy Camaro- - one of the earliest muscle cars ever made . Imagine : Northern California , late 20th century . You 're cruising up Highway 1 . The woofers are pounding . The wind is whipping through your hair . Medieval safety constraints ... internal combustion system producing lethal levels of carbon monoxide . Hmm. I stand corrected . This may be just what you need to get you back to Sick Bay . I guess I should have known this wouldn 't interest you . It 's too much fun . This isn 't about fun , Mr. Paris . Serving in Sick Bay is a privilege . I 'd expect you to realize that . Oh , I do . I 'll be there . Soon . Lieutenant Paris , report to the Bridge immediately . I 'm on my way . Somebody call for a driver ? Take your station , Tom . Anything on scans , Harry ? I 'm picking up another spatial distortion 2 , 000 kilometers away . Source ? I have no idea . It looks like space is folding in on itself . Shields to full . It 's an alien vessel . One occupant aboard . Captain , it looks like that ship is being powered by a coaxial warp drive . Coaxial what ? It 's a hypothetical propulsion system . Starfleet engineers have been dreaming about it for years . In theory , it can literally fold the fabric of space allowing a ship to travel instantaneously across huge distances . The alien warp drive is overloading . In theory , a coaxial drive explosion ... could collapse space within a radius of a billion kilometers . In theory . Well , let 's keep theory from becoming reality . Red Alert . Scan the vessel . Can we beam the pilot out ? Too much interference . That ship 's about had it , Captain . The coaxial core is breaching . We should vacate this area of space at once . We can 't just leave him like this . Try one more hail . Nothing . Maybe he 's ignoring us . Or maybe he 's unconscious . We 've got to do something . Suggestions ? A symmetric warp field . That should contain any instabilities in his space folding core . How can you be sure ? Advanced subspace geometry . It 's the one course at the Academy where l actually paid attention . We 'll tractor him in to kill his momentum and generate a warp field around his ship . His flight path is erratic . We 'd be risking collision . Captain , I can make this work . Do it . Passing through the residual folds in space . Steady . Got him ! I 've extended our warp field around his vessel . His core is powering down . Nice flying , Tom . My pleasure . We 're finally receiving a hail . Open a channel . Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . Do you need medical attention ? I 'm fine , Captain . Unfortunately , my ship is not . If you need to make repairs , we might be able to help . That 's very generous . We 'll beam you aboard in a few minutes . Stand by . Thank you . Tuvok . Energize . Welcome . Captain . I know you put yourselves in danger to rescue me . I want to thank you . I 'm glad we could help . I was so eager to test my new engine , I pushed it beyond its limits . Coaxial warp doesn 't seem to be the smoothest way to travel . It 's a violent procedure , but it allows a ship to travel through space at incredible speeds . Considering the dangers , this method of travel hardly seems logical . That 's probably true , but if I were worrying about danger , I wouldn 't have become a test pilot . Where are you from ? The fourth planet in the Benthan system . That 's about 20 light - years from here . I 'll speak to my engineers about helping you with repairs . Without your coaxial drive , it 's a long way home . Come in . I 'd like to ask you a favor . I need a change of pace . I 'd like to help Steth repair his ship . This isn 't a good time to ask . What do you mean ? I 've been reading a report from the Doctor . You didn 't show up today . Well , I was a little busy this morning ... saving someone 's life , as I recall . is there something wrong , Tom ? Anything bothering you ? Nothing is wrong . Since when is not wanting to spend time with the Doctor a capital offense ? You 'd have to throw the whole crew in the brig for that one . Maybe. I was just wondering if there 's something on your mind . You 're showing up for your duty shifts , you do what 's required , but your heart doesn 't seem to be in it . You seem preoccupied . Like I said , I think I need a change of pace . You 're a different man from the one that came on board four years ago . You 've taken charge of your life , turned yourself around . I 'd hate to see you ruin it . I won 't . With your permission , I 'll report to Sick Bay . Permission denied . Report to Steth 's ship instead . Assist in the repairs . We need our best man on the job . And on my way back , I made the mistake of flying the prototype through restricted Entaban territory . And ? And , uh ... the Entabans weren 't too pleased to see me . I limped back to the engineers on Benthos with phaser holes through their brand - new exatanium fuselage . I think they would have been happier to see phaser holes through me . When I was 16 , I followed an ancient human custom . I took my father 's shuttle out for a joyride and proceeded to fry all the relays . I 'm guessing he wasn 't happy about getting it back . Actually , he didn 't . As far as I know , it 's still at the bottom of Lake Tahoe . Here it is . The coaxial induction drive . It draws in subatomic particles and reconfigures their internal geometries . And this is what makes folding space possible ? At least in spurts . Unfortunately , particle instabilities keep overloading my engines , but I 'm going to make it work . I have to keep in motion . I don 't like the thought of settling down- - too many new ships to drive , too many intriguing women . Yeah. I guess so . When I get this ship back , I 'm going to be doing the first test on a new Mithran - class fighter . I 'm told it 's more advanced than any warship in the Quadrant . Why don 't you come with me ? We 'd have a great time . You can meet up with Voyager afterwards . I - l 'd love to do that . It sounds very exciting ... but I have responsibilities here , people who count on me and B 'Elanna would be furious . B 'Elanna . I have to go . So , you started without me . I finished without you . You 're a little late . Uh , sorry . I was helping Steth repair his ship . How 's it going ? Um ... pretty slow . We 're both stuck on how to prevent the particle overloads in his propulsion system . Have you tried an isokinetic containment field ? Yeah . That 's the first thing we tried . How long do you think these repairs are going to take ? I don 't know . I was just hoping that maybe you could help me recalibrate the plasma manifolds tonight . Uh ... I , uh ... I probably should go help Steth . Tom , is there something wrong ? Why are you interrogating me ? I didn 't think I was . It sounds more like you want me to account for every minute that I 'm not with you . That 's ridiculous . Can 't I have some time to myself ? Can 't I do what I want without having to report every detail of it to you ? Tom , you can do whatever you want . I just wanted to know if there was something wrong . I mean , lately , you 've been canceling dates , you hide out for hours in the holodeck ... I am not hiding anything . That is ridiculous . is it ? You haven 't even told me what holodeck program this is that has you so fascinated . " The Dancing Girls of Ninipia Prime . " It 's very entertaining . Very funny . You 're overreacting . I am not overreacting . There is obviously something going on and you 're refusing to admit it . Good evening , Lieutenants . I see you don 't have your dinner yet , Tom . Can I get you something ? - l 'm really not hungry . - Excuse me . Are you going to talk to me about this ? Because if you 're not , I don 't want to sit here anymore . If you can carry on an adult conversation without all the histrionics ... Good night , Tom . Computer , run a DNA stability analysis . How long before my genome reverts to its previous form ? Time to reversion : Three hours , 13 minutes . Complete genome recovery is imminent . So I was lying in bed last night when it hit me . What you need is a carburetor . A carburetor ? Yes. lt 's a device that 's hundreds of years old . I can 't believe I didn 't think of it yesterday . Wait . Hundreds of years old ? Surely that couldn 't be of any use to us now . It all goes back to basics . You would be surprised at how often I find solutions to 24th century problems in 20th century technology . Computer , access Paris program Alpha 1 : " Grease Monkey . " Grease monkey ? Mechanic lingo . A car 's engine can 't run on pure fuel , so the carburetor supplies it with a mixture of vaporized fuel and air . And you think we need a device like that to dilute the particle stream as it enters the coaxial drive . Exactly , and a spare polaric modulator from Voyager 's impulse drive should do the trick . Subatomic dilution ! Oh ! It never would have occurred to me . I think you 've solved it . Well , we can run a few simulations on the holodeck before we actually try it . Oh ... I owe you a lot . Well , you can thank my lucky toolbox . It 's gotten me out of hot water more than once . Mmm . You 're lucky to be stationed on a ship like this . Replicators to feed and clothe you holotechnology to cater to every whim , hallways filled with women . Yeah . It 's great . Well , you don 't sound convinced . Aren 't you happy here ? Of course I 'm happy . I 'm very happy . I mean ... I pilot one of the most advanced ships in Starfleet . I have a beautiful girlfriend . I 'm respected . I have everything that I 've ever wanted . You 're lucky . You 're part of a family , part of a structure . You have rules to guide you . You don 't have to worry about making a lot of choices . I usually go to bed at night not knowing what the next day has in store ... what trouble I might get into . You don 't have to worry about those things . You 're very settled . I remember those days . I used to be a lot like you- - going anywhere ... doing whatever I wanted ... making my own rules . Well , then there 's hope for me yet . Maybe someday I 'll settle down , too , but ... for now ... I prefer to stay on the move . Sometimes ... I wish that 's what I was doing . Things 'll turn around for you . I 've always found that change is inevitable . It comes when you least expect it . Yeah , I suppose . Now , are we ready to try this carburetor idea on my ship ? Just give me five more minutes to finish up here and I 'll be right with you . Five minutes . And , Tom ... don 't dismiss the suggestion I made ... about coming with me to fly the new ship . It might be fun to escape the shackles for a while . Hmm . Computer , access all files pertaining to Lieutenant Tom Paris . Download into Memory Core Alpha . Please enter authorization code . Access granted . Commencing download . Hello . I 'm Steth ... a guest of your Captain . I have been apprised of your presence on Voyager . You are not authorized to access the ship 's computers . You must be Seven of Nine . That is correct . Tom mentioned you . He thinks you 're extremely intelligent . Lieutenant Paris ' opinion of me is irrelevant to your being in this room . Well , uh ... Tom felt we needed some files for polaric modulators , but he was called away before we could access them . I thought I 'd find them myself and help out . You were mistaken . He must be present to download these files . Oh , I 'm about to meet him at the holodeck . We can find the files there . Voyager 's hierarchy is complex . See that you familiarize yourself with it . Good advice . I 'll do that . Captain 's Log , Stardate 517 62 . 4 . The repairs to Steth 's coaxial drive have been completed well ahead of schedule . Everything here looks good . Just give me one more second to check the flow - field parameters . Go ahead . It 's my box wrench . I 've been looking all over for this . I know. I should 've asked you , Tom , but I needed it for an experiment . To , uh ... check your new carburetor ? Not quite . You 're the first humans I 've met and that wrench had enough cellular residue on it for me to check your DNA . I have good news . We 're compatible . Consider this a favor . I know how unhappy you 've been with this dreary , settled life , so I 'm taking it off your hands . I 'm betting there 's still some fun to be had here . Voyager is a great ship , Tom . I 'll take good care of it . Sorry I 'm late . We were beginning to wonder if you were ever coming back . His ship is powering engines . Something wrong , Tom ? It 's nothing . I 'm just really going to miss that guy . Mind if I join you ? Not at all ... Commander . " Chakotay " will do , Tom . You don 't have to carry this " rules " thing too far . I 've been discussing your engineering report with the Captain . She was wondering if we could implement some of Steth 's technology here on Voyager . Really ? We thought maybe you could start on a shuttle . Do you think you can do it ? I 'm sure I can . Great . You can start right after you finish with the Doctor . The Doctor ? He needs your help in Sick Bay . I told him you 'd be there . Of course . Lieutenant . Hi . I know you 've been avoiding the Doctor , but don 't tell me you 've forgotten where Sick Bay is . Oh ... not yet . I was just trying to figure out if there 's a more efficient route between Sick Bay and my quarters . I didn 't realize you were that eager to get there . So tell me- - are they ready yet ? Uh ... not yet . But they will be soon . Great . Hey , let me know if you have any problems . Polyduranide can be tough to replicate . Oh , it sure can be . I can 't wait to get my hands around one of those clubs . Ensign Kaplan won 't know what hit her . What ? We 're going to play golf with her . We scheduled a rematch , remember ? Oh , of course . I can 't wait . Have you been working on your putting ? You missed both those two - footers last time . I won 't let it happen again . All right . Give the Doc my best . I will ... if I ever find him . You 're early , Mr. Paris . I see some good came from my report to Commander Chakotay . Let 's put these extra few minutes to good use . Begin with a thorough bio - bed diagnostic . I want you to recalibrate each physiosensor , making sure to enter every metabolic referent precisely . Okay . When you 're through with that , run a protein structure analysis and then continue your review of the 37 steps of a cardiopulmonary reconstruction procedure . I 'll leave you to your bio - beds . Did you forget to disengage the scan emitters ? Sorry . Mr. Paris ! I don 't know what 's wrong . I realize it 's complicated , but you must try again . Actually , I 'm not feeling so well . How fortunate you 're already in Sick Bay . I 'll run a few scans . Uh , no , no , Doc . That 's all right . To be perfectly honest with you , uh ... this is so frustrating for me . I usually pick things up a lot faster than this . You 're here to learn , Mr. Paris . It will get easier with time . Well , that 's easy for you to say . Excuse me ? Well , no offense , Doctor , but ... you were programmed to be a medical genius . Things always come easy to you . Me , I 'm just a pilot , a ... grease monkey . And as hard as I might try to become a better assistant to you , it 's clear to me now that I 'll never be half the healer that you are . Do you mean to tell me you 've been trying to live up to my standards ? I 'm afraid I have . It all makes sense now . The misplaced aggression , the shirking of responsibilities ... all classic signs of an inferiority complex . I had no idea my superior abilities were affecting your psyche so strongly . Take the rest of the day off . Reflect on your strengths . Realize your worth . I 'll do that , Doctor . Thank you . B 'Elanna . What do you think you 're doing ? Putting . In my quarters ? I can 't putt in your quarters ? No . Since when ? Tom ... what is this ? That is ... a sand wedge . It 's used for getting out of traps . Why is it here ? I replicated it for you . I thought we could play a little game of golf on the holodeck before dinner . So this is your idea of an adult conversation ? I don 't know what you are trying to accomplish with this little stunt , but let me assure you , it is not working . I am sorry if you are bored because Steth is gone , but that doesn 't mean that you can just walk in here and pretend like you haven 't been shutting me out . You 're being a little hard on Steth . If it wasn 't for him , I wouldn 't be here right now . Really ? I mentioned to him that we were having some problems and he urged me to ... come and talk to you , to try to work things out , to admit I was wrong . I made a mistake , B 'Elanna , and I 'm sorry . I won 't shut you out anymore . In fact , I went to the Doctor and begged to be excused from my duties . I realize it 's only a few extra hours , but they 're hours I want to spend with you . Steth ... turned out to be a positive influence on you . Computer , where ... Com - Computer , where are we ? Navigation matrix 17 1 1 , the Kotaba Expanse . Coaxial leap complete . How far are we from Voyager ? Computer , lock in Voyager 's last known coordinates and activate differential induction drive . Unable to execute command . Why not ? The differential induction drive has been secured . A security access code is required to implement the coaxial leap . This is Commander Avik of the Benthan Guard . We 're taking you into custody . Prepare to surrender the vessel to us at once . Benthan ? I need a second to explain , Commander . I 'm not who you think ... We do not negotiate with thieves . No ... you don 't understand ! I - l need this ship to get back to Voyager . Surrender the vessel peacefully or we will use force . Why is everybody trying to shoot me today ? You know what I 'm here for . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Who are you ? I 'm Steth . What ? Look at me . You did wear this body for nearly a year before you switched it with mine . That 's my body you 're in now . I want it back . Bear with me for ... for a second . We have more in common than you might think . This better be good , Tom . I left Vorik right in the middle of an EPS recalibration . You can thank me later . So what 's my big surprise ? What would you say to 24 glorious hours on the famed fourth planet of the Kendren System ? You mean the planet where Neelix is gathering food samples ? Mm - hmm. I ran a few scans and found the most incredible beach on one of the smaller continents . I replicated a picnic lunch for us . Voyager isn 't leaving orbit until tomorrow . We 'd have an entire day . Only a day ? Oh , I think that we would need at least a week . Oh , I wish we could , but we 've only got a day . You 're serious , aren 't you ? Completely . Do you know how much trouble we would be in ? What could Janeway do , execute us ? Tom , I am swamped . I can 't get away for an hour , let alone 24 . B 'Elanna ... I have responsibilities here . We both do . Responsibilities ? I don 't care ! Tom , you 're hurting me . You 're a real disappointment to me . Do you know that ? I don 't know what I ever saw in you . Seven . What brings you here at this hour ? We were supposed to meet in the shuttle bay at 2100 hours . Did you forget ? I did . I got so caught up with my reading , I guess it slipped my mind . Sorry . The capillaries in your eyes are swollen , Lieutenant , and I see signs of vascular congestion in your cheeks . Are you intoxicated ? No , not at all . I was just exploring the replicator- - trying some alien beverages . Only a few were alcoholic . You are not officially off duty for another 78 minutes . I 'm on break . Would you like to join me ? I could replicate another Trakian ale for you . That will not be necessary . Oh , relax , Seven . You 're not on the Borg cube anymore . We could finish our work on the shuttle tomorrow . That would be an inefficient use of our time . I will complete the work myself . Fine . Before I leave , I would like to know why you were reading the Captain 's personal logs . I wasn 't . I saw the padd . It was unmistakably the Captain 's logs . You 're wrong . You 're ... confused . You couldn 't possibly have seen anything . You know I possess an eidetic memory . I require only seconds to commit what I see to memory . Would you like me to quote the passage you were reading ? I 'm warning you- - stay out of my way ! Don 't interfere in things that don 't concern you . If you bother me again , I will make things very unpleasant for you . Remove your hand from my arm . Don 't be foolish . You 'll regret it . Enter . You wanted to see me , Captain . Yes . I received a rather disturbing report from Seven of Nine regarding your conduct last night . She claims you were drinking on duty . She 's mistaken , Captain . Don 't lie to me , Tom . I checked the computers . You replicated five alcoholic beverages in the Mess Hall . She also said you threatened her . I 'm sorry , Captain . B 'Elanna and I had an argument . I was upset . And is that why you were reading my personal logs ? I wasn 't . Seven recited a passage I 'd written word for word . She probably accessed those files herself . Captain , you can 't take the word of a Borg over mine . This has to stop , Tom . Your conduct lately has been bizarre and I 've heard far too many complaints from far too many people to dismiss it- - Chakotay , the Doctor , Seven of Nine . They 're all worried about you , and so am I . You 're right , Captain . I need some rest . I 'll go right to my quarters . Tom ... as your Captain and as your friend ... I want you to report to Sick Bay for some tests . We have to find out if there 's something physical that 's causing this behavior . This is crazy . I don 't need any help . That 's an order . Security , I need you in the ready room now ! Are you hurt , Captain ? No . Take him to Sick Bay . Keep security with him . The coaxial drive will be on line in a few minutes . Good. I 've just about overridden all the lockout commands . No offense , but I 'd like to get out of your body as soon as possible . The alien seems capable of some sort of selective DNA exchange . He absorbs new DNA while depositing his current genetic material into his victims . Let 's hope he can reverse that process . That 's the last lockout command . We 're set for coaxial warp . Let 's find Voyager . Captain 's Log , supplemental . The Doctor has treated Mr. Paris ' phaser wounds , but has been unable to wake him . The motive for his attack remains a mystery . Neurological scans yielded very little , but I did find something very interesting in his blood analysis . There are traces of a second DNA pattern in his nucleotide structure . Possibly the result of a genetic virus . Could this be the cause of his recent behavior ? I don 't know , but I 'm running more scans to see how this might have affected his neurological functions . Captain , a vessel just emerged from coaxial space off our starboard bow . Keep me informed , Doctor . Hail them . Captain Janeway . Welcome back , Mr. Steth . I know this sounds crazy , Captain , but I 'm not Steth . I 'm Tom Paris . I beg your pardon . We 're dealing with an alien who 's some sort of identity thief . He traded places with me . Please beam us aboard . Maintain your position while we consider your request . End transmission . Hold him in a tractor beam until you hear from me . Aye , Captain . I have a feeling Steth and his new friend are behind whatever 's happened to Tom . Captain ? No time to explain . I 'll be in Sick Bay . Captain ? Commander , I 'm reading an unauthorized shuttle launch . It 's the Captain . She 's in the shuttle Tom 's been working on . Try hailing her . She 's not responding . Hail Steth 's ship . Look , I don 't know who you are , but I want to know what 's happening here . Who 's on that shuttle ? Captain Janeway . No. I 'm betting the alien switched my body ... Tom 's body for hers . You 've got to let us out of this tractor beam . We can catch her with this ship . Chakotay ... it 's me . How do I know that ? The other day in your office , you told me I 'd turned my life around . Well , give me the chance to prove it . Let me go after the shuttle . It is the only way we can get everybody back into the right body . Harry ... disengage the tractor beam . 20 , 000 kilometers and closing . Has he detected us yet ? I 'd say he has . Gentlemen , I 'd advise you to reconsider this pursuit . Killing me will only keep you trapped in those bodies . He 's right . We can 't risk killing him . Yeah , but nothing 's keeping him from killing us . Damn ! The ship 's not nearly as maneuverable as a shuttle . Shields are down . I 'm surprised you 're so eager to reclaim your life on Voyager , Tom . I was just as disappointed with it as you were . Then I guess we were both wrong . It 's time to move on again . Oh , Tom ... be sure to send my best regards to B 'Elanna . Hmm ? He 's charging the coaxial drive . Set the sensors to track him . I can 't . He 's blocking us . We won 't be able to follow him once he goes into coaxial warp . We 're losing him ! The carburetor ! We added a polaric modulator to the coaxial drive . If I can target the modulator , hit it with a chromoelectric pulse , that 'll disrupt his engines . Here goes . I hope you still have my box wrench . Faulty carburetors can be a pain to fix . Captain 's Log , Stardate 5177 5 . 2 . While the alien intruder remains trapped in the body of his last victim , the Doctor has found a way to return Tom , Steth and me to our own bodies . Doctor , I can 't thank you enough . You 've given me my life back . All in a day 's work . There were times when I thought I would be stuck in that body forever . And believe me , I 'm just as happy to be back to the old Tom Paris . What do you plan to do now ? I 'm going to take her back to Bentha . I hope to find the person who belongs to that body . But who knows if that 's the end of it ? We have no idea how long she or he has been switching identities . It may take a while ... but I will do whatever I can to find everyone you 've violated . A security team will escort her to your ship and erect a force field to contain her . So this is where you 've been hiding ? A garage ? It 's more than just a garage . This is a monument to hundreds and hundreds of hours ... that I probably should have spent with you . Probably ? Definitely . It 's a lovely garage , Tom , but I still don 't understand why you brought me here . Well , consider it a symbolic gesture . It 's my less - than - subtle attempt to ... let you in . I see . To make it clear that I mean almost as much to you as a ... a cam - a - ro . It 's a mint condition 1969 ... ca - mare - oh . And , yes ... you mean a lot more to me .
