 Ooh ! Uh , Captain , do you have a minute ? Just about a minute . I 'm on my way to the shuttle bay . I thought last night went well , didn 't you ? extremely well . Everyone had a Iot of fun . I was thinking of making it a regular feature- - say , uh , once a month ? It 's certainly worth a try . And , Captain , you were especially good last night . Thanks , NeeIix . It 's been a while . You 'd never know . Uh , Captain , um , do you think , I mean , uh , I-I-I-I was wondering ... What is it , NeeIix ? could you possibly keep Mr. Tuvok busy on the Bridge that evening ? I 'm sure something could be arranged . Our secret , NeeIix . We never had this discussion . Harry 's clarinet solo was okay . I couId have done without Tuvok 's reading of vulcan poetry , but the highlight of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying " The Dying Swan . " I Iearned that dance when I was six years old . I assure you , it was the hit of the beginning ballet class . I don 't doubt it . If NeeIix has another talent night , I hope you reprise it . Oh , no . Not until certain other people take their turn- - the ship 's First Officer , for instance . Me ? Get up in front of people and perform ? I don 't think so . Come on , Chakotay , there must be some talent you have that people would enjoy . Maybe I couId stand with an apple on my head and you could phaser it off . Sounds great . If I miss , I get to be Captain . Atmospheric turbuIence- - we might be in for a rough landing . Funny , a minute ago , there wasn 't any indication of rough weather . I 'm reading even more severe storms near the surface . Ion lightning . Maybe we better try the fifth planet instead . Come back here when things have cleared up . I think we took a lightning hit . Attitude control is out . I 'm switching to manual . The navigational system 's down . Reverse engines ! full thrusters ! Warning . Hydrazine gas leak . altitude , 12 kilometers . hull temperature , 4,000 degrees . We have to reduce speed . I 'II try the emergency antigrav thrusters . Kathryn ! Kathryn ! Kathryn ! Kathryn ! No ! Warning . Hydrazine gas levels at 1 12 parts per million . Begin evacuation procedures . Hang on , Kathryn . Breathe , damn it . Breathe . Don 't you die on me now . Come on , Kathryn- - breathe ! Listen to me , Kathryn . You 've got to breathe . Breathe ! Breathe ! Come on . Come on ! Yes . Chakotay ... Oh ... Don 't ever do that to me again . Thanks . You went into shock . You gave me quite a scare there for a minute . This should help reduce your cranial swelling . You should have a headache for awhile . I 'II live with it . We need to set up a homing signal . Hey , take it easy . Oh ... I 'm all right . Chakotay , we 're going to need the blankets and the rations . I can get them . You set up the homing signal . Here . At least the storm seems to be dying . Hmm . What were you looking at ? There are phaser burns on the hull . I don 't think it was lightning strikes that hit us . I think we were shot down . By whom ? I don 't know . I 'm going back to see if I can get an energy signature from the burns . Chakotay , the homing signaI- - we might be telling someone just where to find us . Disconnect it while I scan the shuttle . Oh ... Can you tell anything ? The signatures are Vidiian . Vidiian ? I thought we 'd moved beyond their space . If they shot us down , you can be sure they 'II be coming for us . We need to find a hiding place . What is it ? Life-forms . 50 meters from here . They 're coming this way . Let 's go . There 's another group in this direction . We 're surrounded . Let 's take cover . We 'II have to fight . Back off now . We 'II fire if we have to . Back off ! Chakotay ! Harry 's clarinet solo was okay . I couId have done without Tuvok 's reading of vulcan poetry , but the highlight of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying " The Dying Swan . " I Iearned that dance when I was six years old . I assure you ... Wait a minute . What 's happening here ? You 're right . We have been here before . Do you remember Vidiians ? Yes . They shot us down and attacked us . We may have wandered into some kind of repeating time loop . I 'm going to scan for temporal anomalies . Whatever 's going on , Iet 's change tactics this time . Let 's not try to land on that planet . Agreed . I don 't see any evidence of temporal flux or any kind of anomaly , for that matter . Or of Vidiian ships . So far , so good . Chakotay to Voyager Chakotay to Voyager Do you read us ? We 're out of range . I 'd still like to figure out what happened to us . Send a subspace message that we won 't be landing on the planet . tell them that we 'II be looking for evidence of temporal anomalies . I see a ship approaching at high impulse . It 's on an intercept course . Is it Vidiian ? Yes . I 've got it . It 's a warship loaded with weaponry . It 's closing fast . Can we outrun it ? We can try . They 're 200,000 kilometers away and gaining . Setting evasive pattern delta four . They 're powering weapons . shields up . Stand by all phaser arrays . shields down to 84 percent . Returning fire . - Nice aim . - It didn 't stop them . We 've lost shields . Firing starboard array . That one hit the reactant injectors . Shut them down . They 'II leak antimatter . The magnetic fields are falling . The gas-fIow separators are down . Dump the core . It 's looking more and more like we 're in a time loop . The question is : How do we break it ? Let 's retrace our steps- - get back to the part of space we were in before all this started happening . Agreed . If we 're experiencing a temporal field , a tachyon burst might disperse it . Chakotay . Let me guess- - it 's a Vidiian ship . Two Vidiian ships . still 20 million kilometers away , but headed right for us . Sacajawea to Voyager Do you read us ? You 've just come into com range , Commander . We 're being pursued by two Vidiian ships . Set a course for our shuttle and have weapons powered . We also believe we 're experiencing some kind of temporal phenomenon , a time loop . Make certain you scan for anomalies . Aye , Captain . We 're on our way . If you 're going to emit that tachyon burst , you 'd better do it now . In a couple of minutes , those ships 'II be right on top of us . Here goes . I can 't tell if it 's affecting anything . The Vidiians are almost within range . Ready weapons . What happened ? They just vanished . But I 'm picking up a residual temporal signature . Then those ships must 've been part of the time loop . And the tachyon burst disrupted it . And not a minute too soon . I was getting awfully tired of talking about talent night . Voyager to Sacajawea We will rendezvous with you in approximately four minutes . believe me , Tuvok , we 're looking forward to it . Good to have you back , Captain . Good to be here . I 'd still like to get to the bottom of whatever was happening to us in that shuttle . Did Voyager detect any evidence of a temporal field ? To my knowledge , we did not . Let 's run a second level temporal scan . I 'd feel better entering this part of space if I knew what caused the phenomenon . Phenomenon ? I 'm not sure what you mean , Captain . The time loop , or whatever it was we ran into out there . Time loop ? We told you . Chakotay and I experienced some kind of temporal loop . It involved the Vidiians . They 'd attack and kill us and then we 'd be sitting in the shuttle again . tell them . We were on our way to the second planet of a binary system ... To collect some nitrogenase compound , but we encountered a storm and we crashed . And then we were attacked by the Vidiians , but we managed to escape and get back here . You and the Commander were checked by the Doctor who treated your injuries and you proceeded here to the Bridge . But I don 't remember anything about a repeating time loop . You don 't remember how we kept ending up back in the shuttle talking about talent night ? Then I 'm the only one who recalls things differently . Something strange is going on here . I 'II have the Doctor examine me . In the meantime , I still want those temporal scans . You heard the Captain . Let 's get moving . I ran a micro-ceIIuIar scan after you returned to the ship . I have just analyzed the results . What did you find ? You have contracted a disease . The Vidiian phage . The phage . What about Chakotay ? Is he infected , too ? No , Commander Chakotay shows no signs of the disease . How did I get it ? You said one of the Vidiians grabbed you . It may be that the virus was transferred in that way . But we 've encountered Vidiians like that before and had physical contact with them . No one 's ever gotten sick that way . I can 't offer an explanation at this point . It may be that the phage virus has mutated to become more infectious . I believe , however , this explains the hallucinations you 've described . There is often concomitant stress to the thalamus in the early stages of the disease . It is known to cause a kind of dementia that produces hallucinations . What 's the prognosis ? I wish I couId tell you , Captain . For the moment , it wouId be best if you remain in Sick Bay under quarantine . Of course . The fact that the virus has acted so quickly raises the possibility that others on the crew may be infected . But you studied the phage in great detail . Have you made any progress in finding a cure ? I hadn 't pursued the matter since we seemed to have moved beyond Vidiian space , but I 'II now redouble my efforts . In the meantime , I 'd Iike to give you a sedative . Captain ? I 'II be running a series of deep-IeveI tissue scans . I understand . There . That should give you a good night 's sleep . I 'II erect a bio-force field and I promise you , Captain , I won 't deactivate myself until I have some answers for you . Doctor ? I know I 'm in good hands . Doctor ? Ah . You 're awake . How long have I been asleep ? almost 40 hours . Forty ? I 'm afraid this strain of the phage is particularly virulent . It 's spreading rapidly . Have you ... ? Is there any hope of a cure ? I regret to inform you that I have been unsuccessful . Then what 's the next step ? I 've given that a great deal of thought . The prospects are unpleasant , Captain . You face a lingering , painful death marked by increasing periods of dementia and eventual insanity . I see . I 've come to the conclusion that there 's only one humane course of action . What 's that ? Euthanasia . What ? It would be wrong to subject you to such a prolonged and painful death . The crew would also be adversely affected if that were to happen . well , surely , there are other options to explore , Doctor . B 'EIanna 's DNA , for instance . It 's coded to produce antibodies against the phage . KIingon DNA might provide a vaccine for the disease , but not a cure . I 'm sorry , Captain . The space within the force field is filling with a neural toxin . It is fast-acting and merciful . Turn it off . That 's an order , Doctor ! please relax and take deep breaths . It will be over more quickly that way . Computer , delete Emergency medical hologram . A security code is required for that command . Security code : Janeway-Iambda-three . That code is not recognized . I 'm the Captain . delete the EMH . A security code is required for that command . Don 't do this . It isn 't right . Chakotay . I know . We 're back . That 's it . That must be the anomaly . That 's what 's behind all this . It 's exerting a gravitomagnetic force . We 've got to get away from it . Divert all power to the engines . Changing course . We 're still being drawn toward it . Reverse engines . full power . structural integrity is weakening . Reinforce the hull . Captain , maybe we should go in . - No . - Listen to me . Maybe we 're doing this all wrong . Maybe the thing to do is fly into it . No , I don 't believe that . We 've got to get away . It 's going to tear the shuttle apart . The hull is breaching . Don 't you die on me , Kathryn . Chakotay , what 's happening ? Start breathing ! Breathe , damn it . Breathe ! Don 't do this to me , Kathryn . Come on , Kathryn- - breathe ! Can 't you hear me ? Don 't you die on me . Come on , breathe . Kathryn , listen to me . You have to breathe . Start breathing ! Come on ! Come on ! No , Kathryn ! You can 't die . Chakotay , I 'm here . Voyager to Sacajawea Do you read us ? Yes , Voyager How far are you ? I have an emergency here . We 're in orbit , Commander . We 've located you , but transporters won 't function in the storm . A shuttle is on its way to the surface now . The Captain 's dead . We have to get her back to Sick Bay . The Doctor may still be able to revive her . The away team should be with you in minutes . acknowledged . I know you can 't see me or hear me . I don 't know what 's going on . But I am here , Chakotay . I 'm not dead . Kathryn , we 're going to get you back . Ten milligrams cordrazine . We 'II use it in conjunction with the cortical stimulator . Now . No pulse , no blood pressure . Minimum electrical activity in the mid-brain . No measurable response in the cerebral cortex . Again . Doctor , we 're getting a thready pulse . quickly . 7 5 milligrams inaprovaIine . I 'II begin direct synaptic stimulation . pulse is weakening . We 're losing her again . cortical stimulator . Now . No vital signs , no brain activity . Again ! No change . - Again . - Doctor ... Don 't question me . Again . Make a note in the log . Death occurred at 0320 hours . Cause- - massive cerebrovascular collapse . Computer ... confirm Janeway voice pattern . Kes , you 're a telepath . You 've been able to sense things others can 't . Kes , can you sense me ? Kes ... please go to the science lab and prepare the autopsy protocols . I 'm here , Kes . I 'm staying with you until you realize it . Captain ? Did you feel that , Kes ? It was me . Kes to Commander Chakotay . I need to talk to you right away . Maybe it was nothing , but I had the strongest feeling that the Captain was there in the corridor with me . It is possible that in your distress over the Captain 's death , you imagined that you were aware of her . It was more than that , I 'm sure of it . In the past , Kes has shown an ability to detect an unseen presence . I think we have to take her seriously . The Captain 's consciousness might have phase-shifted out of our reality . She could be in some kind of alternate dimension in subspace . We have to find her somehow . Harry and I can run a full subspace sweep . See if we can come up with anything . Get on it . It 's your top priority . NeeIix , help the crew with this . Keep their morale up until we can get some answers . Yes , sir . Right away . Commander , I suggest I work with Kes . I may be able to help her increase the range of her perceptions . Good idea . Tom , we 'II take duty stations . That 's more like it . I 've reconfigured the lateral sensor array to scan subspace . Don 't forget to run a magneton sweep . The forward array is ready to scan for temporal phase shifting- - chroniton particles or field flux . I 'm going to activate the magneton scanner . It might pick up an anomalous presence . Now what ? Daddy ? Who are you ? Are you responsible for what 's going on here ? You know who I am , Kathryn . My father died over 15 years ago . Yes . Drowned under the polar ice cap on Tau Ceti Prime . It was devastating to you . You may be an hallucination or some kind of projection of my own imagination , but you are not my father . Kathryn , Kathryn . I raised you to be a doubter and a skeptic , to look at the world with a scientist 's eye , but in this instance , that won 't work . Why not ? If you know what 's going on here , tell me . Isn 't it clear ? You 're dead . You died in that shuttle crash . No , no , no . That 's not possible . I understand your confusion- - your refusal to accept what 's happened . I went through the same thing after my accident . What do you mean ? I went back to you and your mother and your sister after I died for a Iong time , until I realized it was futile . That 's what happens when death is unexpected . One 's consciousness isn 't prepared to let go . " Consciousness " ? Is that what you 're calling me- - " Kathryn 's consciousness " ? For want of a better word . Some say " ghost " or " spirit . " We all heard the stories and thought they were the product of vivid imaginations or seIf-induced hysteria . I 'II admit , I was surprised when I found they were true . If you stayed with me after you died , you should be able to tell me what happened then . You were so grief stricken , you fell into a terrible depression . You spent months in bed sleeping away your days , rather than confronting your feelings . I 'm not sure what would have happened if your sister hadn 't forced you into the real world again . If you are an hallucination , a part of me , you 'd know those things . Kathryn , remember- - several times after I died , you woke up thinking I was in the room with you . You told your sister it felt absolutely real . That 's because it was real . I was there trying to convince you to get on with your life . Just for the sake of argument , Iet 's say you 're right . What 's next ? That 's up to you . eventually , you will cross over . The only question is how long it will take you to give up this world . Cross over to where ? I don 't know what to call it . Another state of consciousness ... unlike anything we ever could have imagined in life . It 's not a frightening place , Kathryn . It 's full of joy and indescribable wonder . Kes sensed I was here . They 're looking for me . people have felt the presence of ghosts throughout the ages , but the technology to find them still hasn 't been invented . They won 't give up easily . But they will give up eventually . They 'II accept what 's happened and that 's what you have to do . Kes did it once . She can do it again . I 'm going to help her . If that 's what you feel you need to do , I understand . Let us try one more time . Open yourself to the impressions around you , the thoughts , the minds that are on this ship . AII the minds that are on this ship . I hear them . So many voices . They are a turbulent storm and you are the one who must rise above the tempest to a place that is quiet . It 's difficult . You must lift yourself from the confusion of the storm . Soar into the quiet space among the stars where everything is still . Yes , I 'm in that place now . Is there a voice that you can hear- - a single voice isolated in the stillness ? Kes , I 'm here . Focus on me , on my voice . There are only two beings in the void- - you and Captain Janeway . Nothing else exists that can interfere . Can you hear her voice , however faintly ? I 'm trying . Is there anything , any presence in the void with you ? I don 't think so . I can 't hear anything . Kes , keep trying . You have to find me . Now , I am with you , moving through the quiet space , my thoughts joined with yours , extending the range of the search . Tuvok , surely you must know I 'm here . We 've shared so much . I 'm just not getting anything . Nor am I. I felt empty ... alone . Maybe you 're right . What I sensed wasn 't the Captain . It was me wanting to believe she wasn 't dead . We 've been trying for three days without success , nor have Lieutenant Torres and Ensign Kim found any indication that the Captain is alive . There is a point at which we must accept the inevitability of her death . Thank you for helping . I don 't think I would have accepted it if you hadn 't at Ieast tried . Good night . tactical Officer 's Log , supplemental . My attempt to help Kes detect the Captain 's presence has ended in failure . I am forced to conclude that we have , in fact , lost Kathryn Janeway . I would Iike the record to show that I have lost a good friend as well , one whom I can never replace . Oh , Tuvok . They all love you , Kathryn . It 's going to be hard for them . This can 't be happening . I don 't believe it . Because you don 't want to . Tomorrow , it will become easier . My memorial service . When I came to this ship , I resented the fact that Captain Janeway was responsible for our being stranded here in the delta Quadrant . I didn 't think that she made the right decision and I certainly didn 't want to serve under her command . In the beginning , I fought her . Even when she made me Chief Engineer , I ... I didn 't trust her reasons . I kept looking for a hidden agenda . I actually believed that she 'd set me up to fall . well , I couldn 't have been more wrong . She saw ... she saw something in me that I didn 't see . She saw a worthwhile person where I saw a lost and hostile misfit , and because she had faith in me , I began to have faith in myself and when she died , the first thing I thought was that I couldn 't do this without her , that I needed her too badIy- - her strength and her compassion , but then I realized that the gift that she gave me- - and gave a Iot of us here- - was the knowledge that we are better and stronger than we think . I wish I had said these things to her . I wish I had taken the time . would anyone else like to say something ? I would , sir . I know Captain Janeway wouldn 't want us to be sitting around moping . She 'd want us to be cheering each other up , remembering the good times , Iike the away mission when we found all those bushes of overripe fruit . I must have eaten half a kilo . My hands and mouth were all purple and the Captain ... the Captain came and sat down next to me , and her mouth was all stained , too . She put her arm around my shoulder ... and she said ... she said ... " Ensign , these are the times we have to remember . " It ... it 's ... Sorry . I know this hasn 't been easy , but I think we 'II all be better for it . We will honor the Captain one last time . release the pod . Ensign Kim was right when he said the Captain wouldn 't want us to be sad . NeeIix has prepared some food and it wouId be nice if we could all get together and share the good times we had with Captain Janeway . It 's over , Kathryn . There 's nothing left for you here . Come with me . What do I do to leave here ? Just decide . The only thing that keeps you is your refusal to leave . You may be right in everything you 've said to me , but I 'm not ready to accept it . I 'm not ready to go . My poor little bird . You always made it hard for yourself . If there was a rocky path and a smooth one , you chose the rocky one every time . If I stay , maybe it 'II be easier for them . Maybe I couId be comforting somehow . You 're saying all the things I told myself when I refused to leave you . I was hoping you wouldn 't have to go through that . It 's a horrible existence , Kathryn . As time wears on , you begin to see how potent , how destructive loneliness is . You 'II see the people you love going on with their lives , doing all the things you used to share with them , but you won 't be a part of it anymore . You 'II be forever shut out of their existence . It becomes agonizing . I don 't want that to happen to you . Maybe that 's what it 'II take for me to make this decision . I just know that now I 'm not ready . What can I do to convince you ? Nothing . I can 't- - I won 't- - abandon them . We 're too much a part of each other . Can 't you see that ? We 've been through so much together . I have to know what 's going to happen to them- - to see Kes continue to grow and learn ... to know if Tom and B 'EIanna will ever stop sparring with each other and develop a real friendship . You can only be an observer of their lives , never a participant . I don 't care . I 'd rather be here in spirit than not at all . A Captain doesn 't abandon ship . Every hour you stay here , makes it that much more difficult to leave . Why are you pushing me ? I 've made up my mind . I 'm staying here . The cortical stimulator is working . I 'm getting a weak pulse . She 's coming back . I 'II use cordrazine along with the stimulator . What was that ? What happened ? What do you mean ? I saw Tuvok and Chakotay and the Doctor . Here ? No , it was different . As though ... as though I were looking up at them . An hallucination , Iike the others . It didn 't feel like the others . I didn 't see myself . I was looking up at them . That 's the real me , isn 't it ? Lying on the ground on that planet dying . And this is the hallucination . This isn 't real . More denial . You 're only making it harder on yourself . You 're trying very hard to convince me to come with you . Why is that ? If what you 're saying is true , why not let me come to the decision on my own ? I 'm trying to spare you unnecessary pain . My father would never act like this . He always believed I had to Iearn my own lessons , make my own mistakes . He never tried to shield me from life . Why would he try to shield me from death ? You 're not my father . I couId be imagining you , but I don 't think so . You have such a specific agenda . You 're determined that I go with you somewhere . Who are you ? I 'm trying to help you . Stop fighting me . Are you an alien being of some kind ? Is that it ? Her eyes are open . vital signs are responding . blood pressure is 60 / 30 . But the entity is still inhabiting her cerebral cortex , impeding your treatment . Kathryn , hang on . We 're bringing you back . Just fight a little longer . Direct synaptic stimulation might drive out the alien presence . I was right . I heard Tuvok and Chakotay and the Doctor . You 're an alien . You 've created all these hallucinations , haven 't you ? This is what my species does . At the moment just before death , one of us comes to help you understand what 's happening ... to make the crossing over an occasion of joy . And what is that ? Our matrix- - where your consciousness will live . I was being truthful when I said it was a place of wonder . It can be whatever you want it to be . Then why didn 't you tell me this from the beginning ? Why pretend to be my father ? usually people are comforted to see their loved ones . It makes the crossing over a much less fearful occasion . I 've done this many times , but I 've never encountered someone so resistant . Something 's happening . The alien presence is getting stronger again . Fight it , Kathryn , fight it just a little longer . I 'II have to try a thoron pulse . My people are telling me to fight . They 're trying to save me . They 're trying out of desperation . It 's hopeless . You 're the one who sounds desperate . I don 't get the feeling you 're trying to make me comfortable . You 're only interested in my agreeing to come with you . Because it 's inevitable . And you don 't strike me as any kind of good Samaritan . You 're more like a vulture , preying on people at the moment of their death when they 're most vulnerable . I 've waited for you . I 've been patient . But your patience is wearing thin . What 's the real reason you want me in that matrix ? Somehow I don 't think it has anything to do with everlasting joy . You must go with me . If you could force me to go , you 'd have done it already . You need me to agree , don 't you ? I have to go voluntarily . WouIdn 't that be better than standing here in this endless debate ? Let me tell you this . We can stand here for all eternity and I will never choose to go with you . You 're in a dangerous profession , Captain . You face death every day . There 'II be another time , and I 'II be waiting . eventually , you 'II come into my matrix and you will nourish me for a Iong , long time . Go back to hell , coward . Kathryn ? I 'm no Ionger detecting the alien presence . vital signs are responding . blood pressure 1 10 / 65 . Doctor ... what happened ? Perhaps you can explain , Commander . You and I were caught in a magnetic storm and crashed here . You were badly injured . The Doctor just arrived on a shuttle with Tuvok and began treating you . As he was doing so , we detected an alien presence within your cerebral cortex . It appeared to be preventing our attempts to heal you . eventually , it was dislodged , but there were a number of times I thought we 'd lost you . But each time , you seemed to fight back . He kept telling me to let go , but I wouldn 't . " He " ? My fa ... The alien . He wanted to take me into another place . Another place ? Some kind of afterlife ? Maybe , but I can tell you this- - from what I saw , it 's certainly not where I 'd Iike to spend eternity . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50518.6 . The Doctor has examined me thoroughly and pronounced me physically fit , but I 'II admit that it will take a little longer to work through the emotional impact of my experience . Come in . I couId have sworn I heard the Doctor tell you to take it easy for a few days . Taking it easy usually makes me feel worse . You shouldn 't push yourself . You 've been through a Iot . Aw ... To tell you the truth , I 'd rather stay busy than dwell on what happened . I can understand that . I can 't help thinking about it- - that alien , his matrix . He was like the spider who has to lure a fly into his web . Do you think it 's possible that each of the near-death experiences we 've heard about are the result of an alien inhabitation ? That 's a little hard to believe . I hope so . I 'd prefer to think his species was unique to the delta Quadrant and that I 've seen the Iast of him . I 'm sure that 's the case . After going head-to-head with Kathryn Janeway , he must have realized he 'd met his match . Come on , Chakotay . I cheated death . That 's worth a celebration , don 't you think ? A bottle of champagne ... moonIight sail on Lake George . How does that sound ? Like something worth living for .
