 Thank you . Oh , you look like a man who could use more coffee . Keep it coming . I 'm working on my monthly ops report . So much has happened in the last few weeks on this ship , I 'm going to be up all night . This firenut blend should keep your eyes open . Potent stuff . Thanks . - Neelix . - Yes . I know you have your hands full this evening , but I could use your help . At your service , Commander . We 're approaching a class - 1 nebula . Sensors are picking up traces of protomatter inside . I understand you 've dealt with it before . Absolutely , when I was making my living as a trader . Protomatter 's one of the most sought - after commodities . It 's the best energy source in the Quadrant . Well , we could use your expertise in collecting a sample . We 're leaving at 1400 . See you in the shuttle bay ? I 'll be there , sir . These nutritional supplements are unacceptable . What 's wrong ? They are pungent . That 's the whole idea . I 've been adding Talaxian spices to broaden your palate . My palate is sufficiently broad . Why settle for " sufficient " ? The Doctor tells me you have a full complement of taste buds . You 've hardly begun to use them . Come by the Mess Hall Thursday night . It 's the first day of Prixin . We 'll have an impressive array of exotic cuisine . Prixin ? The Talaxian celebration of family . We observe it every year on Voyager . Now that you 're part of the family ... What should I do to prepare ? Nothing . It 's not a mission , Seven . It 's a party ! Ensign Wildman to Neelix . Uh , Neelix here . I hate to bother you , but Naomi 's having trouble getting to sleep again . Would you mind ? No bother at all . I 'm on my way . If you 'll excuse me , duty calls . " Naomi " - - l don 't recall that designation on the crew manifest . That 's because she 's not a member of the crew . Naomi was the first child born on Voyager . I 'm her godfather and the only one that can get her to sleep lately . Bon appetit . No monsters here . Good . Check the replicator . Ah . Nothing . Naomi , maybe Neelix should check your room so you can go to bed . Okay . In there . Nobody here . There . Ah , there 's not a monster in sight . Can you stay longer ? I 'm afraid to go to sleep . Honey , Neelix has to go to work . Oh , it 's all right . You know what I think about when I 'm afraid to go to sleep ? No . What ? The Great Forest . What 's that ? It 's a place my people believe we 're all going to go to someday . It 's a beautiful , beautiful forest filled with sunlight and all the people who ever loved me are gathered there to watch over me as I sleep , to protect me . Really ? Mm - hmm , and when I think about that forest and those people , I 'm not afraid to sleep anymore . Do you think those people watch over me , too ? I know they do . Now , I 'm going to be away for the next couple of days , so if you 're afraid to sleep , I want you to think of that Great Forest . All right . Pleasant dreams . Night , Neelix . Thank you . Cylinder ... Oh ! Sorry . I didn 't realize you were home . I was regenerating . I see . Do you require assistance ? No , no , no , I have a small containment cylinder stored here . I 'll just be a minute . Cylinder ... Little cylinder , where are you ? Cylinder , you were here a month ago . Now , I know you didn 't just roll out of the airlock all by yourself . Now , where are you ? Oh ... I 'm sorry . I 'm talking to myself . It 's my way of remembering things . You are a peculiar creature , Neelix . Thanks . I think . Ah ! Here it is . Oh , this will be perfect for containing a small amount of protomatter . Last time I used this little wonder , I nearly lost it to the Kazon . The Kazon- - Species 329 . You 're familiar with them . The Borg encountered a Kazon colony in the Gand sector . Grid 6920 . Were they assimilated ? Their biological and technological distinctiveness was unremarkable . They were unworthy of assimilation . I didn 't realize the Borg were so discriminating . Why assimilate a species that would detract from perfection ? Good point . Well , um , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm needed in the shuttle bay . Pleasant ... regenerating . One day a week- - that 's all I ask . How hard can it be ? Harder than you think . Neelix , it 's pizza ! Bread , tomatoes , cheese . The cheese alone would take days . Separating curds and whey from synthesized milk- - it 's a delicate process . So replicate the cheese ! Since it means so much to you , I 'll see what I can do . Thanks . There 's a concentration of protomatter directly ahead . Neelix ? Set the transporter for 10 , 000 AMUs . Not a particle more . The containment field is standing by . We 're in range . Energizing . What happened ? The transporter beam ignited the protomatter . Shields are weakening . Disengage transport . Shields are down ! I 've got the sample , Commander , and it 's stable . Let 's get out of ... We 're clear of the protomatter . How 's Neelix ? He 's dead . No heartbeat . No synaptic response . Extensive cell damage to his brain . Try a cortical stimulator . It won 't work . His neural pathways were disrupted by the protomatter . Set the stimulator for an autonomic bypass . At least , we can get his vitals going . It 's too late for that . The damage was too severe . We 're running into more protomatter . I need your help . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51449 . 2 . After receiving a distress call from Commander Chakotay , we 've sent a beacon into the nebula and we 're in the process of tracking down the away team . Captain , I 'm detecting a shuttle . Hail them . No response . The shuttle 's primary systems are off - line . Life signs , only two . Are they within transporter range ? Affirmative . Beam them directly to Sick Bay . Harry , put a tractor on the shuttlecraft . Tuvok , you 've got the Bridge . I ran a complete postmortem analysis . There was nothing you could have done . I knew we were too close to the protomatter . I should have said something . Nobody could have predicted this , Tom . How shall I ... proceed ? The Talaxians mourn their dead for a full week in a specific burial ceremony . And that 's just what we 're going to do . I 'll inform the crew . I 'll check Neelix 's personal data base- - see what I can find out about the ceremony . We 'll have it in the Mess Hall . Somehow that feels appropriate . Neelix is dead . I 'm afraid so . His neural pathways- - are they intact ? Yes , but there 's no metabolic activity . How long has he been dead ? Seven , I understand ... How long ? It 's been 18 hours . Then it 's not too late to reactivate him . What are you saying- - that you can bring Neelix back to life ? That 's precisely what I 'm saying . The Borg have assimilated species with far greater medical knowledge than your own . We are capable of reactivating drones as much as 73 hours after what you would call " death . " Neelix wasn 't a Borg drone . We will adapt . What does this " procedure " involve ? Nanoprobes are used to reverse cellular necrosis , while the cerebral cortex is stimulated with a neuroelectric iso - pulse . But there 's nothing left to stimulate . His brain functions are gone . By your narrow definition perhaps , but not by mine . You will extract 70 micrograms of nanoprobes from my bloodstream . I will modify them to match his Talaxian physiology . His function in this crew is diverse . If you wish to salvage him , we must proceed immediately . I say we let her try . Hold on a minute , Tom , please . No one 's ever been resuscitated after being dead for 18 hours . If this procedure does work , what are the chances that Neelix would come out of it unaffected ? She 's right . The damage to his cerebral cortex was severe . The nanoprobes will compensate for any cellular degradation . Captain , a decision has to be made quickly . Doctor , give Seven whatever assistance she needs . Proceed . - Captain ... - Do it . If there 's a chance we can revive Neelix , we 've got to take it . Keep me informed . The nanoprobes are ready . We should begin . Hold on , I want to check his blood viscosity . The cadaver has been sufficiently prepared . And they say I have a lousy bedside manner . Set neuroelectric iso - pulses for one - second intervals . Ready . Now . Neural activity at nine percent ... 10 percent ... 12 percent . This is incredible ! His intracerebral blood pressure , his synaptic responses- - they 're all returning to normal . The alveoli in his lung are regenerating . They should be functional ... now . Neural activity at 52 percent and rising . His neurotransmitter levels are rising too fast . We must stabilize his motor neurons . I 'm going to try reducing his acetylcholine levels . It might be enough to ... Doctor ... Neelix . What ... happened ? What happened ? Why am ... why am I here ? Dead . For 18 hours 49 minutes , 13 seconds . Congratulations , Mr. Neelix . You 've just set a new world record . That 's impossible . You mean , I lost consciousness . I - l was , I was in a coma . No . You were dead . I 'm stunned . I 'm amazed . I - l 'm grateful . Thank you , Doctor . Actually , you can thank Seven of Nine . The procedure was her idea . Yours ? The Borg assimilated the technique from Species 149 . I simply modified it . But you are welcome . Am I good as new ? That remains to be seen . There 's no way to tell if your body will successfully take over the functions the nanoprobes are serving . Nanoprobes ? It was necessary to repair the necrotized tissue . Until I 'm certain the damaged tissue can function independently , you 'll have to be injected with nanoprobes on a daily basis . Well , as long as I don 't start , uh , assimilating the crew or sprouting Borg implants ... I 'm sure I can live with it . I 'm releasing you to your quarters . Your body 's been through quite a shock so try to get some rest . Report to Sick Bay tomorrow morning at 0800 hours for your next injection . The shuttle mission- - was it a success ? Did we get the protomatter ? I 'm afraid not . The sample you collected destabilized before it got back to Voyager . The containment field needs to be reinforced next time . If there is a next time . I 've asked Chakotay to find out exactly what caused the accident , and unless we can take additional precautions , I 'm not sending another team into that nebula . I could help with that investigation . No . You are taking some time off and that 's an order . No , Captain , please l don 't need any special treatment . Neelix , you 've just returned from the dead . Go easy on yourself . I suppose you 're right . But you can 't ask me to cancel the first night of Prixin . The celebration is in three days . Oh , I almost forgot . I 've been aging fruit compote in moolt nectar for weeks now . I - l can 't just let it go to waste . Only if you feel up to it . But could you not ferment those compotes so long this time ? Because last year , I got a little light - headed . I 'll make the necessary adjustments . It 's good to have you back . It 's good to be back , Captain . Alixia ... why weren 't you there ? Human attitudes toward death are perplexing . How so ? Too much importance is placed on it . There seem to be countless rituals and cultural beliefs designed to alleviate their fear of a simple , biological truth- - all organisms eventually perish . I take it the Borg have no fear of that biological truth . None . When a drone is damaged beyond repair , it is discarded , but its memories continue to exist in the collective consciousness . To use a human term , the Borg are " immortal . " You are no longer part of the collective . You are mortal now , like the rest of us . Does that disturb you ? My connection to the Borg has been severed , but the collective still possesses my recollections , my experiences . In a sense , I will always exist . Fascinating . That must be a great relief . Yes . It is . I 've sealed the fractures in the shuttle nacelle . The rest of the repairs should be completed by morning . Good . How are you coming ? I found a small phase variance in the transporter logs . I think it was responsible for igniting the protomatter . I 've remodulated the transporter beam to compensate . Good work . I 'll be in Holodeck 2 . I 've created a simulation of the shuttle accident to see if there 's anything we 've overlooked . Commander . Commander , I thought you might need some assistance on the holodeck . If you 're feeling up to it . Well , I 'm up to anything at this point . I 've been resting for two days straight and resting makes me feel , well , restless . I 've programmed the simulation to start when we found the protomatter . Why don 't you monitor the containment field readings ? Gladly . Computer , display shuttle crew- - excluding myself- - and begin program . There 's a concentration of protomatter directly ahead . Set the transporter for 10 , 000 AMUs . Not a particle more . The containment field is standing by . We 're in range . The transporter beam ignited the protomatter . Computer , freeze program . It looks like there was a problem with the pattern buffer . It might have created a feedback loop along the transporter beam . Sounds right . Let 's keep an eye on it . See what happened at the moment of impact . Computer , resume program . Shields are weakening . Shields are down ! I 've got the sample , Commander , and it 's stable . Let 's get out of ... Computer , freeze program . Nothing . What ? I died , and there was nothing . There was no one there . No forest . Forest ? The Great Forest . The afterlife . I was taught that when I died , my ancestors would be there waiting for me by the Guiding Tree . My sisters , my mother and father , my cousins ... everyone who was killed in the war . I took great comfort in knowing that we 'd all be together again one day , but it 's not true . Maybe we pulled you back before any of that could happen . No . I was dead for 18 hours . I should have ... experienced something . I should remember something ! It 's just a story . A myth . There is no Guiding Tree . No gathering of the ancestors . You can 't be certain of that . Don 't throw away a lifetime of faith because of one anomalous incident . Death is still the greatest mystery there is . I was there . I experienced it . There was nothing . Computer , delete characters . That 's what 's going to happen to all of us . Like a hologram- - we just disappear into nothing . Attention . Attention . If I may have everyone 's attention . You might want to try the old " glass and spoon " approach . " Glass and spoon " ? Excuse me . Thank you . Welcome to the first night of Prixin- - the Talaxian observance of familial allegiance . This year , Mr. Neelix has requested that I commence the celebration with the traditional salutation . " We do not stand alone . " We are in the arms of family . " Father , mother , " sister , brother , " father 's father , " father 's mother , " father 's brother , " mother 's brother ... fath ... " Suffice to say , the list is extensive . " We gather on this day to extol the warmth and joy " of those unshakable bonds . " Without them , we could not call ourselves complete . " On this day , we are thankful to be together . We do not stand alone . " Indeed , we do not . Here , here . A few days ago , we almost lost a member of our family . I don 't know how the rest of you feel , but it scared the hell out of me . Neelix , you still don 't know how to make a pizza ... but I 'm glad you 're here . So am I . Here 's to you , Neelix . Speech . Thank you , everyone . Well ... enjoy . Computer , music . You all right ? Fine , Commander , fine . I apologize for the other day on the holodeck . I guess this whole " back from the dead " thing is hard to get used to . I 'm fine now . If you ever want to talk , you know where to find me . Having fun ? No . That 's probably because you 've been standing here by yourself . I don 't understand the rules and procedures for this type of ... social occasion . The rules are simple . Choose a group of people . Listen to their conversation . Then when you feel like you have something to contribute , chime in . " Chime in " ? You say something . Join the discussion . I will try , Captain . The early stages of Ktarian development are astounding . Naomi has grown five centimeters since her last physical and that was only three weeks ago . It seems like every time I turn around , I 'm recycling her clothes back into the replicator . Children assimilated by the Borg are placed in maturation chambers for 17 cycles . Interesting . Well , if you 'll excuse me , I need to go talk to Neelix . In these maturation chambers , the development of conversational skills is , I suppose , a low priority ? Neelix . Oh ! I 'm sorry . No , no , no , it 's all right . We haven 't seen you in a few days . I 've been a little preoccupied . I understand . Naomi 's been asking about you . Really ? She misses you , and , frankly , so do I . She 's had trouble sleeping every night this week . " Only Neelix can tuck me in . " " l want Neelix . " It sounds familiar . Maybe you could stop by later just to say hello . Why don 't ... why don 't I go now ? It 's close to Naomi 's bedtime . Are you sure ? Prixin 's your favorite holiday . Yes , but duty calls . Attention , all monsters . Get out of this room ! My bed ! Oh , there 's no monsters here . It 's a monster ! Scared you ! You certainly did . Pleasant dreams , sweeting . Can you stay longer ? I want to hear about the Great Forest again . The Great Forest ? The special place . The place you think about when you can 't sleep . Are you sure you want to hear about that ? It 's just a silly old story . Please . Well ... it 's a beautiful place , filled with sunlight ... And all the people who ever loved me . Yes . They 've all gathered there ... to watch over you , to protect you while you sleep . I had a dream about the Great Forest last night . You did ? There was trees , and grass , and animals . And I saw you and Mommy and we were all happy . Sounds like a nice dream . It was beautiful . The Doctor asked me to run a hematological scan . Why ? To regulate the dosage of nanoprobes for your next injection . Go ahead . How much longer will I be needing these injections ? Until your damaged cells can function on their own . I don 't really like the idea of Borg technology swimming around inside me . That is irrelevant . You need the nanoprobes to live . " Live " ? Oh , is that what I am doing right now , living ? I 'm beginning to wonder . By most definitions , you are alive . Well , part of me isn 't alive . Which part are you referring to ? I don 't know , but something is missing . I don 't feel like Neelix anymore . Maybe Neelix is gone . Maybe he died and I 'm all that 's left . Stop moving and allow me to complete the scan . I - l didn 't ask to be brought back ! You were dead at the time . Well , what right did you have to violate me ? You Borg think you can fix anything , but you didn 't fix me ! There was no alternative . Just get out . Just leave me alone ! I said get out ! I would be negligent in my duties if I did that . I don 't care about your duties ! I don 't care ... What 's ... what 's happening to me ? Your cells are reverting to a necrotic state . We must get you to Sick Bay . His tissue began rejecting the nanoprobes , causing spontaneous necrosis throughout his body . We modified the nanoprobes to compensate and it appears to be working- - Neelix is stable ... for now . How do we know this won 't happen again ? We don 't. I 've designed a monitor for Neelix to wear that will alert us at the first sign of necrosis and we 'll continue with the daily injections . Beyond that , I 'm afraid it 's a ... matter of maintenance . He may have to live with this condition for the rest of his life . He wants to speak with you , Commander . Commander ... you said if I ever needed anything . You once told me your people had technology that can induce a deep meditation- - an altered state of consciousness . The akoonah . That this device allows you to look inside yourself , ask questions that you might otherwise be afraid to ask . That 's right . That 's what I need . I need to look inside myself ... figure out what 's happening to me . I need answers . Will you help me , Commander ? All right ... but I want you to understand the vision quest isn 't a quick fix . It 'll take time to interpret the images and there 's no guarantee you 'll find what you 're looking for . I understand . What should I do to prepare ? You 'll need a medicine bundle . Items that define you , things that will ground you , allow you to take the journey into yourself . I 'll get ready . This belonged to my sister , Alixia . She made it during our expedition to the Dunes of Talmouth . A flower from Kes 's garden . And last , but not least , the Guiding Tree . It stands at the center of Talaxian afterlife , deep inside the Great Forest . It 's there to help us find our way when we first arrive . At least , that 's what I used to believe . Not a very impressive medicine bundle , is it ? It 'll do fine . Now , place your hand on the akoonah . Am I doing this right ? Try to relax . Clear your mind of everything but the objects before you . Focus on them . Nothing else exists . Ah - koo - chee - moya . We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers . We are far from the bones of our people . We come here seeking guidance . It 's time , Neelix . Try to leave this room , this ship ... and go to a place where you were the most peaceful and content you have ever been . That 's where your journey will begin . Neelix ... good to have you back . It 's - it 's good to be back , Lieutenant . Alixia ? Alixia , it 's me , Neelix ! Over here . Captain ! My sister- - she was just standing here talking to you . The dead girl . Oh , yes . Very charming . I can see the family resemblance . Alixia ! You will be assimilated . No time for that now . Maybe later . Potent stuff . It 's ... It 's beautiful . Yes. lt 's just like you always imagined it would be . The trees , the sunlight , and all the people who ever loved you . When I died , I looked for you , but you weren 't there . Why weren 't you there ? Because it 's all a lie . What do you mean ? You 've wasted your entire life believing lies . The " Great Forest . " The " afterlife . " It 's all created out of your fear of death . None of it 's real . If that 's true , what 's the point of living ? There isn 't any . That 's what you 're finally starting to realize . I 'm afraid to go to sleep . Tell me about the Great Forest , Neelix . Tell me about the trees and the grass and all the people who loved you . Why are you saying these things ? Scared you ! You died on that shuttlecraft , Neelix . They never should have brought you back . It was a mistake and you know it . Now accept it . You know what you have to do . No . It 's all a lie . They lied to you . You know what you have to do . We gather on this day to tell Neelix what he must do . You stand alone . Life is irrelevant . Let go . It 's pointless . It 's a lie . You know what you have to do . No ! Neelix . Oh , there you are . I didn 't see you . Are you looking for me ? Yes , as a matter of fact , I am . I hope I 'm not disturbing you . You are not . I ... I want to apologize for my outburst the other day in the Mess Hall . No apology is necessary . No . No , please , my behavior was uncalled for . I didn 't mean the things I said . I wasn 't myself . But I feel much better now . Commander Chakotay has helped me to ... understand a few things . I want you to know that I don 't blame you for bringing me back . To life , I mean . In fact , what you did was very thoughtful . I would have done the same for any member of this crew . Yes. I 'm sure you would have . is there something else ? No . Yes . Seven , I think you 've made a wonderful addition to this crew . I know it 's been difficult for you making the transition from Borg back to human . Or half human . Or whatever it is you 've become . Actually , you 're just plain Seven to me . Your point , Mr. Neelix . I guess I just want to say ... you 're surrounded by people who care about you . And whether you know it or not , Voyager is going to be a very good home to you . It certainly was to me . Was ? Do you intend to leave ? Leave ? No. I 'll be around . Well ... good - bye . Good - bye . What happened to you this morning ? I 'm sorry I had to cancel our little chat , but I was needed in the Mess Hall . I 've been so busy the last few days I let things slip around here . You 're not holding up your end of the bargain . What do you mean ? When you asked me to guide you on a vision quest I agreed , but I also told you it was part of an ongoing process . We 're supposed to be discussing your progress . What 's left to say ? I 've told you- - l saw my sister , the Great Forest . I feel a sense of peace I 've never felt in my entire life . It worked . You 've only lived with the visions for a couple of days . That 's not enough time to draw any conclusions . You 've got to reflect on the images , examine them . Allow them to stay alive in your mind . A vision quest isn 't just a dream you dismiss after your first cup of coffee . I understand . Good . I get off duty at 1400 hours . Meet me in my quarters and we 'll begin . That 's an order . Yes , sir . Computer , lights off . And finally , Mr. Tuvok ... I 'm grateful for the opportunity I had to win your respect . Your strength and your wisdom were an inspiration to me and I can only hope that your memory of me will serve to inspire you in some way . It was an honor to spend my last years on Voyager with this crew . I want to thank all of you for your kindness and companionship . Good - bye . Computer , end log and code for delivery to Captain Janeway in one hour . Captain , someone 's trying to initiate an unauthorized transport . It 's Neelix . Where 's he going ? Looks like he 's trying to beam into the nebula . Stop him . Janeway to Neelix . Neelix , respond . Neelix , I order you to disengage transport . He 's found a way to block the abort sequence . Transport 's in progress . Override it ! Get him back . Bridge to Chakotay . We 've blocked his transporter signal . You can slow me down , but you can 't stop me . What are you trying to do ? I 'm going back where l belong . You belong here , Neelix . Not anymore . I died in that nebula . You should 've left me . - Neelix ... - No closer ! I 've created a site - to - site transport . No one can override the signal . You told me you were at peace . I will be ... as soon as I tap this control . What really happened in your vision quest ? What did you see ? My sister , the crew , myself . They all told me the same thing- - there 's no point in living , and I agree with them . I 'm sure those were powerful images , but there are many ways to interpret them . You may be coming face - to - face with your own fear of death . Or the manifestation of your emotional crisis . Your deepest beliefs have been thrown into doubt . It 's only natural the vision quest would reflect that . 1 1 years ago , I saw my world in ruins ... my family murdered . All that 's kept me going is knowing that one day we 'd be together again . That I 'd see them again . But it 's not true . And I can 't ... live without that hope . I understand how this can change the way you look at things , but it can also lead to an even stronger faith . You don 't know . You 're not there yet . Ensign Wildman to Neelix . Answer her ! Neelix , please respond . No . You 're being called back to your life again , Neelix . Don 't turn your back on it . We 're your family now . It 's not enough . It is for us . " His function on this crew is diverse . " That 's what Seven of Nine said about you . Even our Borg understands how important you are on this ship . It 's not just the duties you perform . It 's the way you make people feel when you 're around . That Neelix is gone . I don 't think he is . Why didn 't you answer me ? I had to have the computer track you down . Naomi thought she saw a monster in the replicator . Neelix , what 's going on ? I 'm trying to decide some things . That little girl needs you , Neelix . Monsters in the replicator ? Who else on this ship can handle that ? Duty calls . Good night , sir . He says good night . Good night , Naomi . Good night . What 's the matter ? Mommy says you were sick . I was , but I 'm okay now . Did a monster get you ? Yes , I suppose so . But I chased him away . Pleasant dreams .
