 Fire . The asteroid is fragmenting , but most of the debris is still on a collision course with the planet . Target the fragments . Destroy them . That asteroid should have been vaporized . What happened ? I 'm not sure . Sensors showed a simple nickeI-iron composition . We shouldn 't be seeing fragments more than a centimeter in diameter . Ambassador , I 'm afraid I was right . This isn 't going to work . The same thing happened to us yesterday . We tried to vaporize two incoming asteroids , but they fragmented and struck the surface . I 've destroyed most of the debris , Captain . However , targeting scanners were unable to track two of the fragments . They have already entered the upper atmosphere . The debris impacted on the largest continent approximately 500 kilometers from the southern tip . The central desert . fortunately , that region isn 't heavily populated . substantial cratering , atmospheric shock waves ... and large concentrations of dust and other stratospheric contaminants . How long until the next asteroid hits ? approximately six hours . Can you give us an idea of its trajectory ? Same continent , but this time on the eastern coastal region . Our largest colonies are there . Over 5,000 citizens . Captain , we appreciate your efforts , but I think it 's time we considered an evacuation . According to my analysis , there are at Ieast 12 more asteroids heading in our direction . How can we hope to destroy them all even with your help ? Incoming hall from the surface . It 's coming from one of the heavily damaged areas . On screen . Ambassador , I 've been analyzing the debris and I 've discovered disturbing evidence that the asteroids are not what they seem . They are composed of artificial materials . I must meet with you immediately . I think we can stop ... I 've lost the transmission . Location ? I can 't find them . Too much interference . That was Dr. Vatm , our most prominent astrophysicist . He mentioned the composition of the asteroids . could he have found something important ? At this point , Ambassador , I don 't know what that discovery could be . Mr. Paris , can we send a shuttle down through that turbulence ? It would be a rough ride , but I think it 's possible . Our chances of finding Dr. Vatm are slim . We should evacuate the colonies . We haven 't time to evacuate all those people . I won 't give up , not now . Captain , I 'm asking for your help again ... but I won 't ask you to risk your crew . In for a penny , in for a pound . Excuse me ? It 's a human expression , Ambassador . And it means we 're not leaving you now . Tuvok , assemble rescue teams . We 'II send down three shuttles to find Dr. Vatm . Aye , Captain . Mr. Paris ? Bridge to Engineering . B 'EIanna , I want you to beam aboard a sample of the debris from that last asteroid . Let 's find out why it wasn 't vaporized . I 'm going to study the data we 've collected so far . I 'II be in my ready room . I need anaIeptic compounds . Are you ill ? No , no ! I 'm feeling quite vigorous . I requested a place on the rescue team as part of my StarfIeet training and the Captain said yes . So , I thought it might be useful to bring along a few extra medical supplies . We have some anaIeptic compounds in the bio lab . I 'II get them for you . May I suggest a tranquilizer ? No , no , no . I 'II be fine . Just that I 'm a little apprehensive . I 've been assigned to Lieutenant Tuvok 's team , and no matter what I do , I can 't seem to please him . VuIcans are notoriously difficult to impress . Mr. Tuvok seldom acknowledges my brilliance . A word of advice , Mr. NeeIix . Try to restrain your ... enthusiasm . You 're there to observe and learn . Yeah . It 's good advice , Doctor . altitude : 15 kilometers . velocity : mach 2.1 . Entering the upper troposphere . Mr. SkIar , are you all right ? I 'm an exo-geoIogist . I prefer working on the ground . We 'II be landing shortly . Try to relax . Ah ! What 's happening ? ! We 're entering a layer of electrodynamic turbulence . full power to thrusters . Thrusters aren 't responding . Attempting to level our descent . Oh , oh ! We 're losing main power ! I will have to land the shuttle manually . Brace for impact . Commander , I 've lost contact with Tuvok 's shuttle . hall them . No response . Notify Lieutenant Paris and the others . We may have a team down . Torres to Bridge . Go ahead . We 've beamed aboard a piece of the debris . I 'II be right there . Ambassador ? Dr. Vatm . I heard what sounded like a ship crashing . I came looking for you . This is Hanjuan . He 's a miner at the nearby gaIIicite excavation . He heard your ship , too . Have you seen any other vessels like ours ? No . Just you . Doctor , you said you had information on the composition of the asteroids . What is it ? That data is classified . I can only speak to the ambassador . You may also speak to me . Your ambassador sent us to find you . No . I prefer to wait . Doctor , we almost died trying to get that information . tell us . Be silent , SkIar ! Now , gentlemen , there 's no point in arguing . Right now , we have to get this shuttle off the ground . unfortunately , that will not be possible . AII primary systems are off-Iine . Warp drive and impulse engines have been destroyed . I suggest we repair the com system and send a distress call . How long will that take ? several hours , at Ieast . We don 't have several hours . When the next asteroid hits , it could destroy this entire region . We 've got to get out of here soon . I assure you , we 're doing everything we can . Mr. NeeIix , please go outside and inspect the toroidal antenna . I need to know if any of the signal relays were damaged . If they were , I can try to repair them . A damage report will be sufficient . I 've been studying with Lieutenant Torres . She gave me a full orientation on shuttIecraft systems . The damage report , Mr. NeeIix . Aye , sir . In the meantime , I suggest everyone try to remain calm . allowing anxiety to overcome you will only hinder the efficiency of our efforts . He 's really a very pleasant fellow once you get to know him . And intelligent . I 'm sure he 'II have the com system up and running ... NeeIix . On my way . Why won 't you share the data ? Excuse me . Mr. Tuvok ? You couldn 't have finished already . Not exactly . What I mean to say is , I know I 'm here to observe and I don 't mean to step out of line , but I think I 've observed a way out of here . Where ? I saw what appeared to be an orbital tether anchored nearby . Yes , we use those to lift cargo from the surface to the orbital supply stations . May I assume it uses magnetic leverage to lift the carriage ? Yes . What is your point ? What if we use that carriage to climb the tether ? The tether 's over 300 kilometers long . It takes 12 hours to reach the station . well , we wouldn 't have to go all the way to the station . We just have to leave the ionosphere . Once we get above all this interference , we can contact Voyager- - they 'II beam us aboard . I 've already considered that option . The carriage was damaged on the Iast impact . The induction coils are off-Iine . Maybe we can replace the coils with attitude control thrusters from the shuttle . It would take a little creative mechanics , but I think we can do it . I spent two years on a tether maintenance team on Rinax . The principles are undoubtedly the same . Our probability of being detected by Voyager or the other rescue teams is greatest if we remain here . What if they don 't find us in time ? He 's right . We should try the tether . It 's better than sitting here waiting to be buried in dust . I 've helped rebuild a dozen mag-Iev carriages . Give me a chance to get that one working . If I can 't , we 'II come back and wait for the others . Very well . You won 't regret this , Lieutenant . We need to get to the base of the tether . I think we can integrate our thrusters into the induction matrix , but we 'II need to ... Looks like somebody 's been here recently . Get away or I 'II kill him ! Drop your weapon ! Now ! This is my shelter . These are my supplies ! We have no interest in your supplies . We are here to use the carriage to get to safety . He 's telling the truth . We 'II take you with us . The carriage is damaged . Yes , we know . The induction coils . But we 've brought equipment to replace them . I know it 's been difficuIt- - this catastrophe has taken it 's toll on everyone- - but you have got to believe us . We only want to get off the surface . What-what about the oxygen converters ? They 've been damaged , too . They can 't produce enough air for six people . Maybe we can augment the converters . We brought along some equipment that might do the trick . I don 't have enough rations for everyone . Don 't expect me to share . If I can fix the tether , no one will need your rations . We have a starship in orbit . They 'II beam us aboard once we leave the ionosphere . If I 'm not mistaken , it sounds like you know a thing or two about tethers , as well . Not really . I 'm a foundry worker . Good . We could use someone with metallurgical knowledge . Let 's get to work . Have faith , Mr. VuIcan . We 'II be tether-borne in no time . I 've completed the mineralogical scans . The rock is composed of tryoxene , olivine ... Wait a minute . I 'm reading a concentration of triadium . Triadium ? Isn 't that an alloy ? Yes . B 'EIanna , give me a hand with this . This doesn 't look like any asteroid I 've ever seen . But I 'II bet it 's the source of our triadium . It looks like a control node for some kind of guidance system . Ambassador , I have a feeling these asteroids aren 't striking your planet by chance . Are we ready to bring main power back on Iine ? I ... I think so . The coil bypass is active . Bypass is holding . congratulations , Mr. VuIcan . We 've done it ! We must still repair the oxygen regenerators and the damaged tether couplings . Then let 's get started . I 'II go check on the oxygen supply . How 's it coming , LiIIias ? I still can 't get this power relay on Iine . I 'm not an orbital engineer . I can 't do this . Maybe I can help . Let 's see . Aha . You need to recalibrate the pressure valve ... like this . That should about do it . We 're going to need a name . A name ? For the mag-Iev carriage . Whenever we finished building a tether on Rinax , we named the carriage for good luck . Any suggestions ? No . How about ... Alixia ? " Alixia " ? My favorite sister . She was always taking me out to explore . She showed me the Caves of Touth ... the equatorial dust shrouds . Once , she even took me hunting for arctic spiders . Whenever I think of her , I think of adventure . And this is an adventure she would appreciate . What do you think ? Where is your sister now ? She was killed when I was a young man in a war on my homeworld . My entire family was lost . I 'm sorry . I still see each of them . Every night before I go to sleep , I recall their faces and share something about my day with each of them . Tonight , I 'm going to have quite a Iot to tell them . Thank you . I have a sister , too . HaIIa . Three weeks ago , after the first impact , our home was destroyed and we were separated . I haven 't seen her since . I don 't even know if she 's alive . When we get back to Voyager , I 'II ask my Captain to help you find her . Mr. NeeIix ? Excuse me . Yes , sir ! Your interpersonal activities are delaying our progress . What do you mean ? Since we arrived , you have spent as much time engaged in idle conversation as you have making repairs . I 'm just trying to cheer everyone up a little . Your function at the moment is to repair this vessel , not to boost morale . This is not the holodeck , nor the Mess hall . This is a Iife-threatening situation and your attention should be focused on one thing aIone- - our safe return to Voyager I 'm sorry , sir . I 'II finish as fast as I can . Once we start moving up the tether , will we be able to reverse course ? It will take several hours to reach the station . We 've only been able to fix three of the seven power supplies . ... were to turn back , we might not be able to break through the ionosphere . Mr. SkIar , examine this piece . See if the ... Dr. Vatm ! What are you doing ? ! He 's opening the launch doors ! - He 's leaving without us ! - Dr . Vatm ! please stop ! The tether 's base hasn 't been secured ! If he launches now , he 'II destabilize the entire cavern ! Wait , please ! Don 't leave us here ! Stand aside . It 's too late ! The cavern support structure is collapsing . We 've got to get out of here . Can we launch ? I think so . seal that door . I despise enclosed spaces . Hang on . velocity : 30 kilometers per hour . internal atmospheric pressure : 700 millibars . altitude : 800 meters and climbing . We 're losing mag-Iev cohesion . AII right . We have to stabilize that right away . Otherwise , we 'II go into free fall . You mean , we 're going to drop ? How do we prevent that ? - NeeIix ! - hold on ! hold on ! I 'm thinking ! VeIocity- - let 's try increasing the velocity . It should stabilize our ascent . See if you can increase power to the tether couplings . Routing backup power to the tether couplings . Stand by . I 'm going to try giving her a little more speed . velocity : 47 kilometers per hour ... and holding . Mag-Iev cohesion ... stable . We 're all right . Good girl , Alixia I knew you could do it . " Alixia " ? I named the carriage after my sister . For good luck , no doubt . We will need it . One of the oxygen converters has ruptured . We 'II have to find a way of increasing output to the other converter . Otherwise , we 'II run out of air about halfway up . What are the chances of our reaching the ionosphere ? I 'd say they , uh ... they were pretty good . We did leave ahead of schedule and that could cause a few glitches along the way . glitches ? I wasn 't able to get the auto-ascent sequencer back on Iine . That means , I 'II have to keep controlling the ascent manually . And there is the problem of maintaining atmospheric pressure . I 'm already beginning to detect a few fissures in the hull . We must repair them . Where is the emergency containment grid ? Containment grid . Containment grid . Uh ... I 'm ... I 'm not quite sure . Mr. NeeIix , you told me you had experience with this kind of technology . I did . I did . Sort of . They weren 't exactly what you might call working carriages . They were more like prototypes . specifically . AII right , they were models , one-tenth scale , but they were extremely detailed . You built models . Yes , but they were basically identical to real mag-Iev carriages- - same principles , same mechanical components . I was planning to familiarize myself with all the systems on this carriage . I just didn 't plan on leaving ahead of schedule . But don 't worry , I 've got everything under control . There is little we can do now that we are 30 kilometers above the surface . I suggest we continue to ... What are you doing ? ! Let 's go . You wanted to leave ? Fine- - then leave . That is enough . He may be crucial to the survival of your colonies . He would 've let us die down there . That is no justification for murder . Dr. Vatm , why did you try to launch without us ? Does it have to do with the discovery you made about the asteroids ? Answer him , or I 'II throw you out myself . Compose yourself , Mr. Hanjuan . Once we return to Voyager , we will find out ... Who put you in command ? This rescue mission was authorized by the Captain of my ship and the ambassador of your government . I say we throw Vatm out the door . We could use the extra oxygen . If you are trying to intimidate me , I should inform you that , as a vulcan , I possess physical strength many times your ... It is going to be a Iong and perilous journey . As such , I will need your full cooperation . Understood ? Yeah . mechanical glitches would seem to be the least of our problems . We 've just completed our third Iow-aItitude survey . There 's no sign of Dr. Vatm or Tuvok and his rescue team . We 're monitoring a major dust storm heading your way . You 'II need to head due north within the hour . acknowledged . Paris out . Captain , I 'm getting more detailed sensor readings on the approaching asteroid . It 's huge- - over half a kilometer in diameter- - and it 's moving faster than the others . Time to impact ? approximately two hours . Doctor , I 'm going to inject you with a triox compound . It will help to oxygenate your blood . I 've prepared an injection of ... Yes , uh , I know . I heard you . It ... won 't be painful , will it ? No . It is a simple subdermaI transfer . Oh , good . Good . I ... I despise needles . Any progress with the ... with the converters ? We were unable to salvage the damaged tank . But LiIIias is working to increase the efficiency of the functioning one . And if she can 't , we 'II all suffocate . It is illogical to dwell on situations beyond your control . It will only serve to heighten your anxiety , which , if I may say so , is heightened enough . Oh . well , thank you for the reassurance . How is everybody ? They are suffering the initial stages of carbon dioxide poisoning . And you ? My lungs are capable of respirating in an extremely thin atmosphere . Then if we can 't fix this air supply , you may be the only one left to pilot this thing . I 'd better start showing you how to use the ascent thrusters . They must be kept at a minimum temperature ... Stop ! What are you doing ? Get away . I 've got to get out . Let me out . Let go of me . I need it . So , now he wants to leave . Let him . No , you don 't understand . There 's something out there . What is out there ? On ... the roof . He 's going into shock . He 's dead . Can you revive him ? His cardiopulmonary tissues have begun to deteriorate . From lack of oxygen ? No . I believe he was murdered . Murdered ? How ? Poisoning . According to my tricorder readings , his water supply has been contaminated with a Iydroxide corrosive . Lydroxide ? That 's the coolant used in the tether couplings . How do you know it wasn 't an accident ? The coolant system is completely sealed . And there is no Iydroxide anywhere else on board . Now we have a choice between death by suffocation or death by poisoning . I will conduct an investigation once we return to the ship . For now , we must focus on survival . Again , you take command . Again , you decide our fate . How do we know you didn 't kill him ? I have no motive . Your motive would be the same as ours- - revenge . I am VuIcan . I do not succumb to emotion . Oh , and we are expected to believe that . I think we should stop the carriage . Why ? Something Dr. Vatm said ... about getting up on the roof . Dr. Vatm was delirious from lack of oxygen . He attempted to open the hatch of this vessel and go outside . It would have killed him and possibly all of us as well . exactly . He was desperate enough to risk his own life . I think we should go up and find out what he was talking about . If we stop the carriage , we 'II risk losing mag-Iev cohesion again . We 'II check the roof upon returning to Voyager I don 't know . I 've got a funny feeling about this . I 'm not interested in your funny feeling . You 're not listening to what I 'm saying . delirious or not , he said he needed whatever 's up there . What if it 's something that can help us ? I will not debate this with you . please pilot the craft and remain silent . You 're going to listen to me ! You are becoming emotionally distraught . There is little point in furthering this discussion . I 'II tell you who 's being emotionaI- - you . You hide it beneath that VuIcan calm , but the truth is , you 're filled with contempt and sarcasm and I 'm tired of being the target of all your hostility . You are mistaken . No , he 's not . I can see it every time you talk to NeeIix . You 're dismissive and condescending . You are projecting your own emotional bias onto my actions . I have no feelings toward Mr. NeeIix . That 's right ! That 's exactly what I 'm talking about ! You have no feelings for me , but you have feelings against me . For three years , you 've ridiculed me and made it obvious to everyone that you have no respect for me and I 've tolerated it . You know why ? You know why ? Because you are smarter than I am , Tuvok , and more logical , and ... stronger and superior in almost every way . And I admire you , but you don 't have any instincts . You don 't have any gut feelings and you don 't really understand people . But non-VuIcans have feelings and they have to listen to them . And I 've got to listen to mine , and right now , they 're telling me we need to get up on that roof and find out what the Doctor was talking about . I disagree . Fine ! But I 'm the only one who can pilot this vessel and we 're not going anywhere till someone goes up on that roof . You leave me little choice . AII right , then ... now ... one of us needs to go outside . I 'm not going out there . Don 't even think about me . I 'm willing to give it ... I will go . You ? I am the logical one to make the egress . I can breathe the rarefied atmosphere . I can 't believe you 're going out there . You don 't even know what you 're looking for . I am looking for Mr. NeeIix 's instinct . Perhaps it will be marked . It 's strange ... but I really like him . I just wish the feeling were mutual . Tuvok to NeeIix . Go ahead . I have found a data storage device Iodged in the internal circuitry . It appears to contain information about an alien starship . But I will need to remove it and bring it into the cabin for further examination . Be careful up there . If you can 't remove it , don 't . SkIar ! What are you doing ? ! NeeIix ! Where 's Tuvok ? Mr. Tuvok returned to the surface . Get this carriage moving . What are you ... ? Now ! He can 't . He 's hurt . Back away . Get up . Get up ! well ... we 're going to have to figure out how to fly this vessel . Captain , the asteroid is within visual range . Let 's see it . Ensign . There 's a Iarge crew compIement- - at Ieast 2,000 . They remoduIated their shields to fool our sensors . We 're being hailed . On screen . The Etanian Order claims this territory . You will withdraw . This planet belongs to the Nezu . They have five colonies here . You are not Nezu . I 'm a friend of theirs , Kathryn Janeway , and I 'm not going anywhere until you 've lowered your weapons . You will be willing to die for them ? A loyal friend and a foolish one . They 'II be here in under ten minutes , Captain . battle stations . Why haven 't we started ? If we don 't get moving soon , the tether couplings will give out . They 'II snap . We 'II lose mag-Iev cohesion . Then get us moving . I can 't ! I don 't know how . There 's the accelerator control . Try it . Too dangerous . We 've got to secure the tether first . AII right , you , go outside and check the couplings . Make sure they haven 't given out . I 'm not going out there . Besides , I wouldn 't know what to look for . The only person who knows how to pilot this ship is NeeIix . It can 't be that complicated ! Keep trying . I 'm doing my best . Come on , come on , come on . I 'm glad you 're all right . fortunately , I was able to grab hold of an induction coil and climb to safety . Thank you , Mr. NeeIix . What ? I said thank you for opening the door . Don 't mention it . I believe we know now who killed Dr. Vatm . But why did he kill him ? The data storage device contains tactical information about an alien starship- - weapons , warp drive , shield moduIations . apparently , SkIar did not want us to find it . You have an occipital concussion . I 'm afraid my understanding of TaIaxian physiology is limited . I cannot treat you . I don 't know how to do this . We 're going to lose cohesion any minute now . NeeIix . We need you . I don 't think I can do it . You must . I can barely keep my eyes open . Do it ... for AIixia . She would be proud of you . I 'm glad to see your interpersonal skills are improving . You 're learning how to motivate people . Speed : 45 kilometers per hour . The ship is within range . They 're charging weapons . full power to the shields . Ready phasers . shields down to 85 percent ! Return fire . No effect . We can 't penetrate their shields . Hang on ! We 're breaking through the ionosphere ! Engaging induction dampers . We did it . We made it . Tuvok to Voyager Janeway here . Are you all right , Lieutenant ? Yes , Captain . We 're a little busy right now . Prepare to beam aboard . shields down to 23 percent . structural integrity is faiIing . Captain . This data device contains tactical information about the enemy vessel , including their shield modulation . Adjust our phasers to match . Target their primary reactor . Ready . Fire at will . Direct hit . Their reactor is off-Iine . They 're remoduIating their shields . Target their weapons array . Fire . Their weapons have been destroyed . They 're retreating , Captain . What happened to you down there ? Where 's SkIar ? Mr. SkIar ... returned to the surface . I 've just come from a staff briefing . The people who attacked your colonies , they call themselves the Etanian Order . apparently , they have a unique way of invading other worlds . First , they create what appears to be a natural disaster- - in your case , an asteroid bombardment . Once the population has evacuated , they arrive and stake their claim . But they didn 't expect Voyager to intervene , so they arrived before our colonies had been evacuated . exactly . What about Dr. Vatm ? From what we could tell , Dr. Vatm found out about the Etanian Order and was secretly collecting information about their starship technology . He also knew that one of your colonists was a traitor , helping the Etanians , feeding your government false information about the asteroids . But he didn 't know that it was SkIar . He didn 't know who to trust . That 's why he tried to hide the data storage device on the roof . The damage to our world could have been much worse . Thank you . I have just received word from the ambassador . Your sister , HaIIa , has been found . tell her I said hello . Mr. NeeIix . I thought you should know that I have submitted my mission report to the Captain . I have given you a special commendation for your endurance and bravery . I 'm honored . Your instincts were correct . However , one day your intuition will faiI , and you will finally understand that logic is primary above all else . Instinct is simply another term for " serendipity . " And one day , Mr. VuIcan , I 'II get you to trust your gut . That is doubtful . We 'II see . Your attempts have yet to succeed . You always have to get in that last word , don 't you ? I am simply responding to your erroneous statement . Something tells me you just hate to lose an argument . Losing is irrelevant . See what I mean ? No . I do not .
