 There was another antiwar demonstration at the UC-Santa Cruz campus last night . Tear gas was used to disperse the crowd of 3,000 angry students . The temperature right now in downtown Barstow is 7 5 degrees . Whoa , whoa . Far out . Come in . Sorry , Tuvok . I was just practicing my serve . Your " serve ? " Tennis . After 19 years , I 've decided to take it up again . I 'm a little rusty . I played in a novice tournament on the holodeck . I lost my first match in straight sets . Perhaps if you maintained eye contact with the ball at the apex of its trajectory , your serve would be more effective . You play tennis ? simple physics , Captain . Not as simple as when I played on the high school tennis team . What can I do for you , Tuvok ? I 've completed my monthly security evaluation . AII systems and crew are ... Red alert . Captain Janeway to the Bridge . Report . Some sort of spatial rift . It opened right in front of us . analysis . It 's a distortion in the space-time continuum , but it 's got a graviton matrix . It 's being artificially generated . By whom ? Sensors can 't get inside . The distortion field 's fluctuating . Something 's coming out . It appears to be a small ship- - approximately six meters in length . Magnify . Sensors are reading one occupant- - human . He is holding position at the perimeter of the rift . There 's a subspace signature emanating from the ship . Captain ... it 's Federation . hall them . No response . They appear to be charging weapons . shields up . hall them again . shields are down . Get us out of here . HeIm control is off-Iine . He 's firing some kind of subatomic disruptor . Return fire . full phasers . No effect . Voyager 's molecular structure is coming apart ! Tuvok , divert all available power to the deflector . Send out a high-energy poIaron pulse . It might help to disrupt his weapon . Emitting defIector pulse ... now . It 's working . We are being hailed . On screen . Starship Voyager , I 'm Captain Braxton of the Federation Timeship Aeon I 've come from 29th century Earth , 500 years into your future . please disengage your defIector pulse . Why are you firing at us ? Your vessel is responsible for a disaster in my century- - a temporal explosion that will destroy all of Earth 's solar system . I 've come back in time to prevent that occurrence . My mission is your destruction . You must not resist . I 'm going to need some more information before I allow you ... Debris from your secondary hull was found in the explosion . Captain , I simply ... No time ! He 's remoduIating the subatomic disruptor . Our defIector is losing power . It won 't hold much longer . Captain , if he 's telling the truth ... I won 't sacrifice this ship and crew based on a ten second conversation . I need proof . It doesn 't look like we 're going to get it . Adjust our defIector to match the frequency of his weapon . Try to overload his emitter . It seems to be working . His weapon is off-Iine and his ship has been damaged . The rift is destabilizing and he 's being pulled back inside . reestablish helm control . I 'm trying , Captain , but we seem to be caught in some kind of graviton distortion . We 're being pulled in , too . Status . Primary systems are coming back on Iine . The weapons grid and power array took heavy damage . The temporal rift is closed . Where are we ? Home . We just cut across half the galaxy . The rift must have originated here . hall StarfIeet Command . No response on standard frequencies . Curious . I am picking up a multitude of narrow-band EM signals . Let 's hear . hello , Mom ... There 's no commercial interruptions ... If you leave a message at the beep , I 'II get right back to you . Robertson takes a hard left ... The question isn 't where we are . It 's when we are . Mr. Kim ? According to astrometric readings ... the year is 1996 . The late 20th century . Captain . They had surveillance satellites during this time . Maintain a high orbit . And modulate the shields to scatter their radar . We don 't want to alarm the natives . What about the timeship ? Is it here , too ? There 's no sign of the vessel in orbit . Scanning the planet 's surface . I am picking up Iow-frequency subspace readings emanating from the northern hemisphere . Subspace technology shouIdn 't exist for another 100 years or so . could be our friend from the 29th century . localize it . North American continent . Pacific coast . The city of ... Los angeles . We 've got to go down there . If it is Captain Braxton , he 's the key to all this . And at the moment , his ship is the only way we have of getting back to our own century . Chakotay , Tuvok , Paris , you 're with me . Mr. Kim , you have the Bridge . Yes , ma 'am . As I recall , Tom , you 're something of an aficionado on 20th century America . That 's right . What will we need to pass as locals in this era ? simple . Nice clothes , fast car and lots of money . Hey , buddy , look what you did . Sorry , man . We could have worn our StarfIeet uniforms . I doubt if anyone would have noticed . The subspace readings are coming from within a hundred-meter radius of our position , but I can 't pinpoint the source . I find it hard to believe a ship from the 29th century could 've landed on this beach without being noticed . We have no idea what kind of technology they might have in the future . Maybe it 's cloaked . Let 's spread out . Tuvok , Paris , go check the shoreline . Chakotay and I will search the boardwalk . Aye , Captain . well , Kathryn , you got us home . Right place ... wrong time . But it is good to be back , nevertheless . Maybe I should look up a few ancestors . As I recall , one of them was a schoolteacher in Arizona . I don 't know what my relatives were doing this far back in history ... Coming through . Sorry . For all I know , she could be my great , great , great ... great grandmother . She does have your legs . Have you ever been to Southern california , Chakotay ? No . After the Hermosa Quake in 2047 , this entire region sank under 200 meters of water . It became one of the world 's largest coral reefs , home to thousands of different marine species . Some ... interesting species in this century . Subspace readings are weaker here . Let 's head up to the boardwalk . Ah ... the sun feels great . thermal and ultraviolet radiation are at hazardous levels . Oh , lighten up , Tuvok . This was a great time and place and you 're getting to see it firsthand . Come on , take off your shirt . And risk dermal dysplasia ? No , thank you . VuIcans- - deep down you 're all a bunch of hypochondriacs . The readings are coming from over there . Ten meters ... There . So much for the timeship . There 's no doubt about it . The subspace readings are coming from him . No way . Way . It 's crap . The component density is too low , the voltage variance is out of spec and I don 't even like the color . But , Mr. StarIing ... We 've got less than six months before we introduce the HyperPro PC . And with a chip like this driving it , we 'II have to change the name to " EdseI . " I gave your company this contract because you 're the best in the business . Next to us , of course . Go home , Jim . Lose some sleep over this . I want a full report middle of next week . What am I doing , Dave ? You 're in a meeting , sir . And ? And I know I 'm not supposed to interrupt , but there 's a woman calling on Iine three from Griffith Observatory- - a Rain Robinson . She says it 's urgent . Put her through . Henry StarIing . Hi . I don 't know if you remember me . I 'm one of the astronomers at the SETI lab you 're funding . We met at the Griffith restoration party . Yes , yes . What is it ? Okay . well , it was my understanding you wanted to be notified immediately if I ever picked up a gamma emission that matched the frequency profile you gave me . well ... I did . So ... I am . Are you certain ? Positive . I tracked the emission , and guess what ? The source is in orbit . It is right above us . When did it show up ? Uh ... according to the raw data , about 90 minutes ago . I 'm not picking up anything from the standard search parameters . Wow . That means no one else knows there 's something up there . We have got to tell somebody about this . We 've got to call NASA ! Rain , that 's a little premature , don 't you think ? This could be a close encounter , but then again , could be a flock of geese . Mm ... geese don 't park themselves 20,000 kilometers above North America . Let 's send a message up there , see if there 's a response . No , no . We don 't know what we 've found , and until we do , I 'm not going to risk embarrassing myself or your observatory . Track the emission , collect more data and keep me informed . In the meantime , I 'm going to put a bottle of champagne on ice . Do you think E.T. likes Chateau Coeur ? well , if he doesn 't , I 've got a six-pack in the fridge . Good work , Rain . Stay in touch . Oh , what the hell . Anyone up there ? That trip through the rift is still affecting our primary systems . Weapons are off-Iine , we blew three EPS conduits and our main transporter buffer just crashed . We 've got an away team down there . I know . We 've still got emergency transporters , but they 're short-range . How close to the surface would we have to get to beam them up ? Pretty close . I 'd say less than ten kilometers . If we do that , somebody 's going to see us . Sir , I 'm picking up an EM signal from the planet 's surface . It 's directed at our coordinates . On screen . Greetings from the people of Earth . shall I respond , sir ? absolutely not . He appears to live on the street . That pushcart seems to contain all his belongings . From what we can tell , he spends most of his time putting up literature about the end of the world . hello ? hello ? Janeway here . Captain , we 've got a problem . We received a signal from the surface . It looks like a standard greeting designed for extraterrestrials . We 've been detected . It looks that way . We tracked the signal to an observatory about 20 kilometers from your location . Transport Paris and Tuvok to those coordinates . I can 't do that right now , not without going into a lower orbit . The main pattern buffer is off-Iine . B 'EIanna says it could take a couple of days to repair . In that case , transmit those coordinates to Mr. Tuvok 's tricorder . He and Tom will have to get there using more ... conventional means . Aye , Captain . Kim out . Nobody walks in Los angeles , and they don 't have much of a public transportation system . We 're going to need some wheels . Do what you have to do . Find out who sent that message and get more information . Have we been detected ? How many people know about us ? We cannot risk contaminating the timeline . Aye , Captain . See you later . Who the hell are you ? ! This is my stuff ! It 's all right . We don 't want your stuff . We just want to ask you a few questions . No ! No , no , no ! No more questions ! No . No more surveys ! Damn social workers coming around all the time ! No , I don 't need your advice ! I don 't need your ... Voyager I knew you 'd show up . Oh , this is all your fault . This is all your doing ! Captain Braxton ? I told you to turn off your defIector pulse , but you wouldn 't listen to me ! Voyager ! fools ! Captain , what 's happened to you ? The last time we saw you ... I was a younger man , confident in my mission ! But you wouldn 't listen to me . No , you were too concerned with yourselves . You were trying to destroy us . I was trying to save billions of Iives- - to stop a chain of reaction that started with Voyager But it 's too late now . AII things are set in motion . The temporal explosion will occur . The end is coming ! The future 's end ! Captain , how long have you been here- - in the 20th century ? Oh , too long . 30 years too long . And yet we just arrived . Why ? Pure chance . When you knocked my navigation system off course , there 's no telling where we would have ended up . Who 's been here ? Who took my pencils ? Oh ... ! always something missing . people always wanting to steal things . Greedy people ! PostindustriaI barbarians ! Captain , we want to help you , but you 've got to give us more information . You said that Voyager causes the explosion . Yes . No ... and yes . That 's a paradox , my dear . " A " leads to " B " leads to " C " leads to " A. " juvenile minds . Oh , how can I make you understand , huh ? A ) There 's an explosion in the 29th century . Debris from Voyager 's hull is found in evidence . I go back in time to destroy you . B ) You try to stop me , disabling my weapon , which causes me to crash-Iand back here in the 20th century . C ) Someone in this century steals my timeship and launches it . They go into the future , and once there , they make one critical mistake , which causes a temporal explosion that takes us all the way back to " A. " There 's an explosion in the 29th century . The cycle of causality is complete . How do you know all this ? What evidence do you have that it will be your timeship that causes the disaster ? I 've spent 30 years answering that very question . Oh , yes . When the explosion first happened , my sensors recorded a whole variety of chronometric data . The pulses were highly chaotic . At first , I thought it was a warp core implosion , but then I found debris from Voyager and my theory seemed to be confirmed . It was you . But then , someone here stole my timeship . Then it started to dawn on me . If someone were to fly my timeship into the future without recalibrating the temporal matrix , then that could cause the kind of explosion that I witnessed in the 29th century . So it really wasn 't Voyager after all . No . No , no , I reconstructed all the chronometric data as best I couId remember it and it proved that I was right . My ship causes the catastrophe . Which raises the question : Who has your timeship ? StarIing . Henry StarIing , CEO , Chronowerx Industries . PhiIanthropist , entrepreneur , outstanding citizen . Ha ! Before I crashed in the year 1967 , I made an emergency beam-out , but he found my ship before I did in some remote mountain range . I 've been following this corrupt little man ever since , tracking his movements , but he 's become too powerful . I can 't get close to him . Of course , you can 't accomplish anything in this wretched century . Nobody here listens . Do you know that once , they put me in a mental institution and filled me with primitive pharmaceuticals ? ! Maybe we can help you find StarIing and your ship and get us back to where we belong . No , I wouldn 't do that if I were you . Why not ? Haven 't you been listening ? " A " leads to " B " ... Leads to " C " , yes , we heard you . Why shouldn 't we try to stop StarIing ? Because somehow you 're involved in the disaster . That 's why I found debris from Voyager 's hull at the explosion . You will be destroyed as well . Now that we know what 's going to happen , maybe we can figure out ... Hey , Captain . How you doing ? I understand you been putting these signs up around the city again . No . No , no , no . Not me . I ... I would never do that . Why don 't you walk over here and we can talk about it ? You stay right where you are ! You quasi-Cardassian totalitarian ! Hey , look , no need to get upset about this . We just want to talk to you about the signs . Now , there 've been a few people complaining . Captain , tell them I 'm not crazy . tell them I 'm from the future . They came from the future , too , you know . Okay . Yeah , they came in on a starship . AII right . Traitors ! Okay , yeah . Oh , stand by . This is 247-Baker , in foot pursuit of a 51-50 suspect . We 'II have to worry about him later . Right now , we 've got to find StarIing . We 're not quite at the little green men stage yet , but believe me , you 'II be the first to know . What I think we have here is an overenthusiastic young lady . I 'm afraid she 's exaggerating . We don 't have anything . Not yet . Thank you , Professor . You know what that little brat did ? She E-maiIed a friend of hers at JPL . Who called his professor at cal Tech . She 's a security risk . Go to Griffith , get the data , get rid of her . Yes , sir . Dunbar . If it 's true- - if they 're here- - it 's only a matter of time before they find me . There 's no telling what capabilities they 'II have . You may have to use the weapon . I understand . Perhaps we should find a more secluded parking place . This is , after all , a stolen vehicle . Nobody 's around , Tuvok . We 're fine . A taxicab would have been less worrisome and more ethical . We haven 't stolen anything . We borrowed a car and we 'II return it to the dealership as soon as we 're done . I was referring to the ethics of time travel . Somehow , I doubt that taking a test drive is going to alter the course of the universe . Over here . These are radio wave readouts . It looks like radio telescope transmissions . Pretty basic . Lieutenant , you are being careless . - Tuvok ... - I will not Iighten up on this matter . Thus far , I have tolerated your impulsive methods . At times , they do work to our advantage , but discretion is also a virtue . We must leave things exactly as they were . They 've found us , all right . The orbital schematic matches Voyager 's position . According to this data , they are tracking the warp emissions from our engines . Nobody in this century even knows what warp emissions are . nevertheless , it appears they 've configured their telescope to scan for them . Excuse me . " Do not enter " , " employees only " - - the sign on the door ? Uh , I 'm sorry . I think we 're a little lost . We were on the museum tour , and we took a wrong turn at the Saturn exhibit . Perhaps you could tell us how to get back to the lobby . Go back down the hall , take a left at Mars , right at HaIIey 's comet and then just keep going straight ahead past the soda machine , okay ? This lab is , uh ... pretty groovy . Groovy ... What do you do here ? We watch the skies . For what ? Signs of extraterrestrial life . Nice meeting you . My name is Tom Paris , by the way . Rain Robinson . Your curves don 't look so great . Excuse me ? This is a Fourier spectral analysis ? That 's exactly what it is . You know , you might get better resolution if you adjust your amplitude parameters . You 're probably right . Or you might try using a theta band filter . You know a Iot for someone who can 't find his way past Saturn . I majored in astrophysics . Where ? StarfIeet Academy . Never heard of it . Uh , East Coast school . Orgy of the Walking Dead ? ! That 's a classic ! Did you see the sequel , uh ... Bride of the Corpse ? Let me guess . You minored in " B " movies . Something like that . Pardon me , Tom . We should be going . Our friends are waiting for us . Yeah , right . Got to go . Hey . Uh ... I do the planetarium show Tuesday nights , so , uh ... you guys should come by , check it out , bring your friends ... " The best stars in hollywood are right above us . " Yeah , great ... but I think we 're busy on Tuesday . Thanks anyway . No problem . Whoa . I downloaded all of her data into the tricorder and disrupted her data storage device . Good . I hope she doesn 't get in any trouble . It will simply look like a computer malfunction . It 's a shame though . She was about to make the biggest discovery in human history . It could have changed her career . And ended ours . I am curious , Lieutenant . What does it mean- - " groovy " ? Hey ! Hey , you guys ! Red alert ! Hey ! Hey ! Just wait a minute ! What the hell did you do to my computer ? It is screwed up ! The hard drive is wiped . Look , I don 't have time to explain . Who are you people and what is that thing in your pants ? I beg your pardon ? That little gadget you put in your pocket . What is it , a demagnetizer ? Get down ! What the hell ? ! Do you have a car ? Yeah , over there . We will need to use it . Here ! Operations Officer 's Log , supplemental . We 've been on full sensor alert looking for signs that anyone else has detected Voyager As a precaution , I 've also asked NeeIix and Kes to monitor all media broadcasts . We 've set up a computer algorithm to search for key words and phrases- - anything that might indicate Voyager Anything so far ? Not yet . although we have come across some very intriguing televised broadcasts . Take a look at this . It 's a form of entertainment called a soap opera . The exploration of human relationships is fascinating . Hmm . I can 't imagine just watching the story and not being a part of it . That 's because you 've been spoiled by the holodeck . There 's something to be said for noninteractive stories like this- - being swept away in the narrative . Oh , I can 't wait to see if BIaine 's twin brother is the father of Jessica 's baby . Good work . Keep me informed and don 't get too swept away . Uh , aye , sir . Nobody 'II know the difference . I 'II know , Sharon . He 's my brother . How can I face him knowing that our son is his son ? AII you need to know , Jack , is that I Iove you . So far , so good . We haven 't set off any alarms . Our Mr. StarIing has built himself quite a corporate empire . Looks like he 's got wealth , celebrity ... and an ego to match . I see you never learned to type . Turn-of-the-miIIennium technology wasn 't a required course at the Academy . This is like stone knives and bearskins . well , this isn 't . I 'm detecting a force field . I can 't scan beyond this wall . I don 't see an access port or a control panel . Maybe we can find something in his computer . He 's got a massive database here , but it 's protected by an encryption sequence . I 'm going to try interfacing my tricorder . Looks like a series of pictographs . They must have used symbols to represent the different functions of the computer . Let 's see what Henry 's been up to all these years . The transtators were disrupted by that energy weapon . Our communicators are useless . That means we can 't call the ... our friends . What do we do now ? You 're going to take a right at the next light and a left at the taco stand , 'cause you 're taking me home . And you 're not keeping the van . I am afraid that is not possible , Miss Robinson . Your life may be in danger . I 'm going to pop this hatch and I 'm going to start screaming until you tell me what 's going on . Who are you ? What is that thing in orbit ? Why did that guy try to kill us ? I told you we 're secret agents . I 'm opening the hatch . Look , we saved your life . Isn 't it obvious we 're on your side ? I 'm standing up . I 'm taking a deep breath ! Rain , you 're not going to scream ! Now , I know you 're frightened and you 've seen some pretty strange things , but you have to trust me . We 're not going to hurt you and I will explain everything . It 's either that or take your chances with the guy who tried to vaporize you ! The UFO- - what is it ? It 's a Soviet spy satellite . Part of a massive KGB operation . We 're trying to stop it . Soviet ? The USSR broke up five years ago . The KGB doesn 't even exist anymore . That 's what they 'd Iike you to think . Perhaps we 've told her enough for now . What about you , Agent Tuvok ? What 's up with those ears ? Thought I didn 't notice ? I did . What about your weapons ? What are they- - Iasers ? I 'm sorry . That information is classified , and as for my ears , they are a family trait . He 's very sensitive about them . Oh , whatever . We must find a way to contact our ... friends . incredible . StarIing 's computer designs were inspired by technology from the timeship . He introduced the very first isograted circuit in 1969 , two years after Braxton 's ship crash-Ianded . And every few years , there 's been an equally revolutionary advance in computers- - all from Chronowerx Industries , all based on StarIing 's crude understanding of 29th-century technology . Are you thinking what I 'm thinking , Chakotay ? I wish I weren 't . The computer age of the late 20th century ... ShouIdn 't have happened . But it did , and it 's part of our history , all because of that timeship . Look at this . Gantry , power conduits , telemetry consoles . This looks like a design for a launching bay . Braxton was right . The ship 's going to be launched . We 've got to send these schematics to Voyager for analysis . Janeway to Voyager Kim here , Captain . We 're in starling 's office . I want you to establish a com-Iink with my tricorder and try to upload his computer database . Aye , Captain . We 'II need a few minutes to reconfigure to their binary system . acknowledged . Let 's see if we can find out where the location of that launch pad is . You 're really getting the hang of this . I 'm a quick study . You know , Captain , in a way , Braxton was right . If we hadn 't fought him when he tried to destroy Voyager , he wouldn 't have been pulled back in time , his ship wouldn 't have crash-Ianded on Earth and none of this would have happened . Time travel . Since my first day on the job as a starfleet Captain , I swore I 'd never let myself get caught in one of these godforsaken paradoxes . The future is the past , the past is the future . It all gives me a headache . hold on . This looks promising . Try " timeship security portal . " Maybe it 's linked to some sort of surveillance system . An image of the launch bay would give us a clue to its location . I see you 've made yourself at home . welcome to the 20th century . I know who you are . You 're from the future . I knew you 'd come back one day . I detected your vessel in orbit and Mr. Dunbar , here , had a run-in with your friends . You 're here to take the timeship . Mr. StarIing , you 're about to cause a terrible disaster that will affect the 29th century , an explosion that will cost billions of lives . We 're here to stop you from doing that . What are you talking about ? If you launch that ship and travel to the future , it will destroy Earth 's solar system . How do you know this ? well , Iet 's just say , we talked to the ship 's previous owner . He told us that if its temporal matrix isn 't precisely calibrated , you 'II trigger a temporal explosion . That ship shouIdn 't be here . It belongs to another century . We have to take it back . What 's that ? It 's a communication device . Someone 's trying to contact me . Answer it . Janeway here . Captain , we 've established the com-Iink . Ready to upload on your signal . Do it . My database . Stop or I 'II kill your Captain . Who is this ? You 've got five seconds . Break the link . Done . What 's our transporter status ? The main pattern buffers are still off-Iine . We can try an emergency transport from a lower orbit . That 's exactly what the Captain ordered us not to do . We 'd be risking detection . Harry , we can 't worry about that now . Their lives are in danger . And if somebody sees a starship flying through the clouds ? The Captain put you in charge . It is your decision . HeIm , get a fix on Chakotay and the Captain . Aye , sir . B 'EIanna , stand by emergency transporters . Get ready to beam them directly to the Bridge . Take us down . You 've taken over 3,000 gigabytes of information including my launch plan , but that 's not going to be a problem , Captain . I 'II make a few changes to my travel itinerary . You 're not going to stop me . If you don 't give us that ship , we 'II take it by force . In case you haven 't noticed , I 'm holding the gun . Not for long . I 've got a starship in orbit that could vaporize this entire building in the blink of an eye . And you along with it . If necessary . Captain , you 've got some cojones kill them ! Damn . HeIm , maintain present altitude . Keep us within transporter range . Chakotay , see if you can disable the force field around that timeship . B 'EIanna , prepare to lock on to the timeship and beam it to Cargo Bay 2 . Ensign Kim , you have an impeccable sense of timing . Not bad for your first day in the big chair . The force field 's down . Sir ! The timeship ! They 're trying to teleport the ship . The matter stream is remoduIating . He 's disrupting transport . Yes . Captain , I don 't understand how , but he 's using our transporter beam as a downlink . He 's accessing our main computer . Every time I try to disable his downlink , he comes up with a new command override . StarIing is using 29th-century technology against us . We may not be able to keep up with him . inertial dampers are off-Iine . He 's gotten into our propulsion systems . Disengage transporters . destabilizing matter stream . Transporters off-Iine . We 've terminated the downlink , Captain , but he got at Ieast 20 percent of our main computer data files . Get us back into orbit and I want a full damage ... Captain Janeway ... Henry StarIing here . This is Janeway . USS Voyager- - Intrepid-cIass . Much bigger than I expected ... and much less advanced . Says here your ship was launched in the year ... 237 1 ? You 're from the 24th century ? And here all this time , I thought you were from the 29th . Looks like I have the home-fieId advantage . Ooh , what 's this ? Oh , now , this is intere ... Damage reports are coming in . Some minor power fluctuations in the impulse drive and a few burned-out circuits in the main computer core . Nothing we can 't handle . Sick Bay to Bridge . Captain , I can 't find the Doctor . Is his program off-Iine ? No . His program is gone . Where am I ? Who are you ? welcome . Captain , this is NeeIix . There 's something on the television I think you should see . It 's a current events program . I asked NeeIix to monitor Earth broadcasts . I 'm transferring it to the main viewer . incredible footage was caught just an hour ago by a man using his camcorder to tape a backyard barbecue . The massive , unidentifiable object does not appear to be a meteorite , weather balloon or satellite , and one aviation expert we 've spoken to has stated that it 's definitely not any kind of U.S. aircraft currently in use . We 're awaiting investigation by local authorities , and we 'II keep you updated as news develops on this incredible story ...
