 Turn 90 degrees to the left , please . Turn 90 degrees to the left , please . Turn 90 degrees to the right , please . About face . Try to hold still , please . is it going to hurt ? Of course not . A few photons never hurt anybody . We didn 't do this last year . That 's because last year , I didn 't realize what an exciting tool my holo-imager could be in the pursuit of medical knowledge . is something wrong with me ? Your health is excellent . This is just another way to make sure that it stays excellent . Does my mother have to do this ? Your mother and everybody else on board . I 've made it part of the annual checkup . It 's quite handy , really . By attuning the resonance spectrum along a subspace band , I can take an image of my patients all the way down to the subatomic level . Subatomic level ? I thought you said this wasn 't going to hurt . I did ... and it won 't . There ... see ? Nothing to it . Try to hold still , please . Are you making fun of me ? No . It 'll only take a second to download your images into the medical database , if you 'd like to stay for a moment and see what you look like from the inside out . Why not ? Here we go . Handsome fellow . Hmm . There 's some scar tissue along the base of your lower skull . Computer , isolate the occipital plexus , magnification 500 . There . Scarring along the dura mater . From what ? An operation . Computer , isolate the cranial meninges , magnification 100 . More scarring . No doubt about it , somebody performed neurosurgery . And that somebody ... was me . These microlinear incisions are a dead giveaway . I developed that procedure myself . I don 't understand . I don 't remember having an operation . I 'm a little confused as well ... because I don 't remember performing it . Who is it ? The Doctor . Come in . I 've finished giving the crew their annual physicals . But as usual , the Captain was a no-show . Let 's get it over with . Specific complaints ? None . How 's the crew ? In good health , for the most part . I found a nascent alien retrovirus bouncing between personnel on Decks 10 and 1 1 , but managed to nip it in the bud . And there 's been a little more wear and tear on Seven of Nine 's cranial infrastructure . I 'm going to double her maintenance routine . Cyto-metabolism is normal . Endocrine functions functioning . That 's a relief . I 'd like you to drop by Sick Bay at your earliest convenience . I 've adjusted my holo-imager for deep body scans . You 're the only member of the crew who hasn 't posed for me yet . Maybe next week . It 's a fine instrument , really . I 've already discovered something of a mystery with it . Apparently , I performed a complex neurosurgery on Harry Kim . According to the isotope decay around the scars , it was 18 months ago . I don 't remember that . Neither do I , and ... neither does the patient . I checked my medical entries for that period . There 's no mention of surgery . Could your holo-imager have misinterpreted the scans ? Possibly . The computer is double-checking the data now . I 'd also like to run a complete diagnostic on my own program and have a look at my memory files . B 'Elanna and Harry are both busy with the plasma relay repairs . Let 's make sure you 're next up on the list . Thank you , Doctor . Hello , Seven . Doctor . I 'm here to ask you a favor . Another time . I beg your pardon ? I am recalibrating the deflector dish . Come back tomorrow . I should be finished by then . Looks like I 'm two for two . Oh , the Captain 's acting like she 's allergic to me , and now my prized pupil won 't even give me the time of day . State your request . A little mystery has cropped up- - evidence that I performed surgery on Ensign Kim a year and a half ago , before you came aboard . The trouble is ... I don 't remember it . I wanted you to help me run a self-diagnostic . I will assist you ... in one hour . Fair enough . Computer , locate the Emergency Medical Hologram . The EMH is inactive . Activate him . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . I 'm here to assist you , as I agreed . I 've run a preliminary diagnostic of your program . Your suspicions were correct . I never asked you to run a diagnostic . Suspicions ? What are you talking about ? You don 't recall speaking to me in the Astrometrics Lab one hour ago . No . The last I remember , I was completing the yearly physicals . You mentioned a neurosurgery you performed on Ensign Kim 18 months ago . Computer , locate the holo-scans I took of Ensign Kim this morning . Any operation would show up on ... Unavailable . That file has been deleted . Let 's have a look at my program . A deletion in your short-term memory buffer . Our chat in Astrometrics never got filed . That 's why I can 't remember it . Hmm ... lf l were given to paranoia , I 'd say someone is trying to keep me from finding out what happened 18 months ago . Hmm ... My photo album . Doctor ... I was quite a shutterbug back then . Not a day went by when I didn 't record an image for posterity . Let 's have a walk down memory lane . Let 's have a walk down memory lane . Meet me on Holodeck 2 . Computer , display all holo-images taken on Stardate 50979 . Those holo-images have been deleted . Deleted ? By whom ? Unknown . I 'm detecting residual photons in the holo-buffer . It may be possible to partially reconstruct the images . Try . I 've restored five images . They are degraded but intact . Let 's see them . The Mess Hall . Do you remember this ? No . Who is that ? The Ensign . It seems to be her birthday . I 've never seen her before . The Ensign again . I never went on a shuttle mission with Harry Kim and certainly not with her . And again . I 've isolated your memory files from Stardate 50979 . They weren 't deleted ? No . Then why can 't I remember them ? The program was rewritten to deny you access to those memories . I 'm trying to restore them . Here , here . Here , here . Say , " Cheese . " Cheese . Cheese . What happened ? I was in the Mess Hall . The files are difficult to localize . The memories will be out of sequence . What was that ? Our sensors are dead . Make a wish . They 've stopped . One moment . Make a wish . I 'm going to kill you . Ensign , I haven 't seen you in months . The price I pay for staying in good health , I guess . Acetylcholine- - 25 microliters . It 's not helping . I 'm reading massive synaptic failure . That doesn 't make any sense . This is the last one . Say , " Cheese . " - Cheese . - Cheese . Call the Captain . I don 't recognize this species . Seven ? They are unknown to the Borg . Perhaps these images have been manipulated . No . They 're real . The image buffer would 've shown signs of tampering . I have a different theory . I believe there was an attack on Voyager by this species and all our memories of the event were erased . This is the unknown crewman I told you about- - Ensign Jetal . The question is : Who was she ? An alien intruder posing as a Starfleet Ensign ? Of course , it 's impossible to tell from a photograph , but one thing is certain- - we are in immediate danger . How so ? Only a few hours ago , as I was beginning this investigation , someone shut down my program and eliminated all my memories of the last 24 hours . An intruder may be on board . Run a deck-by-deck security sweep . Understood . Report to the Astrometrics Lab and recalibrate the sensors . See if you can detect any cloaked vessels nearby . I 'll review the medical records of the rest of the crew . Ensign Kim may not have been the only one who was injured during the attack . No. I want you to deactivate yourself for now . We 'll erect a security field around the main computer and encrypt all pathways leading to your program . If someone does try to tamper with you again , I want to be ready . Captain ... lt 's for your own safety , Doctor . Thank you for bringing this to my attention . You will keep me informed ? Absolutely . Dismissed . Computer ... transfer my program from the mobile emitter to the Sick Bay systems . Transfer complete . Computer ... Duplicate all of my memory files recorded within the last 48 hours . Duplication complete . Now ... I 'm going off-line . If my program is altered without my authorization , reactivate me and restore the duplicate memory files . lnterface with the holo-imaging device . If anybody enters this room , commence imaging in five-second intervals . Acknowledged . Computer , deactivate EMH . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Hello ? Restoring memory files . Restoration complete . Believe me , I was there . So was I . Commander Chakotay is correct . Oh ? And how would you know ? In my youth , I studied many forms of martial art , ln my youth , I studied many forms of martial art , including the sumo of Earth . I 've followed the sport ever since . It was the 77th Emperor 's Cup . Takashi forced Kar-pek out of the circle in less than three seconds . I had a fifth row seat . Then you must have been ordering sake , because Takashi 's knee broke the sand and the referee gave the match to Kar-pek . Exactly . If this is another house call , it 'll have to wait . As you can see , I 've got a mutiny on my hands . A mutiny ? I suppose that 's better than a conspiracy . Doctor . Tell her , Captain . Describe how you tampered with my program , how it was you all along . Perhaps you should accompany me to Sick Bay , Doctor . Et tu , Tuvok ? You 're conspiring against me , all of you . Why ? In my ready room . You 've been manipulating my program . Don 't deny it . I don 't intend to . But ... the alien ship ... the intruder ... Did that attack actually happen ? Yes . You were damaged during the incident . " Damaged " ? It caused a conflict in your programming that couldn 't be resolved . What kind of conflict ? I had no choice but to deny you access to your memories of those events . What kind of conflict ? ! If I told you that , I might set the whole thing in motion again . This " conflict " in my programming ... Yes ? that 's not good enough . It 'll have to be . Captain ! I 've made a command decision for your own benefit and the welfare of this entire crew . I 'm not willing to debate it . How would you like it if I operated on you without your consent or without your knowledge ? If the operation saved my life ? I could live with it . I don 't believe you . You 'd feel as violated as I do right now . Whether you believe me or not is beside the point . A year and a half ago , the only solution was to rewrite your program . I have to perform that same procedure now . That isn 't fair . You 're malfunctioning and you need to be repaired . Return to Sick Bay and wait for my orders . Doctor . What 's happening ? What are you doing ? Lieutenant Torres requires a copy of your most recent memory files , including the backups . You 're going to rewrite my program . The Captain thinks it 's for the best . I 'm sorry . B 'Elanna and Seven are setting up the procedure right now . In the meantime , you 're to brief Mr. Paris about any experiments you 're performing , any tests . I 'll be filling in while your program 's off-line . Okay . So , you 're running some kind of cell analysis ? Yes . Well , let 's take a look . What happened 18 months ago ? Doc ... Why won 't the Captain tell me ? She has her reasons . And you agree with her ? I was there ... and , yes , I agree with her . Come in . Are you having a little trouble regenerating ? My alcove is functioning properly . I am having trouble with the nature of individuality . There 's a time and a place for philosophical discussion . 2 : 00 in the morning in my quarters isn 't one of them , but I 'll tell you what . Meet me in the Mess Hall tomorrow ... Tomorrow will be too late . We 'll have already rewritten the Doctor 's program by then . And violated his rights as an individual . Precisely . If you 've come to act as my conscience , you 're a little late . I considered these issues 18 months ago , as I did again this morning . I came to the same conclusion . Your conclusion is wrong . Coffee , black . Lukewarm . Now I 've told that replicator a dozen times about the temperature of my coffee . It just doesn 't seem to want to listen ... almost as if it 's got a mind of its own , but it doesn 't . A replicator operates through a series of electronic pathways that allow it to receive instructions and take appropriate action , and there you go- - a cup of coffee , a bowl of soup , a plasma conduit- - whatever we tell it to do . As difficult as it is to accept ... the Doctor is more like that replicator than he is like us . than he is like us . He would disagree . I 'm sure he would , but I can 't let that change my decision . I learned that the hard way when his program almost self-destructed . I won 't take that risk again . The risk isn 't yours to take . If one of my crew chose to put a phaser to his own head , should I let him ? It would depend on the situation . It always depends on the situation , Seven , but we can debate philosophy another time . When you separated me from the collective , I was an unknown risk to your crew , yet you kept me on board , you allowed me to evolve into an individual . You 're a human being . He 's a hologram . And you allowed that hologram to evolve as well , to exceed his original programming , and yet , now you choose to abandon him . Objection noted . Good night . It is unsettling . You say that I am a human being and yet , I am also Borg ... part of me not unlike your replicator ... not unlike the Doctor . Will you one day choose to abandon me as well ? I have always looked to you as my example- - my guide to humanity . Perhaps I 've been mistaken . Good night . I 'd like to think I made my decision 18 months ago for all the right reasons . The truth is , my own biases about what you are have just as much to do with it . At the very least , you deserve to know exactly what happened ... if you 're willing . I 'm ready . You 're standing on my foot . I am not . Shh ... lf you ask me , they should have just locked the turbolift ... Neelix ... the power 's down . Jetal to Torres . Uh , go ahead , Ensign . Or should I say ... Surprise ! I 'm going to kill you . I want you to go along on a few of the shuttle surveys ... if I can talk you into it . Another away mission ? Certainly . I 'm flattered . I guess the birthday girl and I get the pleasure of your company , Doc . You launch at 1900 hours , Shuttle Bay 1 . Hello , Doctor . Ensign Jetal . I haven 't seen you in months . The price I pay for staying in good health . So , keeping busy down on Deck 1 1 ? Too busy . We 're modifying one of the shuttles , making it more maneuverable and more ... cool . Hmm ... I see you 've been working with Mr. Paris . My condolences . I thought I picked up a slight distortion in subspace , but it 's not there anymore . Nothing on our long-range sensors , but a few hydrogen atoms . Candid shot ? Try to look natural . At least it 's my good side . Let 's get one of the group . This is the last one . Say " Cheese . " Cheese . Doctor , I have a shuttle to fly . Ah , yes . What was that ? Our sensors are dead . Power 's being drained . Shields and weapons are off-line . How ? ! Doctor to Voyager . Mayday . We 're under attack ! I 've got wounded . Mayday ! Acknowledged , Doctor . Set navigational controls to return to Voyager . Commander , can you hear me ? Doctor , please respond . Hello ? ! Computer , engage auto navigation . Lay in a course for Voyager , full impulse . Doctor ... Stay calm . That weapon carried quite a punch . is she okay ? She 's unconscious . Voyager ... We 've lost contact . I sent that alien back to his ship . You think they 'd be grateful . You should have beamed ... him ... into space . I 'm not in the business of killing people , Ensign . Synaptic shock ... ? But there was no neural damage . Mr. Kim ! I don 't understand ! Oh , no ! Doctor , stand by for transport . Beam us directly to Sick Bay . Prepare these people for surgery . Here , what happened ? We were fired on . There 's something wrong with their nervous systems . We 've got to stabilize their synapses . Get me a choline compound . Which choline compound ? It doesn 't matter . Just make sure it 's a pure base . Her spinal cord 's deteriorating . Same rate of collapse . Acetylcholine- - 25 microliters . It 's not helping . I 'm reading massive synaptic failure . This doesn 't make any sense . Paris to Engineering . Transfer all available power to Sick Bay . Acknowledged . Some kind of plasmic energy is arcing between their neural membranes . That weapon ... it was designed to do this . To leave a residual charge in the victim 's body ? An energy pulse that remains in the neural membranes , working its way up the spinal cord and into the brain . They 'll be dead in minutes if we don 't find a way to stop it . I 've got to protect their brain functions . His neocortex is failing . A spinal shunt . I 'll isolate the spinal cord from the brain stem ... until I can repair the cellular damage . But I don 't have time to perform the procedure on both of them . Then talk me through it . We 'll do them together . It 's too complex . Then make a choice , before we lose them both ! Subdermal scalpel . Bioelectric field generator . His vital signs are stabilizing ... lt 's working . Cellular regenerator . His neural membranes are reestablishing themselves . Good ... good . The attack ... how did it end ? Were there more casualties ? We exchanged fire for another few minutes , then the aliens withdrew . There was only one casualty ... Ensign Jetal . I don 't mean to seem unfeeling , but I 'm programmed to accept the loss of a patient with professional detachment . We are assembled here today to pay final respects to our honored dead ... Ensign Ahni Jetal . Her intelligence and her charm have made our long journey home seem not quite so long . As she continues on a journey of her own , we will keep her in our hearts ... and in our memories . We 're low on synthetic antigens and I 'm sorry to report , many of the medicinal plants you 've collected over the past several months were destroyed as well . I have some herbs in storage you might be able to use . Been holding out on me ? No . I was keeping them around just in case . Good planning . As for the antigens , I 'll have to start replicating them in batches . Which do you want first ? Decisions , decisions . How do you make a decision , Mr. Neelix ? In general , I mean . I guess I weigh the alternatives and try to decide which is best . Which is best ? How do you determine that ? I never thought about it , really . Well , maybe you should- - think about it , I mean . I guess every situation is a little different . For me , it 's rather simple . While I 'm faced with a decision , my program calculates the variables and I take action . For example , what could be simpler then a triage situation in Sick Bay ? Two patients , for example , both injured , for example , both in imminent danger of dying . Calculate the variables . My program needs to ascertain which patient has the greater chance of survival , and that 's the one I treat . - Oh ! - Oh ! Simple . But ... what if they have an equal chance of survival ? What then ? Hmm ? Flip a coin ? Pick a card ? Doctor ... Oh , I 'm all right . I 'm a hologram . I don 't get injured . I don 't feel pain . I don 't die . Unlike some people I could tell you about . For example , two patients , both injured , both in imminent danger of ... Don 't touch me . I 'm a hologram . Photonic energy . Don 't waste your time . Neelix to Security . Send a team to the Mess Hall , please . A whole team , Mr. Neelix ? Throwing a little party , are we ? Why , I attended a party just recently . A birthday party for a very nice young woman . I made a decision there , too . Several of them , in fact . When I came through the door , do I turn right or do I turn left ? As I recall , I decided on ... the latter . Then , what should I see before me , but the hors d 'oeuvre tray ? And another decision- - " Do I take a canapé ... or refuse ? " Oh . That 's an easy one . I 'm a hologram- - l don 't eat . Something 's wrong with him . Don 't you know it 's rude to refer to somebody in the third person ? You had a choice , Mr. Neelix- - " Should I do something rude or not do something rude ? " Doctor , we must return to Sick Bay . Why should I ? What if I don 't want to return to Sick Bay ? What if I decide not to return to Sick Bay ? No. I don 't choose this . Leave me alone ! Let me go ! Why did she have to die ? Why did I kill her ? ! Why did I decide to kill her ? ! Why ? ! Somebody tell me why ! It was downhill from there . You developed a feedback loop between your ethical and cognitive subroutines . You were having the same thoughts over and over again . We couldn 't stop it . Our only option was to erase your memories of those events . You were right . I didn 't deserve to keep those memories ... not after what I did . You were performing your duty . Two patients- - which do I kill ? - Doctor ... - " Doctor " ? Hardly . A doctor retains his objectivity . I didn 't do that , did I ? Two patients , equal chances of survival , and I chose the one I was closer to ? I chose my friend ? That 's not in my programming . That 's not what I was designed to do ! Go ahead ! Reprogram me ! I 'll lend you a hand ! Let 's start with this very day , this hour , this second ! Computer , deactivate the EMH . Here we go again . Captain ? It 's as though there 's a battle being fought inside him ... between his original programming and what he 's become . Our solution was to end that battle . What if we were wrong ? We 've seen what happens to him . In fact , we 've seen it twice . Still ... we allowed him to evolve , and at the first sign of trouble ... We gave him a soul , B 'Elanna . Do we have the right to take it away now ? We gave him personality subroutines . I 'd hardly call that a soul . Captain . I 'm having trouble ... with the nature of individuality . You require a philosophical discussion . There 's a time and a place for it . This is one of them . After I freed you from the collective ... you were transformed . It 's been a difficult process . Was it worth it ? I had no choice . That 's not what I asked you . If I could change what happened ... erase what you did to me ... would I ? No . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Our Doctor is now our patient . It 's been two weeks since I 've ordered a ' round-the-clock vigil . A crew member has stayed with him at all times , offering a sounding board and a familiar presence , while he struggles to understand his memories and his thoughts . The chances of recovery- - uncertain . The more I think about it , the more I realize there 's nothing I could 've done differently . What do you mean ? The primordial atom burst , sending out its radiation , setting everything in motion . One particle collides with another , gases expand , planets contract and before you know it , we 've got starships and holodecks and ... chicken soup . In fact , you can 't help but have starships and holodecks and chicken soup , because it was all determined 20 billion years ago ! There is a certain logic to your logic . Progress ? I 'm not sure if he 's making any sense of this experience , or if his program 's just running in circles . You 've been here for 16 hours . Let me continue while you rest . I 'll be all right . Go back to the Bridge . How can you read at a time like this ? It helps me think . Think ? What do you need to think about ? You . This book is relevant to your situation . Oh ? What is it ? Poetry ... written on Earth a thousand years ago- - La Vita Nuova . La Vita Nuova- - " The New Life " ? Ha ! Tell that to Ensign Jetal . Actually ... I killed her countless times . I killed her countless times . What do you mean ? Causality , probability . For every action , there 's an infinite number of reactions , and in each one of them , I killed her ! Or did I ? Too many possibilities ... too many pathways for my program to follow ... impossible to choose ... Still , I ... I can 't live with the knowledge of what I 've done . I can 't . Captain ? - Captain ? - Oh , sorry . How could you sleep at a time like this ? Well , it 's been a long day . You were saying ... ? What 's wrong ? Nothing . You 're ill . I have a headache . Fever . You have - a fever . - l 'll live . - Medical emergency ! - Doctor ... Someone 's got to treat you immediately . Call Mr. Paris . You 've got to get to Sick Bay ! Doctor ... I 'm a little busy right now ... helping a friend . I ... I 'll be all right . Go . Sleep . Please . I 'll still be here in the morning . Sure ? Yes . Please . I don 't want to be responsible for any more suffering . Good night . If you need anything ... I 'll call . Thank you , Captain . " ln that book which is my memory ... " On the first page of the chapter " that is the day when I first met you ... Appear the words , 'Here begins a new life . " '
