 Let me guess . Someone broke into the van last night while I was sleeping , tried to snatch the stereo . You bravely fought them off and now you 're repairing the damage . That 's exactly what happened . My hero . What 's it like ? Life as a spy , I mean . classified . Oh , right . I forgot . But you said " secret agent " and nobody says secret agent . And you do that a Iot . You get things not quite right ... like you don 't belong here . Rain , you 're fantasizing . And you 're insulting my intelligence . Yesterday afternoon , I picked up a UFO in orbit . Today , my Iife is completely out of control , so don 't think I 'm too stupid to notice . I apologize . Accepted . would you also accept that there are lives at stake here ? The more you keep asking me questions , the more difficult you make things ... for everybody . I 'II try . So ... why 'd you become an astronomer ? My brother . Had a teIescope- - a little refractor . You could barely see in the tree house next door actually , but ... it was enough . It was enough to see the rings of Saturn . I remember ... I remember I used to think that they looked like ... jeweIs from a pirate 's treasure . AII I ever wanted since then was to ... reach up and touch them . Good morning . Agent Tuvok , what 's up ? Breakfast is up . Have you made any progress ? I think so . ChiIi burritos , footIong hot dogs and goliath guIps . This is not a breakfast . This is an afternoon at Dodger Stadium . And that is a non sequitur . would you please hand me a burrito ? Everything you guys do is just a little bit off . These things are kind of ... crude . So much for sending a locator signal . There is another option . The radio dish at the observatory . We could use the same setup ... The same setup that I used to send that message to your ... whatever it is up in orbit . We will require your assistance . No kidding . well ? Not on an empty stomach . StarIing downloaded nearly 20 percent of our computer core while we were trying to beam the timeship out of his building . I 'm replacing those programs as quickly as I can , but some of it isn 't retrievabIe . Like the Doctor . There 's literally nothing left of him . He 's just ... gone . unfortunately , the Doctor is only one of our problems . Our weapons are off-Iine . Tuvok and Paris are still missing somewhere in Los angeles , and we 've confirmed Captain Braxton 's hypothesis . If StarIing does attempt a flight to the future , it will most likely end in disaster . Captain , I 've analyzed Braxton 's ... uh , schematic . The temporal technology is incredibly complex . No matter how much a genius this StarIing might be , he is not a trained pilot from the 29th century . Without the exact calibration , that ship will rip the time-space continuum apart . The instant he jumps to the 29th century , there won 't be a 29th century- - not for Earth , anyway . The entire solar system will be destroyed . I want that timeship . Long-range transporters are still down . We 'd have to drop out of orbit again . Captain , I strongly recommend against that . The more legitimate news organizations have apparently decided that the Voyager image is fraudulent . However , I 've also been monitoring more official channels , and the United States military is taking things just a little more seriously . If we risk another pass through the lower atmosphere , there 's a chance of getting intercepted by the Air Force . If we can 't get to the ship ... maybe we can get to the man . Torres , I want you to ... Captain Janeway , I 'm receiving a transmission from Lieutenant Tuvok , audio only . Mr. Tuvok , report . Lieutenant Paris and I are at the Griffith Observatory in the hollywood hills . We have modified the satellite dish transmitter to carry and receive Voyager communication frequencies . I regret the bad connection . It 's quite all right , Mr. Tuvok . What 's happened ? We have become associated with a young woman employed at the astronomical laboratory . It was she who sent the message to Voyager , but her lab is under the supervision of an individual named Henry StarIing . Oh , we 've met Mr. StarIing . He has the timeship , and he 's the one who will cause the disaster in the 29th century . Then it wouId seem we must find a way to stop him . tell me about this young woman . Can we trust her ? She and Lieutenant Paris appear to be bonding on a cross-cuIturaI level . I would have to say yes . Ask if she 'd be willing to help us . How 's it going ? I find your interest in my weII-being to be less than genuine . Try to be a little more grateful , Doc . The schematics I downloaded from your ship indicated you were stuck in the Sick Bay 24 hours a day . I recently suffered a severe program loss and I 'm still in the process of retrieving my memory files , but apparently , on a few occasions , I have been projected into other locations . undoubtedly , you are using a similar procedure . My holographic simulator . We use it to test our new microchip designs . I projected you through the emitters in the office . Your program really isn 't very sophisticated . That is a matter of opinion . Now , would you please return me to my vessel ? Can 't do that . Not yet . I 've a few questions I want answered . If you have need of medical expertise , I would refer you to a more local physician . AII Captain Janeway 's talk about a disaster I caused is just smoke . You came here to steal my timeship . That is simply not the case . That timeship is from the 29th century- - technology 500 years more advanced than anything you 've got . You 'd love to get your hands on it . You figured I 'd be an easy target- - some backwards 20th-century NeanderthaI who doesn 't know what he 's got , but you found out otherwise , didn 't you ? A paranoid response indicative of bipolar personality disorder . If my history is accurate , Southern california in the late 20th century had no shortage of psychotherapists- - competent and otherwise . I suggest you find one . Now ... return me to Voyager I 've learned your weapons are damaged , your ship 's teleporter is haIf-shot , but I didn 't get all the personnel files . I have to know my enemy . Give me Captain Janeway 's psychological profile . I 'm a doctor , not a data base . I 'd say you 're a little bit of both . Start talking . Or suffer the consequences ? hardly . I 'm a hologram . I experience neither pain ... nor fear of death . You have no means of coercing me . Pain . It 's an interesting sensation , isn 't it ? I ... I never realized ... How unpleasant it could be ? This is what burning feels like . For a human to experience what you 're going through right now , he 'd have to be on fire . How ? By reconfiguring your tactile response sensors . Easy as proverbial pie . feeling more cooperative ? I 'm in a meeting , Dave . Put her through . Mr. StarIing . Oh , my God , I 'm so scared . They 're going to find me . I don 't know what to do . Take it easy , Rain . Everything 's okay . Everything 's not okay . people are shooting at me . They 're going to find me . I don 't know what to do . Yes , you do . You 're going to jump in a cab and come to my office . You 'II be safe here . No , they 'II find me . Where are you ? Metro plaza ... by the fountain . please come get me . please . I 'II send somebody . No ! You . I 'm really scared . I 'II be right there . He bought it ... sort of . What do you mean ? I don 't know . His voice sounded a little suspicious . Pack a lunch , Doc . We 're going for a walk . In case you have forgotten , I can only appear in a room equipped with a holographic projection system . In short , I 'm going nowhere . Interferometric dispersion is on Iine . That should take care of any radar detection . And I 've configured the shields to disguise our visual profile . unless somebody gets right on top of us , we should look like a small 20th-century aircraft . Transporters are on Iine . We should be within range in about ten minutes . You can see the entire Baja peninsula . I 'd forgotten how beautiful the view is from this altitude . I never thought I 'd see it again . You trained as a pilot in North America , didn 't you ? That 's right . My first year at the Academy . Then I went to Venus for a couple of months to Iearn how to handle atmospheric storms , and then I dodged asteroids for a semester in the belt . It sounds like you had a Iot more fun at the Academy than I did . I remember dodging a few punches in the lab . only you , B 'EIanna , could start a brawl in Astro-theory 101 . I guess I was just a little more ... enthusiastic in those days . I guess so . Chakotay ... what if we 're stuck here ? What if we can 't find a way back ? There are still a few isolated places left in this century . We 'd have to keep low profiles . We 'd have to get jobs . I 've thought about pursuing archaeology fuII-time . Maybe I couId teach at a university , or work on one of the important digs in central America . There were still a Iot of important discoveries to be made in this century . I couId win a nobel prize . So much for a Iow profile . What about you ? " highly qualified KIingon seeks position as engineer . " I 'd hire you in a second . Let 's start our descent . Approach course laid in . full power to thrusters . Watch out for birds . Paris to Chakotay . Go ahead . StarIing 's arrived , with the Doctor . What ? How is that possible ? I don 't know . Are you within range ? almost . Another two minutes . I don 't know , Doc ... you were awfully quiet on the ride over here . I 'm not programmed to make small talk . Maybe just a little bit anxious about being out in the real world . It 's just another environment to me . Mind your manners , Doc . If your shipmates start any trouble , you 'II be hoIo-dust . I 've trianguIated the position of the van , Chakotay . Stand by for tricorder uplink . You 'II be able to lock on the moment StarIing is inside . Mr. StarIing , I 'm so glad you 're here . tell your new friends to come out or their colleague here is going to die . What are you talking about ? Let 's go . Oh , my van is this way . We 're taking my car . well ... I Ieft my stuff in the van . I 'II send somebody back for it . Is there a problem ? Nope . He 's heading in the wrong direction . They 're not going to the van . Mr. Chakotay , there is a problem . That ... that 's the guy that tried to kill me . No , he was trying to rescue you . Where are we going ? To my office . You 'II be safe there . Office , right . We 're recaIibrating StarIing 's position . You 're going to have to take him out of his own car . There may not be enough time . I 've determined the coordinates . Now , Chakotay ! We 've got a lock on StarIing 's position . Energizing . Dunbar , take the surface streets . The 101 's a nightmare this time of ... Oh , my God ! Run ! Pattern buffer 's overloading . He 's activated some kind of device . It 's interfering with the transport . Hmm ! Are you all right ? I guess so . Doctor ... ? I 've been equipped with an autonomous , seIf-sustaining , mobile hoIo-emitter . In short , I am footIoose and fancy-free . Captain , we 've got StarIing in our transporter buffers , but we can 't remateriaIize him . The interference is disrupting computer pathways . Aft thrusters are down . Captain , we 're close enough to the shuttle to use the short-range transporter . Janeway to Transporter Room 1 . Lock directly on to the shuttle 's pattern buffers and energize . acknowledged . Chakotay , we 're taking over from here . Mr. Kim , Iet 's go . The buffers are purged . They 've taken StarIing off our hands . We 're losing altitude . He 's got what looks like a tricorder . It 's putting out some kind of interference signal . I 'm isolating it and suppressing the amplitude . Got him . Damn it . Janeway to Sick Bay . medical emergency in Transporter Room 1 . acknowledged , Captain . propulsion is off-Iine . Voyager , we 're going down . Where are we ? This one looks like an Indian . And that one ... I don 't know what her story is . What 's that thing on her head ? careful , Butch . She looks like a fighter . Who are you ? You first . Are you spying on us ... Chief ? No . Just passing by . In your new stealth plane ? Who sent you ? Nobody sent us . We had engine trouble . I don 't believe her . They 're wearing military uniforms , flying a secret plane . They 're coming for us . " USS " equals federal government . The federal government is the beast . We are not from the beast . Just take us to our plane . Shut up ! That 'II be all ! call for reinforcements . It 's going to be a Iong day . I 've gone out with guys who 've disappeared into thin air on the first date . I assume she is speaking figuratively . But I have never actually seen it happen , and you , Mr. Leisure Suit ... There 's a name I hadn 't considered . That guy punched you a bunch of times . You should have a black eye or a swollen lip , a broken nose . Try to relax . You appear to be ... haIIucinating . Oh , is that what I am ? I 'm hallucinating . Rain , I 'm sorry you got dragged into all this . Tuvok here . Tuvok , we 've got StarIing , but we 've lost contact with Chakotay and Torres . Their shuttle went down over Arizona . Mr. Kim is transmitting the coordinates to your tricorder . I want you to find them . Aye , Captain . Tuvok out . Mr. StarIing is under control . I suggest you return to Chronowerx and continue the business there . The Doctor and I must make our way to Arizona . He suffered minor synaptic stress during the extended transport , enough to cause unconsciousness , but not any permanent damage . Can you bring him out of it ? Yes , Captain . welcome to the 24th century . I took the precaution of removing your tricorder . That 's what it 's called , by the way . It didn 't work . It should have blocked your ship 's teleporter . It works perfectly . You just don 't know how to use it . Give me some credit , Captain . I did pretty well for a primitive . well , that 's all over now . I 've won , so disable the force field around Chronowerx . I want that timeship . You 're in no position to be making any demands , Captain . On the contrary . What are you going to do- - shoot me ? The thought has crossed my mind . well , it wouldn 't get you anything . I 've rigged the timeship . If you try to teleport it again , if you even go near it , Los angeles will look like the face of the moon . You 'd destroy an entire city ? You don 't care about the future . You don 't care about the present . Does anything matter to you , Mr. StarIing ? The betterment of mankind . It doesn 't look like that . Why do you think I want to go to the future ? A vacation ? To get more technology . That 's why you 're launching the timeship . I 've cannibaIized the ship itself as much as I can . There 's nothing left to base a commercial product on . And the future is just waiting to be exploited . You just don 't get it , do you ? I created the microcomputer revolution . Using technology you never should have had . IrreIevant- - my products benefit the entire world . Without me , there would be no laptops , no Internet , no bar code readers . What 's good for Chronowerx is good for everybody . I can 't stop now . One trip to the 29th century , and I can bring back enough technology to start the next ten computer revolutions . If you even attempt to travel to the future , you 'II risk creating a temporal explosion that could cost billions of lives , including your own . I 'm willing to take that risk . In my time ... Mr. StarIing , no human being would dream of endangering the future to gain advantage in the present . Captain , the future you 're talking about- - that 's 900 years from now . I can 't be concerned about that right now . I have a company to run and a whole world full of people waiting for me to make their lives a little bit better . Computer , reactivate force field . Chronowerx stock is about to crash . There are two forces at work in the worId- - the drive toward coIIectivity and the drive toward individuality . You are the former and I am the latter . We told you , we are not from the United States government and we are not ... The beast has many heads and I 'm looking at two of them . Listen , I used to think violence could be the solution to a problem , but it 's not true . You are no patriot . I was a freedom fighter ... so I thought . That gun will get you nowhere . Porter ! They 're coming- - the Feds . How many ? Three cars and a chopper . Two miles up Edgemont Road . This is it , men . Get into position behind the house . Butchie and me 'II take these two . Another clip ? Yeah . There . Looks like your friends out there still believe in violence . Too bad for you . Let 's recap . UFO in orbit , laser pistols , people ... vanishing . I 've seen every episode of Mission : lmpossible You 're not secret agents . I told you , I can 't talk about it . well , you can 't keep a girl from hypothesizing . I 'm a scientist . I 'm thinking ... I 'm thinking alternate dimension . I 'm thinking ... close encounter . Whatever . talk about a motley crew . We have the Doctor- - a guy with the worst , worst taste in clothing I 've ever seen . Tuvok- - what a freakasaurus . Has the guy ever cracked a smile ? Not that I can recall . And you- - Tom Paris . Hmm , sexy ... in a Howdy Doody sort of way . Pretty goofy , although sometimes I think you 're ... .. the smartest man I 've ever met . AII this running around you do- - your mission- - you 're so dedicated , you know ? Like you care about something more than just your own ... little life . Is that so unusual ? Yeah . Whoa . I missed the turn . SATCOM 47 activating . Engage StarIing location sweep . Sweep underway . We 're in Arizona . Chakotay and Torres are 30 kilometers northeast of Phoenix . Good . Get to them as soon as you can . Captain . There 's a transport in progress . What ? StarIing 's gone . He 's beamed to the surface . He 's got some kind of satellite in orbit . It sent a transporter signal through our shields like they weren 't there . Where 's starling now ? Tracking the signal . He 's back at the Chronowerx building . Mr. Dunbar , good work . I think it 's time to get out of here . I guess this is good-bye . I guess it is . Listen ... are you busy tomorrow night ? 'Cause , um ... you know , we should hang together . I can 't . Oh . well , what about this weekend ? Um ... You 're married . absolutely not . Just ... very busy . Oh ... yeah , you got to get back to Mars , right ? Hmm ... Saturn . That 's perfect . I told you I always loved Saturn . So , give me your phone number . Rain ... Tachyon emissions . They 're moving the timeship . Timeship ? What are you talking about ? You wouldn 't mind hanging with me for a while longer , huh ? We want the aircraft and the occupants from the aircraft . Get off my land ! What are they going to do when they find a haIf-KIingon in here ? Who the hell are you two ? ! please stand aside , Officer . I 'm warning both of you ... They 've got Iasers . A black man and some bald guy . God in heaven help us . Divine intervention is ... unlikely . Tuvok 's at the shuttle . He 's starting repairs . Doctor , how ... ? It 's a Iong story , Commander . Suffice it to say , I 'm making a house call . It 's Paris again , Captain . On audio . Status report , Tom . We just turned off the main highway onto a desert road . Hi . This is Rain Robinson . You don 't know me , but the point is , there is zero traffic on this road . They 're going to know we 're following them . Thank you , Miss Robinson . I 'II keep that in mind . Tom , we 've scanned the area . There appears to be a small landing field about ten kilometers ahead of you . It could be his launch site . Stay on him . Our weapons are still off-Iine and Torres hasn 't finished repairing the shuttle . It might all be up to you . I 'II do my best . Paris out . Look out ! Get in behind him . What ? Right off his bumper . A little closer . Forget it . One more meter ! Just shoot ! It 's flooded . Give it a second . well , do you think we got him ? I think so . Come on ! Jump ! Chakotay to Paris . What 's your status ? We 're fine . Good shooting . Wasn 't there supposed to be a timeship in that truck ? I 'm scanning the debris . It was a temporal transponder set to give off tachyon signals . Chakotay to Voyager The timeship 's not here , Captain . It was a ruse . StarIing 's going to launch from a different site . Activate hyper-impuIse . Hyper-impuIse drive engaged . Let 's do it . Command confirmed . The timeship is entering the upper ionosphere . Track his course . Janeway to ShuttIecraft . Return to Voyager immediately . acknowledged , Captain . Phasers are still off-Iine . I 've armed the photon torpedoes , but we still can 't fire them . The launch activation sequencers aren 't responding . I think I can reroute fire command through the helm . There 's no time . Take the Bridge , Mr. Kim . should be second nature - to you by now . - Captain ... Open the access portal to Torpedo Bay 1 . I 'm going in there to reconfigure for manual launch . Captain , with the activation sequencers down , you 'd have to launch from inside the tube . It 's too dangerous . The plasma exhaust ... You have your orders . I 've got the transporters back on Iine . Mr. Paris , stand by . We 're bringing you aboard . acknowledged . Your spaceship 's waiting . I 've never met anyone quite like you ... and I don 't think I ever will . Same here . Say hi to Saturn for me . I will . Initiate temporal inversion . Initiating . Bridge to Janeway . The shuttle 's back on board . Good . I 'm nearly there . Captain , the timeship has jumped to warp 1 . Go to warp . We can 't lose him now . welcome to the Bridge , Doctor . Thank you . It 's a pleasure to be here . Status ? The Captain 's in Torpedo Tube 1 . She 's preparing for a manual launch . Doctor , get down there . How exactly do I get to Torpedo Tube 1 ? Ensign KapIan , go with him . Aye , sir . The timeship is powering its temporal field generator . StarIing will be able to open a rift within seconds . Commander , the field he 's creating- - it 's unstable . If he enters the rift like this , that timeship will create a temporal explosion . Events are occurring just as Captain Braxton predicted . The disaster may well be inevitable . Fate , Tuvok ? I won 't accept that . close to within ten kilometers . We 'II ram him if we have to . Aye , sir . temporal core has reached cascade potential . Penetration point at 96 mark 047 . Janeway to Bridge . I 've reconfigured for manual launch . Arm the torpedo . Torpedo armed . Lock on target . Locked on . hall StarIing . On screen . This is Voyager pull away from the rift . Or what ? Your weapons are down , friend . See you ... sometime . Chakotay to Janeway . Captain , we have no other choice . He 's entering the rift . Fire ! Uh-oh . Captain , I insist you come to Sick Bay . There 'II be plenty of time for that , Doctor . The Bridge is yours , Captain . Is there a chance in hell we can reopen that rift ? Captain ... the rift is opening . There 's something coming out . It 's the timeship . Let 's see it . We are being hailed . On screen . Captain Braxton ? Do you know me ? Yes , unfortunately . You tried to destroy our ship in the 24th century , and the next time we saw you , you were an old man , homeless in 1996 . I never experienced that time-Iine . Then what are you doing here ? In my century , we can scan time- - much as you use sensors to scan space . The temporal Integrity Commission detected your vessel over 20th century Earth . I was sent to correct that anomaly . Prepare to follow me back into the rift . I 'm returning you to your own time to your previous coordinates in the delta Quadrant . Captain ... we 've been trying to get home to Earth for the Iast two years . Can you return us to our century , but keep us here in the alpha Quadrant ? I 'm sorry . temporal Prime Directive . I 'm afraid you 're on your own . Braxton out . The timeship is reentering the rift . Mr. Paris ... follow him in . Aye , Captain . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50312.5 . We are again in the delta Quadrant at the exact time and place we first encountered the timeship . I 've resumed a course for Earth and I 've ordered the crew to the Mess hall for a toast . Cheers . New beginnings . Here , here . To the future . Here , here . How long will you be out and about , Doctor ? If you 're referring to my newfound mobility , that is entirely up to me . I 'm still trying to figure out exactly how the Doctor 's autonomous emitter works , but it looks like downloading him back into the ship 's computer isn 't going to be much of a problem . apparently , the reverse is also true . I will be able to make use of the emitter as casually as you might slip on a pair of shoes . It 's a little more involved than that . You know , Kes , now that I 'II be to-and-fro , your responsibilities in Sick Bay will increase . I 'm up to the challenge , Doctor , but what about you ? There 's going to be more to your life now than Sick Bay . Nothing I can 't handle . You know , Captain , I 've always wanted a little more privacy . Perhaps under the circumstances , my own quarters . One step at a time , Doctor . You should have seen it when the parking enforcement officer came over to the van . Tuvok tried to use pure VuIcan logic to talk her out of giving us a citation . Did it work ? Of course not . Given Mr. Paris' alleged familiarity with 20th century America , it is a wonder we survived the experience at all . Tuvok ... has anyone ever told you , you 're a real freakasaurus ?
