 Where are you going ? You were doing great . You were in perfect position to deliver the death blow . AII you had to do was follow through . Come on . Let 's try it again . Don 't push me , Tom . Huh ! I am not pushing you . I 'm encouraging you . To do what ? ! Try something new . This martial arts program is the best workout I 've ever had . No , it 's more than that . Working with a bat 'leth is an art . You have to use your mind and body , your movements ... Look , you may find all of this KIingon stuff really fascinating , but I don 't . I 'm not going to waste my time trying to disembowel a bunch of holographic monsters . I only came down here because you tricked me into that stupid bet . would you watch it ! You could take somebody 's head off with that thing . I have tried this , and now I am finished . Got it ? Look , if you don 't like the program , that 's fine , but why do you always have to get so hostile ? I am not hostile ! Where am I ? Paris to Bridge . We have an alien visitor on Deck 6 . What do you want with me ? Why have I been abducted ? We didn 't abduct you . You just appeared here . We had nothing to do with it . What is this place ? You 're on a starship called Voyager Where were you before ? My colony on Nyria III . I was walking home and ... then I was here . What 's wrong ? It 's cold here ... and too bright . Let us take you to Sick Bay . Our Doctor can run some scans . Maybe we can get some answers . I 've increased the temperature to 45 degrees celsius . And the light level should be more comfortable for you now . Yes , thank you . You 're very considerate . I hope you 'II excuse my initial suspicion . This experience has been very unnerving . I 'd feel the same way in your place . Do your people possess technology which could have transported you here ? Not that I know of . I 've heard of other races that have it . Maybe one of them brought me here , but I can 't imagine why . please describe the physical sensation of your experience . First , I felt lightheaded and then everything around me seemed to bend or ripple . There- - there was a moment of blackness and I felt a curious sensation of insects crawling on my skin and then I found myself on your ship . Interesting . I 'II run a microcellular scan for residual energy traces . Can you tell us where your colony is located ? We 're on the third planet of the Nyrian system- - a red giant star with a Iarge cloud of interstellar dust just beyond the fifth planet . Doesn 't sound like any system we 've encountered . unfortunately , our knowledge of this area of space is limited . I 'd Iike you to look at a star chart to see if you recognize any astronomical markers . Of course . In the meantime , my crew has begun scanning the area for any clues about what happened to you . Lieutenant , if you don 't mind . Where is Kes today ? I don 't know . She 's late for her duty shift . Computer , locate Kes . Kes is not on board Voyager When did she leave ? 1 132 hours . What time did our alien visitor come onboard ? 1 132 hours . There 's nothing to indicate that any other ships have been in this area for weeks and the nearest inhabited world is over ten Iight-years away . Whoever or whatever did this had to leave some kind of energy trace . internal sensors aren 't showing anything unusual in the corridor where the Nyrian appeared or at Kes 's last known location . Then let 's concentrate on the time . Run a IeveI-1 analysis on all sensor readings , internal and external taken at the exact moment it happened . I 'II get it started , but it may take a while . You don 't think I 'm hostile , do you ? I , uh ... wouIdn 't describe you that way , no . I know that I have a temper , but that doesn 't mean that I 'm always hostile , does it ? No , of course not . I am forthright ; I speak my mind . That is very different from being hostile . Very different . And if someone described me that way , they 'd be way off the mark , wouldn 't they ? Way off . Then why do you look like you 're afraid for your life ? What is this ? Looks like a surge of polaron particles . localize the source . I 'II try to increase the sensor resolution . You have anything yet ? Harry ? Torres to Bridge . Ensign Kim just disappeared . And we just got another visitor . Mr. Tuvok , have you made any progress ? Increasing the shield strength has had no apparent effect . However , if ... Oh ... welcome to Sick Bay . Take a number . In the Iast three hours , we 've lost 22 of our people . According to the Nyrians , they 've all shown up on their colony as though we 're switching places . I went over our navigational charts with Dammar , but he 's completely unfamiliar with this part of space . For all we know , that colony could be thousands of Iight-years away . Any idea what might be causing these transfers ? I 'm not sure . Harry and I detected a surge of polaron particles right before he disappeared . They created a spatial distortion field around him , but it collapsed as soon as he vanished . could it have been some kind of spatial anomaly ? It could have been anything- - a naturally occurring phenomenon like a wormhole , or a subspace flow field or a kind of technology like our transporters . AII right . Get back to your stations and keep looking . Confine the Nyrians to the cargo bays and post security details at every access point . In all fairness , Captain , they haven 't been threatening in any way . They seem as puzzled by all this as we are . Chakotay , I don 't care how they seem . AII I care about is that I 've had a knot in my stomach since the first Nyrian arrived . Something about this is wrong ; I can smell it . Look at us- - running around the ship checking sensors and spinning theories while the Nyrians slowly replace our crew . Consider this : There has been a consistent interval of nine minutes and 20 seconds between these exchanges . At that rate , our entire crew will be gone in 18 hours . tell me that doesn 't put a knot in your stomach . You have your orders . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50912.4 . It 's been 12 hours since these mysterious exchanges began and we still haven 't discovered their cause . I 've already lost over half my crew . Cargo Bay 2 is almost full . We 'II have to start converting the shuttle bays . Then do it . I want them where we can keep an eye on them . I 'II have to reassign more crew members to security . Our ranks are getting a little thin . Shut down everything but the ship 's essential functions . We 'II be operating on a skeleton crew before long . B 'EIanna , you 've developed a theory about what 's happening . A Nyrian astrophysicist who arrived about an hour ago told me about some strange graviton fluctuations they detected at their colony . I ran some scans on this end and found the same thing . A wormhole ? possibly a baby one . And if I 'm right , one end is opening intermittently inside Voyager We could have passed through it while it was forming and snagged on it somehow . Then how do we get it unsnagged ? well , now that I have this new information I 'd Iike to have another talk with RisIan , the Nyrian scientist . Is NeeIix still helping out with the new arrivals ? I think he 's in Cargo Bay 2 now . Janeway to NeeIix . NeeIix here , Captain . I 'd Iike you to find one of the Nyrians who ... NeeIix to Captain Janeway . I lost contact . What did you say ? Chakotay to NeeIix . The Captain 's gone . We need you to find a Nyrian scientist called RisIan and get him to Engineering as soon as you can . Right away , Commander . Do what you have to do to get some answers , B 'EIanna . Excuse me . Aren 't you Dr. RisIan ? It 's still too cold in here . I 'II adjust the environmental controls ... again . But I must ask you ... And the air is too humid . I 'II take care of it right away . But I must ask you to go to our Engineering room . I believe you 're urgently needed . I trust it will be suitably warm and dark there ? We 'II make sure you 're comfortable . A security guard will escort you . Right away , sir . Commander , there 's a problem with the internal sensors on Deck 4 . It looks like a circuit relay malfunction . I can 't spare anyone for repairs . You 'II have to make do . How do you Iike your first day as Chief of Security , Ensign ? It 's everything I dreamed of , sir . Who says there 's no room for advancement on this ship ? Another disappearance . It 's NeeIix . How many people does that leave us ? Forty . And more than a hundred Nyrians . I want access to all systems restricted to authorized voiceprints only . seal off any part of the ship that we 're not using and place security force fields around sensitive areas- - warp core , armory , torpedo bays . And let 's hope I 'm just being paranoid . If you ask me , a tetryon scan is a waste of time . A multispectral sweep would be much more useful . actually , I didn 't ask and I 've already initiated the tetryon scan . You 're the expert . Neutrinos , ionized hydrogen , theta-band radiation ... Just what you 'd expect to find in a wormhole . But it 's what we 're not finding that I 'm interested in . The scan shows no quantum level fluctuations whatsoever . That 's not so unusual . It 's more than unusual ; it 's impossible . I don 't think this is a wormhole at all . Perhaps it 's a subspace flow field then . I 'm going to run a pattern analysis from the original data . Nope , definitely not a flow field . The spatial harmonics are incompatible . I don 't think this is a natural phenomenon . Don 't move . I won 't hurt you unless you force me to . Your people have been behind this all along . What are you doing ? Moving you to the head of the line . B 'EIanna , are you all right ? Captain , the Nyrians are responsible for the exchanges . I think they have some kind of technology ... What do they want with us ? I don 't know . They refuse to answer any questions . They 've given us food , water and medical suppIies- - everything but information . Where 's the rest of the crew ? In other compounds just like this one scattered throughout the woods . This doesn 't seem like a Nyrian colony . It 's not warm enough or dark enough for them . exactly . It 's more like an idyllic version of Earth , as though it were created specifically for us . Do we have any idea what planet we 're on ? Not yet . I sent Tuvok to investigate the other compounds and see what he can find out . until he gets back , all we have are unanswered questions . Decks 1 1 through 15 are completely shut down . Most of the remaining crew are on security detail near the cargo and shuttle bays . What , all 13 of them ? 12 , sir . Crewman Gennaro to Bridge . I 'm in Engineering , and I just found Ensign MoIina . He 's unconscious but okay . What about the Nyrian scientist he was watching ? There 's no sign of him , sir . Find him . That 's a priority . Where are you going ? To have a talk with the Nyrians . Chakotay to all hands . Security alert . The Nyrians may be trying to take control of the ship . Everyone get to the Bridge or Main Engineering and secure them against possible intruders . Second team , take control of weapons . Start by reinforcing the containment fields . Reroute emergency power . We 've got to seal those doors . They 're everywhere . They 're even decrypting our access codes . The Nyrians obviously prepared for this before they got here . They must have tapped into our computer somehow and gotten enough information to plan this mission down to the letter . Larson ? Chakotay to anybody who 's left . please respond . Gennaro here , sir . Anybody else ? The two of us aren 't going to win this . So we might as well make life as difficult for the Nyrians as we can . Sabotage everything you can get your hands on . Understood . Good luck . What 's our status ? We have shut off their security measures on all decks . We should have full computer access soon . But their navigational controls are not working . Not working ? There are two humans still moving through the ship . They seem intent on causing damage . Find them . They 're sabotaging the power systems . The antimatter reactor 's shutting down . I can 't see . What happened ? This way . Warning . disabling lateral EPS relays may disrupt computer functions throughout the ship . Let 's hope so . Chakotay to Gennaro . They 're trying to delete the Doctor 's program . Are you anywhere near Sick Bay ? Gennaro ? Computer ... how long ago did Crewman Gennaro leave the ship ? Seven minutes and 20 seconds . I 've located the Iast human . He 's on the fifth deck . Send a patrol to stop him . I already have . Activate emergency medical holographic program . please state the nature ... hello ? Doctor , over here . Commander , what 's happening ? Your program 's going to be deleted unless I can download you into the mobile emitter before I disappear , which should be any second now . Got it . AII right . I know when to quit . I 've never been completely cut off from the ship before . What if the emitter 's power supply runs out ? Let 's hope we 're not stuck here long enough to find out . Tuvok , what did you learn ? There are ten compounds like this one spread over approximately four square kilometers . They are surrounded on all sides by wilderness . could I have your attention ? Now that you 've all arrived here safely , I 'd Iike to welcome you to your new home . I 'm not particularly interested in being welcomed . Why have you brought us here ? Your vessel will be used to defend Nyrian acquisitions . Is this the way you operate ? gradually changing places with the crew of a ship ? Ships , colonies , space stations . We 've found it 's far more effective than warfare . We aren 't a cruel people . We 've tried to make this experience as painless as possible , and as you can see , we 've gone to great lengths to create an environment in which you will be comfortable . nonetheless , we are being held here against our will . well , I 'm afraid that 's unavoidable . But I think you 'II be happy here . The food dispensers have been programmed with selections from your own computer files . We have even downloaded literature and entertainment from your cultural database . What happens if we try to leave this little paradise ? I think you 'II find there 's nowhere to go . We don 't accept that . We will find a way out of here . Captain ... your lack of gratitude is unbecoming . You and your crew could have found yourselves somewhere far less hospitable . It 's still a prison . If you want to be miserable here , that is your choice . But since there 's nothing you can do about your situation , I suggest you accept it ... gracefully . We 're ready now . Tuvok ... tell me about this wilderness you found . How rugged is it ? Can we walk out ? I don 't believe so . In every direction I went , I encountered a natural barrier- - a sheer cliff , an impassable river . These obstacles completely surround the colony . A perfectly isolated area- - doesn 't that seem a bit convenient ? This place does have an artificial quality . I wouldn 't be surprised if the whole thing is holographic and the wilderness was created to keep us from exploring too far . Captain . Uh ... sorry for the intrusion , but I-I wanted to welcome you . I 'm , uh ... JarIeth ... your neighbor . Where did you come from ? My people live in the other environment , uh , through that portal . It 's , uh , quite different . More , uh ... desert-Iike . This place , it 's so , uh ... green . But I 'm sure it 's suitable for you . The Nyrians undoubtedly had a good look through your data banks . Were your people brought here by the Nyrians ? They took us one by one . Oh , is this what you eat ? They took you from your colony . They claimed not to know what was happening . By the time we got suspicious , there were too many of them . We 've been here ever since . Do you have any idea where " here " is ? No . Uh-uh . Mmm . Not bad . Um , would you be interested in trading for some of these ? The last inhabitants of this environment had no concept of a barter system , but you strike me as a much more , uh ... sophisticated group . If there were people here before us , maybe we could get out the same way . Oh , I ... I don 't think you 'd Iike their method of escape . Uh ... they all died from a plague . Captain , there must be some kind of force field here , but I can 't find it . Pretty weII-camoufIaged , isn 't it ? It took me almost nine years to find the portal . How did you get it open ? well , I ... I have my ways . I 'd consider that information a valuable commodity . well , I 'd be happy to make a trade , but the portal only leads into our environment . You 're welcome to , uh , visit , of course . There may be other portals ... if you can show us how to find them . I Iook forward to our collaboration . What do you see now ? Fascinating . Everything is glowing with its own energy . Even the plants are emitting a faint thermal signature . It 's really quite lovely . Aside from the aesthetic consideration , how 's your optical resolution ? The Captain sent me down to get an update . well , we 're just about ready . I 've reconfigured the Doctor 's optical sensors . And , as soon as they 're aligned , he should be able to detect the microwave signature of the portals . Then I can begin my new career as a tricorder . About the other day ... I might have been a bit ... oversensitive , uh , about the klingon program . Don 't worry about it . That should just about do it . I think we can start scanning now . Good . I 'II tell the Captain . Um ... about the program ... I-I didn 't mean to push you . I know . You didn 't . And I didn 't mean to , um , Iash out at you Iike that . A typical defensive reaction- - using an aggressive outburst as a shield against a perceived emotional threat . That says it , all right . Oh , that 's very funny coming from you . And what is that supposed to mean ? well , you 're hardly one to talk about being defensive . And why is that exactly ? well , you just pretend that nothing bothers you and then you turn everything into a joke . That 's a valid observation . Defense mechanisms come in many forms . That 's ridiculous . I am an easygoing person ... who is just trying to be friendly to someone who is obviously terrified of having a friend . Fear of intimacy is a common indication of Iow seIf-esteem . Perhaps if you stopped to analyze the root cause , you might ... If you find it so difficult to be my friend , then why keep trying ? That 's a good question . I think I 'II stop wasting my time . I pulled a power cell and some relay circuits out of a food dispenser . And this little thing looks like some sort of capacitor . It should do . If you can find another like this one , we 'II be able to construct a second weapon . You 're assuming the first one will work . Yes . I 'II get on it right away . Maybe if I take apart the sonic shower assembly . I 've got to give you credit , Tuvok . Working on the fly with nothing but random parts with no guide to follow ... I never thought VuIcans had much of a knack for improvising . Our circumstances seem to require a certain flexibility . You could say that . This reminds me of those survival classes they put us through at the Academy- - surprise tactical simulations . Getting dropped off in the woods with no chance to prepare . They certainly taught you to live by your wits . That was a lesson I had already learned . During the Rite of tal 'oth , I survived in the vulcan desert for four months with a ritual blade as my only possession . After that , StarfIeet training exercises seemed less of a challenge . I guess so . This weapon is complete . When Mr. NeeIix returns with a second capacitor , I 'II ... improvise another . Lieutenant , I haven 't seen any sign of a portal . frankly , I 'm getting tired of this . HoIograms don 't get tired . Keep looking . We 've tried to get out of here for years . The closest I ever came was finding the portal between our two environments . I-I don 't mean to be pessimistic , but I don 't think there is a way out . There must be- - we just have to keep looking . well , I know it 's too early for you to accept this , but life here isn 't so bad . Once we stopped trying to escape , we actually began enjoying ourselves . Captain , we found something . It 's directly in front of me . Here ? Yes , right there . well , if my scanning services are no Ionger required , I 'II return to my medical duties . We can cover more ground if we split up . Tuvok and I will take this direction . You three go that way . We 'II meet back here in 20 minutes . I don 't think we 're supposed to be in here . B 'EIanna , over here . There 's another one . SeIf-contained biospheres- - every one of them different . It 's definitely some kind of control station . I can bring up information , but I can 't understand what it says . If the Nyrians downloaded Voyager 's cultural database , you may be able to tap into the translation algorithm . Oh , much better . " The Federation habitat . population : 148 . " At least they haven 't detected that anyone 's missing . Here 's another environment . And another . How many are there ? Captain , there 's data here for 94 different environments . They 're holding thousands of prisoners . There 's got to be something that 'II tell us about the layout of this place . Authorized access only . I 'II try to bypass their security codes . Good . I 'm getting something . incredible , Tuvok . We 're on a ship . We should attempt to locate the Bridge . If there is one I can 't find it , but ... there seems to be a more extensive command center four decks above us . Maybe I can access it from here . More security Iockouts . We may need to disable the entire security subroutine . There 's been an unauthorized access at one of the terminals . Some of the Iife-forms have escaped their habitat . Find them and put them back . We are attempting to do that now . However , if they resist , stronger measures may become necessary . If they leave you no other alternative ... you have the authorization to use force . How soon can we go to warp ? I want to go back there . Just a few minutes . Let 's go back . No . We 've got to find the Captain and Tuvok . They might need our help . We have to help ourselves . This is our chance to get back into our own environments . If you want to go , then go . We 're not leaving them behind . Don 't move . I surrender . I 'm sorry . It wasn 't my idea . They made me come along . They , uh ... went around that corner . follow them . He just activated a translocator control . One Iife-form was sent from an access tunnel to the biosphere adjacent to ours . That must have been JarIeth . This transIocator is what the Nyrians used to get on our ship . Then we should be able to use the same method to return to Voyager Assuming we can figure out how to use it . We 're getting an incoming transmission from the biosphere vesseI- - audio only . TaIeen to Dammar . Some of the Iife-forms have accessed the control systems . They have weapons . We need reinforcements . We 're on our way to you now . Increase speed to maximum velocity and take us close enough to translocate my entire security force at once ! Yes , sir . Something 's wrong with the phaser . The power cell 's probably running out . These aren 't exactly StarfIeet issue . We 've got to get out of these tunnels . There must be somewhere to hide in one of these habitats . Tom , I think I found one . Here it is . Remember how we had to warm up the ship for the Nyrians ? This is the Iast place they 'd want to follow us . Stop ! follow them . That 's an order . This transIocator has an extremely long range- - over ten Iight-years . Great distances must limit its capacity . That 's why the Nyrians could only send one person to Voyager at a time and bring one of us here . Their method has the added advantage of appearing innocent , at Ieast in the beginning . I can 't find the command pathways to get the system operative and I don 't imagine we have much longer before they find us . Maybe coming in here wasn 't such a good idea . Let 's hope it 's worse for them than it is for us . careful . That phaser 's just about dead . They can 't last much longer . We 've just got to stay one step ahead of them . We don 't want to get too far away from the portal . Maybe we should find a place to hide . Let me see the phaser . My hands are completely numb . Here . I would have thought all that hot KIingon blood would have kept you warm . Shows how much you know about KIingons . They have much less tolerance for the cold than humans do . really ? I thought that was Cardassians . No , they just complain about it more . Better ? I think that 'II amplify the power cell ... enough for one more shot . B 'EIanna . Nice shot . Now , Iet 's get out of here before we freeze to death . I 've got the basic operation down , but I can 't quite figure out how to lock on to a target . Can you access anything that might function like our targeting scanners ? There are bio-sensors contained within the monitoring programs of each habitat . - Perhaps ... - What is it ? I 'm detecting human Iife-forms in one of the environments . The ArgaIa habitat . Tom and B 'EIanna . possibly . They may have taken refuge there to hide from the Nyrians . Doesn 't look very inviting , does it ? The temperature is minus 20 degrees celsius . They can 't last long in that . We 've got to get them out . Captain , there 's a ship approaching at high warp . It 's Voyager If the Nyrians are bringing in reinforcements , we 're in trouble . Keep working on those bio-scanners . I didn 't think we went this far from the portal . I don 't think I can go on any farther . You have to keep moving . Oh , I 'm so sleepy . No , B 'EIanna , get up . No , you go on . I 'm just going to rest here . If you do that , you 'II die . No , I 'II be fine . I just have to close my eyes for a minute . Oh , no , I am not going to let you do this . On your feet now , Torres . That 's an order ! You can 't give me orders . We 're the same rank . I am a Bridge officer , and I have seniority . Oh , yeah , by about two days . On your feet , now ! Come on . You been wanting to take a swing at me for days . Now 's your chance . You 're just trying to get me moving . You will keep moving . Or do I have to throw you over my shoulder and carry you out ? Don 't even try it . Where are we ? The ... ArgaIa habitat , sir . Get us out of here . Where 's the portal ? You did this . I 've taken control of your translocation system . My tactical Officer is standing by waiting for my next order . And-And what would that be ? That depends on you . Surrender my ship ... and release all the prisoners here . unacceptable . AII right . You can stay where you are , and greet your fellow crew members as we transIocate them here to join you . And if we do surrender ? We 'II find you a nice , warm habitat where you 'II be comfortable while we contact the native worlds of your prisoners and arrange for their return . And once we 've disabled your transIocator ... you 'II be free to go . I 'm sorry you don 't wish to be reasonable . Mr. Tuvok , get me out of here and prepare to ... No ! Wait ! Captain 's Log , Stardate 50929.6 . The Nyrians have surrendered Voyager and my crew is safely back on board . The former prisoners on the habitat vessel have contacted their native worlds and are waiting to be taken home . Nice day . beautiful . Things were pretty chilly there for a while . I guess they were . feels good to be warm again . Yeah . It sure does .
