 Captain 's Log , Stardate 50203.1 . We 're three days away from Enara Prime- - home of the passengers we picked up from a colony in the Fima system . Our high warp capability has greatly reduced the time it normally takes them to make the journey home . In return , the Enarans have shared their energy conservation technology with us and perhaps more importantly , their friendship . You 've never been there ? well , the trip back to the homeland usually takes so long . I didn 't want to see it that badly . I 've spent my whole life in the Fima colony and I 've always considered it my home . You 'II change your mind when you see the DaeIeus cliffs at dawn . Yes , I 've heard they 're beautiful . You 'II know what " beautiful " truly means , when you stand on the cliffs on a rainy morning and watch the raindrops ... turn to mist when they hit the molten sea . That sounds wonderful . It looks like our new components are still slightly out of sync with your EPS system . I can 't isolate it . We 'II have to check through all of them . Maybe Harry could give us a hand . well , I 'm sure he would if you asked him . Harry , you got a minute ? Sure . could you help us check the modified power relays ? There is a minor flow problem . I 'd be happy to help . Good . Then we 'II get started first thing in the morning . well , if we 're done for the night , maybe we could all go get something to eat . Thank you , but I 'II be headed back to bed . I 'm sure you young people will manage without me . - Good night . - Good night . So , I guess it 'II just be the three of us . actually , getting some rest sounded like a pretty good idea . Why don 't you ... go on without me ? No , really , I insist . What took you so long ? Aah ! Korenna ... Shh ! B 'EIanna . B 'EIanna , wake up . What ? Your duty shift started 20 minutes ago . I tried to reach you on the com , but you didn 't answer . I guess ... I guess I must have slept right through it . Sorry . Are you feeling all right ? Yes , of course . I 'II be there in a minute . This is the second morning you 've been late . I 'II make up the time . It won 't happen again . I 'm not concerned about the duty schedule , B 'EIanna . If there 's something wrong ... I 'm fine . You mean , fine like when you insisted on finishing the hoverbaII championship with a broken ankle ? I mean there 's nothing wrong . I was only late because ... I 've been having these dreams . They 're very intense . That 's all . intensely bad ? No . Just the opposite . So they 're enjoyable ? stimulating ? They are the most sensual dreams I 've ever had in my Iife ... and they feel absolutely real . I don 't suppose you 've been dreaming about anyone in particular ? Nobody you know . actually ... he 's nobody I know either . He 's Enaran . One of our passengers ? No . No . In the dreams , I know him . More than that , I 'm in love with him . But it 's not really me in the dream . It 's somebody else entirely . In a way , it 's ... Iiberating . I 'm sure . So I assume I won 't have to write up a report on your chronic oversIeeping ? If you say a word about this to anyone ... I know . You 'II rip my heart out and eat it raw . Your secret 's safe with me . So , what exactly is this big surprise ? AII I know is that NeeIix has been working on it all afternoon . He wouldn 't even let me in there to get a snack . welcome to Enara ! It 's ... very ... colorful . specifically , the colors of the Enaran flag . The decor , the music , the menu- - all authentically Enaran . What happened to the tables and chairs ? Enarans don 't use them . After a big meal , you can just lie back and take a nap . Very practical . It 's a little cold in here , isn 't it ? Perhaps a bit chillier than we 're used to , but just about perfect for ... Enarans . I got it . You must try some of these delightful algae puffs . They 're fresh from the oven . Harry ? Maybe later . Oh , that was wonderful . What a lovely piece of music . You should thank Jora MireII . She composed it . I still think you 're rushing the harmonics in the second movement . I Iove music . I 've always regretted that I never learned to play an instrument . I 'd be glad to help you if you Iike . I 'd Iike it very much . I 'm sure I couId find time for a few lessons . Captain ? I 'm all right . I did understand you correctly that you wanted to share my knowledge of music ? I didn 't realize you were offering to share it so directly . The sensation was just a little ... overwhelming . I am terribly sorry , Captain . I assumed since you knew of our telepathic abilities ... I-I never would have dreamed of making a connection without your consent . You intended to give me a gift ... and it was wonderful . Your abilities allow you to transfer knowledge from your own mind to another 's ? Not precisely . We 're able to share our experiences through a telepathic link . I remembered lessons and hours of practice . Were those your experiences ? Intriguing . remarkable . You take a couple of these ... roll them around like this ... and voila ! Your hands are clean and disinfected . The Enarans are very hygienic . Hmm . I haven 't seen Lieutenant Torres around here tonight . I suppose she 's putting in another late night in Engineering . actually , I think she might have gone to bed early tonight . I 'm not one to dictate who your friends are , but I 'm sure you can see as clearly as I can that some friends are less suitable than others . Like Dathan ? Yes . You promised you wouldn 't see him anymore and then I heard you were talking to him again the other day . He came up to me on the street . I couldn 't help it . Korenna , don 't you see I am thinking of him as well as you ? Now , you only encourage him this way and that isn 't very fair , is it ? What isn 't fair is that you treat him like everybody else . He 's different . If you just talked to him , you 'd understand that . You know , one of the things I Iove about you most is your compassion for others . But you 're still young . You don 't realize that there are some people that might take advantage of that compassion . Now , I want you to promise me , if he comes up to you again , you 'II just walk away . That should be clear enough . I 'm sure . And finish your tarin juice . It 's good for you . He 's gone . I should go . He 's leaving for work soon . It 's safer to wait . You know , this will only encourage me . I hope so . No ! No ! We 've completed the modifications on the primary EPS conduits . I have a crew starting on the backup systems . Can you get it done before we drop off the Enarans ? Yes . We 'II have to pull some longer shifts , but two more days should do it . Is there something else on your mind ? Those dreams I 've been having ... um , they 're getting kind of strange . In what way ? Last night , in the middle of the dream , I was ... kissing him- - my Iover- - and suddenly he was dead . Burned . B 'EIanna ... But there 's more going on than just a love affair . I 'm having a relationship with this man , but my father doesn 't approve , so we have to sneak around . It 's like each new dream advances the story . It sounds like a hoIonoveI . But it feels like it 's actually happening . I mean , physically , emotionally , it 's no different from real life . I 've never had dreams like this before . It can 't be a coincidence that this is going on while we have a group of telepaths on board . exactly . I want to find out more about what these Enarans can do . Why don 't you ask your friend in Engineering ? I 'm going to . I 'II talk to the Captain . She should know about anything that might involve our guests . Right . Once , I stood where you are during the early days of interstellar exploration . It was an important leap forward for our people and I was proud to be part of it . Today , with the advent of terraforming , we stand ready to take another leap forward into an era of expansion and colonization . You will show us the way . There are some who resist progress . Do not let the voices of fear and ignorance discourage you . claim your rightful place as leaders of a new era . The future of Enara is in your hands . Now , today , we honor a group of young people who represent our best hope for that future . It is a great pleasure to give this first award to my own daughter , Korenna . I 'm so very proud of you . It looks good on you . What are you doing here ? Today 's important for you . I wanted to be here . I 'm glad you came . I know this award will help me get into the District Education Center . I couId be a junior instructor in less than a year . I 'm really happy for you . Maybe you could take the entrance examination , too . You know that 's impossible . I can 't go to the Center . Nothing is impossible if you want it badly enough . I want us to be together . I Iove you , Korenna . It 's just so frustrating . I can 't stand being away from you all the time . Oh , I know . Oh , I wish I couId hold you right now . What would you do if you could ? I 'II show you . I 'II see you tonight . No ! No ! There 's going to be a big dinner with my father 's friends . Tomorrow night , then . Tomorrow . single file . Identification . Next . Let 's go . Have identification ready . This way , this way . AII the way out . Let 's move . B 'EIanna ! Can you hear me ? Kes to Sick Bay . medical emergency . Good to see you 're awake , Lieutenant . What happened ? I found you unconscious in the corridor near Engineering . I was dreaming again . Not according to your cortical theta wave readings . The pattern clearly indicated that you were experiencing memories . specifically , implanted memories . implanted ? By the Enarans ? There 's strong evidence of telepathic activity in your frontal lobe . My experience with the Enarans ' telepathy seems to be very different from yours . Jor BreI was standing near me when I received his memories . Were there any Enarans near you when you had your dreams ? No , I was alone every time . You 've also been asleep or unconscious every time . The shared memories feel like ... vivid dreams to you . In the Lieutenant 's case , the memories seem to have been placed in her unconscious . They 're only emerging when her conscious mind is inactive . Why did she pass out ? The synaptic patterns of the implanted memories are not quite compatible with her neural pathways . There 's been some minor cortical damage , which I 've corrected . Can you prevent further damage ? This inhibitor will control her theta wave activity . That should suppress the memories . I won 't have any more of the dreams ? That 's the idea . What 's wrong ? If the dreams stop , I 'II never know what happens to these people . I mean , this woman , Korenna , I ... I feel what she feels . And right now , she is torn and confused about her loyalties , and I don 't know what I 'm ... what she 's going to do . I don 't think satisfying your curiosity is worth risking brain damage , Lieutenant . I 'm giving you the next two days off duty . Use them to rest . I 'II speak with BreI , and find out what 's happening to you . I 'd Iike to come with you , Captain . I 'd rest a Iot better if I had some answers . I find it impossible that any of us could be doing this purposely . You do possess the capability to share your experiences without mutual consent . Yes , but , uh , it just isn 't done . I-I know that we had a misunderstanding before , Captain , but I assure you , we have strict ethics . We 're not suggesting otherwise . We 're only trying to find out how this is happening . well , I have heard of instances where members of some alien races have been affected by the slight telepathic field we generate , but nothing as intense as what your Lieutenant has described . well , according to our Doctor , they 're memories . That 's possible . She may be picking up stray thoughts and memories from every Enaran on the ship . It must be terribly confusing . Perhaps that 's why her mind has organized it into a kind of narrative . Are you saying that I 'm making this all up ? No , no , no . Some elements may very well have come from our actual experiences . I confess I ... I may have crawled into a bedroom window or two in my youth . You mentioned a citizenship award . There are several past recipients in our group . We may be each contributing some small details to your story . Nothing really happened the way I remember it ? It 's highly unlikely . We appreciate your help , Jor BreI . I wish there was something more that I couId do . I truly regret any ill effects that our presence here has caused you . well , fortunately , those effects are under control now . The Doctor was able to suppress the memories . I 'm very glad to hear that . His explanation is plausible . B 'EIanna ? I don 't know . Those dreams are so real ... Maybe he 's right . The Enarans haven 't shown any hint of subterfuge- - any hidden agenda . They 've been nothing but straightforward and honest . You 're in no immediate danger . They 'II be gone in another day . The situation will resolve itself . And yet , you fully intend to continue investigating . I wonder how long it 's been since I did anything that surprised you . I share your concern , Captain . We haven 't ruled out the possibility that this may be a deliberate act . I want to talk to more of the Enarans , see what they have to say . I 'II talk to Jessen and MireII . They 've been working with me in Engineering . You 've done enough already , B 'EIanna . I want you to get some rest . But ... You need to get away from this . We 'II take it from here . Captain 's Log , Stardate 5021 1.4 . We 're approaching Enara and preparing to host a farewell party for our guests . They 've made every effort to help us understand their telepathic abilities , but it 's still a mystery why they 've affected Lieutenant Torres so strongly . Korenna , are you ready ? You 'II do well . I 'II be there with you . This is all voluntary , isn 't it ? They want to be resettled ? Of course . although , it 's impossible to understand what these Regressives want . They simply don 't think like we do . How do we relate to people who refuse all but the most primitive technology ? Who live their lives without a communications interIink or microfusion generators ? If that 's the way they want to live ... why can 't they ? well , they can . That 's why we 're helping them to resettle , so that they can be completely comfortable practicing a way of Iife that they 've chosen . They could do that here in their village . well , you wouldn 't say that if you 'd ever been inside that place . Do you realize they won 't even use radioseptics to sterilize their homes , or their hands before they eat ? It 's a miracle they haven 't started a plague by now . Then ... it 's dangerous to have them living here . Yes , it is . And we 've been tolerant for a very long time , but I think by now even they realize that they 'd be better off living somewhere else . But some of them want to stay here . well , there are always some people who resist change even if they know it 's best for them , but once they see their friends and family happily settled in the new colony , they 'II want to go as well . DemaIos . DemaIos , move along . - Sanric . - Sanric . Farran . What 's going to happen to us ? You 'II have a new place to live with your own kind . You 'II be much happier there . please ... - Move it along . - ... can you tell me ... I only want to know where we 're going . Peshar . AIaris . Dathan AIaris ! Where is he ? He couldn 't be leaving today . Did you warn him ? Did you tell him he was on the list ? I didn 't even know that he was . You put his name there , didn 't you ? To keep him away from me . Fredik ! Don 't ! No ! Computer , locate Jora MireII . Jora MireII is in her quarters . I 'II get you to Sick Bay . No . I have to give you the rest of it . You are Korenna . These are your memories . Yes . Why give them to me ? You won 't deny the truth . We 've been hiding it . I couldn 't anymore . They found out I was sharing it with you . Who did ? Don 't let the memories die . Promise me . I don 't understand ... My father 's home . If he hears you ... What happened ? One of your friends made some trouble on the resettlement line today . You were on the list , too . Where were you ? Some of us got away . We 're leaving tonight . Come with me . Korenna , it 's the only way we can be together now . You 're asking me to abandon my family , my career ... Yes , I am . Leave it all behind . What 's happening here is wrong , Korenna . Don 't be a part of it anymore . It 's just a resettlement . It is more than that . My uncle and his family were resettled two months ago and we haven 't heard from them since . Nobody I know has had any contact with this new colony we 're supposed to be going to . There could be a perfectly good reason ... There are stories . I 've heard that the transports don 't really go anywhere , that the passengers just get vaporized in some kind of thermal sweep . Korenna , thousands of us have gone already . We are being slaughtered . It 's ridiculous . No one is being killed . My father told me ... Your father is Iying to you ! I 'm sorry , but you have got to make a choice . You can 't go on trying to believe in both of us anymore . Either he is right and you should never see me again , or I 'm right and he is part of a terrible crime . No . My father is a good man . I can show you how we 're rounded up for these voluntary resettIements , how the soldiers treat Regressives who won 't go quietly . I know it is hard to face , but you have to . It is too important . - Now let me show you . - No , I ... Korenna ? Come in . I was , I was just practicing . I 've always said you have the talent to play professionally . How are you feeling ? I 've been better . Don 't think about it anymore . That Regressive was completely irrational . He attacked you for no reason . Maybe he thought he had a reason . Maybe he was afraid . I know there are some very disturbing rumors coming from these people . You may have heard them from that boy . You know , the thing that is so insidious about these Regressives is that they pretend to be passive , not harming anyone and all the while they are spreading their lies , trying to make you believe these awful things . Why would they do that ? They have some twisted ideas about resisting progress , which they think gives them the right to hold us back in any way that they can . They 're trying to undermine us , to cause dissent and doubt . Just look at how they 've affected you . But ... what they 're saying is so horrible . Yes , but it isn 't very plausible . Korenna , think . A secret conspiracy against their people ? Organized murder on such an enormous scale ? Do you really believe that your family and friends are capable of that ? No . 'Course not . Now , I know how hard it is for you to accept that anyone , even Regressives , could lie about something like that , but it is all part of their manipulation . These people have no conscience . They 'II say anything to get what they want . Like that boy Dathan . Has he told you he 's in love with you ? He 's not . It 's his way of gaining your sympathy . And not only yours . I 've seen him talking to quite a number of young women . Has he been asking you to trust him ? He 's poisoning you against your own people . Even your own family . Hmm ? That 's very cruel . No wonder you 've been confused . But now you understand what these people are really like . You ! No . No . These criminals represent a growing threat to Enaran society . As responsible citizens , we must fight back ! With their punishment , we send a clear signal to all Regressives . We will protect ourselves and our ideals from their destructive influence by whatever means necessary . Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! Why did they all move away ? Because they didn 't want to live with the rest of us anymore . Why ? The Regressive people had very strange ideas about how to live . They didn 't want to Iearn new things or use any of the technology that we tried to share with them . They decided to live somewhere else on their own and we let them go . But they couldn 't take very good care of themselves . They fought with each other . They spread all kinds of diseases . And they all died ? They destroyed themselves . It was very sad . But ... we can learn from their mistakes . That 's why we keep this gate here- - to remind us never to be stubborn and backward like they were . We 'II remember . I know you will . I 'd Iike to indulge in a new custom that I 've learned . It 's called making a toast . To Captain Janeway and her gracious crew . We are very grateful to you for bringing us home . You will always have friends here . Murderers . Lieutenant . You tried to hide what you did , but I know . I saw everything . The Regressives , the executions . Wiping out an entire population , and then blaming them for it . This is most uncomfortable , Captain . Perhaps a more private discussion would be ... No , that 's what you 've been doing all aIong- - hiding the truth . Hoping that it wouId just die away quietly ! please . This has to come out . I think it 's time we all understood what 's been happening here . My dreams- - they are real memories from Jora MireII . When she- - when all of them were younger , there was a group of people they called Regressives . They just wanted to lead a different kind of Iife , but ... but they don 't exist anymore , do they ? You exterminated them . These accusations are completely untrue . You spent your whole life covering it up , and then you realized that someone was passing the memories on to me . So you ... you used me to figure out who it was and then you killed her , but , you know , you were too late , because Korenna gave me the Iast of her memories before she died . Korenna MireII is dead ? And you have evidence that she was murdered ? No , they made it look like it was natural causes . You should know , Lieutenant , that I spoke with Jora MireII yesterday . I asked her specifically about the memories you had experienced . She claimed not to know anything about them . Of course she would say that . She was afraid for her life . No , you 're lying . The Enarans would never do anything like what you 're saying . It 's unthinkable . It is the truth . I know that you don 't want to believe it . In fact , they 're counting on that . They always have . I know B 'EIanna and I trust her . It can 't hurt to listen . Nobody thinks you 're lying , Lieutenant . The poor woman has been ill for a Iong time . Her memories may be distorted or perhaps your perception of them was colored by elements from your culture . No . I know that it 's easier for you to believe that I 'm crazy or hallucinating , but this woman shared her Iife- - her whole identity- - with me . I was with her every step of the way as she convinced herself that what she did- - betraying the man she loved , playing her part in the massacre- - that it was all somehow for the good of Enaran society . She showed me everything . No apologies , no request for forgiveness , just the truth . At least she had the conscience to stand up and realize what she 'd done wrong ... which is more than I can say for you . I think it best that we ... now prepare for our departure , Captain . If you don 't mind , I 'd Iike to go to your Sick Bay to attend Jora MireII . I 'm going to talk to the Doctor . I want to see you in my ready room in one hour . I know that I couId have found a better way to handle the situation than just charging into the mess hall like that . I was just too angry to think straight . Not the first time that 's happened , I know , but if you had seen what I saw ... I might have done exactly the same thing . You believe me . I believe that the memories you experienced were real . Then we 've got to do something about it . We have to make this public . You tried that today . They didn 't want to listen . Then we have to find proof . Let me go down to the planet . There must be some evidence left of what really happened . Maybe there are other people like Korenna who might be willing to tell the truth . Whatever the Enarans have done , it 's not our place to bring them to justice . If they 've chosen to conceal part of their history from their own descendants , that 's their decision whether we approve of it or not . It 's not just a matter of history . This could happen again if no one knows it happened before . We simply have no right to get involved . Jora MireII was murdered on board this ship , which gives us a reason to investigate . Maybe if we can expose the reason why she was killed , the Enarans will start to ask questions . I 've gotten a full report from the Doctor . He specifically looked for evidence to support your accusations . He didn 't find any . They could have used their telepathy somehow , in some way that the Doctor couldn 't detect . We have no basis for a murder investigation . I released her body to the Enarans . So that 's it ? We just go on our merry way and nobody ever has to take any kind of responsibility ? I 've canceled our trade negotiations , as well as shore leave . We 'II leave orbit as soon as the Enarans are off the ship . B 'EIanna ? I believe the Enaran engineers are collecting the Iast of their equipment right now . If there 's anything more you 'd Iike to say to ... any of them ... Thank you . Thank you , Captain . I 'm relieving you . Can we talk for a minute ? I have nothing to say to you . Then just listen . Like Harry said , it couldn 't hurt to do that . I 'm leaving soon . I know you have no reason to believe what I 've said about your people . AII you have is my word against everything you 've ever been taught . That 's right . So prove me wrong . Go down to Enara and find the colony where the Regressives were supposed to live . talk to people . Ask questions . Learn the truth for yourself . Let me tell you about my experiences . Maybe that will give you someplace to start . I wish ... I had your abilities . I couId just show you . You would do that ? Share your experiences openly ? Of course . Then you 'd know I 'm telling you the truth . I can make the connection between us . What took you so long ?
