 Ensign Kim . I require your assistance in Jefferies Tube 37 - Alpha . Well , can it wait ? I just got off duty . It is urgent . Hmm . Bridge to Commander Tuvok . Tuvok here . You 're needed on the Bridge , sir . On my way . Computer , lights on . Neelix ? is anybody here ? Voyager to Lieutenant Paris . Paris here . How 's it going out there , Tom ? One more orbit and I should have all the data we need . Good work . See you when you get back . Chakotay out . Crewman . Ensign . Sir . Hello , sir . It looks to me like you aligned the power couplings perfectly . I did . If you 're so sure , then why 'd you need me to look at them ? I did not . Then what 's this all about ? I 've learned from observing Lieutenants Torres and Paris that humans sometimes require a pretext for being intimate with one another . Intimate ? Resistance is futile . Paris to Voyager . Voyager here . My primary warp manifold just ruptured . I 've lost helm control . Auxiliary power is off - line . Thrusters won 't respond . Say again , Tom . Your signal 's breaking up . My orbit 's decaying . I don 't think I can hold it . Repeat that , Tom . I need an emergency beam - out ! Voyager to Lieutenant Paris . Come in ! Neelix ? What can I do for you , Captain ? Where is everybody ? Didn 't you see them when you came in ? No . Take a look . Computer , activate lights . Lieutenant Commander Tuvok reporting for duty . is something wrong ? I think you forgot something , Tuvok . It appears that , in my haste to report to the Bridge , I neglected to put on my uniform . What happened to them ? They died . Why ? You didn 't get them home in time . Hello . Good morning . Sleep well ? Not really . What are you doing here ? I just thought I 'd stop by and ask you why you didn 't meet me for breakfast . Breakfast ... What time is it ? 7 : 40 . And we were supposed to meet at 0700 . I was there- - right after I got off the night shift . I waited ... and I waited and I called you on the com . I ... uh ... I - l didn 't hear you . I was having this wild nightmare . I was out like a light . I 'm sorry . I 'll get dressed right now . You don 't have time . You 're due on the Bridge at 0800 , and I 've got to get some sleep . Oh , I hate this ! We never see each other . I 'm off Friday night . Great . Let 's go skiing . How about Saint Moritz ? We went skiing last time . And you loved it . You 're getting really good , you know . I just thought maybe we could run a program where the wind chill factor wasn 't 30 below zero ... like ... Fiji or Samoa . Oh . There 's nothing to do there . And you can be warm while you 're not doing it . How about a compromise ? Um ... spring skiing in Chile ? Much warmer . A compromise ... How about Tahiti ? Hmm . Tahiti . As long as I can go waterskiing , fine . You 're on . Now , go get dressed , so you 'll at least have time to stop for some coffee . I 'll see you Friday night . Morning , Tom . Mm . What will it be ? Scrambled , sunny - side up , over easy ? Just a cup of coffee . Are you sure ? Breakfast is the most important meal of the day , you know . Neelix ! Right . Uh ... Neelix ... did you have a rough night or something ? Why do you ask ? Because you just poured me a steaming cup of cooking oil . Actually , I did have a little trouble sleeping last night . Nightmares . Oh . Me , too . Must have been those three full moons we passed yesterday . Well , a few sips of my coffee should clear the fuzz out of your brain . Maybe you should pour yourself a cup while you 're at it . Seem to be a little shorthanded today . Tom and Harry are both late . I was going to give them another five minutes , but I 'll call them now , if you 'd like . That 's all right . I 'm a little late myself , aren 't I ? I wasn 't going to mention it . Burning the midnight oil ? Actually , I went to bed early for a change , but I had a nightmare and I could not get back to sleep . I had a bad dream last night , too . You tell me yours and I 'll tell you mine . Sorry I 'm late , Captain . Well ? I was in the forest with my father . We were hunting deer , which was odd , because that was something I always refused to do . We cornered the animal . I looked to my father to see if he was going to kill it , but he wasn 't my father anymore . He was a vicious - looking alien . There was an alien in my dream , too . And it wasn 't from any race I 've seen before . He had ... sharp ridges on his forehead and on the front of his neck . That 's what mine looked like . I don 't mean to be eavesdropping , but ... I had a nightmare last night , too , and I 'm pretty sure I saw the same guy . Tuvok ? By any chance did you have a bad dream last night ? I did have a somewhat unsettling dream , yes . It involved an alien with ridges on his face and neck . I 'd say this sounds like more than a coincidence . Let 's get the rest of the senior staff together and come up with some answers . Which reminds me , where 's Harry ? Bridge to Ensign Kim . Computer , locate Ensign Kim . Ensign Kim is in his quarters . Tuvok . Deck 6 . I 've got a hunch Harry 's dreaming about our new alien friend . That would be consistent with the experiences the rest of us have had . Tell me more about your dream . Where exactly did you see the alien ? As a matter of fact , it was here in the turbolift . What happened ? The alien simply stared at me as if scrutinizing my appearance . That 's what happened in my dream . What did you do ? I returned to my quarters . Did the alien follow you ? He did . And then ? He watched me . Doing what ? Getting dressed . Getting dressed ? Yes . I don 't suppose I should ask why you were undressed . I would prefer that you didn 't . Harry ? Harry ? Computer , open door 105 - 2 . Security clearance : Tuvok - zeta - nine . Harry ? Harry , wake up . Are they comatose ? Not exactly . They all appear to be in a hyper - REM state . I 've tried every conventional method of waking them- - from drugs to direct cortical stimulation- - but nothing works . Do you have any idea what 's causing this ? Scans haven 't detected any viral or bacterial agents . No cranial trauma , no neural disorders . They 're simply ... asleep . I 'd say it 's a pretty good bet this is somehow related to the alien from our dreams . Any progress in identifying him ? Not yet , but I 've got everyone working on it . In the meantime , what 's your recommendation ? Large doses of animazine . I thought you said drugs weren 't working . Not for them . For everybody else . Until I can determine what 's happening I 'd suggest the rest of you avoid going to sleep . I 'd say his ridges were a little more pronounced . Computer , increase facial ridge height by four centimeters . That 's closer . I think his eyes were wider apart . Computer , increase the space between the eyes by three centimeters . lncrease skin color and texture . That 's him . Has anybody seen this species before ? While you were awake , I mean . Seven ? He doesn 't resemble any species assimilated by the Borg . So is he just a figment of our imagination ? If he is , we 've all been imagining the exact same thing . One possible explanation is that he 's attempting to make telepathic contact . He 's doing more than making contact . We 've got six crew members who can 't wake up . For all we know , it 's some sort of attack . From where ? Astrometric scans haven 't revealed any ships in this vicinity or planets capable of sustaining humanoid life . So where do we look ? In our dreams . That 's the only place any of us have seen him , right ? So , if we want to communicate with him- - find out what he wants- - we 'll have to do it on his terms . How do you propose we do that ? Lucid dreaming . What 's that ? It 's a technique which allows you to take control of your dream . That happened to me once . I dreamt I was falling and suddenly I realized that I was dreaming and I could fly , land ... do whatever I wanted . I was in complete control of the dream . What happened to you by accident is something some people can do by design . I 've been able to have a lucid dream by using the same technology I use for a vision quest . I may be able to use it to communicate with this alien . Maybe so . But how do we know you 'd be able to wake up again ? It 's kind of like self - hypnosis . Before I go to sleep , I choose a visual cue- - something to let me know I 'm dreaming- - Earth 's moon , say . Once I see it , I can wake myself by tapping the back of my hand three times . Perhaps you are capable of doing this under normal circumstances , but these were hardly conventional dreams we experienced . I don 't see any other way of finding out what our friend here is after , or how we can wake up Harry and the others . Besides , we can 't stay awake forever . You 'll do this in Sick Bay under the Doctor 's supervision . The rest of you keep scanning the region . Analyze this ship from stem to stern . Wherever he is , find him . Come on . Normally , I consider a good night 's sleep an important part of any health regimen , but in this case , I can 't recommend it . I respect your medical opinion , Doctor . But at this point , we 're out of options . This will regulate your hypothalamus . But in all probability , I won 't be able to wake you . You 'll be on your own . I understand . Ready ? Pleasant dreams . Ah - koo - chee - moya . Far from the sacred places of my grandfathers , far from the bones of my people , I seek to sleep , to meet the one who has visited us in our dreams . I know this is a dream- - my dream . I 'm in control . You 're mistaken . Am I ? This is more than a dream . It 's my reality and you 're no different than the others . " The others ? " The waking species . For centuries , you 've come and found us in a state that you call " sleep " and tried to destroy us , but not anymore . Now we are in control . One by one , you will fall asleep and enter our reality , where it is you who will be destroyed . We didn 't attack you . We didn 't even know you existed until we started seeing you in our dreams . Tell me how I can wake my crew and I promise we 'll leave . As long as you 're asleep , you 're no threat to us . I can wake myself anytime I want , and if I do ... I 'm going to start looking for you in the waking world- - find where you 're sleeping . You wouldn 't want that . Leave our space . Once you 're beyond it , your people will awaken . Just tell me how far we need to go . There 's a six - planet system less than a parsec away . It marks the nearest border of our space . We can be past it in one day . Then wake yourself ... and pray you never dream of us again . Congratulations , Commander . You 're awake . Chakotay . I 'm fine . The alien- - did you see him ? And ? Well , it was certainly one of the most interesting away missions I 've ever been on . I 'll tell you about it on the way to the Bridge . Tuvok , scan for a six - planet system . It should be less than a parsec from here . I have it , Captain , at coordinates 139 mark 42 . Tom , lay in a course . Aye , Captain . Course laid in . Do you mind if I ask where we 're heading ? Past the aliens ' territory . Once we 're clear of it , Harry and the others should wake up . And the rest of us can finally get some sleep . One step at a time , Tom . From what the alien told me , it sounds like they have corporeal form , but they communicate through their dreams . For them , it 's as real as the waking world . Extraordinary . It reminds me of the Australian Aborigines . They believed the dream world was no more or less real than the waking world . In fact , their creation mythology says their ancestors actually dreamed the universe into existence . That 's mythology . This seems to be fact . I wonder ... do they ever wake up ? How did they evolve this way ? We may never know . Sometimes first contact is last contact . We 're approaching the border of the aliens ' space . Commander Tuvok , inform the Doctor . Aye , Captain . Wake up , Ensign . What 's going on ? You were napping . In Sick Bay ? We had to move you here when we couldn 't wake you . Whew . How long ? 17 hours . I take it you experienced nightmares like the rest of the crew . Oh , I had nightmares , all right . Tell me about them . Well ... I was , uh , in the corridor ... Captain Janeway asked me to bring you the results of our astrometric scans . She thought they might be helpful in determining the precise cause of the crew 's somnolence . Thank you . Ensign Kim , now that you 're awake , I require your assistance in Jefferies Tube 21 - Beta . is something wrong ? No. I , um ... I 'm still feeling a little groggy . Then , I 'll wait until you are fully recovered . Now , then , Ensign , you were telling me about your nightmare . You know what , Doc ? Um ... I 'm ... famished . Haven 't eaten in at least 17 hours , right ? Very well . Go eat , get some clothes on and report back in an hour . I 'll see you later . You too , Seven . And the next thing I knew , I was being boiled alive in a pot of my own leola root stew . Talk about a nightmare . Well , it was perfectly seasoned . Well , if it isn 't Sleeping Beauty . I do look well - rested , don 't I ? is everyone awake now ? The Doc checked us all out and says we 're fine . Have a seat . We were just trading dream stories . Tell us yours . Oh. lt was ... nothing very interesting . Just the usual ... You know , uh ... Who was she , Harry ? The woman of my dreams . What I 'd like to know is what Tuvok dreamt about . Yes , Commander , tell us . What do Vulcans dream ? Aren 't you supposed to have horrible nightmares ? I wonder what a Vulcan nightmare would be like ? Alone , exiled on a planet where the only form of communication ... is laughter . Oh , come on , Tuvok . I won 't dignify this inquisition with a response . Red Alert . All hands to battle stations . They 're coming around for another pass . Auxiliary power to the shields . Return fire . No damage to the alien ship . Our phasers can 't penetrate their shields . Arm photon torpedoes . We seem to have a knack for provoking strangers these days . Shields are off - line . Fire . I 've lost power to the torpedo launchers . What 's happening ? Power is being drained from all systems . We 're being hailed . On screen . Captain . Ensign Kim . Commander Chakotay . I 'm glad to see you all up and about . Janeway to Engineering . We need auxiliary power to the engines now . I think you 'll find that impossible . B 'Elanna , report . There 's a localized dampening field around the ship , Captain . I can 't give you engines , weapons , shields ... Everything you told me was a lie . This was all an elaborate trap to get Voyager here . It appears you 're learning more about my people after all . Prepare to surrender your ship . Captain , three more alien vessels are approaching . They are powering weapons . You 've gone to so much trouble to commandeer this ship . I don 't think you 're going to destroy it . I won 't need to . Janeway to the crew . We 're under attack . lmplement defense procedure omega . It 's no use . We 've taken every deck . The ship is ours . Captain . All the time I thought I was negotiating , they were just setting us up to fly right into their web . You couldn 't have known it was a trick . I don 't understand . They exist in dreams and reality ? Apparently , entering our dreams was their way to learn about us ... perhaps to probe our weaknesses . Not to mention lure us into an ambush . We need to retake the ship . That means getting out of this cargo bay . I checked the Jefferies tubes . They 're sealed . Maybe we can open them manually . That 's not going to be easy . They 've got people everywhere . We 'll have to create a diversion . Any ideas ? I have one , Captain . What the hell are you doing ? Creating a diversion . Ensign Kim , it is your fault we have been captured . I suggest you fight back . Tom ... try to get into a Jefferies tube . You two work on the power grid . I 'll deal with this . Stop , stop ! What 's going on here ? These are my people . I 'll handle them . Ensign , that 's enough . Move ! What 's wrong ? I 'm still asleep . What are you talking about ? Chakotay ! Commander Chakotay , you 're awake . Am I ? Are you sure ? Of course you are . What are you looking for ? The moon . What ? I don 't see it . Where 's the Captain ? Asleep- - along with the rest of the crew . All of them ? Except me . No rest for the never - weary . What happened ? As soon as you entered your lucid dream , they all began falling asleep one by one . I 've been trying every method I can think of to revive them , but nothing works . It 's been 39 hours . I 've been asleep for almost two days ? If I can 't wake them soon , I 'm going to have to start feeding them intravenously . They let me think I was awake , but I was still dreaming . You weren 't the only one . Look at this . What is it ? A neurogenic field created by heightened electrical activity in the brain . It 's been occurring in all the sleeping crew members- - and that 's not all . This is Ensign Kim 's brain wave pattern , indicating that he 's dreaming in a hyper - REM state . This is Crewman Foster 's pattern . They 're identical . Lieutenant Torres , Captain Janeway , Commander Tuvok ... I don 't know what it means . I think I do . Not only are they dreaming , they 're all having the same dream . It wasn 't just my dream . It was a communal dream . Everyone 's REM patterns are identical . They 're experiencing the same images , each from his or her own point of view . Yes. I saw the rest of the crew- - interacted with them . We were all working together to fight off an alien attack . Which wasn 't real . Oh , we 're under attack , all right . Commander ? Maybe this is the way these aliens fight their enemies . They exist somewhere in our reality as physical beings , but they must be asleep , unable to defend themselves against what they call " waking species . " We 'll never defeat them in their dream reality , but if we can find them , find where they 're sleeping , we 'll have the advantage . But we 've been scanning for life - forms since this started and we haven 't found anything . Maybe we 've been looking in the wrong place . I 'm betting a species that spends its time sleeping isn 't going to be hanging around where conventional scans can locate them . So , how do we find them ? This neurogenic field you mentioned- - anyone in a hyper - REM state would be producing one . In theory , yes . So if we scan for other neurogenic fields , it might lead us to the sleeping aliens . If you need me , I 'll be on the Bridge . Time for a little energy boost , Commander . We don 't want you drifting back to sleep . Sorry about the mess , but this is what happens when my repeated requests for a larger Sick Bay fall on deaf ears . What is it ? Scanners have detected a neurogenic field emanating from beneath the surface of a planet less than a light - year from here . Excuse me , Tom , but I 've got to change our course . Still dreaming ? How is that possible ? I don 't know , but that 's what Chakotay said right before he vanished . That doesn 't make any sense . He was wide awake right here with us . He said something about still being asleep and then he started tapping the back of his hand like he said he would to wake up from his lucid dream . And then he disappeared . The question is : Where did he go ? The aliens must have transported him somewhere . Or perhaps he did wake up . Tuvok ? It 's possible he was dreaming all of this . Wait a minute . If Chakotay was dreaming and he woke up , what are we doing here ? Perhaps we are dreaming as well . Now I 'm lost . You 're not the only one . Consider that we all experienced nightmares about an alien whose people apparently live out their lives in a dream state . Perhaps we are in that state this very moment . That 's ridiculous . We 're not asleep . Wait . When you dream , you 're rarely aware that you 're sleeping . I can understand how we could mistake dreaming for reality , but that doesn 't explain how we 're all interacting with one another . Maybe we 're not . Not what ? lnteracting with one another . Maybe this is all one person 's dream- - if , for example , mine- - and none of you are really here . Trust me , Neelix , I wish I weren 't , but I 'm here . Collective unconsciousness . Seven , come here . The Borg share a collective consciousness . These aliens may have somehow induced a state of collective unconsciousness . You mean ... we 're all sharing the same dream ? It is possible . This is all fascinating speculation , but unless we have proof to the contrary , we have to treat this like an invasion . I managed to open a Jefferies tube hatch . Good work . Neelix , Seven , Kim , do what you can to distract the guards . We 're going to find a way to retake the ship . Looks like a complete power drain . Their dampening field has shut down the warp core . Which begs the question of what they intend to do with an unpowered ship . Tuvok , grab some phaser rifles from the weapons locker . Something tells me that when we try to disable the dampening field , we 're going to get the aliens ' attention . It looks like they 're using harmonic inversion technology . If I can isolate the containment frequency , I may be able to get main power back on line . That was easy . Warning . Warp core breach in 60 seconds . Maybe a little too easy . I don 't understand . Can you eject the core ? I 'm trying . It 's not working . Warp core breach in 50 seconds . We 've got to get out of here . I 'm trying to put a containment field around Engineering . Warp core breach in 40 seconds . Got it ! Let 's move ! I don 't understand why you couldn 't eject the core ! Warp core breach in 30 seconds . Something 's not right . Captain , we must hurry ! I 'm going back in there . You 'll be killed ! Warp core breach ... I think I 'm onto something . You two go ! Captain ! That 's an order ! Warp core breach in ten seconds . Nine , eight , seven , six ... five , four , three , two , one . Either I 've become impervious to antimatter explosions ... or we 're still dreaming . A warp core explosion should have destroyed the ship . If I were awake , or if any of this were real , which it obviously isn 't . Things just weren 't adding up- - Chakotay 's disappearance , the warp core failing to eject . And as Chakotay said " lucid dreaming is about taking control " so I ... took a chance . Surely , there must have been a less extreme method of testing your assumptions . As Captain , you shouldn 't be taking chances with your life . I 'm touched by your concern , Tuvok . Now that we know this is a dream ... what do we do ? I suggest we find a way to regain consciousness . Captain , how did you wake yourself ? The same way you did . The others ? They should all be starting to wake up . Rise and shine , Mr. Paris . We need to get as far away from their planet as possible . Agreed . I 'll make the necessary course correction . What is it ? This isn 't real . Of course it is . See ? No . Doctor ? He 's paranoid- - disoriented . I suspect much of the crew will suffer similar symptoms when they awake . Try to relax , Commander . I 'm going to sedate you . No ! I need to wake up , not sleep ! I 'm here to help you . No ! It 's all right , Commander . You 're awake again . What happened ? You dozed off . I couldn 't wake myself like I did before . Our proximity to the neurogenic field is making it more difficult to stay conscious . I need to get down there and find a way to neutralize it . Not so fast . This is a highly potent animazine derivative . If you feel yourself falling asleep again , you must use it . And , Commander , I suggest we keep an open com line . I may need to provide you with a verbal splash of cold water every now and then . It 's not working . It 's safe to assume that Chakotay and the Doctor are making every effort to wake us from our sleep . We have to let the rest of the crew know what 's happening- - that as long as they know they 're in a dream , they can 't be harmed . And if the aliens try to stop us ? Then we turn this dreamworld of theirs ... into a nightmare . Okay , Doctor ... I 'm in . Acknowledged , Commander . Stand aside . Your weapons are useless against us . You 're not fooling anyone . We know this is a dream . You 're confused . Actually , I 'm finally seeing things clearly . Shoot them . Now , stand aside . All of you , listen closely . What we have to do is stay in control of the dream . If we can do that , the aliens shouldn 't be able to hurt us . You sound very sure of yourself , Captain . Why shouldn 't I be ? Have you thought about what 's happening to your bodies in the waking world ? How long do you think they 'll survive without nourishment ? Without physical activity ? Your bodies are withering away as we speak . You can 't stop it . Don 't be so sure . It 's some kind of transmitter . It looks like they use it to amplify the neurogenic field . Can you turn it off ? I tried knocking it out with my phaser , but there 's some kind of force field . Commander ? I 'm sorry . I 'm having trouble concentrating . Time for your medicine . Doctor , this animazine- - it 's pretty powerful . Yes . And I suggest you take it immediately . These aliens ... they look pretty frail . That 's fascinating , Commander . Now please inject yourself . They probably wouldn 't have the same tolerance for stimulants that we do . What are you getting at ? The animazine might be capable of waking up one of these aliens . Commander , I 'd be happy to discuss comparative pharmacology with you after you administer your injection . Actually ... I think I 'm going to give it to one of my sleepy friends here . What would that accomplish ? If I can wake him up , I might be able to get him to deactivate this generator . There 's not enough animazine for two doses . If you fall asleep again , there 's no way I can revive you . Doctor , I want you to go to the Bridge . Commander ... I 'm giving you an order ! Go to the Bridge and target my com signal with a photon torpedo . You 're delirious . You 're asking me to incinerate you . Not just me ... these aliens ... and their transmitter , too . But only if you don 't hear from me in five minutes . Understood ? Commander ... Understood ? Aye , sir . Tell me how to deactivate this transmitter , or I start shooting . What happened ? Looks like he woke up . I 'll give you five seconds . Four ... three ... two ... Chakotay . Who 's going to help you now , Captain ? I found the cavern and your people . I 'm there right now in the waking world . And it 's all going to be destroyed in less than two minutes unless you deactivate that transmitter . If you are there , you 'll be killed , too . I think you 're lying . Oh , believe me , if I don 't contact my ship , you and I are both going to die in our sleep . Chief Medical Officer 's Log , Stardate 5147 1 . 3 . With the neurogenic field neutralized , I 've been successful in reviving the entire crew . Unfortunately , the experience has produced a troubling side effect for many of them- - acute insomnia . Computer , lights on . Sorry , Commander . I didn 't mean to frighten you . You 're not starting breakfast this early , are you ? Just rearranging the supply cabinets . I couldn 't sleep . Neither could I . How about a soothing cup of tea ? Sounds good . I know it 's silly , but every time I 'm about to doze off , I ... become terrified that I won 't be able to wake again . You , too ? We just finished a little late - night hoverball on the holodeck . Three games in a row . We were hoping it would wear us out . You know , I could learn to enjoy these late - night get - togethers . Speak for yourself . I would kill for a good night 's sleep . Neelix , I think it 's time for breakfast .
