 Lieutenant , Ensign . Hey , Seven . Have some dinner . The potato salad isn 't half bad . I do not require nutrition at this time . I would like to talk with you . Okay . Ensign Kim , what is your place of origin ? You mean where am I from . Well , I was born in South Carolina ... Lieutenant Torres , explain why you became a member of the Maquis . Um , it was through Chakotay . I met him ... Well , actually , he saved my life . List the sports you play . I 've dabbled in quite a few- - tennis , parrises squares ... but my favorite is volleyball . It 's ... Specify the foods you find enjoyable . Seven , what is this ? Describe the nature of your sexual relationship with Lieutenant Paris . Okay , that 's it . Computer , freeze program . Would you care to explain what you 're doing ? I 'm doing exactly what you instructed me to do . I hardly think so . I created this program to help you become more comfortable in social situations , not to practice alienating people . You made recommendations about how to carry on a conversation . That 's true . You said it 's helpful if people feel you 're interested in them ... Correct . ... and that drawing them out by asking them about themselves is one way to demonstrate that interest . That doesn 't mean subjecting them to an interrogation . You have to let them answer . Listen to what they 're saying . Ask another question on the same subject . Take your time . Shall we try again ? I believe I am overdue for my weekly medical maintenance . We should go . Seven , you 've never volunteered for a checkup before . It is preferable to remaining here . What have we got here ? Looks like a Mutara - class nebula with a few trace constituents that aren 't in our database , but they 're showing up in minute quantities . The nebula is vast , Captain . It extends beyond the reach of our sensors . Huh . Then I guess we won 't try to go around it . Tom , take us in at one - half impulse . Yes , ma 'am . I 'm detecting a slight radioactive field . It 's ... Harry ? Nothing . Uh ... it 's just a headache coming on . Maybe you should go to Sick Bay . Yeah , maybe so . Captain ! Oh , God ! Oh ... Tom , turn us around . Get us out of here . Janeway to Sick Bay . Yes , Captain . We need help . What happened ? I 'm being inundated with calls ! Hurry ! Seven , go to the Bridge . Use the dermal regenerator to treat the burns . Course laid in . We 've cleared the nebula . All stop . He 's dead . The nebula extends for at least 1 10 light - years , possibly more . At the least it would take us well over a month to get through it and more than a year to get around it . The crew was unable to tolerate the nebula for even a few minutes . They certainly could not survive a month . We 've come 15 , 000 light - years . We haven 't been stopped by temporal anomalies , warp - core breaches or hostile aliens , and I am damned if I 'm going to be stopped by a nebula . I 'll be in Sick Bay . I 've analyzed a sample of the gases from the nebula . I think the damage came from subnucleonic radiation . Even the briefest exposure is devastating to organic tissue . Can you give us any protection against the effects ? Yes . Stasis chambers- - independent life support for each unit . Are you suggesting ... that the entire crew be put in suspended animation ? Yes . I , of course , would stay on line in order to monitor everyone . Well , this is a drastic step , Doctor . Are there any other options- - adjusting the shields , inoculations ? I assure you , I 've considered all possibilities . This is the only way . There 's more to getting through the nebula than monitoring the crew . Who would regulate ship systems , make course adjustments ? I think I 've demonstrated that I have a command of the rudimentary aspects of piloting . Of course you have , and I know that you could do it , but you 'll need backup . We have no idea what effect the nebula radiation might have on your holo - matrix . What if you went off - line ? There was only one crew member besides myself that seemed unaffected by the nebula . I want you to understand the seriousness of this responsibility . The lives of the entire crew will be on your shoulders . You doubt my ability to fulfill this task . Ordinarily , not at all , but this is an unusual situation . After being in the collective ... it wasn 't easy for you to adjust to a ship with only 150 people on it , was it , Seven ? How would you feel with only the Doctor for company ? I will adapt . Most humans don 't react particularly well to long periods of isolation . Borg drones have even more difficulty . As you pointed out , I am neither human nor Borg . I can do this , Captain . All right . I 'll work with my senior staff to draw up a list of duties , but let me make it clear . The Doctor will be in command . You will follow his instructions just as you would follow mine . Follow the orders of a hologram . He 's our Chief Medical Officer , and he is thoroughly grounded in Starfleet protocols . You will report to him . I understand . The Doctor 's preparing the stasis units now . They should be ready by 1700 hours . And ... how long will this be for ? We don 't know for certain . At least a month , maybe longer if the nebula is larger than we estimate . I 've never been in long - term stasis . Are there any side effects ? The Doctor assures me it 'll be just like taking a nap . We 'll go into the units ; our cardiopulmonary systems will be slowed ; neural activity suspended ; and we 'll wake up feeling as though we 'd had a good night 's sleep . There are things that can go wrong . At least , that 's what I 've read . We will be carefully monitored by Seven and the Doctor , who will check our vital signs four times a day and take care of any other problems . I assume that we 've explored all the alternatives . I think we 're all feeling uneasy about this , and I 'd be lying if I said I don 't have concerns myself , and I think it 's about loss of control . We always feel better if we think we 're in charge of our own circumstances . In stasis , we 're giving up that control and no Starfleet officer likes to do that . But crews have been in stasis much longer than a month . I think we can handle this . All right ? You 're free until 1700 hours . I 'll make a shipwide announcement when the Doctor 's ready . Dismissed . Something else ? I want you to tell me that this isn 't a mistake . Your turn to get reassurance ? Maybe . But my concern isn 't about going into stasis . It 's about who you 're leaving in charge . You 're worried about Seven . Maybe you need to step outside yourself for a minute . Look at the fact that here 's someone who 's butted horns with you from the moment she came on board ; who disregards authority and actively disobeys orders when she doesn 't agree with them . And this is the person I 'm giving responsibility for the lives of this entire crew . I suppose you want me to tell you I 'm not crazy . In a nutshell . I know your bond with Seven is unique ; different from everyone else 's . From the beginning , you 've seen things in her that no one else could . But maybe you could help me understand some of those things . I don 't know if I can . It 's just instinct . There 's something inside me that says she can be redeemed . In spite of her insolent attitude , I honestly believe she wants to do well by us . That 's good enough for me . See you at 1700 hours . If I have to take a nap for a month , I really would rather do it in my quarters . Everyone 's being relocated here to Deck 14 , so we can monitor you more easily . Hop in . Come on , Tom . Sleepy time . What if we ... had to get out in a hurry ? You can unlock the unit from inside , Tom . Do I detect a hint of claustrophobia , Lieutenant ? Why do they have to design these things like coffins ? Should we replicate you a teddy bear ? Sleep tight . Have no worries , Captain . You 'll go to sleep , and the next thing you know , I 'll be standing over you , telling you we 're through the nebula . I 'm leaving this ship in good hands . I have every confidence in both of you . See you in a month . Well , it 's just the two of us now . Personal Log , Seven of Nine , Stardate 51929 . 3 . This is the tenth day of our journey through the Mutara nebula . I have created an efficient daily routine . Nutritional supplement 14 - beta - 7 . Computer , adjust heading by . 347 degrees starboard . Course adjusted . Seven of Nine to the Doctor . Go ahead . Lieutenant Paris has left his stasis unit and is unconscious . I 'll be right there . Apparently , he 's more claustrophobic than I thought . But he doesn 't seem to have suffered any ill effects . is this likely to happen again ? It 's not unheard of for people to come out of stasis and start wandering . Leave it to Mr. Paris to be just as much trouble now as when he 's awake . You knew this might happen . Why complain about it ? If you had even the slightest sense of humor , you 'd realize I was making a small joke . Very small . Give me his vital signs . Please . Pulse 42 . Body temperature 97 . 6 . Blood pressure 100 / 50 . Good . I will continue on my rounds . I think not . We 're paying a visit to the holodeck . I have no time for frivolous pursuits . This isn 't frivolous ; it 's essential . You 've been getting more irritable and short - tempered - with each passing day . - So have you . That 's only because I 'm having to put up with you . I think you need a little brush - up course in how to get along with people . There is no one here to get along with . I 'm here . This isn 't a suggestion , and it 's not a request . It 's an order . Try one , Commander . Thank you , Neelix . Captain ? Ooh , thank you . What have we here ? Delicious . Join the party , Seven . It 's no fun to stand there by yourself . I have no desire to have fun . No ? I 'm attempting to recalibrate the warp field , in order to resist the nebula 's radiation . I understand you have some knowledge of warp field theory . Perhaps you could assist me . I 'd be happy to give it a try . Let 's see ... the subspace field matrix looks right ... Captain ? Excuse me a minute . Perhaps you could help , as well . We 're attempting to find a stronger warp field calibration . How interesting . Maybe if we vary the EM stress parameters , the warp field dynamic would increase . Excellent idea , Captain . And if the warp coils were re - phased , it would increase power to the nacelles . There is an additional problem . We must compensate for a subspace induction drag on the engines . Pardon me , Captain , Mr. Neelix . Computer , freeze program . You 're completely missing the point of this exercise . You 're supposed to be mixing and mingling , not working on engineering problems . You ordered me to participate in this program . You did not specify topics of conversation . You 're splitting hairs . You know very well what purpose this program is supposed to serve . I find that it serves no purpose whatsoever . Because you 're being intentionally perverse . Holodecks are a pointless endeavor fulfilling some human need to fantasize . I have no such need . What you need is some editorial skill in your self - expression . Between impulse and action , there is a realm of good taste begging for your acquaintance . I find your self - expression ponderous . And I can 't put up with this for another month . We can arrange to avoid one another . I wish it were that simple . Unfortunately , you have to report to me four times a day , to keep me informed about the crew . We can minimize those reports . Warning . Emergency procedures in effect . Computer , what is the nature of the emergency ? The antimatter storage tanks are failing . A cascade effect is in progress . The warp field coils are compromised , primary deuterium tank is rupturing , and the plasma conduits are ready to breach . This is awful . We have to eject the antimatter tanks . We 've got to coordinate the effort . You go to Engineering ; I 'll go to the Bridge . Doctor to Seven . Yes , Doctor . It 's worse than we thought . Engineering is flooded with plasma . You 'll never get in . I believe I can survive long enough to eject the assembly . It 's too late ! Sensors show plasma conduits rupturing on Decks 7 and 13 . I can do it . Seven ! There 's been another plasma discharge in Engineering ! The hull is breaching . Get out ! Seven , do you hear me ? It 's all right , Doctor . False alarm . Look here . I think I 've found the problem . There are malfunctions in a number of neural gel packs . As a result , false readings were fed to the sensors , which detected an emergency when there was none . We must repair them . They seem to be in sequence six - theta - nine . We 'll need replacement packs and a repair ... repair kit . These tubes certainly weren 't designed with creature comfort in mind . It seems to me the shipbuilders should 've created a space in which one could walk upright . But they did not . It doesn 't help to complain about it now . I 'll complain if I want to . It 's comforting . We can access sequence six - theta - nine from this junction . Odd . I 've never seen this kind of neural activity in the gel packs . In what sense ? The neurodes are discharging in random bursts . I would imagine the nebular activity is causing it . I 'll take this back to Sick Bay for further study . I will reroute the command processors to bypass this series . This journey certainly hasn 't lacked excitement . I can 't complain about being bored . Since you find it comforting , you 'll undoubtedly find something else to complain about . No doubt . You really should try it . What 's happening ? My ... My program is degrading . The mobile emitter ? I don 't know . I have to get back to Sick Bay . Hurry ! I am hurrying . If the mobile emitter goes off - line while I 'm out of Sick Bay , my program may be irretrievable ! Don 't panic . It 's counterproductive . That 's easy for you to say . You 're not facing cybernetic oblivion . Doctor ... lf that happens again , I 'm a goner . Home , sweet Sick Bay . I never thought I 'd be so glad to see these walls . Give me the emitter . The electro - optic modulator is damaged . You 're right . It 's worthless . There 's no way I can risk using it now . I 'm stuck here . The nebula is having a deleterious effect on all the ship 's technology . And we still have weeks to go . It 's up to you to keep the ship running . We can 't afford to break down in this nebula . I won 't disappoint you . 0600 hours . Regeneration sequence complete . Personal Log , Seven of Nine , Stardate 51932 . 4 . The 29th day in the Mutara nebula . I believe I am beginning to feel the effects of this prolonged isolation . My dreams have been ... disturbing ... but I am determined to fulfill my responsibilities . With the Doctor confined to Sick Bay , I have taken on increasing duties . The ship 's systems are beginning to require constant maintenance in order to avert disaster . This morning , I must purge the auxiliary plasma vents . End log . Computer , trim heading by . 31 degrees port . Computer , respond . Computer , trim heading by . 31 degrees port . Attempting to make correction . Please stand by . Attempting to make correction . Unable to comply . Manual override . Computer , initiate a level - 4 diagnostic of your command processors . Diagnostic in progress . Astrometrics . Diagnostic complete . Analyze . Quantum failures are present in 33 percent of gel pack relays . Reroute all functional relays through subprocessor chi - one - four . Rerouting complete . Relay failures bypassed . Display Voyager 's current position within the nebula . How long to complete passage through the nebula ? Six days , five hours . Six days . Seven ... help ! Proximity alert . Vessel approaching . The vessel is hailing . Open a channel . Channel open . This is the Federation Starship Voyager . State your identity . I 'm Trajis Lo - Tarik . I 'm in need of a microfusion chamber . Would you consider a trade ? Why are you in this nebula ? Trying to get through it , as I imagine you are . Do you have liquid helium ? You 're fortunate . I have an ample supply . I 'll beam you directly to our cargo bay . Seven of Nine- - that 's an unusual name . How did you get it ? It was my Borg designation . Borg ? Never heard of them . Are you alone on this ship ? No . The entire crew is here in stasis and our Doctor is in Sick Bay . I 'm both pilot and crew on my ship . Fortunately , I happen to be resistant to the effects of the nebula . What about your technology ? The radiation is causing damage to ours . I 've had to rebuild my engines twice already . If you 've been in the nebula for three weeks , you 're doing well . I am hopeful our propulsion system will remain operational for the next six days . I 'll admit I was surprised to find another ship headed toward me . No one has ever managed to cross the nebula . If it weren 't necessary , we wouldn 't be attempting it . I 'm here by choice . I 'm determined to be the first to get through . I 've tried five times before and failed , but this time I 'm sure I 'll make it . I want to see what 's on the other side . It is nothing remarkable . But I 'll be the first of my kind to see it . Tell me , how are you handling the loneliness ? What do you mean ? You know what I mean . No matter what you say ... you 're all alone here . The microfusion chamber you requested . I 've heard the drones can 't stand being alone . They 're too used to the collective . How could you know that ? It 's true , isn 't it ? You said you 'd never heard of the Borg . Don 't be offended . I 've no grudge with them . You have what you asked for ; now leave . I thought we could keep each other company for awhile , maybe have something to eat . No . And if I want to stay longer ? You will not be accommodated . There 's no need for this , you know . I mean you no harm . I think maybe you 're a little paranoid . That 's what loneliness can do to you . You 'd be a lot better off to spend some time with me . We could get to know each other . Quiet . Seven ! Help me ! Seven ! Seven of Nine to the Doctor . We have an intruder on board . He must have a cloaking device . Sensors show no alien life signs and no evidence of a ship . I 've been working on my mobile emitter . I think I 'm making progress , but I still can 't leave Sick Bay . You 'll have to try to track him down . Arm yourself , and use extreme caution . Warning . Deuterium tank levels are fluctuating beyond acceptable tolerances . The computer sounds like it needs a stimulant . It has been experiencing relay failures . I have not been performing my maintenance duties . Do what you have to , but keep an eye out for the alien . We have to assume he 's up to no good . Seven ... are you ... frightened ? I am Borg . Who 's there ? Seven . Help me . Seven . I 'm dying , Seven . Don 't let me die . The lives of the crew are on your shoulders . Seven , help me . Help , Seven . I need help . We need you , Seven . I 'm dying , Seven . Seven of Nine . That 's an unusual name . How did you get it ? Don 't want to answer me ? That 's all right . I don 't mind . I know you 're not yourself today . But you might be interested in what I 'm doing now . I know your sensors can 't detect me , so if you want to know where l am , you 'll have to ask . Playing stubborn ? That 's a mistake . It could lead to an unfortunate accident . Just to prove I 'm willing to give you a fair chance , I 'll ask you : What would happen if the structural integrity around the warp coils collapsed ? You wouldn 't have much time to keep them from rupturing . I couldn 't bring myself to destroy your ship . I hope you 're not afraid of the dark . Where are you ? Finally . I 'm glad you 're responding . It 's going to be much more interesting if we play this game together . Your location . A long way from you , on the Bridge- - command center of your ship , I believe . I can do just about anything from here . Seven ! Help ! Seven to Trajis . Are you still there ? Of course . Do you think I 'd leave now ? I am enjoying this game . What 's next ? That 's better . Well , let 's just imagine that one of the photon torpedoes was activated but not ejected . I would have to get to the torpedo bay quickly . And even then , you might be too late , but , of course , you have to try . Let 's play another game . Let 's imagine that the oxygen on the Bridge has been depleted . What ? What do you suppose the results might be ? Computer , seal the Bridge with a level - 3 force field . Bridge sealed . Seven of Nine to the Doctor . I 'm here . I have incapacitated the alien . He will not trouble us again . Good work . I have my mobile emitter back on line . Where are you now ? In Engineering . I 'll be right there . I have interesting news about the neural gel packs . Acknowledged . In your heart , you knew you 'd see me again . You can 't defeat me . You 're too weak . Don 't come any closer . You couldn 't stand being alone , could you ? You felt vulnerable , afraid , because you know what you are . Stop . At first , you thought you could become human , but now you know that 's impossible , don 't you ? You 're Borg . That 's what you 're meant to be- - one of many . But your days of power are gone . You 're all alone now ... weak , pathetic . Don 't come any closer . I 'll kill you . Seven ? Be careful , Doctor ! He 's dangerous ! Who are you talking to ? Where did he go ? There 's no one else here . He was . He was right here . Seven ... you 're hallucinating . No , I saw him ! There was no one else in this room . You mean I imagined him . Yes . I heard Lieutenant Paris call for help . I saw him and the others . Did I imagine them , as well ? I believe so . When I studied the gel pack , I discovered the radiation was producing a degradation in the synaptic relays . I 'm guessing there 's been a similar effect on your Borg implants . The radiation could be altering the neurotransmitter levels in your sensory nodes . That would explain why you 're hearing voices ... seeing images . But they seemed real . Hallucinations usually are . That 's what makes them so frightening . Once , when I was a drone ... I was separated from the collective for two hours . I experienced panic ... and apprehension . I am feeling that way now . I 'll do everything I can to help you . We 'll get you to Sick Bay . An anti - psychotic may help- - at least until I determine just what neural functions are being affected . What was that ? Warning . Primary EPS conduits are overloading . I tied my mobile emitter into the EPS conduits . Computer , access the EPS conduits . Unable to comply . My program 's going off - line . No ! Warning . Primary EPS conduits overloading . Secondary systems are failing . Seven , you 've got to hang on . Repair the EPS conduits . Everything depends on you now . I cannot function alone . You have to . You 're the only way we can survive . No ! Display Voyager 's current position within the nebula . It doesn 't matter . You won 't make it . Computer , how long before Voyager is out of the nebula ? 17 hours , 1 1 minutes . That 's an eternity . Go away . You can try to shut me out , but it won 't work . Warning . Propulsion system failure in progress . Seven of Nine , Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One . You have left the collective . It was a foolish decision . Now you are alone . You have lost the many ; you are only one . You have become human , weak , pathetic . Humans do not have our strength . They are imperfect . Now you are imperfect as well . No . You will not survive . You cannot survive without the collective . I will adapt . By becoming weaker , less perfect . I will adapt as an individual . One . One alone . A Borg cannot be one . I will become stronger . A Borg cannot be one . She will die as one- - weak , detached , isolated . One Borg cannot survive . I am an individual . I will survive alone . No . You are weak . You will die alone . He 's right . You 're in pain , Seven . I can help you . Bridge . You don 't have to beg me . You don 't even have to ask . All you have to do is make a choice . I can survive alone . That 's where you belong . No . End your pain . Just walk through that door , and you 'll never be alone again . It 's not real . Seven of Nine , resistance is futile . Bridge ! Seven of Nine . You look a little worse for wear . I didn 't know she was still on board . I never wanted her here in the first place . She won 't be here long . She can 't survive alone . I 'm taking bets on how long she 'll last . She 'll fall apart before we leave the nebula . And then everybody will die . Well , blame me . I put my trust in her . I should 've known better . Warning . Propulsion system failure in progress . What is she doing now ? She 's trying to keep the engines on line . Place your bets . Anybody think she can do it ? I 'll lay odds she can 't . Computer , how long until the ship is out of the nebula ? 41 minutes . Too long . She won 't make it . That 's an eternity . Computer , reroute available power from weapons , sensors and environmental controls to the engines . Warning . Propulsion system failure in progress . Reroute all available power to the engines . Propulsion systems have failed . All engines are off - line . She 's got herself a real problem now . I 'll say . She 's taken power from every available system , and it 's still not enough . But if she fails to get the ship moving , everyone on board will die . What do you think she 'll do ? I know what she 's thinking . She 's thinking if she could take power from the stasis units on Deck 14 , she might be able to get those engines back on line . But that would mean sacrificing some of the crew . I don 't think that would bother her too much . What matters to Seven is efficiency . Sacrificing a few to save many would be an efficient plan . She 's already killed millions ; would a few more matter ? Computer , divert power from stasis units 1 through 10 , and reroute to the propulsion systems . Engines are back on line . Resume course . Look at that . She did it ! But those people she disconnected are going to die . I win. I knew she didn 't care about them . Come to watch them die ? Warning . Power to stasis units has failed . Computer , how long to complete passage through the nebula ? 1 1 minutes . They won 't last that long . What do you do now , Seven ? It 's all up to you . Computer , cut life support to all decks and reroute available power to the stasis units . That will keep them alive , but what about you ? No oxygen , no heat . Good - bye , Seven . I am Seven of Nine . I am alone ... but I will adapt . I will ... She 's coming to . Not so fast . Get your bearings first . The crew ? We came through the nebula in fine shape , thanks to you . You were the one we almost lost . When the ship cleared the nebula , the Doctor came back on line and found you unconscious . He reinitiated life support and woke the crew . He tells us you 've had quite an adventure . It was interesting . Well , when you 're rested , I 'd like to hear about it . I 'm proud of you , Seven . You performed admirably . I am glad I was able to help . Neelix , this soup is great . What is it ? It 's my secret recipe . I 've never told anyone what 's in it . Why does that make me nervous ? Oh , come on , Tom . Where 's your sense of adventure ? Not in my stomach . Food and mystery don 't go together . I like to know what I 'm eating . Coward . Lieutenants Paris and Torres , Ensign Kim . Seven. I 'm surprised to see you here . May I join you ? Sure . Have a seat . Have some soup . It 's actually edible . I don 't require nourishment at this time . I ... felt the need for companionship . Well , after a month with only the Doc for company , I can understand it . Yeah . Uh , what was that like , anyway- - just the two of you ? The Doctor was very helpful . I cannot fault him . Well , we owe you one . Yeah . Just think , we could 've died in those coffins . I suspect you would 've found a way out before that , Lieutenant . What do you mean ? Lieutenant Paris refused to stay confined . On four separate occasions , the Doctor and I had to put him back into his stasis unit . Were you , um , locked in dark closets or something as a child ? I just don 't like closed places . I never have . I don 't know why . Perhaps you dislike being alone .
