 ... and since I was the only crew member who could survive the corrosive atmosphere , it was up to me to retrieve the data module and save the day . Ah , here I am ... mission accomplished . Ah ... Then , of course there was the perilous mission to La 'voti V. You remember that one , don 't you , Mr. Paris ? How could I forget ? Here you are after your unfortunate slip into the fetid mud pits of Pala Mar. Hey , I was pushed . Of course you were . Thank you , Doctor . We 've all enjoyed your holo-images enormously . Oh , but I haven 't finished yet . There 's more ? The best is yet to come , Lieutenant . I 've created a fascinating 12-part holographic essay which I call " Under the Skin : Humanoid Anatomy as Art . " Let 's begin with this stunning magnification of the Vulcan reproductive gland . Note the composition . The subtle variations in color . 2100 hours , Commander . All systems reporting normal . Acknowledged . Like I said , it 's 2100 hours . I heard you the first time , Harry . They 've been in there over an hour . I 'm aware of that . Didn 't the Captain ask you to rescue them after 30 minutes ? Harry , you and I were lucky enough to enjoy the Doctor 's scintillating exhibition for two full hours . Would it really be fair of us to deny our friends the same unforgettable experience ? Of course not , sir . Thank you . Thank you for coming . We 'll do it again soon . We 've still got thousands of light-years to while away . This could be a weekly event . What happened to going to Yellow Alert after half an hour ? Commander Chakotay appears to have disobeyed a direct order . Definitely grounds for court-martial . Hey , Neelix . Coffee ? I could use a whole pot . Let me guess . The Doctor 's photographic essay ? One mind-numbing image after the next . Oh , I don 't know . I thought some of those pictures were pretty funny . You mean like the one where Tom slipped into a mud pit ? You 're famous . Then , of course , there 's the one depicting a certain Chief Engineer with her foot stuck in a plasma injector . What ? Really ? Well , I seem to have missed that one . The Doctor must have taken it out of the exhibition . Oh , I can 't wait to get my hands on it . Maybe I can distribute it to everyone 's personal database . Try it and I 'll kill you ... right after I finish deleting the Doctor 's program . What 'd you put in this coffee , Neelix ? I 'm reading a massive energy wave 900,000 kilometers off the starboard bow , heading right for us . Source ? Unknown . Shields up . Evasive maneuvers . The wave just changed course . It seems to be tracking us ! Go to warp 8 . Too late . Engines are down . Everybody hang on . All stop . Shields are holding . Minor damage to the hull plating on Deck 15 . No injuries . Stand down Red Alert . Captain , when the wave hit , our communications array received a download . What sort of download ? I 'm not sure . Lots of information . I can 't decipher it , but there 's an audio component . Let 's hear it . Harry , try all the standard decryption algorithms . It 's strange . The wave followed us , but it didn 't cause any damage . Instead , we get a download to our database . I 'd say it 's a pretty good bet somebody 's trying to tell us something . The wave left a residual ion trail . We might be able to locate its point of origin . Set a course . Looks like it 's taken quite a beating . Life signs ? One . Nonhumanoid . It 's very faint . Probably injured . Beam it to Sick Bay . Are you sure that 's wise , Captain ? I 'm betting that message we received was some sort of distress call and if we 're going to help , I 'd rather do it on Voyager . The physiology is so unusual the tricorder can 't make heads or tails of it . The creature 's obviously injured , but I haven 't a clue how to treat it or even diagnose it . My scans came up with something interesting , Captain . The interfaces on the alien 's vessel can only be activated chemically . I 'm guessing that this life-form somehow interfaces directly with the ship 's systems using biochemical secretions to give commands . That would explain how it can fly a ship . I 'm hoping this can also help us figure out ... No ! You 'll hurt B 'Elanna ! Get it off of me ! Janeway to Kim . Beam the alien life-form back to its vessel now ! I 'm having trouble getting a lock . It 's piercing her neck ! Her heart and lungs are seriously compromised and her kidneys are failing . The creature 's also secreting some kind of paralyzing agent into her bloodstream . How do we get it off her ? I can 't remove it surgically , not without doing irreparable harm to B 'Elanna 's internal organs . Can we get a lock on the creature- - transport it off ? Not unless we want to beam B 'Elanna 's cardiopulmonary system along with it . We have to do something ! No one is disputing that , Mr. Paris . The question is : What ? If I 'm to have any hope of devising a treatment , I 'll need to brush up on my exobiology . What do you mean , " brush up " ? Don 't you have all this information in your database ? I may be a walking medical encyclopedia , but even I don 't know everything . My matrix simply isn 't large enough . Maybe we can do better than giving you a crash course in exobiology . Maybe we can provide you with a consultant . I 'd be delighted , but how ? By isolating the computer 's exobiology data files and merging them into an interactive matrix . - A hologram . - Exactly . That may not be as simple as it sounds . It would need to be nearly as sophisticated as I am- - tactile interfaces , personality subroutines ... Harry could do it . Search the database for a leading exobiologist . If you want to add a personality , it may as well be based on a real person . I 'll have Harry meet you on Holodeck 2 . Stay with her and monitor her vital signs . Call me if there 's any change . I still have my doubts about this , Doc . It 's one thing to create a simple hologram , but you 're trying to merge an extensive database with an interactive matrix . Don 't be a pessimist , Mr. Kim . Together , we 'll create a masterpiece of holographic art . A subject for your next slide show ? - Perhaps . - Can 't wait . What 's the name of that exobiologist you chose ? Crell Moset . Here 's the file . Let 's start with the parameters for physical appearance . Computer , display a holographic simulation of Crell Moset . Have you mentioned to anyone else that this guy 's a Cardassian ? What difference does it make ? Maybe you haven 't heard . They 're not the exactly the friendliest folks in the galaxy . I don 't care if he 's the nastiest man who ever lived , as long as he can help us save B 'Elanna . Good point . Computer , transfer all referenced medical files to the simulation . Transfer complete . Now install personality subroutines and voice approximation . Installation complete . Dr. Moset , I 'd like to consult with you about an alien life-form . I am Crell Moset , Chief Exobiology Specialist Cardassia Prime , ... to perform all surgical procedures . This is going well . What 's wrong ? Some sort of overload in the interactive matrix . Can you clear it up ? I 'm trying . Computer , install a recursive algorithm . Algorithm installed . Try it again . Dr. Moset ? My friends call me Crell . It 's a pleasure to meet you , Crell . And you , good man , what 's your name ? Actually , I 'm in between names at the moment . I 'm an Emergency Medical Hologram . Interesting . But his friends call him Doc . Aha . May I presume ? Certainly . So , Doc , how can an old surgeon like me help a technological marvel such as yourself ? Oh , well ... I 've got a patient with a rather unusual problem . She 's become fused with a nonhumanoid life-form I know nothing about . Nonhumanoid exobiology happens to be one of my specialties . That 's exactly why we 've created your program . Program ? You 're a hologram as well . Interesting . I 'd like to see the patient right away . Mr. Kim , would you do the honors , please ? No problem . Listen , if he destabilizes again , take him off-line and call me . Understood . Lieutenant , may I present Crell Moset ? It 's a pleasure . She 's been drifting in and out of consciousness . Don 't be rude , Lieutenant . To him ? No offense , Doc , but he 's just a ... A brilliant scientist who 's here to help us . This way , Crell . Hmm ... I can see why you 're having difficulty . Its physiology doesn 't match any of the standard templates in our database . My guess would be a cytoplasmic life-form . I agree . And from what I can tell , it has co-opted her vital systems . She 's Klingon ... No , the cranial ridges are less pronounced . Klingon-human hybrid . Exactly . Let 's hope your instincts about the creature are equally insightful . I 'm afraid this one is going to require more than a visual assessment . You have an isomolecular scanner . No . Just a standard issue Starfleet tricorder . No wonder you 're having problems making an accurate diagnosis . I suggested an upgrade to the Starfleet people at a joint medical conference , but they assumed I was just an arrogant Cardassian trying to prove his superiority ... or maybe they thought I was a spy . I hope you weren 't too offended . It 's an unfortunate reality . Sometimes even enlightened races can 't find common ground . I may be able to recalibrate this thing . There . That should help . Amazing . Well , someone from Starfleet appreciates me . I 've instructed the computer to assign symbols to all the tones received in the transmission . Looks like there were over 10,000 separate sounds used in this section of the message . It 's going to be a tough code to crack . Maybe we can get a little help from the alien vessel 's data banks . Good idea . Janeway to Seven of Nine . Yes . Any chance of downloading the alien 's data banks ? We 're looking for anything that might help us understand their language . We don 't know how much time B 'Elanna has left . We must move quickly . The vessel is on the verge of a complete systems failure . Prepare to download the data . I heard the Captain . is there a problem ? No . No problem . You seem uncomfortable taking orders from me . It 's just that I 'm used to taking orders from B 'Elanna , that 's all and to tell you the truth , she doesn 't ... Doesn 't like me . Yes , I am aware of that . However , the Captain left me in charge during Lieutenant Torres absence . Her feelings about me are irrelevant . Activate the interface transceiver . Begin the download . I 'm picking up a fluctuation in the alien ship 's power source . It 's disrupting the interface transceiver . Reinitialize . I 'm working on it . Its systems are overloading . Red Alert . Engineering to Bridge . The alien vessel is destabilizing . Its destruction is imminent . Can you download the information first ? We 're trying . Captain , it 's going to explode . Ensign , back us off . What do we know so far ? The life-form has taken control of her body at the autonomic level , drawing proteins from her tissues , white blood cells from her arteries . Which can be interpreted in several ways . A form of attack . I find it odd that a species would evolve an attack mechanism that would leave it so vulnerable . Why not do its damage and retreat ? A parasite perhaps ? Yes , I think so , but not any ordinary variety . It 's unlikely it could sustain itself like this over the long term . Its own systems are damaged . It 's doing this as a stopgap measure to keep itself alive . So the patient 's heart , lungs , kidneys- - they 're all augmenting the alien 's damaged system . It 's using B 'Elanna as a life preserver . But if it needs her to survive , it 's not about to let go without a fight . I 'd like to think that 's a fight you and I can win . We do work well together . I just wish we had access to my laboratory . It has all the instrumentation we would need . Well , we 'll just have to improvise . Not necessarily . We may be able to create a reasonable facsimile of your laboratory in our holodeck- - providing , of course , you can give an accurate description . Oh , down to the smallest detail . It 's more of a home to me than ... than my home . Tom . Hey , there . I can 't move . I know . But don 't worry . We 'll get this thing off you . Just think . I could force you to listen to rock ' n ' roll all day and you wouldn 't be able to do a thing about it . Who is that ? Relax . He 's just a hologram- - a specialist in exobiology . The Doc thinks he might be able to help you . Can 't he find somebody else ? Apparently , this guy 's the best . Besides , he 's just a walking database . Hologram or not , he 's Cardassian . As far as I 'm concerned , they 're all cold-blooded killers . I understand how you feel . Unfortunately , that cold-blooded killer may be the only one who can save your life . Impressive . Mm . is this where you did your work on the Fostossa virus ? No . Actually , I was on Bajor at the time , during the occupation . A sad chapter in Cardassian history . We had no business being there , but try telling that to the politicians . When I think of the resources that were squandered , the lives that were lost ... From what I understand , you saved thousands of lives . In retrospect , I don 't know how . The military had everything they needed , but the civilian hospitals ? No staff , the crudest equipment ... Don 't tell me . You were forced to improvise . Yes ! I know what that 's like . I didn 't have the resources to try traditional methods , so I experimented with procedures that never would have occurred to me under ordinary circumstances . The discovery of the cure was almost accidental , really . You 're being modest , Crell . No . You made medical history . You won the Legate 's Crest of Valor . Awards aren 't important , Doc . It 's the work that matters . Of course . Still , the recognition of your peers , your government must be very satisfying . I 'm sure you 've made your share of breakthroughs . Naturally . Unfortunately , no one from Starfleet ever hears about them . I toil in obscurity . Why don 't you show me your patient records ? At least I 'll know about your accomplishments . All right . Everything seems to be in order . Shall we get to work ? Computer , create a holographic re-creation of the alien in Sick Bay . Hand me that cortical stimulator , will you ? Yes . Thank you . Captain 's Log , supplemental . While the Doctor seems to be making progress , Commander Chakotay and I have hit a wall in our attempt to decipher the alien message . It was a distress call , right ? So maybe if we retransmitted that message , others of the species would realize we need their help . We don 't know where they are . We 'll send it on all subspace bands . If they 're out there , they 'll hear it . They might turn out to be unfriendly . The Doctor 's pretty sure the alien is simply trying to survive. I agree . It 'll be a difficult first contact , but we might find a way to communicate . It 's worth a shot . Tuvok , reroute auxiliary power to the deflector dish . Retransmit the alien 's message on all subspace bands . Aye , Captain . Deflector at full capacity . Chakotay . I 'm sorry . My wife tells me I 'm tone deaf . Not at all . You were right on key . If you enjoy music , we can run some opera programs after we 're finished . I 'd like that . I think we 're ready for a look inside . Scalpel ? Forgive me for saying so , but this appears to be a rather crude instrument , especially when we have such advanced equipment at our disposal . I often find the simplest tool is the most effective . All of our elaborate scanners and laser scalpels- - they remove us from our subjects . Actually feeling the anatomy , the consistency of the internal organs , it can be very instructive . Why don 't you do the honors ? Uh , make a vertical incision , say , 12 centimeters , starting here . We 're hurting it . Doctor , it 's a hologram . Of course . I guess as a hologram myself , I have a certain empathy . Keep going . Extraordinary . Look at that series of nodes . They appear to be clustered along the primary nerve . Multiple neocortices , I 'd say . Suggesting a highly intelligent species . Yes , but also presenting us with a point of attack . Attack ? If we induce a neurostatic shock in one of these nodes , I believe it will travel to the others , the creature will lose motor function and we 'll be able to remove it . The procedure will probably kill the creature . Probably . I 'd like to find a way to save them both . So would I in an ideal situation , but we have to set priorities , which , in this case , is your crewmate . This is a sentient life-form . For all we know , it could be this species ' Einstein , its Picasso . Or he could be a psychotic criminal . The point is , we don 't know and we have choices to make . Your program 's destabilizing . This is such poor timing . I 'll have to take you off-line , but don 't worry . We 'll have you up and running again in no time . Computer , take Medical Consultant Program off-line . Doctor to Ensign Kim . Go ahead , Doc . Our new program 's destabilizing . I 'll meet you in Sick Bay . We 'll try to reinitialize him there . Tabor , I could use some help . Yes , sir . Try again . No luck . Would it be easier if we reduced the hologram 's memory load ? Maybe , but I don 't want to do that unless we absolutely have to . What 's going on ? My consultant 's gone off-line . The Cardassian ? You can leave him off . I 'm surprised by your attitude , Lieutenant . I never took you for someone who would make generalizations based on race . When it comes to Cardassians , I 'm guilty as charged . I understand your experience with them was unpleasant , but if you give Crell a chance , I think you 'll find that he 's a friendly , compassionate man , not to mention a genius who 's trying to save your life . I 'll skip the introductions if it 's all the same to you . Suit yourself , but you should know I plan on asking the Captain to keep him on as a permanent consultant . I 'm not the only one who 's going to have a problem with that . Well , you 'll just have to get used to it . Who knows ? You may even grow to like him . Don 't hold your breath . How 's it coming ? We 're close . Actually , I think that should do it . Good . Computer , reactivate Medical Consultant Program Beta-1 . Hello , again . My God . What 's wrong ? That 's Crell Moset . Yes . Do I know you ? He killed my brother , my grandfather- - hundreds of people . He 's a mass murderer . You must be mistaken . It 's no mistake . Moset performed experiments on living people . Thousands of Bajorans were killed in his so-called hospital . is this true ? No , no . He 's ... There must be some misunderstanding . The liar . Take it easy , Tabor . Whoa . He 's just a hologram . I 'm upsetting him . I should go . I 'm sorry about this . Computer , transfer Medical Consultant Program to Holodeck 2 . I can still remember the sounds his instruments made ... the screams of his patients ... the smell ... of chemicals and dead flesh . He operated on my grandfather ... exposed his internal organs to nadion radiation . It took six days for him to die . I promised myself I would never forget . You were very young . is it possible your memory of these events is inaccurate ? My memory 's just fine . He blinded people so he could study how they adapted , exposed them to polytrinic acid just to see how long it would take for their skin to heal . Ensign , the man you 're accusing cured the Fostossa virus . He stopped an epidemic that killed thousands of Bajorans . By infecting hundreds of people ... so that he could experiment with different treatments- - old , helpless people ... like my grandfather ... because he considered their lives worthless . How do you know this ? Everybody knew . I remember some of the Maquis under my command talking about an infamous Cardassian doctor . Could these simply have been rumors spread by Bajorans who hated the Cardassians ? I was there . I don 't understand why this isn 't in our database . The Cardassians didn 't exactly publicize their wartime medical practices . I wouldn 't be surprised if the real Moset went on to live a normal life . He 's the Chairman of Exobiology at the University of Culat . We may not be able to do anything about the real Moset , Commander ... but the program should be destroyed . Every trace of that man 's research should be deleted from the database . I had a bad feeling about that hologram the second I saw him . Looks like your instinct was right . I won 't let him near me . You 're kidding , right ? No , I am dead serious . B 'Elanna ... lf l let that pig operate on me ... I 'll be benefiting from other people 's suffering . You 're not being rational . I won 't do it . What 's happening ? Her cytotoxin levels are going through the roof . Pulse is rapid and irregular . No doubt you 've said something to upset her . What she 's upset about , Doc , is your Cardassian buddy . Tell him . Tell me what ? She refuses to let him treat her . B 'Elanna , we 're very close to a solution . Do it without him . I don 't know that I can . Find another way . She 's going into cytotoxic shock ! Two milligrams inaprovaline ! Chief Medical Officer 's Log , supplemental . I 've managed to stabilize Lieutenant Torres for the time being , but the matter of how to proceed with her treatment remains unresolved . Isolate data block 0459 . Ensign . You wanted to see me ? We 've been looking for evidence that might support Tabor 's accusations . Anything ? Actually , that 's why we called you here . It 's not looking good . Show me . We 've been reviewing data on the Cardassian occupation of Bajor- - the alleged site of Moset 's crimes . Strategic information , log entries kept in battle , sensor scans from Starfleet vessels- - this , for example . Requisition records from one of Crell Moset 's hospitals . He was purchasing biochemical agents , including every known strain of the Fostossa virus . Of course he needed samples of the virus . That 's how vaccines are developed . Take a look at the requisition orders . Moset didn 't ask for any of the enzymes normally required for synthesizing a vaccine . It gets worse . Four days after he received the virus samples , there was a minor outbreak of Fostossa in the vicinity of his hospital . Prior to that date , there had not been a single case in the entire province . I have to report these findings to Commander Chakotay . It is curious . The Borg are accused of assimilating information with no regard for life . This Cardassian did the same and yet , his behavior is tolerated . Ah , there you are . I 'm almost ready to begin the surgery . Lieutenant Torres won 't allow you to have anything to do with her treatment . Because of that Bajoran ? We 've gathered some corroborating evidence . It appears that he 's telling the truth . You committed a series of atrocities during the Cardassian War . Thousands of Bajorans died on your surgical tables . That 's absurd . And even if it were true , I 'm only a hologram and I have no memory of those events . They 're not part of my programming . But you are the holographic representation of Crell Moset . Your program , despite all its brilliance , is based on his work . He infected patients , exposed them to polytrinic acid , mutilated their living bodies and now we 're reaping the benefits of those experiments . Medically , ethically , it 's wrong . What do you suggest we do about it ? I 'm not sure . We may have to delete your program . Delete me ? What about our patient ? I suppose I 'd have to try and treat her on my own . No offense , but you need me . I realize that . You 're a physician . You know there 's always a price to pay for the advancement of medical science . Sometimes that price is too high . Torture ? Your word , not mine . I cured the Fostossa virus , didn 't I ? So these experiments you say I conducted obviously helped me devise a treatment . Imagine how many lives would have been lost if I hadn 't eliminated this disease . That doesn 't justify using people in laboratory experiments . As I explained to you , during the occupation , I was forced to improvise . I used what resources l had . And ethical considerations , they mean nothing to you ? Ethics are arbitrary . How do you suppose your own database was developed ? Hmm ? My God , half the medical knowledge acquired on Earth came through experiments on lower animals . But not people . It 's convenient to draw a line between higher and lower species , isn 't it ? This is the 24th century , Crell . Your kind of barbarism ended a long time ago or , at least , it should have . What difference does it make how long ago the research occurred ? What matters is that we can use it to help patients today . Now , are you going to delete my program and all of the research it contains , or are we going to use it to save B 'Elanna 's life ? Come in . Commander . This request of yours to be relieved of duty- - l won 't grant it . I have the right to resign my commission . For what reason ? Moral objections to this ship 's medical policy . I understand how difficult this is for you , but you 've got to let go of the past . Focus on today , and today , B 'Elanna 's life is in danger . Everything else should be put aside . You don 't have the right to violate the memory of my family . As long as that Cardassian hologram is on line , that 's exactly what you 're doing . It 's not that simple . It is to me . Crell Moset killed thousands of people in his hospitals . As long as we 're willing to benefit from his research , we 're no better than he is . If I had weeks , or even days , maybe I could come up with an alternative , but time is of the essence and Moset 's idea will work . Then you 've got to use it . Even if the Doctor could perform the surgery without Moset 's help , he 'd still be using the man 's research . That would be going against B 'Elanna 's wishes . We 're talking about a woman who has alien tendrils sapping the life out of her . She 's obviously not thinking straight . On the contrary . Her concerns are based in logic . Logic ? If the Doctor uses knowledge that Moset gained through his experiments , we would be validating his methods , inviting further unethical research . We 'd be setting a terrible precedent . We 're in the middle of the Delta Quadrant . Who would know ? We would know . Fine . Let 's just deactivate the evil hologram and let B 'Elanna die . At least , we 'd have our morals intact . - Tom . - And you , Chakotay , since when do you care what Starfleet thinks ? This isn 't about rules and regulations . This is about doing what 's right . Spoken like a true Maquis . Well , if you 'd just set aside your hatred of the Cardassian for one second ... Enough , Lieutenant . All right , all right . The arguments have been made and we 're running out of time . The fact is , you 're both right . But when it comes down to it , the only issue I 'm concerned about is the well-being of that crew member lying in Sick Bay . We 'll wrestle with the morality of this situation later- - after B 'Elanna is back on her feet . Doctor , you have my authorization to proceed with Moset 's assistance . Yes , Captain . Any consequences of this decision will be my responsibility . Dismissed . Thanks . Scalpel . Ensign Kim , do you hear something ? Hear what ? A series of high frequencies . They are getting louder . Must be those Vulcan ears of yours . I hear it , too . Anything on sensors ? It appears to be an alien com signal . Triaxilating wavelengths . Origins ? Unknown . Captain , a vessel just dropped out of warp . Approaching fast off the port bow . On screen . Can we dampen it a little ? Negative . Harry , tell me that was just their way of saying hello . I wish I could . The universal translator doesn 't have a clue . Perhaps they are waiting for our response . Well , then , let 's give them one . Open a channel , all subspace bands . This is Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . We cannot interpret your message , but please try to understand , we are on a peaceful mission and we intend you no harm . We have one of your kind on board our ship . It 's injured and we 're attempting to provide treatment . If you can understand ... I 'm ready to stimulate the primary neural pathways . Cortical probe . I 'm applying it to the primary neocortex . Its motor control is weakening , but not enough to release the patient . Our little friend needs a bigger jolt . I 'm increasing the pulse frequency ... The synapses are degenerating . You 're killing it . Don 't lose your nerve , Doctor- - not when we 're this close . Lower the pulse frequency . If I do that , the creature will regain control . I don 't care . Lower the pulse . - Doctor ... - Lower the pulse frequency or I 'll take your program off-line . You realize you 're reducing our chances of saving her ? Not necessarily . Give me the probe . The probe , Doctor . If we apply the pulse to the secondary neocortex , we should be able to achieve the same results at a lower frequency . Not particularly efficient . But it might prove interesting . I 'm reading an energy surge in their forward section . Shields ! Doctor to Bridge . The holodeck 's going off-line . What 's happening up there ? Stand by , Doctor . They 've locked on to us with some sort of tractor beam . It 's draining our power . Reroute emergency power to the holodeck . Send an antimatter surge through the shield matrix . See if that 'll loosen their grip . No effect . We do have weapons . No. lf they wanted to destroy us , they wouldn 't be using a tractor beam . They 're trying to rescue their crew member . Captain ... This isn 't about logic , Tuvok , it 's about instinct . Now , I may not speak their language , but I have a gut feeling they don 't want an armed conflict any more than we do . Bridge to Doctor . What 's your status ? The procedure 's working . Almost there , Captain . It 's losing motor control . The tendrils are withdrawing from her lungs , liver , kidneys ... The alien 's life signs are failing . We need a substitute for the metabolic energy it was taking from B 'Elanna . Could we restore its own metabolism ? Perhaps . Give it 40 milligrams of stenophyl . It 's going into anaphylactic shock . All right . lncreasing the dosage to 60 milligrams ... We 've lost power on Decks 7 through 12 . Shields are failing , Captain . Doctor ? Stand by , Captain . Anaphylaxia is subsiding . Its electrolytic reactions are increasing . Its metabolism is stabilizing on its own . Bridge , beam the life-form to its ship . Transport complete . The alien ship is withdrawing , Captain . You 're welcome . I 've released B 'Elanna to her quarters . Her condition ? Stable , but her nervous system has suffered extreme trauma . She 'll need time to recover- - several days , at least . Good work . I should caution you , Captain- - when I told her that we 'd used Moset 's program , she was unhappy , to put it mildly . I nearly had to sedate her . It sounds like her Klingon temper has fully recovered . It practically qualifies as a chronic condition . I 'll speak to her . There 's one more topic of concern . Should we delete the program or keep Moset in our database for future emergencies ? I 'm inclined to leave this up to you , Doctor . You are the Chief Medical Officer on this ship . As far as I 'm concerned , there 's no one more qualified than you to make that decision . Thank you , Captain . But please make it quickly . I 'm eager to resolve this matter . There 's been enough moral controversy on this ship for one day . Come in . At ease . Interesting fragrance . I 'm surprised it hasn 't set off the environmental alarms . It 's a combination of mental relaxant and expeller of demons . It 's an ancient Klingon remedy . Feeling any better ? I 'm alive . I hope you can understand why I went against your wishes , B 'Elanna . Losing you was unacceptable . I know you 're angry , but we need to put this behind us . Understood ? is that an order ? Yes . You can 't order someone to get rid of an emotion , Captain . And what emotion is that ? You had no right to make that decision for me ! I 'm the Captain . You 're my crewman . I did what I thought best . I get the feeling there are still a few demons in the air . Let 's hope this does the trick , hmm ? Doc ... how 's our patient ? Recuperating . We did it . Yes ... we did . A celebration is in order . How about listening to that opera you promised me ? Oh , you 're , uh ... still wrestling with your ethical subroutines . Take my advice . It 's a waste of time . What 's important is that we saved two lives today . I 'm not concerned with today . It 's tomorrow I 'm worried about . Captain Janeway has left your future in my hands . She believes that , as Voyager 's Chief Medical Officer , it 's up to me to decide whether your program remains in our database . Personally , I predict a long and fruitful collaboration between us . Oh ? Think about what we accomplished in the last 24 hours . Our first case was a triumph . Both patients are thriving and we advanced the frontiers of medical science . I 've already outlined a paper that you and I will one day present to the Federation Medical Academy : " Total Systemic invasion of a Klingon-human Hybrid By a Cytoplasmic Pseudo-parasite . " Has a nice ring to it , don 't you think ? Are we also going to tell them where you honed your surgical techniques ? A footnote , perhaps- - " For further details , see Cardassian death camps . " Those techniques were crucial this morning . Where was your sarcasm then ? I didn 't come here to debate the issue with you , Crell . I came here to inform you of my decision . " lt is my judgment that the Medical Consultant Program " and all the algorithms contained therein " shall be deleted from the database . " ln light of recent evidence , " l cannot in good conscience utilize research that was derived from such inhuman practices . " " ln good conscience " ? What about the well-being of your crew ? You 're confronted by new forms of life every day- - many of them dangerous . You need me . Delete my program and you violate the first oath you took as a physician : " Do no harm . " " Do no harm ... " you have no right to say those words . Computer ... You can erase my program , Doctor , but you can never change the fact that you 've already used some of my research . Where was your conscience when B 'Elanna was dying on that table ? Ethics ? Morality ? Conscience ? Funny how they all go out the airlock when we need something . Are you and I really so different ? Computer , delete Medical Consultant Program and all related files .
