 Where you headed ? The Bridge . Mind if I walk with you ? Not at all . So , how 's it going ? Not bad , I guess . Tuvok still giving you a hard time ? No more than usual . I don 't know about you , but when I think about spending 70 years on the same ship with that guy , it gives me a headache . I get the impression a Iot of the crew agrees with me- - Maquis and StarfIeet . Bridge . So what do you think ? About what ? About what I 've been saying- - that a Iot of the crew aren 't too happy with our Chief of Security , and for that matter , I don 't think Captain Janeway is winning any popularity contests , either . Don 't you agree ? Why do I get the feeling that you 're testing me ? Let 's just say I 'm interested in your opinion . Why ? You 're a good officer . I Iike you , and I wouldn 't want to see you get hurt . Computer , halt turboIift . Look , what 's this all about ? There are going to be some changes around here . AII of the Maquis are in line , and about 25 of the starfleet crew are with us . Are you saying there 's going to be a mutiny ? And when the shooting starts ... I 'm going to need to know which side you 're on . well , Commander ... Voyager 's all yours . There 's a first time for everything , I guess . Don 't worry , Captain , I 'II keep your ship safe and sound . I 'm sure you will . shuttle Bay to Captain Janeway . Go ahead , Mr. Paris . The shuttle 's ready to go , whenever you are . On my way . Captain , I 've been thinking . Are you sure you don 't want to take Lieutenant Tuvok with you , just in case the Rukani turn out to be less friendly than they seem ? I assure you , Commander , I have made thorough preparations for the Captain 's safety during her away mission . You , on the other hand , are still adapting to your duties as First Officer . Under the circumstances , I believe my time will be better spent assisting you in your effort to justify the trust the Captain has placed in you . I appreciate your concern for my safety , Mr. Chakotay , but Tuvok 's right . Lieutenant Paris and I will be just fine . I 'II see you in 24 hours . Lieutenant ... I want you to keep close tabs on the Captain 's shuttle . Let 's make sure she doesn 't run into any trouble . Aye , sir . Ensign , Iet 's shut down those transporters and start that diagnostic we 've been putting off . Sir , are you sure we shouldn 't wait for the Captain to get back ? Ensign Kim , you have been given a direct order . Do as the Commander tells you . Aye , sir . Have you finished upgrading the internal sensors , Ensign ? I 'm working on it , sir . I hope so . Wait here . Is something wrong , sir ? No . It 's just tomorrow 's duty roster . Sir , Captain Janeway 's shuttle has gone to warp . Thank you , Tuvok . Chakotay to all hands . Let 's do it . Sir ? Red alert ! Security to the Bridge ! You 're wasting your time , Harry . AII my teams have taken control of Security , Engineering and all key systems . You 'II never get away with this . people will fight back . That 's going to be a little difficult . AII your off-duty StarfIeet friends have been locked down , in quarters . I guess you 've made your choice . Jonas to Chakotay . Go ahead . They 're putting up a fight on Deck 2 . We could use some help . CarIson , O 'DonneII- - get these people to the brig . AyaIa , take the conn and move us out of com range of Janeway 's shuttle . You 're with me . Deck 2 . Thanks for watching my back in there . Right . Are you okay ? To tell you the truth , uh ... shooting Harry ... got me a little rattled . He 's only stunned . We 're not going to kill anybody today , unless it 's absolutely necessary . Just stay close . Stay low . They 've got us pinned down . We 'II just have to shoot our way past them . Ready ? Seska ! It 's just like old times , isn 't it ? Thanks for the help . We 've got to get moving . Some of Janeway 's people are trying to set up a command center in the Mess hall . I wouldn 't do that if I were you . This phaser 's set on wide beam . I couId take you all in one shot . Everybody drop your weapons . You heard the man . Drop your weapons . Don 't look so surprised , Commander . I know a winner when I see one . I 'm with you . Do you want me to shoot him ? We 're still going to need a cook . Chakotay to Engineering . What 's your status ? Engineering is secure . Transporter Rooms 1 and 2 , status . Transporter Room 1 is under control . Transporter Room 2 is secure . shuttle Bay , status . shuttle Bay is secured , Commander . I 'II take care of the prisoners here . You two get some help and start rounding up the personnel that are still locked down in quarters . Bring them to Cargo Bay 1 . We did it . Just like old times . You did a good job today . Thanks . Just make sure you keep it up . What 's that supposed to mean ? It means I 'm not as easy to win over as Chakotay . Come on ! Let 's go . Wait here . Seska , what 's going on ? Move it . Why are we being treated like prisoners ? No talking . Over there , with the rest of them . What are you going to do with us ? I said no talking ! Hey , hey , hey , take it easy . I told you it was a mistake letting StarfIeet people in on this . Now 's not the time , Seska . Take a good look around you . You 're under armed guard . You may also notice that your senior officers aren 't here . They 're in the brig . They 'II be put off the ship at the first habitable planet we come to- - all except Janeway and Paris ... who will arrive at their rendezvous coordinates to find that Voyager 's not there . In short , I 've taken control of the ship . I don 't blame any of you for the mistakes of your leaders . So I 'm giving you a choice . You can be put off the ship with your superiors , or you can do what NeeIix and some of your other crew members have already done , and join me . If you do , you 'II be part of a crew that 's going to do whatever it takes to get us home as fast as possible . Under my command , we won 't let almighty Federation principles get in the way of opportunities , the way Janeway did when she destroyed the Array that could 've gotten us home . And we won 't be wasting precious time , stopping to investigate every insignificant anomaly that we come across . What we will do ... is use any means necessary to acquire technology that can shorten our journey . To hell with StarfIeet regulations . You have 15 minutes to make up your minds . B 'EIanna . What 's going on here ? Computer , freeze program . Are you in the habit of just walking in on people 's private hoIodeck time ? well , it 's not as if I caught you dancing the rumba with a naked BoIian . We had a lunch date , remember ? Is it Iunchtime already ? I must 've lost track of the time . well , I expected to find you shooting pool at Sandrine 's , not hanging out with Seska . What sort of program is this , anyway ? It 's really something . I was doing a routine purge of the database- - you know , taking out old files that were taking up space- - and I found this hoIonoveI . It 's a kind of " what if " story , all about a Maquis mutiny . It 's completely compelling ... and believable . I guess it 's because it 's all about us . Who wrote it ? Now , that ... is the big mystery . Whoever the author is , has gone to a Iot of trouble to keep his identity a secret . It 's been encrypted . Why do you suppose someone would try so hard to be anonymous ? well , think about it . Whoever plays this program takes on the role of a starfleet Security Officer who gets approached by Chakotay to help the Maquis take over the ship . I mean , it 's pretty inflammatory . You think we should tell the Captain ? probably . It would be pretty hard for us to give her a full report , if we don 't know how the story ends . excellent point . Great . Can you reset it for me ? You ? ! I was just getting to the good part . Oh , come on , B 'EIanna , be a sport . I 've got to be back on duty in less than an hour . Besides , isn 't half the fun of a hoIonoveI having someone to talk it over with ? AII right . You owe me one . Where are you headed ? The Bridge . Mind if I walk with you ? I was kind of hoping you would . So how 's it going ? CouIdn 't be better . Tuvok still giving you a hard time ? Doesn 't he always ? I don 't know about you , but when I think about spending 70 years on the same ship with that guy , it gives me a headache . Not to mention an upset stomach . Bridge . I hear you 're planning a mutiny . Computer , halt turboIift . Who told you that ? Let 's just say there are rumors . Yeah , well , don 't believe everything you hear . Of course not . I just wanted you to know that whatever happens , I 'm with you . Computer , resume turboIift . I 'm serious . Just tell me what you want me to do . AII right , Ensign , here it is . As soon as the Captain leaves to meet the Rukani , I want you to put all crew quarters on lockdown . I 'II ask you if you 've finished upgrading the internal sensors . If you say yes , I 'II know we 're ready to go . I understand . I 'm watching you . No tricks . We are entering the Rukani sector , Commander . Inform the Captain . Aye , sir . well , Commander ... Voyager 's all yours . There 's a first time for everything , I guess . Don 't worry , Captain . I 'II keep your ship safe and sound . I 'm sure you will . shuttle Bay to Captain Janeway . Go ahead , Mr. Paris . The shuttle 's ready to go , whenever you are . On my way . Captain , I 've been thinking . Are you sure you don 't want to take Lieutenant Tuvok with you , just in case the Rukani turn out to be less friendly than they seem ? I assure you , Commander , I have made thorough preparations for the Captain 's safety during her away mission . You , on the other hand , are still adapting to your duties as First Officer . Under the circumstances , I believe my time will be better spent assisting you in your effort to justify the trust the Captain has placed in you . I appreciate your concern for my safety , Mr. Chakotay , but Tuvok 's right . Lieutenant Paris and I will be just fine . I 'II see you in 24 hours . Lieutenant , I want you to keep close tabs on the Captain 's shuttle . Let 's make sure she doesn 't run into any trouble . Aye , sir . Ensign , Iet 's shut down the transporters and start that diagnostic we 've been putting off . Sir , are you sure we shouldn 't wait for the Captain to get back ? Ensign Kim , you have been given a direct order . Do as the Commander tells you . Aye , sir . Have you finished upgrading the internal sensors ? Yes , sir . I hope so . Wait here . Is anything wrong , sir ? No . It 's just tomorrow 's duty roster . The Captain 's shuttle has gone to warp . Thank you , Tuvok . Chakotay to all hands . Let 's do it . Sir ? Tuvok , get down ! I guess you 've made your choice . It 's not over yet , Chakotay . Take them all to the brig . Sir , we have to do something . What did you have in mind , Ensign ? Escape , retake the ship . We will indeed attempt to do so , when the time is right . What about trying it now ? Such a foolhardy proposal suggests a lack of proper training . Need I remind you that we are confined behind an electrostatic force field ? We can 't just sit here and do nothing . We are hardly doing nothing . We are observing the enemy , watching for any discernible patterns in their procedures , looking for any weakness in their defenses . How long is this observing business going to take ? It 's been over an hour already . I 'm getting bored . I am not concerned with your amusement , Ensign . We are in a crisis situation and we will follow procedure and procedure dictates that we wait for the right opportunity to attempt an escape whether it takes an hour or a week . A week ? ! Who wrote this stuff ? hold Kim and Tuvok here . Bring the rest of them to Cargo Bay 1 . Enjoy the wait . ... and we won 't be wasting precious time stopping to investigate every insignificant anomaly we come across . What we will do is use any means necessary to acquire technology that can shorten our journey . To hell with StarfIeet regulations . You have 15 minutes to make up your minds . I don 't need 15 minutes . I 'm with you right now . So , by the time I got around to joining Chakotay 's little band of rebels ... Uh-huh . ... he was so suspicious of my motives that he assigned me to lubricate the warp plasma manifolds . You should 've tried going along with the mutiny from the beginning . It 's much more fun . Oh , believe me , next time I will . I couldn 't help overhearing . You two are talking about the new hoIonoveI . I tried sending an encoded message to Captain Janeway 's shuttle , to warn her about the mutiny , but Chakotay caught me , phasered me , and the program reset . Next time , I 'm going to pretend to go along with the conspirators , and then stage a counterstrike . I thought we were going to keep this our little secret . Don 't look at me . I didn 't tell him . I heard about it from the Doctor . The Doctor ? I may have let it slip while I was running his weekly diagnostic . Oh , great . Who else knows about it ? Don 't worry about me . My lips are sealed . So what 's this AyaIa tells me about a new hoIonoveI ? Get in line , Harry . Lieutenant Paris 's personal Log , Stardate 50953.4 . I 've decided to take B 'EIanna 's advice and replay the hoIonoveI , this time , as a fuII-fIedged member of Chakotay 's team of mutineers . I hope it turns out better than before . Where the hell are those warp engines ? They 're still off-Iine . We can 't seem to get the dilithium matrix reinitiaIized . It 's been two days . Don 't worry . B 'EIanna 's on it . Run a full security sweep . Something tells me there 's more to this engine problem than a faulty diIithium matrix . You think we 've got a saboteur on board ? There 's a ship approaching , bearing 216 mark 33 . It 's Janeway 's shuttle . Open a channel . hello , Kathryn . How did it go with the Rukani ? You 're out of uniform , Commander . There have been a few changes since you 've been gone . So I 've heard . You think I don 't have any friends left on Voyager ? apparently , you do , but I 'II find them . And then what ? will you kill them or just put them off the ship ? Nobody has to die here today . I thought you were a man of your word , Chakotay . I guess I was mistaken . I 'm sorry it had to come to this , but the crew believes I can get them home faster than you can . It 's going to be a little difficult without warp engines , isn 't it ? Our warp drive may be temporarily off-Iine , but our weapon systems are fully operational . They 're powering phasers . Kathryn , don 't try to be a hero . I 've been reasonable so far . I 'II allow you to keep the shuttle . I 'II even transport you some extra provisions , but if you don 't stand down , I will destroy your shuttle . You 've just threatened the wrong woman , Chakotay . What does she think she 's going to accomplish ? We can obliterate them in one shot . Not till I give the order . Reopen a channel . I don 't know how , but they 've disabled our shields . We 're completely vulnerable . Target their warp core and fire . I always said Janeway was a fool . Intruder alert on Deck 8 . It 's Paris and Janeway . Janeway 's no fool . She tricked us into destroying her shuttle , then transported over while the shields were down ! She 's trying to free the prisoners . You 've got the Bridge . You 're with me . Get away from that panel ! Oh ! Drop it . Computer , resume program . The holographic simulation has ended . well , start it up again , right where it left off . unable to comply . Why not ? additional narrative parameters have not been programmed . Are you saying there 's no more story ? Affirmative . This is someone 's idea of a practical joke , right ? please rephrase the question . There . I 've bypassed the security override . Try it now . Computer , identify the author of holographic program entitled " Insurrection alpha . " That information is classified . I 've tried every decryption protocol I can think of . Whoever wrote this is good . Not to mention sadistic . I can 't believe we 've been left hanging like this . Any luck ? Me , neither . I 've discreetly questioned everybody I thought I couId trust . Either nobody knows , or nobody 's talking . Remember the good old days when it was impossible to keep a secret on a ship this small ? well , if that takes care of our official agenda , there 's another matter I 'd Iike to discuss . Commander Chakotay informs me there 's a new hoIonoveI that 's become quite popular among the crew . It 's been accessed 47 times by 33 different crew members . I don 't suppose anyone here is familiar with what we 're talking about . actually , uh , Captain , I 'm the one who found it on the auxiliary database . I 've been running it , too . Anybody else ? I understand that the author of this little opus has chosen to remain anonymous- - perhaps because of the controversial nature of the story , which depicts Commander Chakotay as the leader of a Maquis mutiny . well , now , that the cat 's out of the bag ... I want each of you to talk to your staff and find out who our anonymous author is . That won 't be necessary , Captain . I am the author of the program in question . You , Tuvok ? I never knew you had literary aspirations . Not to mention talent . What a story ! I 'm afraid there 's been a misunderstanding . The program is not a hoIonoveI . It is a tactical training scenario . When you first invited the Maquis to join our crew , I believed that mutiny was a very real possibility . With that in mind , I began to write a training program for junior security officers , to prepare them for such an eventuality . But you never finished it . No . As the two crews began to work together , I concluded that the threat of an insurrection was increasingly unlikely . I realized the program itself might exacerbate the very conflict I sought to avoid . Therefore , I deleted the scenario- - or so I believed . apparently , you didn 't account for B 'EIanna 's exceptional computer skills . Nor her somewhat excessive curiosity . I apologize for my carelessness , Captain . Forget your carelessness . What you should be apologizing for is leaving us all hanging by a thread . You 've got to finish the story . On the contrary , Mr. Paris , the program has the potential to incite animosity among the crew , and must be permanently deleted . I have no doubt the Captain concurs . With all due respect , Mr. Tuvok , loosen up . You may have intended this program to be a tactical training tool , but it looks to me like it 's turned into a bit of harmless fun . As the Captain of this ship , surely you must ... I 'm more than just a Captain . I 'm the leader of a community , and communities need entertainment , culture , creative outlets . Since we 're not exactly privy to every new piece of music or hoIonoveI that 's written back home , I think it 's only natural that we should start creating our own . Besides , Tuvok , if the crew doesn 't get an ending , you may have a real mutiny on your hands . If Tuvok doesn 't want to finish the story , I volunteer . Oh ? I 've always wanted to write a hoIonoveI . I think I couId make it pretty exciting . Good . Then it 's settled . I , for one , can 't wait to see if Captain Janeway manages to outwit the conspirators . well , if it isn 't Mr. Anonymous . Come to check up on your replacement ? Since the Captain insists on allowing you to proceed with this frivolous exercise , I thought you might benefit from the original probability studies I conducted before beginning the scenario . well , thanks , Tuvok , but I don 't need any probability studies . I 'm just sort of making it up as I go along . Indeed . I 'd be curious to know what you 've " made up " thus far . well , I was thinking- - Paris and Janeway retake the ship , and then she decides to execute all the conspirators . That is an entirely implausible plot development . Captain Janeway would never behave in such an inhumane manner . This isn 't real life , Tuvok , it 's fiction . Don 't get so caught up in logic . Logic is an integral part of narrative structure . According to the " Dictates of Poetics , " by T 'Hain of vulcan , a character 's actions must flow inexorably from his or her established traits . well , I don 't know anything about T 'Hain , but I do know what makes an interesting story , and that 's unexpected plot twists . If you think I will allow you to turn this program into a parody , you are sorely mistaken . Are you saying that you 're going to finish it yourself ? Artistic differences ? I would hardly call Mr. Paris 's ideas ... artistic . apparently , my instincts don 't comply with the vulcan " Dictates of Poetics . " well , I 've got a couple of suggestions that might help . Now , up until now , the story 's been nothing but action , which is fine , but what it needs is a little heart , a little emotion . We are not writing a romance novel , - Lieutenant . - " We " ? I 've decided that your efforts would benefit from my collaboration . Oh , really ? Listen , I don 't care which one of you is writing this thing , all I 'm saying is that there is room in every good story for a little bit of passion . You know , maybe you 're onto something . I couId add a steamy love scene between the starfleet conn officer and the Maquis engineer . Oh , that 's realistic . How about a fresh pot of coffee to keep those creative juices flowing , huh ? Thanks , NeeIix . Uh , while I 'm here ... Uh , Iet me guess . You have a suggestion to make . Of course not . I would never presume to interfere in the creative process . More of a comment , really . About the NeeIix character ... How surprising . He would never betray the Captain the way he does in that story . No offense , Mr. VuIcan , but I don 't think you understand my character very well . Tuvok , did you forget to follow the " Dictates of Poetics " ? Perhaps we should find someplace quieter to work . Now , that 's the first intelligent suggestion I 've heard all evening . I believe our first step should be to create a carefully constructed outline of the remaining chapters . I told you , Tuvok . I 'm just making it up as I go . We cannot proceed without a carefully constructed outline . There you go with that " we " stuff again . I don 't remember agreeing to let you help me . Need I remind you that it was I who first began the scenario . And you think I 'm compromising your creative vision ? In so many words , yes . And it is my duty to insure that ship security is not compromised by your creative vision . You had your chance to finish this story and you wanted to delete it . True , but since that is no Ionger an option , I am now exercising my prerogative as the original author . Look , Tuvok ... for the Iast time , I don 't need any help . Ah , there you are . I have several brilliant ideas for upcoming chapters of your hoIonoveI , as well as a list of revisions and dialogue changes that I believe will improve the earlier installments . I don 't believe this . No thanks are necessary . In addition , I 'm prepared to offer my expertise in the creation of holographic mise-en-scene . Computer , override the EMH program 's autonomous controls , and transfer him back to Sick Bay . Now , wait just a minute ... Thanks , Tuvok . Now that I think about it ... I 'II take it from here . You may find that difficult , since I 'm the only one who can make additions to the program . AII right , Tuvok , you win . We 'II finish the story together . That is a very rational decision , Mr. Paris . Computer , reinitiate the holographic program entitled " Insurrection alpha . " Security clearance : Tuvok-four-seven-seven-four . The program has been reinitiated . The first thing we 're going to change is that title . Reformat the hoIo-matrix for the addition of new interactive algorithms . The hoIo-matrix has been formatted . Reopen the narrative parameters file . Captain , we just lost power in both transporter rooms . The com went down , and the holodeck systems are completely scrambled . What are we doing in the brig ? I have no idea . We haven 't given the computer instructions to create a location yet . hello , Tuvok . I 've been expecting you . If you can see me , you 've obviously reopened the narrative parameters file of the tactical scenario you 've been working on . How do you know that ? You 're a hologram . That 's right . A holographic representation of Seska- - one of the Maquis shipmates you betrayed . I would 've thought all that time you spent spying on us might 've given you a little more insight into the Maquis , but after looking over what you 've already written , I can see you need a little help . So I 've created this representation of myself to guide you through the rest of the program . There is no more program . There is now . I finished writing it for you- - with a few revisions of my own . Revisions ? To start with , the holodeck is now sealed . Your friends will find it very difficult to get you out of here . And the safety protocols are off , which means , if I shoot you- - and I am going to shoot you- - you 'II die . But not just yet . You 've got ten seconds to run . Nine , eight ... Computer , end program . ... seven , six ... HoIodeck 1 to Bridge . ... five ... Emergency transport . Oh , did I forget to tell you ? The moment you restarted the program , the com system went down . Four ... three ... I guess we better do what she says . ... two , one ... You should never have crossed her , Tuvok . " She " has been dead for over a year now . There would 've been no way to predict this turn of events . I guess we should 've known Seska wouldn 't let a little thing like death stop her from getting even . Tuvok , Tom . In here . Captain . We 're going to have to transport to the Cargo Bay to free the rest of the prisoners . It 's safer than trying to make it on foot . She 's a hologram , too . apparently , she believes we 're here to help her retake the ship from the mutineers . I say we play along . We could use all the help we can get against Seska . You 're forgetting it was Seska who rewrote the scenario . For all we know , she 's programmed Captain Janeway to betray us . I suppose you have a better idea ? The safest course of action is to avoid participation of any kind . eventually , the real Captain will discover our predicament , and shut down the program from the outside . Let 's move . hold it right there . Back off . Or what ? You 'II shoot us ? Go right ahead . Whatever you say . Poor Kathryn . I guess nobody told her the phaser rifles from Storage Locker 3 have been malfunctioning . You 're an incredible woman , Seska . You see who 's in charge now , don 't you ? So , if I were you , I 'd get moving again . The program 's not over . We have no intention of participating in this exercise . You don 't want to end up like your Captain , do you ? You programmed all this- - the malfunctioning phaser , a version of Chakotay who 's attracted to you ... None of it 's real . You hear that ? He thinks this is a game . Show him he 's wrong . I 've been waiting a Iong time for this . Next time , you 'II believe me when I tell you the safety protocols are off . Now , you 've got five seconds to start running again , or you 'II end up with more than a flesh wound . So much for not playing along with Seska 's program . Are you able to continue ? I 'II keep up . The question is : Where are we going ? I have an idea . What 's the point ? This isn 't the real Sick Bay . I may be able to use some of this holographic equipment to treat your wound . Besides , it 's as good a place as any to hide from Seska . please state the nature of the medical emergency . No emergency , Doc . I 'm fine . Nonsense . You have second-degree phaser burns . please have a seat on bio-bed one . That 's all right , Doc . I 'm telling you , I feel fine . You require treatment . 20 cc 's nitric acid . A little proverbial salt in the wound . You 're looking well . Go ! I 'm not going to leave you . It was a pleasure treating you . Don 't hesitate to call again . Are you all right , Mr. Paris ? Oh , just great . Maybe we can go to the Mess hall now , and let the holographic NeeIix burn my arm with a frying pan . Your feeble attempt at wit notwithstanding , it does appear that Seska has reprogrammed the holographic crew to torture us . I suggest we avoid meeting any more of them . Seska to Tuvok . I know you can hear me . Oh , terrific . I just wanted to remind you that wherever you go , I 'II find you . I say we try the Jefferies tubes . I concur . Captain , you 're not going to believe this , but Seska caused these cascade failures . Seska ? How ? What she lacked in loyalty , she made up for in ingenuity . According to the backup computer logs , she got into Tuvok 's scenario on stardate 4867 1 , about a month before she left the ship . She programmed it to cause all of these shutdowns the next time Tuvok reopened the narrative parameters file , which he didn 't do until today . Can we get them out ? Seska laid booby-trapped subroutines everywhere . If we try to open the holodeck doors , the power grid is rigged to explode . And the transporters are still off-Iine . You said the narrative parameters file is open now . Seska 's revised program is playing out as we speak . If Seska can rewrite Tuvok ... maybe I can rewrite Seska . So , Tuvok , anything in the " Dictates of Poetics " about how to escape from a ship full of insane holograms ? Your attempts at humor are hardly constructive , Mr. Paris . The controls are jammed . I cannot close the hatch . Tuvok ! Where do you suppose this came from ? That is an intriguing question . You think Seska 's toying with us ? Taking us to the brink of death again , then letting us live , so she can keep torturing us ? I prefer a more optimistic interpretation . It is possible our shipmates outside the holodeck have learned of our predicament and have found a way to help us by making additions to the program , such as that plasma extinguisher . If you want to look on the bright side , I 'm certainly not going to argue with you . If they do know what 's going on , why just hand us a plasma extinguisher ? Why not shut down the hoIogrid or change the scenario ? I would imagine Seska has made it very difficult for anyone to implement more than minor changes . Take a look at this . You were right . We must follow their instructions . hello , boys . What do you say we go for a little walk ? Where did they come from ? Seska 's program is adding new algorithms to counteract the changes we 're making . I need more access to the narrative subroutines . I can 't get in . You better find a way . Otherwise , Tom and Tuvok aren 't going to make it out of there alive . It looks like Chakotay 's taking them to the holographic cargo bay . Torres to Kim . How are you coming with those transporters ? Seska 's program has completely disabled the relay access ports . It 's going to take a while to get Tom and Tuvok out of there . I guess that means I keep writing . As you can see , the Iast of your comrades have been captured . In case anybody had any doubts , it should be obvious by now that this is no Ionger a starfleet vessel . Bring Paris and Tuvok over here . You and you , bring your weapons . What are you doing ? What do you think I 'm doing ? I 'm going to execute them right here , right now . I need access to the character algorithms now . I 'm on it . Fire on my order . BeIay that . What are you doing ? We planned this . I 'm not sure it 's necessary to kill them . If I 'm not mistaken , the Chakotay hologram is undergoing some sort of character change . Do you think they 're trying to help us again ? These two rodents betrayed us . They deserve to die . Don 't listen to her , Commander . You 've taken the ship . There is no need to add murder to your list of offenses . Quiet ! Lower your weapons . It 's working . Now , if I can just keep modifying the Chakotay hologram ... You 're not going to lose your nerve , are you ? We have what we want . There 's no reason to kill them . Prepare to fire on my order ! Seska , I 'm in command of this operation . Not anymore ! I don 't believe it . The program is reconfiguring the sub-processors to counter every change we make . No matter what we do , it rewrites itself so that Tom and Tuvok will die . I 'm not out of ideas yet . Is there anyone else who wants to challenge my authority ? Isn 't their loyalty inspiring ? Set your phasers to " kill . " Don 't listen to her . Fire on my order . What the hell was that ? Don 't move , Seska . Bridge to Seska . We 're under attack by the Rukani . The Rukani ? ! The people the Captain and I were visiting while you were busy taking over the ship . When we realized there was a mutiny in progress , we called them for a little assistance . Harry , have you got transporters yet ? still working on it , Captain . You 're not getting this ship back . That is a rather bold statement for someone in your position . Computer , initiate 60-second seIf-destruct sequence . Authorization : zeta-one . This ship will seIf-destruct in 60 seconds . Computer , belay that order . Authorization : Tuvok-four-seven-seven-four . unable to comply . Voiceprint not recognized . If you don 't hand over that phaser rifle , everyone on this ship is going to be dead in ... SeIf-destruct in 45 seconds . I don 't know how she rigged it , Captain , but when she ordered the seIf-destruct , it initiated an overload in the holodeck power relays . The whole grid is going to blow . SeIf-destruct in 30 seconds . Hand over the weapon , or the ship is going to be destroyed . I have set this phaser to kill . If you do not deactivate the seIf-destruct sequence , I will fire . I 'm surprised at you , Tuvok . That 's not very logical . If I 'm dead , who 'II turn off the seIf-destruct ? 15 seconds to seIf-destruct . 13 ... 12 ... 1 1 ... ten ... nine ... Computer ... terminate seIf-destruct sequence . Authorization : zeta-one . SeIf-destruct sequence has been terminated . Now call off your Rukani friends . Do what she says . Tuvok ... That 's an order , Mr. Paris . Paris to the Rukani vessel . Thank you for your assistance , but everything 's under control now . It is , isn 't it ? I guess , if you want something done right , you 've got to do it yourself . Not bad . Seska 's not the only one who knows how to cause a phaser malfunction . The holographic simulation has ended . It 's over . Kim to Engineering . I think I can give you transporters now , Captain . That 's all right , Harry . No rush . Here 's to stories with happy endings . I must say , Captain , causing the alien ship to come to our aid was a very effective plot development . Who says deus ex machina is an outdated literary device ? I 'm just glad you didn 't come down with a case of writer 's block . So , you two are going to have to come up with a new idea for your next literary collaboration . What about doing a Western ? Or a detective story . I don 't care what kind of story it is , as long as I 'm not the bad guy this time . I 've got a great idea for a hoIonoveI about a daring trader who becomes a cook on a starship . eventually , he rises ... Mr. NeeIix , if Mr. Paris and I do create another work of hoIofiction , I assure you , we will choose a subject much less close to home .
