 Let 's mark the coordinates of that trinary star . It 'II be a good reference point for this sector . Didn 't we already pass a trinary system like this ? Not that I remember . Why ? It just seems familiar . Perhaps you 're experiencing a paradoxical state-dependent associative phenomenon . Deja vu . Yeah , I-I guess so . Captain , there is a ship approaching , bearing 215 mark 8 . On screen . Their shields are down and their weapon systems are unpowered . They 're hailing us . My respects to you . I 'm AIben , Captain of the Nerada Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager I thought I was familiar with every type of ship in this sector , but I 've never seen anything like yours before . We 're not from around here . In that case , Iet me welcome you to Nasari territory . That ship 's going to fire . What ? Captain , we 've got to defend ourselves . I am detecting no threat . tactical control has been routed to the Ops station . Our weapon systems are charging . Raising shields and firing phasers . Direct hit . They are returning fire . Red alert . hall them . We 've got to put a stop to this . Captain , I had to act quickly . You will explain yourself , Mr. Kim , but right now , you 're relieved . Commander , you 're at Ops . They are not responding to halls . There 's pressure building up in plasma Conduit G-6 . Ashmore , open up the emergency vents . I 'II try to reroute the plasma flow . shields are down to 70 percent . Get us out of here . Warp engines are down . They are in pursuit . Bridge to Engineering . What 's the status of the warp drive ? The plasma injectors are off-Iine , Cap ... We 're working on them now . A plasma conduit just blew in Engineering . propulsion systems are down . They 're reporting casualties . Target their weapons array and fire . They 've suffered damage to their weapon systems and shield emitters . They are moving away . I want to know exactly what you thought you were doing . Their weapons were charging . They were about to fire at us . We could have been destroyed . Sensor logs indicate that their weapon systems were not powered . Then they must have fooled our sensors somehow . I detected a tetryon surge coming from their ship . There are many possible sources of increased tetryon emissions . It may have been an irregularity in their warp field . No . It was their weapons . That whole " welcome to Nasari territory " was a trick . How could you know that ? I can 't explain that . I just knew . I was only trying to protect the ship . I trust your intentions , Ensign , but your actions are going to need a little more justification . I want you to analyze the sensor logs and see if there 's any basis for Mr. Kim 's hunch . Aye , Captain . In the meantime , I 'm suspending you from duty . Go to Sick Bay . Let the Doctor have a look at that cut . still no respiration . Her blood pressure is 90 / 40 and dropping . She has second-degree burns on her lungs . I 'II need to do a pulmonary regeneration . Her neural tissues are starting to degenerating . Oxygen deprivation- - we 've got to get her breathing . Try ten milligrams puImozine . No effect . 20 milligrams . Is she going to be all right ? Yes . Another patient snatched from the jaws of death . Let me take care of that . B 'EIanna almost got killed . It 's my fault . What do you mean ? I started that fight . I thought I was doing the right thing . For a moment , I was absolutely sure . And now you 're not ? It 's fading . What I did and how I feIt- - it doesn 't make any sense . And it could have been worse . What if they 'd been more powerful than we were ? I couId have gotten everyone killed . But none of that happened . B 'EIanna got hurt , and she 'II recover . Harry , you can 't undo what 's been done . You 're right . Thanks . Raising shields and firing phasers . I can 't explain it ; I just knew . I never wanted you to get hurt . That 's supposed to make me feel better ? I 'm sorry . Harry , I 'm here . Don 't worry . You 'II feel better soon . I can make some soup for you . would you Iike that ? I won 't go anywhere as long as you need me . We raised you to be a responsible boy . I try to be . I 'm suspending you from duty . Mom ... well , the good news is I won 't have to quarantine you . There 's no sign of an infectious agent anywhere in your body . And the bad news ? If I don 't find the cause of this rash , it will be difficult to treat . Last night , I had a dream about being sick with the Mendakan pox when I was nine . Do you think this could be a recurrence ? I 've never considered dreams as a diagnostic tool before . Your unconscious mind sensed these developing symptoms and tried to provide an explanation ? Hmm . Such recurrences of this particular illness are rare , but I will consider the possibility . Hmm . What ? In addition to your visible symptoms , your blood chemistry has been slightly altered . Is that serious ? No , but it 's not consistent with the symptoms of the Mendakan pox . Doctor , you don 't think there could be any , uh ... psychological effects from this disease , do you ? Such as ? I 've been having this strange d ? j ? vu feeling . Then yesterday on the Bridge , I had this sudden instinct and I acted on it by firing without orders . I 'd certainly call that atypical behavior . Your scans haven 't shown any neurological abnormalities , but I will run a closer analysis . Doctor , she 's regaining consciousness . Good morning , Lieutenant . Morning ? What am I doing here ? There was an accident in Engineering . A plasma conduit exploded . I 've treated you for second and third degree burns and several broken ribs . I expect you 'II make a full recovery . After you 've spent at Ieast one more day in Sick Bay . This time , Doctor , I 'm not going to argue with you . Harry . What happened to your face ? We 're still trying to figure that out . It 's kind of cute . Makes you look like a speckled targ B 'EIanna ... I 'm really sorry you got hurt . Hey , it 's all part of the adventure of space travel , right ? I know , but , um ... What ? What is it ? Never mind . I 'm glad you 're going to be all right . Thanks . I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to cut visiting hours short . Ensign , you can go . I 'II contact you with the results of my analysis . Take care of yourself . See you later , Spot . Captain . I accept full responsibility for my mistake . I was completely out of line even if I believed that other ship was charging weapons , which they probably weren 't . Harry , they were charging weapons . I was right . Tuvok has confirmed that the tetryon surge matched the energy signature of that particulate beam they shot at us . They would have taken us completely by surprise . As soon as I saw their ship , I felt this sudden ... suspicion and loathing . I knew we were in trouble . Which brings us back to the larger question . How did I know ? I really wish I couId tell you , Captain , but ... for the past few days , this area of space has seemed more and more familiar to me . If I didn 't know it was impossible , I 'd swear I 've been here before . We 'II have to consider every possible explanation . Oh , believe me , I have been- - space-time anomalies , alien telepathy , alternate realities ... The list gets weirder as it goes on . Then there 's your sudden illness , which may not be a coincidence . Tuvok to Janeway . There are three ships approaching of the same configuration as the Nasari vessel . On my way . They 'II intercept in 36 minutes . Can we outrun them ? I doubt it . Engineering 's still working on repairs . We could manage warp 3 at best . Let me see a star chart of this region . Head for this system . I think we can make it . Is this another hunch , Ensign ? We 'II be safe there . I 'm sure of it . tactical status . The aft shield emitter is off-Iine . Phasers are operational , but torpedo launchers are not . I strongly advise against a confrontation . follow Harry 's course . Speed- - as fast as we can go . The Nasari vessels will overtake us in two minutes . We 're coming up on that star system . We 'II pass it if we stay at warp . slow to impulse . We 're making our stand here . They 'II enter weapons range in a few seconds . Taresia . What does that mean ? Do you know this place ? Yes . It was in my dream . There is another ship approaching . from the third planet . Is it Nasari ? No , but they 're on an intercept course and their weapons are fully powered . Prepare for evasive maneuvers . Aye , Captain . We 'II be all right . The unidentified vessel has disabled all the Nasari ships . They are retreating . What 's your next trick , Harry- - pull a shuttlecraft out of a hat ? Open a channel to that ship . They 're already hailing us . alien vessel . This is the Taresian starship . There you are . Our sensors detected you aboard your ship . I 'm glad to see you 're safe . Do you know me ? In a way . I know you are one of my people . What ? ! You are Taresian . welcome home . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50732.4 . The Taresians have escorted us back to their homeworld so we can continue to investigate their claim that Ensign Kim is a member of their race . welcome . We 're so glad to have you here . This is a day of celebration . Another Taresian has returned . welcome . You 're home now , Harry . Uh , wait a minute . I still don 't understand how this is possible . We 'd Iike to ask some questions before we start celebrating . Of course . Our Doctor has found some genetic fragments in my DNA which could be part of an alien genetic structure . Yes , those are your Taresian genes . They 're becoming active . We 'd be happy to provide your Doctor with some DNA samples for comparison . What I want to know is how I couId have gotten them . You were conceived here , on this world . while you were still an embryo , you were placed in stasis and taken to Earth to be implanted in the womb of an Earth woman . My mother . What did you do to her ? She would have been completely unaware of the procedure . After the implantation process , the child begins to incorporate some DNA from the surrogate parent . You developed physically as a human , so she would have thought you were her natural child . But you 're saying I 'm not . We understand how you feel . Everyone here was born on other worlds . We all found our way back home , Iike you , and discovered we 're not quite who we thought we were . Harry , maybe you 'd Iike to sit down . Why don 't you go get him something to drink ? AII of your children are born to alien parents ? Yes . And when they return , each child brings an infusion of new genetic material , as well as years of firsthand experience about another culture . But Harry wasn 't trying to return here . We came to the delta Quadrant by accident . His DNA was encoded with certain instincts , including the desire to explore space . Your " accident " may have brought him here faster , but he always would have been driven to find his way back . You are the first to return from such a great distance . Harry ... That 's how Taresians say thank you , isn 't it ? But how could I know so much about a place I 've never been ? It 's been coded into your Taresian genes . As you 've gotten closer to home and seen familiar sights , your dormant genetic memory has been reawakened . You 'II remember more about us as you spend time here . I know it all seems strange now , but you are one of us , Harry . Can 't you feel it ? Yes . I can . Then stay with us a while and celebrate . Come , have something to eat . Is this the standard welcome home reception ? For males , it is . They 're very rare . Our population is 90 percent female . really ? I want to thank you again for your help in combating the Nasari . Do you have any idea why they tried to attack us ? They probably detected a Taresian aboard your ship , as we did . For the Nasari , that 's reason enough to destroy you . Are your people at war ? We have no interest in fighting with them , but they seem determined to destroy us . Our defense capabilities prevent them from attacking directly , but they do everything in their power to stop our people from returning home . I see . That might explain Mr. Kim 's instinctively hostile reaction to them . It 's a defense mechanism we 've programmed into all our children . Are the Nasari likely to attack us again when we leave your space ? I think eventually they 'II tire of waiting for you to come out . In the meantime , I 'd advise you to simply stay here for a while . These are words . Mm-hmm . Can you read them ? almost . Our written language is very complicated . I can teach it to you if you 're interested . Oh , that looks good . What is it ? Spiced hatana I prepared it myself . Harry , try some . I 'd Iike to find out if I have any relatives here . Maybe talk to my biological parents . I 'm afraid none of us get the chance to meet our fathers . They 're the ones who take the embryos to other worlds . Your father must have left here a very long time ago to make it all the way to the alpha Quadrant . Ensign , we 're transporting back to the ship . I 'd Iike to stay for a while . I still have a Iot of questions . Of course , Harry . Contact us when you 're ready . We 'II see you later . It 's a positive match . These genetic fragments within Ensign Kim 's DNA are clearly Taresian . Why haven 't they shown up in his medical scans before ? I went back and checked his scans carefully . These fragments have apparently been disguising themselves as the recessive elements which normally exist within all DNA , but over the past few days , they 've become increasingly dominant over his human genes . And they provided him with new knowledge . Yes , by forming neural connections in his brain . AII humanoid babies are born with certain instinctive knowIedge- - how to recognize the shape of a face , how to hold their breath underwater . It all comes from their genes . The Taresians must have found a way to manipulate genetic material to implant very specific knowledge into their children . It 's scientifically plausible , but quite a feat of genetic engineering . So what the Taresians have been telling us appears to be true . Harry is one of their people . And he 's becoming more like them every day , both physically and neurologically . I wonder how that 's going to influence him when Voyager 's ready to leave ? Of course , when that might happen is another question entirely . Are the Nasari still out there ? AII three ships are holding position just outside the Taresian system . Even if we can 't wait them out , we may only be postponing another conflict . I 'd much rather find a way to convince them we 're not their enemies . apparently , the Nasari only consider Ensign Kim their enemy . Perhaps they would be more receptive to diplomacy if he were not aboard . Contact Harry . Let him know we 'II be leaving orbit . With any luck , we 'II be back in a few hours with this matter resolved . I joined the merchant fleet so I couId get into space because I wanted to explore every corner of the galaxy . Like me with StarfIeet . AII my Iife that 's all I ever wanted to do . Now I guess I know why . Strange to think that some alien DNA fragments have been controlling my Iife . Not controlling . influencing , yes . You probably inherited some Taresian traits like ... a talent for math or music . Yes . I always wondered why I Ioved music so much when my parents- - my human parents- - were practically tone deaf . Wait . Wait a minute . What is that ? Something to make you feel good . It 's just a mild mood enhancer . No side effects . You 'II like it . I think I 'II pass . Thanks . This is MaIia . She 's going to be my first wife . First ? Uh-huh . You 're already planning on a second ? And a third . We 'II all be joined with Taymon tonight . What do humans call it when a man and women are joined ? It 's called marriage . But it 's usually one woman with one man . How unusual . I hope you come to our ceremony . I wouldn 't miss it . Don 't be afraid to indulge yourself , Harry . Everybody here wants you to be happy . You 're important to us . That 's what my human parents used to say to me- - how special I was . They 'd been trying to have a baby for years until I came along . They called me their " miracle child . " They were right . They spoiled me rotten , making sacrifices so they could give me everything I wanted . Sounds like you were pretty lucky . They loved you . But I never felt like I deserved that kind of devotion . I didn 't see what was so special about me . I used to imagine that I had these hidden powers . I 'd grow up to be stronger than a klingon or able to read people 's minds . Anything to make me more than just an average kid . Turns out your parents were right about you . You have been special , all of your life . feels pretty good , doesn 't it ? Yeah . It does . Mmm ... let me relax your muscles for you . Uh , that would be great . I think you 're going to Iearn to like it here , Harry . I already like it . Enough to stay ? I don 't know about that . I 'm happy where I am , on Voyager You could be happy here , too . It 's nothing you have to decide right now . Just enjoy yourself while you 're here . This uniform seems so restrictive . Why don 't you let me find you something more comfortable ? Thanks . I mean ... I agree with you completely , Captain . There 's no reason for further hostility between us . I 'm glad to hear it and I hope you 'II still feel that way when Ensign Kim is back on board . I doubt we 'II face that problem . Your crew member won 't be returning to you . What do you mean ? No one who " comes home " to Taresia ever leaves again . There are rumors about those people . I 'm not interested in hearsay . Are there any facts you can give me ? I fire on any Taresian I see . If you take your crew member back on board , I will attack your ship ! My best advice to you is to forget him , and be on your way . Do you think there 's any truth to those rumors he mentioned ? I don 't know , but I 'II feel better when we 've got Harry back . Set a course back to the planet . Captain , sensors indicate a high-density poIaron grid surrounding the planet . A poIaron grid ? It wasn 't here before . A network of satellites was activated to generate it . Can we get through the grid ? unlikely . The poIaric density is too high . hall them . Our communications are being blocked . I guess we 're not welcome anymore . Don 't worry . You 'II remember everything you need to know about the ceremony once it begins . Amal ulat Let us be joined . The joining is complete . Why do they tie him like that ? It 's tradition . It symbolizes binding their lives together , no Ionger looking for anyone else . Do you find it exciting ? I guess I hadn 't really thought of it that way . You are going to stay for the celebration , aren 't you ? actually , I should check in with Voyager They 're probably back by now . Kim to Voyager This is Ensign Kim calling Voyager Do you read ? Harry ... I 'm glad you could be here for this . It 's been interesting . I was wondering if there 's been any word from Voyager Not that I know of . They probably haven 't returned yet . It 's been a Iong time . I hope they didn 't run into trouble with the Nasari . Oh , try not to worry . Your Captain may need some time to convince those people to see reason . Hmm , maybe so . Come ... join the celebration while you wait . And of course you 're welcome to stay the night . We 've been able to poke some holes in the tachyon grid , but they 're too small to squeeze Voyager through . could a shuttle make it ? I doubt it , and even if one could , there 's another probIem- - a Taresian ship is patrolling the other side of the grid . And we saw what they can do . Ah , Captain , when you raised some concerns regarding the Taresians , I began questioning their story about Ensign Kim 's birth . I thought you 'd confirmed that he has Taresian DNA . I did ... and he does ... at Ieast , he does now . But when I checked his previous microceIIuIar scans , I found no traces of the Taresian genetic fragments . I can only conclude that he wasn 't born with them . Their whole story about embryo implantation was a lie . He 's human . Yes , although maybe not for long . The alien DNA is continuing to alter his genetic structure . Within a few days , he 'II be indistinguishable from a native Taresian . Do you have any idea how this new DNA could have gotten into his cells ? The most likely transfer mechanism would be a retrovirus- - he was probably exposed during an away mission . WouIdn 't the biofilters pick up the virus and eliminate it ? They may very well have . But once the virus transferred the DNA into his cells , " killing the messenger " wouIdn 't have helped . Is there any way to determine exactly when he was infected ? Indeed there is . The transporter buffer performs its own version of a microcellular scan every time someone uses it . I reviewed the logs and found the first appearance of the alien genes in his molecular pattern on stardate 50698 . Our away mission to that planet where we found the voriIIium . Harry was with us and he was separated from the group for a while . He might have been infected by something he ate or drank , even something he touched . So Harry gets infused with alien DNA , which gives him the instinctive urge to come here . Then the Taresians tell him this elaborate story to make him believe he was one of them . Why ? Don 't forget that welcoming committee on the planet . It sounds as if they 're giving him every incentive to want to stay on Taresia . And by keeping us away , they 're making the decision for him . Here you are . I hope you 'II be comfortable here . Is there anything else that I can get for you ? No . I 'II be fine . Thanks . Good night . Get into bed . You 're going to tuck me in ? " Tuck you in " ? It 's a human custom . Parents tuck their children into bed , tell them a story , or sing a lullaby to them to help them get to sleep . That 's sweet . Lie back and relax . Lekaria san Do you understand ? pleasant dreams . Mm-hmm . Now close your eyes . Mmm . That 's smells good . Mm-hmm . It 's the essence of rikka flowers . It 's very soothing . Lekaria san Good night , Harry . You 're Taresian Welcome home l think you 'll like it here , Harry We 've been lucky to have you , Harry . You really have been special all your life . You know where your real home is , Harry . I think you 'II like it here , Harry . Stay with me . It 's all right . It 's all right . You were dreaming . What are you doing here ? We just want to help you relax and enjoy yourself . Look , I appreciate the offer , but I 'd really rather be alone . I don 't believe that . I think you 've been spending too many nights alone , Harry . You 've got to stop holding yourself back . I know you have the same natural desires as any Taresian . Now , you 're free to act on them . You can 't fight genetics . I can try . I want you to choose me , Harry . Choose both of us , then you 'II only have to find one more wife . I 'm not joining with you or with anybody . But that 's the reason why you were drawn back home , Harry- - to have children . Listen to your instincts . No . Like I told you before , I 'm going back to Voyager You could never be as valuable to them as you are to us . We need you . You have a responsibility to your people to pass on your genes to the next generation . If there 's anything your Taresian genes have given you , it 's a sense of duty and loyalty . My loyalty is to my crew and my family back home . You don 't belong with them anymore . This is who you are- - one of us . Your place is here . We 'II make you glad you stayed . Think of Taymon , how happy he 's been . Let yourself be happy . It 's the right choice , Harry . This is the life you were always meant to have . Maybe this life wouldn 't be so terrible . It will be wonderful . You 'II have everything you ever wanted and a place of honor among your people . You 'II never be alone again , Harry . We 'II make sure of that . Three wives ? Mm-hmm . Hmm . I 've got to think about my choice . I know you 're attracted to me . There 's been a connection between us since the moment you got here . You 're right . I felt it , too . I 'm definitely considering you as one of my wives . What are you doing ? well , it 's like you said before , this could be exciting . Remember , you both ... want to make me happy , don 't you ? This is some kind of trick . Sorry about that . Shh ! Taymon ? It 's Harry . I really need your help . Are you in there ? So is this what I should expect on my honeymoon ? It would have been much easier for you if you hadn 't seen this . You mean easier for you to lead me to the slaughter . What did you do to Taymon ? We must denucIeate a Iarge number of cells to collect enough genetic material for conception . That 's why there are no men here . They don 't leave with their embryos in stasis ... they 're killed . Any father should be willing to sacrifice himself for the sake of his children , for the continuation of his race . Was anything you told me true ? About Taresians being born on other worlds ... about my being one of you ? ! It 's true male children are very rare here and that we seek out new DNA to sustain our race . We need males of other species- - Iike you- - who can be transformed into compatible mates . Transformed ? That 's what these genes are doing to me ? You 'II be celebrated for your contribution . Don 't count on it . You 're going to take me to a communications terminal where I can contact my ship . Stay out of my way . This won 't work . You 're too important to us . Whatever happens to me , they won 't allow you to leave . If we hit the grid here , we 'II have a few seconds before the patrol ship can move in to intercept us . That doesn 't give you much time to get a lock on Harry . Then I 'II have to be quick . Are the shields ready ? The new configuration is stable . Set a course for the target coordinates and engage at full impulse . Aye , Captain . We 're disrupting the grid , but we need more speed to overcome the inertial resistance . Increasing power . We 're clear . I 'm not picking up Harry 's com signal . Initiating IeveI-1 bio-scans of the surface . Captain , the Taresian ship is on an intercept course . battle stations . This could have been a joyous occasion . Amal ulat Now ! I won 't let you do this to me ! Harry , there 's nowhere to go . We 've got him . Setting a new course . The Taresians are in pursuit . Return fire . Aye , sir . Captain , we 've got another problem . Three Nasari ships coming straight at us . Time till intercept ? Less than one minute . Harry . Captain . welcome back . We could use your strategic intuition about now . I 'm counting on the Taresians not to back off from those Nasari ships . They won 't . Good . Let 's hope they 're more interested in fighting with each other than with us . Five seconds to intercept . We are no Ionger being pursued . Let 's not give them a chance to change their mind . But Odysseus had been warned that these women , the sirens , sang a song so beautiful that any man who heard it wouId be lured to his death . So how did he get the ship past them ? He told his crew to cover their ears so they couldn 't hear the sirens ' song . But he also had them tie him to the mast of the ship so he could listen himself without being led astray as they sailed past . Anyone would have been drawn in by these ... Taresians . I have never seen so many beautiful women in my Iife . It wasn 't just the women . Oh ... There was also something exciting about having a new identity ... being more than just " young Ensign Kim . " well , I , for one , am glad to have a young Ensign Kim back with us . although I still say you should have kept some of those spots . I thought they were very distinguished . I don 't see what 's so bad about being you . You 're good at your job , everybody likes you . Being likable is fine , but sometimes I wish I couId be more bold , confident with women- - more like you . Like me ? You might want to reconsider that , Harry . There could be prison time involved . actually , since I 've been on Voyager , I 've tried to be more like you . That 'II be the day . I 'm serious . You 're my role model . You 're reliable , hard-working , extremely punctual . Did I mention polite ? Thanks a Iot .
