 Seven of Nine . How 's my favorite Borg today ? Annoyed. ln the future , you will announce your presence before entering this room . Sorry. I guess I should have knocked first . Are we ready to leave ? Yes . According to sensors , spatial conditions are ripe . A spontaneous protonebula could emerge within the next 20 minutes . Mr. Paris is expecting us . Hmm . Not a bad-looking hologram . This should be exciting , don 't you think ? It 's an astronomical survey , nothing more . What is your function on this mission ? My function is to study the nebula 's effects on the crew . We may be dealing with new forms of radiation . I can 't wait to see one of these clouds take shape . I hear they 're quite beautiful . I brought along a holo-imaging device to take a few snapshots . This isn 't shore leave . There will be no time for recreational activities . The Borg- - party poopers of the galaxy . Tomorrow , we 'll start you on a new social exercise- - developing your joie de vivre . Sorry about that . Just a little spatial turbulence- - nothing to worry about . Oh ! Hello there . I don 't know about you , but I 've got a case of class-2 claustrophobia . Ah , I remember it well . Lieutenant ? Oh , that 's what Starfleet cadets used to call these class-2 shuttles- - fast , maneuverable ... but not built for comfort . They used to shoehorn half a dozen cadets into one of these things for weeks at a time . You did not want to be around when they opened up that airlock . Perhaps you should design a new shuttle- - larger , more efficient . Not a bad idea . I 'm reading plasma surges off the port bow . All stop . Keep our distance . Seven , move over by the helm . I want to get a group shot . I 'm busy . And smile like I know you can . What was that ? Another plasma surge . It 's massive . Tom , back us off . We 're caught in the gravimetric shear . Engines are down . We 're receiving a distress call from the away team . They 've been engulfed in the shear line of the nebula . Full impulse . Bridge to Transporter Room 1 . Stand by for emergency beam-out . I 've got a partial lock on them , but unless the shuttle clears that nebula ... lt won 't . They 've lost propulsion . Then it 's going to be a rough transport . Energize . I 'm having trouble separating their patterns . Reset the pattern buffers . The signals are clearing . Everyone all right ? My emitter- - it 's been damaged . I 'll transfer your program back to Sick Bay . Hang on . Sick Bay to Transporter Room 1 . Report . It looks like some of your emitter circuits were fused during transport . Can you repair it ? Most likely . I 'll need to run a diagnostic . Most likely ? Relax , Doctor . I 'll keep you posted . Mulcahey ? Computer , run diagnostic routine Alpha-3-6 . Diagnostic in progress . First thing in the morning , I want you to check the results . I 'll be here bright and early . Captain 's Log , supplemental . This protonebula seems to have a mind of its own . It 's still expanding , with no end in sight . We 're holding at a safe distance to monitor its growth . Rise and shine , Lieutenant . It 's 0600 hours . Early bird gets the gagh . What do you want ? " Good morning " would be nice , but I 'd settle for my mobile emitter . Do we have an ETA on those repairs ? Go away . Can 't you at least give me a prognosis ? The one day I get to sleep in ... You 're worried about a few more seconds of unconsciousness ? My freedom is at stake . Computer , activate sonic shower . One more thing , Lieutenant . I was thinking . Hey ! I 'm a doctor , not a Peeping Tom . It 's nothing I haven 't seen before . I was thinking , if you brought the emitter to Sick Bay , we could work on it together . I have prepared a ... Hello ? B 'Elanna ? Regeneration cycle incomplete . Commander . How 'd you sleep ? Well enough . What 's new ? That nebula 's expanding at a rate of 8,000 cubic kilometers per hour . I 've had to adjust course 1 1 times . Sounds like you 're enjoying the big chair . It 's not a bad way to spend the night . I hear you 've been doing a fine job . The crew 's impressed . is it true you make them call you " Captain Kim " ? Sir ? Good morning . That remains to be seen . Problem ? The proximity transceiver in my cranial implant has been activated . That could indicate a Borg presence nearby . Harry ? I 've been running sensor sweeps all night . I haven 't seen anything . Perhaps the nebula is masking a vessel . No , not a chance . A ship wouldn 't last ten seconds in there- - not even a Borg cube . Maybe it 's a false alarm . Your transceiver could be malfunctioning . It is possible . Why don 't you pay a visit to Sick Bay ? In the meantime , we 'll redouble our scans , just to be sure . Very well . I 'll get the scans underway . If you don 't mind being an ensign again . Seven ? My proximity transceiver activated again . Looks like someone 's rerouting power from the warp conduits . To where ? Deck 8 , Section 22 , the science lab . Bridge to science lab . Ensign Mulcahey , respond . Harry . Sensors are being deflected by some kind of force field . Commander , the force field has a Borg signature . Red Alert . Captain to the Bridge . Tuvok , take a security team to the science lab . Chakotay to Seven of Nine . It looks like you were right . We 've detected Borg on the ship- - Deck 8 , science lab . How many drones ? Unknown . Tuvok 's headed there now . I will join him . The science lab ? My mobile emitter 's in there . This technology resembles a Borg maturation chamber , but many of the components are unfamiliar . Commander ! He was punctured by an extraction tubule . It removed a tissue sample . There are residual nanoprobes surrounding the wound . Their encoding sequences are identical to my own . Your nanoprobes ? How ? I don 't know . Take him to Sick Bay . What are you doing ? I will be recognized as Borg . A drone ... but unlike any I 've ever seen . It appears to be in the fetal stage . I don 't understand . The Borg assimilate . They do not reproduce in this fashion . Where did it come from ? I believe it was created here in the science lab . When the away team beamed back to Voyager , there was a transporter malfunction . Our patterns merged briefly . It is possible that some of my nanoprobes infected the Doctor 's mobile emitter . They began to assimilate . Yes . Nanoprobes are encoded to utilize any technology they encounter . Once it assimilated the emitter , it began to transform this diagnostic station . When Ensign Mulchaey entered the room , they sampled his DNA . Using his genetic code as a template to create a life-form . The drone has increased in mass by 17 percent . Its maturation rate is 25 times that of a conventional Borg . Tuvok , erect a level-10 force field around this section . Post round-the-clock security . You intend to let it mature ? The alternative is to pull the plug and I 'm not prepared to do that- - not unless I have to . Resume your analysis . I want to know exactly what we 're dealing with here . Or should I say whom ? Yes , Captain . I 've adapted the astrometric sensors to penetrate the Borg force field . I thought you said this thing was a fetus . An hour ago , it was . The drone has entered the fourth phase of gestation . In human terms , it is a child of six years . You mean a boy of six years . From what I can tell , the drone is male . Seven , route your sensor data to Sick Bay . I want to run a few medical scans . Stand by . Well , he appears to be human for the most part . Borg implants comprise approximately 27 percent of his body . Curious . His body plating is composed of poly-deutonic alloy . Just like my mobile emitter . The nanoprobes must have extrapolated that technology . It could explain his unique design . Wait a second . The Doctor 's emitter came from the 29th century . It 's 500 years more advanced than anything we 've got . It is logical to assume this drone will be equally advanced . A 29th-century Borg . In essence . I 've located my mobile emitter . It 's embedded in his cerebral cortex . The emitter has been adapted to function as part of his central nervous system . It controls all autonomic functions . That means we can 't remove it ... not without killing the drone . Has it contacted the Borg collective ? No. I have dampened its proximity transceiver . For now . What about when it grows up ? Reactive body armor ? Multidimensional adaptability ? Internal transporter nodes ? The drone possesses superior technology . It will fully mature in less than two hours . However , its Borg shielding is not yet active . We can still terminate it , but we must act quickly . Hold on a minute , Seven . I want some answers first . What normally happens when a drone disengages from the maturation chamber ? It awaits instructions from the collective . So without those instructions , it has no designation , right ? No purpose . Correct . If we can keep him from interfacing with the collective , maybe we can give him a purpose . Captain ... This is the most advanced drone ever to exist . We could teach him our values , Seven . We could show him what it means to be an individual . If we fail ... if the drone were to be assimilated , the collective would become far more powerful . What I 'm proposing is the only defense we have against that possibility , short of murder and that 's an order I 'd prefer not to give . As I recall , Seven , there were a few crew members who had similar doubts about you . The situation is different . is it ? A Borg ? Disconnected from the collective ? Unsure of its identity . A potential threat . But we succeeded . We 're going to pull the same trick again . Only this time , you 're going to be the teacher . I am to instruct the drone in the ways of humanity . Think of it as first contact ... and you are our ambassador . Maturation cycle is complete . We are Borg . State our designation . Designation is irrelevant . You are not part of the collective . You are an individual . You will receive your instructions from me . lnsufficient . You must comply . lnsufficient . We are Borg . My designation is Seven of Nine , Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One . But you may call me Seven of Nine . Seven of Nine . You will comply with my commands . Seven of Nine . Yes . We are not Borg . We are individuals . Do you understand ? State our designation . Apparently not . The drone 's responses are programmed . It doesn 't understand what I 'm saying . I must initiate a direct neural interface . Are you sure that 's wise ? There is no other way for me to communicate with it . Proceed . You will not be harmed . Resistance is futile . I am providing it with instructions . It understands . The drone is probing my neural pathways . It is trying to assimilate all of my knowledge . I cannot disengage the link . Terminate interface ! You must comply . You are hurting me . I will comply . Daily Log , Seven of Nine . I 've activated the drone 's linguistic database . It is now capable of assimilating information . A direct neural link is too dangerous . So I 've decided to use Borg data nodes . Special delivery- - two Borg data nodes . More ? Link them to the data port . How many Borg hitchhikers are we going to pick up on this trip ? Maybe this is the collective 's new strategy . They don 't assimilate anymore . They just show up and look helpless . Now , B 'Elanna ... We don 't know what this drone will turn into . It 's gone from infant to adult in one day . It will become what we help it to become . How Starfleet of you . Seven of Nine to Neelix . Neelix here . Report to the science lab immediately . Bring the first data node . On my way . We are Borg . State our designation . I have compiled information into this data node for you to assimilate . We do not understand . You will , but first you must assimilate this data . Come here . Comply . Give me your arm . Inject the data node with an assimilation tubule- - this access port . We do not understand . Your designation is Seven of Nine . Yes . Your designation is Neelix- - Talaxian . That 's me . This is a laboratory on a vessel . The Starship Voyager . I am traveling through interstellar space . Yes . Why ? This is a ship of exploration . I am an explorer . We all are . We are Borg . Well , no . You are a unique individual , one of many on Voyager . This is not a Borg collective . Do you understand ? Individual . My thoughts are my own . Precisely . I wish to assimilate more information . Not yet . Your neural pathways require time to process the information . You will need to regenerate soon . I will adapt one of the alcoves in our cargo bay to your technology . Take the drone to the Doctor for medical analysis . Go with him . All members of this crew must report to the Sick Bay for evaluation . When I am finished here , I will join you . Duranium hull . Plasma-based power distribution . Tricylic life-support systems . Artificial gravity plating . Oh , right on all counts . Systems analysis appears to be your forte . You should think about a future in starship operations . Human female . Very good . She was frightened by me . Why do you say that ? I detected an elevation in her pheromonal response . Well , you 're new around here . An unfamiliar face takes some getting used to . I remember when I first came aboard Voyager . I provoked a few strange reactions myself . I still do from time to time . I mean , just look at me- - whiskers and spots . Were people afraid of you as well ? Well , no . Do they fear me because I am Borg ? Sometimes Borg can be a little intimidating . Don 't take it personally . I want to know more about the collective . You do ? Well , of course you do . Tell me about the Borg . Oh , what 's to tell ? You 've seen one cybernetically enhanced species , you 've seen them all . You 'll have plenty of time to learn all about them , but first , you have to give yourself a chance to adapt to life here on Voyager . Now , Mister ... ? Gosh , I 'm sorry . In all the excitement , I forgot your name . I do not have a name . Well , every individual needs a name . We can 't just run around calling you " the drone . " That 's not very interesting , is it ? Seven of Nine tells me my designation is irrelevant . I disagree . You should choose a name for yourself , something that defines who you are . After all , there 's only one of you . One . Oh , here we are- - Sick Bay . Good morning . You are the Emergency Medical Hologram . And you are very observant . Step this way , please . I have to get back to Mess Hall . There 's nothing to worry about . The Doctor is going to run a few scans . You 'll be finished before you know it . I will comply . It 's a noninvasive biomedical scan . You won 't feel a thing . Your central nervous system is functioning normally , but I 'm picking up some degradation in your neural pathways . You 'll need to regenerate soon . My central nervous system is regulated by your mobile emitter . That 's right . Your mobile emitter is more advanced than these diagnostic tools . Far more advanced . It 's technology that came from the 29th century , 400 years in the future . I am an advanced form of life . Yes . I am unique . Mm-hmm . Describe my origins . Oh , it 's a long story . I wish to hear it . Another time . I wish to hear the story now . In a nutshell , there was a transporter malfunction . My emitter fused with several of Seven of Nine 's ... nanoprobes . I was an accident . Call it " a random convergence of technologies . " Am I unwelcome here ? On the contrary . Our primary mission is to explore new forms of life . You may have been unexpected , but , given time , I am sure you 'll make a fine addition to the crew . After all , you 've got my mobile emitter driving your neocortex so you 're bound to make a dazzling impression . That 's called a joke . Joke : A verbal comment or gesture designed to provoke laughter . I see you 've got your mother 's sense of humor . Deck 1 1 , Section 32 , Main Engineering . That is the ... Warp core . Fueled by a matter / antimatter reaction , which produces a maximum output of 4,000 teradynes per second , providing power for faster - than-light propulsion . Correct . This isn 't a classroom , Seven . Lieutenant B 'Elanna Torres , Chief Engineer- - Klingon-human hybrid . She possesses extensive knowledge of this vessel 's systems as well as a volatile temperament . Volatile : English adjective meaning " readily vaporizable " at low temperature ; easily aroused , tending to violent eruption . " Very good . You get a gold star . Our presence here is authorized . The Captain asked me to familiarize the drone with Voyager . Well , how about familiarizing him with the airponics bay ? I have got one hour to come up with a way to predict the expansion rate of this protonebula or Janeway 's going to pull the plug on the entire survey . Do you mind ? If you apply a multispatial algorithm , it will accurately predict the rate of expansion . I can demonstrate . All right . Amazing . Greetings . Our designation ... My designation is One . How are you today ? I 'm just fine , thank you . One ? He requested a designation . " One " seemed appropriate . And how are you today , One ? Well ... thank you , Captain Janeway . Adapting to life on Voyager ? . Yes . To date I 've assimilated 47 billion teraquads of information on a vast variety of subjects , including particle physics , comparative humanoid anatomy , warp field theory ... and the culinary delights of the Delta Quadrant . Mr. Neelix . They 've been spending time together . is your assessment of me complete ? Am I ... sufficient ? Why , yes . More that sufficient . In fact , I 'd say you were making excellent progress , but this isn 't an assessment , One . I simply wanted to meet you . With your permission , I would like to be excused . I 've agreed to assist Lieutenant Torres . She wishes to increase the efficiency of the Bussard collectors . Permission granted . You 've done a remarkable job . Thank you . Not only has he absorbed an incredible amount of knowledge in a matter of days , but he seems to be fitting in with the crew and developing a distinct personality . He is adapting quickly . Then why do I get the feeling something 's bothering you ? He has been expressing curiosity about the Borg . Ah ... and you 're worried that if he learns about them he may be drawn to the collective . Yes . Maybe we should tell him what he wants to know . I 'd rather he learn about the Borg from us than the collective . The lure of perfection is powerful , Captain . He may be tempted to seek out the Borg . That would pose a grave tactical risk . Well , we can delay telling him for now , but keep in mind , the drone is becoming an individual . Seven , he has the right to know . Sooner or later , we 'll have to answer his questions . Deck 8 , Section 4 , Cargo Bay 2- - used for the storage of spare components and surplus materials . It is also where l regenerate . You will reside here with me . I wish to assimilate more information . You 've assimilated enough for one day . You 've also provided invaluable assistance to the Voyager crew . You have exceeded expectations . Then expectations were insufficient . A simple " thank you " would suffice . Thank you ? A customary expression of gratitude . I paid you a compliment . We must regenerate . This technology does not conform with Starfleet parameters . Correct . I am Borg . This technology is Borg . We must regenerate . I wish to assimilate all available data pertaining to the Borg . Step into the alcove . No . You must face outward . Computer , activate regeneration cycle alcoves beta and gamma . Seven of Nine . Yes . Thank you . We must regenerate . A Borg proximity signal has been detected . Origin : Unimatrix 325 , grid 006 . Alter course to intercept . Captain ? The drone transmitted a Borg proximity signal . Wake him . You contacted the collective . No . Check his transceiver . You deactivated my transceiver two days ago . It appears your cranial implants have adapted and created a secondary transceiver . A Borg fail-safe device . Precisely . Have you detected any vessels ? Long-range sensors picked up a transwarp conduit . A ship is approaching . Time to intercept ? Approximately three hours . The Borg ? Yes . I wish to meet them . Seven ... I think it 's time we showed our drone what the Borg are all about . The Borg have assimilated thousands of species . Correct . What becomes of those species ? Their neural pathways are restructured and linked to a single collective mind- - the hive . Their bodies are augmented with cybernetic technology . They become drones . I wish to experience the hive mind . If you did that , you 'd no longer be unique . The Borg would destroy your individuality . And that is ... undesirable ? Very . The Borg are the most destructive force we 've ever encountered . They 've assimilated billions of individuals against their will . You were assimilated . My link to the collective was severed . When you were in the collective , you assimilated others . Yes . You call the Borg destructive . Seven of Nine is not . That 's because she 's regained her individuality . But if the Borg had the chance , they 'd take it away from her again . They 'd assimilate everyone on Voyager . With your advanced technology ... the collective would become even more destructive . We have to prevent that from happening , but we can 't do it without you . We need your abilities to enhance our defenses . Shields , weapons ... Will you help us resist them ? Seven of Nine ... do you wish to rejoin the collective ? Voyager is my collective . I will need time to assimilate this information . All hands to battle stations . A Borg vessel is approaching . We just ran out of time . Seven of Nine , I 'm detecting irregularities in my autonomic nervous system- - cardiovascular excitation , vasoconstriction ... You 're experiencing an emotion- - anxiety . It is only temporary . Anxiety : A state of apprehension caused by fear . The Borg usually elicit this response in others . Are you experiencing anxiety as well ? Yes . Along with every crew member on Voyager . Because they fear assimilation ? Correct . We are needed on the Bridge . Deck 1 . Seven of Nine . Yes ? What will happen now ? We will engage the Borg . Will Voyager be destroyed ? The Borg are powerful , but Captain Janeway is a resourceful leader . We will resist . Resistance is futile . Perhaps . The Borg vessel 's moving into range . On screen . Long-range tactical vessel . Transwarp capability . Ablative hull armor . We 're being scanned . They 're preparing to attack . You must help us enhance our shields . This station will give you access to the shield generators . They are hailing us . Open a channel . We are the Borg . You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . Resistance is futile . I can hear them ... in my mind . They 've locked on a tractor beam . The collective is calling to me . I hear it , too . Billions of voices speaking as one . We must resist that voice . The crew of Voyager will be destroyed if we don 't . Our shields are remodulating . We 've broken free . Can you enhance our phasers ? Yes . Do it . When he 's finished , target their propulsion system . Be prepared to jump to warp , Mr. Paris . Enhancements complete . You may fire . What happened ? They inverted our phaser beam with a feedback pulse . They just took out our warp drive . Your technology is limited . I cannot enhance it further . I must interface with the collective . I can disrupt their vessel from within . They will try to assimilate you . They will fail . Harry , lock on to the drone . That won 't be necessary . He 's inside the sphere . We are the Borg . You will be assimilated . My technology is superior . Stop your attack or I will destroy you . Your technological distinctiveness will be added to our own . Resistance is futile . Shields down to 29 percent ! He 's accessing their navigational controls . It 's heading directly for the nebula . If they get too close , their hull will collapse . Terminate your interface . Stand down Red Alert . Tuvok , secure all stations . Organize damage control teams , Chakotay . Captain , I 'm reading a life-sign in the debris . It 's the drone . He survived . He 's erected a multispatial force field around his body ... but it is weakening . Get a lock on him . Beam him to Sick Bay . Damage ? Several of his implants were fused in the explosion , but they 're regenerating . His biological systems are a different story . Severe trauma to the cerebral cortex , internal bleeding . He needs immediate surgery . The sphere ? Destroyed . You were successful . While I was linked to the Borg , I could hear their thoughts ... their objectives . They are aware of my existence . They will pursue me . irrelevant . They will fail . I need to get started . No. I should not exist . I was an accident- - a random convergence of technologies . You are unique . I was never meant to be . As long as I exist , you are in danger . All life on Voyager is in danger . We can talk about this later . Allow the Doctor to proceed . Lower the force field . His synapses are failing . You must comply . I will not . You must comply . Please . You are hurting me . You will adapt . I 'm sorry .
