 Activate the bio-temporaI chamber . Is she going to be all right ? Not if you don 't all clear out of here and let me do my work . She 's my mother . I 'm staying . This is a very delicate procedure and I couId use some peace and quiet . The Doctor 's right . Let 's let him do his work . AII right . I wish I 'd told you this before but better late than never . You 're the finest friend I 've ever had . Prepare to bring the bio-temporaI chamber on Iine . We 'II begin in approximately five minutes . Grandma , are you awake ? I brought you a present . Grandma Kes ? I finally finished making your birthday present . Sorry it 's late , but I wanted to get it right . I ... I don 't know you . What do you mean ? I 'm Andrew ... your grandson . I don 't know you . Doctor . Dr. van Gogh . What is it ? She doesn 't recognize me . Kes ? How are you feeling ? Where am I ? What is this place ? You 're in Sick Bay . Do you know who I am ? No . Yes . I 've seen you before . Do you know my name ? The boy , he called you Dr. van Gogh . That 's right . You said I was your finest friend . well ... I 'm not sure I 've ever said that exactly , but ... that doesn 't mean it 's not true . How could I be your friend ? I don 't know you . tell me what you do remember . Uh , people around me , crowded around me . You ... a boy ... a young girl . I was in a chamber ... a bio-temporaI chamber . Good . I was inside it and you told someone to activate it . I 'm afraid you 're confused . I discussed the bio-temporaI chamber with you , but we 're not ready to put you inside it just yet . Can you recall anything else besides those people you saw ? Anything else about your life ? No . Go find the rest of your family . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! What 's the big hurry ? I 'm sorry , Captain . I have to go . What was that all about ? I 'm afraid Kes is getting worse , Captain . Her amnesia is near total . Fewer than one percent of her engrams remained intact . It 's as if her memory were wiped clean . Is it some sort of senility ? Maybe . I 've never treated a nine-year-oId Ocampan before . For all I know , it 's a perfectly normal part of their aging process . It 's hard to believe that she performed microsurgery on my elbow just a few weeks ago . A few weeks ago , she was a healthy woman , but this morilogium comes on abruptly and then progresses with a rapidity I 've never seen before . How are you coming along with the bio-temporaI chamber ? As I told you , it 's a completely revolutionary procedure . I have no idea if it 'II work . Under normal circumstances , I 'd want to perform extensive tests on the apparatus , but we 're losing her too fast . If I don 't try it now , it may be too late . If you really believe it will prolong her life ... If we 're lucky , it may buy her another year . I think you have the family 's consent . You should go ahead and do it . I 'm so cold . I 'm cold . No wonder . Your temperature has dropped to 14.8- - almost two degrees below normal . What does that mean ? I 'm not sure . What ? Her cells are in a state of bio-temporaI flux . I don 't understand how that could be happening before I put her in the chamber . I 'm cold . Look , Mom , I 'm almost finished with Grandma 's present . It 's wonderful , sweetheart . I 'm sure Grandma will think it was well worth the wait . I hope so . I still feel bad about not having it ready in time for her party . hello . How was your nap ? Andrew ? Grandma , don 't look . You 'II ruin the surprise . Why don 't you sit down ? I 'II get you some tea . Where am I ? In your quarters . What quarters ? Aboard Voyager What 's wrong ? I don 't know who you are . But you ... I know who you are . tell me what 's happening . How did I get here ? Andrew , get your grandfather and father . tell them to meet us in Sick Bay . Yes ... Sick Bay . I remember that place . I was just there . Uh , when ? Just a few minutes ago . Dr. van Gogh asked me some questions . I couldn 't remember anything . You haven 't been to Sick Bay for over a week- - since you stopped working there . Working ? What kind of work ? Don 't you remember ? You were one of the ship 's doctors . I worked there with you . Who are you ? I 'm your daughter ... Linnis . But I don 't remember you . Do you remember anything at all ? Just people crowded around me ... voices ... The Doctor told everyone to leave and then he told someone else to activate the bio-temporaI chamber . He 's been working on that . He may have mentioned it to you . And then I woke up and there was a boy ... Andrew ... standing over me with a present ... calling me Grandma . But Andrew hasn 't finished your present yet . You just saw him still working on it in your quarters . But he was there . The Doctor sent him to get my family and I was cold and I woke up in that bed in the quarters and ... Maybe you were dreaming . I ... I don 't think so . well , none of the things that you remember before waking from your nap have happened . How do you know ? Listen to me , Mother . You 're confused right now and I 'm sure that 's very frightening . But you need to trust me . I 'm your daughter and I Iove you . Now , please , come with me . Come . I 've been expecting this . The onset of morilogium She 's lost more than 98 percent of her memory engrams . Morilogium ? The final phase of the Ocampan Iife-span , Mother . Are you saying that I 'm dying ? Not if I can help it . What do you mean ? Kes , it 's me , Tom . Your husband . Tom . We 're losing her . How long ? If we do nothing , a matter of weeks . But I 'm working on something to extend her Iife-span . It involves treating her with a bio-temporaI field in order to push her cells back to an earlier stage of entropic decay . It 's highly experimental , but if it works , it might buy her some time . No . My mother 's always accepted that she would only live nine years . If she 's reaching the natural end of her life , she wouldn 't want extraordinary measures taken to extend it . especially not in the state she 's in now . If the Doctor has a way to keep your mother with us , even for one more day , we have to let him try . We 're not talking about a tested medical procedure here . We 're talking about a radical experiment . Sweetheart , I understand how upsetting this is . But if it were you on that bio-bed , I 'd feel just like Tom does . Everyone , listen to me , please . Yes , listen to her . Mother , tell us what you want . I want to know what 's going on here . Maybe the morilogium is causing my amnesia , but that doesn 't explain how I seem to suddenly jump from Sick Bay to my quarters , or how I remember being in a bio-temporaI chamber . Kes , it 's possible the morilogium is causing you to experience delusions . No , they 're not delusions ! I want you to lie down . No . Leave her alone . Your grandmother 's very sick , son . Maybe , but she 's not delusional . She 's the smartest person I know . We should listen to her . Oh , I 'm cold . Her body temperature has dropped 2.7 degrees . ... For she 's a jolly good fellow For she 's a jolly good fellow For she 's a jolly good fellow Which nobody can deny . Happy ninth , Kes . well , go ahead . Make a wish . well , what are you waiting for ? blow out the candles . It 's good to see that old lung is still working , Kessy . Happy birthday , sweetheart . Why , you know , I haven 't made one of these since ... well , since I became Security Officer . Perhaps you would care to relinquish your commission and return to the scene of your former triumphs . You keep working on that sense of humor , Commander VuIcan . You 'II get it one of these days . JimbaIian fudge- - your favorite . Some of us ought to be watching our calories , but after all , it is a special occasion . Andrew . I 'm sorry I don 't have a present for you , Grandma . I 've got an idea for something special I 'm going to make , but I 've been too busy with schoolwork . I haven 't had a chance to start it . I think it 'II be worth the wait . Come and talk to Grandma for a minute , will you ? Sure . I 'm going to ask you a few questions and I want you to think very carefully before you answer them , all right ? I always think before I speak . You taught me that . Where were you before you came to this party ? At my physics lesson in Engineering . And then you came directly here ? No . I stopped at your quarters to get you . Don 't you remember ? Andrew , stop monopolizing your grandmother 's time . There are other people who 'd would Iike to wish her a happy birthday , you know . She 's all yours , Doctor . Excuse me . That cake looks great . It 's amazing to think that you weren 't even a year old when we first met . Not much older than Andrew . Doctor , there 's something wrong with me . What is it ? Promise to hear me out and not assume I 'm delusional . Why do you think I 'd ever make such an assumption ? Promise . Of course . I 've lost all but a few of my memories and the memories I do have don 't coincide with anyone else 's . Can you be more specific ? well , I was in Sick Bay and you and a woman , my daughter , were arguing about prolonging my Iife and then I suddenly appeared in my quarters and then I simply appeared here . As far as I know , none of that happened . Is it possible you were dreaming ? No . I was awake . I 'm sure of it . But nobody else remembers the things I do . I hate to say this , but ... it 's possible that these strange experiences you 're having are related to the onset of the morilogium You talked about that . You wanted to put me in a bio-temporaI chamber to stop my aging process . How could you possibly know about that ? Because you told me . I only came up with the idea for the bio-temporaI chamber this morning . I was going to tell you about it today , here , at the party as a sort of birthday surprise . If that were true , then how could I already know about it ? I don 't know , but we 'd better get you to Sick Bay and find out . She appears to have lost more than 95 percent of her memory engrams . Is that symptomatic of the morilogium ? I don 't know . I have no basis for comparison . No other Ocampans on board . Don 't worry . We 'II get to the bottom of this . I do have memories . They just don 't coincide with anyone else 's . First , Andrew gave me a belated birthday present . Then , he said he was working on the present . And now he just apologized for not starting it yet . It 's almost as if you 're experiencing events in reverse . Maybe there 's some kind of time paradox at work . There is another possibility . Given that Kes has knowledge of a treatment I have not yet devised , it 's possible she 's developed some sort of precognition . Are you saying I can see into the future ? well , you 've demonstrated some pretty extraordinary mental powers over the years- - telepathy , telekinesis . And precognition wouldn 't be unprecedented . Some species , including the Yattho of the Beta Quadrant , have been known to predict future events with uncanny accuracy . See if you can confirm this theory about precognition . In the meantime , Tom and I will begin scanning for temporal anomalies . We 'II do everything we can to help you . I 'd Iike to do something to help myself . What did you have in mind ? well , I seem to have lived quite a full life on this ship . Maybe if I had a look at my medical files or checked other records of my activities , I might be able to fill in some of the blanks . well , you may have lost your memories , but you certainly haven 't lost your determination . Hi . Oh , hello . How 's it coming ? I 've had a busy life . It 's hard to know where to start . How about you ? well , we 've tried every kind of temporal scan Harry could think of , but we still haven 't been able to find anything to explain what 's been happening to you . Your initial physical exam . I remember when you came on board . I had a crush on you right from the beginning . I tried to hide it , but NeeIix sensed it and , boy , was he ever jealous . NeeIix ? You don 't remember ? You and he were involved for quite a while . Oh , one of your prenatal exams . When we listened to Linnis 's heartbeat . That was quite a day . What about this ? It says I got some kind of radiation poisoning on stardate 50973 . That was the beginning of the Year of hell . " Year of hell " ? well , that 's what some of us call it now . We were under virtually constant attack by a race called the Krenim . The ship almost didn 't make it . The Doctor was off-Iine for months , and we lost a Iot of good peopIe- - Captain Janeway , Joe Carey ... B 'EIanna . B 'EIanna ? I keep forgetting that you don 't remember any of them . B 'EIanna was ... someone who was very special to me . When she died , I felt like I wanted to die , too . But you ... you helped me through it . I 'm sorry . No . No . It 's my fault . You haven 't done anything wrong . It 's just ... You don 't remember any of our life together ? well , that 's all right . I 've got enough feelings for both of us . Maybe the feelings I had for you will come back . You were asking about the radiation poisoning . A Iot of us were exposed . During the first Krenim attack , one of the chroniton torpedo fragments Ieaked radiation into the ship . Chroniton torpedoes ? They were able to penetrate our shields because their torpedoes were in a constant state of temporal flux . Wait a minute . I think we may be onto something . We 'd better go talk to the Doctor . Come on . If I was infected with these chroniton particles , there might be a connection to what 's happening to me now . exactly . Maybe we should try scanning for residual ... Say cheese . Oh ... . I think he 's got your nose , Mother . So how does it feel to be a grandfather ? A Iot better than it does to have you for a son-in-Iaw . What 's the date ? The date ? Yes . The stardate . It 's 56947 . Why ? Over six months . Mother , what 's going on ? Tom , we have to talk to the Doctor . Come on . As far as I can tell , I 've jumped backwards a total of five times so far . Is there any discernible pattern to these jumps ? No . They 're apparently random . Uh , one time it seemed to span for a few weeks and the Iast was half a year . Each time I arrive , I seem to exist in temporal sync with the rest of you for a while , but before I can make anyone understand what 's happening , I find myself at an earlier time in my Iife and just before it happens , I seem to experience a sudden drop in body temperature . Hmm . Now , this could explain a thing or two . What is it ? I 'm detecting high-IeveI chroniton radiation in your cells . So I was right . There is a connection . But Kes was inoculated along with the rest of the crew over three years ago . Yes , however , everyone was left with trace amounts of the radiation in their bodies . For some reason , those residual chronitons have reactivated in Kes . Why ? The bio-temporaI chamber . My thinking exactly . would you two mind explaining ? It 's really quite obvious , Lieutenant . Your wife is traveling backward through time . It 's as though I came into existence at the moment of my own death without any memories . I 've been living my Iife backwards ever since- - jumping progressively to earlier moments in my Iife , accumulating memories and experiences as I go . Your past has become my future . Doctor , any theory about what 's causing this ? In approximately six months , I will apparently expose Kes to some type of bio-temporaI field in a highly experimental , but nonetheless brilliant attempt to stop her aging process . And it 's this attempt which leads to Kes 's current predicament ? What I will , apparently , fall to realize is that the bio-temporaI field is going to reactivate the dormant chroniton particles in her cells , bringing Kes out of temporal sync with the rest of us . Is there any way to stop Kes from continuing these jumps ? Yes . Purge her completely of the chroniton poisoning . To do that , we 'd need to know the precise temporal variance of the specific torpedo which contaminated the ship . tactical sensors were not functioning at the time . There is no data regarding the torpedo in question . Let me get one thing straight , Doc . Is it possible , if this keeps happening to Kes , that she might actually jump back into a time before she knew any of us ? Worse than that , Mr. Paris . It 's possible she may eventually jump back to a time ... before she even existed . Captain 's Log , Stardate 55836.2 . Kes has remained in temporal sync with us for two days now , but since we don 't know when she may jump again , we can 't afford to rest until we 've found some way to help her . I 'm going to try running a hypothalamic scan . Maybe we can establish a pattern to the drops in your body temperature . You 're very good at this , aren 't you ? I had a very good teacher . Doctor van Gogh ? You . I 'm sorry . AII this must be taking you away from your baby just now . You must be wanting to spend every second with him . actually , I feel a little awkward around him sometimes . Harry 's always singing to him and playing with him , but ... well , I seem to be much more comfortable with a molecular scanner than I am with a diaper . Oh , Linnis , I don 't think that ... Kes , I may have found a way to prevent your next jump . I 've erected a containment field that may keep you here . It 's going to require your confinement in Sick Bay . I 'II keep working here . Linnis ... you must be a good mother . I happen to know that Andrew grows up to be a wonderful child . hello , Tom . I thought ... maybe you could use some company . I feel like I 'm in a cage . Dr. van Gogh says ... Dr. " van Gogh " ? I thought you settled on " Mozart . " evidently , my interest in the great figures of art and culture will be an ongoing process . well ... " Vincent " ... uh ... how about letting me inside this thing ? I 'm afraid that wouldn 't be advisable . Okay , then ... How about another installment of Tom and Kes : The Early Years ? I 'd enjoy that . Um ... well , there was , uh , our wedding reception . Harry was my best man . He ... he got so nervous when he stood up to give the toast that he spilled champagne all over my dress uniform . What is it ? At the time , I thought that was the happiest day of my Iife ... but every day just got better and better . It means so much to have you here now . I think I may have found something . What is it ? well , I was studying the effects of the chronitons on other crew members and I ... What 's that ? Kes ' temperature has dropped 1.9 degrees . Linnis , monitor the containment field . I 'm going to try to elevate her temperature . Her temperature 's still dropping . We 're losing containment . Increase the field amplitude . Kes ... ? it 's not working . We 're losing her . Set field polarization to maximum . Do something ! The sac is opening ... What 's happening ? What do you mean " what 's happening ? " You 're having a baby . Now , hold still . Where am I ? exactly where I told you not to be- - on a shuttlecraft . I have to see the Doctor . well , that 'd be nice if he were still around . I told you , you were in no condition to come on a supply mission , but did you listen to me ? I can see the toes ... It 's coming ... Kes ... Oh , it 's a girl . Oh ... Linnis . Shh ... She 's beautiful . Yes , she is . Yes , just like her mother . Tom ... listen ... I Iove you , Kes . We need to talk . Just a minute . But ... What is it ? Voyager 's under attack . congratulations . Thanks . But it looks like the celebration 'II have to wait . I 'II get Kes and the baby to the Mess hall . Captain Chakotay wants you to go to the weapons array and modulate the targeting scanners to a parametric frequency . He 's going to try to knock out the chroniton torpedo launchers before they 're fired . Chroniton torpedoes- - the " Year of hell . " What ? You told me that the crew referred to this time as the " Year of hell . " When did I tell you that ? It 's a Iong story . You 'II have to tell me later . I 've got to get to the weapons array . NeeIix , get her to lie down , will you ? NeeIix , listen very carefully . There 's something important I have to tell you . NeeIix told us what 's been happening to you , Kes . How are you holding up ? We 're both fine . It 's quite a story . Just before the Iast jump , we were close to a solution . The Doctor was working on ... The Doctor ? well , it 's good to know we 'II eventually get him back on Iine . " eventually " may be too late . We 've got to help Kes now . We discovered that what 's been happening to me is related to the chroniton poisoning I suffered during a Krenim attack . We have to determine the exact temporal variance of the torpedo , so that we ... The main computer 's been off-Iine for weeks . Even if the sensor logs contain that information , we can 't access them . You have to put me in the bio - temporal containment field . I know it didn 't work last time , but with a few modifications ... We 've only got Iife-support on three out of 14 decks . And we 've had to divert all remaining power to knock out the Krenim 's torpedo launchers . We don 't even have a Sick Bay anymore , much less the resources to create a bio-containment field . I 'm sorry . We 've got to do something to help her . I 'm open to suggestions . I 'm cold . I 'II get you a blanket . No . You don 't understand . I 'm abou ... I 'm about ... Tom ... Hey , Kes . Some party , huh ? I have to talk to you . Tom ... I 'm sorry I 'm late . You must be B 'EIanna . well , the Iast time I checked . Is something wrong ? actually ... there is something wrong . Red alert . AII hands to battle stations . Tuvok , fire phasers . acknowledged . Who the hell are they ? They 're called the Krenim . How do you know that ? Captain Janeway ? What is it , Kes ? What do you know about them ? shields down to 39 percent , Captain . I don 't understand how these torpedoes are ripping right through our shields . Evasive maneuvers , Mr. Paris . B 'EIanna , can we reroute power to the forward shields ? I 'm already trying . Captain , these torpedoes are chroniton-based . They 're passing through our shields because they 're in a state of temporal flux . They 're dead . B 'EIanna ! hull breach on Deck 7 . We 're losing Iife-support . Evacuate the deck . Tom , I need you at the conn . Aye , sir . Commander , they 're arming their torpedo launchers again . We cannot sustain another direct hit . Kes , you seem to know something about these weapons . Do you have any idea how we can stop them ? I 'm not sure , but I think it has something to do with remoduIating the targeting scanners . That could work . If we remoduIate the scanners to a parametric frequency , we might be able to destroy the torpedo launchers before they fire . Mr. Tuvok , you heard the man . Tom , bring us about . Ready , Commander . Fire ! Do you have a casualty report ? including Captain Janeway and B 'EIanna , we lost 1 1 people . What about the ship ? Starboard shield generators and warp drive are off-Iine , and power is down on Decks 4 through 12 . Make Deck 5 your priority . We 've got to get Sick Bay up and running again . Aye , sir . Kes , as far as what you say is happening to you ... I understand that my condition can 't be a priority now . Tom , I 'm going to need you to stay here and help treat these people . When this is over , we 're all going to have a Iot of grieving to do . How are you doing ? Tom ? I know it doesn 't seem possible now , but you 're going to be all right . I wish I couId believe you . You can . Thanks . Kes , we 've got radiation leakage coming from one of the Krenim torpedo fragments . people are starting to complain of nausea . Chroniton radiation . This is it . I 'm infected . Where 's the radiation coming from ? It 's lodged in a Jefferies tube on Deck 1 1 , Section 2 . I 've got to get down there . You can 't , the entire deck is sealed off . I have to find the exact temporal variance of that torpedo . You can 't go near that thing . You 'II be burned to a crisp . I know what I 'm doing . You stay here and help Tom , all right ? Yes , but ... Kes , how are you coming with those analgesic compounds ? Doctor , you 've lost your hair . I beg your pardon ? It 's a Iong story . The important thing is , the temporal variance of the chroniton torpedo was 1.47 microseconds . As far as I can determine , I 've now jumped a total of six years into my past . Do you have any theory as to the cause of these jumps ? According to Kes , she and the rest of the crew will be infected by chroniton radiation approximately 1 1 months from now . Everyone will be inoculated and the effects will appear to vanish . However , some five years later , when I attempt an experimentaI- - and I might add , ingenious procedure to extend her Iife-span- - the bio-temporaI field I expose her to will trigger dormant chroniton particles , taking Kes out of temporal sync and causing her to begin her backward journey through time . In all my years in starfleet , I 've never come across a phenomenon quite like this . Kes has been able to provide us with the precise temporal variance of the torpedo which infected her . Since Kes is moving backward in time , she 's already been infected by the radiation poisoning . If we can set up a bio-temporaI chamber and expose her to a precisely modulated field of antichroniton particles , of antichroniton particles , we feel this may purge her system and bring her back into temporal sync with the rest of us . well , we better get moving . For all we know , Kes 's next jump will take her back to a time when we 're not here to help her . Captain , there 's something else I have to tell you . In about six months , you 're going to enter a region of space controlled by a race called the Krenim . You must avoid them at all costs . tell me more . I 'm ready to bring the chamber on Iine . Synaptic relays are operational . How are her vital signs ? pulse normal , body temperature 14 degrees . Chroniton level at 79 roentgens . Go ahead and activate the chamber , Lieutenant . Increase the bio-temporaI field stress . Bringing field stress to 25 kiIodynes . AII right , Iet 's try the antichronitons . Whenever you 're ready , Doc . Initiating antichroniton burst . Ten mevs , five second pulse . pulse steady . Body temperature at 14.2 degrees and rising . What about her chroniton count ? Chroniton count ... is 7 1 roentgens and dropping . It 's working . Lieutenant Torres , increase the field strength to 30 kiIodynes . Right . Initiating another burst . 15 mevs , five second pulse . Body temperature , 14.9 degrees . Chroniton count , 68 roentgens ... sixty ... fifty-seven ... fifty-two ... You need a cook . You haven 't lived until you 've tasted my angla 'bosque It will be my job to anticipate your needs before you know you have them . Not again . And I anticipate your first need will be me . I 'm sorry . I know this is going to sound strange to you both , but I don 't belong here . But we discussed this . You don 't understand . I 'm traveling backwards in time , getting younger . We have to lower my chroniton levels . You 've got to get me into the bio-temporaI chamber right away . I-I 'm sorry , Captain . I-I didn 't quite anticipate this . Listen to me , please . Sweeting , try to calm down . I assure you , Captain , she 's never behaved this way before . hold on a minute , Mr. NeeIix . Kes , why don 't you start over slowly ? It begins about eight years in the future when I 'm about to die ... No ! Time for dinner . What 's wrong , Kes ? Who are you ? What is this place ? We don 't have time to play our guessing game right now , Kes . You know how your mother gets when we 're late to the table . You 're my father . That 's right , and you 're my favorite daughter , but don 't tell anyone . Listen to me . Something terrible 's been happening to me . What 's wrong ? There might not be much time , so I 've got to explain this quickly . please try to believe me . I 've been living aboard a starship called Voyager A starship ... I see . So now it 's not only the surface you 're dreaming about exploring . Listen to me . I did go to the surface , or , rather , I will go there , and the people aboard the ship , they 're going to rescue me from the Kazon and take me with them . Why don 't you finish telling me about your adventures after dinner ? No ! There 's no time . You 've got to believe me . One moment , I was this old woman , and then , and then ... Kes , we 're late . Father , please . I can see the toes ! It 's coming , Martis . It 's a girl ! Oh ! Oh , Kes ! Oh ! Oh ... It 's a girl ! Oh ! Oh , she 's so ... she 's so beautiful . Kes ! Oh ... I think one day , she 'II see the sun . 51 roentgens . Forty-six ... thirty-four . Another antichroniton burst- - 20 mevs . Right . levels are continuing to drop . pulse normal . Body temperature steady at 16.3 degrees . Chroniton levels are at zero roentgens . welcome back , Kes . What 's the date ? How old am I ? The same age you were when we put you into the bio-temporaI chamber- - a healthy three years and two months . And due to an extraordinary display of medical heroics , you 're back in temporal sync with the rest of us . So , I 'm going to become a security officer . How about that ? fortunately , Mr. NeeIix , what Kes has been describing is merely one possible future . On each occasion that she jumped to a previous time , her subsequent actions most likely altered the future from that moment on . Good point , Tuvok . Maybe I 'II turn out to be Chief Security Officer . So , Kes ... have you regained all your memories of the past ? I remember last month 's supply of replicator rations that you borrowed that you owe me ... if that 's what you 're asking . Don 't worry . I haven 't forgotten . I realize it 's only hypothetical , but still , I 'd be curious to know what sorts of medical breakthroughs I 'm going to make in this possible future . It 's not as if I 've seen everything that 's going to happen over the next six years . I only remember short periods I experienced between jumps . Even so , I bet you found out some pretty interesting things . Yeah , Kes . tell us what you know . careful , Tom . You may find out that you leave Voyager only to join a monastery . Hey , give him a little credit . I 'II bet he gets married and has a family . Thank you . Don 't mention it . Are you telling ? well ... as Tuvok said , I 've only seen pieces of one possible future . You know what ? Don 't tell me . I don 't want to know . I Iike a little mystery in my Iife . Tom 's right . I think we should all leave the future to the future . while I agree it wouId not be wise for Kes to make all of her experiences public , a report on anything she knows about these Krenim might be useful . I 'II get started right away . Hang on a minute . I didn 't mean now . Stay and enjoy your party . If there 's one thing that this experience has taught me , Captain , it 's that there 's no time like the present .
