 What ? I 've seen that look before . Ensign Murphy had better watch out . I happen to know that Murphy is seeing one of the Delaney sisters . Not since Harry and Tom Paris made their move . Harry and the Delaney sisters ? He would have told me . I guess there are some things he keeps to himself . Harry ... is it true about you and the Delaney sisters ? Is what true ? Come on , Harry . There aren 't any secrets on a ship this small . What have you been telling people ? Well , we did take that trip to Venice with them . The holodeck ? You got to be kidding . That lasted all of 15 minutes . Yeah , you know I 've been meaning to ask you . What happened when you and Jenny Delaney disappeared in that gondola ? Nothing . Harry , we 're your friends . You can tell us . Nothing . We ... talked . And then ... I fell over the side . You fell out of the gondola ? I think maybe Harry wasn 't quite prepared for how voracious Jenny Delaney can be . I think it 's finally beginning to happen . Both crews getting along . That kind of bonding should improve performance and maximize efficiency . Yes , I 'm sure it will . Bridge to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . Captain , we 're receiving a distress call in one of the lower subspace bands . I 'm on my way . - This is it . - Thanks . Report , Commander . The subspace distress signal 's coming from a vessel bearing 125 mark 21 . Distance : 200,000 kilometers . Captain ... sensors indicate five life-forms aboard . The vessel is altering its course to intercept us . Go to Yellow Alert and slow to impulse . - Hail them , Mr. Kim . - Aye , Captain . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . What is the nature of your emergency ? We have no emergency . But you 're sending out a distress call . Yes , we are . Why ? Because you are in distress . I am Gathorel Labin of the planet Sikaris . Please , let us welcome you to our system , show you the hospitality of our people . That 's very kind of you ... if I could come aboard your ship , I have gifts for you and a proposal I hope you will find irresistible . Mr. Tuvok , make the necessary arrangements to receive our guest . Ah ... Mr. Labin , it really isn 't necessary to go to all of this trouble . Please , call me Gath . And I promise you , I would like nothing better than to prepare a few of our newest delicacies for you . Ah , this will be perfect . Uh-uh , Captain , I 'm serving lunch in less than two hours . We won 't be long , Neelix . This is Mr ... . this is Gath . He 's from Sikaris . Ooh , Sikaris . Do you know the planet ? Only stories about their incredible hospitality . Tell me , how do you know about us ? Our people are very well-traveled . Some of them have brought back stories about the ship of aliens from another part of the galaxy- - people lost and alone , struggling to find their way home again . This is wonderful . And I decided to come and meet you , and offer you respite . Respite ? A vacation , if you will- - get away from the confines of the ship , enjoy the beauty of our landscape , meet and talk with interesting , learned people . And the crew would certainly welcome a little shore leave , Captain . And I hear the Sikarians have a huge variety of edible plants . If we could collect some seeds , we 'd expand our selection significantly . Sounds like all this would increase performance and maximize efficiency . Don 't you think , Mr. Tuvok ? Indeed . Well , Gath , looks like you 're getting visitors . We 'll set a course and follow you in . I could not be happier . If you see anything you like , just let me know . What is this material ? It 's so delicate . Exquisite , isn 't it ? It 's the latest import from Dedestris . It 's spun from the petals of a flower that blooms only in moonlight . Shall I have a dress made for you ? It 's lovely , but , no ... thank you . Is it so hard for you to accept a gift ? All right , but something small . Maybe a scarf ? What a curious people you are . Tell me , would it help if I said that you could have an entire wardrobe made from these beautiful fabrics , and that it would give all of us pleasure to create it for you ? Let 's ... start with the scarf . As you like . Which cloth do you prefer , huh ? That 's beautiful . Are you a musician ? This isn 't a musical instrument . It 's an atmospheric sensor . The frequency of the chimes indicates changes in weather conditions . Then it must work on a principle of non-linear resonance , adjusting to the dynamic variables in the atmosphere . That 's exactly right . Are you a scientist ? In a sense . Can you show me how to operate it ? I 'd be happy to . First , you have to initialize the sub-harmonic mode . Mm-hmm . Oh , I think this one . When I see you wearing that scarf , my pleasure will be greater than yours . Well , I should get back . But with your permission , I 'd like to start organizing teams to gather plants and seeds . This is my associate , Jaret Otel . You may contact him to make any necessary arrangements . We 'll be glad to assist you in any way , Captain . I 'll find my officers , and we 'll return to the ship . Tonight , we are having a celebration here . I hope you and your officers will be my guests . We 'd be delighted . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48642.5 . The crew is enjoying an evening on Sikaris . They are discovering , to their delight , that reports of this species ' hospitality have not been exaggerated . ... so the whole thing exploded , and there we were , 70,000 light years from home , and no way to get back . Felt pretty lonely . That 's a very noble story . Noble ? Mm-hmm . Stories can be whimsical or frightening or-or melancholy or many other things , but noble stories are the ones that can most affect our lives . May I have your permission to tell others this story ? Sure . It 's no secret . But stories are an essential part of every person 's being . I would never share one without permission . Go right ahead . I 've got a few others , too . You do ? Come with me . I know a private place where you can tell me all your stories . Stand close to me . Alastria . Mm ... Where are we ? The woods of Alastria- - my favorite place . I usually come here when I want to spend time alone , but tonight , it ... it seemed right to bring you . Now ... tell me your stories- - all of them . Why is it so much warmer here ? What is that ? The dawn zephyr . Dawn ? Wejust got here . That 's ... that is an amazing feeling . What ... what 's happening ? The erosene winds- - passion winds ... comejust before the dawn . The erosene creates euphoria . I 'll say . Why am I seeing two suns ? Because this is a binary system . But your planet only has one sun . But Alastria has two . Eudana ... Hmm ? Where are we ? I told you ... Alastria- - a system far from Sikaris . How far ? Do you have to ask all these questions ? Please , it 's important . Alastria is about two and a half billion times the distance between Sikaris and its sun . That 's almost ... 40,000 light-years . Mmm ... Now feel the breeze . Um , we have to go back . It 's still night on Sikaris . We have plenty of time . No . Um ... we 're going back- - and I need you to tell me everything you know about that platform that got us here . And tomorrow night , you must let me take you to the theater . Oh , my . I have lost all track of time . My crew has gone . I 'm the last one here . I hope that 's because you are enjoying yourself . I am . Captain ! Excuse me for interrupting , but I 'vejust found out about something incredible . Calm down , Ensign . What is it ? That platform- - it 's a transportation device . Extremely sophisticated . It operates on the principle of folding space . That 's something that 's been theorized , but no one 's ever been able to develop the technology . Well , these people have . I 'vejust been to Alastria and back . Alastria is 40,000 light years away . We call it a spatial trajector . We 're able to travel to all the planets in this Quadrant . How far can it take you ? Alastria is at the outermost limits of its range . Apparently , it 's never been used to move anything as large as Voyager , but as I understand the principle of space folding , the size of the object isn 't relevant . What do you think ? Would it be possible to modify your technology so we could use it ? I tried to tell him . What is it ? We cannot share our technology . Once it 's out of our control , it might fall into the hands of those who would abuse it , and our Canon of Laws strictly forbids that . But we wouldn 't abuse it . Don 't you see what it would mean to us ? Please , don 't make it more difficult for me . I don 't enjoy denying you this , but our Canon of Laws has determined our entire system of values . To break one of its precepts would undermine everything we believe in . I 'm sorry , but there can be no exceptions to the law . I can 't believe they 're not going to help us . Some kind of hospitality . 40,000 light years . Even if that 's as far as we could go , it would still knock about four decades off our trip . And the possibility exists that we could reconfigure the matrix at that point , to take us another 30,000 light-years , right into Federation space . Since they 've already said no , this kind of thinking is only going to make you feel worse . It 's the first time we 've been on the other side of the fence . What fence ? The one that 's made of binding principles . We have our own set of rules which includes the Prime Directive . How many times have we been in the position of refusing to interfere when some kind of disaster threatened an alien culture ? It 's all very well to say we do it on the basis of an enlightened principle , but how does that feel to the aliens ? I 'm sure many of them think the Prime Directive is a lousy idea . Even we think so sometimes . I know of many times when Starfleet personnel have decided on strong ethical grounds to ignore it . Still , there 's a reason why it 's Starfleet 's General Order # 1 . On the whole , it does a lot more good than harm . Captain , it occurs to me that we know little about the Sikarians . We cannot assume that their first refusal is unalterable . It may be that " no " is simply a prelude to negotiation . He 's right . Maybe they can be reasoned with . Maybe they want something . Maybe they 'll bargain . But what do we have to offer ? They seem to have everything they need . Stories . Stories are an important part of their culture . They seem to provide more than entertainment . They 're kind of a measuring rod of values and beliefs . We have a huge library in our data banks . We could offer them the whole thing . All the great literature of dozens of cultures . What do you think , Captain ? Would they be interested ? They just might be . From what we 've seen of them , they 're a remarkably pleasure-oriented people . They might appreciate a gift of literature . I 'll arrange to meet with Gath . As magistrate , he has the authority to make this decision . In the meantime , I 'm going to take a look at that trajector platform . Maybe I can figure out how it works . You 'll do nothing of the sort , Lieutenant . If I find this law is negotiable , I 'll make every attempt to get the technology , but until then , we won 't do anything that might violate their Canon of Laws as we understand it . That 's all . What 's wrong ? I just hope she gets it . She will . Mmm . Exquisite . And what did you say you call it ? Pecan pie . I must have the recipe . I 'd be happy to share it with you . Gath ... I want you to know I understand your reluctance to share your technology with us . We have similar restrictions . But I wondered , would it make any difference if I gave you my word that we would destroy the trajector matrix as soon as we 'd used it ? I know this will upset you , but I can 't . I understand , and frankly , I suspected as much , but I have a proposal which might allow you to obey your laws and still give us what we want . Surely you could use the trajector to send us . 40,000 light-years would mean a great deal to us , and in return , we 're prepared to offer you something you might enjoy . Oh ! A full library of the Federation 's finest literature . Literature ? Centuries of stories . New stories from diverse cultures . Stories that fire the imagination . You certainly know how to tempt me , Captain . It 's certainly possible . I 'll have to meet with the other magistrates to discuss it . No one has ever made a request like that . In the meantime , I 'd like to enjoy every bite of , uh , this ... how did you call it ? Pecan pie . I finished the maintenance check on the shock attenuation cylinders . They 'll have to be replaced in another 2,000 hours , but we 'll face that problem when we come to it . Seska . Sorry . I wasn 't concentrating . What did you say ? You looked a million light-years away . No . Only about 70,000 . My brother 's birthday is in four days . Last year , I promised I 'd meet him on Nivoch to celebrate with him . He 'll think I broke my promise . That I 'm dead . What are you doing ? I 've been thinking . The folding of space should leave a subspace residue . If we can detect one , we might be a step closer to knowing how the trajector works . Look at that neutrino dispersion pattern . Could that be the result of space folding ? Maybe. lf the device creates a neutrino bubble around whatever 's being trajected . If that 's the case , we 'd need a bubble big enough for the ship . Don 't worry , Lieutenant . I 'm with you on this one . After all , it doesn 't hurt to theorize . Right , and hypothetically , if we could modify the deflector array to emit phased neutrinos , we could create a big enough bubble . Let 's give it a try . In theory , of course . I don 't understand . Why is it so important I come here now ? You 'll see in a minute . We 're here . Good evening , Ensign . Thank you for coming . What 's this about ? I asked Eudana to invite you here because I was sure you would respond to her and because it would look perfectly natural . I am prepared to accept your collection of literature in exchange for our trajector technology . Is that something you 're authorized to do ? Officially , no , but many people believe that rules should be flexible enough to meet the needs of the moment . There is a great desire here for new stories , and I want to be the one to supply them . So you 'd stand to benefit from this arrangement , right ? We would both benefit . I would gain prestige , and you would gain 40,000 light-years in yourjourney home , possibly more . This is it , Ensign- - the matrix of the trajector . Captain Janeway has asked the magistrate to send us 40,000 light-years . He won 't . He never had any intention of helping you leave here . Jaret is right . I know how much it means to you to get home . Please , listen to him . You must believe me when I tell you this is the only way you will make thatjourney . Consider my offer . I 'm sure you will decide it is a fair one . I don 't know what to do . I know we 'd all like to get that much closer to home , but I don 't think Captain Janeway is going to go for getting the technology like that . Maybe she will . After all , it 's a Sikarian who 's making the offer . But it 's not aboveboard . The Captain is only going to deal with an official representative . Bridge to Ensign Kim . The Captain can see you now . Just tell her everything you know . Let her take it from there . Right . I 'll walk you partway . I 'm headed for bed . Somehow ... I have a bad feeling about this . It 'sjust not going to work out . Don 't you think that 's up to us ? What does that mean ? It means that we can sit here and let someone make the decision for us , or we can take matters into our own hands . We 've been offered the grand prize . All we have to do is step up and claim it . Take the technology ? Without permission ? Since when do you talk like that ? Do you think permission is more important than getting us halfway home ? The Captain is so infatuated with the Sikarian magistrate , she can 't think straight . We can 't trust that she 's going to make the best decision for all of us . If we do this , we 'll need to use Engineering to configure the matrix . It will be a lot easier if we knew we could count on you . Seska , I am a senior officer now . I have responsibilities . And the main responsibility for everyone on this ship is to try to find a way home . Captain Janeway made that clear from the beginning . That 's our primary mission . Just think about it . That 's all . Did Jaret explain what he meant when he said Gath had no intention of helping us leave ? No . Hejust made it clear that our only choice was to get the trajector technology from him . He may simply want us to believe that so we would deal with him . Possibly ... but somehow , I suspect he 's right . Thank you for coming to me with this , Ensign . It may muddy the situation somewhat , but it helps me force the issue . Dismissed . Good night , Captain . Lieutenant . Oh , Tuvok , what do I do now ? You would seem to have two options- - continue to negotiate with a man who may have a hidden agenda , or deal with a man who is willing to defy his own laws . Not very pretty choices . At least if you deal with Jaret , it is his law that is being compromised , not ours . But does that matter ? I told the crew when we started thisjourney that we 'd be a Starfleet crew , behaving as Starfleet would expect us to . That means there 's a certain standard I have to uphold . Principles , principles . That 's what it comes down to . Do I compromise my almighty principles ? But how do I not compromise them if it involves a chance to get the crew more than halfway home ? How do I tell them ... my principles are so important I would deny them that opportunity ? I believe the first thing you must do is determine whether or not Gath is willing to use the trajector to help us . If that possibility exists at all , you must explore it . You 're right . Thank you , Tuvok . Have you spoken with the other magistrates about using the trajector ? Actually , I haven 't . Some of them are traveling now , but I assure you I will do it . Oh , I 've already seen all those . It 's becoming a matter of some urgency . Oh . Why ? We 've imposed on you for long enough . Not true . We welcome you for as long as you can stay , and I hope that 's a very long time indeed . My crew is eager to continue ourjourney . Once they realized the trajector might bring us 40,000 light-years closer to home ... Why are you so consumed with this desire to get home ? I find it difficult to understand . Home ... is home . It 's where we belong . Couldn 't you create a new home here with us ? Can you imagine a more delightful place to live where you could pass your time extracting pleasure from every moment ? I promise you , you and I have many such moments to explore . Yes , but for how long ? I 've seen how quickly you get tired of your pleasures . All that interests you is what 's new and unexplored . After a day or two , it becomes commonplace . Yes ... We prefer permanence ... the reward of relationships that endure and grow deeper with the passing of time . You would lose those notions if you stayed with us . You may be right , and that 's why we have to leave . We have offered you nothing but hospitality . Is this how you repay us , with an attack on our beliefs ? I 'm sorry . I wasjust trying to illustrate the differences between us . I don 't enjoy being judged like this . It 's very upsetting , not at all pleasurable . That 's all you really care about , isn 't it ? Your pleasure . All your hospitality , your graciousness- - it was never about giving us pleasure . It 's all been to gratify yourselves . We 're nothing more than the latest novelty . You 're hostile and vicious . You would infect thejoyousness of our lives . You must leave immediately . You never had any intention of helping us , did you ? Of course I did . I did everything in my power to persuade you to stay here . Janeway to Voyager . One to beam up . Cancel all shore leave and recall the away teams . We 've been asked to leave . Aye , Captain . I assume that means Gath will not be assisting us . I don 't think he ever had any intention of helping us . Hejust ... strung us along . Are you considering Jaret 's offer ? Oh , I wish I could ... but I can 't . Captain , it 'll take hours to get everyone up . We 've got crew members scattered throughout both hemispheres . Get them back as quickly as you can , Commander . I think we 've overextended our stay here . I 'll be in my ready room . I 've downloaded the Federation library . It all on these chips . We know the man to contact . He wants the library , and he doesn 't care who gives it to him . We 're under orders ... B 'Elanna , right now , our people are still fighting Cardassians , dying for our cause . Settlers in the Demilitarized Zone are still under attack . We made a promise , B 'Elanna , that we 'd all stick together until the Zone was safe , and I intend to keep that promise . I have a wife and two little boys . I don 't want them to grow up without a father . I 'd do anything to prevent that . We 're not the only ones . Everyone wants to get back . They 'rejust waiting for someone to act . I 've been working on the theory that the trajector operates within a neutrino envelope . If that 's true , I think we can use it as many times as we need until we 're all the way home . Just think- - by tomorrow , we could be there . All right . Let 's do it . With shore leave canceled , are we able to get to the surface undetected ? We 'll have to override the security lockout , but that shouldn 't be a problem . It 's not accepting my security code . Reinitialize the lockout buffers . I did . It 's not working . Someone 's altered the security subroutine . Why would anyone do that ? Never mind . Beam me down . Are you crazy ? ! Security will find you out before you get there . I altered the security subroutines . Any attempt to override the lockout would have alerted me to your presence here . Is this Voyager 's library which you intended to trade for the trajector technology ? Yes . When I attempted to download it , I noticed it had already been accessed . You were going to download it ? I will make the exchange with Jaret Otel . Return to your stations . Do what you can to prepare the ship for the matrix . Energize . Mr. Tuvok is on the surface now , Captain . He says the remaining away teams should be on board within 15 minutes . Are all the food supplies secured ? Aye , Captain . As soon as the last of the crew gets back , we 'll be ready to leave . Bridge to Engineering . Torres here . We 'll be leaving orbit within minutes . Ready all propulsion systems . We 're ready now , Captain . Where 's Tuvok ? He 'll be here . We certainly won 't leave without him . Well , what 's keeping him ? Calm down . You 're going to draw attention to yourself . Do not attempt to activate the device until I 've spoken to Captain Janeway . What are you doing ? He said not to activate it . I 'm not . I 'mjust going to try the interface simulation . We don 't even know if it will interface . We can give ourselves a head start by testing it now . All right . Butjust a simulation . It 's working . I was right . It operates within a neutrino envelope . The trajector field is bigger than anything we 've created by ten orders of magnitude . To get a field that size , you 'd need an amplifier as big as a planet . I don 't understand . How do they get that kind of amplification ? I 'll show you . Sikaris has a mantle of tetrahedral quartz 20 kilometers thick . The crystalline structure of the mantle serves to focus and amplify the trajector field . If that 's how the power transfer occurs , then once we leave orbit , we lose the ability to traject . We don 't have time to test it . We 'll have to try it now or forget it . - Do it . - lf there are - any compatibility problems ... - Then we can abort . This is our only chance . Bridge to Engineering . Torres here . We 're ready to leave orbit . Thrusters on line . Aye , Captain . We have to do something . Mr. Paris , take us out of orbit . 4,000 kph . Aye , Captain . There 's no response . Thrusters are off line . Janeway to Engineering . What 's going on , Lieutenant ? We 've got a phase variance in plasma conduit 3 . I 'll have to check it out before we can engage thrusters . When did this problem show up ? Just now , Captain . It 's only a slight variance . I 'll have it fixed in a minute . Keep me advised . All right . The matrix is activating . The trajector field is forming . And it 's amplifying . Look how fast it 's expanding . That 's the effect of the quartz mantle . We 're nearly at full field strength . This is going to work . What is it ? The plasma manifold is becoming unstable . I can compensate for that . The manifold is being bombarded by anti-neutrinos from the trajector field . Anti-neutrinos ? The must be the catalyst for the space folding process . It 's not working . I can 't compensate for the instability . There 's no way to compensate for a field that size . Captain , I 'm showing an unstable plasma manifold . We 're headed for a breach . Bridge to Torres . What 's happening ? We 're reading a warp core breach up here . We 're on it , Captain . No time to talk . Shut down the matrix ! I can 't ! It 's not responding ! It 's fused ! Plasma temperature at 43 million Kelvin ! Carey , get everybody out ! All right , people , let 's go ! Right now ! Move it out ! Move out ! Come on ! Let 's go ! Right now ! Let 's go , come on ! Move it out ! Fast ! Right now ! Keep moving ! I can 't unlock it . The command matrix is sealed . Plasma temperature at 50 million Kelvin ! Anti-neutrino bombardment has stopped . Plasma temperature dropping . We didn 't anticipate anti-neutrinos . The trajector could never be compatible with Federation technology . I 'll start erasing the sensor logs . We can blame it on the phase discrepancy . No . We 're not going to cover this up . Are you crazy ? We don 't have to take the blame for this . But we 're going to . We disobeyed orders , gambling it would pay off . It didn 't . And now wejust can 't pretend like nothing happened . I don 't understand . There 's no need for this . I 'm sorry if you don 't get it , Seska , but it has something to do with , um ... with being able to live with yourself . That doesn 't sound like you . You 've changed . If that 's true ... I take it as a compliment . I take full responsibility for what happened . There were others involved , but I was the senior officer , and the culpability is mine . Lieutenant Torres is not precisely correct , Captain . She was not the senior officer involved . I was . You ? It was I who made the exchange- - the Federation library for the trajector matrix . I will deal with you in a moment . I don 't have the luxury of throwing you in the brig for the rest of this voyage . I need you . I need every person on this ship . But I want you to know how very deeply you have disappointed me . If there are any further transgressions , even a minor one ... you will no longer be an officer on this crew . Is that clear ? Yes , ma 'am . Dismissed . I don 't even know where to start . I want you to explain to me how you , of all people , could be involved in this . It is quite simple , Captain . You have made it clear on many occasions that your highest goal for the crew is to get them home . But in this instance , your standards would not allow you to violate Sikarian law . Someone had to spare you the ethical dilemma . I was the logical choice , and so I chose to act . You did it for me ... because you knew I couldn 't . I accept the consequences of my actions . I expect to lose my commission and to be court-martialed when we return to Federation space . You are one of my most valued officers ... and you are my friend . It is vital that you understand me here . I need you . But I also need to know that I can count on you . You are my counsel- - the one I turn to when I need my moral compass checked . We have forged this relationship for years , and I depend on it . I realize you made a sacrifice for me ... but it 's not one I would have allowed you to make . You can use logic tojustify almost anything . That 's its power ... and its flaw . From now on ... bring your logic to me . Don 't act on it behind my back . You have my word . My logic was not in error ... but I was . Dismissed .
