 Commander ! Look at this . I think they 're some kind of apple . Hmm . There are trees filled with them as far as the eye can see , just over that ridge . Kaylos . Ah . Aren 't they gorgeous ? One bite 'll kill you . Puff you up like a vakol fish . Yeah , first your windpipe swells ... and just when you think you 're going to die of suffocation ... Ow ! Oh , you get a sharp pain in your knees , which begins to work its way right up to ... I think we get the picture . Sorry , Mr. Carey . Just remember the old trader 's axiom : Neverjudge a fruit by its skin . On the other hand , huh , take a bite . What is it ? A leola root . You expect us to eat this ? This is the reason I brought you here , Commander . There 's no better source of vitamins and minerals in the Quadrant than in this , this ugly little root . I 'd find the second-best source acceptable if it tasted better . You humans ! You 're not used to roughing it , are you ? Well , take it from one who knows . The day may come when you 'll relish every last crunch of leola . Stewed for a few hours in a light herbal broth , ah , you won 't even notice the mildew . Captain , I don 't think we 're alone . Mr. Tuvok , run a lateral EM scan for me , coordinates 81 mark 40 . Running scan . What do you see , Mr. Paris ? It 's like a reflection . Something in low orbit . When it moves into a certain angle from the sun ... He 's correct . I am picking up an ionization trail . There is another ship in orbit . Using some kind of cloaking device ? It 's not a cloaking device as we know it , Captain . I cannot say for certain what it is , but the ship does employ some kind of masking circuitry that has affected our sensors . Voyagerto away team . Go ahead , Captain . Any unexpected life signs down there , Commander ? Nothing but bloodworms . Neelix wants to bring some back for a tartar he wants to make . I 'm trying to talk him out of it . We 're picking up an unidentified ship in low orbit . Collect your teams , and prepare to transport back while we investigate . Acknowledged . Chakotay out . All units , report to transport site A immediately . Captain , I believe a polaron burst may give us visual contact . Do it . Kazon . The hull design does conform to known specifications of the Kazon-Nistrim sect . Voyagerto away teams . Return to the ship immediately . Acknowledged , Captain . Transporter Room , get ready to begin on my command . Where is Ensign Seska ? Chakotay to Seska . Transporter Room , can you locate Ensign Seska 's combadge signal ? Negative , Commander . I 'm not reading any sign of her . She was picking berries with our group , over by the hillside . There were caves nearby . If she went inside one , it might be blocking her combadge signal . The rest of you get back to the ship . I 'm going to look for her . Oh , thank the Prophets ! What are you doing here ? Mushrooms . I saw them growing by the mouth of the cave . I wanted to teach Neelix how to make your favorite soup . I appreciate the thought , but we 've got to get out of here . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48658.2 . We successfully left orbit without further interference from the Kazon . Commander Chakotay was injured but is recovering from his wounds . Come in . I didn 't think I 'd make it . Feeling better ? Yeah . What have you got there ? Real food . You got Neelix to make some mushroom soup . Are you kidding ? The man wanted to stretch the mushrooms with just a little ... - leola root . - Leola root . We got into this tug of war with the bag of mushrooms in the middle . It was the most ludicrous thing you 've ever seen . Tuvok and Kes broke us up , and then Neelix threw me out of his kitchen . So , how did you ... ? Mm , strictly a Maquis operation . Hmm ! First , we arranged for a little morale crisis . A couple of our people suddenly came down with severe homesickness . Neelix , our devoted morale officer , responded to the call and came in to cheer them up , and while they were all singing Rakan folk songs , Jackson and I broke into the kitchen . You looted the food reserves ? Well , if he 's not going to give us a decent meal ... I can 't believe you did this . Well , it 's not like we 're hiding anything . I did bring soup straight to the First Officer , didn 't I ? Thanks for including me in a criminal conspiracy . Does he know about this yet ? Well , the morale crisis ended a few minutes ago , so I 'd say ... Neelix to Chakotay . ... that he probably does . Go ahead , Neelix . I 'd like to report a crime . Someone has broken into my kitchen and stolen food- - taken food out of the mouths of their crewmates . I know . It was that Seska , wasn 't it ? I promise you everyone involved will be disciplined . If you 'd like my recommendations for punishment ... Thank you . I 'll handle that . Chakotay out . Replicator privileges revoked for two days . Everyone , including me . They 're not going to do it . Then I 'll personally put them in the brig . You 'd put me in the brig ? After all we 've been through ? The soup was worth losing the replicator privileges for two days- - admit it . That 's not the point . I get the point . Can we make up now ? Who else knows how to make your favorite soup like I do ? No one ... but we agreed a long time ago , this wouldn 't work . Look around , Chakotay . There aren 't that many potential mates out here . Of course , if you 're not interested ... I have had my eye on young Ensign Kim . Janeway to all senior officers . Please report to the Bridge . We require help ... immediately ! Anyone who can hear this message , please help ! Long-range scanners picked up the distress signal three minutes ago . The ship 's dimensions are identical to the vessel we encountered at the planet . It is a Kazon-Nistrim ship , Captain . Captain , this may be a trap . The Kazon-Nistrim is one of the most violent sects in the entire Kazon Collective . We need immediate assistance ! We have lost all Bridge operations . Barely able to function . Please ... assist ! Mr. Kim , can you determine if this ship has sustained genuine damage ? There are fluctuating nucleonic patterns . It might indicate a reactor breakdown on board . Mr. Paris , run an extended scanner sequence to identify any other Kazon ships that might be in the area . Nothing showing up , Captain . Maintain scans and set a heading to intercept . New heading entered . I take your warning seriously , Neelix , and will act with caution , but if we can help , we should . Besides , this may be an opportunity to make a friend , and out here , we can use all the friends we can get . What could do something like this ? I 'm showing high levels of nucleonic radiation . It seems to be isolated in that area . It is likely that the ship 's automatic containment systems were activated when the radiation entered the Bridge . We should be safe as long as we stay on this side of the force field . Someone 's alive over here . Away team to Voyager . We 've got a single male Kazon alive on the Bridge . Transport him directly to Sick Bay . Energizing . It appears the explosion emanated from this console . Something look a little odd about it to you ? The structural pattern does not conform to the rest of the Bridge . No , there 's something else strange about it . The residue has a .41 percent trace of a neosorium composite , and I don 't know anyone who uses neosorium technology , except for the Federation . So how did it get into the hands of the Kazon ? Incredible . Somehow , virtually every cell in his body has been altered . Altered ? His cells have mutated , or they 've been fused with inorganic matter . I can 't make heads or tails of it . Look at this . His blood cells have bonded with metallic nuclei . The crew members closest to the explosion were virtually melded with huge pieces of metal fragments . He was luckier than the others . That remains to be seen . I 'm going to have to do a complete pyrocyte replacement if we 're going to keep him alive . We 'd better hope there are compatible donors on board . I 'll run a cytological screening of the crew . We 'll let you know the results as soon as we can . Captain , there was an apparent Federation signature to the explosion . What ? It looked like they were trying to install some new technology that detonated . You 're saying they have some kind of Federation weapon on board ? A console on the Bridge was the source of the explosion . We 're not sure what its function was , and it 's going to be hard to get to . We can 't transport it out ? Not with those levels of nucleonic radiation . The transporter beam would disperse the moment it hit the irradiated cabin . How could they possibly have Federation technology ? There are only three alternatives I can discern at this time . One : It is not Federation technology at all but something similar . Bridge . Two : Another Federation starship may have been brought to the Delta Quadrant prior to our arrival , and they interacted with the Kazon-Nistrim . Were there any other reports of missing starships ? Not to my knowledge . Three : Someone from this ship has covertly given technology to the Kazon . Computer , hold turbolift . I don 't like number three at all , Tuvok . Nevertheless , it is the most probable explanation . It may not be a coincidence that the Kazon ship we encountered at the planet was able to deceive our sensors . Perhaps someone transmitted instructions to them before we arrived . I want you to personally go through the transmission logs , Tuvok . Compare them to the actual telemetry . See if there 's any evidence of prior contact with the Kazon . Who would have had a chance to meet with them while you were on the surface ? A dozen people . We were scattered all over the area . You did discover Ensign Seska in proximity to them . Seska almost killed me because she thought I was Kazon . She wouldn 't do something like this . Nevertheless , I urge you to regard her with caution for the time being . Why would anyone on this ship betray us ? We 're all in this together . We need to retrieve that console and get some answers before the rumors get out of hand . Computer , resume . Releasing the force field isn 't an option . That would just allow the radiation into the whole cabin . We could generate a localized subspace bubble to get past the force field . One minor subspace disruption and you 're dead . It 's too risky . I 'd be willing to risk it . We could use an expander to manipulate the containment field . Manipulate it how ? Move it out of the way . Rotate the field , and the radiation trapped inside it away from the console . Once it 's clear , we have access . How long will it take to set this up ? We , uh , we should be able to make an attempt by tomorrow . I want it ready by the end of the day . No , Captain . When I say tomorrow , I mean tomorrow . I don 't exaggerate . Tomorrow is the best I can do . Understood , Lieutenant . All right ... we 'll begin on the Kazon Bridge . Carey , Nicoletti , Seska . No . I want Ensign Seska to coordinate the operation from our Bridge . Okay , Henard , you 're with us . Dismissed . What was that all about ? What ? Oh , you know what I 'm talking about . There 's nothing important to do on the Bridge . I disagree . We need someone up there ... What the hell is going on ? There 's some concern about you . What kind of concern ? Concern because I found you near the Kazon on the planet . Oh , I see . So now I 'm a traitor . I sell technology to the enemy ? - I don 't believe that . - No , you just take me off my assignment . I 'm trying to take you out of harm 's way to protect you . This is your idea of protection ? You might as well point a finger at me in front of the entire crew . You don 't assign someone you don 't trust to the Bridge . Look , I 'm sorry , but if something goes wrong over there , I don 't want you anywhere near it . Thanks for your concern . How is he ? Not very good . We need to completely replace his blood . Will he regain consciousness ? I 'm not sure . Even if he does , there 's no way to predict what kind of brain damage there might be . He 's the only one who really knows what happened on that ship , Doctor . The only one who can tell them I had nothing to do with it . You ? I don 't understand . Would you call me right away if he wakes up ? All right . Ensign ... did you ever come in to leave a blood sample on file ? No . I never got around to it . Why ? I 've been running a crew compatibility analysis , and your file never came up . My blood won 't help you . I had a childhood disease that infected it . I was warned never to donate blood for a transfusion . All the more reason we should have your blood on file . I will . Right now , I have something more important to take care of . Someone did make an unauthorized transmission . And whoever it was was an expert at covering their tracks . The signal was masked by a test of the dorsal emitters that we conducted a week ago . Who was working on that test ? Only the whole Engineering crew . We 're trying to trace the station where the signal originated . Again , the perpetrator was skilled enough to make the tracking process extremely difficult for us . It 's like working backwards through a maze of circuits . We keep bumping into dead ends . Paris to Captain Janeway . Please report to the Bridge . Captain , another Kazon ship is approaching , trying to hail the disabled ship . They 're not within visual range yet . Perhaps someone else picked up the distress call . What 's their ETA ? At their current speed , four hours , 20 minutes . Should I tell them we 're here ? If we know about them , it 's a good bet they know about us . We don 't have anything good to tell them . I think we 'll wait . Captain , I 'm showing an unauthorized autosequence in Transporter Room 2 . Someone 's left Voyager . Computer , identify whojust beamed off the ship from Transporter Room 2 . Ensign Seska . Chakotay to Seska . I really don 't have time to talk to you right now , Chakotay . What the hell do you think you 're doing ? Retrieving the console , my way . I want you back on this ship , and I mean now . The Captain said she wanted the console today . Carey 's plan couldn 't do it in time , but mine can . Captain , it is conceivable that she has gone to the Kazon ship to destroy evidence that might implicate her . She 's gone back to the Kazon ship to prove herself to us . Can 't you see that ? I 've got a lock on her , Captain . Do you want me to transport her back ? If we try to beam her out while she 's manipulating subspace , we might kill her . Chakotay to Seska . Seska , respond . Get her out of there ! Send her to Sick Bay . Energizing . Prep 3cc 's kelotane . I 'll need a dermal regenerator . Run a full blood scan . Have a seat , Mr. Carey . How have things been going for you in Engineering ? Fine . Why , is there a problem ? You getting along all right with Lieutenant Torres ? I think we 've settled our differences . She was promoted to Chief Engineer over you , Lieutenant . That might be difficult for someone in your position to accept . Captain , I accepted your decision , and I 've worked as hard as I can to make myself a valuable member of Lieutenant Torres ' team . I can 't believe she 'd have any complaints about my performance . She doesn 't . Then what am I doing here ? Lieutenant , have you had any contact with the Kazon-Nistrim since we arrived in the Delta Quadrant ? What ? ! Y-You mean , me personally ? No . Of course not . You were out of contact for almost an hour on the planet where we encountered the Kazon . You mean , when I was picking those poison apples ? What about before we arrived at the planet ? Did you have any reason to signal a Kazon-Nistrim ship ? - No . - Nevertheless , a signal was sent to the Kazon from your station in Engineering during our dorsal emitter test last week . My station ? Were you not in Engineering at that time ? Well , yes , I was , but ... you know how it is down there during a systems analysis . Did you see anyone else at your station ? Honestly , I don 't remember . Maybe you should ask Seska . Why Seska ? Everybody knows she was found in the cave with the Kazon . Look , I 'm not saying she did anything wrong , but I didn 't either . I 'd like to believe you , Mr. Carey , but somebody did contact the Kazon , and until we know who , I 'm going to have to restrict you to quarters . What do you think ? He had the motive and the opportunity . He 's also had a distinguished Starfleet career . Seska spent most of the last two years as an enemy of the Federation . So have I. Captain , we 're being hailed by the approaching Kazon ship . How soon will they be here ? Four minutes . I wish we had something more definitive to tell them . Open a channel . I am Kathryn Janeway , Captain of the Federation Starship Voyager . My name is Culluh , First Maje of the Kazon-Nistrim . What have you done to our ship ? We responded to a call for help . Unfortunately , by the time we were able to respond , all but one of the crew were dead . I would like to speak to the survivor . He hasn 't regained consciousness . We have him in our Sick Bay . We 'd be happy to beam you aboard so you can see him . You will prepare for my arrival . Friendly sort . Ah , Captain , I 'm glad you 're here . I wasjust about to call you . Doctor , this is First Maje Culluh , of the Kazon-Nistrim . Could you give us the latest condition report on your Kazon patient ? Well , the good news is , we 've been able to stabilize him . We had to completely replace his blood . Replace his blood ? With what ? The blood of volunteers from our crew . They saved his life . His own blood cells were killing him . They were changed by the accident on his ship . Changed in what manner ? We haven 't been able to determine that yet . We 've been working on a plan to access the source of the explosion , which should answer a lot of the questions . That will no longer be necessary . We will take the damaged vessel to our port for inspection . I 'm afraid I can 't allow you to do thatjust yet . And what gives you the right to interfere in our affairs ? There was a trace of a Federation compound in the remains of the explosion . We have reason to believe that someone on board this ship gave technology to your people . Until we have a better explanation of what occurred , I can 't release that ship to you . That is not acceptable . It will have to be . Your unique technologies make you brave , Captain , but you have only one ship . In less than a day , there will be four Kazon vessels off your bow . Perhaps by then , we 'll have the answers we need . You will leave us with him . I assume they 'll want to take him back to their ship . I 'd rather not let them do itjust yet- - in case he regains consciousness . There are a lot of questions he can answer . Can I tell them it 's not safe to move him ? It would be the truth . Good . He 's dead . Get off this ship . There was some kind of nerve toxin in that needle . He died instantly . Captain , may we talk to you in my office ? It 's about Seska . Complications ? I was analyzing her blood chemistry to try to locate a compatible donor . But when I got the results , her blood was lacking all the common Bajoran blood factors . Meaning ? The only conclusion we can reach is that she is not , in fact , Bajoran . It appears Seska has been genetically altered . My suspicion is she was born Cardassian . You 're asking me to believe she 's a Cardassian agent who infiltrated the Maquis ? Starfleet Security has documented several incidents in which Cardassians have used cosmetic alterations for the purpose of infiltrating an enemy . This is crazy . This isjust impossible . The Doctor has informed us that there is no other plausible explanation for the medical anomalies , Commander . If you don 't mind , I 'd like to hear her explanation before we dismiss it . - Has she been told ? - No . I 'd like to be the one who questions her . I suggest we wait until we retrieve the console . Janeway to Torres . Yes , Captain . Your status . We are finished with the computer simulations . Everything looks okay . We 're ready to beam over . Good . Then let 's get started . Janeway out . You were working for her ; Seska was working for them . Was anyone on board that ship working for me ? The Kazon ship is hailing us . Open a channel . On screen . Our sensors show that you are trespassing on our vessel . As I 've already informed you , we 're attempting to retrieve the console that caused this explosion . If you attempt to remove anything from our ship , it will be considered an act of war . You know , I 'm really easy to get along with most of the time ... but I don 't like bullies , and I don 't like threats , and I don 't like you , Culluh . You can try and stop us from getting to the truth , but I promise you , if you do , I will respond with all the " unique " technologies at my command . Janeway out . Their weapons systems are standing down . They do not appear to be posing a threat to us at this time . At least not until reinforcements get here . Janeway to away team . Yes , Captain ? I don 't want to rush you , Lieutenant , but ... We 're finished , Captain . I beg your pardon ? Decontamination went exactly as planned . The console has been transported to Engineering , and we 're on our way back now . Acknowledged . Well done , away team . We 'll meet you in Engineering . Of all the things to die for . It 's a food replicator ... or at least it was trying to be . We may take replicators for granted , but imagine what it would mean to a culture that doesn 't have this technology . They didn 't use a thick enough interior shield casing . Once the nucleonic radiation leaked out , a cascade reaction was inevitable . Can you tell if any part of the console came from our ship ? There 's no doubt about it , Captain . The pattern buffer relays are clearly composed of bio-neural fibers . No other Federation ship would have them . Somebody on board Voyager gave them what they needed . I guess they just didn 't know what to do with it . I want a complete report on everything we 've found , so I can share it with our Kazon friends . We 've recovered the console . It 's a replicator , constructed with materials from Voyager . I suppose now everyone thinks I went over there to destroy the evidence . Did you ? I was only trying to show everyone- - show you ... You really think I had something to do with this , don 't you ? To be honest , I 'm not sure anymore . I 'm not sure of a lot of things . Then why don 't you go talk to your animal guide and figure it all out ? I plan to . Good . Get back to me when you do . You know , it 's funny ... I 've been thinking about what 's been real and what 's not been real . What is this about ? What 's wrong with you ? Talk to me , Chakotay . You owe me that much . What would you say I owed to a Cardassian who infiltrated my crew ? What are you talking about ? lsn 't that why you never got around to a blood analysis when we came on board ? I didn 't get around to it because I didn 't get around to it . Turns out your blood is missing all the common Bajoran blood factors . It 's a side effect of Orkett 's disease . Ask your doctor . Orkett 's disease ? A childhood virus that swept through the Bajoran work camps during the Occupation . Thousands of children didn 't survive . I did , thanks to a bone marrow transplant from a sympathetic Cardassian woman . Her name was Kattell . When we get home , you can ask her yourself . You must think I 'm horrible . Do you think I gave you my ... my heart to get your Maquis secrets ? I was starting to wonder . Let me tell you something ... your secrets weren 't good enough . They wouldn 't have been worth the trouble for a Cardassian agent . I had only one agenda with you , Chakotay , and I never kept it secret . So , you believe in me again ? I want to . Good , because I want to go back to work . Let 's not rush things . No , I 'm going stir-crazy in here . You 're going to have to stay confined , at least until we find out exactly where the replicator components were taken from . Well , what 'll that tell you ? There might be evidence of who took them . Oh , you don 't think whoever did this is foolish enough to log in using their own name ? Chief Inspector Tuvok leaves no stone unturned . I 'll tell the Captain what you told me . Somehow , we 'll try to clear this up soon . She said a Cardassian bone marrow transplant saved her life as a child . Did you set our plan in motion ? I gave Lieutenant Carey the same information . Now all we can do is wait and hope someone takes the bait . Gin . I never knew Vulcans had such a talent for cards . It is simply a matter of logical discards , which give a false impression of my own requirements and deny the needed cards to your hand . I believe that 's 94 points to me . If you ever need a sponsor in a gin tournament , let me know . We 're picking up two more Kazon warships , about six hours away . We 're not going to be able to stay here much ... That sounds like a nibble to me . Someone is accessing the inventory database . And they 're going straight to the missing replicator materials . Should we start the trace now ? Negative . It might alert them . They 're entering data . lntriguing . It appears as though they 're trying to place evidence at the scene of the crime to indicate the guilty party . They 're entering an encrypted security code into the materials requisition file . Which would suggest they 're hiding it , but not very well . Anybody know whose security code that belongs to ? I do . It 's Seska 's . Then it has to be Carey . Carey is trying to point the finger at Seska . Chakotay ... is anything wrong ? It 's over . We know who gave the technology to the Kazon . Who ? You did . Look , I don 't know what evidence you think you 've found , but ... We found the evidence you put there for us to find- - your own security code . I have no idea what you 're talking about . We already knew where the stolen materials had been taken from before I met with you . We were monitoring the inventory manifest , hoping either you or Carey would try to cover your tracks . Hell of a way for me to cover my tracks- - putting in my own security code for you to find ? That 's exactly what you did . You knew no one would believe you could be that careless . You wanted us to believe that someone else was trying to frame you . Ever consider that maybe someone was ? We traced the computer station used to enter the data . Oh , you took us all around the system and back again before we could locate the source , but it was this station in Sick Bay . I 'd almost say it was a Maquis operation , if I didn 't already know you were a Cardassian . Computer , activate Emergency Holographic Medical Program . Ah . Have I been called to testify ? Before you even mentioned Orkett 's disease to me , the doctor had already discounted that as a possible explanation for your blood anomalies . And may I say a doctor less informed about Bajoran medicine might have been fooled , but my program includes the complete Bajoran medical text on Orkett 's disease . There 's no way any childhood virus or Cardassian bone marrow transplant can explain away the genetic markers in your blood . You are Cardassian , Ensign . But that didn 't necessarily make you the traitor we were looking for . We needed more evidence , and you gave it to us . The one thing I still can 't understand is ... why ? I did it for you . I did it for this crew . We are alone here , at the mercy of any number of hostile aliens because of the incomprehensible decision of a Federation Captain . A Federation Captain who destroyed our only chance to get home . Federation rules , Federation nobility , Federation compassion ? Do you understand ? If this had been a Cardassian ship , we would be home now . We must begin to forge alliances . To survive , we must have powerful friends . The Kazon-Nistrim were willing to be our protectors in return for some minor technology . Minor technology that could change the balance of power in this Quadrant . Change it in our favor . That is all that matters at this point- - building a base of power in this Quadrant . You are a fool , Captain . And you 're a fool to follow her . I can 't imagine how I ever loved you . Computer , Command XJL . Computer , override transport in progress . Unable to comply . Security lockout is in place . Computer , identify destination of transport . A Kazon vessel , 14 kilometers off the port bow . Bridge to Janeway . - Go ahead . - The Kazon ship is powering up its engines . It looks like they 're getting ready to go to warp . Ready a tractor beam . I 've also got two Kazon warships on an intercept course less than ten minutes away . Captain , even with our superior defense capabilities , we cannot prevail against three Kazon warships . Awaiting your instructions , Captain . Power down the tractor beam . Set a course out of here , Mr. Paris , warp four . Engage when ready . Yes , ma 'am . We 'll have to wait for another day to settle up with Seska . Can I ask you to be honest with me , Lieutenant ? As a Vulcan , I am at all times honest , Commander . That 's not exactly true . You lied to me when you passed yourself off as a Maquis to get on my crew . I was honest to my own convictions within the defined parameters of my mission . You damned Vulcans and your defined parameters . That 's easy for you . On the contrary , the demands on a Vulcan 's character are extraordinarily difficult . Do not mistake composure for ease . How may I be honest with you today ? I 'd just like to know- - from someone else who pulled the wool over my eyes- - was I particularly naive ? Was I not paying enough attention ? What the hell was it that let all you spies get by me ? Like all humans , you depend on feelings and instincts to guide you , and they invariably let you down . But " particularly naive " ? No , Commander , and I 've always considered your attention span to be adequate . Did you ever see anything about Seska that made you suspicious ? No . She quite expertly " pulled the wool " over my eyes , as well . Well ... that makes me feel a little better . Thanks . Curious . What ? That my failure , added to your own , should improve your feelings . Misery loves company , Tuvok .
