 She 's not just out of control , she 's out of her mind ! If you will explain what happened , Lieutenant . She hit me is what happened ! Your nose is broken in three places . I 'll need to reset the ethmoid fossa . Try not to move . We were having a disagreement about the power grid . She wanted to realign the lateral plasma conduit . I told her that would cause an overload . As usual , she wouldn 't listen . So I told her to step aside and let me handle it . She pushed me away from the console . I pushed back . Next thing I knew , I was lying on the deck with blood pouring down my face . Then what happened ? She said , " Sorry . Maybe you should go to Sick Bay . " At least she gave you some good advice . Now ... Ow ! Hold still . Don 't worry , Lieutenant , I 'll take care of this . You keep that woman out of my Engine Room and everything will be fine ! Ow ! Where is Ms. Torres ? I 've confined her to quarters . I would like her moved to the brig until formal charges can be filed . Formal charges ? Come on , Tuvok . We 're 7 5 years away from the nearest court . You 're really going to hold her in the brig for that long ? The Captain has the authority to try Ms. Torres here on the ship , considering the extenuating circumstances . Well , I 'd like to settle this on my own without filing charges and without involving the Captain . She struck a fellow officer- - that is a court-martial offense . She 's a Maquis , and in the Maquis , sometimes you have to push people out of your way to get things done . Ms. Torres is no longer a member of the Maquis and with all due respect , Commander , neither are you . Allowing Ms. Torres to get away with a clear violation of regulations sets a bad example for the rest of the crew . It makes it appear as though you are showing favoritism toward the Maquis . Look , Lieutenant , I don 't have to explain myself to you . I 'll deal with B 'Elanna personally and then I 'll inform the Captain . You 're to drop this matter . That 's an order . I will yield my authority in this case to you . However , I will make a full report in my Security Log . You do that . Sir , we heard what happened . What are they going to do with B 'Elanna ? I don 't know yet , but I 'll handle it . We heard that Captain Janeway is going to put her in the brig for two months . And that all the Maquis are going to be restricted to quarters when they 're not on duty ? Not true . We just want you to know , that if things do get out of hand , we 're ready to back you . What does that mean ? In case you want to take control of the ship , you have our full support . If I ever hear you talk that way again , I 'll personally throw you in the brig for mutiny . Here . What 's this ? The medical report on Lieutenant Carey . Lieutenant Carey is an idiot ! When I tell you ... I don 't want to hear it ! You might be interested to know that the impact fractures along his cranium were pretty severe . If you 'd hit him just a little harder , you could have driven some of those bones into his cerebellum . I didn 't even come close to hitting him that hard . So on the one side , I 'm facing a Vulcan who wants to court-martial you , and on the other , I 'm facing all the Maquis who are ready to seize this ship over this . You 've turned this into one lousy day for me , Torres . So , how long do I have to stay in here ? Rest of the trip- - 7 5 years . I 've never found your twisted sense of humor very funny , Chakotay . Or I could send you back to work with the understanding that you 'll apologize to ... Apologize ? ! He was the one who ... Not just a simple apology , a personal one ... over a hot cup of pejuta . Bond with the man . I am not going to bond with him . You 're going to need support from people like Carey . I don 't need support from anybody . You are if you 're going to be Chief Engineer of this ship . Right . This is not another example of my twisted sense of humor . But Carey 's next in line . You 're a better engineer than he is . What does the Captain have to say about this ? She hasn 't said a word ... because I haven 't told her yet . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48439.7 . As we maintain a course back to the Alpha Quadrant , we 're conducting what would normally be routine maintenance to the ship- - routine , that is , if we had access to a starbase . Engine efficiency is down another 14 percent . If we don 't get more power to the warp drive , we 're all going to have to get out and push . What about alternative energy sources ? Ensign Kim , have you had any luck getting power from the holodeck reactors ? Not yet . We tried hooking them to the power grid and we ended up blowing out half the relays . The holodeck 's energy matrix , it just isn 't compatible with the other power systems . Captain , if we relocate all security personnel to Deck 7 , we can shut down power on Deck 9 and reroute it to propulsion . That would be inconvenient , but acceptable . Fine . Now let 's move on to the personnel situation . We still have ... Sorry we 're late , but I wasn 't informed there was a meeting this morning . Oh , there don 't seem to be enough chairs . Neelix , this is a briefing for the Senior Officers . I see . Well , I ... I am the senior Talaxian on board . Kes is the senior Ocampa . And I do know more about this region of space than any other member of the crew . We have some excellent suggestions , Captain . Very well . You 're welcome to join us , this time . Here you are . To be honest , we could use some excellent suggestions right now . I 've been thinking that you might be able to convert one of your lower decks into a hydroponics bay to grow your own food . I understand that the replicators are down and that the emergency rations won 't hold out much longer . What about Cargo Bay 2 ? It was designed for organic storage and it already has adjustable environmental controls . When can you start ? Me ? It 's your idea . It 's your project . Right away . I can do some wonderful things with vegetables , Captain . My feragoit goulash is known across 12 star systems . Okay . The personnel situation . We 've managed to find a replacement for the Transporter Chief , but we still need an Astrogation Plotter , a Chief Engineer , medical support personnel . I 've made a list of several Maquis crew members who would make good officers . B 'Elanna Torres ? She was the one involved in that incident with Mr. Carey . That 's right . Just what job do you think she 's suited for ? Chief Engineer . You 're serious . Very . Regarding Sick Bay ... we still need a Chief Medical Officer . What about that electronic man down in Sick Bay ? It is an emergency medical hologram and its abilities are limited . It can only operate within the confines of Sick Bay . Not to mention its lousy bedside manner . Perhaps we should assign somebody to train with the hologram as a Field Medic . Good idea . Lieutenant , I understand you studied biochemistry at the Academy ? Uh , only two semesters . Close enough . You just volunteered to become a Field Medic . Report to Sick Bay as soon as we 're finished here . But , Captain ... Stations , everyone . Report ! We 're running into some kind of spatial distortions . Mr. Tuvok ? The distortions are emanating from a highly localized disturbance in the space-time continuum . Distance- - 20,000 kilometers off the port bow . All stop . On screen . Gravimetric flux density is over 2,000 percent . If I 'm not mistaken , we 're looking at a type-4 quantum singularity . Captain , I am receiving an audio transmission ... from within the singularity . On speakers . This is ... ship ... singularity ... I think I 've found the source of the transmission . Does it look like any ship you 're familiar with ? No . Nothing I recognize ... but then it 's , it 's so hard to make out . They may be trapped in the event horizon . Open a channel . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager to the vessel near the quantum singularity . Do you need help ? Event horizon ? A singularity is a star that 's collapsed in on itself . The event horizon is a very powerful energy field surrounding it . Why , once on a particularly dangerous trade mission to the twin stars of Keloda , I myself was almost trapped inside ... No response to our hail , Captain . Can we tractor the vessel out ? No . The subspace interference is too heavy . Captain , we 're less than three light-years from llidaria . They have sophisticated technology . They might be able to help and they 're quite friendly ... most of the time . No. lt looks like it 's being pulled in toward the singularity . We have to get it out of the event horizon . Bridge to Torres . We need a way to get that ship out of there . Any ideas ? I was thinking we could remodulate a tractor beam to match the subspace interference . It might be enough to cut through the event horizon . A subspace tractor beam . Exactly . When can you have it ready ? Two hours , maybe three . Get right on it . Use as many people as you need . Mr. Carey , what do you think ? With the right field modulation , it might work but we 'll need more power to the emitter array . Very well . You 're in charge , Mr. Carey . Report to me when the tractor beam is ready . Aye , Captain . Mr. Paris . Hold our position here . I 'd like to see you in private . We have a problem and I think it 's time we discuss it . Captain , I appreciate your concerns about Torres , but I promise you ... You don 't understand , Commander . This isn 't about Torres . My problem is with you . Me ? Let me be blunt . What you tried to do just now was out of line . In what way ? When you decided to call Torres in Engineering . I 've worked with her . I know what she 's capable of . We needed an answer right away and I knew she could give us one . Carey is the Senior Officer in Engineering . If you look at it that way , none of my people will ever have seniority . That 's the problem , right there . They 're not your people . You 're treating the Maquis on this ship like they 're still your crew . I 'm doing everything I can to integrate them into your crew but frankly , you 're not making it easy for me , Captain . I can 't make it easy , Commander . Surely you can understand that . They don 't have the discipline . They don 't have the training . But some of them , like B 'Elanna Torres have the ability . The Starfleet officers on this ship have worked all their lives to earn their commissions . How am I supposed to ask them to accept a Maquis as their superior officer just because circumstances have forced us together ? You 're asking them to accept me . You 're qualified . You 're a graduate of the Academy and you have Starfleet command experience . Permission to speak freely . Go ahead . I have no intention of being your token Maquis officer . Show me another qualified Maquis candidate and I 'll consider him . B 'Elanna Torres . Who cannot control herself and who could not make it through the Academy . She 's the best engineer I 've ever known . She could teach at the Academy . You 're right , Captain . I do consider these my people because nobody else on this ship will look out for them like I will . And I 'm telling you , you 're going to have to give them more authority if you want their loyalty . Theirs ... or yours , Commander ? I 'm trying to help you . I 'm sorry you don 't see that . I strongly recommend you get to know Torres before you choose a new Chief Engineer . Permission to leave . Dismissed . Computer , activate the emergency medical holographic system . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Actually , there is no emergency . I 'm creating a hydroponics bay . I was told you could provide me with some nitrogenated soil samples . That 's it ? I 'm sorry if ... So it begins . The trivia of medicine is my domain now . Every runny nose , stubbed toe , pimple on a cheek becomes my responsibility . You are the only doctor we have . I am not just a doctor . I 've been designed with the information from 2,000 medical reference sources and the experience of 47 individual medical officers . I am the embodiment of modern medicine . How much dirt do you need ? Four samples will be enough . Now I know how Hippocrates felt when the king needed him to trim a hangnail . You 're very sensitive , aren 't you ? As a medical practitioner , I require a certain sensitivity to properly address a patient . I 'm talking about you as a person . I am merely a hologram . Doctor , has your program altered your appearance since I came to Sick Bay ? No . Why ? When I first came in your head was at the same height as this cabinet but now you look at least ten centimeters shorter . I 've just run a diagnostic on my imaging processor . It shows that I 've been reduced in height by 10.4 centimeters . Sick Bay to Operations . This is Kim . The holographic projector in here is malfunctioning . Would you send a repair crew down right away ? We 're a little busy right now . We 'll get to it as soon as we can . It 's just that I 'm ... Kim out . Well ... seems like a very busy day in Operations . I 'm sorry I bothered you with this . No trouble at all . Just turn off the program before you leave . What 's your name ? What purpose would a name serve a hologram ? I 'd just like to know what to call you besides " Doctor . " I guess they never thought I 'd be around long enough to need one . What 's your name ? - Kes . - Kes . I 'm glad I could help you today . Computer , end program . Carey to Bridge . The subspace tractor beam is on line and ready to go , Captain . Acknowledged . Mr. Tuvok , lock onto that ship . Engaging tractor beam . It 's working . The beam is penetrating the event horizon . Engineering , check your power levels . I 'm showing massive fluctuations . Damn it ! The new relays on the power grid aren 't holding ! We 're being pulled toward the singularity ! What 's going on ? Power to the tractor beam is down 80 percent . The gravimetric force of the singularity is pulling us in . Impulse engines , full reverse . Disengage the tractor beam . I can 't shut it down ! The emitter relays are locked . I 'm picking up hull stress all over the ship . If we keep engines at full reverse while the tractor beam 's engaged , it 'll pull the ship apart . Cut the engines ! We 're moving forward again . Engineering , get that tractor beam off-line ! Captain , I can shut it down , but I 'll have to get in there and physically cut the main power feed . Do it ! Tractor beam disengaged . Move us to a safe distance , Mr. Paris . Are we abandoning the rescue attempt ? No , but we are going to need some help . Lay in a course for the llidaria system . Full impulse . Have Mr. Neelix report to the Bridge . It looks like we 're going to follow his suggestion after all . Come in . You asked to see me , Captain . Have a seat . I just want you to know that I have personally gone over every emitter relay again and refitted four of them myself . No one blames you for what happened . Commander Chakotay thinks very highly of you . He 's recommended you for Chief Engineer . Well , uh ... we 've , uh , we 've been through a few scrapes together . Do you think you 're ready ? Ready ? Ready to be Chief Engineer on a starship . Well , I think I know my way around an Engine Room , if that 's what you mean . It 's part of what I mean . There 's also the matter of your ability to command others . I 'm not sure I 'd be doing you a favor by putting you in charge down there . There 'd be a lot of hard feelings toward you from many of the Starfleet people . I 'm not bothered by what people think of me . And the job requires knowledge of Starfleet protocol , experience with Starfleet methodologies ... Listen , Captain if you don 't think I 'm right for this job just say so . I 'll be honest . I 'm not sure whether you are or not . That 's why I wanted to meet , try to get to know you a little better . I 've been studying your Academy record . Where did you get that ? Thanks to Tuvok , we had the names of your entire crew by the time we left DS9 . Four disciplinary hearings , one suspension . You had quite a turbulent couple of years , didn 't you ? Yeah , I guess you could say that . What do you think the problem was ? The problem ? The problem was a system that didn 't give anyone a chance to breathe . We work under that same system on this ship . Then I guess maybe this is just a bad idea . Why did you quit the Academy , B 'Elanna ? I didn 't want to have anything to do with Starfleet then , and I 'm sorry that I have to now . Sick Bay to Captain Janeway . Yes , Doctor ? May I request you activate monitor input 47- - your emergency medical holograph channel ? Of course . I 'm getting a distorted transmission . No. ln fact , that is how I appear at present . I 'm ... shrinking . Shrinking ? There appears to be a malfunction in my imaging system . It 's been reducing my height by five centimeters every hour . I 've been waiting all day for repairs . That is not , however , what I am calling about . Over the past three hours , nine crew members have reported unusual symptoms- - severe headaches , muscle spasms and sudden waves of dizziness . All of this could be related to the quantum singularity . Quantum singularity ? It was sending out strong spatial distortions . They might have affected the crew and your systems as well . You know , Captain , if we were in the vicinity of a quantum singularity , I should have been informed . You 're right . I 'll look into linking your program into the ship 's data . Hello ? Captain ? Hello ! Report . It looks like we 're running into more spatial distortions . I 'm picking up a highly localized disturbance off the port bow . On screen . Mr. Tuvok ? It is another type-4 quantum singularity . Physical and temporal dimensions are identical to the one we encountered earlier . Captain , according to these readings , we 've returned to our previous coordinates . This isn 't another singularity . It 's the same one . Check the navigational logs . Confirm our position . Well , they show we 've traveled 1.4 light-years away from the anomaly , but I 've confirmed our position against the star chart . We 're definitely back where we started . It doesn 't make sense . They can 't both be right . We 're either still at the singularity or we 're not . Well , we can see the singularity , so I tend to believe that the external sensors are correct . That would imply there was something wrong with the warp drive and the navigational logs . Mr. Paris , lay in a course away from the singularity . This time at maximum warp . Ensign Kim , I want you to keep a sensor lock on the singularity . Verify that we 're moving away from it . Engage . Distance from the singularity is ten million kilometers and increasing . Warp engines holding steady . All systems report normal . 1 1 million . 12 million . I don 't get it . Mr. Paris , have we altered course ? No , we 're still steady on 310 mark 215 . Then something 's really wrong here . It 's ahead of us again . Confirmed . We 're back at the same coordinates . All stop . Ensign Kim , transfer all the data on the spatial distortions we encountered to my ready room . I 'm going to begin my own analysis . Commander , have all departments run complete system diagnostics . I 'll expect a full report from all senior officers at 1500 hours . Who will represent Engineering ? Lieutenant Carey . You should invite B 'Elanna Torres as well , unless you 've removed her from consideration . Fine . The Captain says she wants you to attend the staff meeting this afternoon . Oh . Well , I 'll give you a full report on what happens . I 'll be there , too . Just remember , Torres , I 'm the Senior Officer and I speak for Engineering . Try not to say anything unless someone asks you a question . 1500 hours , Deck 1 . Don 't be late . You should have broken more than his nose . I 've taken a look at every major subsystem and there 's no sign of any trouble . What about the navigational array ? We 'll have the results in about an hour . So , I hear there 's been some trouble down in Engineering . There was an altercation , but it has been resolved . Oh , that 's not what I hear . I hear that the whole department 's up in arms . That the Maquis and Starfleet people are almost at each other 's throats . I will never cease to be amazed by the human capacity for hyperbole . The situation may be characterized as tense , but one could hardly say that they are about to become violent . Well , I just hope you 're right . I mean , things are bad enough around here without ... ow ! Are you all right ? Yeah. I just have this splitting headache , and ... ow ! I 'd better get you to Sick Bay . Just dizzy . Can 't ... Can 't focus . 27 other crew members have now reported the symptoms and yet , when I examined each of them , I couldn 't find anything wrong . I have no diagnosis , no prognosis , no recommended treatment . I 'll contact you when I have something more to contribute . And by the way , I am now 68 centimeters shorter . I 'd appreciate it if someone would repair my holographic projectors before I have trouble reaching my patients . I 've finished my study of the spatial distortions coming from the singularity . I can give you a long , boring analysis . Suffice it to say , I don 't know what 's going on . The readings are confused , the data is contradictory . None of it makes any sense . Anyone have anything more constructive ? Ship-wide diagnostics have revealed nothing out of the ordinary . I tried sending out a tachyon signal , to scan the singularity , but all I got back was static . B 'Elanna , do you think you can work with Mr. Carey to clean up that signal ? Yes . Good . But it won 't work . I mean , it was a good idea to try it , but ... it won 't work . You have another idea ? I was just thinking about the problem with the Doctor 's holographic projectors . It seems like the spatial distortions might be interfering with the projector 's phase alignment . That was my guess , too . If that 's the case , I could screen out those distortions by setting up a localized damping field around the projectors . is our priority here really the medical holograph system ? My point is that if the spatial distortions are also interfering with the transmission we received from the other ship ... We could set up a similar field around our external sensors and communicate with them . Exactly . And they may know more about what 's going on than we do . Let 's give it a try . Dismissed . Emitters on line . I 'm rerouting the damping field through the deflector grid . Open a channel to the other ship . This is ... singularity ... Ramping up field intensity . It 's working . We 're cutting through the distortions . This is ... to the vessel near the ... Remodulate the EM band . See if you can clear it up a little more . Compensating for amplitude distortion . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager to the vessel near the quantum singularity . Do you need help ? That 's your hail . I 'm applying the damping field to our visual scanners . I 'll see if I can clarify the image . It 's the Voyager . It 's us . Sensors confirm it 's definitely USS Voyager . I 've been hailing the ship on all frequencies . No response . I don 't think you 'll get a response , Lieutenant . That message we unscrambled is the same message I sent out nine hours ago . Could we have traveled back in time and met ourselves ? No , that 's not it . I think I have an explanation . Think of it like this . You 're sitting at the bottom of a pond , which is frozen over and you look up at the surface and you see a reflection of yourself . Now you might think you 're looking at another person sitting at the bottom of another pond looking back at you . And in this case , we 'd be staring up at the surface of the event horizon and seeing a time-delayed reflection of ourselves . Are you saying ... we 're the ones trapped in the singularity ? Unfortunately , yes . You 're right . It 's the only theory that explains everything that 's happened to us . We 've probably been in this singularity since we felt the first jolt . Wait a minute , wait . Wait a minute . Let me get this straight . We were cruising along at warp seven . Then we pick up a distress call and moved in to investigate . But now , you 're saying that the other ship is actually just a reflection of us and that the distress call is actually just the Captain 's opening hail . But we picked up the distress call before she sent the hail . How could we have been seeing a reflection of something we hadn 't even done yet ? Am I making any sense here ? No , but that 's okay . One of the more difficult concepts to grasp in temporal mechanics is that sometimes effect can precede cause . A reaction can be observed before the action which initiated it . So , what do we do to get out ? I 'm not sure , but I do know one thing . That as we slide deeper into the singularity , the spacial distortions are increasing . According to my calculations , within nine hours , they 'll crush the ship . If your analogy 's correct , how do we get through that sheet of ice ? Look for a crack . Or make a crack . Take something and smack it into the ice until it buckles . Wait a minute . What if we 've already made a crack in the ice ? When we first entered the event horizon . If we could find our entry point , we might be able to slip out the way we came in . So , we 'd be looking for a subspace instability in the event horizon . What would make it show up on our sensors ? Warp particles . If we saturate the event horizon with warp particles , we might be able to see them escaping through the rupture we made when we entered . Mr. Tuvok , take the main deflector off-line . Mr. Kim , reroute the port and starboard plasma flow to the main deflector . We can use it to generate a warp field . Deflectors off-line . Initializing plasma flow . Release the warp particles . Scanning the singularity . Anything ? Not yet . Warp particles at full intensity . I 'm picking up something- - a slight irregularity . It could be a rupture in the event horizon . Put it on screen . It is a rupture , Captain . It 's 50 meters by ... ten meters . Oh , it 's too small . It must have collapsed since we first passed through it . We found the crack . That 's the important thing . Now , how do we make it bigger ? Put a wedge in it and force it open . We could try a dekyon beam . All right , a dekyon beam . Mr. Paris , bring us closer . Captain , if we get too close to the rupture , our warp engines might make it collapse even further . Can we emit a beam from here ? The rupture 's over 50 million kilometers away . We don 't have enough power . to project a dekyon beam that far . We 'll have to take a shuttlecraft . You 'll need the best pilot you 've got in that shuttle , Captain . That 'll be me . Getting there is the easy part , Mr. Paris . We need someone who 's familiar with the finer points of temporal mechanics , and unless you 've been hiding your credentials , I don 't think that 's you . B 'Elanna , you 're with me . The Bridge is yours , Commander . We 've cleared Voyager . Shields at full strength . We 'll reach the rupture in approximately four and a half minutes . Let 's get that dekyon beam on line . Remodulating emitters . Captain ... I want to apologize for losing my temper . In your ready room ? I think maybe you were hitting a little bit too close to home , you know ? I respect Chakotay , but he 's wrong . I 'm not officer material and we both know it . The truth is , I quit the Academy because ... I realized I couldn 't make it in Starfleet . And , believe me , no one was sorry to see me go . Professor Chapman was . What ? He put a letter in your permanent file saying that , should you ever reapply , he would support you . He thought you were one of the most promising cadets he 'd ever taught . I fought with him almost every day . I was always questioning his , his methods , his assumptions , and he was always slapping me down like some upstart kid . I was surprised he didn 't help me pack my bags . Some professors like students who challenge their assumptions , B 'Elanna . And so do some captains . Professor Chapman wasn 't alone . Many of your teachers thought you had the potential to be an outstanding officer . You had more friends at the Academy than you realized . We 're 15 kilometers from the rupture . Start charging the dekyon beam . Dekyon beam on line . Shields down to 62 percent . lncrease speed . We have to get to that rupture before these spatial distortions tear us apart . All right . Let 's open this hole in the ice a little wider . lnitiate the dekyon beam . They 've widened the rupture by almost 35 percent . They 'll have to widen it twice that much before Voyager can make it through . Hold our position . Mr. Tuvok , report . The spatial distortions are increasing . Hull integrity has dropped 18 percent . We 've widened the opening by over 65 percent . I 'd like another five for safety . We 're losing power . I don 't think we 're going to get any more , Captain . Let 's get back to Voyager . The shuttle is returning , Commander . It appears as though they 've been damaged . Their com system 's down . I am unable to raise them . The rupture 's now 120 meters in diameter . That leaves us with less than two meters ' clearance on either side . Mr. Paris , as soon as we 've recovered the shuttlecraft , lay in a course toward the rupture and take us out . Aye , sir . Well , this is a problem . One of them is a temporal reflection but which one ? I 'm getting identical readings from both ships . Captain , the rupture is starting to collapse again . If Voyager doesn 't get through it within the next five minutes , they 'll never get out . That means we have one chance to pick the correct ship . Simple choice- - port or starboard ? - Starboard . - Port . The port ship is more likely to be the real one . It 's closer to the rupture . That means ... that means they 're holding position as close as they can to the rupture , waiting for us to dock before they head out . No. lt may be closer to the rupture , but it 's facing the wrong direction . The starboard ship is facing away from us . That means they 're trying to give us easy access to the shuttlebay . There has to be some way to tell them apart besides which direction they 're facing . The starboard ship 's thrusters are at standby . They 're holding position But the port ship is moving toward the rupture . Then I was right . It 's the port ship . They 're heading out . Don 't you see ? Voyager did move toward the rupture 20 minutes ago when we first discovered it . That 's why the port ship is moving toward it now . It 's a time-delayed reflection of what we did before . The starboard ship 's the real one . They 're waiting for us . If you 're wrong ... we 're going to have a long time to debate it . We 're ready to dock . All right . Cut the thrusters . Let 's see what happens . Feels like a real ship to me . Let 's get back to the Bridge . Commander Chakotay , report . We 're almost to the rupture . Mr. Paris is about to impress us with his piloting skills . The rupture 's collapsing . It 's down to 1 10 meters wide . That 's too narrow . We 're not going to make it . In command school , they taught us to always remember that maneuvering a starship is a very delicate process , but over the years , I 've learned that sometimes you just have to punch your way through . Mr. Paris , full impulse power . Shields are down . I 'm losing power to the port impulse engine . Switching to auxiliary power . Hull integrity failing . Keep it together , Mr. Paris . We 've cleared the event horizon , Captain . We 've returned to normal space . " Sometimes you just have to punch your way through . " I 'll have to remember that one . Set a course . I want to be at least 100 million kilometers away from the singularity before we begin repairs . There they are- - your staff . I 'll try not to break any of their noses . First order of the day : The Captain wants the warp drive back on line by 1300 hours . 1300 ? That 's impossible . Then maybe you need to go break a few noses , or at least ... bend a few . Lieutenant . All right . Get that isolinear bank up and running and lock down those plasma relays . Please . I 'm going to be counting on you , Lieutenant . I 'm not up-to-date on the latest Starfleet protocols and I know that you 're probably more familiar with the quirks of this warp engine than I am right now . I hope ... that I can depend on you . I assure you , you 'll never get less than my best . Lieutenant ... congratulations . Welcome aboard . Are you checking up on your new Chief Engineer ? Observing . And ? Two crew members have already filed complaints about her promotion , and she may be in for a tough period of adjustment , but I think B 'Elanna 's going to make a fine addition to this crew . Our crew . Can I ask you a question ... off the record ? If things had happened differently and we were on the Maquis ship now instead of Voyager , would you have served under me ? One of the nice things about being Captain is that you can keep some things to yourself . Sick Bay to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . is someone ever going to come down here and fix my holographic projectors ? We 're a little busy right now , Doctor , but I 'll send a crew down as soon as I can . I would appreciate a certain expediency in the matter . Acknowledged . Janeway out . I 'm sorry , Lieutenant but whatever it is , you 're going to have to take care of it yourself . Oh , it 's all right . It 's just a scratch , really . You know ... I like you better this way .
