 COMMENTARY : We got a huge crowd here . This is Matt Groening . - Are we going around the room ? - Oh , yeah . - Stewart Burns . Writer . - John DiMaggio , voice of Bender . This is Billy West , the voice of a few characters . - Scott Vanzo , computer graphics . - David Cohen , executive producer . Bret Haaland , director . And Rich Moore , supervising director . Billy West , executive producer . [ MAN LAUGHS ] This was the first Twilight Zone rip-off ever . Maurice LaMarche is doing the voice right there . - He 's got a good Serling . - He does have a good Serling . He can only do it really soft and then we crank it up so you hear it on TV . As a matter of fact , this is all Maurice within this . ANNOUNCER : Per your request , please find enclosed the last man on earth . Finally , solitude . I can read books for all eternity . It 's not fair . It 's not fair ! Wait , my eyes aren 't that bad . I can read the large-print books . It 's not ... ! Well , lucky I can read Braille . COMMENTARY : If Twilight Zone was that long , it would 've been great . LEELA : A debate 's on ! Change the channel ! That 's what Fry said when we turned on the debate . [ GROUP CHUCKLING ] COMMENTARY : America hasn 't changed . LEELA : There are no car chases but one of these men will become president of the world . So ? We live in the United States . That 's part of the world . - That 's you , John DiMaggio . - Oh , boy . Who plays the identical twin ? - Oh , snap . - DiMaggio , John . Now , that 's satire . LEELA : Even with identical DNA , they differ on key issues . Your three-cent titanium tax goes too far ! Your three-cent titanium tax doesn 't go too far enough ! If I were registered , I 'd send a message ... COMMENTARY : This was written before the 2000 presidential election . We called presidential election fever way in advance . Wasn 't there a great deal ... ? Actually , we 're omniscient here at Futurama . Sorry . I remember the network hating this and refusing to believe it would be good . No , you 're thinking of every episode . [ GROUP CHUCKLING ] No , they really didn 't want Nixon in the show . They said the kids wouldn 't know who he was . It doesn 't matter . He 's funny . Luckily for us , he 's a character in real life so it translated easily . We took him in a different direction , making him kind of a slimy jerk . They get all the breaks ! ZOIDBERG : You could join a third party , maybe . Only weirdos and mutants join third parties . I 'd better keep an eye out at the next meeting . - What 's your party , Bender ? - I can 't vote . - Because you 're a robot ? - No , a felon . We favor huge subsidies to the Brain Slug planet . Okay , but what are the Brain Slugs gonna do for the working man ? - Attach Brain Slugs to them . - Sure , you say that now . COMMENTARY : Is that Dave Herman ? - Yeah , that 's Dave . - He never ceases to amaze me . - Oh , God . This guy 's come back once or twice now . I love that poster in the background . For duck hunting . - That your Penn Jillette impression ? - Pretty much . [ MAN LAUGHS ] I go out of the house doing Zoidberg all the time . I want to be Billy West . By the way , Hermes seems especially susceptible to that brain slug . He 's hanging out with the hemp party guy . He has it again in episode 208 . At some point he was going to have a slug on for the rest of the show . Who came up with the idea to have this guy 's tongue hanging out ? The original idea with the slugs was , they were gonna be on the ceiling throughout the show and would drop down and make you smarter . And then they 'd come and cover your whole head . Maybe we 'll do that . The guy who 's in the background on that poster is the same guy who was in some other episode , the pilot . - He was in a poster saying ... - " You gotta do what you gotta do . " What sort of punctuation was over his head in that one ? None . I didn 't know Bender was titanium until we needed him to be . You know , over the course of this and future episodes we learned he 's 40-percent titanium 30-percent dolomite , and 40-percent iron . There 's zinc . Zinc was definitely in there . That 's right . 40-percent zinc . We 're at least up to 1 50 percent . - A missing water sound there . - We debated that . - The censor cut that debate short . - Good taste won in the end . That was a good kick . I love the fact that Bender can have such a cocky attitude in this incredibly demeaning shape here . It was an effort to find a character to say that without looking horrible . Bachelor Chow . Looks yummy . There are so many more butlers on cartoons than in real life . [ GROUP LAUGHING ] Well , you 've never been to my house . - There 's a 3-D roulette wheel . - Yeah . Nice job , Scott . Can we use that model to predict actual roulette outcomes in Las Vegas ? That 's why the studio goes to Las Vegas every year . - Here comes the eyeball . - That 's an eye . That joke 's obscure . [ BOWLING BALLS BANGING ] BENDER : Strike ! In your face , Leela ! [ GROUP LAUGHING ] COMMENTARY : Violence is funny . - Three , two , one . - 3-D car . - This is great . This is the first time we had to model the conference room and other areas . - This is the best . - So everything is 3-D ? The characters are 2-D , which makes them kind of difficult to integrate . That 's a shot I couldn 't believe we could get on TV . It 's way too fancy . This should be a video game , " Bender-head racing . " That is great . Versus the presidential heads . Now that we have that in 3-D , we could use that in any old show . Yeah , we see the interior a lot , like through the open cargo bay . Do you guys use this 3-D background in practice ? - Jeez . - Just for 3-D shots . We had to wreck a car to get that right . [ GROUP LAUGHING ] We still don 't have the laboratory and some other areas modeled yet . Ah , cameo . - Ron Jeremy . - Yeah . COMMENTARY : That is Claudia Schiffer . - That 's her . It really pays to have a supermodel in a cartoon . [ GROUP LAUGHING ] Especially when you 're just seeing their head . - She was a good sport . - It took all day for only five lines . - Really ? - No . Dave wanted to keep her around . - The presidents . - And she was good . BENDER : Sturdy shelves , good security . This place has class . Hi , sugar . Legally , nothing I can do ... COMMENTARY : We found a new angle on the Bill Clinton joke . FORD : He gets this way around meaty-Iooking women . I remember you . I was gonna vote for you . But voting isn 't cool so I got trashed on Listerine . I 've never felt voting is essential to the process . NIXON 'S VOICE : Rubber baby buggy bumpers . [ GROUP LAUGHING ] Maurice does most of the presidents that Billy doesn 't . - Why does Washington say " thou " ? - I think Maurice is Canadian . - In olden times , people said " thou . " - Yeah , some vague olden times . [ MAN GIGGLES ] This is kind of a section that the 8-year-old viewers aren 't following . - It 's what allows them to air this ... - History lesson ? - Yeah , Learning Channel . - Educational . By running this show , they avoid taxes for two years . I spent my teen years loving my body . Of course , it was tough love ... He opened relations with China ... - Well , a positive comment about Nixon . - Yeah . We 're open-minded . [ MAN MIMICS NIXON ] [ MAN GIGGLES ] Let 's go . All these heads are so cute . This was actually done in 3-D because of the complexity of the shot . [ GROUP LAUGHING ] - There 's a heroic pose . - In his underwear . There really was a two in there , right ? - Yes . - Was there ? Let 's go back . BENDER : My body loved me and I turned its back on it . Well , old friend , tie a yellow ribbon round your neck . I 'm coming home ! You sold my body ! To who ? I can 't reveal that . But I 'll give you $ 50 for the kid . COMMENTARY : That you , John ? - Yeah . Good voice , I like it . - Thank you , New Jersey . - What exit ? Yeah , exactly . - Good pose on Fry . - I like this guy right here . - You do ? - I sit at home like that all the time . - He 's only got three hairs . - Most of our viewers watch like this . [ GROUP LAUGHING ] - We 're doing the commentary like that . - It 's how we 're drawn . But we 're not crossing our legs . Speaking of cartoons , when someone turns the TV on important information is revealed within.03 seconds . REPORTER : Nobody can be elected president more than twice . That 's right , no " body . " But as you can plainly see , I 've got a shiny new body . [ SINGS ] COMMENTARY : I believe that was Billy just going bananas there . Billy West , that is . We should just have Fry nude for no reason . He is for a disproportionate amount of time . I always felt empty after that first episode where he was probed . I love this . NIXON SINGS : Feed your head I 'm meeting you halfway ... COMMENTARY : Is this the place we thought about doing " Ohio , " the Crosby , Stills and Nash song with Nixon singing ? I don 't know . - Tin soldiers and Nixon ' s coming - Oh . Probably . - But we couldn 't get permission . - I believe that 's right . NIXON 'S VOICE : I 'm glad you couldn 't . - For the best . That 's not a bad song . That was a penis joke in case you didn 't ... . [ MAN LAUGHS ] - It was hard to get . - " Your Mama So Fat " contest . [ AUDIENCE MUMBLING ] MORBO : Morbo will introduce the candidates . Puny human number one . Puny human number two . And my good friend , Richard Nixon . Hello , Morbo . COMMENTARY : The most honest newsman on TV . Is that a Rugrat or something ? BENDER : First he steals my body , now he 's touching my stuff . We 've got to find a way to talk to him . Morbo demands an answer to the following question : COMMENTARY : I always thought that meant seize and consume the child . I love the look of Morbo . It 's like one of those ' 50s sci-fi heads . - The truth-o-scope 's a full 3-D model . - I love that thing . I think it turned out really great , the iris and everything . The graph is actually a particle they also use for creating hair in 3-D . Pre-life . We had to debate a bit about how Nixon could sweat outside of his jar . I guess you figured the force of the sweat inside expanded the volume of the liquid over the top ... NIXON 'S VOICE : Condensation . BENDER : Give my body back , you thief ! Look here , you drugged-out communist . I paid for this body and I 'd no sooner return it than I would my dog . Shut up ! COMMENTARY : That 's my favorite line in the show . I really like that dog 's head . We 're a long way from talking about him opening up China now . We went through everything about Nixon that we all remembered from about eighth grade . I learned a lot , actually . Didn 't really go into the deeper Nixon subjects . I love the 60th president . Nice lighting on that scene . I like the shadows there and stuff . FRY : Why would Nixon stay here ? COMMENTARY : Which doesn 't make any sense at all because well , he didn 't break in himself . - That was hand-drawn . - Wow . - That was great . I love that . - It 's so cute . FRY : Keep going . We 're right behind you . Whoa , mama . Get a room , you two ! HOTEL GUEST : We 're in a room ! - Then lose some weight ! [ GROUP CHUCKLING ] COMMENTARY : Where 'd that come from , Billy ? I always imagined he was ready to turn into some kind of werewolf . When he was president , I 'd be like : [ MAN ROARS ] [ SNORES ] NIXON : Hey , Betty Friedan , send a little of that lotion my way . Okay . Almost got it . Steady . Steady . Don 't panic . Ooh . Uh-oh . COMMENTARY : God , this is weird . NIXON : You shaggy peaceniks got nerve . - I want what 's mine ! - Don 't make me kick your neck . - Bring it on , soup can . COMMENTARY : I love when he 's angry , it 's a static thing on his mouth . NIXON : You 're all going to jail . And I don 't grant pardons like that sissy , Ford . You won 't pardon anyone , because you won 't get elected . The voters aren 't ... COMMENTARY : That 's an insult to all . - What the ... ? COMMENTARY : Computers may be twice as fast as they were in 1 973 but voters are as drunk and stupid as ever ! The only one who 's changed is me . I 've become bitter and crazy . Once I 'm in office , I 'll sell our children 's organs to zoos for meat ! COMMENTARY : So far from China . [ GROUP CHUCKLES ] FRY : He lost my vote . One vote won 't make a difference . COMMENTARY : Another amazing , fresh commentary on the 2000 election . Amazing , I say . [ MAN CHUCKLES ] We made good use of the fact that Bender 's pupils are square which is the stop sign on a tape player . NIXON : I 'll go into people 's houses at night and wreck up the place ! I really sound like that ? I thought I had a Clark Gable quality . We 'll trade you the tape for the body . Oh , expletive deleted ! COMMENTARY : Yep . [ GROUP LAUGHING ] - The perfect outs on these scenes . - That 's called the button . [ GROUP CHUCKLING ] After the first time it happened , you know you 'd see that at the end . LINDA : The drama has driven turnout to its highest level in centuries six percent ! Exit polls show evil underdog Richard Nixon trailing with zero votes . Yes , the system works ! The time is 7 : 59 and the robot polls are opening . The robot vote is in . Nixon has won ! Why 'd they vote for him , now that he 's just a head ? COMMENTARY : I love her . - Well , you better love her quickly . - Not for long . I love this scale . It 's such a great sense of scale and everything . FARNSWORTH : I can 't believe it . He won by a single vote . It ain 't my fault . COMMENTARY : He 's a 3-D robot , right ? - Yeah . It 's actually one of the most articulated ones we had at that point . - Wow ! You mean there 's more to come ? - Oh , yes . [ MAN SINGS " HAIL TO THE CHIEF " ] NIXON : Who 's kicking who around now ? [ GROUP CHUCKLING ] COMMENTARY : Whoa ! - Wow . [ CLAPPING ] Bret Haaland directing . That was beautiful and Stewart Burns , script . - Also beautiful . - Billy West . - Awesome , Billy West . - As Richard Nixon . J.D. as Bender ! [ MAN WHISTLES ]
