 [ Man ] Jarod booked out of here a couple days ago . I sure miss that old boy . - To know him is to love him . - Amen , brother . I kind of took him under my wing , so to speak . Yeah , I kept my eye on him . I 'm sure that 's just like you , Junior , always thinking of the other guy . I believe in helping ' those less fortunate . " Darwin Transport . " Yep , this is it . - This is what ? Jarod stayed in that ? - Yep . He 'd lock himself in there for three , four days at a time . Paid me to check in on him now and again . You know , bring him a little bread , some water , chain him up [ Together ] Chain him up ? - Live and let live . That 's my motto , especially when there 's cash comin ' myway . Hell , he 'd even ask me to zap him with a carbattery now and then . Whatever turns you on , I guess . - Why , Jarod ! - Jarod ! I didn 't know you was in there ! I got ya , didn 't I ? [ Wheezy Laugh ] Buy yourself a fifth of happiness . I couldn 't get a shot of joy for this . There 's no place like home . Well , they say there 's a fine line between genius and insanity . [ Miss Parker ] Jarod 's line was erased long ago . Huh . What 's a home without TV ? - That 's Jarod 's handwriting . - Since when do we follow his directions ? There 's always a method to Jarod 's madness . So if it says don 't touch , don 't touch . - [ Buzzer Sounds ] - [ Miss Parker ] Lyle ! Oh , no . It won 't budge . Junior ? Junior ! [ Junior ] Seeyou later , Miss Parker , Mr. Lyle ! Oh , damn it ! We never told that scum-toothed idiot our names ! Jarod set this up . Now we 're his prisoners . [ Helicopter Passing Overhead ] Worst heat wave we 've had in years ... and this one 's been locked in the hole for three days . We 're gonna need to scrape him out with a shovel . [ Jarod ] Thanks , but that won 't be necessary . I could use a shower , though . [ Man Narrating ] There are Pretenders among us . [ Jarod ] I was taken from my family . Thirty-six hours and he 's already demonstrating more talent than any of our others . How many people died because of what I thought up ? Since I broke out , I 've spent every moment searching for my past . [ Miss Parker ] He 's a Pretender - A genius who can become anyone that he wants to be . - The Centre wants him alive . - Preferably . [ Miss Parker ] He defends the weak and abused . [ Jarod ] Life 's a gift .. - You a doctor ? - I am today . # [ Jarod Whistling ] Good morning , gentlemen . - [ Groans ] - Excuse me , sir . If you don 't mind my saying ... it 's creepy that you just spent the last three days in the same hole Officer Rion hung himself . Sometimes , you gotta walk in somebody else 's shoes ... to understand what they 've been through . Call it a ... simulation . Is that something they teach you in criminal investigation training ? It 's just something I picked up as a kid . Lieutenant - Kimbrall . Molly Kimbrall . I 'm with the provost marshal 's office . - Jarod Stevens . - Yeah , I know . The base 's grapevine is pretty much sizzling ... with word that C.I.D. ' s here investigating Rion 's suicide . Colonel Dance assigned me to escort you around . He wants to see you in his offiice A.S.A.P. - He 's a little pissed . - Pissed ? Ticked off . - You know , mad ? - Why should he be mad ? I 've only kept him waiting 72 hours and 13 minutes . [ Man ] I am honored you finally decided to pay me a visit ... even if it did take you three and a half days . I was just doing a little recon , trying to be a good soldier . That 's an understatement . Top 10 in your class at West Point . J.D. with honors . Georgetown Law . And I saw Rambo 27 times . Captain Saunders here is the leader of Rion 's training unit . - He was there the night he died . - We 'll be doing some talking , Captain . - Most definitely . - Your file tells me damn near everything except your rank . I don 't even know if you 're supposed to call me " sir . " Well , that is the army . Not only does it promote the incompetent ... but it allows C.I.D. offiicers like myself to kick around anyone ... from a private to a general regardless ofrank . But if it makes you feel any better , I 'll call you " sir . " Would you excuse us for now ? Gladly , Colonel . Let me know if there 's anything I can do to help , sir . Afteryou , Lieutenant . Okay , Stevens , let 's just stop all this nice crap . - Agreed ? - Fair enough . P.O.W. survival training is about the systematic breaking down ... of a man 's psyche , his identity , even his will to live . It 's about survival . Now , it is my duty ... to see who can and cannot pass that test . If a man fails here , he goes down alone . But if he fails that test in war , he takes his brothers down with him . Now , that 's all very noble , but let me tell you about my duty , Colonel . Your duty is akin to a snake in the grass . Around here , we protect and police our own . We don 't need some Pentagon copperhead slithering around our feet . Maybe the late Warrant Officer Rion does . Rion 's death was investigated thoroughly . He was in the hole during P.O.W. training , and he snapped . - And mutilated and hung himself . - He snapped ! Now , anyfurther investigation will be a waste of your time ... and , more importantly , mine . Rion 's parents are convinced that their son 's death was not a suicide . They can 't accept the fact that Scott killed himself . Now , it ain 't pretty , but it is true . The truth is exactly what I intend to find out ... sir . # [ Classical ] [ Chuckles ] Whoa . Yes , I 'm studying the impact of unique physical characteristics ... on sensory processing . I would have guessed that . There 's something weird ... about this shipping invoice that Jarod left at his last lair . - Weird how ? - It 's such an obvious clue . It 's like Jarod wanted Miss Parker and Mr. Lyle to go down to Texas and investigate it . Maybe he did . What else did Jarod leave ? Some army stuffi - manuals , books , equipment . A - A worn-out Rambo video . But there 's just so much stuff ... I haven 't had time to go through it all yet . We need to alert Miss Parker and Lyle ... as this may be relevant to their investigation . That 's the other weird part . No one 's heard from them yet . It 's like they just vanished . [ Miss Parker ] I can 't get a signal out through these walls . Screw signals . - Why don 't you just point it at my head ? Huh ? - Don 't tempt me . - What the hell kind of game is Jarod playing anyway ? - Hmm . Let 's see . He locks us both in here together for God knows how long ... with nothing but a bucket of stagnant water and a roll of toilet paper . It doesn 't take much time to figure out this isn 't just a game of survival . This is survival of the fittest . [ Mr. Lyle ] Well , at least he 's not a complete jerk . He left us some army rations . - [ Monitor Beeps ] - Miss Parker . Mr. Lyle . Welcome to your home away from home . Revise that last statement . He is a complete jerk . For all the years that I was locked away at the Centre ... and for the three years I 've been out , the key to my life has been survival . A fun little game . Now ask yourselves ... what would you do to survive ? I found it 's important to know yourself and to know your family . Have a good time . Oh , by the way ... I 've whipped you up a yummy little meal . Hope you enjoy it . Mmm-mmm ! Barbecued grasshoppers . [ Chuckles ] Bon appetit . Actually , they 're supposed to be very high in protein . Tastes like liquorice . What about you ? What are you willing to do to survive , Miss Parker ? [ Gulps ] Mmm . - Oh ! Oh ! [ Spits ] - [ Object Clatters ] A key . Clever . Another little piece to Wolfgang Puke 's puzzle . I think I chipped my tooth . Great . What next ? [ Beeping ] [ Jarod ] So you 've been here ever since O.C.S. and M.P. school ? - You read my file . - I 'm C.I.D. I 'm supposed to snoop . You 're a very capable officer . Shouldn 't you have your bars by now ? The reason I 'm not a captain yet has less to do with ability than it does with biology . It 's not easy to be a woman in this man 's army , huh ? Chief Rion used to remind me that . - You knew Rion pretty well ? - We were friends . He treated me with respect , not like some of these gung-ho idiots . He was nice . Really nice . Is it true he called his parents the night before he started P.O.W. training ? I 'm the one who 's supposed to snoop , remember ? Sorry . It 's just rumor is ... he told his father that someone on base committed a breach of conduct ... which he was going to report when he got back from the P.O.W. isolation test . I guess he never got the chance to make that report , did he ? No , sir . I guess not . The training area 's just up the road ... but I doubt you 'll find Sergeant Reed any more helpful than Colonel Dance was . Sealy , Sealy , Sealy . Sealy ! It 's hot out here , isn 't it , Sealy ? [ Sighs ] That sure hit the spot . You want some ? Want a sip ? Huh ? Damn , I 've been doin ' that all day . - Hang tough , Airborne . - Don 't crack , Sealy ! All you gotta do is quit , Sealy . - [ Car Door Closes ] - Quit . You can go over there and drink as much as you want . We 'll take you back to your nice , air-conditioned room . Take a nice , long , cold shower . And after that , you get to call your mommy ... tell her to come pick you up at the airport on the first flight home ! - Is that what you want , Sealy ? - I 'm not giving up , Sergeant . - Hang tough , Sealy . - Don 't crack ! Mr. C.I.D. Step into my office . [ Man ] Don 't give up ! I understand that you were in charge of training the night that Chief Rion died . Not only that , but I 'm the one ... who opened up the hole and found him hanging by his belt . It 's all in the report . You must at least have a theory about what happened . He went in there by himself , stayed down there all night by himself . We were all right outside the whole time . Boy must 've been scared of the dark all I can figure . Let his mind get the best of him . - Enough to mutilate and hang himself ? - Never got a chance to ask him . - You here to arrest me ? - Not today . Good , ' cause I got work to do . See , these boys are still alive . It 's my job to keep it that way . [ Rion 's Voice ] " Dear Mom and Dad , We 're almost finished here . " I can 't tell you how much this opportunity means to me . " Ever since I was little , I 've wanted to be on the Special Forces ... " just like Dad was . " Our talks about his experience as a P.O. W. in Vietnam ... " prepared me for what I had to go through here in training . " And like he always said , the most important survival tool is the mind . " I miss you both very much and look forward to us being together soon . Your loving son , Scott . " We should 've heard something by now . There 's been no word from Miss Parker ... no word from Mr. Lyle , no answer on their cell phones . - Syd , I 'm gettin ' kind of freaked here . - I 'm concerned as well . You think their disappearance has something to do with Jarod ? All those military manuals we found in his lair , don 't they all have a survival component ? - Yeah . - I 'm going to send another Sweeper team to Texas . Broots , dig deeper into that shipping manifest and all the other items we found . Okay , I 'm on it like a cheap suit . What are you up to , Jarod ? Some P.O. W.s returned from the brutality and isolation ofprison camp intact ... others as mere shadows of the man they once were . - [ Young Jarod ] They seem haunted . - You 're right . [ Young Sydney ] Study these men , Jarod . Help us understand why some survive and some shatter . - [ Knocking ] - Come in . I found Cap - Captain Saunders and the rest of Chief Rion 's unit ... - sort of . - Where ? Well , they finished the P.O.W. phase of their training ... and headed out to the south range for some kind of initiation . - Initiation ? - Yeah . They could be anywhere in this 50-square-mile area . Well , I guess I better bring my canteen . Um , nothing personal , sir , but you 'll never find them . They are experts . They just go out there and disappear . [ Man ] Brand 's ready , Captain Saunders . You 've earned it , soldier . Give me the bottle . Take a hit . - You ready ? - I 'm ready , sir . [ Yelling ] - Whoo ! Yeah ! - You did it , man ! You did it ! Is this what they call a weenie roast ? - How the hell did you find us , C.I.D. ? - I followed your tracks . - We don 't leave tracks , Stevens . - Call them what you will . But there was a pressure indentation by the creek bed ... a stone was kicked over by the outcropping ... and someone with a size 11 - and-a-half boot has a crack in their heel . Sending up a flare would have been less conspicuous . You know , I 'd be careful who the hell you 're sneakin ' up on , C.I.D. And I 'd be careful about violating regulations . This is tradition , and it 's voluntary . - Right , Sealy ? - Yes , sir . Demolitions man . - Yes , sir . - You don 't find that very often in survival training . We all come from different disciplines . I was a medical officer , counterintelligence . Rion was logistics . Duvall here took his place . And Walker 's our weapons expert . Different disciplines , one mind , body and soul . - We train to become a team . - So you all knew Scott Rion pretty well . When your training 's about survival , it 's as important ... to get to know your friends as it is to get to know your enemies . - Your life depends on it , sir . - A whole lot of good that did Scott Rion . - Scott had his own problems . - What kind ? Personal . In fact , I sensed he was fallin ' apart . There were times I even covered forhim during training . Look , I wanted Rion to make it . We all ... wanted Rion to make it . And I guess I should 've gone to the colonel , but I was afraid he 'd kick Rion out . Maybe if I had , he 'd still be alive . Well , like you said ... it 's as important to know your friends ... as it is to know your enemies . [ Horn Honking ] [ Mr. Lyle ] We need fluids , or we 'll dehydrate . This tooth 'll kill me before then . When it comes to survival , Jarod doesn 't know the first thing about me . Too bad you quit smoking . Give it up , Daniel Boone . Brr ! I bet it 's getting pretty cold in there . I hope you two are getting along okay . You know what they say : When opposite polarities come together , things can get hot pretty quickly . Oh , in case anybody 's interested , there 's a tube of Anbesol in there somewhere . Searching for it can keep you warm . No . Matches for a fire would keep me warm . Shut up and find the Anbesol . " Opposite polarities . " Oh , great . We 'll suffocate . Found the Anbesol . I bet you 're glad I 'm here now . You can thank me later . We 're gonna choke on the smoke ... if I don 't get this thing sealed . I need ... duct tape . Perfect . - Gotta hand it to Jarod . - [ Tape Ripping ] They say duct tape is the best thing to have ... in a survival situation . - Very clever . - [ Tape Ripping ] But he 's not as clever or smart as he thinks he is . Few people are . [ Kimbrall ] What are you doin ' here so late ? - I was going over files in Colonel Dance 's office . - After midnight ? Well , I guess you didn 't get the memo on the colonel 's new " open door " policy . You do like to ruffle feathers , don 't you ? Hop in . I 'll give you a ride home . Get out of the car . Get out of the car ! [ Animal Howling ] Taking a stroll down memorylane , Sealy ? - You scared me , Stevens . - Well , there 's a lot of that going around tonight . Somebody tried to blow up me and Lieutenant Kimbrall . Somebody who knows their way around a firecracker . It wasn 't me . If it had have been , they 'd be mopping you up about now . I see . So , you having trouble sleeping ? I just thought I 'd take a walk . To the place where Chief Rion died . Interesting . You can still hear him , can 'tyou ? His screams . His pain . I was here when it happened . It was his last night in the hole . He was down there howling ' and screamin ' all night ... callin ' out Captain Saunders 's name ... and yellin ' all kinds of crazy stuff . [ Groaning ] [ Yelling ] It was horrible listening to him the whole night . Then around daybreak , it just stopped . I thought he passed out till Sergeant Reed opened the door ... and we saw him ... hanging from the ceiling . He 'd gone and scratched himself all up . It was like something out of a horror movie . I don 't know who or what could cause someone to flip out like that . I swear I don 't . - Why didn 't you get him out ? - I wanted to . We all did . - But we were ordered not to . - Captain Saunders ? And Sergeant Reed . They said if we pulled Rion out , he 'd be kicked out of training . So they just left him down there to die . It 's not like they knew he 'd kill himself . How could anyone have known ? [ Mr. Lyle ] It hasn 't been easy trying to put the murders out of my mind . Looks like you 've done a pretty good job . I met Sue at the University of Virginia . She was part of an exchange program with her sister Cindy . One night , I stopped by their apartment . The door was open . So I went on in and found ' em - what was left of them - in the bedroom . I was a suspect at first . Then the police found a roll of duct tape ... in the trunk of Cindy 's ex-boyfriend 's car . The same tape that had been used on both sisters . Or maybe someone planted the duct tape on an innocent man . You know , to survive . Don 't you see what Jarod 's trying to do ? Whether it 's in this trap ... or at the Centre , he 's trying to keep us from trusting each other . You 've gotta trust me , Parker . It 's a must for our survival . What 's that ? Parker ? Parker ? You think of everything , don 't you , Jarod ? What 's the watch about ? Survival . Sydney ! Syd ! That Sweeper team you sent to Texas - They didn 't find them , but they interviewed some bum ... who had taken Miss Parker and Mr. Lyle to a shipping container where Jarod had been living . - The shipping container-was it still there ? - Oh , no , it 's gone . I can 't find it . All anyone seems to know is that it 's heading east . - Along with Parker and Lyle ? - But that 's not all . For 10 bucks , the bum told the Sweepers that ... Jarod had turned the container into a kind of a P.O.W. camp ... and that he was the prisoner . - Hmm . Survival . - Exactly . I sifted through everything from Jarod 's lair . Most of it is used in training at military , P.O.W. and survival units across the country . Jarod may have been at one ofthese facilities . Or still may be . - [ Young Jarod ] I 've evaluated the data , Sydney . - And what have you determined ? It 's not necessarily the prisoner who suffered the most physically ... orwere held in captivity the longest who experienced the most significant trauma . Then what is the critical factor to their survival ? [ Young Jarod ] Their minds , Sydney . Their will to survive . If the captor removes their hope ... their ability to understand their fears and overcome them ... the prisoner loses his grip on reality , self-destructs . [ Imitating Ricky Ricardo ] Lucy , you got some explainin ' to do . - I saw that on a rerun . - This isn 't what it looks like . I hope not , ' cause it sure doesn 't look very good to my friend over here . I came here to look in Chief Rion 's file . I can 't just sit back and hope this all goes away . I have to find out what really happened to Scott . You don 't believe that it was just a suicide either , doyou ? I don 't know what to believe . All I know is Scott 's family deserves the truth . And if that means risking my commission to get it to ' em , then so be it . What you 're risking is your life . That bomb in your car wasn 't meant for me . Why don 't you tell me about Captain Saunders . I see the way he looks atyou . Well , when no one 's around , he 's touched me ... inappropriately . - How long has this been going on ? - A few months . [ Sighs ] First , it was just comments . Suggestions . You get used to that kind of crap when you 're a female in the military . You just learn to ignore it and hope it stops . - But it didn 't ? - No . - And you told Scott about it ? - [ Scoffs ] I made him promise not to tell anyone . What happened ? About a week before Scott 's death ... I went off base to meet some friends for dinner . Captain Saunders was there , Chief Rion , the rest of the unit . Captain Saunders kept staring at me ... to the point that it was scaring me . So I got up and left . I just wanted to get out of there and go home . Captain Saunders grabbed me . He wouldn 't let go . I tried to fight him . - I was yelling at him to let go of me . - Get off of me ! But he wouldn 't stop . I was so scared . He was trying to push me into the car . Then , all of the sudden , someone pulled him off of me . Scott Rion . He told Captain Saunders he was going to report him . They argued . Captain Saunders told Scott he 'd forgotten the first rule - that the unit always comes first . He said it wasn 't over between them ... that he 'd make sure Scott learned his lesson . When Scott committed suicide , I felt responsible . Scott did commit suicide , but it wasn 't by choice . I don 't understand . His psychological profile showed no signs ofinstability . Prisoner of war training is tough ... but Scott knew he only had to endure one more night . Then what could have made him go out ofhis mind ? Something I found in his mind . You 're saying he was given something to make him go crazy ? That 's what hewas trying to tell us . He wasn 't mutilating himself . He was writing a word . Scott knew he was drugged . Hewas attempting to tell us who did it and how . That seems so impossible . Rion knew that Saunders was involved in a secret research project ... to develop drugs to interrogate prisoners of war . The name of that project was - [ Kimbrall ] " Abyss . " Scott knew he was given the Abyss drug . As he became more psychotic and disoriented ... he attempted to tell us . So what are you gonna do about it ? I 'm going to give Captain Saunders ... a little taste of his own medicine . It 's okay to drink now . Trust me . " Tick tock . " Jarod wanted you to find that watch . He knew it meant something to you . It was my - our mother 's . She won it in a swim competition when she was little ... and Daddy gave it to me for my 12th birthday . I used to use it to time myself ... treading water when we would go to the lake . And this one particular morning , it was early . I took the skip out alone , and I went way out into the middle . I t started taking on water , and before I could make it back , it sank . And I tried to swim ... but it was just so far . All I could do was tread water and hope someone would find me . My legs were cramping , and my arms were aching . It was terrifying . Every time I wanted to give in ... and to surrender to the pain , to let myself sink ... I would hear the ticking of this watch . And it was like Mother 's voice whispering to me ... to fight for my life - to fight to survive . And I did . [ Scoffs ] Anyway ... eventually Daddy came and rescued me . But it was this watch that saved my life . - I lost it a long time ago . - Looks like somebody found it . [ Engine Shuts Off ] What now ? Syd ! Syd ! I found it . I found the container , and you 're not gonna believe where . - [ Pounding ] - [ Broots ] Miss Parker ? Miss Parker ? Broots ? Broots , you lovable moron , is that you ? Yeah , I guess . - Open the door ! - [ Sydney ] You 'll have to do it . - What ? - [ Broots ] It says out here : " To open , pull the " Do not pull ' lever inside . " Really ! [ Buzzer Sounds ] Jarod shipped us back to the Centre ? - Ironic , isn 't it ? - It 's a regular junior jumble . When I catch him , I 'm gonna kill him . - Well , you may get your chance . - We tracked him to an army survival camp . - Where ? - It 's in Texas ... right next to the container yard where you started . Welcome back , ladies . Sorry to ruin your " R " and " R " ... but we have new orders to move up your three-day survival solo into the wilderness . You 'll be assigned separate quadrants . Your mission is to escape and evade for the next 72 hours . All that you need and all that you are getting ... is in your gear , which you can pick up at the table . - Make me proud ! Let 's go ! - [ All Shouting ] - Let 's go ! - Make me proud ! Let 's go ! Come on ! - [ Shouting Continues ] - Move it ! - Let 's go ! - All right ! [ Yelling ] [ Jarod ] Wake up , Saunders . Wake up ! Where am I ? What 's happening ? I bet Scott Rion asked himself the same question . - Who 's in here ? - Just demons in your mind . - And victims fromyourpast . - [ Gasps ] What 's the matter , Saunders ? Feeling a little crazy ? - Stevens , is that you ? - You look scared . Scared to death ! [ Yells ] This is gonna cost you your commission . Well , it can 't really cost me my commission , because I don 't really have one . The truth is , my name 's not Stevens . I 'm not even in the army . [ Chuckles ] What have you done to me ? The same thing you did to Scott Rion . [ Echoing ] Rion hung himself . He couldn 't cope . I told you that ! Because of the hallucinogens you put in his M.R.E. Drugs you designed to increase his feelings of fear and terror . Man , this is crazy ! Almost as crazy as Scott Rion must have felt ... when you left him in the hole all night ! As the drug took control of his mind , he had two options - either go crazy , or kill himself . No ! No ! You knew he was going to report you for the sexual harassment of Lt. Kimbrall . You would have been court-martialed , lost your precious career . You can 't prove any of it . You can 't prove it . That 's why I whipped up my own little special batch ... of Abyss . - [ Gasping ] - As you know , it starts out slowly . And then it builds , getting stronger with each wave ... until your mind slowly slips into insanity . It should be kicking in pretty well right now . Your eyes playin ' tricks on you ? Your skin crawling ? Your mind losing its grip ? Oh , uh , the key to your handcuff is . You should have your hands free in case you wanna mutilate yourself . Well , gotta go now . Have fun in your own private little ... hell . Oh , one more thing . Rion 's belt ... just in case you would want to , uh , hang around . - Have fun . - Wait ! Wait ! Don 't leave me in here ! Wait ! Don 't leave ! [ Whimpering ] Let me out , man ! Look . You 're right ! Okay ? I did it ! I did it ! [ Panting ] I drugged him . [ Sobbing ] I drugged him . Come on , man ! Let me out ! Mmm - Uh-uh . Let me out ! How long should we leave him in there ? The drug should wear off in a couple of hours . After that ... he 'll just weep . [ Panting ] Let me out ! [ Kimbrall ] The colonel assures me Saunders will get everything he deserves . Twenty to life at Leavenworth minimum . And Rion 's family will get a full apology and disclosure of what happened . From Colonel Dance personally . Thank you , Lieutenant . And I have a feeling ... those bars of yours won 't be long in coming . You know , I don 't know your rank , Jarod ... but I am honored to call you " sir . " Thank you . Now if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to practice some of those ... escape and evasion skills I 've learned here . Good luck . [ Phone Ringing ] - What ? - [ Jarod ] Aside from the chipped molar ... - it sounds like you survived . - No thanks to you . Actually , everything you needed was there all along . All you had to do was open your eyes and see . What exactly was it I was supposed to see ? That survival comes down to knowing the difference ... between your friends and your enemies . I suppose you 're trying to tell me that ... Lyle is my enemy and you 're my friend . Maybe . And you have to be willing ... to do whatever it takes to survive . You can sure bet that Lyle will . [ Line Disconnects ] [ Gunfire ] - [ Man Shouts ] - [ Gunfire ] [ Man Shouts ]
