 [ Man ] Previously on The Pretender . You people only understand one thing - power . - Daddy , get back ! - Shoot him ! Welcome back to the Centre , Jarod . Settle down or I 'll bash you again ! [ Sniffs , Sighs ] He still stinks , On the way to the shower , he freaked . Thought he was gonna chew my heart out . It took a little swipe from the motivator to calm him down , [ Grunts ] If you don 't want to go to the showers , I 'll bring the showers to you . [ Spits ] [ Grunting ] Enough ! We don 't want him dead , just less odiferous , Clean the filth off yourself , then do the walls . - You clean it . - [ Chuckling ] The world is changing . Mr , Parker is gone , Mr , Raines is gone , Miss Parker is ... God only knows where . But you and I are here ... and I 'm in charge . [ Crackling ] [ Gasping ] Like I said , the world 's changing . No ! No ! No ! You bastards ! No ! No ! No ! [ Man Narrating ] There are Pretenders among us , [ Jarod ] I was taken from my family , Thirty-six hours and he 's already demonstrating more talent than any of our others , How many people died because of what I thought up ? Since I broke out , I 've spent every moment searching for my past . [ Miss Parker ] He 's a Pretender - A genius who can become anyone that he wants to be , - The Centre wants him alive . - Preferably . [ Miss Parker ] He defends the weak and abused , [ Jarod ] Life 's a gift , - You a doctor ? - I am today . No ! No ! You bastards ! That was three weeks ago , Since then we 've been working on making him more manageable , Why haven 't I been allowed to see him ? - Look at him , He was out of control , - Was ? The world is changing , and so is Boy Wonder . [ Screaming ] Listen to me , Lyle . You 're a sick man . I 'm a persuasive man . Jarod ? I have a project that I 'd like you to do for me , Anything you want , Mr. Lyle . [ Sydney ] Brainwashing 's not possible with Jarod , Oh , we all have an Achilles ' heel . In Jarod 's case , it 's family . The one he so desperately wants back , If you wanna hear about Mommy and Daddy , just trust me . [ Jarod Crying ] - I love that part . - Lyle , please let me go to him . Sydney , if it were up to me , you two could go on a father-son picnic ... but the isolation orders come from the Triumvirate - Big Mutumbo , I got here as quickly as I could . Sydney , if you 'll excuse me . We haven 't finished talking about Jarod ! Jarod is no longer the most important thing in the world , and tomorrow he leaves forever . He 's Mutumbo 's property , and I , for one , am not gonna cross that crazy Zulu . Did you see the look on his face when he took Raines and my father away ? Just , uh , take in a movie . Get a massage , Check out the amputee dwarves down in SL 6 . Just forget about Jarod . [ Broots ] Yous tole a D.S.A. from Lyle ? Ever since Mutumbo 's put that thumbless maniac in charge ... more bodies have been droppin ' around here than St. Valentine 's Day Massacre . Did he tell you where Miss Parker 's hospitalized ? - No , He played dumb on that too , - Who 's the albino ? Someone more important than Jarod . [ Broots ] Who could be more important than Jarod ? I don 't know . Maybe the world really is changing . [ Man Screaming ] [ Man ] Stop the voices ! Nurse , uh , I 'm looking for my daughter . At the end of the hall . Oh ! Oh , my ! Oh , my angel ! - [ Grunts ] - Daddy ? Where - Oh ! Oh , thank you , Lord . - My angel , I am so sorry . - [ Monitor Beeping ] - It wasn 't your fault . - It is all my fault . - Are you okay ? - They kept me drugged in I.C.U. for three weeks . You 're the first visitor I 've seen . Yeah . I noticed . Yeah , it 's a damn good thing , angel , huh ? Those bastards don 't know where I am . They don 't know I 'm here , and we 're gonna keep it that way . - Where have you been ? - Equatorial Africa . The Triumvirate must be happy they got Jarod back . Oh , yeah , you 'd think so . Instead , they threw one right nasty soiree ... for me and that wheezing bastard Raines . - I 'm beginning to wonder about his loyalty . - Beginning to - The bullet in my back was meant for you . [ Chuckling ] Can 't kill a Parker . Never . I got Brigitte out already . Gotta keep that baby . Gotta have that baby , especially alive . Daddy , what the hell 's going on ? Same as usual-Jarod . He 's the key to our survival - all of us . - Oh , can 't talk . Not here . Not now . - You 're scaring me . Oh , we can 't have that . I mean , that 's what they want . Can 't have that . Can 't give them the edge . - [ Clears Throat ] - She 's not supposed to have visitors . - I was just leaving . - Me too . I 'm discharging myself . - Only your psychiatrist can discharge you . - The psychiatrist ? I was shot ! Since when do headshrinkers use scalpels ? [ Man ] I want my mommy ! Oh , she probably went to call somebody . I hope I can trust you not to tell anybody I was here . Daddy , don 't leave me . I 'll come back when I can explain . Huh ? Oh , who was that , uh , playwright with the white beard ? Your mother used to read him all the time-with all that punctuation . - Shaw ? - Yeah , well , whatever . Listen , there 's a quote I want you to remember . " A family is a tyranny ... ruled over by its weakest member , " Its weakest member . Don 't forget that . Oh , Daddy . Daddy , Daddy , # Kri kra toad 's foot # # Geese walk barefoot # So what 's in store tonight ? Another date with Mr. Lyle 's jumper cable ? Different game this time , Jarod , - Are we taking another trip ? - This time it 's not so dependable , Vaccines . Hepatitis " A , " malaria , typhoid . - Africa . - You are as smart as they say . - Lot of good it 's done me lately . - Arm . [ Grunts ] # Kri kra toad 's foot # [ Sydney ] Tell me where Jarod is , Angelo , Find him for me , Hey . What 's goin ' on ? I 'm using Angelo 's empathetic abilities to try and determine where Jarod is being kept . How does the , uh , freak with the Flowbee fit in ? In case of suspicions , I wanted the lab to be business as usual , Ah . Usual . - Sydney . Scared . - Yes , Angelo . Sydney is scared that he 'll never see Jarod again . Empath Jarod . Tell me where they 're holding him , - [ Broots ] Any luck ? - Not yet . You ? I found some bread crumbs that may lead us to Miss Parker . A short call comes in at the exact same time from a hospital 50 miles west of here , - Patient update . - Exactly , Before I could track where the calls went to , Lyle 's albino came blustering in . Something about a priority communication , Something called Si - Silence . Silence , huh ? [ Angelo ] Angelo happy . Find Jarod . If you wanna hear about Mommy and Daddy , just trust me . [ Whispering ] Jarod . Jarod . - Sydney . - Are you okay ? Is it true ? - Is it true that they captured my father and the boy ? - Did Lyle tell you that ? He said only one of them survived , and I 'd find out which one in Africa ... if I cooperate . - You trust Lyle ? - Don 't you ? [ Door Opens ] Well , don 't you , Sydney ? I see even you found this needle in our little haystack , I wonder how . I never liked you . I ' m not even sure what the hell you are . Come on , Jarod . Time to go . No injections this time , Jarod . - [ Pills Rattling ] - Sedatives . - Jarod . - It 's okay , Sydney . - I prefer to sleep through this . - Jarod , don 't ! Lyle , I won 't allow this ! Deny it as sweet sorrow if you want , Sydney ... but you two are parting , so be a man . Say adios . Good-bye , Sydney . Tongue ? That-a-boy . Uh , Sydney ? Put him away . Jarod 's soul is clouded , His mind is still sharp . Good night , sweet prince , We 're good to go . The tower called , We have a priority passenger to be dropped off , Level " A " project called Silence . Until we cross the Atlantic , we 're not stoppin ' anywhere for anyone . [ Man ] Mr , Lyle says we are , I 'll tell you where we 're going when we get in the air . Yes , Mr , Lyle , I have the blueprints and everything I need , Tell our clients at Raylor that as soon as our inside person gets the E.T.A ... Silence will go down flawlessly this time . Well , the C-4 will catalyze the on-site accelerant and burn white hot , Even if someone could dig through the debris ... our corporate customers can rest assured ... there 'll be no trace of even the timing device that survives . Oh , I guarantee you - there 'll be no trace left of the Nash family ... or anyone else who happens to be in that building . Any residual fallout will just help to mask the I.D. ' s of our intended targets , I 'll contact you when I 'm in place . - Haven 't you people destroyed enough lives ? - What the hell 's goin ' on ? If a bullet penetrates the jet 's skin , it can explode , Not if something plugs the hole . [ Alarm Beeping ] Come on ! Come on ! - [ Gasps ] - Good morning , sweet prince . Fortunately , I was able to land the plane in almost one piece , My lucky day . Where 's Mr. White ? He disappeared . Any idea where he might have disappeared to ? Even if I knew , I wouldn 't tell you . [ Lyle ] Yes , Mutumbo , I understand clearly every word that you are saying ... and I assure you that the irony of Jarod 's escape is not lost on me either . [ Mutumbo On Phone ] Sir , are you being facetious ? Facetious ? No . No . Of course I 'm not being facetious , sir . [ Mutumbo ] You understand ? Yes , I understand the importance of reacquiring Jarod as it relates to Silence , sir ... but , as you know , we have an inside person , So , our friends at Raylor can rest assured that the project will not be compromised . - [ Mutumbo ] It better not be . - Yes , sir , You have my word , - All right . - It seems like the world hasn 't changed so much . Okay , Sydney , you were right , and I was wrong . But I would rather be alive and wrong than dead right . And if we don 't get Jarod back ... I 'm not the only one Mutumbo 's gonna personally reeducate . - Oh . Oh , sorry for bursting in . - What ? You won 't believe who I just saw walking ' around the hallways alive as day . I mean , rumor has it he 's supposed to be dead , but he 's , uh , not . [ Wheezing ] Glad to disappoint you . Huh . [ Gasps ] It 's good to be back in the bosom of the Centre . God bless you all ! Now , let 's go catch Jarod . Amen . A Ph.D. in nuclearphysics from M.I.T. and a doctorate in radio isotopic design from USC , That 's a pretty impressive sheepskin . You see what they look like on the Internet , press print , and you 're somebody else . Oh , uh , Jeanie , this is Dr. Jarod Hickum . Helped design the propulsion system on the Cassini probe for NASA . - Nice to meet you . - Weren 't those Russian-made reactors ? I believe that you 're thinking of the TOPAZ II . The Cassini 's reactors were Chandon designed , with 72 pounds of 238 at the core . Well , I hope your expertise can help us with the Neptune probe . We 're , um , three months behind schedule . And we 've lost our two best researchers . [ Jarod ] Well , I 'm here to do everything I can , [ Monitor Beeping ] Sydney , Miss Parker . Miss Parker , we 've been searching everywhere for you . - Thank God you 're - - Alive ? Hardly . And these morons in here won 't let me out , Oh , I get my strength back , I swear I 'm going postal . That 's what they 're afraid of . According to this chart , you were admitted under a suicide watch . Suicide ? I was shot in the back ! - Only your next of kin can okay your discharge . - Next of kin . Parker , have you heard from your father ? - No . - Well , somebody sure wants to keep you in here . - Yeah , the wheezing sack of bones Raines . - I 'm not certain that 's right . Raines may have spent some time on Mutumbo 's side of the street ... but he 's acting more like he 's been in Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood . - He found religion - or it was given to him . - I don 't buy it . There 's somethin ' goin ' down at the Centre , and they don 't want me around . Lyle keeps saying , " The world is changing . " Besides Raines 's rebirth , Jarod has escaped . Lyle has some albino running a priority project called Silence , I gotta get outta here . [ Groans ] You still need rest . At least another 24 hours . Twenty-four hours , and then I 'm blowin ' this CAT scan stand . I want you to find out everything you can about the albino and Silence . They may have me down , but I 'll be damned if I 'm out . Go ! [ Chattering ] - Jarod , What are you doing here ? - Jeanie . Hi . I was trying to get a leg up on things and I thought I would go straight to the source . What part of the project were the Nashes working on ? They were heading up the research for Raylor Corporation 's propulsion system . They made some incredible discoveries with multiple applications , But most of their work was sealed after the accident . - Accident ? - Yeah , a freak thing . Their sailboat blew up while in port in the Caribbean . A gas leak or something . - I can 't believe they 're dead . - Maybe they 're not . Who sealed the data ? The word was it all went to the Department of Energy office in Albany . - [ Phone Ringing ] - This is Sydney , I hear silence is golden , especially at the Centre , There is a project called Silence , but God only knows what it is . - Is that Mr. Broots I hear ? - Yeah . How 'd you know ? Deviated septum . Right nostril . Well , I did get beaned with an Etch A Sketch when I was seven - What can you tell me about Silence ? Just that Lyle and some weird-looking albino guy were talkin ' about it . [ Jarod ] Ah , yes , The white-haired man , He and I shared some frequent-flyermiles , I can 't talk to you about this . We 're - We 're supposed to be tryin ' to catch you . I know where you live , Mr. Broots . Even if we did find something out about Silence - You don 't know what 's going on around here . I mean , they turned Mr. Raines into Pat Robertson . Silence is about the Centre killing a man , woman and their child , Now , Lyle and the albino have an inside person helping them , My guess is someone within the Department of Energy , - I need help finding out who . - We 'll do our best . Well , you 'd better , because if you don 't ... an innocent family is going to die . [ Beeps ] [ Siren Blaring ] So , who 's this new hot shot joining the Nash detail , Inspector ? His name is Jarod Watts , but he is hardly a hotshot . Bottom third in college , barely squeak-by I.Q This guy has been bounced around from one mediocre assignment to the next , - But he has one thing on his resume that none of us have . - [ Woman ] What 's that ? - The same last name as the undersecretary . - Son ? - Nephew . - Oh . I 'm sorry I 'm , uh , late . So - Sorry . Uh , Jarod Watts . The reason I 'm late is I was doing a little boning up on that Nash thing , The " Nash thing " is a P-1 Witness Protection transfer , Watts , - Please don 't forget that . - Uh , yes , sir . - Now then - - [ Loud Clattering ] Agent Timson will continue to be point on the Clare Nash protection team ... up until she is reunited with husband and daughter . I 'll be maintaining a Code 3 security status on the Nash woman . Excuse me , Uh , isn 't a Code 3 a little bit thin ? That 's the idea , Watts , You see , a Code 3 provides protection without drawing undue attention ... to the location said witness is being held , - It 's really quite effective . - Yes , sir . Code 3 . [ Chuckling ] Agent Carlson . Please , try to bring Watts up to speed on the " Nash thing , " I 'll tolerate no mistakes , That 's lunch . Angel , it 's Daddy . I looked for you at the hospital , but you 're gone . You can 't keep a Parker underwraps . No , sirree . Uh , what I need to tell you has to be said face-to-face , I 'll be at your place tonight at 9 : 00 , Now , you be alone , Erase this tape , I wouldn 't want the wrong people showing 'up , Wrong people . Raines . [ Carlson ] The Nashes 'nuclear research for the Raylor Corporation ... was supposed to be strictly for space propulsion applications . But when they suspected Raylor was sellin their work for weapons applications ... they decided to blow the whistle to the D.O.E. - That 's when someone tried to kill them on the boat . - Are there any leads ? None . Completely professional job . - It turned out to be almost as good as killing them . - How 's that ? Well , the Nashes got separated in the mayhem , and it drove them underground . Until the D.O.E. found Jason Nash and his daughter living in the Caribbean . They were placed in protective custody , Jason Nash said he 'd testify if his wife was found and they were reunited as a family . We just recently found Clare , Tomorrow at 3 : 00 we bring them all back together at the Atomic Research Lab . Family reunited , family talks . Family talks , family dies . My work here is my life , I 've spent years here doing the work of the Lord , Raines , it 's time for you to pay for killing my mother , Say your prayers , you son of a bitch . Miss Parker , I 'd like to introduce Father Connelley . - He was a friend of your mother 's , - How do you do ? I look forward to you continuing with your good work , Mr. Raines . What 's your good work ? Free exorcisms for the whack jobs in Renewal ? Do you believe in miracles , Miss Parker ? I believe in revenge . Now tell me , why did you try and kill Daddy ? A selfish , misguided act . But it came from above , as God is my witness . This kindness crap may slay ' em at the parish potluck ... but it ain 't cutting ' it with me . Then I 'll turn the other cheek . Miss Parker , those miracles I mentioned - they begin with ... love . When I find out what you 're up to ... it 's gonna take a hell of a lot more than a prayer to save your sorry ass . Thank you , but I 'm not hungry , Mrs. Nash won 't eat ? - She 's a little freaked out , - Let me try . I know it 's not gourmet , but you really should eat . - It will help you keep your strength up . - No . - Thank you though , - I understand . When I was a kid ... in the place I grew up in , I never wanted to eat either . Why was that , Agent Watts ? Because it wasn 't my body that needed nourishing . It was my heart . There wasn 't a meal satisfying enough or a room safe enough ... to help me stop missing the family that I wanted to be with so badly . Well , where 's your family now ? I don 't know . It 's the not knowing , the waiting , that 's the hardest part , But while you wait , maybe this can help , C-Courtney gave me this for Mother 's Day . I thought I lost it forever . Tomorrow you 'll be back together with the real thing . I promise you . I miss the days when the people I couldn 't trust ... were the people I couldn 't trust . You 've obviously met the new Mr. Raines , Miss Parker . Now meet Mr. White . He reports to Lyle . Since when does anybody report to my brother ? Since the Triumvirate gave him his own covert team a few years ago . His latest project is called Silence . It 's a corporate-sponsored Centre hit on a couple research scientists . Jarod was on that plane with White when it went down . He knows those innocent people will die if he doesn 't stop him . You know he 'll try . - If Jarod 's going , then so am I. - Hmm . Miss Parker 's gonna want to off herself when she hears this one , - Can anybody spare a noose ? - Miss Parker ! - Is your nose whistling ? - I have a deviated septum . You know , Mr. Parker couldn 't have been the next ofkin ... to have you committed in that hospital on that suicide watch . The dates don 't square , Mutumbo had already siphoned away Mr , Parker , So , the next of kin would had to have been - Lyle . Lyle trapped me there . Daddy ? Daddy ! I 'm sorry I can 't be there to talk to you face-to-face , but , uh , plans change , huh ? After all , it is the Centre , right ? Now , I don 't have a whole hell of a lot of time , so pay attention . The world is changing . The Centre is changing . I am changing . And you ? You have to ride all this crazy stuff out , see ? Just , uh , ride her out . Don 't try to find us . And above all else , angel , watch out for yourself . Don 't forget - " A family is a tyranny " - " Ruled over by its weakest member . " Thank God you 're safe . You had me worried . About what ? That suicidal sis might play a little game of razor roulette ? The suicide watch was for your own protection . - Oh . - Not perfect , but it was all I could think of . The more the others thought you were a non factor , the safer you 'd be . - Others ? - The same ones that got to Raines ... that put the scare into our father . Which conveniently put you in charge . Mutumbo snaps , I jump . Guilty . You and your team - I know all about your covert division . Mr. White . Silence . Good , because I need your help . Look , I 'm being straight here . Silence is a Level " A " contract . The last thing I needed was for Jarod to escape and make this his cause . Careful . You 're sweating . Well , with Jarod hovering , I 'd be stupid not to . You botch a Level " A , " and you 'll need my prayers , not my help . I need my sister . I 've always been a survivor , Parker ... but in the past year since I found my father and you ... I - I 've realized it 's not just me against the world . I hear the world 's changing . One look into Dad 's eyes confirms it . Despite that , the Centre 's always been about Parkers , And like it or not , you and I are it . Let 's fight for it , for us - for him . [ Chiming ] Timson , Timson ! - [ Grunts ] - Where is she ? Where 's Clare now ? Jarod ! Gone . She 's been taken out to go meet her husband and daughter . - You weren 't told about the schedule change ? - No , I wasn 't . Out of the blue , the transfer orders were moved up to noon . - Timson . - Yeah . They were his orders . When I asked for details , he said it was " need to know only . " Guess Timson doesn 't think you and I need to . Glad to see you 've decided to take up the fight . I didn 't come to help you . I came to recapture Jarod . [ Beeping ] - It won 't be long now , Mrs. Nash . - Thank you . [ Man On Radio ] Agent Blaine , - We 're in position . - Roger that , - Sir , " B " Team has Mr. Nash and their little girl in position . - Very good . [ Door Opens ] Well , this is an honor . Murderers have no honor . No , no , no . Meeting you . I mean , my God , you 're Jarod . Didn 't have much chance to talk on the plane , By the way , I owe you for some great , great flying . - Thought I was toast , - Where 's the bomb ? You know where the bomb is , otherwise you wouldn 't be here . Now , that said , I 'm leaving , - I don 't live , I don 't get paid . - You 're not going anywhere . Was it good seeing your dad again ? I mean , you just beat me to him . But , hey , he 's now out there again ... and it kind of keeps me in business , you know what I mean ? Business ? I 'm a finder . Missing families are kind of my niche . And yours is a full-time job , brother . What are you getting at ? Well , just that occasionally Mr. Lyle ... will , uh , pay me for special projects , Take your sister , Emily , for example , What do you know about my sister ? That she adores yellow tulips , she hates cruelty to animals ... she 's smart , she 's funny ... she 's tortured by the tragedies of her family , and that she has the cutest little tattoo just above her - Uh-uh-uh ! Her last known address is in here . There might even be some tidbits about dear old Mom too , Shame to see it all go poof , There may be time for you to save that family upstairs ... maybe even time for you to save this family in here . But you do not get me in the package . I 'll see you on down the road , No , No ! [ Grunts ] We 'll have a better chance of catching Jarod if we split up , You three take the interior , and I 'll cover outside . Fine . Can I see my husband and daughter now ? Soon . Very soon , ma 'am . Very soon , ma 'am . - [ Rings ] - Oh , excuse me . This is Timson . Yes , sir , Absolutely , sir , If I 'm not back in , uh , five minutes ... go ahead and bring in Nash and the girl . - It won 't be long now , ma 'am . - Thanks . - Sure . - Oh , there you are . What the hell are you doing here ? I just came from Inspector Wocheck 's office . He suspects there 's a contract out on Mrs. Nash 's life ... and they think the hitter might be within the D.O.E. Ah . Uh , Blaine , you and Jarod here keep watch . I 'm going out to the mobile unit to contact the inspector , - I can save you that trip , sir . - No , I gotta go . I nspector Wocheck is gonna call me on this cell phone at 12 : 00 sharp . - That 's only a few minutes away . - I have to review the placement of my agent perimeters . - You can use my walkie , sir , - I don 't want to use your damn walkie ! Speak when you 're spoken to , Agent , Excuse me , Is there something the matter ? - No . - You seem like you 're in a hurry to get somewhere . - What the hell 's wrong with this thing ? - Nothing . It 's just , uh - Well , it 's , uh-it 's locked , - Open it . - What 's the rush ? Open the damn door ! Now ! I-I don 't understand . I - What 's the problem ? The problem is , if you don 't open the door , we 're gonna blow up , you idiot ! - Oh , my God . - Oh , you mean this thing I found is a bomb ? - [ Beeping ] - Do something ! - Kaboom ! - [ Screams ] I find it interesting that you knew there was a bomb in the building ... but you didn 't bother to tell anybody . You were going to allow an innocent family to die - and your own men - in an explosion . And for what ? Agent Blaine ? Get him out of here . It would be my pleasure , Jarod . I think you 're here to see some special people . Yeah . [ Gasps ] Oh , my baby ! [ Jarod ] There 's a brown sedan in the parking lot , Here 's all the information you need to start your new life . You 'll be safe . I promise you . - But - But who are you ? - No , it 's all right . We can trust him . Oh , Jarod , I hope that one day you and your family can feel this moment too . [ Kisses , Chuckles ] - Good luck . - Bye . - Parker . - Our work 's done here . What , he got away ? How ? You shouldn 't underestimate Jarod . Mm-mmm . And you should never underestimate me . And the next time that you send me into a building that 's gonna explode ... it had better blow ... because if it doesn 't , it 's gonna be your gray matter ... they 'll be mopping up with a toothbrush . By the way , Jarod left you something . [ Mr , Parker On Answering Machine ] Oh , my angel , God , I 'm sorry I missed you . I wanted to hear your voice . Needed to . Now , if you don 't hear from me , don 't you worry , Brigitte and I are safe , At least I think I am , It 's always when you think you are , that 's when you 're the most vulnerable , Now , don 't you make the same mistake I did , Now , don 't expose the soft underbelly , They target that , No , no , no , You catch Jarod and never , ever let him go , Damn it ! He 's the key , He 's the only key , Always has been , And there 's one last thing - [ Sighs ] 'Cause I know you 're tough , I 'm not worried , You watch your back at the Centre , Nobody 's what they seem to be , There 's no soul in that place - not one - that you can trust ... with the possible exception of your brother , [ Chattering ] Who the hell are you ? My name is Jarod . Have you seen this woman ? - Like I said , who the hell are you ? - I 'm her brother . Damn , She 's gonna be sorry she missed you , but she just left today , She wouldn 't say where . Sort of like she thought someone was followin ' her . Sweet girl . - Was she alone ? - Yeah , but she didn 't want to be . She was searchin ' for her family . Said she was determined to find them . Like I said ... she 'd be sorry if she knew she missed you . Yeah . [ Electricity Crackling ] [ Rings ] What ? At least we put one family back together . - While mine got ripped apart again . - I know the feeling . You know , Jarod , maybe Lyle 's right . Maybe the world is changing . It doesn 't seem to matter how much it changes . It 's still the same for us . We 're still alone in it .
