 God said unto Moses : " Thou shalt not make unto thyself any graven image for I , the Lord thy God , am a jealous God . " So I ask thee yet again , Sarah Browning is this graven image thine ? - No . - Then why would William Woodson with his dying breath swear to me that it was thee who sold it to him for this ? Sold it ? I never did such a thing . Do not lie . You have been consorting with papists . Having given yourself body and soul to these forces of darkness you must confess . You know I am no witch . Tell them . As God is my witness , I never saw this cross in my life . - No , Mother , please ! Tell them ! - Abigail , we must be quiet . My sister 's innocent ! Silence the child ! That is for God to decide . I curse thee and thine , Josiah Blood . Damn thee unto the 13th generation . Whatever my fate , so be theirs . Immerse her . If she lives , she 's a witch . If she drowns , then ' tis God 's will . And may God have mercy on her soul . No ! No ! What is meant to be is meant to be . Oh , my God . Let us thank God for this deliverance from evil . Let us pray . God is our strength and our savior . He leadeth us through troubled waters giving refuge from the storm ... Since the beginning oh time mankind has existed between the world oh light and the world oh darkness . Our secret society has been here horever protecting others hrom the creatures who inhabit the shadows and the night . Known only to the initiated by our true name The Legacy . " Having found a cross , I did confront her . And though she did deny it , we put her to the test . Sarah Browning did drown as a witch in Hellsgate Pond this , the 15th day of March , 1696 . God 's will be done . " It has been more than 300 years since these words were written and still they read like signposts to the past guiding us through the depths of the Puritan mind at a time when witchcraft was seen as real . Thus , we must conclude the witch trials were not trials but public executions . Born of ignorance and fear in an age of rampant superstition . Thank you . Thank you . Well , I 'm sure I speak for all of us in thanking Dr. Rayne for sharing the journal of Josiah Blood and the Luna Foundation for its generous support . I think we have time for one more question . - Professor Slater ? - Cora ? Recently , some bone fragments were recovered from the pond . Is there any chance they could be from the body of Sarah Browning ? It 's an interesting possibility . However , hundreds of bones have been recovered . We 've been asked to help to date and identify them if possible . But as yet we have no definitive answers . Suppose the bones turn out to be hundreds of years old . How can you identify them ? Since the breakthroughs at Berkeley in the ' 80s , we have the tools . Coding present in each bone 's DNA . Today it 's possible to trace a family history for centuries just using genetic sequencing . Again , I 'd like to thank Dr. Rayne for taking time to come and speak to us . Okay , that 's it . Remember , paper topics next class , huh ? - Shall we go to my office ? - Yeah . You 'll have to excuse the mess but this whole pond-preservation project has taken on a life of its own . You have no idea how much pressure there is in the community to just fill it in and develop it . Well , crusades are never easy . How about Josiah Blood 's family tree ? There must be a few descendants willing to help preserve the pond . Probably , but genealogies take time . Let me talk to the Luna Foundation . Maybe we can give you a hand . Well , thanks . God knows , we need it . Meanwhile , since you 're gonna be in town for the rest of the week is it too bold of me to ask if I could make a photographic copy of Blood 's journal for the archive ? Never leave my hands . I 'd do all the work myself . - Of course . - Excellent . Where are you off to now ? Well , actually , I thought I 'd drive down to the pond . - Care to come along ? - I 'm tied up in meetings all day . - Thanks . - Bye-bye , Jordan . - Beautiful spot . - Beg pardon ? Oh , hi . - I didn 't mean to interrupt . - No , please . I come here all the time . I 'm doing a photographic study of the pond as part of my senior thesis . That 's why you were so interested in the bones . Well , I grew up with it . Just over the hill , New Haverford . My family 's been here since before the Revolution . They say it 's haunted . Yeah , by the ghosts of the witches who died here . Beneath still waters lurking there Let all who pass this way beware - You know it ? - Oh , yes . " Elegy Beside Still Water " by Edward Clare . It 's one of my favorites . I used to think he must have written it right here . - Right on this very spot . - Well , it 's possible . - You okay ? - Yeah , fine . There is something embedded . - A crucifix . - That 's strange , to find it here . " And so , having found the cross I did confront her . " Very good . You remembered from the journal . It reminded me of a passage in one of the letters my grandmother gave me . - What sort of letters ? - Mostly family . My grandmother collected them . She left them to me . I thought Puritans didn 't believe in things like that . They didn 't . It would have been considered against God 's law . - A graven image . - Just like a photograph . Careful . Some primitive cultures still believe photographs steal your soul . Only if the photographer 's good enough . Well , time to get back to campus . - Nice talking with you . - Yeah . Examining these bone samples well , I would say that they are the same . Yeah , look . Compare the pattern here to the pattern here and the sequencing 's identical . - Where 'd they come from ? - Some pond in Boston . Derek said they 're gonna fill it or develop it unless we can prove some kind of historical value . If we connect these to a genealogy , we can show its historical significance . He 's even asked us to draw up a genealogy for Josiah Blood . Sounds pretty ambitious . Anyway , given the DNA match I would say that what you have here are two bones from the same body or at the very least , bones from members of the same family . Well , we agree so far . I was beginning to think the forensic software was fried . - How many samples did you test ? - A dozen . They all had the same genetic pattern ? Yep . The bones connect with what we 've gleaned from Blood 's journal about the woman killed in the pond . Interesting . However , your sample 's still too small . - You can 't jump to any conclusions . - You 're probably right . - Thanks for the second opinion . - Anytime . I gotta go , though . I 've got an appointment with a patient who thinks he 's the mother of God . - " He " ? I really can 't talk about it . How do you actually deal with somebody like that ? Be direct . Role play . Try to draw him out , just whatever it takes as long as he eventually faces his psychosis . Well , give him ... Or her . - My regards . Damn thee ! Damn thee ! - Hi . - Oh , hi . Doing a little postgraduate study ? Actually , I 'm trying to date this crucifix . Any luck ? Yes , actually . " One of the many such crucifixes cast by the silversmith William Terry for the archbishop of Canterbury , circa 1670 . " Probably thrown into Hellsgate by Josiah Blood or a follower as an act of faith . - Another unchristian act . Much done in the name of Christ is less than Christian . But does invoking Christ 's name make it right ? No . Just the darker side of human nature . Remember the day you found the crucifix and I was taking pictures ? Well , that night , when I went to develop the film something happened . Well , sometimes when you work in a darkroom , you lose track of time but this was different . It was more like a dream . Describe it . Well , there was a ... A strange man an old silver coin ... I really couldn 't see it but as soon as he touched it , he started to strangle . It was horrible . But what makes you think it was more than just a bad dream ? This . The clipping is from this morning 's newspaper . But it 's the photo that doesn 't make sense . If I took it , I don 't know when , but it 's the same man . What are you saying ? You think you witnessed or caused his death ? I don 't know . I mean , I felt like he was running from me . - But that 's not possible , is it ? - Anything is possible . Let me look into it , and I 'll let you know . Thank you . I 've gotta get to class . Call me ? Detective Longbow ? - You 've found him . - Interesting name . Iroquois . I 'm the original Boston brave . You got a problem ? I understand you are the investigating officer on the Brian Chang case . If you say so . Businessman found dead in an alley south of Beacon Hill . Heart attack , three nights ago , right ? - Who are you ? - My name is Derek Rayne . " Dr. Derek Rayne . " What kind of doctor ? Biological anthropology , but I specialize in forensics . If you need a reference , call Robert Jaycox . The police commissioner . - Was this Chang a friend of yours ? - No . Just saw the article in the paper . Did you happen to find a coin near the body ? Coin ? What kind of coin ? I 'm not sure . Since the article didn 't mention it . Then how do you know one exists ? Well , if it didn 't , you would have already said so . So much for lunch . Three nights ago , this Chang 's in town on business . He goes to his car and he drops dead . No signs of foul play and no witnesses . - What does the coroner say ? - Congestive heart failure . A heart attack is not murder . We found this in his hand . A silver shilling . Dated 1696 . - In mint condition . - So they tell me . - Who told you ? - A friend . - Not good enough . I need a name . - I 'm sorry , it 's confidential . So is this . Three more bodies over the past six weeks . Same m.o. Ask your friend to think about it . - Kind of late for a run . - Once a SEAL , always a SEAL . Old habits die hard . Hey , what 's your excuse ? I just need a break from Josiah Blood 's family tree . It 's taken three days just to get to 1800 . Well , I 'm ready to call it a night . - When is Derek due back ? - Six a.m. Redeye from Boston . - See you . - Excuse me , ma 'am . Dr. Rayne is on the line . Thank you , Dominick . Hey , Derek . I thought you were supposed to be on a plane . I need to stay here a few extra days . - Is there anything I can do to help ? - Well , maybe . The police have a couple of unexplained deaths that need looking into . - Do they have any suspects ? - Not yet . But there 's a woman experiencing chronic memory loss who 's afraid she may have done it . Well , what makes her think she 's responsible ? She can describe one of the murders but doesn 't know where the information came from . Sounds like a dissociative disorder , possibly a fugue state but , well , it 's hard to tell without actually seeing her . Listen , is she under any specihic stress ? Possibly , but I 'm not sure . - Want me to hly in ? - Not yet . Let me see how it goes . Okay . But be careful . If she 's going through personality disintegration , then she might try ... - ... to wrap you into her problems . - I 'll keep it in mind . Okay . And , Derek ? Get some sleep . Yeah . Good night . Hi . You 're early , I thought ... I 'm just on my way to my 3 : 00 . I thought you didn 't need the darkroom till tonight . Working late sometimes gets a little spooky . - Lf you don 't mind ... - No problem . - How 's the thesis coming ? - Slower than I 'd like . The work in the darkroom 's taking longer than I thought . Actually , I was wondering if I could get an extension . Sorry , rules are rules . No extensions , no exceptions . I tried to warn you , five hours in the darkroom can seem like five minutes . Anyway , don 't worry about it . You 'll see . It 'll all be worth it in the end . - Don 't forget to turn out the lights . - I won 't forget . Thanks . Damn thee ! You found this picture when you woke up ? Just like before . - Anything in the papers ? - Nothing , I checked every edition . There 's no mention of anyone dying who fits this description . Do you mind if I keep this ? - There 's someone I 'd like to show it to . - Of course . Why me ? I mean , what am I becoming ? I don 't know , but I 'm going to find out . Hey . Here 's the latest on that DNA . It 's a mess , I don 't know what to make of it . Lovely . No rest for the restless , huh ? That 's a pithy little slogan . Where 'd you get that , in the Navy ? How come you never wanna talk about that ? I don 't know . It just hasn 't come up . Funny , I dated a guy once , he was determined to become a SEAL . Took this guy three tries . Said it was the toughest thing he ever did in his life . But he 's still there . I thought that was the deal . If you were good enough , you stayed there the rest of your life . That 's the drill . You know , if you don 't wanna talk about this , we don 't have to . It 's not that I don 't wanna talk about it it 's just that I really don 't have that much to say . Your friend was right , though . The training was a bitch . You really gotta wanna be there to make it . Once you make it , you gotta believe in it to stay . - What does " it " mean ? - The boys the team , unit integrity . So , what happened ? SEALs are a covert operations unit . You drop in someplace you 're not supposed to be . Sometimes it 's hostage recovery , sometimes it 's recon surgical strikes . In our case they dropped us into the jungle just south of the equator with orders to collect a certain drug lord . Supposed to go 50 klicks upriver to this villa , grab the guy and get out . The team I 'd been assigned to was together five years before Desert Storm . The team leader , Richter , just loved to tell me in detail how the guy I was replacing had died there . Some people really get their kicks in strange ways , huh ? So I was on point . I was still pretty green then , and that 's where they put the new guy . I was scared shitless , you know ? It 's night , crawling around in the jungle . Every sound makes you jump . They hit us just before dawn . Three helicopter gunships just lit up the jungle behind me . It happened so fast . You know , I couldn 't have been more than 500 yards away . By the time I got back all there were was bodies . And you 're the only one who survived ? It 's ironic , huh ? I mean , you take the point thinking that you 're gonna die and you 're the only guy who survives . Except I don 't think I was alone . I did a body count , and Richter 's body was missing . You think he betrayed you ? When I got back stateside , they listed him as MIA . Later , I heard rumors about a renegade American . I tried to get reassigned , go back in but a lot of red tape , just never happened . So you never reenlisted . You go into combat you 've gotta believe in the guy covering your back . I just didn 't believe anymore . I guess I had more to say than I thought . Well , whenever you feel like not talking , I 'll be listening . Thanks . Hey , Nick . I guess you know but I 'm real glad that you 're the one who 's watching my back . - Where did you find the body ? - What body ? This one . You got me . Never seen it before . - Happened last night . - Really ? Leave the photo with me . When a body shows up to match it , I 'll give you a shout . Did you talk to Robert Jaycox ? We don 't exactly move in the same circles . But I asked some questions . This Luna Foundation 's been around a while . You guys worked on the Boston Strangler case . - That 's right . - Yeah , well , don 't let it go to your head . Longbow . Yeah . I want the case files and all pictures on my desk in half an hour . That was the medical examiner . They found a woman 's body over bayside matched this description . Preliminary reports indicated the cause of death was a broken neck . When they found her clutching a silver shilling , they checked again . - Congestive heart failure . - Does that mean you need help ? No , it means , where did you get this picture ? I told you , it 's confidential . Wrong . See , I don 't care who your friends are or what club you belong to . I 've got a serial killer running around , and I need some answers . Even if it means I throw you in jail to get them . Go ahead , but it won 't stop the killings . - Well , what will ? - Access to the case files . And just a little cooperation , detective . - Oh , hey , Nick . - Hey . I 'm glad you 're here . Derek left a message . Something about cross-typing the tissue samples of the murder victims sent from Boston . What are you doing ? Apparently , the Boston police have been a little less than cooperative . - So the tissue samples just arrived . - Great . Meanwhile , you remember the bone fragments from Hellsgate Pond ? I just got the carbon dating back from the lab and I 'm checking it against the DNA . Something just doesn 't track . Well , no kidding . Chronologically , you 're all over the place right from the 1600s on to the present . And look at how many times the same DNA pattern repeats . - Eighty-three percent . - Ridiculous . Did you have the lab recheck the data ? Twice . It 's impossible . Yeah , it is , except that I did the work myself and the facts don 't lie . No , it means that more than four out of five of the victims who drowned in Hellsgate Pond in the last 300 years were related . Go figure . Jordan ? Damn thee . Damn thee . Damn thee ! Derek , what are you doing ? I thought you were in class . I was going to leave a note . I 'm sorry , I was just developing some film and sometimes in the dark , your imagination runs away with you . - Where 'd you find these ? - The shillings ? Hellsgate Pond , along with the bones . Found quite a few of them . Oh , I forgot . The journal of Josiah Blood . Thanks for letting me make a copy of it . I ran into a student of yours , Cora Richland . - She talked about some letters . - Yeah , dating back to the 1600s . One or two of them mention Blood . Very interesting . I 'm letting her store them here in the darkroom . She 's agreed to make photographic copies when she finishes her thesis . Do you think I could have a look at them ? I think you should ask her . I wouldn 't wanna show them to you without her permission , I 'd feel funny . - You understand . - Of course . So if I 'm still in town tomorrow , let 's get together . Right . So Josiah Blood was pretty prolific . How 's it coming ? It 's done . All I have to do is fax it to Boston . Great . We can send it to Derek along with these DNA gene sequences . - Where 'd you get these ? - Where ? Where do you think ? From the tissue samples Derek sent us of the Boston murder victims . What 's wrong ? - Well , I mean , this can 't be right . - Why not ? Because I 've been amplifying these same DNA sequences for two weeks . I mean , I could probably do it in my sleep . C , T , GGG , T , AA , TT , CCC , A. We 've gotta call Derek . Because we either have a serious bug in our system or somehow the dead bodies back in Boston are related to the bones from the pond . March 13 , 1759 . Dear Eloise : Thank you hor your letter oh the hirst . I realize how strange it must seem to learn oh an aunt you never knew you had . It 's been more than three score years since I saw my sister Sarah die . Yet even now , I cannot erase it hrom my memory . So I ask thee yet again , Sarah Browning is this graven image thine ? - No . - Do not lie . You have been consorting with papists . Having given yourself body and soul to these forces of darkness you must confess . The way she looked at me , I knew she was innocent . No one would listen . When Reverend Blood ordered them to lower her into the pond ... - ... I pleaded with my mother . - You know I am no witch . But she rehused to speak out . - Please ! Tell them ! - Abigail , we must be quiet ! In the end , my sister did curse them all unto the 13th generation . And it is my belieh that given the events that have since come to pass this curse still remains . Slater ? Professor Slater , you in there ? I called your office . They said you were out here . - What are you doing ? - Trying to humor my lieutenant . The coroner thinks someone 's been tampering with evidence . - In what way ? - He sent samples of the fluid they found in the lungs of those victims to the lab . They came back contaminated with pond water . - Pond water ? Yeah , so now he wants us to check every area pond on the chance that there 's a connection . Damn thee ! Wait ! Drop the coin ! Drop the coin ! Yeah , send paramedics to Hellsgate Pond . Now ! Well , it 's hard to say . They 're moving him now . Have you seen the genealogy ? Longbow is Josiah Blood 's descendant on his mother 's side . Thirteenth generation , like Brian Chang and all the other recent victims . But if the DNA matches the bones dredged up from Hellsgate Pond then that means they 're all related . - Right . What are we dealing with here ? An angry spirit that died before its time . Seeking revenge on the descendants of Josiah Blood . Exactly . - You got my message ? - Dr. Rayne , it 's happened again . I 've had another episode . - I know , I was here . - You were here ? - Oh , my God . - Yes , I saw it happen . Well , I don 't understand . Who 's doing this ? Well , that 's what we 're here to find out . I read your grandmother 's letters . You 're related to Sarah Browning the woman tried for witchcraft . - That 's right . - From her sister , Abigail . - Yes . - Professor Slater ? - Come to help us find the truth . Cora ? What are you doing here ? We were just discussing witchcraft . Witchcraft ? Here , today ? - You 're not suggesting Cora 's a witch ? - No . But three centuries ago , her ancestor , Sarah Browning was tried as one here at Hellsgate pond and drowned . - Don 't you mean murdered ? - Yes , murdered . What happened to Sarah Browning had nothing to do with justice . - Neither has what happened since . - Since ? What do you mean ? Almost all the bones found in the pond and all the heart-attack victims baffling the police have one common genetic link : Josiah Blood . So it was witchcraft . Well , that 's what we 've been misled to believe . But it 's not . Then what is it ? The spirit of Sarah Browning carrying out her curse . For 300 years ? You can 't be serious . - How ? - By waiting here beneath the waters of the pond and claiming the descendants of Josiah Blood when they came near . Only recently , with the pond threatened by development the spirit has become more aggressive . It needed a host whose body would allow it to leave the pond and search out its victims . Someone like you . - I beg your pardon ? - Our search of your genealogy show that you 're the 13th generation . You 're a direct descendant of Josiah Blood . The spirit could have killed you , invaded your body using it to kill again . No . Run , Cora , run ! - I can 't ! - You must stop ! - Never ! - Murder can never justify murder ! Be gone in God 's name ! You okay ? Then Professor Slater , he was just another victim ? Yeah . Like all the other descendants of Josiah Blood . I don 't understand . How can I be related to something so awful ? Because perhaps , in a strange way , we all are . What do you mean ? Man 's injustice to man doesn 't end with the passing of a single generation . Or 13 or 30 . It 's always there . We must never forget . Come . I 'll drive you home .
