 No ! I won 't listen to this for another moment ! I say unto ye ... - ... ye are the sons of Satan ! - How can you continue to preach ... - ... this nonsense ? - Hear the word of God . - I 'm leaving ! - Come back , my son . No ! It 's not the word of God . It 's not God 's will . It 's blasphemy , I tell you ! How long will you believe him ? How many more centuries will you wait ? Come back , my son ! Ezra . And would ye leave us , Brother Ezra ? would ye leave us now ? No . No ! No ! The London House has specifically requested your help . They deliver the documents in the morning . Great . The electrical discharge that I spotted on the piezo-map yesterday grew bigger overnight . Yeah , Nick , but what you 're looking at might be just a brush fire . Yeah , it 's possible , but take a look at this . Same area , 50 years ago , a boy said he saw his brother disappear along with an entire colony that supposedly never existed . Brother never turned up again . And you want to go looking for him now ? half a century later ? Why ? There 's more to it than that , right ? I 've got a file and the myths surrounding it . I 'd Iike to go have a look at it . AII right but I need you to help me with something else first . Hi , you 've reached the ohhice oh Rachel Corrigan . You know what to do ahter the beep , so do it . Rachel , this is Dr. Stone . I see you didn 't make your rounds today or yesterday . Are you all right ? Please call me . I spoke to her several times . Tried to . I 'm not sure I 'm getting through . well , I 'II give it a shot . I don 't know about taking her on something like this . well , if I thought it was going to be something substantial I wouldn 't recommend it . Might be what 's needed to get rachel back on her feet . And maybe with a little luck she 'II see how she can fit into The Legacy herself . AII right , your call , chief . I 'm supposed to believe this is all for some greater purpose ? It 's hard to live in the moment and analyze it at the same time . It could take weeks . It could take forever . Life doesn 't come with a guarantee . What , you get that off a T-shirt ? Look . You 're the psychiatrist here . I haven 't got the answers . But I can tell you this : You 're not the only one who 's had to face this kind of ugliness . Every one of us who 's a member of The Legacy has had their soul turned inside out at one point or another . And we 'd do it again because it 's the most important thing that we can do . What do you got to lose ? My life ? Maybe this will help you get it back . Looks like the Iast gas for a while . - Might as well top her up . - Oh , God . - What can I do you folks for ? - Oh , hey . - Is this Huntsford ? - Last I Iooked . well , we need a little gas and maybe some help . - What kind of help ? - You know Sammy MacAIIister ? Must be in his 50s now . His brother went missing here when they were just kids . Stories like that make nothing but trouble for us folks around here . I don 't worry my head with such nonsense . That all you want ? well , maybe you can tell me if I keep going up this road , where I 'II end up . well , it 's about 20 miles to the next valley but you won 't find nothing up there . almost no one ever goes that far up except hunters and you 're no hunter . I wanna test out my new hiking boots . Hey , you know , it might help a Iot if I knew more about what we 're looking for . What exactly does this piezo-dot on the map mean ? Something 's going on . It 's an anomalous emission of electrical energy . could mean something , could mean nothing . We just gotta check it out . - They teach you that as a Navy SEAL ? - Among other things . - Like what ? - How to kill people , quietly . - Very useful , I 'm sure . - Listen . Does that bridge turn up on your map ? No . Of those that kept faith to observe the vigil the Lord hath said : " Let no man doubt that no man may come into his kingdom who bears the taint of this unholy , sinful world . But those who see the light , yea may they inherit , one day , a world purged with God 's holy fire . " Greetings , friends . welcome to the New Eden . I am the Right Reverend Abraham Hawking . We get so few visitors here . I 'm afraid we may have forgotten how to behave . Not at all . You 've been very hospitable . Thanks . But it 's getting late and rachel and I wouldn 't want to impose any further . We 'd better get back . The world beyond is rife with turmoil , my friend . Satan strides in all his glory and everywhere men despair . well , it 's not really all that bad . Here , we await a world unsuIIied by man 's feeble attempts to tame the Lord 's own majestic kingdom . You must mean with things like knives and forks . Contrivances . These are nothing but contrivances . The devil has a thousand means to please and divert . So ... . well , how many of you live here ? only what you see . And where do you come from ? Many places . cornwall , Edinburgh , Boston . How long ago ? And how did you get here ? Eat what God has provided for you . A wagging tongue tells the devil 's tale . That 's right . We were just hiking and we heard your church bell . surely , you must acknowledge your steps were guided here by some unseen hand . Not an acorn falls without providence having played its part . well , this acorn did , Reverend . well , it 's a Iong walk back to the truck , so we 'd better get a move on . I 'm afraid I can 't allow you to do that . Excuse me ? These woods are dark and deep , my friend . clearly , there 's a storm a-brewing . Ye must stay here with us . For one night in the colony , I insist . well , that 's a very kind offer but I promised rachel I 'd have her back tonight with her daughter and all . well , that is a promise that must be left unkept . I think that 's up to rachel . But she 's already been told by Sister Esther . rachel ? Excuse me . - Are you okay with this ? - This is so weird . I guess we don 't have much of a choice , do we ? There 's always a choice . Did you at Ieast call The Legacy and tell them ? The cell phone isn 't working . I 'II make a call from that gas station . And call my place and tell emily to tell Kat I Iove her ... - ... and I 'II see her tomorrow . - No problem . - AII right , well , have a good snooze . - Yeah . - Night , Nick . - See you in the morning . Ye shall find your room at the top of the stairs . well , we 'II be leaving early in the morning , so if I don 't see you thanks for the hospitality . sleep well . Tomorrow shall attend to itself . What is the story ? How come I 'm locked in ? I needed to speak with you . And there is no glass in these windows . It 's freezing in here . Reverend says that seeing ourselves reflected would teach us vanity . Yeah , well ... - ... maybe he 's got a point . - tell me , please . How did you come here ? How did I come here ? We chartered a plane , flew to crystal Lake , drove up the mountain and when the road ran out , we hiked . But you were able to walk into the town ? - Yes . - And outside the town , the world is it still a desolate waste ? - Come again ? - The Messiah has not come yet ? The earth is still a barren battlefield filled with flame ? filled with misery ? Is that what your reverend is telling you ? Look , the ... . The world is not exactly peaceful but it 's hardly Armageddon out there either , and I ... . I mean , I Iive a perfectly ordinary life most of the time . His fate is in the hands of the reverend and the reverend says he will pass judgment on the morrow . No , no , that can 't be . Either your reverend is misinformed or eIse- - You must listen . There are only two days left . We 're here so the reverend may see if our time has come to inherit the earth . Okay , Sarah . calm down . What is gonna happen in the next two days ? If you and your friend are not gone by then- - But we 're gonna be gone . We 're gonna leave tomorrow morning . Sarah , you can come with us if you want . But how ? How do you mean to leave the colony ? Same way we came in . Over the bridge . I thought you knew a way . I must go . - He got out through the window . - Didn 't I tell ye to watch him ? Ye fools . Untie that . The devil 's minion . He 's over here ! This way ! rachel would have called her daughter last night . well , I 've been trying to get them on their phone all morning . - Do we have a location of the car ? - Yes . And I 've also been checking up on the newspaper story . Nick 's files show that there 's been a number of missing-person reports in that area , going back over 200 years . Is there any link with all the accounts ? well , that 's what 's weird . They seem to happen in well , 50-year cycles . What do you mean , cycles ? The disappearances seem to have happened every 50 years starting in 1 796 . Even the Nez Perce , the native tribe from that area ... - ... have stories about this place . - What kind of stories ? well , they talk about some mysterious plague a curse brought by settlers that swept through their tribe nearly wiping them out . AII right . Start packing . We leave in half an hour . And get in touch with philip . I need him to find out what happened in the late 1 700s ... - ... that could have triggered all this . - AII right . Let me guess . It 's a jail . What are you in for ? I was just- - - I was just- - - Out for a walk in the woods ? My brother warned me not to go . Guess he was right . How long you been here ? I walked into the town on the Iast day . Last day ? Of what ? - Before everything vanishes again . - Vanishes ? well , all I can tell you is that there 's no way across that bridge . No , you don 't understand . There 's no way out at all . Now that you 've brought your people here , when will you let them go ? Let them go ? Why , the gates are always open . I keep no one prisoner here . That 's not what they seem to think . Fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom . PsaIms 1 1 1 . But , Reverend it is not the Lord they fear . It 's you . Does the Iamb fear the shepherd ? Is it true what the pilgrim has said ? The world has not been scourged by fire ? It is true . The world goes on . Why would the reverend say it is so ? Why have we not come into the kingdom ? - You 'd have to ask the reverend that . - Perhaps she is sent from the devil . And how would they have breached our walls ? And why would the reverend have welcomed them so ? There is work to be done . Soon enough , the time of our vigil will be upon us . Direct your thoughts to that alone . else the reverend shall have cause to chastise you . The Lord has blessed me with all this . And you are indeed blessed , Reverend . But I really need to see my friend Nick now . The time of the vigil is almost upon us . In two more days we shall return to it and wait as if cradIed among the stars for the coming of the Messiah . - You paint a beautiful picture . - Watch your thumb , Jonah . But my friend Nick and I we can 't stay , you know . But stay ye must , rachel Corrigan . Just as the Lord once sent rachel , daughter of Laban to Jacob to bear him a son so I see now that he has sent you here to me . I am doing the Lord 's work , rachel . will ye fulfill your destiny , rachel as was prophesied in the Book of Genesis ? Or will ye bring upon yourself the wrath of the living God ? hello ? hello ? - help you , folks ? - Yes . We 're looking for these people . Something happen to them ? - We don 't know . Have you seen them ? - Maybe . - When ? - Yesterday . Said they 're investigating one of them old stories . Yes , they were . Any idea where they went from here ? Up the road to the next valley . Ain 't seen them since . Don 't expect to . - Why ? What makes you say that ? - The few people who go up there generally don 't come back this way . - Locked . - Yeah , but I can see their gear . Looks like they were planning to come back to get it . So why didn 't they ? Sarah , please , you have to tell me where my friend is . It 's over there , but don 't let anyone see you . Thank you . - Nick . - rachel . Get out of here . This whole town is a trap . You have no reason to be here . You touch me again , sister , and you 'II regret it . rachel , both of us in chains is not gonna work . Okay , you 're right . Look , Nick . If there 's a key to what 's going on , the reverend 's got it . I thought we were supposed to go in to get them . exactly . But let 's not make a false move . How did you know ? well , there 's a reason they went in and never came out . If it 's true what philip says , no one ever does . Your friend has offended against the Lord . Then why not let him go ? - It is not the Lord 's will . - I get it . You 're the only person who understands God 's will . Is that it ? The Lord speaks to me and to anyone who wishes to listen . Genesis 29 : 1 0 : And it came to pass when Jacob saw rachel the daughter of Laban , that Jacob went near and rolled the stone from the well 's mouth . rachel was beautiful and weII-favored . And Jacob loved rachel and said : I will serve thee for seven years for rachel , thy younger daughter . We have been patient . Biding our time , awaiting the coming of the new Messiah . But now the Lord has given me a sign . He has opened mine eyes . Then tell me , Reverend , what is it that you see ? That I have been chosen to seed the earth anew . When all the unrighteous have passed away then , Io , a new Adam shall arise and take to himself a new wife that they might people the earth anew . You flatter me , Reverend but these things take time . Time we do not have . The vigil begins tomorrow . What the almighty has decreed , no man may deny . Do not fear . The guards outside shall not disturb our congress . You were meant to be mine . Now and for eternity . No ! Ye shall be the new Eve ! - Reverend Hawking , we smell smoke ! - Because there is a fire , you fool ! This Reverend Hawking was some sort of religious zealot . Yeah , and a very powerful presence . If this really is the lost colony of New Eden and Nick and rachel found it ... . - I 've got to get in there . - We checked the entire perimeter . Once you 're in there , there is no way out . There 's always a way out . Let 's call philip and ask for more . hello in there . hold on . I got something to say that might mean something to you . My name 's Sam MacAIIister . It was my brother that got lost in these woods some 50 years ago . Those who would spread doubt yea I say unto ye that they are like the serpent coiled in the garden . They must be captured lest they infect the innocent . And they must be destroyed ! We must offer up such evil on a blazing pyre ! Yes . We must prove to the Lord that we shall not countenance it here ! Sarah ! God forgive me my sins and save you all from the Reverend Hawking . The ashes of corruption are as incense to the Lord . Mark well the path corruption treads . will ye follow me now on the path of righteousness ? You call this righteousness ? You are a sick , sadistic son of a bitch . Or ye will rise up tomorrow in a column of smoke and ash to the greater glory of the one true God . - You said you were gonna let me go . - In a manner of speaking , we are . Didn 't have time to attend to it when you strayed here on our last Sabbath , but today we do . And by nightfall , ye shall be like incense to the Lord . Ye must forgive me . This Sabbath , the sermon was unusually long . Many things must be spoken of before the time of the vigil . Have you reconsidered of what we spoke of yesterday ? Time is running short . This is what your god teaches you ? To subjugate , torture , kill ? How dare you presume to speak for the Lord ! What he wishes only I know ! You 've tricked these people into believing your lies . You 've imprisoned them here with your madness and your cruelty . But not me . I see you . What is it , Reverend , that you 've really done ? What terrible crime have you committed that these people have to pay ? If ye shall not create a new Eden then ye shall perish in the flames of perdition . You can 't go in there alone . alex , I need you here to help us out again . Ain 't you forgetting something ? I 'm the one with family in there . We 've all got family in there , Sam . And you do your brother no good if you 're captured too . We are ready for you now , friend . - What is this ? - glasses . spectacles . But how do you see through them ? What trick of the devil is this ? No ! No , this cannot be ! - Derek . Man , am I glad to see you . - Nick . rachel . Is that Hawking ? The one and only . Like rachel said , if there is a key to this mess , finding a way out it 'd be in his chamber . Let 's go . We gotta come up with something in a hurry . What 's this ? Why would he hide this ? When the guard saw his reflection in my mirrored glasses , he lost it . My children soon we shall sleep in the bosom of the Lord . - Amen . - But first we must cleanse ourselves ... - ... of all corruption . - Amen . The Lord demands no less of us . - Amen . - How would you know what the Lord demands ? Another visitor to our colony . I 'm afraid we shall have to detain you , my friend . Seize that man ! How could they do that , Reverend ? How could the dead take hold of the living ? This man is the devil 's emissary sent here to test our faith ! Then strike me down , Reverend . HurI the word of God at me here where I stand . Hundreds of years ago he brought you here to found a new utopia but while the reverend was off on a mountaintop you were all here dying of the plague . And if you don 't believe me , then look in this . Nature 's own glass . And see the truth . You 've been kept here long past your time . Your bodies have died . Your souls are due in heaven . Go there now . How can we get to heaven ? We have no power to leave the colony . You do , all of you . The power he holds over you is power you 've given him . You lied to us ! Your bondage here is over . - You 're free . - Free ? - It 's true . - Go . We 're free ? You 're free . You 're free ! Free ? You fools . I alone hold the keys to the kingdom ! AII of you ! AII of you ! I alone can take you to the Lord ! Come here often ? Oh , God , Nick . Without me , I say , ye shall never see the Lord ! fall down on your knees and beg for forgiveness ! This world is the devil 's domain ! - Esther . Esther , surely ... - Praise the Lord . ... ye shall not turn your back on me ! Let us not break faith ! I have bargained for you all ! I have bargained for eternity ! Eugene ? You haven 't changed a bit . Sam ? Is it you ? Remind me never to question your hunches . Are you all right ? I 'm cold and I 'm tired and every bone in my body aches . I had no idea this would become so dangerous . It was a terrible mistake . It sure was . You risked my Iife . - It was unconscionable . - But , Derek , look at me . I finally understand what you 've been talking about . Derek , I 've never ... . I 've never felt so alive . When I met you , I thought your place would be with us in The Legacy . Now I 'm certain of it . So am I. Have a look at this . I guess where Reverend Hawking 's gone , he won 't be needing this .
