 When you get done with those , don 't forget to go to the back to the Out of Circulation section . If they 're out of circulation , why do we have to recatalogue them ? Nobody 's read these books for 50 years . That 's not the answer I 'd expect from a member of the library club , Joseph . That 's not what I 'd expect from a member of the library club . What you looking at , Dawkins ? - Not much . - Oh , you 're very cool , Dawkins . With Mrs. Stickley sitting over there . Let 's see how cool you are later . You and those two losers you hang with . I hate your guts , Brad Rollins . " Minutes of the meeting of the Legerdemain Club . October 16 , 1966 . " I don 't believe this . Isn 't your dad gonna miss his keys ? He doesn 't leave for work until 8 . They 'll be back on his dresser drawer before he wakes up . Joe , this is a morgue , with , like , dead people . Yeah , I know . Come on , guys . Man . Gross . It 's okay . Man , I thought they 'd already be disassembled for us . There 's no way I 'm doing any sawing . Me neither . We shouldn 't have to . I know they keep parts around here somewhere . Come on , guys . Let 's get out of here . This is just the kind of stuff that got the Legerdemain Club banned . Hey , guys is this what we 're looking for ? Yeah . Okay . Oh , sick . Hurry , hurry , hurry . Okay . Thanks . Easy . Thanks . Okay . Okay . The book says we have to say it all together . Hand oh Glory , hand oh power Conjured in the witching hour Send thy warden here this night Let his hingers be my light - I 'm out of here . - No , no . Wait , wait . We gotta do this , you guys . I 'm tired of Brad Rollins and his goon buddies pushing us around and Mr. Klein trying to flunk us out of school . Come on . Now , say it together , okay ? Hand oh Glory , hand oh power Conjured in the witching hour Send thy warden here this night Let his hingers be my light Okay . Time to go . No way . Let 's go . Come on , Joe . Let 's get out of here . You 've reconsidered your options here , I hope . If you mean , have I given it more thought yes , I have . I still think it 's time for me to leave this house and go back to my work in my parish . I had a call this morning from your old friend Monsignor Grey . Two events in the last 24 hours have caused him to be very concerned . One of his faculty has gone missing . He asked if you would be able to help him . I 'm sure it was The Legacy he asked for and not me specifically . No , he asked for you . I know you 've just come to a very difficult decision , Philip but can you take this last task on ? Hey , guys . We need to talk . Did you get any sleep last night ? No , Artie , I didn 't . I slept with the lights on all night and a metal baseball bat in my hand . How about you , Joe ? Get any sleep ? - Slept like a baby . - What ? You got ice water in your veins ? What did you do with the hand ? Did you put it back in the jar or did you deep six it ? I took it . The instructions in the book said to keep it . - You took it ? - It 's in my locker . I 'm kidding . It 's a joke . Can 't you guys take a joke anymore ? No . Great . I can 't believe you got us into this , Joe . I thought you were leaving . What 's the word ? I told Derek I 'd go to St. Helena , see what 's happening at a school up there . It 's my last assignment . He thinks maybe I should come along for some backup . That 's what Derek thinks . What do you think , Nick ? I think that if strapping on holy water is your idea of preparing for this gig yeah , you need some help . Come on . I 'll drive . What 's the deal ? Where 's Mr. Klein ? Like you really miss him . He could blow himself up with his own nitrates , for all I care . Shut up . Hey , cool it . Someone 's coming . Mr. Klein , I 'm afraid , won 't be able to make it today so I 've been called in at very short notice to be his substitute . Mr. Warden . Warden as in " jailer . " I 'm sure that 's how you feel about most of your teachers . Previous classes have referred to me , with adoration , of course as the heavy hand of the law . Well , right , we 're here to discuss chemistry , yes ? The study of reaction , interaction . Sort of like life . Let 's pose a hypothesis . You . What 's your name ? Brad Rollins . All right , Brad . Would you mind stepping up to the board , please ? Are you all right ? Yeah . You should try to be more careful . Hello ? Tell me that isn 't the guy in the prayer . Tell me it 's a different word or it 's spelled differently or something . It was the same . This has got to be the biggest coincidence in the history of the world . It was him . What happened to Brad was no accident . Shut up , all right ? It 's a fluke . I mean , what else could it be ? Fate . Every action causes a reaction . The fundamental law of Newtonian physics . Well , you called upon me and I responded to your kind invitation . Well , I 'm overwhelmed by your enthusiasm . But now that I 'm here and I do intend to stay perhaps you 'd like to join a little after-school club that I 'm resurrecting . What sort of club ? It 's called the Legerdemain Club . You 've heard of it , I presume ? Yeah . Sort of . Do you know what it means ? Magic . Sleight of hand . And illusion . Now , doesn 't that sound interesting ? Yeah , sounds really cool but I got band practice every day . Yeah , and I have Chess Club . Library Society . Well , I 'm sorry to hear we have these scheduling conflicts but may I remind you of one thing ? Attendance in the Legerdemain Club is mandatory . Our chemistry teacher , Mr. Klein . This is his address . I 'd prefer you go there and see for yourselves and then tell me what conclusions you 've drawn . Have you had any other problems aside what happened with this one faculty member ? Well , yes , last night something else did happen . On the other side of town , at a teaching hospital run by our diocese . The connection being ? A pathology lab was broken into and vandalized . Burn marks and candle wax were found on the floor . Suggesting a ritual of some sort . Yes . It 's possible . That 's why I asked for your help , Philip . Maybe you should put your collar on . What for ? So we can ask the questions instead of answering them . Right this way , Father . - Thanks . - Thanks . I knew that collar was good for something . You 'll have to let me borrow it . What , so you can dodge past police lines ? Or have women throw themselves uncontrollably at your feet ? That was cold . Icy . What are these mysterious circumstances anyway ? The place looks like the maid just left . Or maybe the guy just decided to take an unannounced vacation . Philip ? In the name of God ... Now this isn 't so bad , is it ? Just a small , select group of like-minded people who see where life is sadly lacking in purpose and who take measures to remedy the situation . Then why are we called the Legerdemain Club ? That 's not what they were all about . How would you know what the club was all about ? All you know is what you read in that boy Higgins ' diary . You knew him ? Yes , sort of . He didn 't take instruction well . You do , Joseph . I 'm the living proof of that . So , what are we meeting for ? To get to know each other better . To ... What is it you say these days ? To bond . Well , if that 's all , then maybe I should go . - I know these guys well already ... - Quiet . You want what you don 't have , dream about what you 'll never achieve you fester with hatred against those who would block your path to happiness . I know what you truly want and I 'm here to help you get it . You want love . The passionate and carnal embrace of a young woman . You want good grades so you can go on to glorious careers . And you want revenge on Brad Rollins , for instance . The Legerdemain Club can deliver you to help you realize your most closely-held desires . Why do you want to do all this for us ? - I mean , what do you get out of it ? - Me ? We can worry about that later . For now let 's just say I enjoy helping young people . We 're planning a wonderful celebration for Friday night . Many of our teachers and their classes wrote sketches and presentations . Your school certainly seems to enjoy a close relationship with the community . Oh , yes . Many students have parents and grandparents in the area who attended St. A 's , as they call it . It 's been the focus of this community since its founding . I 'm a graduate myself . Class of ' 66 . School celebration . Friday night . Your Mr. Klein had been planning to participate , hadn 't he ? Do you think he 'll show ? I wouldn 't pin my hopes on that . But perhaps the Legerdemain Club can fill in for him . What with ? With sleight of hand , of course . People love the fantasy that magic brings them . Isn 't that right , Joseph ? - Goddamn it . - What happened ? - I 'm getting stung . - By what ? The wasps . Can 't you see them ? - Jeez . They 're all over the place . - I don 't see anything . They 're all over me ! Get them off ! Sometimes people get just what they deserve , Joseph . Oh , God ! Help , somebody ! I think the simplest way to explain your presence here is to say that you are special guests of the diocese . Mr. Warden . Any problems so far ? No problems at all , Monsignor . I was just offering a small tutorial to some of the boys in the class . Very considerate of you . Nick Boyle , Philip Callaghan . This is Samuel Warden . He 's substituting for our missing Mr. Klein . Subbing must be a difficult job . For some , but not for me . I enjoy it thoroughly . Please excuse me . I must spend time preparing tomorrow 's classwork . A pleasure to meet you both . Gentlemen . If you 'll excuse me . - I have to talk to someone . - Certainly . What the hell just happened ? You look like you left the planet . I felt something , Nick . It was incredible . That man he 's really ancient really powerful and totally evil . Somebody . Monsignor . Help me , please . Something 's happening to Brad . He 's been stung everywhere . Go to the office and dial 911 . Now ! Hang in there . The ambulance is on its way . What the hell happened to him ? I have no earthly idea . - Don 't start wigging on me now . - Man , you scared me to death . Oh , yeah ? I thought you were the one that wasn 't afraid of all this stuff . Look . I say we go to Monsignor 's office tomorrow and tell him everything . Yeah , and what would you tell him that he 'd believe ? That the new chemistry teacher is a demon that we summoned up ? You know , my dad told me once that when he went to Saint A 's the guy that started the club was a really weird teacher named Mr. Andrews . Yeah . I heard he hung himself in his attic . 101 Castanet Lane . - Come again ? - That 's where Andrews lived . This Higgins kid who stashed the diary in the stacks went there . - What for ? - Back in 1966 the Legerdemain Club met off-campus . Hey . Where are you going ? I 'm gonna see what 's there . If we don 't find out what happened to Higgins and the others last time we could end up the same way . One second I 'm shaking his hand and the next it 's like I 'm holding something wet and sticky and it 's encompassing my grasp . Did Warden notice what you 'd just experienced ? I can 't be sure . But yeah I think he did . Well , he 's listed as a state-certified teacher . The lieutenant in charge of Klein 's disappearance assured me that they 're following all leads . - How 's the boy ? - Nick 's at the hospital . The boy 's still in shock . The doctors have not been able to identify the cause of those welts nor have they been able to find any wasp stingers or traces of toxins . If this Warden is in league with the dark side there 's no telling how far his powers extend or what he 's planning to do with them . Are we having fun yet ? Not me . Come on , guys , let 's just get out of here . No . We stay . Are you out of your mind ? You 're totally certifiable , Dawkins . There 's nobody home . Let 's go . - No . - This is totally whacked . - I gotta find out what 's here . - Dawkins are you listening ? - What if somebody catches us ? - Just shut up , okay ? Come on , guys . This can 't be possible . No way . Make yourselves at home . May I offer you some lemonade ? I must tell you the good news . Not only has your Monsignor deigned to let us appear in the celebration he has also , perhaps in honor of the missing Mr. Klein given us the coveted last spot . The Legerdemain Club 's been banned from Saint A 's for over 30 years . A point well taken , so we will not be presented as such . We will simply be the Sophomore Chemistry Club . As you can see , your parts are quite easy to follow . I really don 't think I wanna do this . I 'm not asking you to think , Arthur . And you will do this . Did you know it was lemonade they used to poison Mr. Andrews ? Oh , please . In case you haven 't noticed , I 've been drinking from the same pitcher . Mr. Andrews wasn 't poisoned . He hanged himself in the attic of his house . You 've been listening to your parents for too long . Mr. Andrews , the revered founder of the original Legerdemain Club was accused of performing more than simple magic tricks . He was accused of performing black ... magic . But he was . Wasn 't he ? Performing black magic , I mean . You say Andrews was poisoned . Who did it ? And if he didn 't hang himself what happened to him ? And why are you living in Andrews ' old house ? You 're full of questions this evening , aren 't you , Joseph ? But as it 's a school night and I still have some household chores to perform you really all have to go now . Yeah . I told you this was a bad idea . Shut up . Time for your midnight snack . Please why are you doing this to me ? Who are you ? Terribly cold in here , isn 't it ? No , please . I 'll give you anything you want , if you let me go . I 'll do anything you want . Please for God 's sake , don 't close the door . God will give me the strength to help you heal your affliction . We 've gotta get to the bottom of this . I hope you 've got more in that bag of yours than just holy water . It 's gonna take all of that to stop this Warden . I was hoping I 'd see you this morning . Have you made any sense of any of these problems ? - We 're trying , Monsignor . - Tell me . Is what happened to the Rollins boy in any way connected ? Well , actually , I 'm afraid it is . Should we cancel the celebration ? Close the school ? - I can 't risk anyone else getting hurt . - No . For the moment , we leave everything as it is . I mean , we don 't want to create a panic , do we ? You 're right . I 've got some files here on Klein and Warden . Great , we should fax those to Alex from the car . Maybe she can dig something up . Klein was a chemistry teacher here for over 30 years . - Yeah , so ? - He was an assistant who replaced a Mr. Andrews . Andrews had a pretty good record going here . He even got an after-school group going called the Legerdemain Club . Sleight of hand ? Magic , huh ? Yeah . He died under cloudy circumstances . The school board even asked for the coroner 's report to avoid any later liability . Asphyxiation , complicated by trace toxins . Lovely , but what does it tell us ? I 'd say that being the chemistry teacher here at Saint A 's should come with danger pay . You see those three boys down there ? They were the ones that were coming out of Warden 's classroom . You don 't want to do what the script tells you to ? What do you think 's gonna happen to you then ? This guy 's a wacko . - I mean ... - Hey , cool it , guys . Cool it . Can I have a word with you guys ? My name is Philip Callaghan . I 'm here ... Well , you know . I 'm here to help out . Help out how ? Well , I was hoping you might be able to tell me . Or maybe you think the Legerdemain Club can handle anything that comes down the pike . Is that it ? Wait , mister . I don 't know what you 're talking about . That new teacher , Mr. Warden ? What 's he got planned for you guys ? Well he wants us to ... - To practice some card tricks . He 's showing us how to do a double shuffle . Yeah . We got work to do . Come on , guys . Hey , Dawkins , you coming ? Listen I know you and your friends are in big trouble . You 're in even bigger danger . You 've unleashed something that you can 't begin to comprehend . You need help . I 'm the only one who can help you . Period . Hey , Dawkins , you wanna get us all killed ? 705 Oak Street , 7 : 00 . I 've tapped into the state teacher files and you know what 's strange ? Warden 's there now , references and all but he was totally missing the day before he showed up at the school . Wanna know something else ? Warden 's listed address is the same as Andrews ' was . The chemistry teacher who died 30 years ago . What 's Warden 's first name ? Does it start , by any chance , with an S ? As a matter of fact , yeah . Samuel . Why ? It 's an anagram . Jumble the letters in " Andrews " and you get " S Warden " . So , what are you suggesting ? That Warden is Andrews come back from the dead ? How ? What I 'm more concerned with is why . - Which way 's Oak Street ? - Just straight ahead . If Derek 's right about this Warden or Andrews or whoever the hell he is he must have been summoned up . - What , by Legerdemain ? - Exactly , yeah . - Hey , hey , what did you turn for ? - I didn 't . Something 's got ahold of the wheel . Kill the ignition . Fasten your seatbelt , Father ? Oh , my God . Hang in there , Nick . " The Hand of Glory . " So you guys know what it is . Who are you guys , anyways ? Where did you come by this ? It 's a diary that belonged to a kid who was in the Legerdemain Club 30 years ago . You performed this ritual ? What is this Hand of Glory ? One of the most powerful occult rituals ever devised . It was first performed during the Dark Ages . - Lf done right ... - We did it right , that 's for sure . Me and Pete and Artie . It summons up a spirit called the Warden so-called because once you 've summoned him you become his prisoner . Welcome to my nightmare . Sure it was wise to send Joe on ahead to the show ? We had no other choice . The other kids are already there . If Joe didn 't show up Warden ... The Warden would know something was wrong . We want him to think everything is going exactly as he planned . Let 's see if we can find Klein . You really expect him to be here ? Hey , it 's worth a look , isn 't it ? The diary says Klein was the one who did Andrews in . Maybe Klein will know the way to finish off Warden too . Nice place . Well Klein was here . Great . And we just left Joe and the other two boys with the magician from hell . We gotta find the hand . And last but not least a presentation by the Sophomore Chemistry Club headed by our new substitute teacher Mr. Samuel Warden . Ladies and gentlemen . I stand before you tonight to speak not only of science but of belief . Do we believe what we see ? Can we trust to our own senses ? On the one hand we have logic and rationality , and on the other we have all the things we still cannot explain . What if it 's not in the kid 's locker ? It 's got to be there . The ancient Egyptians , for instance discovered the chemical secrets of embalming . Secrets of preservation that we do not understand to this day . But tonight in honor of this 75th anniversary celebration let us see , shall we if we can unravel this age-old mystery . Mummy ? Are you ready ? Mummies are like that . They love to keep secrets . You sure this is gonna work ? I have faith that it will , Nick . Oh , my . Perhaps we 're going about this in the wrong way . Shall we ask Mummy himself ? Help me . Why , it 's our own beloved and sorely missed Mr. Klein . Help me , someone . He 'll kill us all . Correct , Mr. Klein . Just as you , all of you , once killed me . Klein spiked my drink . The town fathers strung me up . And why ? Because some nasty little boy some brat named Higgins rattled on about Legerdemain . About my magic . Mr. Warden ! Please ! Bear with me . Sit down . Just do what he says . Please bear with me . This is what you might call a farewell performance . Only this time you 'll be the ones to bid the world farewell . Recite after me , my young friends . Hand oh Glory , hand oh power Hand oh Glory , hand oh power - Don 't do it . - I said recite ! - Hand oh Glory ... - End it now . Hand oh Glory , hand oh power - No , wait . - Conjured in the witching hour The Warden does his work this night Guided by the inhernal light Hand oh Glory , hand oh power Conjured in the witching hour The Warden 's work is all unhurled The Warden must depart this world And with each douse I thee conhound And dig thee deeper in the ground And with the last I thee command Return to hell without thy hand Word from the hospital is the boy 's fully recovered . Without you , no telling what could have happened . Yeah , well we do what we can . - Thank you . - God bless . - And you . Derek , thank you . - You 're welcome . - Nick . - Thank you . - God bless . Your friend the Monsignor is right . What you did , Philip wasn 't only extraordinary , it made a difference . Yes . I know . I hope you appreciate the fact that your presence in The Legacy is truly necessary . I realize that too . Maybe for the first time . Good . We can 't afford to lose you . For now , the battles I will fight must be those of a simple parish priest . You must accept that , Derek . All right , then . Don 't stay away too long . " Return to hell without thy hand " ? I made that up but I believed it . Keep the holy water handy . The collar it 's an undercover thing , huh ? You 're like a fed , right ? No , no . Nothing like that . I 'm just a priest . That 's it ? That 's it . Hey . You 're the coolest priest we 've ever met . Thank you kindly .
