 I didn 't mean to kill him . But I had to . I had to kill them all . There was no choice . But I know it 'll be all right because I will be forgiven . Tell me I will be forgiven . Tell me ! Yes . Everything will be forgiven . Betrayal , my anger , my desire . I had no purpose until he came into my life . What would you have done ? It was the only way . There was no other choice . I have to finish what I 've started , then everything will be made right . There is no other choice is there ? Is there ? There is no other choice . Showtime . Since the beginning oh time mankind has existed between the world oh light and the world oh darkness . Our secret society has been here horever protecting others hrom the creatures who inhabit the shadows and the night . Known only to the initiated by our true name The Legacy . I 'm happy to welcome you all to see the latest addition to the Winston Rayne Hall of Antiquities . My father would have been overwhelmed by this incredible piece . This suit of armor was sent to us by our friends in Paris . It was worn by Charles VII , who fought with Joan of Arc ... - I found it . - You sure ? - It 's like the picture . - Where is it ? In the library . But there are too many people around . Can we pull this off ? Maybe we should get out before they realize we forged these invitations . Stan , don 't freeze up on me , okay ? Just do your part , I 'll do mine . Thank you for coming this evening . Please feel free to stay as long as you like . Thank you . - Hello . A pleasure . - Very nice . Really up to you . - I just don 't know . - So they split ? Yeah . The emissary of the Paris House wanted to thank you again for your help . I wasn 't able to do much . Ladies and gentlemen , you can hear the alarm . You check the outside panel , I 'll check the kitchen . - Is there a fire ? - The alarm box is fried . Either it 's a systems overload or someone 's been messing around with it . It 's all right , everyone . False alarm . - Better look around , huh ? - Yeah . - I need another drink . - Another drink ? Get out of here , you drunk ! So ? It 's definitely the same . Let me see that letter . All the old man 's secrets right here . Devil-worshiping . I can 't believe our father was into this stuff . It 's disgusting . Yeah , but he was our father . Yeah , and he took off before you were born . - I don 't remember what he looked like . - Well I 'm glad Mom told us the truth about him before she died . You gotta admit , it 's kind of fascinating . I think it 's kind of sick . So now that we have this thing , what are we gonna do with it ? It 's supposed to have magical powers . Do you believe that ? What have we got to lose ? Okay . " I offer myself to be the vessel of the Dark Priest . Infuse me with your spirit so that you may again walk among us . " Maybe this isn 't such a good idea . If he did have some kind of power , it could get dangerous . What do you say we hawk this and all the rest of his crap Mom gave us and get on with our lives . What lives ? You know , bottom line , Stan , unless this medallion is magical or worth a lot of money we 're right back where we started , which is nowhere . I always find talking to you so uplifting . Tommy , if you 're gonna keep that thing , put it inside your shirt , okay ? Because it looks a little ridiculous . I find it difficult to believe that anyone would actually have the guts to try and steal something from here . Well , it doesn 't hurt to be on the safe side . Hold on . I spoke too soon . Here , give me a hand . " Infuse me with your spirit so that you may again walk among us . " Oh , my God ! Looks like somebody jimmied the lock with a knife or a screwdriver . - Obviously not a pro . - Do you know what 's missing ? A most unusual medallion that belonged to Levon Soltar . That freak who started the Church of the Black Mass in the ' 60s ? - Yes . - Well , what was it doing here ? Was The Legacy involved with him ? Good question . As I remember , he not only ran the church he was thought to be some kind of sorcerer . - Nice combination . - Yeah . Well , let 's see what we can dig up . I got you another . What 's the matter ? - You wouldn 't believe it . - Try me . Put that glass in the middle of the table . - What do you mean ? - Just put it down ! Okay . All right . Now watch . What the hell ... ? It 's for real . The medallion ? I can 't believe that . Let me try it . God ! - What 'd you do ? - The medallion 's mine . All right . Don 't do that again . What were you able to find ? He started as a magician on the carny circuit then founded the Church of the Black Mass in San Francisco . He called himself the Dark Priest . Yeah , Soltar claimed that he made a pact with Lucifer that gave him mystical powers . And in return , he promised he would pave the way on earth for the evil one . - That 's when he and his followers started secretly killing prominent people in the city . His plan was to create havoc so that the devil himself could stroll in and assume control . - Don 't forget the women . - What women ? There were rumors of ritual killings , always young women . Supposedly he cut their hearts out as offerings . Why is it that these animals always prey on the innocent ? I 'd love to just drop them all in a ring together and let them take out their sick fantasies on each other . Well , that would make one hell of a pay-per-view event . Are you okay ? - Everything all right ? - No , everything 's not all right . Soltar , Jones , Koresh . How do they happen ? What is it that is so twisted about our society that we put out people like this ? - Nick we deal with people like this every day . What 's eating you ? When I was growing up , I ... I had a cousin . Sandra . We were really tight . When she was 17 , she ... She got involved with this guy who was hooked up with this cult out of Eureka the Children of the Apocalypse . She moved up north with this guy and we never heard from her . Till one day , we got the call . She was found in a ravine . Barely alive raped , beaten , tortured . She never came out of coma and died two weeks later . Oh , God . Nick , I 'm sorry . That 's really terrible . Now , you see , that is the whole point ! This crap happens all the time . She was just one of thousands . I just don 't wanna stand around here and wait for it to happen again . You 're right . I wonder how long this was in our attic . Ever since our father died . I don 't believe you lugged a coffin around in broad daylight . Yeah . In this city , nobody even noticed . What a pit . - You sure about this ? - It 's perfect . - This place gives me the creeps . - We 've been drinking here for a year . Yeah , but that 's in the bar , not back here . It 'll be fine . Besides , where else would they let me do my show ? Oh , this will be perfect . What is it with you wanting to do a magic show , Tommy ? You 've got real magic , why don 't you make a million bucks appear ? That 's not the way it works . - Must have been his . - Why are you so obsessed with him ? He was our father , Stan . Our blood . Don 't you want to know what he was all about ? I mean , look at this stuff . You know what these are for ? I don 't wanna know . Just put that stuff away . - It 's our heritage . - No , it 's not . I don 't care if he was our father . I don 't wanna have anything to do with him or any of this stuff . But ... But don 't you feel it , the power , the energy ? It 's like he 's in the room with us . Tommy ? You okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Look , I gotta do some stuff , so I 'll just catch you back here tonight ? Alex and I have been able to identify all the guests except four . All right . That 's the wife of the curator of the de Young Museum . Probably not a cat burglar . Okay , how about him ? Jacob Meyers , cardiologist at Children 's Hospital . Okay , that leaves these two guys . Unfortunately , we haven 't got a clear shot of them . Oh , yeah . I remember the top one circulating around . But I thought he was a guest of Alex 's . I 've never seen him before . So they could be the ones we 're looking for , huh ? I 'll print out a hard copy and see what I come up with . Yeah . Need some help ? Sorry . Didn 't mean to scare you . It 's okay . You just looked like you needed a hand . No , I can manage . - It 's all right . - Thank ... It 's all right , it 's all right . You and I are gonna help each other become famous . Okay , thanks . - Any luck ? - No , the cops came up dry . The picture wasn 't clear enough to make a positive ID . I still don 't understand why anyone would wanna steal the medallion . Because supposedly Soltar imbued it with his powers before he died hoping that someday it would fall into the right hands and he could return to resume his work . Why didn 't you tell us this before ? It didn 't have a bearing on finding the people who took it . What do you mean , it didn 't have a bearing ? If the thieves thought they could bring Soltar back they could have been members of his church . You 're already checking the known Satanists in the city . All the ones we have in our database . You know , I don 't get you sometimes . We 're all on the same team here . We 're working our butts off to find these guys and you 're holding back information . That 's the tough part of my job . Sometimes it 's necessary . Well , do you have any other little gems that you 'd like to share with us while we 're all here ? Before he died , Soltar vowed to come back and get revenge on The Legacy . Was The Legacy responsible for his death ? About 30 years ago , Soltar kidnapped a young woman . The next day she turned up dead . He didn 't know that she was the daughter of the best friend of one of the members of this House . That member took it upon himself to track Soltar down , kill him driving a stake through his heart . The Legacy took the medallion and locked it away for safekeeping . I 'm glad to hear our forefathers did something worthwhile . Well , not our forefathers , Nick . Your father . Jonathan Boyle was the man who killed Levon Soltar . What are you doing in that ? It was his . A perfect fit . - Why are you wearing it ? - Tradition . This way he 'll be with me . Helping me , guiding me . So , what are you gonna do out there , you worked up any tricks ? Yeah . I 've got a few ideas . Why don 't you go get a drink while I get ready . Go ! - Okay , okay . Be nice , pal . - Turn it back on ! We got some special entertainment for you tonight . A magic show with some attitude . So sit back and get ready to be blown away . Yeah , right ! Nice spreads , man . What , you going to a wedding ? Nice penguin suit , buddy . Good evening . - Miss ... - Yes . ... would you take a card ? That 's it , look at it . Don 't show it to me . Put it back in the deck . - All right . - This is exciting . Aren 't you clever ? - Five of spades . - Not even close . Nine of diamonds . You suck ! Get off the stage , man ! All right . Hey , let 's ... We 'll try it again . Sir would you take a card ? Take a card . Memorize it and put it back in the deck . Your card will magically appear here . - Queen of hearts . - Two of clubs . Where 'd you get this clown ? Turn the music back on ! He blows , man . He 's gonna drive my customers away . - Loser . - Don 't go . Give me another chance . - Hey , I 'm out of here . - I said , don 't go ! Please take your seat . No wonder I couldn 't find your card . You were hiding it from me , weren 't you ? I think you have your friend 's card in there too . Let 's see it . Come on . I like that ! I like that ! And now for the grand finale . My lovely assistant . - Does he know what he 's doing ? - I sure hope so . A gift to seal the bond . He killed her . He totally killed her . - Oh , my God . - She 's dead . I know what you 're thinking . But it isn 't murder it 's magic ! It 's been 48 hours . Two women have died and we 're no closer to finding these guys . We may never find them . They could have left town or even the country . I just heard another woman 's body was found this morning . Coroner said she was killed sometime after midnight . Let me guess . Her heart was cut out like the other one ? Yeah . These killings started the same time that the medallion was stolen so either someone 's trying to revive Soltar 's cult and is using the medallion as some sort of holy relic , or ... Or the thieves managed to actually bring his spirit back and he 's terrorizing San Francisco again . Nothing like that old black magic . I can 't do this again ! I feel like there 's something growing in me . Something slowly taking over . But I was the one who held the sword plunged it into her heart and heard her screams . Felt her pain . But it wasn 't me ! I 'm not a murderer ! They 'll know that . Oh , this can 't be happening ! I can 't do this anymore ! " The latest sensation on the underground circuit . If you like magic and can take the sight of blood , this one 's for you . Midnight shows only . " Sounds like a fun night out on the town . So you always this crowded ? No , the place has really picked up the past few days . Everybody 's here to see the show , huh ? - You too ? - I hear this Davace is the real thing . I 've never seen anything like it . That 's his brother over there . Johnny , get me a towel . - Is he part of the show ? - No , he just paces a lot . - Nervous type , you know . - Yeah . The spirits are here tonight . That 's so cool ! And they are restless . Sometimes they are looking for love . Sometimes they are looking for vengeance . Because death does not always bring peace . Some spirits are taken too early . But embrace these spirits and welcome them back into our realm . Others are here to present themselves as tender offerings . These beautiful offerings are sent down from on high as a token of his desire to appease the fallen angel . And that angel , the angel of darkness gladly accepts these offerings and takes them unto himself . Hey . - You been here all night ? - Here and there . So I found our guys . Stan and Tom Davace , couple of local boys . A clean record , and they are currently unemployed . What would they want with the medallion ? There 's one thing I failed to mention . Their real father is a guy named Levon Soltar . Touché . How did you find them ? Well , I saw them last night up close and personal at this after-hours dive that Tom 's been performing at . He 's doing some of the most incredible magic I 've ever seen . - What kind of magic ? - Well , let 's put it this way I don 't think I 'd be hiring these guys for Kat 's next birthday party . They specialize in gore . He 's been able to tap into the power of the medallion ? Oh , there 's no question about it . See , there 's this . Third woman found murdered . Davace put her in an iron maiden . - Iron maiden ? I 've seen that trick . - Yeah , not like this , you haven 't . He slams the door shut , there 's a scream he opens the door and she 's disappeared . But there was blood on the spikes , and it looked real . So I made my way backstage to try and stop them but by the time I got there , he and his brother split . I talked to a waitress , she gave me their address I staked their place out . They never showed up . So this morning I popped the apartment door the place was completely cleaned out . So , what do we do now ? I 'm gonna go back to the bar and see if the bartender 's got any information . - I think he can use some company . - My thoughts exactly . Come on ! Move it ! God , Nick , you 're gonna get us killed . It 's time to make things right . Revenge and then chaos . - Who are you talking to ? - No one . - You don 't look so good , Tommy . - I 'm fine . Okay . Tommy , I need to ask you something . Where do those women from the act come from ? The city 's full of beautiful women . Where do they go when they disappear ? A place where they belong . I was reading they found another dead woman . Same deal , heart cut out . Tell me you 're not butchering those women . Forget them . Let 's go . Someone 's coming . What are you talking about ? Don 't get in my way , Stan . - How you doing ? - Not bad , man . What 'd you think of the show last night ? Yeah , I wanted to talk to Tom . You know where he 's hanging out these days ? Yeah , the last couple of days , him and Stan been crashing in the backroom . - Oh , great , is he there now ? - I don 't know . There 's a back door they use . I don 't keep track . - Go on back . - Thanks . They may be running on us . Nick , what are you doing ? ! - What the hell 's going on ? - Sorry , it 's my friend ... - Get out of here ! - Sorry . Freaks . I knew it . They say they 're from the Luna Foundation . That 's just a cover . A cover ? For what ? It 's not important . - It 's time to remove them . - Remove them ? What do you mean ? - Kill them , Stan . - You 're kidding , right ? I 'm not gonna let you . You can 't kill these people . Get out of my way ! I didn 't mean to kill him . But I had to . I had to kill them all . There was no choice . But I know it 'll be all right because I will be forgiven . Tell me I will be forgiven . Tell me ! Yes . Everything will be forgiven . My betrayal , my anger , my desire . I had no purpose until he came into my life . What would you have done ? It was the only way . There was no other choice . I have to finish what I started , and then everything will be made right . There 's no other choice is there ? There 's no other choice . Showtime . Alex and Rachel are on their way to the coroner to look at the body of the latest victim . I can 't wait for Davace to kill again . I 'm going back to that club . Why ? So you can shoot up some more maybe kill a real person this time ? - Lf it 's Davace , he 's a dead man . - Nick , you can 't go off like this . - Try and stop me . What about your military training ? Planning , waiting for the moment to strike ? The moment is now , before another innocent person is carved up . You can 't function when your head is clouded with anger and revenge . I function just fine . After all these years , it 's good to be back . Levon Soltar . The Legacy . This very island , which so long has been awash in rectitude will become the haven for my new flock . Over my dead body . It was your father who killed me . Sweet irony . This house and everything in it will be destroyed leaving behind only the hollow echoes of your pitiful existence . Tom ! Stan . - I thought you ... - You thought I was dead ? You should have stayed away , Stan . Now you 'll have to die with the rest . Fight him ! Don 't let him take you over ! Tommy 's gone . This body is merely a vessel . He 's there . I can feel him . - Don 't do it , Tom , he 's your brother ! - My brother 's the Dark Prince . Don 't give in to him , Tom ! Nick , the spear ! Let his will be done ! Now , Nick ! Stan . Stan , I 'm sorry . L ... I didn 't mean to hurt you . I know , Tommy . How could this have happened , here in our own house ? I promise you , we won 't make the same mistake twice . We should have destroyed the medallion years ago . I 'll make sure it will never see the light of day .
