 Hey , Sherry . This is Jensen . Miller and I are going out of radio range to check out that Chinatown leak . Personally , I think the guys around here are probably doing too many loads of laundry . Ten-hour , Jensen . - Sherry 's got a thing for me . - Oh , yeah . That must be why she avoids you like the plague , huh ? Let 's go . Come on . Wanna get tickets for Monday 's game ? No . I think I 'll pass . What is it with you ? You never wanna have any fun . I 'm a busy guy . Does that bother you ? Hey , what 's that ? Look at this . We 've got a crack in the casement here , huh ? It 's pretty small . It 's probably just auxiliary pressure off the main breach . Let 's give it a whack , anyway . What the hell . Check it out . What the hell is that stuff ? Bet you this junk sunk down here after that big one in 1906 . The latest tremors must have shaken it around a little . Oh , mama . I think I 've found me gold . Gold ? Looks like brass to me . Oh , come on . This could be worth something . It 's just ashes . No big deal . Just dump them right here . I 'm gonna come back here tomorrow , when I got more time . See what other stuff is down here . Knock yourself out . Come on . Let 's go . - Still no sign of a break . - It 's gotta be down here somewhere . I told you we should have taken that last turnoff . Shut up . Let 's split up here at this branch , okay ? I 'll meet you back here in 10 minutes . Hey , Miller ! There 's a woman running around down here . - What ? - A Chinese ... Jensen . Where are you ? Still looking . Come on , baby . Where 'd you go ? Since the beginning oh time mankind has existed between the world oh light and the world oh darkness . Our secret society has been here horever protecting others hrom the creatures who inhabit the shadows and the night . Known only to the initiated by our true name The Legacy . There is a nice lady . Let me give her a kiss . Come here with your finger and your hand . Bravo , bravo . Well , you certainly got him under control . You better hope so , or you 'll be missing a couple of fingers . No , don 't worry . Our little friend is quite harmless now . The toymaker 's spell is finally broken . Good morning . Luna Foundation . One moment , please . Dr. Rayne , it 's for you . Can you put it on the speakerphone ? - Derek Rayne . - Derek , old hriend . I trust your morning meeting has concluded with satishaction . Lee Tzin-Soong . We 've just finished , as if you didn 't already know . To what do I owe this honor ? There 's an article in today 's paper I 'd like to discuss with you . Well , maybe you could be a little bit more specific ? Alex . So good to hear your voice . Perhaps you may have overlooked the mysterious disappearance oh a city maintenance man in Chinatown . I did not , actually . I read in the Chronicle that the police were pursuing a couple of leads . But it 's not really up our alley . Oh , wait . Foolish me . I must assume , then that you are not aware oh the story coverage in our local Chinese paper ? No . I 'm afraid we missed that . Well I urge you to look at it . Then perhaps you 'll come and visit me at the Cultural Center . Bring up the Chinese edition . Okay , translating . Scanning for key phrases . Look at this . " The mysterious Chinese woman alluded to by the missing worker may very well have been a ghost . " A ghost ? This does call for a visit to the Chinese Cultural Center . Wait a minute . One reporter 's speculation that someone may have seen a ghost and you 're running out the door ? Well , Rachel , ordinarily this wouldn 't be a reasonable course of action . But then , you haven 't met Lee Tzin-Soong yet . I 've never been here before . It 's beautiful . Lee Tzin-Soong . It 's a pleasure to see you again . Oh , Derek . - Life is treating you well , I see ? - Yes , fine . I 'd like you to meet my colleague . Dr. Rachel Corrigan . What an honor finally to meet you . And delighted that we 're both working in Legacy . The honor is mine . Yes . Well ... So let 's see . In good health . But working far , far too hard , like your father . Let 's see this . - Have you been drinking my tea ? - On and off . Let me see your eye . More off than on . I 'll make a new batch of tea for you . - And you . - Lee Tzin-Soong . Dr. Corrigan . In excellent health . Fiery dragon horse energy . Thank you . Well , last night , as I was meditating I sensed that the feng shui of Chinatown was seriously disrupted by an unknown source . - The feng shui ? The spirit of place ? - Yes . The energy of an entire area . Derek . This is my granddaughter , Mei-Ling . She 's grown up , huh ? Mei-Ling ? Hello , Dr. Rayne . Dr. Rachel Corrigan . Thank you . I guess it 's been quite a while . It sure has . The last time I was home from college you and Grandfather were so tied up in your men 's business I don 't think you even remembered my presence in the room . Oh , no , I remember that day quite well . You were wearing a rose-print dress and a gardenia in your hair . That 's quite a remarkable memory . Mei-Ling has consented to take you to the tunnel site where you will begin your investigation . - Thank you . - Yeah . No problem . Miller , Jensen 's partner , drew this map of the tunnels for the reporter , Mo Quan . The bottom of this ladder puts you here . The two of them split up around here and Jensen disappeared about here . Great . Good luck , Dr. Rayne . It 's Derek . - Do you need a ride back ? - No , thanks . I 'll walk . It was great seeing you again , Derek . I look forward to hearing how this turns out . - Dr. Corrigan . - Hey , thanks a lot . So not quite the little girl you remember . It 's amazing . She 's turned out to be quite a young woman . Well , yeah . These things happen , you know . And a young woman with a crush on you , I 'd wager . Look at this place . Yeah . Let 's look at the map . Jensen and Miller must have split up over there . Right . The junction is 100 yards ahead . - Down there ? - Yeah . I don 't like this place . Hey , what 's this ? - A crack in ... - No , Derek , wait . Look . Look at this . These are fresh pick marks . Oh , you 're right . It 's loose . - Can you get this out ? - I 'll try . Derek , there 's stuff in there . Oh , my God . Look at that . Come on . What have we got here ? Look at this . What are they ? Pieces of wood ? - Chinese writing . - Look at that . What 's this ? Hurry up . Come on . Let 's go . I told you to stay down ! Don 't you know how to count to 100 ? Piece of cake . These people are pushovers . Three stores in three days . Beats working for a living . I think you 're lucky that old man didn 't know kung fu . I 'll give you kung fu . If he tries that with me , he gets two of these behind the ear . The funny thing about robbing that Chinese guy . A couple minutes after , I 'm hungry . What do you say we go get some ... ? What the hell ? These are funeral artifacts from the inner sanctum of the Temple of Azure Clouds . This is the insignia of the temple , the chop , on a nametag . How come I 've never heard of the Temple of Azure Clouds ? Well , it no longer exists . In 1906 , the earthquake completely destroyed it . Its location was lost to antiquity . But this is from 1895 . - Bad time for us . - Yeah . Chinese immigrants and railroad workers flocking to the city for work . They were treated with extreme prejudice . You 're very knowledgeable . Where have you been keeping her from me ? Last night , I was in my men 's club and a fellow member came up to me , Zhou Zhan . He said he was robbed by two persons . Today , he was interrogated by police who said they found the robbers ' car soaked with blood . How does that connect ? Well , Zhou Zhan did not talk to the police very much , but confided in me . He said he saw the two men murdered and carried away by a female kuei . - A kuei ? - A Chinese fox spirit . A ghost that kills . Yes . And if not stopped will kill again and again . Okay . This is where you found the funeral artifacts . Now for the city map . And we put them both together . That should give us the exact location of the inner sanctum 's vault . You 're looking at the 500th block of Mason and the intersection at Clay . - Excellent . One thing about ghosts , Chinese or otherwise they like revisiting their resting places . So you wanna go have a look ? Let 's go . Hey , Alex . Now that we 've got a time frame , have you found anything ? Alex ? Oh , God . This stuff is just so depressing . " An overwhelming outbreak of racial oppression . " " Claim jumping and massacres in the gold fields . " " Building the transcontinental railroad on the back of the coolie for slave wages . " And finally : " A total ban on Chinese immigrants and massive deportations . " I had an uncle who was hanged in the South around the same time . My great-grandmother told me about it . I couldn 't have been more than 6 or 7 maybe . She literally took me on her knee . She wanted me to know so that I would never forget . She told me of how they beat him . The things that they did to him . I can never get over how horrible it must have been for her . They made her watch her son being hanged and she was powerless to do anything about it . It just makes me feel like nothing has changed . Now , the temple will be spread out over this entire area and according to this overlay , the inner sanctum is this way . So the inner sanctum , is it like a mausoleum of sorts ? More like a holy place . Chinese Buddhism has very elaborate burial procedures to prepare for the transition into the next lifetime . I wish I believed in reincarnation . I 'd like to know if I was gonna get another shot at life . Yeah . Who wouldn 't ? Have a look at this . It looks like some kind of religious offering . The fox spirit has killed three times . Extremely vengeful , dangerous kuei . Mr. Lee , there must be something meaningful we can do to stop her . I think the urn is the key . But the Chinese characters are so small and damaged in the weather I can 't make them out . - Well , perhaps we can . The microlaser was able to pick up what we needed . These pictograms were on the urn . This is from the Temple of Azure Clouds . " Gao Ziyan her immortal soul has been clouded with evil and revenge . And her ashes have been ritually sealed to prevent her from returning to this world . " It 's strange that this urn was left behind . The fox spirit could have snatched it up if she didn 't want to be found . I agree . Don 't forget , the three corpses they were hung in such a precise manner . Could there be a connection between the victims ? Your friends were terrorized by two of them . The third one is obviously Jensen , that worker who disappeared . Jensen could 've been killed by the kuei for desecrating the vault and stealing this urn . The other two robbed and brutalized a local merchant . So the kuei , whose soul is clouded by evil and revenge is taking out her anger on people who prey on the Chinese . Okay . So if it 's a revenge motive , then I think the answer has to lay in history . Well , Alex , cross-index murders in Chinatown with the name of Gao Ziyan , starting in 1800 till 1899 . Well , that 's pretty broad . It 's gonna take some time . It 's getting late . I have to go too . Keep me up to date , please . Mei-Ling ? Maybe I ought to stay here . They may need my help . For more translations . That 's very kind . Why don 't we start from here ? May I come in ? Of course . - Are you comfortable ? - Absolutely . For an old house , it sure has cozy rooms . Yeah . Well Alex called it a night as well . She 'll get back to work in the morning . So that just leaves the two of us . Yeah . What shall we do ? I was wondering about the fox spirit . Business . The bedding and food Nick and I found in the alley struck me as unusual for a ghost . Not for a Chinese ghost . Chinese ghosts , having had a far different cultural life than their Western counterparts have a far different afterlife as well . I see . Chinese family relationships in life are extremely close . Is that so ? That closeness continues after death . They 've even been known to make love . Really ? Oh , yes . Even if the ghost is obviously somewhat older . For the Chinese , age is respected . It goes without saying that the old can teach the young many things . He said we would never meet him again . So Derek . How are things with you and Mei-Ling ? It doesn 't take a psychic to figure out what happened last night . There was enough afterglow at breakfast to light up the whole damn house . Well , I guess you could say things between us are very good . Very good . Here it is . An anti-Chinese riot ended with the lynching of three men on the same street , just over 100 years ago . The whole thing makes me sick . Oh , and keeping with the sentiment of the time no names were given . The victims were simply referred to as " three Chinamen . " - Any subsequent stories ? - One brief follow-up . No suspects arrested . Three men killed , and before the blood was dry it was yesterday 's news . Well , one thing 's for certain . Racially-motivated killings , hangings in the same street . That 's why Gao Ziyan 's ghost is out to kill . Well , think about it . This woman , this fox spirit we 're after she must have lost what ? A father , a brother a husband to a lynch mob ? Back then , she was helpless to do anything about it . Now she 's anything but . It still doesn 't make what she 's doing right . I 'm not saying it 's right , Derek , by no means . But I know in Gao Ziyan 's mind , it feels right to her . Alex . Well spoken . You made a great case in there . - Thanks . - Feels good , huh ? It does , actually . I think you even convinced Derek . - Really ? - Yeah , judging by his silence . He 's not one to back down from a fight , especially if he thinks he 's right . That 's certainly true of the Derek I know . Anger . It 's a good tool , great . It cuts through a lot of stuff . But , Alex , you gotta be careful . It 's a double-edged sword . You use it aimlessly , you 're gonna cut yourself . I hear you . But it sure felt good . Yeah . Hey . Copies of the Sai Gai Yat Po , newspapers , journals , diaries . I put out the word and this is the response . I 'll examine these to leave the two of you alone . He knows about last night , doesn 't he ? You know it 's next to impossible to keep a secret from my grandfather . He could read my face when I got home . So I told him we spent some time together . That 's one way of putting it . The proper Confucian way . He understood . - About what happened last night ... - Derek . No explanations are called for . In fact , nothing 's called for . But I feel I should at least ... To make anything more of it would be like , as Grandfather would say : " Putting legs on a snake . " Legs on a snake ? Too complicated . Not necessary . Oh , I see . If I didn 't mention it before , Derek you were wonderful for an old ghost . Wait ! I 've found what we 're looking for . Look ! We must move quickly , set the trap tonight . Because from what I 've been reading I 'm certain the fox spirit will kill again . These two men were cremated and buried with proper Buddhist ceremony . This man , Tang Hua , was not . He was buried in the pauper 's cemetery . And his young wife to be was Gao Ziyan . - The fox spirit ? - Without a doubt . Her family was opposed to her upcoming marriage and disowned her , just prior to the murders . According to this journal , the night after her fiancé was killed Gao Ziyan swore she wouldn 't rest until Tang Hua had a proper burial and " the blood of her killers flowed red in the streets . " Ultimately helpless with nowhere to turn for justice or comfort , she committed suicide . My God . So the fox spirit wants Tang Hua also buried with proper ceremony but she can 't do it all alone . Until her fiancé 's body is put to rest she will continue her angry , vengeful killing streak . So we need a Buddhist priest from 100 years back ? No . Traditions last for centuries . I can perform the ceremony . So first we have to find out where Tang Hua 's buried and then someone has to invite the kuei to the ceremony . She appeared above the temple ruins . And she will return there . She will kill again , unless we do something . Yes . So we 've got to move fast on two fronts . The old pauper 's cemetery is over here . So we split into two teams . Rachel , Mei-Ling with me to deal with the fox spirit . Alex , Nick and Mr. Lee to the cemetery to locate Tang Hua 's corpse . What do we do when we find it ? Cremate it . What is he saying ? He says that she was here and that she was very angry . She went over there , down into a culvert or a manhole and the ground was trembling very loudly . We have to get into the tunnels . No . No . No . We 've got our work cut out for us . There 's a whole mess of markers here . Here . Point your light on this . This is Tang Hua 's name in Chinese . You look for this . I 'm gonna go on ahead . You look around here . All right . Must have been some kind of seismic disturbances down here . The street vendor did say he heard some rumbling . Wait a minute . There 's light here . Derek , can you see in there ? Looks like candlelight . That 's it . Right here . Look . Looks like it to me . We found it ! Lee Tzin-Soong ! Lee Tzin-Soong ! Can I get some light down here ? Shouldn 't I go get him ? No . He 'll show up here sooner or later . We don 't need him yet . With two of us working , we 'll get done a little quicker . Got it . It 's some sort of altar . - You all right ? - Yeah . Man , this place is really fragile . My God . Look at this . The temple must have slipped down into this fissure in the earthquake . You all right , Mei-Ling ? Easy does it . - You go right , we go left . - Okay . Tell her we 're here to help . Tell her we understand what happened to her . It 's a terrible thing that happened to Tang Hua . What did you tell her ? I told her that we know that she wants a ceremony performed so that her and Tang Hua can be reunited and Grandfather was at the cemetery performing it . The ceremony will stop the killing . If she trusts us . - Oh , no . She 's going to the cemetery . - She wants to see for herself . Yeah ? Derek ? Have Lee Tzin-Soong perform the ceremony now . Go find Mr. Lee . He 's not here . We separated . Without Lee , she won 't trust you . You have to leave now . She 's coming . She 's already here . No . No . Be cool , Alex . She doesn 't know if she can trust us . She 's looking for Lee Tzin-Soong . Just take the light off of her , really slowly . You can trust me . I 'm here to help you . Easy , Alex . Nick , she knows I understand about her . She knows how I feel about this . I swear . We will give Tang Hua a proper burial . You have to let go . May the spirit of Tang Hua reenter in another life unburdened by the pains and sorrow of this world . May the ghost of Gao Ziyan be finally laid to rest . May the punishment she suffers for her deeds in another incarnation be followed by peace and reunion with the light .
