 Patti , Patti The hour is late Wake now and see your hate Patti , Patti Patti , Patti Patti , Patti The hour is late Wake now and see your hate Patti be good Patti be bad The body oh Patti Goes on the slab We bring to you The giht oh hire Create all you are And will desire The heart you hear Is not your own It belongs to us And us alone Yours will stop In the dark oh night And not beat again Until hirst light Patti . Stop her ! Since the beginning oh time mankind has existed between the world oh light and the world oh darkness . Our secret society has been here horever protecting others hrom the creatures who inhabit the shadows and the night . Known only to the initiated by our true name The Legacy . I asked for you on this case because you were once a student here . If this lawsuit is filed and the accusations as false as they are , become public how many parents do you think are gonna wait until the truth comes out ? Miss Merrick is the only teacher accused , right ? How long has she been at the school ? Over seven years , and I have complete confidence in her . In fact , I 've asked her to come by . Would you ask Constance to come in , please ? Right away , Miss Compton . You know , she 's done so much to help Patti blossom . This has really hurt her . It 's ... It 's unfair . Constance , this is Dr. Rachel Corrigan . - Thank you for helping us , doctor . - No problem . Part of me just wants to laugh at the absurdity of it all . But I guess it 's far too real , isn 't it ? These allegations are very serious . We need to spend some time together , Miss Merrick . - I wanna go over everything in detail . - Of course . I 'm getting the girls ready for their dance recital so if you wait until later this afternoon I could meet with you any time . - Fine . Dance recital . I think I had my first dance recital right here at Hampton , didn 't I ? Would you like to borrow this ? - May I ? - Oh , of course . It seems just like yesterday . Hi , Patti . I 'm Rachel . That 's heavy . That 's quite a bonk you got on your face . Pretty nightgown too . I got a little girl your age . Her name 's Katherine . You know what she tells me is the worst part about being stuck in bed ? You get too bored . So I brought this sandbox . I 've got a game we could play if you want to . It 's called How to Tell a Story Without Using Any Words . Have you ever played this game before ? Well , I guess I better go first , because I have , and I 'm pretty good at it . That 's pretty interesting . We could make that your school . Shall we pretend that 's your school ? Okay . There 's your school . Now it 's your turn . Hey , look at all those people . Who are they ? Are they your teachers ? Which one is Miss Merrick ? And how about Headmistress Compton , where 's she ? She 's not there ? And where are you ? Are you there ? Oh , yeah , of course . That 's you . It 's still your turn . What happens ? They take you somewhere ? Another place ? Another building ? There are monsters in this place ? Miss Merrick is a monster ? I 'm Monica Greer . I 'm Patti 's mother . Dr. Corrigan , I 'm Monica Greer . Have you seen my daughter Patti yet ? I was just with her . Did she talk to you ? Did she say anything ? The doctors don 't know what 's wrong , and I can 't even get her to talk to me . I don 't think she 's gonna talk to anybody . Not right now , not till she feels safe . She doesn 't know who to trust . But I 'm her mother . Well , to Patti , you sent her to Hampton School and something really bad happened there . She 's just trying to sort things out . I swear to God this is all something that my ex-husband set up . That son of a bitch is trying to take her away from me . And I am gonna do anything I can to stop him . I don 't wanna lose my daughter . Of course not . You just be with her . Don 't try to force her to do anything or say anything . You know , kids are pretty resilient . They can surprise you . Look at what somebody brought you . It 's a doll . Do you wanna play with it ? All right . I 'll just leave it over here for you . Patti , Patti Lying in her bed Say one word And you 'll be dead Okay , Patti . It 's okay . All right , honey . I got you . Come on , get this thing out of here now ! Come on , there you go . Okay . See , it 's going away . There it goes . You 're okay . You 're okay . That 's a good girl . There you go . So the doll is Sweet Cindy . Manufactured by Matlin Toys in Chicago . No batteries or moving parts . She 's a big seller , but she doesn 't move on her own . - I know what I saw . - Sure , but I couldn 't tell you why . " Thinking of you , your friends at Hampton School . " Seems innocent , but I could look into it . - Great . - I 'll check the database for Hampton School and come up with a history . I think that Patti was trying to tell me that she was taken somewhere under one of the school buildings . I seem to remember a tunnel . Why don 't you see if there 's any old building plans for this place and find out if there are any tunnels or passageways . Sure , I 'll check it out . Do you have any specific memories from , like , second or third grade ? - Yeah , I do . - Sure . Why ? Because I don 't . I mean , I spent several years there when I was a little kid and I haven 't got one specific memory that ... - That 's weird , isn 't it ? - Is there something you think you should remember ? Yeah , I think there is . I ... I think there is . And we could all see right away that Patti had great potential . She loved to learn . She was always asking questions . She would get moody because of what was happening between her parents but then she would get excited about something and nothing unusual happened that night except Patti running away . We still don 't know what frightened her . What about the other building ? - What other building ? - The building you took Patti to . We didn 't take Patti anywhere , Dr. Corrigan . Derek Rayne . No . I was expecting the call . I will be there . Yes , I 'll remember . - Oh , here 's that research ... - I 'm going to be gone for a while . - You 're leaving now ? - Yes . - But what about the ... ? - It will have to wait . - When will you be back ? - Later . - Is everything all right ? - Yes , I 'm fine , Alex . I 'm just fine , thank you for asking . Headlines and weather at the top oh the hour . And here 's the way things stand . Another terrorist bomb ignites the Middle East . Famine continues to ravage Uganda while the third typhoon in as many weeks decimates Japan . The FBI remains clueless as the worst serial killer ... Jan ? I heard you were looking for me ? It 's not safe for you here . I heard them . You 've been primed . What 's that ? You should turn the rope for them . Girls . - This is Rachel Corrigan . - Hi , Rachel . She was a student here once . And she needs to remember how to jump rope . Go ahead . Take it . How about you , can I use your end ? - Yeah , sure . - Okay . Cinderella , dressed in yellow Went upstairs to kiss some hella By mistake , she kissed a snake How many doctors did it take ? One , two , three We bring to you the giht oh hire Create all you are And will desire Cinderella Dressed in yellow Went upstairs To kiss a hella Belongs to us And us alone Yours will stop In the dark oh night And not beat again Until hirst light Girls . Everyone inside and wash up for lunch . And you should be leaving , if you know what I mean . Yeah , I ... I 'm not feeling well . Jumping rope is for young girls . Do you remember ? - She 's scared , isn 't she ? - Yes , she is . Somebody really scared her . She won 't tell anyone who . You mean , she won 't tell any adults . - That 's right . - I can understand that . You want her to tell me , don 't you ? Only if she wants to , honey . Hi . I 'm Kat . That 's with a " K. " This is for you . You saw some really bad stuff , didn 't you ? So did I. I saw an ancient Egyptian princess all wrapped up as a mummy . Do you know where Egypt is ? It 's in the Middle East . You know , where the people are always fighting ? She died there . She was murdered . But she came to visit me here in San Francisco . You want me to tell you what happened ? She told me who scared her . Who , sweetheart ? A wicked old witch . What have you got ? Constance Merrick , named in the abuse suit . Vassar , Phi Beta Kappa , impeccable credentials . Spotless record . Squeaky clean . But she knows something . Lorraine Compton took over the Hampton school in the ' 60s from the Mount Carmel nuns . She 's recognized as an early childhood-development specialist . - Not even a parking ticket . - Patti told Kat that this witch or whatever was really old . She had long , gray , thin hair , and her face was rotten . And a nasty disposition too ? But all the teachers are in their 20s or 30s . And Lorraine Compton , I mean , she 's probably 60 but she looks 20 years younger . And Patti told me she wasn 't involved . - Did you meet everyone ? - Yeah , I think I have . But something 's going on here , I can feel it . There is something going on at that school , and we are gonna ... - Wait a minute . You all right ? - Yeah , I 'm ... Yeah , fine . It 's ... What else ? I 'll have a run at the database check any students who attended the school flag anything unusual . - That 's good . And we can even track the witch idea . Good . Pull out anything that resembles black magic . - Like tomorrow . - What 's tomorrow ? It 's the summer solstice . It 's the most potent time for the witches ' Sabbath . My ex-husband is gonna file the custody suit . And my lawyers keep telling me that I have to look like the perfect mother . Do you want this man to take your child ? No . I wanna fight him . By yourself ? Who are you ? What is it that they call your kind of dancer , a gypsy ? Your ex-husband is an executive with a solid salary and a home . With those images to choose from , who do you think the court will pick ? I know , I know . But I can 't go through with our bargain . You say that you can 't because you think you 're alone , but you 're not . We are behind you . We are with you . We are offering you the empowerment of sisterhood . Whatever obstacles are in the way , we will remove . How could you not do what is offered to you if you know that it will save your daughter ? - I need to think about this . - No . - No , I need ... - No ! Your needs are not what 's important now . Patti is committed . And so are you . Hello , Derek . Thank you for coming all this way . I see that living here has done you no harm . But in your eyes , I see the same pain as always . I will take up prayer for that . Your thoughts are welcome . But what ? How do you sit cloistered behind these walls day after day and pray to what you can 't see and sing to a God that never answers instead of putting your power to use out there where it could be felt ? You think that prayer does nothing . But the power of prayer reaches beyond these walls to the far corners of the earth . And the devil , in whatever form of evil it may take would like you to think it is everywhere . Do you deny that it 's there ? You think it , and so it is . And then you march out to meet it . But you forget that the battle is God 's . I wish I had your faith . Oh , you do , Derek . But you won 't allow yourself to trust it . I fear that I no longer clearly can see the way . You are my brother and I love you . I have seen you grow into a fine man but it pains me to see you so tortured and by your own hand . By my own hand ? You carry the burden of our father on your back . And you always have since the day he died . That is why we meet each year . Because you have not forgiven him . I have , finally , Derek . And I have found my peace in that . But you have also not forgiven yourself . And that is why you struggle so . But someone has to fight the battles I do . We cannot all sit in silence . Then gird yourself properly for battle , Derek . Fulfill your destiny my dear brother . Hey , Monica . What 's going on ? Where are you taking Patti ? Doctors say I can take her home and back to school and that 's what I 'm gonna do . - No , no . - I 'm not gonna let my ex-husband win . - Look at her , she 's terrified . You cannot take her back there . Now , you can 't do this to her . Who the hell are you to tell me what to do ? You 've got Patti talking about witches . - Look , Monica , just wait one minute ... - I should bring you up on charges . Someone 's teaching more than the three R 's at school . Alison Fleming , recent graduate , suspected but never charged in the burning of a church in Essex . Grace Reardon , graduated 20 years ago on probation in New Mexico for the mutilation of cattle . Claimed she was communing with the dead . Beth Connor , graduated last year from the school was stabbed through the heart by 76-year-old Elaine Bisler . She said that Beth had put a spell on her husband who then fell into a coma . There 's a ton more like this . You better find out where Rachel is and stay close to her . Yeah . For the sake of the school , you can 't let Patti stay here . Perhaps that 's exactly what we need to do . If we can show that Patti 's completely comfortable here their case will collapse . I appreciate your concern , Rachel , but I want Patti back with us . I need to talk to you . But not here , not now . - Why not ? - It 's not safe . Meet me at the back in 15 minutes . - What are you doing here ? - Thought we should hang together . Good idea . Rachel ! Rachel ! Watch me and remember . My God . All in a state of shock . Did Jan ever try to talk to you about Constance ? Do you think Constance was involved in this somehow ? I can see you do . This school represents my entire professional career . I always ... I always wanted the best for Hampton . I tried to instill that attitude in all of the staff . With Constance , I had hopes that she would someday become headmistress . I treated her like a daughter . Maybe I gave her too much freedom without checking on her . Even a mother can 't see everything . Yes , but she 's responsible for her children . Please . We think the children are in danger . What do you mean , they 're in danger ? They 're being used in some form of ritual . What are you talking about ? Are you saying that 's what happened with Patti ? Are you saying my children are being abused ? Yes . We think it 's going to happen again tonight . Now , we know that they 're being taken someplace on the school grounds . But we don 't know where . We have the building plans but ... Were you aware this building wasn 't always a school that originally it was a mansion ? - Yeah , we were . If you could search your records for anything about Constance that might help us ... I 'll look into it right away . I 'll get back to you immediately . - Thank you . - Oh , thank you . Thank you for coming back to us and helping us . Thank you for helping me . Want me to drive ? Okay , let 's line up in a column of twos . You know more than you think . And when you remember , you 'll leave us alone . I know what I have to do now . - What 's that ? - It 's what Jan said . I have to remember . Somehow I 'm a part of this . Rachel , tell me exactly what you know so far . What happened at the school can 't be so easily explained . The police may say that Jan 's death was a suicide but someone or something got to her . - Nick , she was trying to warn me . - What did she want you to remember ? Something about being a child . There 's so much about that I can 't remember . And I don 't know why . And I have the feeling like we 're running out of time . What do you mean ? I can 't get rid of the feeling that something evil is going on at that school . And if the summer solstice is the time for a witches ' Sabbath ... - We have until midnight tonight . - Or what ? The coven of witches will begin the rejuvenation . Drawing of energy from the corruption of the innocent requires children . Five of them would represent the five points of the pentagram . - And then what happens ? - The child is primed , and then ... - Primed . - I heard them . You 've been primed . Yes . Prepared for transformation . They take away their childhood . With a ritual like this , they plant an image in the girl 's mind to prevent her from remembering . Mostly the image of an animal eating her from the inside out should she ever try to tell . - A wolf . - Perhaps . The children then become one with the coven . Have you noticed a group of girls acting as one , as if seeing as one ? Yes , I have . Well , then we haven 't much time to discover where this will happen . Look at this . Legend from Legacy journals has it that consecrated salts were used to battle witches . Now , the school was originally a private residence made during Prohibition . There 's a network of passageways under the building that was probably used for running liquor but these plans don 't show an entrance into them . Well , we 've got half an hour to find it . All right . I want each of you to take one of these leather pouches . They each contain consecrated salts taken from the mines of Jericho over 2000 years ago . Now , these holy salts are a counteracting agent to a witch 's black magic . Now , check the walls the floors , everywhere . Soon your daughter 's spirit will be empowered beyond your wildest dreams . No judge , no court , no man will ever be able to take her from you again . Do you remember , Rachel ? Come join us again . You 're one oh us . Their influence is getting stronger , so we must be close . Please hurry . Rachel , if you continue on , your pain is going to get worse . They 're concentrating the force of their magic on you because they know you 're trying to uncover them . I came here to see this through . And I 'm not gonna stop , no matter what . We can 't let them hurt the children . I don 't care how much pain I 'm in , we 're not gonna stop . - Promise me that , Derek . - I promise . With this invocation , we give unto you this child so that you can fill your being with all your majesty . Out of the darkness , hearken unto us . Draw near . Attend on us this night of fledgling sovereignty . Leave her alone ! - The spell has been broken ! - Stay away from her ! Rachel look what you 've done . Rachel , what is it ? They 're not in passageways . They 're not using passageways . They 're not under the school . They 're ... They 're in the attic . - It 's in this building . - How do you know ? Because ... Because I was there as a child . I know what they 're doing . I remember . Acknowledge this unholy ferment which simmers in your name . Let the shroud of the spirit cover us and protect us . And let us begin ! This is it . They 're right on the other side . But when next you see the light ... And your childhood will be gone forever . Strike them down ! You 've become strong . Go ahead . Your salts have no power against me . No . I don 't need them . Oh , I knew you 'd understand . - Like I knew you 'd come back to us . - I 'll get the children . - Okay , come over here . - Come on . You felt the spirit of the wolf that I placed in you . I made this wolf my own . Rachel , you were always my favorite . Nick , over here . Keep them cornered . You stole my childhood . You won 't steal theirs . Rachel ! I could have made you so much more than you are . Women are not supposed to be weak . I can take a young girl and turn her into a force to be reckoned with . That was to be your destiny but you wanted no part of it . So now you feel the price of weakness ! Now breathe your last ! No ! Go to hell ! I am so sorry , Patti . I 'm so sorry . Oh , I never meant to hurt her . I just ... I just wanted to keep her . To have blocked this out for all those years ... That was how you survived . But they did this to a child . But you didn 't give them any power . Even as a child , you stood up to them . - And when you were ready ... - Derek , I had to do this . It was like something was leading me through . Perhaps it was a prayer to see you through the battle . There are certain things that are meant to be . And someone very close to me helped me to see that again . This was part of your destiny , Rachel . Yes . I know that .
