 10 : 02 p.m. Original specimen remains unchanged and intact . A small fissure has developed along the radial axis of the replicant environment . Unclear whether source is cell division or molecular deterioration . Applying biotherm catalyst to increase heat at the cellular level . Oh , my God . Hey , Dawson . What about those bells ? You got me , Mr. Sloan . Only ring on Sunday , but not like this . I don 't know what 's going on . But hey , I won the football pool . How long has Dr. Cornell been back ? He 's been here all day , never left . I can get you in the next pool , but you gotta read the spreads . That 's why I 'm good . I knew Nebraska ... Call 911 . Dr. Cornell . Stanley . Stanley ? Dawson ? Oh , my God . Oh , my God , no . Since the beginning oh time mankind has existed between the world oh light and the world oh darkness . Our secret society has been here horever protecting others hrom the creatures who inhabit the shadows and the night . Known only to the initiated by our true name The Legacy . Thanks for coming so quickly , Nick . No problem , Frances . We go way back . I love hanging out with you and your dead friends . What 's going on ? This guy died in a lab explosion at 10 : 06 . When I saw what I had , I knew I had to work through the night . So , what 's bothering you about it ? In medical terms , what happened to Dr. Cornell 's body can 't happen . I thought you said he died of electrocution . Officially , death can be attributed to cardiopulmonary arrest from electrical shock . But obviously you think something else happened . Some kind of energy in addition to electricity , must have surged through his body . His heart virtually exploded in his chest . The aorta 's ruptured in three places . The liver , the kidneys and the spleen were split wide open . The retinas hemorrhaged and his hair turned stark white . So have you ever seen a body in this condition before ? No . Not even close . That 's not the half of it . Look , I know you look into things that go beyond what we know about . This is beyond what we know about . What the hell is it ? It was on Cornell 's body when they brought him in . - It smells like sulfur . - Very good . But this is organic . It 's a little like amniotic fluid . I 've never seen anything like it before . So , what do you think happened to him ? I don 't know , but whatever it was it literally scared him to death . Hey , Derek , did you hear those bells last night ? It was the weirdest thing . This morning , on the way in , prophets of doom are all over the radio . - Anything to it ? - We 're checking it out . I 'm going to the university chapel . - Alex will fill you in . - Okay . So , Alex , what about these bells ? Derek thinks they sounded for a reason . Probably some fraternity 's practical joke . - I don 't think so . - Why ? The bells all over the city were ringing by themselves . - Supposedly , it 's a warning . - A warning of what ? That , we have no idea . There are no parallel incidents in any other Legacy Houses . Just San Francisco . So we charted the locations of the bells and they form a pattern . Now , at the center of the pattern is the university chapel . That 's why Derek went there . There was a bizarre death last night in the university bioengineering lab . Dr. Stanley Cornell , a renowned geneticist was literally torn apart from the inside out by some sort of form of force or energy . - What time did the bells start ringing ? - 10 : 06 p.m. Then we 'd better get our act together . Excuse me for disturbing you , Sister but I 've just come from the university chapel . Father Merrin told me you 're here because of the bells ? Yes . They were ringing in celebration . Did you hear them last night ? Oh , yes , that 's why I 'm here . A Coptic cross . - Your order is from Egypt ? - Yes . The Holy Order of Anchorites . This is the miracle that our sisters have waited patiently for almost 2000 years . What exactly is this miracle ? That he is alive . A saint is reborn . A most unusual display of bells last night . A warning , perhaps , of an arrival . Have we made some progress with our experiment ? I don 't know . Dr. Cornell is dead . He was killed in an explosion at the lab . What kind of explosion ? Something happened to the environmental chamber . It was torn apart . I don 't understand it . We were months away from anything above the cellular level . - There must have been some ... - You saw something . I 'm not sure . Yes . You are . It 's etched on your soul . The presence of evil . What we 're dealing with here is far beyond anything we ever expected . That 's because your vision is limited . Where is it now ? It could be anywhere . - It may not have survived the night . - Oh , it survived . It doesn 't suffer the frailties of man . It 's much too resilient . I don 't think we should get involved with this thing ... I 'm not asking you to think . I 'm telling you what to do . Either find it or start over and duplicate the process . This is a biohazard lab so it 's isolated at the end of this corridor . You 've got some clout . The chancellor 's office told me to give you free rein . We 've performed some services for the university over the years . It 's terrible what happened last night . Dr. Cornell was working himself night and day . That 's when you make mistakes . That will close and lock automatically behind you . Thanks . This chamber has gauges for atmospheric content and thermal readout . Cornell was an expert in cell replication and gene splicing . Looks like an incubation chamber . So , what do you think he was trying to do , grow the 10-pound tomato ? Is this the same substance that Frances found on Cornell 's body ? Sure smells like it . What is it ? Kind of looks like a piece of tooth . It seems organic . Gentlemen . My name is Warren Sloan . Dawson tells me that the chancellor has given you access to this lab . There are extremely sensitive biological experiments being conducted here and for your own safety , I must insist that you leave . I 'm Derek Rayne . This is Nick Boyle . We are with the Luna Foundation . We 've worked closely with the university in the past and we thought we might be of assistance . What were you and Dr. Cornell working on ? Genetic research . Do you have any idea what caused the explosion ? I don 't know . Dr. Cornell altered his experiment and never got the chance to record his notes concerning the procedure before ... I 'm going to continue with his work and try not to make the same mistake . Now if you gentlemen will excuse me , please . Oh , yes , of course . We have work to do too . All right , who 's in here ? Are those Dr. Cornell 's files ? Yeah , his financial records , research grants a list of library books he took out . The chancellor even released his lab reports to us . There 's nothing here that might tell us why church bells would clang at the moment of his death . In fact , this guy looks more like a hustler than a geneticist . If you 're wondering what bioengineering pays these days you should have a look at his financial records . The guy 's got major accounts at Chase Manhattan , Morgan Guaranty and six other foreign institutions . Accumulated over what period of time ? It seems to have started in the last 2 years just prior to an extended trip to Egypt . Egypt ? The nun from the chapel was from Egypt . Have either of you ever heard of the Holy Order of the Anchorites ? No . - Anchorites are hermits ? - Yes . You said that she thought some saint was going to be reborn . - St. Anthony ? - Yes . Patron saint of lost causes . She could be some kind of a nut case . Within every fool lies a seed of truth . What does that have to do with Dr. Cornell ? Well , his lab report deals mainly with DNA mapping but obviously he was trying to grow something . And perhaps he succeeded . Do you see the beauty in this ? The power . What are you doing here ? Did not the wise men come to Bethlehem ? Look , Mr. Arkadi , I 'm being told that the security guard from last night just walked off the job . He didn 't show up for his shift change this morning . Nobody 's seen him since yesterday afternoon . I think someone or something has seen him . And I think it 's hunting growing . It could be right behind this wall . I find that so comforting . And since we have both the technology and the specimen we can create something quite extraordinary . No one can stop us . The specimen is missing . It was either destroyed in the explosion or it was taken . - Taken ? What do you mean , taken ? Two men from the Luna Foundation were already here when I arrived . - It 's possible they took it . - The Luna Foundation . I should have seen this coming . They 've got the specimen . But what good could it do them ? They wouldn 't know what they 've got . You have no idea , my friend . Which is why you 're gonna have to get it back again . - Me ? - Or you can go hunting alone . Your sojourn in the desert is over . Your victory over the beast is complete . Rejoice now in eternal life with these , the fruits of the earth and of the waters . I know that you are near . I feel that you have drawn me to this place . If it is you , the world is awaiting . Then why do you not show yourself ? What have you seen ? The flights of birds , the howling of dogs . Something in the wind . Signs that he has come . Then you believe he is truly born again . - Oh , yes . Yes . Our holy order has protected the bones of our beloved St. Anthony for centuries and now all is beginning to pass . Excellent . I want you to go now . Maintain your vigil and come to me again when you know more . Truly . Until he walks among us . Maybe sooner than you think . I 've asked for a review on the data . They said they 'd call me back . I think he went back to Dr. Cornell 's lab with Nick . Nothing about it makes any sense from the cell composition to the carbon dating . How are you doing ? Actually , all this makes sense except for this . It 's a fragment of an account of the life of St. Anthony . It seems to be an original , a sort of eyewitness account . - What , was Cornell a collector ? - Well ... Not by the look of everything else . The man was strictly scientific . That 's what makes it strange . It just doesn 't fit . St. Anthony . Good St. Anthony look around something 's lost and can 't be found . When you were little you lost something , you said that prayer and he 'd help you find it . Well , it 's not St. Anthony who lived in the 12th century it 's St. Anthony the Anchorite from the 4th century . The Coptic nun at the chapel . - Was talking about this saint who , according to this lived in Egypt in a abandoned fortress along the Nile . He was reputed to have wrestled with demons in the desert . That 's how he proved his faith . What was our geneticist trying to do , clone St. Anthony ? That 's ... That 's ridiculous . Where 'd you get that ? I watched the guard when he punched in the code . So , what are we looking for ? I 'm not sure . But whatever it is we 're dealing with it was strong enough to break out of this . Since nobody saw the thing leave the lab , the question is how did it get out ? It was probably coated with this sulfuric gel . Now the same stuff 's over here . The shaft carries on for about 10 feet , crosses a T and goes north and south . - We 'd better go check it out . - Yeah . I 'm assuming the ventilation shafts are connected between the labs . It should run somewhere along here . It broke out of the system there . So it has managed to leave the ventilator shaft . Great news . - Derek . - What ? Looks like our creature managed to tear itself a new doorway . Is it sulfur ? No , it 's blood . And a shoe . Must have dragged somebody off . Which means it 's loose somewhere in the building . Yeah . Well , against this , it may not be much use . Yeah , well , I 'll take my chances . It carries on for about 15 feet and drops into a shaft . What is it ? Whoever it grabbed back there , it ain 't letting go . I don 't think we 're gonna find too much of this guy . It went this way . Come on . - What the hell moves like that ? - I don 't know . - Why did it stop ? - Oh , my God . It 's a body . The security guard . Nick , this is its nest . Maybe it 's drawn us here . - You think the creature 's that smart ? - Yes . All right , it 's hunting . This isn 't a good place to be hanging around . Let 's move out . Forgive me , Mr. Arkadi . I do not wish to cause you any trouble . But my dreams are troubled . I have had visions . But , dear Sister , you have always had visions of our revered St. Anthony . I do not see the saint in my dreams . I see a creature . A demon newly born whose soul is as black as the pit it came from . Where exactly do you see this creature ? Is it hiding ? Is it close at hand ? I cannot say . But I can say that I see it quickly growing , gathering strength . And I fear that something terrible is happening . Perhaps I should never have let you take the fragment of bone . No , I distinctly remember . The fragment that Dr. Cornell took for our experiment was the best . Exactly what we needed . But my dreams . Perhaps they were just messages from hell designed to keep us from achieving our great aim . Vigilance is everything . We must pray . Together . We must show God the purity in our hearts . The Lord can see into our souls . If you have nothing to harbor of evil in your heart you have nothing to fear . This creature is smart and it 's deadly . It was too dangerous to remove the remains that we found . So to stop it , we have to go back there . I 've asked the university to keep everyone out and turn off the heating systems . The cooler it is inside , the slower the creature may move . You think it 's cold-blooded ? Unfortunately , it 's not that simple . I hate to rain on everyone 's parade , but they 've just verified the analysis of the shard of bone that Nick found in the lab . - Only it isn 't bone . - Then what is it ? It is a piece broken off of some sort of horn . So , what are we dealing with ? Well , if it 's part of a horn , it could be from the demon St. Anthony was wrestling with in the desert . So whatever it is that escaped from Cornell 's lab could be from hell itself . You 've got to do something about Sister Jehanne . I can 't stand seeing her sitting out on that bench , praying . She can sense things . And she confides in me . Great . Maybe she can confide in you where the hell this ... This thing that we 've created is hiding . Where the hell indeed . Are you sorry you took on the project , Mr. Sloan ? You weren 't sorry when you came to Egypt to collect the specimen and you weren 't sorry when you cashed my check and you weren 't sorry when Dr. Cornell died leaving you the project and its funding . Of course I was sorry about Stanley 's death . We worked together for five years , side by side . He would have wanted me to have that money and to continue . Here . Then earn it . Good evening , Mr. Sloan . To what do we owe the pleasure ? You shouldn 't be so surprised . You 're in possession of stolen property . - I 've simply come to get it back . - The horn . So you know that much . More than you think . Plans to the house . So how is Mr. Arkadi , anyway ? - You know who sent him ? - I suspected it . Mr. Arkadi and I have crossed paths before . Who is he ? His family has been obsessed with occult artifacts for generations . Unfortunately for them , they have often ... There is also strong suspicion that Mr. Arkadi was involved with the murders that brought down the Cairo House . So what are you gonna do with me ? - Call the police ? - It 's not what we do with you . It 's what you can do for us . It 's me . What happened to you ? He tripped . Very disappointing . Nick meet Victor Arkadi . I 've heard you were in Istanbul selling occult artifacts on the black market . That 's right . I needed a vacation from Egypt . You mean after destroying the Cairo House . To be frank , it was much too easy . I take it Mr. Sloan was unsuccessful . - I did exactly what you ... - Was I speaking to you ? You know , through the centuries men have tried to conjure Satan 's minions by drawing pentagrams in the dirt and hurling incantations . But he sends his demons to us only when it suits him . Perhaps to torture a saint . And now , with genetic engineering I 've brought forth something that is not of blood or flesh or bone . And it 's mine to control . Then consider this fair warning . Whatever this creature is , we will find it and destroy it before it kills again . Let 's go . Listen , Mr. Arkadi , those blueprints were wrong . They knew I was there . Without the fragment to clone another , we have to find the beast ourselves . Even if we could , how could we control it ? Sister Jehanne . Dear Lord give me the strength to become the instrument of your will . I hear you calling , my saint . I am coming to serve you . Great and marvelous are thy works , Lord God almighty . True and just are thy ways . King of saints . She 's gone . - I thought we were here for the beast . - We are . But we 're not dealing with anything from this earth . Our only chance to kill it is if we get something that 's been consecrated . - The bones of St. Anthony . - Exactly . Sister Jehanne carries them in an amulet around her neck . They represent the holy spirit of St. Anthony himself and must penetrate the beast to kill it . She 's gone to confront the demon . Well , we better find her before it does . Who shall not fear thee , O Lord , and glorify thy name ? Oh , praise in the highest . Sister Jehanne should be here . Where 'd she go ? In search of the beast . You said it may have gotten into the basement ? What 's the quickest way down there ? This way . For thou only art holy , O Lord and all nations shall come to worship before thee . - It 's her . - Let 's hustle . Let 's get the hell out of here . Where 's your faith ? Either face the demon with me now or deal with me later . Please , Mr. Arkadi , listen . I 'm ... Bothered ? Why don 't you go that way alone . Oh , God . Why didn 't she stay out of it ? The amulet is missing . Arkadi . He wants to control the demon with it . It 's around here somewhere . But this is crazy . - We 're not ready to control it . - Be quiet . We 're in my lab now . But this is not a controlled environment . This is ... No ! By the remains of the saint who slew you bow before me . I say leave him be and obey my command . In the name of St. Anthony I defy you by all that 's holy . And still , you cannot defeat him . It actually worked .
