 [ Chattering ] - [ Man ] Howdy . How you doin ' ? - [ Woman ] Hi . [ Woman On P.A. ] Ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your patience during the delay . - We 'll now begin boarding Airista Airplane 105 to San Diego . - Oh , man ! - Is there a problem ? - I got bumped . I 'm sure it was an accident . With this many people , there 's bound to be unintended physical contact . [ Chuckling ] No . I got bumped from the flight . They overbooked it . Oh . [ Sighs ] I 'm gonna miss registration . You know how many incoming freshmen there are at San Diego ? Next flight leaves in five hours . By then , all the classes I need will be closed . Here . Take my seat . - No . No . - Look , I 'm not in a hurry . It 's not like anybody 's chasing me ... today . - Take it . - Oh , man . Are you sure ? I 'm positive . Thanks . [ Chuckling ] It 's been a real pleasure talking to you these last few hours . You have a bright future ahead of you , Daniel . Good luck . Thanks , Jarod . I hope you find your family . Thank you . Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life . What happened to your finger ? - Broke it mud wrestling . What 'd you do last night ? - Sorry I asked . - Yeah . - Everything all right ? Mr. Lyle 's personnel file ? My father wants a list of anyone who might be Lyle 's ally . - Hmm . - Ever since Lyle 's death ... my father has been lobbying the Triumvirate to take over his position . But he 's running into roadblocks . Well , the allies of Mr. Lyle know that your father opposed him . The fact that you killed him only increases their resistance to his promotion . Even dead , Lyle 's a pain in the ass . Something was - [ Clears Throat ] Excuse me . Something was just delivered I think you 'll want to see . This way . - [ Sydney ] Lockers ? - [ Miss Parker ] Where the hell did these come from ? Jarod sent them . [ Sighs ] [ Miss Parker ] Class of 1983 , Douglas High School . Townsend , Nebraska . Why would Jarod send us yearbooks ? Page two . There 's a name tag in my book . Who 's Ricky Sanders ? Professor Tom Grier . - Oh , God . - Who 'd you get ? Mrs. Ricky San - Sanders . - [ Chuckles ] - [ Sydney ] I always thought you 'd make a nice couple . Yeah . When monkeys fly . Jarod 's expecting us to attend this reunion ... - Mrs. Sanders . - Brilliant insight , Syd . But then he did make you the professor . Look at this . That 's Jarod telling us we 're in danger . Broots , run a check on all the hayseeds in this book . Till I have more information , I 'm not traipsing off to Armpit , Oklahoma . It 's Nebraska . Hell is hell , Broots . [ Chattering ] [ Woman Crying ] No . Oh , God . [ Crying Continues ] No . Oh , no . What 's going on ? - Flight 105 has crashed near San Diego . - What ? There were fatalities . [ Daniel 's Voice ] Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life . Saved my life . Saved my life . Th-There-There was a-a young man on board . I gave him my seat . His name is Daniel Falk . I 'm sorry , sir . I can 't just give out - Please ! Daniel Falk 's body was positively identified at the scene . l-I 'm sorry . [ Daniel 's Voice ] Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life . [ Man Narrating ] There are Pretenders among us . [ Jarod ] I was taken from my family . Thirty-six hours and he 's already demonstrating more talent than any of our others . How many people died because of what I thought up ? Since I broke out , I 've spent every moment searching for my past . [ Miss Parker ] He 's a Pretender - A genius who can become anyone that he wants to be . - The Centre wants him alive . - Preferably . [ Miss Parker ] He defends the weak and abused . Life 's a gift . - You a doctor ? - I am today . Thankfully , the fuselage stayed intact . Kept the body count down . Clark Thomas . Jarod Lindsay , N.T.S.B. Washington . I 'm here to help with the investigation . I can 't get paper clips I requested . But an investigator I don 't need , that they send me . If you 'd like , I could get Washington on the phone ... and you could tell them yourself what incompetent managers they are . Diane Post . I prefer able bodies to paper clips . Welcome . We just got these surveillance photos from the crash scene . Any signs of mechanical problems ? No . The plane passed F.A.A. inspection last week . We 're focusing on pilot error . - Both pilots survived . - They 've been airlifted to Centennial Memorial . - Flight recorder ? - Recovered and en route . I want to be there when it 's opened . Do I look anything like this Ricky Sanders guy ? [ Sighs ] If you swallowed a blimp . How does Jarod expect me to fool anyone into believing that I 'm him ? Just tell them that you shacked up with Jenny Craig before you married me . - It wouldn 't explain the hair . - It 's a high school reunion , Broots . The only thing more pervasive than love handles will be the smell of Rogaine . And what about Mrs. Porky Pig ? Oh . No photo . You 're not alumni . [ Clears Throat ] Apparently Ricky met his wife overseas . They both worked as missionaries at a Catholic charity in Africa . [ Scoffs ] This amuses you . ThatJarod wants people to believe that you 're a missionary ? Broots , did you find anything about Professor Tom Grier ? He was only at the school for one semester in ' 83 . He taught obscure languages . He died in Hawaii two years ago . The rest of the class is business as usual . On the last page here , there is a list of people under the words " camera shy . " Oh , yeah . They didn 't have their photo taken . I tracked them down . There 's n-nothing special . Except - Oh , they 're - Well , two are dead . No deader than Townsend , Nebraska . Call the hotel and book us some rooms for this shindig . Oh , uh , Jarod already did . They 're , uh , nonsmoking rooms . Perfect . [ Reporters Clamoring ] Do you have anything to say to the families of the victims ? My heart goes out to everyone involved . As a father who almost lost his son , I certainly share their pain . Will you tell us what happened ? He 's not allowed to issue a statement until he talks to the N.T.S.B. But I would like to offer my prayers to those who lost loved ones . Excuse us , please . I want to make sure my son gets a little rest , okay ? - Thank you . Thank you very much . - [ Clamoring ] First things first . Let 's see what the pilot has to say . She suffered blunt trauma to the temporal lobe , which affects memory acquisition . Her chances of ever recalling details of the crash are extremely slim . [ Clark ] So , there 's really nothing you can tell us ? Like I said ... I can remember being on the approach to San Diego . - [ Faint Screaming ] - And I can remember the screams . But besides that - - I 'm sorry . - [ Sighs ] [ Clark ] Thanks for your time , Ms. Wiley . We 'll be in touch . I 'll be outside in one second . Are you going to be all right ? It 's like somebody painted my mind black . When I think about my passengers - Maybe it 's better that I can 't remember . [ Daniel 's Voice ] I want to make a difference with my life . I read this quote once - " We have but a rich moment in time . " It made me realize that we 're only here for so long . [ Wiley ] Eleven people died . But I lived . What makes me so special ? [ Wiley 's Voice ] I can remember being on the approach to San Diego . - [ Faint Screaming ] - And I can remember the screams . Eleven people died . But I lived . What makes me so special ? [ Broots Chuckles ] Can you believe how friendly Nebraskans are ? This isn 't Nebraska , Broots . It 's a halfway house for Hee Haw rejects . Ricky ? Ricky , is that you ? My , you have changed ! You lost a ton , son . And , uh , this must be - - Oh ! - Nobody you 'd want to know . Well - [ Chuckles ] Maybe we 'll see you and the missus later , at the hayride . Yeah , at the hayride . Okay . Way to blend in . All set . Now this is mine . And 305 is for you two . - " You two " ? - Small town , Mrs. Sanders . The last thing we want is for people to wonder why you 're not staying with your husband . There 'd better be booze in the courtesy bar , or someone 's gonna pay . Hey . ! I thought we agreed that I would be here when we opened these boxes . We couldn 't locate you . And time isn 't something we have a lot of around here . Evidence from the flight data recorder indicates ... the elevators were set at the wrong angle for landing . [ Clark ] Given the flight 's reduced speed on descent ... failure of the elevators to provide proper lift led directly to the crash . - Who set the elevators ? - We don 't know . The cockpit voice recorder is still on lock . Malfunction . Never started recording on takeoff . I 've never heard of this happening before . It 's rare , but not without precedent . Hell , it happened on a flight I piloted once . At least now with no mechanical malfunction ... we can focus on pilot error . Which leaves the question - Which pilot ? [ Faint Screaming ] My dad taught me how to play . Didn 't you ever play basketball with your dad ? I just want to make my parents proud . You did , Daniel . You did . I don 't know if I 'll ever be able to climb into a cockpit again . You 'll get no argument from me . You 're gonna be far too busy at Airista . Brandon is one day going to take over the organization . The sooner I get him behind a desk , the better . Mr. Larson , we need to question Brandon alone . I 'm not here as the head of an airline . I 'm here as Brandon 's father . We appreciate that , sir . But this is standard procedure . Fine . Uh , if you need me , I 'll be in the waiting room . [ Woman On P.A. ] Dr. Christopher to Radiation Therapy . - Dr. Christopher to Radiation Therapy . - Brandon ... the voice recorder on your flight malfunctioned . We have no record of what happened in the cockpit . Ms. Wiley suffered a head trauma . Therefore , your memory of the event is critical . We 'd like you to carefully take us through the last few minutes before the crash . We 'd just received final approach instructions . I was focused on my checklist . Everything seemed calm . Then all of a sudden we stalled . Angela was yelling about the mountain . I looked out my window just to see the wing slashing through trees . You seem to be very warm . - Would you like some water ? - No . Um - No , it 's these painkillers . Made me a little feverish . - Hmm . - [ Coughs ] Anyway , I can only guess some of our gauges malfunctioned . According to the flight data recorder , all systems were working fine . It indicated the elevators were set at zero instead of 20 degrees . That 's why the plane stalled on its descent . [ Sighs ] Oh , God . What is it ? Is there something on your mind ? This is really hard . Angela 's a good friend . We 've logged over half a million miles together . But ? When I called out " elevators 20 degrees " on the checklist ... Angela gave me a positive . I guess shejust wasn 't paying attention . Look , Jarod , it was a pilot error . - And the pilot 's name is Angela Wiley . - Maybe . The guy told us exactly what happened . What more do you need ? He said he was on painkillers . Principle actions of those compounds are analgesia and sedation . It wouldn 't cause a fever . Isn 't it possible the guy 's just a nervous wreck ? Pilots are human . If I 'd just been in a plane crash , and I had to turn in my friend ... I 'd be sweating too . Is that what you really believe , Diane ? [ Woman On P.A. ] Nurse Blank to Delivery , Suite 3 . You know , Miss Parker , if you looked at this like a mini vacation from the Centre ... you might actually enjoy yourself . These people are dead from the neck up and don 't even know it . Why ? Because that couple in the lobby have been married for 14 years ... and they go to church on Sunday , and they coach Little League ? Hmm . I wish my ex-wife and I had been that lucky . Just how hard did you fall on your head when you fell off the turnip truck ? [ Scoffs ] Oh , okay . And what 's so great about your life ? You 're forced to stay at the Centre till you catch a guy they stole from his parents . You 're haunted by the - by the murder of your-your mother . Competing for your father 's attention with a bald-headed lunatic ... - who drags around an oxygen tank - - Careful ! Well , I 'm - I 'm just sayin ' . I 'd take a Sunday sermon and a Little League game any day of the week over that . [ Knocking ] - Hi . - Jarod sent us another yearbook ... marking down the page that lists the students who were absent for the graduation picture . " Not every picture tells a story . " What does that mean ? He wants us to focus on the camera shy . Coming , dear ? [ Woman On P.A. ] Dr. Cruce to Room 208 . The blood tests on you and Brandon were negative ... so there won 't be any felony charges , but - You will be charged with negligence . I suggest you contact the pilot 's union and arrange for legal counsel . Oh , my God . [ Crying ] Angela , the voice recorder malfunctioned . The only thing we have to go on is Brandon 's testimony . If there 's anything at all that you can remember . I can 't remember anything . [ Whirring ] [ Whirring Stops ] [ Sighs ] The voice recorder didn 't malfunction . The imprint cylinder was demagnetized . [ Chattering ] Hi . How you doin ' ? Hey . Any luck with camera shy ? Found two . Both up for village idiot of the year . - You ? - I met one . Farmer 's wife , seven kids , wallet full of pictures . Hmm . Oh , yeah . And guess who he 's married to ? Xena . What 's your secret ? Hmm ? Well , uh - [ Chuckles ] Hey , you gotta ask ? [ Laughing ] I 've never met a missionary before . Oh , there 's a shocker . And Ricky . Who ever thought he 'd become a man of God ? You know , he and I dated a few times . Has he ever mentioned me ? He often reminisces about ... playing tonsil hockey with you in the barn after the Saturday night hootenanny . [ Microphone Feedback ] Uh , ladies - ladies and gentlemen ... before we come to the end of this wonderful evening ... I 'd like to take a moment to remember a couple of students ... who are no longer with us ... because the Lord has seen fit to call them on home . - The first is Diane Hydra . - Oh , God . It 's almost over . And we 're no closer to knowing whyJarod sent us here than when we started . ... some of you may remember , died tragically his senior year . So , we don 't have a graduation photo of Bobby Bowman ... but we were able to enlarge a picture from a group shot ... of the Farmers ofTomorrow Club . - I 'm out of here . - Miss Parker . - Oh , my God . - The resemblance is unmistakable . [ Broots ] Bobby Bowman is Mr. Lyle ? Are you sure this is Brandon Larson 's file ? This lab has zero tolerance for error . The stakes are too high . Something doesn 't make sense . On Brandon Larson 's last F.A.A. physical , his macrocytic blood count was 10 . But on these tests you took after the crash , the count is 15 . I thought macrocytic blood counts never vary . They don 't . Who brought in these blood samples ? Your chief investigator , Clark Thomas . Don 't letJarod 's wild speculations confuse you . [ Diane ] But what about Brandon 's sweating ? He said painkillers wouldn 't do that . Diane , listen . The evidence is very clear . Just have that report ready to go in the morning . [ Beeps ] [ Daniel 's Voice ] One recruiter tried to give me an illegal payoff . But my dad always taught me you can never go wrong doin ' the right thing . I turned him down . What did your dad teach you , Clark ? [ Daniel 's Voice ] You saved my life . You saved my life . You saved my life . You saved my life . You saved my life . You saved my life . Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life . - [ Phone Beeps ] - [ Sydney ] Sydney . [ Jarod ] Ayoung man died because of me . I gave him my seat on an airplane . The plane crashed . I 'm sorry . Jarod , we all want to believe that we can control the events in life . But that 's only an illusion . He had everything to live for . A family . Future . Now he 's gone , and ... I 'm still here . I 'm afraid you and I could spend the rest of this lifetime debating fate , Jarod . Lifetime ? [ Chuckles ] Is that how long this will hurt ? [ Beeps ] - [ Sydney ] Anything ? - [ Broots ] I found a police file on Bobby Bowman . According to the Omaha coroner 's , uh , records , uh - Up here , Broots . Um , the Omaha coroner report - Bobby Bowman was , um ... murdered 16 years ago - - Hmm . - by his father . Mr. Lyle - Bobby Bowman , that is - faked his own murder and framed his father ? And I thought my family was screwed up . Bowman 's body was found headless in the bed ofhis father 's pickup truck . But the body was so decomposed that they couldn 't get a proper I.D. Headless - can 't trace dental records . And , of course ... decomposition would make fingerprint identification impossible . So , if the body was not Mr. Lyle 's , then - [ Chuckles ] whose body was it ? - Hmm . - Broots , get back to Blue Cove . See what you can find on Lyle 's early years at the Centre . - And us ? - You and I are gonna pay a visit to Mammy Yokum . Bobby was adopted , you know . Oh , he was a good little boy , for the most part . And then when he was , oh , around 15 or so ... something just seemed to snap . Okay , boys ! Come and get it ! One day , he was sweet as sugar ... the next , mean as a snake . Violent too . Well , after a while , my husband just couldn 't deal with it . He felt that Bobby needed discipline ... so he started locking ' him in the shed out in back . Well , I thought that was a little harsh . But as my husband said ... the roof didn 't leak , and there was no vermin in it . [ Cawing In Distance ] You two dogs stop that barkin' and get in here ! [ Cawing In Distance ] This a friend of Bobby 's ? Uh , Jimmy Radloff . - But he died . - Hmm . That was a sad day for Bobby . How did Jimmy die ? Well , Bobby and Jimmy went hiking one day ... and they got separated , and only Bobby came home . Jimmyjust disappeared without a trace . Well , they looked all over for him , but they never found his body . I 've had enough ! Hey ! You don 't stop your howling and get your tired - - Now we know whose body Lyle used to frame his death . - Hmm . Personally , I feel thatJimmy Radloff ran away . He came from a terrible family . His father was a drunk , and his mother , well - Lyle and I always thought she was daffy as a loon . - Lyle ? - Oh , that 's my husband 's name . - Hmm . - Although he insisted Bobby call him Mister . Hmm . - [ Knocking ] - [ Jarod ] Angela ? They told me at the hospital you 'd been released. I - May I come in ? It 's kind of dark in here , don 't you think ? That 's not the answer . [ Door Closes ] All I ever wanted to do was be a pilot . They were preliminary findings . - Nothing 's been decided . - No , they already told me to get an attorney . That 's standard procedure . There 'll be civil suits . I can 't face those families . Listen to me . I don 't believe that the crash was your fault . Based on what ? Those people who had their lives taken from them , they had no choice . Don 't dishonor their memory by taking your own . Give me the chance to prove your innocence . OnceJimmy Radloff disappeared , well , Bobby really got bad . There was no controlling ' him , except lock him in the shed . He hit his father with a shovel once . I 'm pretty sure that that was the straw ... that pushed Lyle to kill Bobby . And cut off his head ? Well , I did think that was a bit extreme . Where is your husband now ? Solitary confinement . Topeka Penitentiary . Lyle rubs people the wrong way . Well , I 'd best get supper on . The shed measures eight by 10 . The same as a prison cell . [ Miss Parker ] If my father had locked me in a hole like this ... I wouldn 't have framed him - I would have killed him . Clearly , Mr. Lyle was driven to inflict slower punishment . [ Miss Parker ] Unfortunately , he didn 't confine his need to just his father . I am sorry to bother you , sir ... but I received a rather disturbing tip ... that your son was using prescription drugs not on the F.A.A. authorized list . - That 's ridiculous . - Well , maybe so . But accusations this serious are going to require an investigation . I assure you if my son had done anything that foolish , I would know about it . You have any idea how many flight jockeys ... are bucking ' for a seat in the cockpit of a major carrier ? I know some who would have no trouble lying to get a pilot grounded and open up a slot . I 'm sure that 's true . Why would he jeopardize his future by taking unauthorized drugs ? Besides , I wouldn 't allow him to . I have no choice in this matter . You always have a choice . Tell that to the victims of Flight 105 . [ Tones Beeping ] [ Ringing ] - [ Clark ] Clark Thomas . - [ Larson ] Jarod Lindsay was just here . He said he 's going forward with an investigation into rumors ... that my son is using unauthorized prescription drugs . - Where 'd he hear that ? - I don 't know , and it doesn 't matter . What does matter is the fact that you promised to head this thing off . Agreed ? - Yes , sir . - Then get on it . [ Beeps ] [ Daniel 's Voice ] My girlfriend gave me this . I think she 's afraid I 'm gonna forget her . You know , it 's nice knowin ' you have someone who cares so much about you . Besides your folks . You know what I mean ? Yeah . [ Distorted Voices ] - [ Angela 's Voice ] We 're on our final approach . - [ Brandon 's Voice ] Got it . [ Angela 's Voice ] Our elevator 's at zero degrees . I told you to pull two notches ! - We are not gonna clear that ridge ! Pull up ! Pull up ! - I 'm sorry , Angela ! I 'm sorry ! Oh , my God ! No ! [ Crash ] [ Angela 's Voice ] I told you to pull two notches . ! We are not gonna clear that ridge . ! Pull up . ! Pull up . ! Our elevator 's at zero degrees . I told you to pull two notches . ! - We are not gonna clear that ridge . ! Pull up . ! Pull up . ! - I 'm sorry , Angela . ! I 'm sorry . ! Oh my God . ! Our elevator 's at zero degrees . I told you to pull two notches ! We are not - This your idea of a sick joke ? No . My idea of a sick joke is lying to protect your career ... while you destroy Angela Wiley 's . - You 're crazy . - Am I ? She didn 't cause the crash . You did . It wasn 't your blood that Clark Thomas took to the lab . You were flying all right . On what ? Speed ? Methamphetamines to sharpen your senses ? Is that why you 're sweating so badly ? That 's not true . Did you know Angela was thinking of taking her own life ... because she couldn 't deal with the guilt of killing 11 people ? Shall we let her ? Round it up to a nice even dozen . All because of you . All so you can take your position at Airista and make your father happy . There 's no room for error with my father . You have to be perfect . And if you 're not , he just bribes Clark Thomas to fix it , right ? He found out about my drug intake after the crash ... and he swooped in with spin control like he controls everything else . He picked my schools , my girlfriends , my career . So how much worse does it have to get before you say no ? You don 't understand . Nobody says no to my father . Not me , not Clark Thomas . No one . Don 't you think it 's time that someone did ? [ Miss Parker ] So , Mr. Bowman , tell us about your son , Bobby . Bobby . I hated the little bastard . - But I didn 't kill him . - [ Miss Parker ] Who did ? Now , if I knew that , I wouldn 't be in here , would I ? If I had to bet , I 'd say it was probably that counselor ... that started comin ' around when Bobby was 15 or so . From the adoption agency . Said he was checking up to see how Bobby was getting along . Well , Bobby was getting along fine till he showed up . Started spending time together . Too much time . Do you remember anything about this counselor ? Well , my lawyer tried to find him right after I was arrested . But he never worked for the adoption agency . How 'd you know ? These padlock cutouts on the wall . What do they signify , Mr. Bowman ? Ah , somebody 's idea of a sick joke . They 've been showin ' up once a month ever since I got here . I use ' em to keep track of time . Except for last month , when they stopped comin ' . That 's because Mr. Lyle is dead . Diane . I want you to hear something . Clark , it 's Jarod . There 's something I want to see you about . [ Larson ] Ajump plane ? At least you could take me up in a plane with a door . What are you doin ' here ? Lindsay called . Said he 'd found something at the crash site you wanted me to see . Oh , good . Everyone is here . Shall we ? Look , I 'm - I 'm sorry , Mr. Larson . There 's been a misunderstanding . Oh , there 's been no misunderstanding . I 've uncovered some new evidence about what caused the crash . What kind of new evidence ? The kind you have to see to believe . Gentlemen ? [ Clark ] Why are we so low ? Better to simulate the descent of Flight 105 . Hey , will you take over for a minute ? I have to go in the back . Why don 't you take my seat ? You 'll get a better view . What new evidence could he have found ? There was nothing left on that mountain that hasn 't already been examined . All right , what the hell is this all about ? Jarod ? Jarod . - He jumped . - What the hell is going on here ? Pull up . Get altitude . I can 't . It 's jammed . - [ Whirring ] - Hydraulics are locked . - [ Beeping ] - [ Jarod On Radio ] Problem , boys ? Well , now you know how Angela Wiley felt when she realized she was going to crash . Now there is a way for you to survive . But it comes with a price . - [ Larson ] What do you want ? - The truth . About how you bribed Clark Thomas to cover for the fact ... that it was really your son that caused the crash of Flight 105 . Speechless , huh ? Careful . The voice recorder is taking down everything you say . Only Clark won 't be able to demagnetize the voice cylinder . - Seventy seconds to impact . - After they find what 's left of the plane ... they 'll do toxicology tests on your bodies . Anything you 've got to hide , Mr. Larson ? Oh , that 's too bad . Because Clark won 't be around to tamper with the blood tests . Fifty seconds . Damn it , Jarod ! Okay ! I did it ! I took a bribe ! Now unlock those flaps ! - What about you , Mr. Larson ? - Larson , tell him , damn it ! Is your reputation more important to you than your life ? Larson ! We 're gonna crash ! Tell him ! All right , it 's true ! I bribed Clark Thomas to protect my son . Clark , there 's a toggle switch underneath your seat . Push it backward . That was close . Just so you know ... there 's only enough gas to get you back to San Diego . Oh , and by the way , there 's a police car waiting for you when you get there . I 'm not buying your theory about Mr. Lyle , Syd . Please , Miss Parker , listen . All I 'm saying is if Lyle was able to fake his death as a teenager ... well , perhaps he 's done it again . And that 's whatJarod has been trying to tell us all this time . - That Lyle is alive . - I shot the son of a bitch myself , Sydney . I saw him fall into the river . You and I were there when they dragged his body from the water . - A headless body . - So ? - Exactly the way he faked his death the last time . - There is no last time ! The man is dead . Hmm . There is nothing on Lyle ... except for date of employment and date of termination . But I did find this under the name of Bobby Bowman . It 's a copy of adoption papers giving custody of Bob - Mr. Lyle - to the Bowmans . There 's only one reason the Centre would have records of Lyle 's adoption . They arranged it . - I 'll get Lyle 's body exhumed . You do the D.N.A. tests . - Oh , no , no . You can 't . The Centre had Lyle 's body cremated . [ Chuckles ] [ Sighs ] Thank you , Jarod . You saved my life . Can I help you ? [ Gasps ] Oh , Daniel . My name is Jarod . I met Daniel while we were waiting for the plane . It was overbooked , and he was going to get bumped . He - He was worried about missing his registration . I don 't understand . I gave your son my seat on the flight . I 'm so sorry . I just thought you 'd - I should probably go . Wait . Jarod ? Please , w-would you , um - would you come inside ... and tell us about your time with our son ? [ Daniel 's Voice ] Thanks , Jarod . You really saved my life .
