 - You wanted to see me ? - Angel . Shut the door , please . Yeah . [ Clears Throat ] I thought maybe we could , uh , have lunch together . Is something wrong ? Why does something have to be wrong when a father asks his daughter to lunch ? It doesn 't . It 's just - I 'm sorry , Daddy . I didn 't mean it that way . Oh , that 's all right . I probably deserved it . I just thought we could sit down and - [ Clears Throat ] talk ... for a while . God knows you 've - you 've been through a lot , huh ? - I would love to have lunch with you . - Good . Good . - We need to speak with you , alone . - Not now , Raines . - It 'll have to wait . - It can 't . - [ Chuckles ] - [ Brigitte ] Sweetheart . [ Kissing ] - Ooh ! - Ooh ! That 's okay , Daddy . I seem to have lost my appetite anyway . I 'm sorry , angel . We 'll try another time . Hmm ? I 've just received a priority-one intercept from Ellesmere Island . - Our research facility ? - There 's been a breach in security . Someone has compromised the Alpha Project . It appears to be Major Charles . Jarod 's father ? - Jarod 's father was at Ellesmere ? - [ Mr. Lyle ] Was and still could be . Raines , I thought you made an aching void out of the good major a long time ago ! - So did I. - God , if the Triumvirate hears about this - [ Raines ] We must proceed with caution , but without delay . Find out everything you can about Major Charles and this breach . [ Mr. Parker ] Raines , I thought you made an aching void out of the good major a long time ago ! - So did I. - God , if the Triumvirate hears about this - [ Raines ] We must proceed with caution , but without delay . Find out everything you can about Major Charles and this breach . No matter what it takes , no one is to know what went on there . [ Rewinding ] - Jarod 's father was at Ellesmere ? - [ Mr. Lyle ] Was and still could be . [ Man Narrating ] There are Pretenders among us . [ Jarod ] I was taken from my family . Thirty-six hours and he 's already demonstrating more talent than any of our others . How many people died because of what I thought up ? Since I broke out , I 've spent every moment searching for my past . [ Miss Parker ] He 's a Pretender - A genius who can become anyone that he wants to be . - The Centre wants him alive . - Preferably . [ Miss Parker ] He defends the weak and abused . Life 's a gift . - You a doctor ? - I am today . - Repeat , 25-Bravo-Tango . - [ Man On Radio ] You heard me . I 'm droppin ' off another addition to your little Arctic oasis . Check again , sport . We 're not scheduled for any new arrivals till spring . My orders say you 're gettin ' a new scientist now . You got a problem , you take it up with someone who cares . I 'm out of here . Two hours of daylight 's about up , and one hell of a front 's headin 'in . Waah , waah , waah . Captain , we got company . [ Groans ] [ Man ] This place has quite a history . It 's built on top of the original station from 1920 . That first team , all eight of 'em ? Found ' em froze to death a year later . Didn 't even get the bodies out until the ' 40s . It 's been cursed here ever since . Let 's just say I have my reasons for being here . See this photograph ? I realize it 's old , but I have reason to believe that this man was here recently . - Did you bring him ? - Not me . You 're the only person I 've seen crazy enough to come up here in months . The end of the road . Maybe you should come in until this blows over . It 's getting worse . I 'd rather take my chances out here in this weather than inside of that place . - Good luck . - Thanks . Hey ! Close the freakin ' door ! It 's 40 below out there ! It 's actually 85 below with wind chill , but who 's counting ? Hi . My name is Jarod , Jarod Meade . You must be the welcoming committee . No , I 'm Smitty . I run the comm . What the hell are you doin ' here ? I 'm a climatologist with Earthwatch . I 'm here to monitor weather systems . - Oh , uh , like that El Niño thing ? - Something like that . - The chopper didn 't leave , did it ? - Hold on ! Slow down ! Ain 't nobody goin ' anywhere today . The chopper 's already gone . No ! I gotta get out of here before - [ Unintelligible Shouts ] Hey , you 're gonna freeze to death if you go out there , pal . All right , uh , get on the radio and call the chopper back . I 'm not gonna do that , Manny . Eh - You - You get on that radio , and you call that chopper back ! - Now ! - I couldn 't if I wanted to , man . There 's a storm comin 'in . There aren 't gonna be no choppers for days . - You 're lyin ' ! - He 's telling you the truth . The chopper can 't come back now . - Who the hell are you ? - My name is Jarod . I can 't get you out now , but I 'll do whatever it takes to get you out as soon as possible . You can do it ? Put the bottle down . Yeah . Uh , I don 't want to hurt no one , you know ? I just , uh - I just can 't stay here . L - I gotta get out of here . - It 'll be okay , Manny . - Your hand is bleeding . - Is there a doctor here ? - Yeah . Um , l-I 'm sorry , you know ? I just , uh ... gotta get out of here before the - the Qallupilluit gets me . Yeah . - Did he cut me ? - I think you 're going to be okay . Thanks , man . You can hang your parka on a - on a hook there . - Thanks . Qallupilluit ? - Yeah . It 's about a local legend or somethin 'up here . See , Manny 's a geology tech . He 's a really nice guy ... but I think he 's been blastin a little too much dynamite lately . I mean , he-he talks kinda crazy sometimes , but , uh ... I 've never seen him that cranked up . Well , when you 're done here , I 'll show you the rest of the freak show . Now , what letters make a cook dishonest ? Yes ? [ Together ] " R. " Put the " R " after " C " ... and " cook " becomes " crook . " Very good . And , um ... how do you make mice ... cold ? You know , sometimes you two really scare me . [ Whispering ] We 're studying the effects of aging on memory processing and retrieval . Using identical twins as controls . Would it be possible for the both of you ... to stop playing Mr. Wizard long enough for me to ask a question ? - Sure . - Absolutely . - Something 's going on with Mr. Raines . - When isn 't there ? He slithered into my father 's office with Lyle and the troll . Practically threw me out . Oh , that must have been because of that priority-one intercept that Raines received . - What intercept ? - I didn 't tell you ? What ? If Dr. Freud can spare you from this sideshow ... I want you to find out what the other one 's about . Uh ... about those mice - You know , the first thing you learn ... is bein ' on top of the world is the last place you want to be . Oh , Captain ! Captain , this is , uh , Jarod Meade . He 's doin ' . uh , hole-in-the-ozone research . Put that damn thing out , will ya ? Jarod . - [ Jarod ] Hi , how are you ? - Did I stutter , Smitty ? Put it out . Seeing as how I 'm in charge , you want to explain how I haven 't heard anything about this ? [ Jarod ] You receive scientists from a variety of institutes . I imagine that lines of communication get crossed from time to time . - As I learned in the military - - Crossed communications get people killed . Well , you say it all the time . What I have here , Jarod , is people who track glacial flow ... monitor ocean temperatures and take core samples . What I don 't have are any orders for some Weather Channel veejay . My authorization papers . I 'm here to evaluate the effects of ozone depletions for a congressional study . - Senator Bruckmeyer himself ? - Yes , sir . Well , I 'm gonna check this out . Smitty , for now , put him in the , uh , guest quarters . - [ Manny ] Thanks , Doc . - This way , Ozone . [ Doc ] You might want to wait a few days before you go blasting any new holes outside . Here . Keep that wrapped . [ Murmurs ] - How 's your hand ? - A little sore . Hello . My name is Jarod . - Raymond Moore . The guys call me Doc . - It 's a pleasure , Doc . I gotta admit . We 're all a little surprised to see you here . By the looks on everyone 's face , you don 't get too many visitors around here . Tour of duty 's 12 months . I 'm the only one here on permanent assignment . - I 'm not sure if that makes me dedicated or crazy . - Hm ! Hey , Doc , I gotta show him where he 's staying . Come on . Nice to meet you , Doc . - You know , you gotta excuse our mess . - [ Man ] You know what ? You can just kiss my butt , all right ? Lady , you are so full of it ! You know what ? I am not a lab rat , and I am sick and tired of you pickin ' my brain . So from now on , you know what you do ? Stay the hell away from me . - Joe , look , it - - It 's Joe Taylor , all right ? - Can you say that ? Tay-lor ! - Whatever . - Exactly . - What , Beth giving ' you a hard time again ? [ Scoffs ] Man , as long as she 's breathin ' , all right ? - Yo , so you must be the new , uh , El Niño guy . - Wha - [ Chuckles ] - Yeah . - Yeah . How did you know ? Word travels fast in the igloo , you know , with the echo and all . [ Electrical Crackling , Whining ] Excuse me , ladies . I got a generator to check . You weren 't asking 'Joe Taylor about his feelings again , were ya ? The problem is none of you guys have any . Ah , cute . Beth 's up here in the freezer doin ' her doctoral thesis in psych . Oh . Uh , I have a , uh ... friend of mine who 's a psychiatrist . Lucky you . You 'll need one after you 've been up here for a while . - What 's she studying ? - Us . She 's into the cabin-fever B. S. - you know , like , why people in Minnesota , they - they start blowin ' their brains out and killin ' each other when they get snowed in . Has something like that happened here ? Is that why she came ? Uh , l-You know , l-l - I don 't - She 's got some fat grant from some outfit in Delaware . The Centre . Uh , hey , you know , maybe . I don 't know . L-I 'm - I 'm just the radio geek . Well , here we are - the guest quarters . Well , uh , it ain 't exactly the Westin , but , uh , the toilet flushes ... - most of the time . - No wonder you don 't get many visitors . Well , make yourself at home . I gotta get back to station . Seems like everyone around here 's a little sensitive about that subject - visitors , I mean . Well , like Doc said , uh , we don 't get no new blood . No one ? Has this man been here ? You figure out a way to get me south of the 50th parallel ... maybe I 'll tell you about all the weird stuff that goes on around here . [ Mellow ] [ Sniffing Deeply ] - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - [ Raines Moaning ] [ Phone Beeps ] Yes ? What ? Are you sure it 's Jarod ? No . On the contrary . This can work to our advantage . I 'll tell you when and how to proceed . - [ Cracking ] - Oh ! - [ Beeps Off ] - That 's it . That 's the spot , Harry . [ Moaning ] Raines , I thought you made an aching void out of the good major a long time ago ! - So did I. - God , if the Triumvirate hears about this - We must proceed with caution , but without delay . Find out everything you can about Major Charles and this breach . [ Punches Key ] What did you find ? And are you still here ? [ Rattling ] [ Pounding ] [ Radio Chatter , Faint ] [ Classical ] [ Labored Breathing ] [ Computer Beeps ] [ Beeping ] [ Rapid Beeping ] [ Doorknob Rattling ] [ Rapid Typing ] Hey ! What do you think you 're doing ? I was just checking on the weather . Hope you don 't mind . Well , I mind if you 're using my computer ! Well , my terminal hasn 't been set up yet , so I thought we could share . Uh , I don 't " share . " You don 't smile much either , do you ? - As a matter of fact , no one smiles much around here . - Oh , please . Even for a psychologist , it must be difficult to figure out ... who has cabin fever and who doesn 't . - What 's that supposed to mean ? - We all share the same cabin . - Major Charles arrived at the station three weeks ago . - Is he still there ? - We 're not sure . - What about the project ? The entire file has been accessed . We must assume he knows everything . - There 's something else . - What ? - [ Door Opens ] - [ Woman ] Right this way . [ Chattering ] Jarod has appeared , and he 's still there . Jarod ? Well , get a Sweeper team up there right now ! We 've been trying . The weather won 't cooperate . What about our inside - What about our inside people ? Are they up to speed on this ? Totally . I 've issued specific orders on how to handle everything , including Jarod . We 're covering all of our tracks . We 're just waiting to see what Major Charles 's next move is . - In other words , we 're a day late and a dollar short . - As usual . [ Wheels Squeaking ] [ Classical ] - [ Door Opens ] - Hey ! - What are you doin ' down here this time of night ? - [ Door Shuts ] [ Volume Increases ] - [ Klaxon Blaring ] - Smitty ! Smitty ! [ Grunting ] Aah ! [ Indistinct Shout ] Get the lights ! Get Doc ! - Move over ! - There 's no pulse . Smitty 's dead . Must have blacked out from smoke or solvent fumes . Must 've fallen , hit his head on the table corner , knocked himself out ... - died of smoke inhalation . - That 's a hell of a head injury for a table corner . Doc , listen , I 'll feel better if you get Smitty down to the infirmary ... give his body a closer look , all right ? I 'm not a pathologist , but I 'll see what I can find out . - I gotta call this in . - Don 't even bother . This thing is busted . - That 's not good . - Oh , my God ! Is he dead ? We have to notify the authorities and - and his family . We can 't . The radio 's completely shot . We have no communication with the outside world . - Yeah , so no one can hear us scream for help . - Hey , Manny . I told you . The Qallupilluit 's gonna get us ! It 's gonna get us all ! Trapped in a storm , people are dying , no way out - This is like a dream come true for you , isn 't it ? [ Scoffs ] [ Broots 's Voice ] You 're never in your wildest dreams gonna believe this . [ Broots 's Voice ] You 're never in your wildest dreams gonna believe this . The intercept Raines received concerns a compromise of a secret Centre research site . Why , let me guess : Jarod ? No ! Jarod 's father . Major Charles ? - Where ? - Well , uh ... I don 't know where , and I - I don 't - I don 't know ... uh , what the project is yet . Broots , I think you know how important this is to me . I do , and I 'm going back to work right now . [ Clears Throat ] I know you believe thatJarod 's father may be responsible for your mother 's death - Is responsible for my mother 's death - a score I intend to settle . Don 't let your desire for revenge cloud your judgment , Parker . - If we ever find Major Charles - - [ Beeping ] He 'll be much more valuable to us alive ... than he would dead . - I didn 't hear you come in . - I came to offer my assistance with Smitty 's autopsy ... but I ... guess I 'm too late . - I thought you were a weatherman , not a coroner . - Let 's just say I 'm versatile . Someone with more pathology experience ... should examine the body when we get him out of here . - For now , I 'm confident I 've been able to establish the cause of death . - [ Clattering ] - What 'd you find out ? - No surprises - mild concussion , no other signs of injury . - Cause of death : Accidental , due to smoke inhalation . - Accidental ? It better be . If it wasn 't , then one of us did it . - Jarod , let 's talk . - In a minute . Jarod , right now ! You mind tellin ' me what that was back there ? Smitty 's death was not accidental . Listen , pal , this place breeds cabin fever and paranoia . If the doc says it was an accident , then it was . Case closed . There 's more going on here than cabin fever , and Smitty knew it . There 's something very wrong here . I can feel it and so do you . If there 's something goin ' on here , that just makes the stress on the men that much worse . - It 's my job to keep this place from fallin ' apart . - Someone will come for us . You taken a look out there lately ? It 'll be days . Not even those crazy Inuits and their dog sleds go out in weather like this . Until then , we are stranded . I don 't need any loose talk makin 'things worse . You understand ? [ Labored Breathing ] [ Relieved Sigh ] You scared the hell out of me . You mind if I join you ? Is that yours ? - My son . - He 's cute . - You must be very proud . - I never even seen him . My wife found out she was pregnant just after I shipped up here . Got two months left on my contract . They won 't let me go home . I 'm never gonna see him . Of course you will . You 'll be going home soon . No , I 'm not . No one 's goin ' home alive . Manny . Manny ! Manny . - What 's Qallupilluit ? - An old Inuit story ... about an evil creature that lives in the ice cracks . It kills those that get too close . Smitty said there was a stranger here . Did you see anybody ? The Qallupilluit is here . It 's under the station . I hear him sometimes at night . - Where under the station ? - I don 't know ! I hear him from my bunk . He 's in the floor , in the walls , everywhere ! This man was here . Have you seen him ? I want to see my son and my wife ! - You promised you 'd get me out of here ! - Manny , Manny ! Hey , hey , hey ! Come on . Manny , you all right ? You okay ? Look - [ Clanging ] Why don 't you go to the doc and have him take a look at that , okay ? Go ahead . Manny 's goin ' through a lot of stress right now . He doesn 't need you makin ' it worse , okay ? - What 's he so stressed out about ? - It 's none of your business . You know , I really don 't know who you are . But ever since you showed up here , things have been going from bad to worse . So why don 't you just - Manny , what ? What ? - What ? What ? Talk to me , man ! - It got - It got - It got Doc ! - The Qallupilluit ! It got Doc ! - Get the captain . Come on ! Doc ! Doc . The incinerator ! - Doc 's death was no accident . - You implying ' that one of us is a killer ? I warned you the men were experiencing disturbing levels of isolation stress ... - and that they were at the breaking point ! - You got somethin 'to say ? Say it , all right ? It wasn 't me ! - Then why did you decide to go to the infirmary when you did ? - I tore my stitches ! When ? When you were struggling with Doc , or when you threw him in the incinerator ? - What ? - Wait a minute ! I know what you 're doin ' ! You put things in people 's minds that don 't even belong there . Don 't walk away from me ! [ Beth ] Get away from me ! Back off , Joe ! - Where was you when we found Doc ? - Everybody , calm down ! What did you say ? What about you ? - Maybe this is all of your doing , huh ? - Maybe it wasn 't any one of us . Maybe there 's someone here with us . [ Scoffs ] What , like Manny 's Qallupilluit ? No , he 's right , man . I seen someone . A man , comin 'and goin 'with the Inuits . He was with them a couple of weeks ago . Joe saw him too . - No . No , I didn 't . - Joe . Joe , you saw him . - You were with me , man . - Joe Taylor , talk to us . I caught a glimpse of him when they were delivering ' the supplies . Did anybody see him leave ? [ Gasps ] Joe Taylor , check the generator , then bolt the door to the mechanical room . We lose power in a storm like this , it 's a death sentence for all of us . Manny , salvage whatever you can from the infirmary . We may need it before this is over . When you guys are finished , you come back in here . - We 're gonna stay together till we get help from the outside . - If outside help arrives . - Shut up ! - Tell me , why are you the one that gets to keep the gun ? 'Cause I am the one with the gun . Now do what I told ya . Come on , man . Come on . I have no idea what the hell 's goin ' on around here ... but I sure in hell am gonna find out . [ Mr. Parker ] Find out everything you can ... about Major Charles and this breach . - Where did you get this ? - Someone from within the Centre ... e-mailed a video of your father 's office to an off-site location . - All I had to do was retrieve the original feed . - That 's why they made me leave . Good work . Broots . - Who sent it ? - Well , it 's hard to say . - But I know who it was sent to . - Jarod ? Yeah . From what I can tell , Major Charles found out ... - about something called the Alpha Project . - Never heard of it . - Neither have we . - [ Clears Throat ] Well , whatever it is , it 's being run ... from an Arctic research station funded by the Centre . Obviously , Major Charles was there - may still be . Cinch up your long johns , boys . We 're heading north . Gonna heat things up a little bit . [ Mechanical Whining ] [ Labored Breathing ] So everything is goin like you planned . Except for that guy , Jarod , man . He 's gonna be a problem . So what do you want to do next ? Angel , about yesterday , I - Wh-What are you doing ? Isn 't that the gun that , uh - When your mother was , uh - - Are you here for lunch , Daddy ? - Something bothering you ? Yeah . Major Charles . Why didn 't you tell me about this ? Well , you 've been through enough . I just didn 't want to see you like this . I 'm going to Ellesmere , Daddy . We don 't even know whether Major Charles is still there . What are you really afraid of ? That I may find Major Charles - [ Whispers ] Or what drove him there ? - [ Screams ] - It 's just me . It 's just me . - What are you doing ? - All right , just calm down . I 'm not the killer , and I don 't think you are . Could we just talk ? [ Crying ] No ! Wait ! Wait , please don 't go . I 'm sorry . I 'm - Please , sit down . I just - I think I 'm losing it . - What do you really think 's going on around here ? - I can 't explain it . It 's like there 's something insidious growing here - something that 's destroying us all . Like what ? [ Sniffles ] Call it insanity ... or whatever you want . It 's the same thing . You can see it in the eyes of the men . It 's the capacity for evil that lies dormant in all of us ... only something here is bringing it to life . The visitor - the person who Manny saw . - Was he this man ? - Yeah , that 's the guy . It 's a younger version ofhim , but that 's the guy . I saw him talking to the captain , and the captain gave him a package . Beth , do you think he could still be here ? Do you think this is the man who killed Doc and Smitty ? It 's possible . I heard Doc tell the captain that he was dangerous and capable of doing anything ... which is why I came to get the knife . I don 't trust anyone - except maybe you . Maybe . [ Electrical Crackling ] - The generator . - Oh , my God . [ Beth ] Oh , my God ! Joe ! Joe ! Don 't touch him ! [ Beth Grunts ] He 's dead . No , man ! No ! Joe , come on , get up , man ! Stop playin ' around , man ! Get up ! - You did this . - Manny , come on now . First you killed Smitty . Then you burned up Doc . Manny , stop it right there . - Then you sentJoe Taylor in here to check on the generator . - Manny - Please don 't make me do this . I 'm not waitin ' around to be next ! - [ Jarod ] Captain , no ! - Crazy bastard ! You forced me to do that ! You didn 't have to shoot him ! God , Manny , are you okay ? We 're gonna take you to the infirmary . This 'll stop the bleeding . It 's just a flesh wound . He needs medical attention . Is that right ? - What are you doing ? - I know I 'm not the killer . Jarod was with me when the power went out . It couldn 't be either one of us . - Then maybe the both of you did it . - [ Jarod ] Maybe it 's none of us . If you let me take a look at Smitty 's body , maybe I can tell you who the killer is . The only thing you 're gonna take a look at is the inside of that storage locker ... where I 'm gonna put you till I figure out what to do . Now get him up ! - Put us in there , man , ' cause I 'm gonna kill you . - Now ! Worse than the Qallupilluit will ever get you , man . I 'm comin ' after you , Captain ! - Let 's go ! Let 's go ! - Comin 'after you , man ! - Let 's go , people ! Move ! - It 's gonna get you good ! Manny , shut up ! Wait a minute . We got a problem . I was here right before the power went out . I know I locked this door . What is it ? Dynamite 's missing . So either the two of you are lying , or we are not alone . [ Manny ] Our Father , who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name . Thy kingdom come , thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven . - That should do for now . - Thanks . Both the generators are blown . We 're gonna need these coats . Manny ? We 're gonna get out of here now . - What 'd you find ? - Your Qallupilluit . What do you mean ? If you want to find the killer , we have to find a dead man . - [ Broots ] Wow ! Sydney , look at those clouds . - It 's an Arctic front . I 've never seen anything like that . Miss Parker , take a look . I 'll catch it in National Geographic . How much longer ? [ Woman ] Looks like I 'm gonna have to put down for a few hours at a Canadian air base . - Weather 's still too rough to get any closer - - Great . If we can 't get in , they can 't get out . I don 't understand . What dead man ? There 's no sign of searing or smoke in his lungs . - He was dead before the fire because of the blow to his head . - Why would Doc lie ? The scalpel that we all assumed killed Doc is covered with 0-positive blood . But according to his chart , Doc 's blood type was B-negative . W-We saw the skeleton in the incinerator . Remember your laboratory skeleton ? It 's missing . - Doc killed Smitty ? - [ Beth ] And faked his own death . - But someone had to have helped him . - Joe Taylor . He was probably helping Doc all along . When Doc faked his own death , he had to killJoe Taylor to cover his tracks . Doc is still here doin ' all this ? Why ? Maybe we should ask the captain . What ? You know more about what 's going on in this place than you are letting on . - I knew you were a part of this . - He 's not . But he knew who the visitor was ... and why he was here . It was you that Major Charles came to see in the first place . What do you know about Major Charles ? He 's my father . [ Door Opens ] Sorry , guys . It 's still gonna be 24 hours before we can get a chopper in there . Thank you , Captain . - [ Door Shuts ] - [ Exhales ] - Are you okay ? - I 'm fine . Are you prepared for what or who we may find out there ? I 'm not sure . This is ... surreal . So much of my life - my mother 's death , the Centre , Jarod - all leading to this moment . There 's a sense of something ... ominous waiting for us . - Overwhelming sense of impending doom ? - What ? - Nothing . - I just hope we 're not too late . Your father and I served together in the air force - Circle of Fire Unit . My wife and I were very close to him and to your mom . We helped him search for you for years . Several years after your disappearance , I heard that the major had been murdered . A little over a year ago , your father contacted me . - Why ? - To tell me what the Centre had done to him and to his family . You see , Jarod , he - he never stopped searching ' for you . Then he found out what the Centre was workin 'on here ... under cover of this research facility - - And he asked for your help . - And I agreed . The idea was to expose the plan and then hopefully reunite him with his family - with you . My guess is there is another research facility on-site ... probably somewhere near . It took me a little over eight months to come to the same conclusion . It 's right down here . [ Beth ] This must be what 's left of the original station from the ' 20s . [ Captain ] With a slight modification . Its own independent power source . I finally found this place several weeks ago . - I was able to get the evidence your father was lookin 'for . - [ Beth ] Evidence of what ? What they were actually researching here . [ Jarod ] This equipment - - It was used for amino-acid sequencing . - Why would they need that here ? They were doing genetic research . Amino acids ... are sequenced in an infinite number of patterns ... which in turn form the basic building blocks for all life - D.N.A. - In this case , human D.N.A. - Dr. Moore was working on the Human Genome Project . More than working . Dr. Moore was a brilliant geneticist . He had completed mapping the human genome years ago . While the rest of science attempts what he 's already achieved . - What 's a genome ? - A genetic blueprint for human life . - You mean he figured out God 's cookbook for human beings ? - Exactly . But why hide such a significant discovery ? Unleashing the secrets could be used to benefit mankind . Or unleash a Qallupilluit . What was the Centre planning on doing with this research ? I don 't know . Your father discovered their secret . - They 're using this research to create a - - [ Gunshot ] [ Screaming ] [ Doc ] I knew when we met , you weren 't here to watch the weather . - What have you done with my father ? - Unfortunately , nothing . He found what he came for and left before I was able to stop him . - If your father hadn 't come , none of this 'd be necessary . - [ Groaning ] - You mean , killing everybody , you crazy son of a bitch ? - Yes , Manuel . - You took the dynamite . - No one can ever know what happened here . There 's a timer set to detonate in three minutes , but ... you needn 't fear that blast . [ Jarod ] Beth , look out ! [ Gunshot ] You okay ? - [ Manny ] He 's dead . - [ Shuddering ] - Captain . - [ Gasping ] - I 'm going to get you out of here . - There 's no time . You have to get Beth and Manny out of here before it blows . Use this . My friends at the Inuit camp monitor the same band . - They 'll help you like they helped your father . - My father ? I sent him to my daughter 's . You 'll find him there . Oh - Oh , God . Give her this . [ Gasping , Shuddering ] Tell my daughter I love her . I will . I promise you . Captain , what was it that my father found here ? It wasn 't just ... any human genome they were working on . It was yours . [ Panting ] Captain . Captain ! - We have to go now . - [ Manny ] Come on , man . She 's right . We gotta go . - [ Beth ] Jarod , come on ! - [ Beeps ] - Jarod , now ! - [ Manny ] Come on ! [ Dogs Yipping ]
