 We don 't have to be out here , you know . It 's not like you 're still in high school . We can go to the motel . - I wouldn 't want anyone to see us . - No one will see us . It 's a small town . George ... Come on , George . - Why 'd you change your mind anyway ? - You 're pretty persistent , I guess . - Squeaky wheel gets the oil ? - I guess so . What 's wrong with right here ? I could set the blanket down and ... - Not yet . - Why not ? Because ... you have to catch me first . Oh , come on now ! You don 't want me to chase after you , do ya ? Paula ! Paula ? Paula ... Where are you ? Son of a bitch ! X-Files Season 2 Episode 24 - Our Town I don 't know , Scully . The man hasn 't been seen or heard from in ten weeks . Come on , Mulder . They 're wasting our time . They 're sending us on some kind of a wild-goose chase . Chicken chase . George Kearns was a poultry inspector assigned to Dudley , Arkansas home of Chaco Chicken . I 'm not questioning the legitimacy of the case , just their motives in assigning it . Doesn 't it bother you that they 're undermining you ? They may think they are , but on the night he disappeared a woman on the I-10 saw a strange fire in an adjacent field . I read that report . She claims that she saw some kind of a foxfire spirit . I 'm surprised she didn 't call Oprah after the police . 19th-century tales from the Ozarks describe people being taken away by fireballs . - The spirits of massacred Indians . - Those are only legends . Well , most legends don 't leave behind 12-foot burn marks . That was taken by state police in the field where the woman saw foxfire . - This could have been made by a bonfire . - I thought so , too . Until I remembered this . A documentary I saw when I was in college about an insane asylum . - It gave me nightmares . - I thought nothing gave you nightmares . I was young . They , uh ... See , they took ... They , uh ... They took me away . They took me away ... This ... The fire demons . The fire demons ... wanted their pound of flesh . But , uh I 'm too fast for ' em . You cannot kill them . You can 't let them kill you . Oh , no ... No , don 't let them kill you . That 's no way to get to heaven . No , sir ... No , sir . That is no way to get to heaven . His name was Creighton Jones . He pulled off the road on May 17th 1961 to take a nap . They found him three days later so deranged by what he 'd seen that he was committed . The state police found his car on the I-10 , right in the middle of Dudley , Arkansas home of Chaco Chicken . What 's this , Mulder ? That 's a witches ' peg . Staking it into the ground is supposed to ward off evil spirits . Can I help you folks ? I 'm Sheriff Arens . I saw you back at the turn-off . FBI . I 'm Special Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . We 're investigating George Kearns 's disappearance . I 'm happy to help you , but I 'm not sure how much there is to investigate . - Sheriff , a man is missing . - We found no evidence of criminal activity . Since no body turned up , we just filed a missing person 's report . Why didn 't you mention this witches ' peg in your report ? Because these hills are filled with witches ' pegs . These old hill people cling tight to their superstitions . - What about the scorched area ? - Illegal trash burn . I keep handing out the citations . They keep doing it anyway . Cheaper to pay a fine than haul it to the dump . - So you don 't believe it 's foxfire ? - Sir foxfire 's nothing more than a ghost story about swamp gas . Listen , Kearns was passin ' through town ever since he got here six months ago . - How do you mean ? - Never did fit in . Not at the plant , not even in his own home . - He cheated on his wife every chance he got . - Did he have many chances ? George is the type of man you 'd expect to go chasin ' some sweet young thing out of town . - Is that what his wife thinks happened ? - Push comes to shove , I 'm sure she does . But you 're welcome to ask her yourself . My husband had a character that leaves something out . I always knew that about him but I didn 't have the sense to do anything about it . I guess he saved me the trouble . So you 're fairly certain that he left you for somebody else ? George left me a long time ago , right around the time I turned 40 . Leavin ' town was just a formality . - Do you know who he might be with now ? - No . And I don 't wanna know , either . He was about to file this inspection report with the Department of Agriculture the day before he disappeared . - I know nothing about that . - He never discussed his work with you ? - He never told me and I never asked . He cited several health violations . He was gonna recommend the plant be shut down . I don 't know a thing about what went on in that plant . Did he ever receive threatening phone calls or anything unusual in the mail ? There were hang-ups , but I always thought it was one of his girlfriends . I 'm gonna give you my phone number . If your husband tries to contact you , I want you to get in touch with me . Or if you can think of anything else . Come on , Paula . Let 's go ! This is Jess Harold , the floor manager . Jess , these people are with the FBI . You 're here about George Kearns ? His disappearance may have something to do with a report he was about to file with the Department of Agriculture . Ever since he got here , George was trying to shut us down . - He cited multiple violations . - I know . I had to answer to each one of them . Was there any merit to his claims ? Let me show you something . Paula , are you OK ? This is where George worked . Every chicken passes through the inspectors ' station . We 've been here 50 years and had no trouble with the USDA until George came along . - So he really did threaten to shut it down . - Oh , he tried . But we got three other inspectors here consistently give us top marks . Here . See for yourself . The only problem this plant had was George . Problem enough to do something about ? If you mean any kind of unsavouriness , I guess anything 's possible . George had a bone to pick with everyone , even the federal government . - What do you mean ? - He filed a compensation suit . Claimed he was getting terrible headaches . " Line hypnosis " his lawyers called it . Yeah , it 's caused by high-speed repetitive activity . I don 't deny a lot of chickens go through here but we operate within federal guidelines . What happened to his lawsuit ? It was dismissed , just a few weeks before he disappeared . What 's that ? Oh , that . Feed grinder . Chops up bone , tissue . See , any part of the bird we can 't package , we process and use as feed . - Chickens feed on chickens ? - It doesn 't sound appetising . But it is nutritious and cuts down on cost . The meat is cooked , then mixed with grain . No reason to let all that protein go to waste . - Excuse me . I got a shift change . - Howdy , Sheriff . Logan . Mulder , ready to admit they sent us on a fool 's errand ? If the fool would persist in his folly , he 'd become wise . Whether Kearns left or was killed , this could have been handled by any Kansas City agent . I 'm not so sure about that . Let him go ! We 're federal agents . Everyone stay calm ! Don 't hurt him ! Tell us what you want . Don 't get excited . Just calm down . Stay calm ! You don 't want anyone to get hurt . We can talk this thing out . Why don 't you give me the knife ? You OK ? Do you have any idea why she attacked you ? - None at all . - No recent complaints or strange behaviour ? Paula has always been one of our best employees . Stable , well-liked . I can 't begin to imagine what brought this on . Dr Randolph , do you have any ideas ? If you 're done with me , I got work to do . Come by tomorrow and let me make sure it 's not infected . Sure . Uh ... Paula came by last week , complaining of persistent headaches . She had suddenly started getting irritable , unable to sleep . - Did you determine the cause ? - I 'm just the staff physician . I usually only treat hand injuries so I 'm a little out of my depth on psychiatric matters . Was anything physically wrong with her ? I sent her to County for a brain scan and an EEG . Both came back normal , so I assumed her condition was stress-related . - Could it have been line hypnosis ? - I 'm not qualified to make that diagnosis . But you can tell us whether George Kearns had similar complaints . They presented similar symptoms , yeah . - How did you treat them ? - Both with pain medication-codeine . I think an autopsy on Paula Gray would clarify things . I 'm , uh ... afraid I can 't authorise that . - That 's up to Mr Chaco . - Why ? You 're her physician . Yeah , but Mr Chaco was Paula Gray 's grandfather ... and her legal guardian . Mr Chaco ? Feedin ' these chickens helps me clear my mind . They 're perfect creatures , you know . We eat their meat , their eggs , sleep on pillows stuffed with their feathers . Not many people I know are as useful as these chickens . Sorry to disturb you , sir . We realise this is difficult for you . You wanna conduct an autopsy on my granddaughter . Why ? You think Paula had some disease that made her act that way ? That 's what we 're hoping a postmortem will determine . I thought your business was Kearns 's disappearance . It is , but it may be linked with what happened to your granddaughter . How ? It 's possible they may have both suffered from the same neurological disorder . You know , when I came here after the war , Dudley was just a patch of dirt . I built that plant and put my whole family to work there . We made this town one of the biggest chicken processors in the nation . We couldn 't have done that with troublemakers and layabouts . I assume you mean George Kearns . Men like George Kearns don 't build things . They tend to tear ' em down . Then you 're aware of his recommendation to close down your plant ? You know livin ' a long life is a mixed blessing . You spend your youth trying to build something for yourself and your family and your community , only to watch it all taken away from you at your old age . Still I 'm not ready to die just yet . You go do your autopsy on Paula . I wanna know what happened to my granddaughter . I think we 've got something here , Mulder . - Take a look . - What am I looking at ? A specimen from Paula 's brain . She had a rare degenerative disorder called Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . It 's characterised by the formation of holes in the brain tissue . - Why didn 't they show up on her charts ? - Short of an autopsy , it 's hard to diagnose . I 've only seen infected tissue once , back in medical school . - Could it be why she attacked Jess Harold ? - Absolutely . Victims of Creutzfeldt-Jakob suffer from progressive dementia , severe seizures . - Is it fatal ? - This girl would have been dead in months . Except that Paula Gray was no girl . This is her personnel file . Check it out . It says here that Paula Gray was born in 1948 which means that this woman , Chaco 's granddaughter , was 47 years old . There must be a mistake . Let 's find out . Her birth certificate should be on file at the courthouse . Who knows , Scully ? This could turn out to be even more interesting than foxfire . The odds that they both had the same disease are practically nonexistent . Creutzfeldt-Jakob can be hereditary , but it 's not communicable . That two unrelated people in one town contracted the same rare disease is ... A lot more likely than Paula Gray being three years shy of her 50th birthday . Mulder , look out ! Call an ambulance ! I 'll try to get the driver out . This is Federal Agent Scully . I 'd like to report an accident ... I just got off the phone with Dr Randolph . He said this driver had the same symptoms . You 're saying this is a third victim ? You told me two cases are statistically impossible . They would be . I just came up with a sick theory , Mulder . Ooh , I 'm listening . You saw the feed grinders at the plant . What if somebody put Kearns 's body in there ? This is a prion disease , so it may have passed on to the chickens and whoever ate them . So anyone eating the chickens would be at risk ? It 's possible . In England they incinerate cattle to stop them passing on mad cow disease . These chickens are shipped all over the country . If you 're right , we 'd be seeing an epidemic , not just a few local cases . Sheriff ? What 's wrong with this water ? Runoff from the plant . Chicken litter , mostly . Some blood and parts . Was this river searched after Kearns disappeared ? Are you kiddin ' ? A needle in a haystack ! I 'd like it dragged as soon as possible . Why would you wanna do that ? To see what 's in there . That 's a filthy job , and I would first like to know what you 're lookin ' for . Hopefully , nothing . Look , Sheriff , if you don 't wanna do it , I can get some of my men to do it . I 'll do it . - Mulder ... - It 's just a hunch . If Kearns didn 't run off , if he was murdered for that report then his body 's gotta be somewhere . We closed the spillway and the water level dropped . - They came up with it almost immediately . - Did you find Kearns ? Maybe you 'd better see for yourself . Sheriff Arens is outside . They 're still pulling bones from the river . Well , so far I 've been able to isolate nine distinct skeletons . This one belonged to the late George Kearns . - How do you know ? - The pin ... in his femur . According to his medical file , Kearns broke his right leg four years ago . - What about the others ? - I 'll need more sophisticated equipment but I estimate that some of these bones are as much as 20 or 30 years old . All of them share one strange detail , though . - They seem to have lost their heads . - Besides that . The older bones show signs of decay and abrasion , like you 'd expect . But for some reason all of them , even Kearns 's , are smooth and buffed at the ends . It 's almost like they 've been polished . It could be erosion from the water ... Well , that water had hardly any current . This level of erosion wouldn 't be confined to just the ends of the bones . - Any theories ? - Maybe . Sheriff ... - Doris . - Is it true ? Just tell me . - Doris , I want you to listen to me . - They found him , didn 't they ? We brought up quite a few remains at the river this afternoon . George 's were among them . I 'm sorry . Listen , I 'm really sorry . It 's gonna be all right . Don 't worry , Doris . We 'll take care of you . Doris ? - Dee , that the new schedule ? - Yeah . Looks good . Why do I get the feeling you 're not here to check up on my neck ? - They found bones in the river . - I know . I heard . Did you also hear that Clayton Walsh came down with the symptoms ? That 's four . It 's getting worse with every day that goes by . - Someone has to tell Mr Chaco . - He knows , but he 's not doing anything . - Maybe I should talk to him . - You can try . I will talk to him . He 'll listen to me . And if he doesn 't ? I had Danny run a check on missing persons last seen within a 200-mile radius of Dudley . In the last 50 years 87 people have disappeared near here . Judging from the forensic evidence , I 'd say the same person or persons was responsible . It may have been the work of a cult . Scully , I think that the good people of Dudley have been eating more than just chicken . - You think these people were eaten ? - Look at these bones . They 've been polished at both ends , suggesting they were boiled in a pot . Anthropologists used similar evidence to prove cannibalism among the Anasazi tribe of New Mexico . Then Paula Gray may have contracted Creutzfeldt-Jakob by eating George Kearns . - That could explain her youthful appearance . - What are you talking about ? Some cannibalistic rituals are believed to prolong life . Cannibalism is one thing , but increasing longevity by it ... Think about it , Scully . From vampirism to Catholicism , literally or symbolically the reward for eating flesh is eternal life . I don 't know how it works , but we saw Paula . We never confirmed her date of birth . Maybe the courthouse records can tell us if she , or anybody else , is lying about their age . You coming ? You gotta do something , Mr Chaco . People are gettin ' scared . They don 't know what to make of things . They 're losing faith is what it sounds like . It 's gettin ' hard to hold on to , the way things are goin ' . - Three more got sick since yesterday . - I lost my granddaughter in this ! So don 't tell me what we 're up against ! Now , I said I 'd handle it . I know you ... - Yes ? - I need to see Mr Chaco . Doris . I can 't do this any more , Mr Chaco . I can 't keep lyin ' . It 's all right . Jess told me what happened . - You have nothing to worry about . - But they 're gonna think I did it . - No , they won 't think any such thing . - But I did ! - No . - I helped ! He was no good , Doris . He had no values . He didn 't fit in here . - But he was my husband . - That was the price that you had to pay . - You knew that from the beginning . - But those FBI agents ... Uh-uh . This town wasn 't built in a day . It 's not about to fall apart in a day . No , you 're a part of us now . And we 're gonna take good care of you . Now , I want you to go home , get some rest . You 've got a funeral to go to . This whole thing 'll blow over soon enough and you 'll wonder what all the fuss is about . - I 'm sorry . - That 's all right . We all understand , Doris . Good night . Yeah , she 'll be fine . - She 's not stable . - She 's one of us now . Part of our town . Unless we do something about her , there won 't be any town left . No ! Once we start turning on ourselves , we 're no better than the animals . It 's the FBI we should be worryin ' about . They 're the real problem . Someone 's been playing with matches . Smells like a recent fire . I bet it 's no coincidence it only hit the birth records . You think someone was expecting us ? - Mulder . - It 's Doris Kearns . I 'm in my house . I need to speak with you right away . - Are you all right ? - I 'm afraid for my life . I 'm afraid he 'll kill me . Who ? - Mr Chaco . - All right , Mrs Kearns . Stay in the house . Don 't answer the door until Agent Scully arrives . - Where are you going ? - To take Chaco into custody . Oh ! No ... Mrs Kearns ? Mrs Kearns ? Mrs Kearns ? - Is Mr Chaco in ? - I 'll see if he 's still awake . I 'm sorry , but Mr Chaco is unable to see you now . - D 'you know what 's in here ? - No . - Can you open it ? - I don 't have the key . What do you think you 're doin ' ? ! - Scully . - Scully , Chaco 's not here . Yeah . Mrs Kearns is missing , too , Mulder . I think someone 's been here . The power 's been cut and the back door was wide open . Her car is still out back . Chaco must 've taken her . Scully ? Scully ! Scully ! What happened ? Scully , are you there ? You all right ? Scully ! Answer me ! Scully ! What have you done here ? I warned ya ! I said not to touch her ! Doris Kearns was one of us ! Who 's behind this ? Why didn 't you listen ? It 's the outsiders we have to deal with , not one of our own . We 'll deal with them all . Look at yourselves ! Look at what you 've become ! This isn 't faith any more . It 's just fear . You 've become an abomination ! You brought in the outsider who made us sick . Once you turn on yourselves , it 's over . How long before it 's any one of us ? Any one of you ? ! That 's not your problem any more , Mr Chaco . No ! No ! Kill me and you kill us all . Watch it . Got it . Bring her over . Aagh ! - Are you hurt ? - Uh-uh . Are you all right ? People , stand away from your work stations ! Pending further review , the Chaco processing plant was closed by the USDA . So far , no evidence of contaminated chicken has been discovered . Though it remains unknown how many citizens participated in the ritual activity 27 have become fatally ill with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . What is known is that a transport plane carrying Walter Chaco was shot down in 1944 over New Guinea . Chaco was the only survivor of that crash . According to naval records , he spent six months with the Jale a tribe whose cannibalistic practices have long been suspected , but never proven . Naval records also show that Walter Chaco was born in 1902 making him 93 years old at the time of his death . As of this date , his remains have yet to be found . Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru I made this ! ENGLISH SDH
