 Torres to Voyager . I could use a little help here . What 's your status ? I 'm approaching your position , but that ion storm blew out my deflector field . I 've lost helm control , and I 'm venting plasma from the port nacelle . We 're modifying a tractor pulse to slow you down . Acknowledged . The arresting fields are in place . You 're clear to land . Hold on , B 'Elanna . This is going to be bumpy . B 'Elanna ? Oh . Are you alive ? You tell me . You 've got a mild concussion . That 's the best thing that 's happened to me all day . When I give you an order , I expect you to follow it . I told you to return to Voyager , not chase the probe into the center of an ion storm . We only have one multispatial probe . I didn 't want to lose it . We only have one B 'Elanna Torres . I don 't want to lose her , either . Understood . Lanna ... I 'm glad you made it back in one piece . Did you just call me " Lanna " ? I suppose I did . That 's what my mother used to call me . Well , then , I 'm in good company . Come in . Feeling better ? I 've felt worse . I found something you might be interested in . It 's what my ancestors called a " monkey wrench . " It was lodged in your port nacelle . How did it get there ? Judging by your sensor logs , it looks like you ran into it after your deflector field collapsed . But the big question is : How did it get in this quadrant ? What do you mean ? What ? It 's Klingon . And it 's old . That 's about all we know . Looks like the Klingons beat Starfleet to the Delta Quadrant by a few hundred years . You may be holding the most important archaeological find in Klingon history . Remind me to plant a flag on behalf of the Empire . You know , the simplest explanation is that the Borg assimilated a bird-of-prey somewhere in the Alpha Quadrant , and they blew it out an airlock on their way home . Maybe so . In any case , it makes a nice souvenir . Harry , it bled , it screamed . There 's got to be some explanation . Hey , I 've got one for you . You hit your head harder than you thought . I wasn 't hallucinating . Now , run a submolecular scan . How many more scans are we going to run ? There is nothing there . No fluid or vapor residue . We may find some irregularities at the atomic level . It 's a hunk of metal . What you heard may have had nothing to do with this artifact . Maybe the com system picked up some stray signal from a pulsar- - l don 't know . A pulsar that speaks Klingon . Okay , B 'Elanna , there probably is some explanation for what happened , but it 's 0300 hours . I 'm tired , you 're tired . Let 's just stick this thing in a containment field and deal with it in the morning . Ah ! Just the daughter of the Empire I 've been looking for . I wanted to be the first to congratulate you on your discovery of the Klingon artifact . Neelix , I ran into it with a shuttle . Some of the greatest discoveries in Klingon history were accidents . When Sarpek the Fearless unearthed the Knife of Kiromm he was searching for his lost targ . Isn 't that amazing ? I 've been doing some research . Why ? Well , I 'm planning a celebration . This ... must be the treasure . Neelix , look , I appreciate your enthusiasm , but since I 'm the only Klingon onboard , there 's really no point in throwing a party . Oh , nonsense . This artifact isn 't just a testament to Klingon spirit . It 's a piece of the Alpha Quadrant- - a symbol of Voyager 's home , and that 's just as worthy of celebration and song as finding some old knife . Man 's got a point . Besides , I 've already replicated five barrels of bloodwine . I 'm not going to let them go to waste . Festivities begin at 1900 hours . Oh ! Uh , I almost forgot . As guest of honor , you 're gonna be expected to say a few words on behalf of your people . Sounds like you got a big day ahead of you . You should probably get some rest . All right , all right , let 's call it a night . Thank you . Do not underestimate the power of the mind . The artifact was a catalyst for your already active imagination . It served as an unwelcome reminder of your ancestry- - the self-loathing you experience when you look in the mirror and see a Klingon . Who said anything about self-loathing ? You despise being Klingon . It 's no secret . What you experienced in your quarters was a subconscious manifestation of that hatred . The blood in your veins , the voices of your ancestors- - all symbols of your Klingon heritage . And when the blood disappeared , that was , what ? Me trying to vaporize that part of myself ? Yes . But the essence of who you are- - the artifact itself- - remained . And the moral of the story is ... ? Quite simple . That despite your efforts to become something else , whether it be Starfleet or Maquis , your Klingon nature continues to assert itself . That 's an intriguing theory . Perhaps we should forego your meditation in favor of a different exercise . Fine by me . This should be interesting . Feel the weight of the bat 'leth in your hands . Describe the first thought that enters your mind . It 's a clumsy weapon , overstated , like everything else Klingon . You can 't see the elegance of its design , because of your hatred . I don 't hate Klingons . It 's a warrior 's blade ... crafted for precision and balance . Observe . is this your idea of therapy ? ! Listen to yourself whine like a Ferengi . pahtk ! You 're not worthy of the blood in your veins . A true Klingon would try to kill me where l stand . What the hell has gotten into you ? This exercise is over . You are dismissed , Lieutenant , and take your dishonor with you . ... migh hohk-chew koo Ej lM-ta fe DE-ja i ... And the blood was ankle-deep . ejdahk-so-TAS ghos va Skral byteek ... And the river Skral ran crimson red . I fail to see the merit of learning a Klingon drinking song . It 's not about drinking , Seven . It 's about saluting the noble deeds of our ancestors and honoring those who fell in battle . Think " Qapla ' ! " Think " Long live the Empire ! " Think again . Okay , so I 'm overdoing it a bit , but try to get into the spirit of the occasion . Very well . Ej lM-ta fey DE-ja i ejdahk-so-TAS ghos va Skral byteek Empa jaj law-moch jaj-pusH jaj Kahless Molor-migh hohk-chew koo . gagh , anyone ? Sop joq jih yuv gagh drek ! He said , " Eat this or he 'll force it down the gullet of your corpse . " No offense . Oh , none taken . So this is replicated , right ? Unfortunately . And how do you get it to ... move ? I used a kinesthetic agent to give it a little oomph . is it just me , or has everyone gone Klingon-happy ? Oh , come on , B 'Elanna . They 're all doing this for you . Well , then they don 't know me very well . And if you even think of joining in on this " embrace your heritage " nonsense , I swear I 'll rip out your tongue and wear it as a belt . Oh , no ... there 's not a lot of Klingon in you . I inherited the forehead and the bad attitude- - that 's it . She would have loved all this . Your mother ? She was so obsessed with Klingon ritual , myths . It used to drive my father and me crazy . Did I ever tell you that she put me in a Klingon monastery ? Ah . You 're kidding . It was after their marriage ended . She pulled me out of the Federation school in order to teach me ... honor and discipline . Hmm ... out of the plasma cooker into the fire . She prayed to Kahless every day to guide me in the ways of the warrior . I guess he wasn 't listening . Ladies and gentlemen , could I have your attention , please ? I hate to interrupt the festivities , but before I turn the floor over to our resident Klingon , I 'd like to say a few words . This is a great day for the Klingon Empire- - a day when we honor their ancestors . Those warriors whose deeds of valor and glory ... led them to the Delta Quadrant . May they live on in song and story . Captain ! legh soh va Gre 'thor ! Where am I ? Silence . The dead ask no questions . Computer , end program ! Qem nuh meq ! Let go of me ! Wait ... wait ... 'uch ghaH . Uh , wait ... She won 't take the mark . What the hell is going on ? Qusdaq . ba 'daH . mag hoshonaH nes 'a . Where am I ? You should know ; you 're half Klingon . Enlighten me . This is the Barge of the Dead . Our dishonored souls are being taken to Gre 'thor . Klingon hell is a myth . That 's what I thought- - just a foolish superstition . Imagine my surprise . But I was on Voyager with my crew . That was the naj- - the dream before dying . When we can 't accept that we 've died , we create the illusion of life to hold on to . He slaughtered my friends . No . He slaughtered the dream . He dragged you from the illusion of life . This is where you belong . What is that ? It 's the kos 'kari . They 'll try to lure you to them . Don 't listen . B 'Elanna , are you there ? Lieutenant , can you hear me ? Help us find you ! Tom ? Chakotay ? It 's not your friends ! jiH qoy soh ! There are things here worse than death . You . is this the mongrel child you spoke of ? Yes . The one whose face would not bear the mark . B 'Elanna , daughter of Miral ... it 's not your time . How do you know my name ? You 've come close to boarding this ship many times . I remember the first . You were a child . Your mother took you to the Sea of Gatan . Your curiosity was as deep as the water . I fell in . I almost drowned . When your mother breathed life back into your lungs she told you about me . So you 're supposed to be Kortar . Ah ... you remember me . I remember the myth of Kortar , the first Klingon . He destroyed the gods who created him . And as punishment , I was condemned to ferry the souls of the dishonored to Gre 'thor . I may have believed in you as a child , but not anymore . If you didn 't still believe , you wouldn 't be here . Foolish girl . You cannot harm me . I 'm already dead . What 's happening ? The soul of another dishonored warrior is being delivered . kot 'mah soh Gre 'thor ! Qapla . Mother . It 's all right . You 're safe . Your shuttle was drifting on the trailing edge of an ion storm . You lost life support . We found you just in time . But I got through the storm . I remember crashing into the Shuttle Bay . When we tractored your shuttle back to Voyager , you were in a coma . We almost lost you . The Klingon artifact ... Artifact ? My hand ... You took quite a beating out there- - more than your fair share of cuts and bruises . Come in . How are you feeling ? Um ... a little out of place . Would you like to talk about it ? Yes ... and no . Let me know when you decide . I don 't know how to say this without sounding crazy . Try . Do you believe in an afterlife ? I accept there are things in the universe than can 't be scanned with a tricorder . What happened to you out there ? I think ... I died . I died , and I was on the Barge of the Dead , in the Klingon afterlife . Klingon mythology has been ingrained in you since you were a child . It 's not surprising you experienced some of those images while you were unconscious . I saw my mother , Chakotay . If it was real , then she 's dead . B 'Elanna ... your mother ... the Barge of the Dead ... these are just symbols . It 's your subconscious mind trying to tell you something . Tell me what ? That my mother is going to hell ? You need time to digest what you experienced . You have to interpret the symbols and search for their meaning . What if there is no symbolism to interpret ? What if the afterlife is real ? I 'm an engineer . My whole life , I 've immersed myself in science and ... and schematics . But what if it 's time to start looking beyond that ? My grandfather used to ... think he could transform himself into a wolf , so that he could venture out to explore the spirit realm . It was real to him . As real as what you experienced was to you , but that doesn 't mean he grew hair all over his body and walked around on all fours . My mother has been on my mind a lot lately . We just had a big anniversary . It 's been ten years ... since we talked . But it was so real . I could taste the blood in the air . I could feel the wind . I was seasick from the rocking of the boat . Hi . Hi . What are you reading ? The paq 'batlh . It 's a sacred Klingon scroll . Find anything ? You don 't want to know . Oh , come on . It can 't be that bad . You want to bet ? I found out why my mother is on her way to Gre 'thor . It 's because I sent her there . What do you mean ? The sins of the child . She 's being punished for my dishonor . I turned my back on everything Klingon , and now she has to pay the price . B 'Elanna , you can 't even be sure your mother is dead , much less blame yourself for what happens to her in some afterlife . Look at this . The Eleventh Tome of Klavek . It 's a story about Kahless returning from the dead ... " still bearing a wound from the afterlife " - - a warning that what he experienced wasn 't a dream . The same thing happened to me . B 'Elanna , this ... And the only reason Kahless was in the afterlife to begin with was to rescue his brother from the Barge of the Dead and deliver him to Sto-Vo-Kor . Okay . Don 't you see ? I have a chance to rescue my mother if I can accept responsibility for her dishonor before she passes through the gates of Gre 'thor . I have to go back . Whoa . Wait a minute . What do you mean , " go back " ? I can 't let her suffer for what I 've done . It 's the only way . B 'Elanna , I respect what you believe in , but you 're starting to scare me . I 'm scaring myself . It 's a controlled procedure . I 'll be under constant supervision . The Doctor can simulate the conditions of the ion storm . He 's agreed to help me , but only with your permission . I 'm still not inclined to grant your request . Are you telling me that I can 't pursue my spiritual beliefs ? B 'Elanna , I 'm not going to let you turn this into a debate about freedom of worship . But that 's what it is . There 's a limit to how far I 'll let religious practices go aboard this ship . If your belief system required you to sacrifice a child to your gods , I wouldn 't allow that , either . That 's an absurd example . You want to simulate a near-death experience , so you can revisit the Barge of Death , and you 're telling me what 's absurd ? Bottom line , B 'Elanna- - l 'm not going to let you risk your life for this . Captain , please . Request denied . What I do with my own life is one thing , but to know that I have condemned my mother ... that because of what I 've done , she 's ... I appreciate what you 're trying to say , B 'Elanna , but whatever you experienced , it wasn 't real . It doesn 't matter if you think it was real . It was real to me . Whatever it was , it changed me . I can 't ignore that . I need to confront what 's happened . I 'm sorry . You know , you 're just like her . Lieutenant ? My mother . You 're as dedicated to Starfleet principles as she was to Klingon honor . I know that we haven 't always seen eye to eye , but despite our differences , you helped me become a good officer and I 'd like to think that you 're proud of me for it . I am . My mother never had the chance to be proud of me . I 'd like her to know me the way you do . I don 't want her to die thinking of me as a disgrace . You have to let me do this . I can 't believe the Captain is allowing this . One minute , you 're in a coma . The next , you 're a born-again Klingon ? l-l just don 't get it . I 'm not sure I get it , either . I just know this is something I have to do . There 's got to be an easier way for you to explore your spirituality . Go to church , or something ? It wouldn 't be enough . Look , I 'll read the scrolls . I 'll learn Klingon . We 'll figure this out ... together . Next time . I just hope there is a next time . There will be . Report . I 've examined the sensor logs from the shuttle mission . I should be able to re-create the exact conditions that triggered her near-death experience . Good . B 'Elanna ? I 'm ready . Be careful . You 'll have an hour to do whatever it is you need to do . At the first sign of trouble , we 're bringing you out . Understood ? Computer ... erect an isolation field around the Surgical Bay . Decrease oxygen concentration within the force field by 27 percent . Begin ionizing the enclosed atmosphere to 5,000 particles per cubic meter . She 's unconscious . Neural activity is decreasing to 87 percent ... 62 percent ... Synaptic function is failing . Compensating . Neural activity is nominal . She 's not breathing . She 's still alive . Her lungs are taking in just enough oxygen to keep her brain from necrotizing . Qapla ' , B 'Elanna . sus 'ag Gre 'thor qay . Mother . Stay away . You are an illusion . You 're a kos 'kari trying to lure me away . Mother , it 's me . It 's me . B 'Elanna ? No . Then you died as well ? I 've come to lift your dishonor . But you don 't believe in Sto-Vo-Kor . A lot 's happened since the last time I saw you . I 've changed . Not enough . It was you who brought this damnation upon me . If you hadn 't tried to , to force me to become a warrior ... I tried to guide you in the ways of a Klingon . You tried a little too hard . If you had listened to me when you were younger , we wouldn 't be on the Barge of the Dead . You were always running away . You drove me away ... the same way you drove away my father . He abandoned us . You pushed him to the point where he couldn 't bear to be around anything Klingon ... including me . I wanted to give you honor . And if you had understood that , I would not be on my way to Gre 'thor . We 're on the Barge of the Dead ... and we 're still having the same argument we were having ten years ago . Look , if I have dishonored you , I am truly sorry . Are you ? You have too much anger in your heart to be sorry . Oh , we don 't have time for this if we 're going to perform the transference . is that how you intend to lift my dishonor ? By taking my place ? Oh , don 't worry . I have no intention of being on this barge when it gets to Gre 'thor . We 've got just enough time to perform the ritual before my crew resuscitates me . Oh . I should have known you 'd choose the easy way . What are you talking about ? Do you know the risks I 've taken to save you ? You still understand nothing about being a Klingon . I would rather face damnation with what little honor you have left me than cheat my way into Sto-Vo-Kor . There she is . Bring them . The mongrel child has returned . I 'm here to take my mother 's place . B 'Elanna ! You wish to claim her dishonor as your own ? Yes . You 're willing to die for her ? Yes . Release her to Sto-Vo-Kor . No ! Keep her quiet ! Silence ! It 's not your decision . She has the right to reclaim your honor . Once we have reached Gre 'thor and you are within its gates , I will release her . No . Now . You 're very impatient . Time must be slipping away in the living world . You 're concerned that your friends will revive you before you complete your deception . Did you really think I could be fooled so easily ? I will die for her . No tricks , no games . I will take her place honorably . Like a Klingon . If you choose this path , your friends will not be able to save you . No ! I forbid it ! I understand . Your dishonor has been lifted . Sto-Vo-Kor awaits you . I will not abandon my daughter . She has made the choice . Go ! Daughter of Miral , embrace your fate . Vih . Her neural patterns are breaking down . I 'm initiating emergency resuscitation . Vent the ionized particles . 20 milligrams cordrazine now ! I 'm deactivating the force field . Welcome to Gre 'thor . This isn 't Gre 'thor . Oh , I assure you it is . You 've taken your mark . What is this , some kind of a joke ? This is no laughing matter . You 've met Mr. Neelix , our Ambassador to the recently deceased . Questions , comments , suggestions ... he 's your man . If you 'll follow me . By the way , I 'll be performing an aria from Berlioz 's Faust tomorrow night in Holodeck 2 . Feel free to stop by . 15 decks . Computers augmented with bio-neural circuitry . Top cruising speed : warp 9.97 5 . Not that you 'll be going anywhere . No Fek 'lhr ? No Cavern of Despair ? Don 't need them . I don 't consider Voyager hell ! Are you sure ? Have you ever been truly happy here ? If you thought 50 years aboard this ship would be difficult , try eternity . Ej lM-ta fey DE-ja i ejdahk-so-TAS ghos va Skral byteek Empa jaj law-mooch jaj-pusH ... This is a great day for B 'Elanna Torres , a day when we pay tribute to her dishonor . She 's not responding to the cordrazine . Neural activity at 48 percent ... 37 . We 're losing her . We have to stabilize her synaptic functions . I 'm attempting a direct neural resequencing . B 'Elanna 's misdeeds have led her to Gre 'thor . She comes with no valor , no glory ... nothing to celebrate in song and story . You really have no one to blame but yourself . You 've kept us all at arm 's length , even Tom , who you claim to love . Here , here . I tried to assist you in making Engineering more efficient , but you resisted . You 're stubborn . She inherited that from her mother along with the forehead . What do you think of the afterlife so far ? It 's not exactly what I had in mind . Are you interpreting all the symbols ? Searching your subconscious for their meaning ? Lieutenant Torres ... defend yourself . Captain ? What are you still doing here ? I 've released you to Sto-Vo-Kor . You can 't free me until you free yourself . I don 't understand . You never did . I did everything that the ritual told me to do . I came back for you ... Forget the ritual . It 's meaningless . Meaningless ? I died for you . No , you didn 't . It 's not your time . You still don 't understand this journey . Then tell me . Request denied . What do you want ? Who are you asking ? You , Kahless , the tooth fairy ! Anybody who will tell me what I am supposed to do ! You are the only one who can answer that question . Choose to live , B 'Elanna . Neural activity 's at 23 percent . lnitiate cortical stimulation . Pulses at 50 millijoules . No effect . lncrease to 70 millijoules . Come on , B 'Elanna . Defend yourself . You want me to fight ? You want me to be a good little Klingon ? is that it ? You 've let your anger consume you . Now it 's consuming us . She has condemned us all . Misery loves company . Get away from me ! Or what ? You 'll kill us where we stand ? Tell me what you want me to be ! A good Starfleet officer ? A good Maquis ? Lover ? Daughter ? Just tell me what you want from me ! We don 't want anything from you , B 'Elanna . We only want you . We 're not your enemies . Defend yourself . I don 't know how . I am so tired of fighting . We know . You 've taken the first step of your journey . And what about you ? We will see each other again . In Sto-Vo-Kor ? Yes , in Sto-Vo-Kor . Or maybe ... when you get home . Mother ? Oh , God , I 'm alive . Welcome back .
