 Ambassador 's Log , Stardate 53263.2 . Though helpful during my negotiations on the Kesat homeworld , Commander Tuvok certainly hasn 't been the most sociable of travel companions . Mr. Neelix . Sorry . How about a game of " Species , Starship or Anomaly " ? Surely you could find something more productive to occupy your time . Come on , Tuvok . It 'll be fun . You think of something- - species , anomaly or starship- - and I have 15 questions to guess what it is . Come on , come on , come on , come on . I would prefer some peace and quiet . How about a riddle ? Mr. Neelix . Come on ! Ha . It 'll be fun . I have no desire for fun . Okay , forget fun . A good riddle can stimulate the mind . Now , no self-respecting Vulcan can say no to that . Very well . One riddle . Okay , here goes . A lone Ensign finds himself stranded on a Class-L planetoid with no rations . His only possession ... a calendar . When Starfleet finds him 12 months later , he 's in perfect health . Why didn 't he starve to death ? It is a theoretical possibility that such planetoids contain hot water springs , which could sustain the man for several weeks . Ooh , but not for a whole year . I concur . Logic dictates that the Ensign in question would perish . Aha ! Ha ! I stumped you . As a matter of fact , he not only survived , but his belly was full . Why ? Because he feasted on " dates " from the calendar . Your answer is merely wordplay . It has no basis in reality . Now , if you 'll excuse me . Where are you going ? To find some peace and quiet . Have fun . Tuvok to Neelix . Miss me already , Commander ? Did you activate the aft tactical station ? No . Why ? There appears to be a download in progress . That 's odd . I 'm detecting anomalous readings . What sort of readings ? I 'm not certain , but I believe it 's a cloaking frequency that consists ... Commander ? Tuvok ! Delta Flyer to Voyager . Mayday ! Tuvok , what happened ? Report . He 's in neuroleptic shock . I 'll need another 20 milligrams of synaptizine . I 'll get it . It 's not working . I 'll need to try direct cortical stimulation . Initiate a neurostatic pulse on my mark . Right . Now ! Again ! His vital signs have stabilized for the moment , anyway . But he suffered severe neurological trauma . Do you know what caused it ? Some kind of alien weapon . By the time I reached Tuvok , whoever had attacked him was gone . What about the surrounding space ? Any indication of cloaked vessels ? Between trying to tend to the Commander and piloting the Flyer , I had my hands full . I ... I didn 't think to scan for cloaked ships . I 'm sorry . You saved Tuvok 's life , Neelix . You have nothing to be sorry about . How do you plan to treat him ? I won 't know until I 've run a series of neurological scans . But it would certainly help to know something about the weapon . Neelix , these Kesat you were negotiating with ... any reason to believe they might know something about this ? It couldn 't hurt to ask . Time to reopen diplomatic channels . Deputy Investigator Naroq , Kesat Security . Captain Janeway , Commander Chakotay , Ambassador Neelix . You 've done your homework . I familiarized myself with the facts on the way here . We 're hoping you can help us shed some light on what happened to our crewman . I believe I can . Based on the information you provided , it is my opinion that he was a victim of the Ba 'Neth . I 've never heard of them . I 'm not surprised . In my language , their name means " shadow people . " They 're a species obsessed with concealing their identity- - extremely paranoid and xenophobic . Well , that explains their cloaking technology . It 's my belief they 've been responsible for several unexplained attacks similar to this one . Why wasn 't I warned about them during my negotiations with your government ? Because my government 's official position is that the Ba 'Neth do not exist . Most people think they 're a myth . There 's nothing mythical about what happened to Mr. Tuvok . Why is your government so skeptical ? Because there have been so few encounters with the Ba 'Neth . And , well , no one 's ever actually seen one . How many encounters are we talking about exactly ? Before this incident , 12 . I guess we 're lucky 13 . You 're lucky I gave my supervisor two bottles of Kesatian ale to get this assignment . Any other inspector would have simply attributed Commander Tuvok 's injuries to " unexplained phenomena . " No offense , Mr. Naroq , but what makes you so sure the Ba 'Neth aren 't just a myth ? This incident fits the pattern , Captain . All of the alleged encounters have occurred aboard vessels foreign to this sector . I believe they 've been attempts by the Ba 'Neth to assess the technology of new arrivals . They were trying to download tactical data . And Commander Tuvok suffered severe neural damage . That 's also consistent with previous attacks . The Ba 'Neth were making sure he would not tell anyone what he saw . Maybe that 's why Tuvok 's tricorder was destroyed . They didn 't want us to see the cloaking frequency he 'd found . He found a cloaking frequency ? Apparently . Captain , I don 't blame you for finding my theories a bit eccentric . I 'm used to it . It 's why I 'm still a deputy investigator . But I 've brought equipment to help your investigation . Let me examine Commander Tuvok and run scans on the vessel where he was attacked . I may finally be able to prove my theories . With all due respect , we 're more interested in saving Tuvok 's life . If we work together , maybe we can do both . His cognitive , memory and logic centers have all been severely damaged . But he still has brain activity , which is more than I can say for any of the previous victims . Vulcan neural tissue is extremely resilient . I have no doubt that a brain from a lesser species would not have survived . If you could only tell us what you saw , Mr. Tuvok . I don 't think we 'll be hearing from him anytime soon . Keep working . I 'll let you know if we find anything that might help . I 'll take you to see where the attack occurred . Something I can do for you , Mr. Neelix ? I want to help . Unless you have a degree in Vulcan neurobiology that I 'm not aware of , there 's nothing you can do . There must be something . My advice is to return to your quarters and get some rest . There 's no way that I 'm going to be able to sleep knowing that Tuvok is lying here like this . There have been rare cases in which comatose patients responded to external stimuli : aromas , touch , voices . So ... you 're saying that if I stay here and , and try to talk to Tuvok , I might be able to provoke some sort of response . If anyone can provoke Tuvok , Mr. Neelix , it 's you . Good morning , Tuvok ! I brought you a few more items from your quarters to help liven up Sick Bay . Your kal-toh game , in case you decide you 're ready for a match . Oh , and I also thought that you might enjoy a recitation of that classic proto-Vulcan drama , Clash on the Fire Plains . I 'll be performing all 23 parts myself . Uh , I also brought you some flowers from Airponics Bay . Oh , that 's fragrant , isn 't it ? Uh , perhaps you 'd enjoy some Vulcan incense . Now , how about some music ? Computer , access Vulcan audio file , selection 56-Alpha . Mr. Neelix , what is that dreadful noise ? The Chants of the Monks of T 'Panit . Personally , I think it 's dreadful , too , but it 's one of Tuvok 's favorites . I appreciate your efforts , Mr. Neelix , but I 'm trying to analyze his latest neurological scans and this music is very distracting . You said I was supposed to stimulate his senses . I said stimulate them , Mr. Neelix , not annihilate them . Computer , pause music . Thank you . Doctor . Tuvok ! You 've had an accident . You 're in Sick Bay . Relax , Commander , I only want to scan you . Don 't worry , Tuvok . He 's only trying to help you . It 's only a tricorder . See ? I-it won 't hurt you . Now try it . Well done , Mr. Neelix . Commander Chakotay says you 've found something . That , Captain , is an understatement . Listen . What is it ? The sound of history being made . Less poetry , Mr. Naroq , more facts . The sound you 're hearing indicates the presence of veridium isotopes . Residual particles from the Ba 'Neths ' cloaking field . You 've detected these isotopes before ? Yes , but only after they 've decayed . You see , veridium has a very brief half-life- - less than 70 hours . The previous sites I 've studied have been months , sometimes years old ! But these isotopes are still active . We can use Mr. Naroq 's photolitic converter to illuminate them . So you see , Captain , why this is an historic moment ? We may finally learn what the Ba 'Neth look like . Well , let 's see what we 've got . You don 't know how long I 've waited to meet you . So , the Ba 'Neth aren 't a myth after all . This is the clearest image ever captured ! Perhaps . I believe I can adjust our internal sensors to improve it . What are you doing ? What are you ... You might disrupt the image entirely . Tentacles ! I always suspected they were multipeds . Doctor to the Captain . Please report to Sick Bay . I 'm on my way . Seven ... if we can integrate Mr. Naroq 's photolitic technology into the deflector array , we might be able to de-cloak a Ba 'Neth ship . The technology only works at close range . We have to find the ship before we can expose it . We still need that cloaking frequency . One step at a time . The Vulcan brain- - a puzzle wrapped inside an enigma , housed inside a cranium . Tuvok 's neural pathways have begun to bypass the damaged tissue . They 're forming new synaptic connections . In effect , his brain is rewiring itself . Whether this is due to my neurostatic therapy or Neelix 's rehabilitation regimen or some combination of the two , I can 't be certain . Is there any chance he 'll make a full recovery ? It 's much too soon to say , but he 's alert and he 's already regained his basic motor skills . But still no speech . It 's only a matter of time , Captain . Look how far he 's come already . I hope you 're right , Neelix . But if he could talk , he might be able to tell us something about that cloaking frequency . We 're not sure how much he recalls . For that matter , we 're not certain he recognizes any of us or even knows who he is . I 'm going to take him on a tour of the ship . The Doctor thinks that familiar sights and sounds might get the old synaptic juices flowing . Don 't worry , Captain . Tuvok will be back to his old self before you can say , " live long and prosper . " I 've brought a visitor . Good to see you up and around . You remember Commander Chakotay . We were just running a shield diagnostic . Would you like to take a look ? This is Tactical Station , where you work . Just keeping it warm for you . Hope you don 't mind . That 's the shield array . This controls the tractor emitters . I think he remembers it . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! You just activated the photon torpedo banks . That 's all right , Tuvok . Everybody makes mistakes . We 'll be back later . Last ... but not least ... your quarters . You spend a lot of time here , reading ... meditating ... Mr. Paris once referred to it as the " Vulcan Vault . " Ahh ... Well , look around , explore . Astrometrics to the Bridge . Mr. Naroq and I have completed our deflector modifications . We 're ready to test the array . Stand by . Reduce speed to one-quarter impulse . Harry , full power to the deflector array . Aye . All right , Seven ... do it . Activating the deflector . I 'd call that a pretty successful test . They 've been watching us all along . Hail them . Which one ? There 's practically a fleet out there . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . We intend you no harm . They 're charging weapons . Shields . They 're scrambling , Captain , in all directions . Follow the lead vessel . It 's okay , Tuvok . I 'm here with you . Everything is going to be all right . You 're safe with me . Still no response to our hails . I hate to ruin a good chase , but the Ba 'Neth ship is moving out of the deflector 's range . Seven , can you get their cloaking frequency ? They 're blocking our scans . We 've lost them . They 're gone now , Tuvok . I told you you 'd be safe . Yes ... you did . Tuvok ? What ? Tell me , what did I do ? You told me ... I wouldn 't be hurt . Do you know who I am ? You are Neelix . I 'm safe ... with you . We need Tuvok to tell us anything he can remember about the attack . Captain , he may be talking again , but that doesn 't mean he 's ready to be interrogated . He 's beginning to experience emotions- - volatile ones . During this last encounter with the Ba 'Neth , he was terrified . We 'll tread lightly , I promise . All right , Tuvok , you can come in now . It 's nice to see you . Captain Janeway . That 's right . This is Mr. Naroq . Please sit down . Two days ago , you were aboard a shuttle with Mr. Neelix . You detected a cloaked intruder . He attacked you . Yes ... th-that 's why I 'm having difficulty now . Yes , and in order to help you , we have to find the people who hurt you . Before the intruder injured you , you managed to scan him with this . You recorded his cloaking frequency , but the tricorder was damaged and the information was lost . Can you tell us anything about that frequency ? Try to remember . I was scanning . That 's right . What did you see ? I ... I don 't remember . Try ! All right , that 's enough . We 're done for now . But , Captain ... Join Seven of Nine in Astrometrics . See if she 's made any progress with the Ba 'Neth . Well , uh , we should be going , too . A few of the crew have offered to help with Tuvok 's rehabilitation . I thought we might have lunch later , just the two of us . I prefer to stay with Neelix . Oh , Tuvok ... I 'm-I 'm sure that you would ... It 's all right . You two go ahead . I have a lot of work to do anyway . Oh ... The object of the game is to turn this jumble of rods into a perfect sphere . We take turns positioning our pieces . Whoever gets the shape to appear first wins . I like the way it looks now . What do you say we give it a try ? This has always been one of your favorite games , Tuvok . It helps keep your logic sharp . I 'll go first . Now you . Go ahead . I don 't like this game . When you first taught me how to play , I wasn 't very good , either , but you kept encouraging me and pretty soon , I scored my first kal-toh . It just takes practice , that 's all . Try again . You can do it . I don 't like this game ! The Doctor helped me access my personnel file . Nice picture . You should see mine . It 's awful . I was an instructor at Starfleet Academy . I 've received 17 commendations for valor . I 'm a husband ... a father . You 're an extraordinary fellow , Tuvok . I was an extraordinary fellow . You 're still the same person . Then why do I no longer work on the Bridge ? We talked about that . You had an accident . And now I 'm not smart enough . Tuvok , you 've just got to be patient . Look how much progress you 've made already . He ... could dismantle a photonic warhead in ... in less than 30 seconds . I can 't even play kal-toh . It 's going to take time , but you 'll relearn all those things . How do you know that ? Well , because the Doctor ... The Doctor ? The Doctor doesn 't know how to make me better ! Does he ? Well , not yet , but ... I 'll never be him again ! You don 't know that . The Vulcan mind ... I 'm not a Vulcan ! Not anymore ! What 's going on ? It 's okay , Doctor . I can handle this . Please , Tuvok , try to relax . Everything 's going to be fine . No ! Nothing 's fine ! Get away from me ! You 'd better go . Now , Mr. Neelix ! I 'll take it from here . Oh , sorry ; I didn 't mean to interrupt . You didn 't . Yes , I did . You were pondering ... something difficult , by the looks of it . Anything I can help you with ? Unlikely . Try me . How do you find something that 's invisible ? The Ba 'Neth . We have the ability to illuminate them , but to do so , we must first locate them , which we cannot accomplish without their cloaking frequency . That 's quite a riddle . One that we might be able to solve if Commander Tuvok could tell us what he saw . How is his rehabilitation progressing ? Well , I thought it was going great , but now ... let 's just say that I 've got a riddle of my own . Try me . All right . When is a Vulcan no longer a Vulcan ? When his genetic code is sufficiently altered . No . I-I-I was speaking metaphorically . In that case , a person is no longer Vulcan when he 's lost his logic . Right ! And how does he get it back ? He must be taught . Exactly , but what if he 's brain damaged and emotionally unstable ? How does he learn ? It may be impossible for him to learn what you 're trying to teach . Well , thanks for the pep talk . I was merely suggesting that you adapt to the circumstances . What circumstances ? ! Are you saying that the , the Tuvok I know is gone- - that I should stop trying to help him ? When I was separated from the collective , I , too , was damaged . I was no longer connected to the hive mind . I lost many abilities that I had acquired as a drone , but I adapted . Because Captain Janeway didn 't give up on you . She kept trying to help you . But not by restoring me to what I 'd been- - by helping me discover what I could become . What are you making ? A flower . It 's for you . Thank you . I 'm not sure I deserve a gift . I shouldn 't have shouted at you . I was angry . I 'm sorry . You were frustrated . I don 't blame you . I 'm the one who should be apologizing . Why ? Because I was pushing you too hard . I was trying to mold you into something you weren 't . You were disappointed in me because I can 't do anything as well as I did before . Maybe there are things that you can do better . What can I do better ? Well ... this , for example . You would 've considered it an " illogical use of your time . " It 's not good . No , it 's wonderful . It 's ... creative . It 's a symbol of friendship . Before your accident , you never would have considered that my feelings might have been hurt . You , you would have certainly never have made me a gift . We weren 't friends ? Well , uh ... we were colleagues , and I certainly felt affection for you . But I didn 't return those feelings . You ... tolerated me . I don 't understand . You said things like " Mr. Neelix , please contain your exuberance . " And , uh , " Mr. Neelix , I have no desire for fun . " And you never smiled . You got a much better sense of humor now . I like to smile . Me , too . I don 't want to play kal-toh anymore ... or-or meditate ... or ... work on logic problems . You don 't have to . What can we do instead ? Whatever you want . Teach me things that you like to do . Here we are- - a triple-chocolate wikki fruit sundae with warm fettran sauce . Fettran sauce on ... a sundae ? Wait till you taste it . And you really made this ? As Neelix says , dig in . Mmm ... this is great . This is fantastic . What did I tell you ? Tuvok has a flair for food . All morning , he 's been creating new recipes , using combinations of ingredients that I , I never would have imagined . For example ... a terra nut soufflé ... Jimbalian fudge cake with peppermint coulis ... sweet leola root tart . Mmm ! Only desserts ? How come ? They taste good . Ha ! Yeah , you better watch out , Neelix . Tuvok may put you out of a job . From your mouth to the Captain 's ears . She must have heard me . What 's all this ? We 're having fun . Uh , turns out Tuvok is quite the pastry chef . Would you like some terra nut soufflé , Captain ? Oh , I 'd love some . Thank you . Oh ... that is delicious . I 'm pleased that you like it . What are you making now ? Pistachio cake with parra cream sauce . Oh , parra cream 's my favorite . Then you 'll have the first piece . Tuvok , have you remembered anything more about what happened on the Flyer ? . I detected a cloaking frequency . Yes , that 's right . Can you describe it ? I don 't know , I , I ... Did it have a symmetric modulation ? Was the amplitude constant ? I-I don 't understand . It 's all right . I don 't mean to push you , Tuvok , but maybe if we could ... It 's difficult for him , Captain . Maybe you can try again tomorrow . This ... This is what I saw . What is it ? A cloaking frequency . Captain 's Log , supplemental . The computer has analyzed Tuvok 's diagram and identified the Ba 'Neth cloaking frequency . We 've narrowed the search to a handful of systems . Here we go , Captain . A nine-million terawatt cloaking field in Grid 216 . Nine million terawatts . Whatever they 're hiding , it 's huge . Alter course , Mr. Paris . Yes , ma 'am . Bridge to Astrometrics . Status . The deflector array is ready , Captain . Raise shields . Aye , Captain . We 're within range . All right , Seven ... light them up . It 's an armed outpost . Approximately 3,000 life signs , 22 ships . Hail them . No response , Captain . They 're charging weapons . Open a channel , all subspace bands . They 're firing . Cease fire immediately ... or I 'll transmit the coordinates of this outpost to the Kesat homeworld . That got their attention . Several days ago , a member of your species attacked one of my crewmen . He was badly injured . In order to treat him , I need to know more about the weapon that was used . They 're responding . Audio only . We do not share technology . But you take it from others . The attacker was downloading our tactical database when the incident occurred . We must assess potential threats . Paranoid , just as I predicted . In exchange for information about your weapon , we 'll provide you with tactical data on several species we 've recently encountered . You can assess their potential threats all you want . The Kesat investigator aboard your vessel cannot be trusted . You know about me ? You have been attempting to expose us for years . You are a threat . You must be stopped . They 're charging weapons again . Wait . It was my photolitic converter that allowed Voyager to de-cloak you . If you give Captain Janeway what she wants , I 'll give you the converter . You can use it to adapt your technology so ours can no longer expose you . I doubt you 'll get as enticing an offer from the Kesat homeworld . It would be a shame if you forced me to hail them . We have an agreement . Enter . What are you listening to ? A selection from Tom 's jazz database- - it really swings . Computer , pause the music . I 've been reviewing the holodeck files . I wish to visit the Risa Water Recreation Park . Will you accompany me ? Maybe after your doctor 's appointment . Appointment ? The Doctor 's analyzed the Ba 'Neth weapon , and he 's devised a procedure to treat you . You ... you should be proud of yourself . I-if you hadn 't drawn that picture on the cake , we may never have found a treatment . I wish I never drew that picture . Why ? Because I don 't wish to undergo the procedure . You 're having preoperative jitters . That 's all . Don 't worry . Everyone gets them . Just think about it . In a few hours , you 'll be yourself again . I am myself . But ... you 'll be able to do all the things that you used to do- - work on the Bridge , advise the Captain . I want to be able to have fun . With you . I won 't be able to . Will I ? Well ... you won 't call it fun . You 'll call it " deriving satisfaction , " but it 's basically the same thing . You 'll still experience emotions . But I won 't express them . Probably not . Then how will you know how much I enjoy being with you ? You 've just told me . We 'll still be friends ? Of course . Even if I ... merely tolerate you ? I 'd be lying if I told you that things between us will stay the same . Well , then , why ? Why do you want me to go back to the way I was ? Because this crew needs its Tactical Officer on the Bridge , and I wouldn 't be a very good friend if I ignored that just so that you 'd be nicer to me . Mr. Tuvok , I was beginning to think you weren 't coming . I was experiencing preoperative jitters . Neelix helped me overcome them . Glad to hear it . Now , please lie down . I 'll see you after the procedure ? Of course . I 'm going to miss him . Me , too . Hello , Commander . Mr. Neelix . It 's good to see you up and about . Are you feeling better ? The Doctor has approved my return to duty . That 's wonderful news . How about a celebratory glass of champagne ? Tea will suffice . Of course . I 'm preparing a special dinner tonight , in honor of your recovery . I don 't suppose that you 'd be interested in preparing one of your famous desserts . I have much more important things to do than engage in the preparation of nutritionally deficient foods . Maybe another time . Sundays . I beg your pardon ? I have given further consideration to your riddle regarding the Ensign who survived by consuming the " dates " from his calendar . It occurs to me that he could also have eaten the " Sundays . " That 's a very clever answer , Mr. Vulcan . But it 's not very logical , is it ? No . It 's not .
