 - Good morning . - Morning . - Requisition reports for the week . - Thanks . What can you tell me about the Great Wall of China ? Pardon ? The Great Wall of China , on Earth . Who built it ? The Chinese . What for ? Why does anybody build a wall ? To keep people out . Deck one . In fact it was the first Q 'in emperor who connected the walls built by a previous dynasty . He did it to prevent an invasion by nomads to the north . How big is it ? I have a feeling you 're going to tell me . Twenty four hundred kilometres long , median width three point eight metres . Before the twenty second century it was one of the only manmade objects that could be seen from Earth 's orbit with the naked eye . Very impressive , Neelix . I had no idea you knew so much about my homeworld . Status ? We 're on a course for the class Y cluster . We should be there in about three days . Gives us some time to relax . Carry on . Why this sudden interest in the Great Wall ? I 've been studying Earth landmarks . Mister Paris and I have been exchanging a little cross-cultural trivia . He 's become quite an expert on Talaxian geography . All right , here 's one for you . What can you tell me about the Millennium Gate ? The Millennium Gate . Constructed in the 21st century in the United States of America . It was another one of the objects that could be seen from orbit . Three point two kilometres at the base , one kilometre in height , surface covered with highly reflective solar panels . A self-contained ecosystem . It became a model for the first colony on Mars . Did you know that one of my ancestors built it ? Really ? Not with a hammer and nails , but with words and a lot of courage . Shannon O 'Donnell , one of the first woman astronauts . She was the driving force behind the project . That 's something to be proud of . We were always told stories about her at family gatherings . The first of a long line of Janeway explorers . Tell me more . I want something to stump Mister Paris with . Where to begin ? The Millennium Gate . How did she get involved with that ? Well , at that time , she was still in the space program , but she 'd also become something of an entrepreneur . I believe she was asked to join the project by the governor of Indiana . He wanted her expertise on recyclic life support systems . The way my aunt Martha tells it they flew her in on a private aircraft . Five a.m. December 27 , 2000 . I 'm in the great state of Indiana , I think . I saw the world 's largest ball of string this morning , and the world 's largest beefsteak tomato this afternoon . It was the size of a Volkswagen . The string , not the tomato . At least Christmas is over . Oh , no . Excuse me . I think I made a wrong turn . Is there a Millennium Gate around here ? You 're looking at it . The sign said gas , food , lodging . I need all three . You won 't find any of that here . Get back on the Interstate and go to exit nine . - I don 't think I 'm gong to make it - Good luck . Tell me , are people a little friendlier off exit nine ? Oh , no . - You stopped . - You didn 't . Got a pen ? I , I just didn 't see you . I 'm sorry . Are you okay ? - Insurance ? - Not really . - Not really ? - It ran out . It 's not too bad . Two hundred bucks ought to cover it . Two hundred bucks ? Let me guess , the money ran out , too . - Hi . - Hi - The sign said open ? - Yes , that 's right . Till six o 'clock . Can we be of assistance ? It 's cold outside , and I wondered if I could wait here . For what ? For the tow truck . My car broke down . I 'm trying to get to Florida . She doesn 't look like a corporate hit man . I assure you I 'm not . At least not anymore . Well , in any case , she 's unarmed and chilled to the bone . I think we can handle her . Zeus himself watched over travellers . We should follow his example . Make yourself at home . Thank you . Where 's your car ? Down the street , next to the coffee shop . What used to be the coffee shop . It looks like this whole town is closed down . It is . Except for you , huh ? This ship will never sink . Right , Dad ? Decaf . - Not exactly the nectar of the gods . - It 'll do . Thank you . - What 's this about , if I may ask . - Preserving the past . - I 'm Jason , by the way . - Shannon O 'Donnell . - I 'm Henry . Henry Janeway . - Hi . So , you 're trying to get them to stop building this - Millennium whatever-it-is ? - The Millennium Gate . The world 's first self-sustaining civic environment . That 's what the propaganda calls it . It 's nothing but hype . It 's actually a glorified shopping mall . They 've talked all of my neighbours into selling their businesses . Only one thing stands in their way . You 're the last holdout ? This time , Rome withstands the barbarians . I may be able to help you , if you 'd be willing to hire me . Believe me , you don 't want to be licking stamps for the next two days . We could do all this on a computer . Yeah , but my dad doesn 't believe in computers . We don 't even have one . Well I do . We can e-mail every computer within a hundred miles . It 'll just take a few hours . It 's easy . I 'm not hiring anybody right now . Besides , you 're going to Florida . Maybe the tow truck is waiting . Thanks for the coffee . You 're welcome . I wouldn 't ask you for a lot . Just enough to fix the car . I really , I kind of need a job right now . Dad . I suppose we could use some help . You do believe in electricity , don 't you ? So , who are these barbarians , anyway ? - A company down in Texas . - Why come here ? The City Fathers made it easy for them . Free building permits , deferred taxes , new roads , so the invaders , they return the favour . They have offered us twenty percent above the market price for our properties . You know what the catch is ? We 've all got to sell . Everybody must love you . People I knew when I was growing up , family friends , it seems like they 've all just turned against me . If this were Roman times , they 'd feed me to the lions . To the good old days . You know , I was born in the wrong millennium . I 'll stick with the modern age . The classical age . Greatest literature mankind ever produced . No antibiotics . Families who 'd take care of one another . - No cars . - Air you can breathe . - No telephones . - What a pleasure . - Shorter life spans . - Lives that were worth living . - No cold beer . - There you got me . Speaking of the modern age , Do you have any plans for the Millennium Eve ? No different than last year 's Millennium Eve . I plan to be asleep . Life of the party . Oh , don 't tell me you 've bought into all that hype again ? Oh , maybe just a little . Last year , when 2000 arrived ? Everyone was convinced it was the dawn of a new era . But when the world didn 't end and the flying saucers didn 't land and the Y2K bug didn 't turn off a single light bulb , you 'd think everybody would have realised it was a number on a calendar . But , oh , no , they had to listen to all those hucksters who told them the real millennium was 2001 . So this New Year 's Eve will be as boring as last year . Come to think about it , I have sold an awful lot of doomsday books . See what I mean ? So , what 's in Florida ? I have a cousin down there . I 'll stay with her for a while until I can get back on my feet . If you don 't mind my asking , did you lose your job ? - I 'm in a transitional period . - From what to what . From what I was doing to what I 'm going to do . Your son tells me that your bookstore 's belonged in your family for generations . That you 've never done anything else . Yes . That 's right . You know , I 'm just the opposite . I love to see places I 've never been , try new things . I 'm kind of an explorer . Really ? That station wagon of yours doesn 't exactly look like a sailing ship . - It 's a rocket ship . - My mistake . We have every intention of breaking ground on Monday . Day one of the next millennium . The people of this town have given us their full cooperation . That 's not true ! If you 'll let me finish , Mister Janeway . With the exception of Mister Janeway here . Mister Janeway , would you like to comment ? Yes . Yes , I would . You , you just can 't , you can 't bulldoze this town away . This , this is our heritage . This is our past . We 're trying to give Portage Creek a future . Can 't you see that ? Yeah , yeah , your , your future . Your future , not ours . Mister Moss , we 've heard you 're considering moving the project to an alternate site . Can you shed any light on that rumour ? I 'm afraid that 's more than a rumour . If we can 't work out an arrangement in Portage Creek we 'll have no choice but to select another location . - What city ? - No comment . Is it true that Canton , Ohio has been chosen for - Thank you for your time . - Thank you , Mister Moss . Well , that 's that . All we have to do is stand firm till New Year 's . Easy for you to say . I have to go to school with their kids . Your school is one of the first places they 're going to tear down . They said they 'd build a new one , a better one . Whose side are you on ? I 'm sorry . We 're all in this together . Come on . Let 's head back to civilisation . Where shall we dine tonight ? Ah , how does Paris sound ? It 's Friday night . Can we get a reservation ? Well , I think I can arrange it . I know the maitre d . Too bad I don 't speak French . Well , we 'll keep it to ourselves . There . - To new friends . - And a gracious host . Bon appetit . I wouldn 't mind visiting Paris one day . - Yes , it 'd be nice . - You haven 't been ? I haven 't been outside Indiana . These are my travelling companions . They 'll take me anywhere , anytime . It 's not such a bad idea to experience the real thing every now and then . I prefer my books . Maybe you just never had the right guide . Is that an offer ? I could make a similar argument . Not such a bad idea to settle down every now and then . Is that an offer ? You 're a peculiar man Mister Janeway , cloistered away with all your books . Shutting out the world . Any more peculiar than exploring the Midwest in an ailing station wagon ? Only slightly . Any word on my car ? It 's got a brand new oil pan . You forgot to tell me that . Well , we were busy today . It 's parked behind the garage whenever you 're ready . First thing in the morning . Not so fast . Jason told me you promised to show him a few tricks on the computer . I could use another day of rest . Great . Jason will be pleased . And when you 're done with him perhaps we 'll take a stroll along the Boulevard St. Germain . You 're making it difficult to say goodbye . Maybe that 's the idea . You wished to see me , Captain ? I need your help with this . The Millennium Gate . Impressive . It was built by one of my ancestors over three hundred years ago . I 've been digging through the historical database but a lot of the information from that era has been lost or damaged I thought you might be able to help me reconstruct some of it . Is this relevant to our present mission ? It 's relevant to me . This ancestor of yours is fifteen generations removed . You only possess a small fraction of her genetic material . Insignificant . This isn 't about chromosomes , Seven , it 's about character . Explain . Shannon O 'Donnell inspired me when I was a girl . She had a , an influence on my imagination , on my goals . I never realised genealogy could have such an impact . I wouldn 't have become a Starfleet Captain if it wasn 't for her . - The temple of Artemis at Ephesus . - That 's four . - The Colossus at Rhodes . - No . In chronological order . Right . The Mausoleum of Halicarnassus . The Colossus at Rhodes . That leaves just one more . The seventh wonder of the ancient world is . Can 't remember ? It 's right on the tip of my tongue . Forget it , I give up . - I got you . It 's the , - Can 't remember ? The Lighthouse of Alexandria built by Ptolemy the Second in 280 BC . Behold the wonder of the modern world . Borg photographic memory . We 'll call this one a draw . Brushing up on Earth 's history ? Captain Janeway requested that I research one of her ancestors . - Shannon O 'Donnell . - You 've heard of her . Who hasn 't ? You mind if I lend a hand ? If you wish . Sven ' Buttercup ' Hanson . He was one of my progenitors . A twenty second century prize-fighter . The Captain encouraged me to investigate my genealogy as well . Well , your ancestors can tell you a lot about yourself . Somehow , I doubt ' Buttercup ' has much relevance to me . The connection could be deeper than you think . Sven . Seven . A coincidence . The point is , there 's some of him in you . Just as there 'll be some of you in your descendants . If I choose to procreate . Well , I wouldn 't dismiss it so lightly . Someday you may enjoy a little Seven of Nine point five running around . Or not . Or not . My research has failed . I have found no references to this individual . Well , genealogy 's a lot like fishing . You 've got to cast a wide net . Computer , expand record search for subject Shannon O 'Donnell to include non-Federation databases , personal archives and photographic indexes as well . Reference found . Well , take a look at this . Shannon Janeway . Where in the world did you find this ? - A Ferengi database . - Ferengi ? Eleven years ago , one of their historians collected massive amounts of data about the origin of space travel in the Federation . He wanted to market it as a nostalgic gift item . I would have been his first customer . It 's a handsome family , Captain . These must be her sons and daughters . Grandchildren . Great-grandchildren . I 've also discovered journalistic accounts in the historical archives . Mostly articles concerning resistance to the Millennium Gate . The whole town was against her . Download this image for me , will you , Neelix ? I 'm going to frame it . Yes , Captain . The citizens of Canton , Ohio greeted Millennium Gate representatives with a small parade today . Canton is one of three alternate sites now being considered by Gate officials . Vowing not to bow to pressure , Henry Janeway , owner of Portage Creek 's Alexandria Books , says he has no intention of closing down . Marci Collins , Channel Three News . Next stop , Mars . I used to be in media relations with NASA . As I recall , your class came up with that slogan . Do you mind ? It 's a shame you didn 't make the cut . Not good enough , I guess . Do you still keep in touch with any of the others ? No . I do . In fact , I made a few calls last night . Remember Lieutenant McMillan ? How 's she doing . Co-pilot on a joint mission with the Europeans scheduled for 03 . Four months on the space station . Not bad for a girl with claustrophobia . She got over it . Sorry to hear about your last job . All this downsizing in aerospace . Engineers aren 't given the respect they deserve . Who told you I lost my job ? I made a few calls . You don 't have to live like this , borrowing money , sleeping in your car . You 've got no business checking up on me . Actually , I do . We run a history on all our candidates . Are you trying to make me some kind of an offer ? We know you 've been working closely with Henry Janeway . He 'll listen to you . You want me to talk to him , get him to change his mind . - If you can . - And in return ? We 'd give you a job . Make you a consulting engineer on the project . You certainly have the credentials . Well ? I 'll think about it . Think quickly . We can 't wait another thousand years . Roger that , and go ahead . That 's one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind . - Morning . - Morning . I didn 't think you 'd mind . You 've got some really great games on this thing . Don 't worry about it . Have you tried Matrix of Doom ? Oh , yeah . I got vaporised on level six . Try launching a flare before entering the steel fortress . Cool . Coffee ? Please . Where is your father ? Bloomington . All the suppliers in town are boycotting us so he went up there to place some orders . - He left you in charge ? - Alexandria books , may I help you ? Sounds like you 've got it down . I pay the bills too . Dad 's not very good at accounting . - You have any kids ? - Nope . - Not a priority ? - I wouldn 't say that . I just never got around to it . If you don 't mind me asking , where 's your mom ? - She died . - Oh , I 'm sorry . I was really young . I don 't remember her much . Dad says none of the great heroes grew up in a nuclear family . Hercules , Achilles , Odysseus , they all grew up with single parents . You 're in good company . You like working here , Jason ? It 's okay . You know , I get the feeling you don 't share your father 's enthusiasm about preserving the past . I don 't know . The Millennium Gate could be pretty cool . Did you ever see the first landing on the moon ? One small step for man . They showed it in science class one time . I saw it on TV when I was eleven years old . Whole world watched it . Must have been great . Oh , it was . So , do you have any heroes ? We are not living in a heroic age , that 's what my dad says . Come on , there 's got to be somebody . Dad . I mean , he 's a pain sometimes , but he 's pretty cool . Alexandria books , may I help you ? That 's all right . First call in three days and it 's a wrong number . Glorious Hector , son of Priam , slips past the Greek front lines bringing much-needed supplies to the embattled city of Troy . Hey , Dad you 're famous . Local business owner topples gate . Let it fall . Any customers this morning ? No one here but us galliforms . That 's chickens for the non-scientists in the crowd . You two are dangerous together . Portage Creek will thank us one day . You don 't sacrifice history for a shopping mall . It 's a little more than that , Henry . I beg your pardon ? I said , it 's not just a mall . Have you read the promotional literature ? Over six hundred retail spaces available . Franchise potential . There 's a commercial dimension to the project , but that 's not its only function . What 's your point ? I 've learned a few details about the Millennium Gate . It 's a self-sustaining city , an experimental biosphere . It 's never been done before . What 's wrong with the biosphere we 're living in now ? - Nothing . - Exactly . But this project will help scientists learn more about our environment . Possibly even recreate it on other worlds . Other worlds ? Don 't we have enough problems on the one we 're on ? Yeah . Which is why I 'd like to get the hell off it one day . I think you 're taking this exploring a little too far . And you 're so afraid of change you can barely walk out that front door . The Millennium Gate has a lot of potential , Henry , you just can 't see it . All you can see are these books . You 're living in the past ! Sounds like you 've been sleeping with the enemy . Having a beer , anyway . Moss . - He offered me a job . - Doing what ? - Consulting engineer . - On the Millennium Gate . I said I 'd think about it . And he said , get Janeway to sign on the dotted line and you 're hired ? That 's one way of looking at it . And when I say no , then what ? You 're going to go with them , right ? To Canton , Ohio , or the Third Circle of Hell , or wherever it is they decide to build this damn thing ! I can 't keep living out of my car . You don 't have to . Stay here . - No . - Why not ? - Because I can 't . - That 's not a reason . Because I don 't want to ! You 've been really nice to me , Henry , but I can 't get stuck here . Stuck ? Like me . I didn 't say that . You can live however you want to . And so can you . What 's going on ? We 're helping our guest resume her journey . But I thought you were staying here for a while . Something came up . We can manage by ourselves . I guess saying goodbye isn 't that difficult after all . Jason . Jason , where you going ? Aunt Pat 's . Happy New Year . Jason ? Jason ! It was around 2210 . My uncle Jack was on a deep space mission to Beta Capricus . That 's when deep space meant the next star over . And that was when they still had to go into stasis . So Jack put his crew under as soon as they left orbit and piloted the ship by himself for six months . No contact with anybody along the way ? There wasn 't anybody along the way , not back then . The transmitter wasn 't even subspace . It took weeks to get a message back to Earth . - I would prefer stasis . - Me too . That long alone , I 'd probably go a little batty . So , six months to Beta Capricus and when they finally arrive , there 's nothing there . - No planets ? - No . No star , no nothing . It turns out Beta Capricus was just an e.m. echo of a distant galaxy . What was his course of action ? What else could he do ? He turned the ship around and headed home . And the crew ? He figured there was no reason to bother them . There 's nothing to see , nothing to do , so six months later he gets back to Earth , brings everybody out of stasis , and they wake up wondering why they haven 't left orbit . Come in . Oh . I didn 't realise you were in a briefig . Not at all . We 're talking about our family histories . This can wait . May I join you ? Please . I , too , come from a distinguished line . His cousin 's an electric shaver . Hardly . My program was compiled from the most advanced holo-matrices in the Federation . My cousin was a prize-winning chess program . Ensign Paris , you have yet to elaborate on your family origins . Well , they were a pretty ordinary bunch , salt-of-the-earth type people . Farmers , mostly , some planetary colonists . Ah , but there was one . He was a pilot . He flew the first orbital glider over the lower Martian plateau . Mars ? Your ancestor must have known the Captain 's ! She did work on all the early Mars projects . Looks like we go way back , Mister Paris . - What was her name ? - Shannon O 'Donnell . O 'Donnell . I don 't think so . What do you mean ? Well , I know all the Mars projects from the 1970s on , unmanned , manned , who 's who . There were no O 'Donnells in any of them . Come in . Ship 's status report . Let me guess . The holographic engineer is having problems with her program . Neelix , the Cardassian cook , is low on supplies . Seven of Twelve is regenerating and Captain Chakotay is doing just fine . Just wondering how they 'll piece together our lives a few hundred years from now . Depends on how big the pieces are . A PADD here , a Captain 's log there , maybe a couple of holodeck programs . It won 't be as much to go on as we might think . I 've gone through dozens of histories written about twenty first century Earth , all of them biased in one way or another . The Vulcans describe First Contact with a savagely illogical race . Ferengi talk about Wall Street as if it were holy ground . The Bolians express dismay at the low quality of human plumbing . And human historians ? Exact same story . Every culture saw it a different way . So I go back to the raw material . Birth certificates , death certificates , marriage certificates , census surveys , voter registration forms , housing records , medical , employment , court records . It 's all fragmented and incomplete . So , did she exist ? Her name was Shannon O 'Donnell . She did train to be an astronaut but she didn 't finish . She was an engineer but never worked on the Mars missions . Did she work on the Millennium Gate ? Only as a consultant . What about all the opposition you spoke of ? You said she fought to get the project underway . There was no opposition . In fact , the Millennium Gate was greeted with open arms by the local population . Except for one man . Henry Janeway . She married him and changed her name , but she certainly never changed history . Don 't be too hard on her . She may not have known she was supposed to live up to your expectations . Oh , I 'll get over it . But the question is , when we get back to Earth , how will I break the news to Aunt Martha ? With less than three hours to go , Henry Janeway still refuses to cooperate with Millennium Gate representatives . I 'll return with live updates as midnight approaches . Marci Collins , Channel Three News . I don 't suppose there 's any chance he 'll change his mind . By midnight ? Doubtful . Then it looks like we 'll have to scrub the launch , at least where Portage Creek is concerned . It 's a shame how one ignorant man can stand in the way of progress . It 's not that simple . Henry 's a very likable guy but he 's playing for the wrong team . He 's looking back . This town needs people who look towards the future . Well , while you 're looking forward , I 'll be driving to Florida . Wait a minute . I 'm not about to turn a fellow explorer out into the cold . I didn 't hold up my end of the bargain . If we didn 't think you had something to add to this project we never would have made the offer in the first place . Henry Janeway 's pigheadedness doesn 't change that . We could still use your help , just not here . My associate in Canton . I 'll tell him you 're on the way . He 'll find a place for you . Shannon ! What 's the matter ? It 's Dad . See you in Ohio ? He won 't leave the shop . There 's all these people outside . The police are there ! Your father can take care of himself . Please , won 't you talk to him ? He 'll listen to you . No , he doesn 't , Jason . Where are you going ? And what 's this about I 'll see you in Ohio ? Ohio . Florida . - What 's wrong with this place ? - It didn 't work out . - I thought you liked us . - I do . - Then why are you leaving ? - I 'm sorry . December 31 , 2000 . Eleven fifteen p.m. I 've got ninety five miles of Interstate before I have to decide whether I head east or south but those ninety five miles won 't be uneventful . My guidebook tells me I 'm not too far from Leonardo da Vinci 's last supper , recreated entirely in corn . The last few days have been memorable , to say the least . I met Henry Janeway . Interesting man . Liked to talk . Unfortunately , he doesn 't listen to anybody but himself . He gave me a place to stay though , and we had dinner , in Paris no less . He has a son . Good kid . Bright , like his father . I personally don 't regret a single day I 've spent in this lovely town , and I want to thank you all for your encouragement and support . Would you consider extending your deadline ? - Excuse me . - I 'm afraid that 's not possible . We 'd like to express our deepest regrets to the town of Portage Creek and on behalf of . Excuse me . Get this . Let her through . - We 're closed . - It 's me ! I said , we 're closed . That 's not what the sign says . Damn it , Henry , it 's cold out here . - Who 's with you ? - Nobody but us galliforms . Thought you 'd be in Ohio by now . Car break down again ? - What the hell are you doing ? - Get your things . We 're leaving . I 'm not going anywhere . Do I have to drag you out the front door ? - You can try . - Henry . - I won 't leave . - It 's over . Then I 'll have to ask you to leave . Half the town is out there . You 're on the news . Maybe you 'll go down in history . You have made your point . Obviously , I haven 't , because if I had you wouldn 't ask me to sign my life away . Maybe if you 'd looked up from your books once in a while you 'd see what 's in front of you . Oh , please , no more speeches about the future . As long as I don 't have to hear you pontificate about the past . It 's a deal . Glad we had this chat . Goodbye . - It 's almost midnight , Henry . - Exactly . I 've won . What have you won ? The right to hide behind these shelves for the rest of your life ? It 's worked so far . Well , it isn 't working for your son , or this town , or me . Look , I know you 've got a job to do . - This isn 't about the job . - Then why are you here ? - It was the cookies . - Cookies ? I was on the Interstate . I stopped for gas , and I bought a bag of chocolate chip cookies in a convenience store . It 's a little ritual of mine . Whenever I get back on the highway I like to treat myself . I see . Well , what does this have to do with anything ? They didn 't taste good , Henry . It wasn 't the same . I just kept thinking about you and how I wish you 'd been there . Actually , I prefer oatmeal cookies . I 'm allergic to chocolate . Oh , you don 't know what you 're missing . It 's been a long time but I 'm starting to feel like maybe I found a place where I 'd like to stick around for a while , with you and Jason . And we 'd like to have you . But I can 't work in a bookstore for the rest of my life . I 've been given a second chance , Henry , and I can 't lose that . I 'm stuck in the future , you 're stuck in the past , but maybe we could get unstuck in the present . I don 't see how with , without sacrificing my . You know , Mister Moss offered me a job in Canton , even though I failed to keep up my end of the bargain . I guess he felt sorry for me . But I 'm prepared to turn him down if you want me to stay with you . I suppose I could reopen my shop in that monstrosity you want to build . Well , I have a few connections . I could probably get you a nice remote location so nobody would bother you . Not much profit in that . You sure you won 't drive away again ? No , But if I do , we 'll make the trip together . What time is it ? A minute to midnight . Then we 're not too late . Neelix to Captain Janeway . Yes ? Captain , would you mind coming to the Mess hall ? Is there a problem ? No , no emergency , but I need to speak with you . A personal matter . Give me a minute . - Happy Ancestor 's Eve ! - Happy Ancestor 's Eve , Captain . What 's all this ? - It 's April 22 , Ancestor 's Eve . It 's a holiday first established , well , today actually , with the Captain 's permission . Neelix . I think he 's onto something , Captain . An evening of reflection in honour of those who came before . Here , here , Uncle Jack would approve . It got me out from under a warp conduit . I 'm all for it . I appreciate what you 're trying to do , but . Neelix , the gift . What gift ? Shannon O 'Donnell Janeway , circa 2050 . We did a little more research . This photograph was taken in a small park near Portage Creek , thirty eight years after the dedication of the Millennium Gate . I thought it would look nice in your Ready room , on the shelf next to your desk . Thank you , But I 'm not so sure she has a place there anymore . You are mistaken , Captain . Her life captured your imagination . Historical details are irrelevant . I concur with that analysis . If it weren 't for O 'Donnell , you never would have joined Starfleet . Yeah , and I would have never have got you all stuck here in the Delta quadrant . It gave us all time to get to know each other . Time for a family portrait of our own . Everyone , gather around the Captain please . Face the camera . Smile . - To the family . - To the family . - Another one for posterity . - No . Enough is enough . Knock it off , Kieran . That 's an order . Subtitles by Knuspy
