 Naomi Wildman , state your purpose here . I was waiting for you . Kadis-Kot , remember ? Our weekly game ? Reschedule for tomorrow . I 'm working now . Redecorating isn 't work . Aesthetics are irrelevant . I 'm modifying the alcove to function as a cortical processing subunit . That was my next guess . Then I won 't need to explain its purpose . Okay , you win . What do you do with the cortical processing , uh ... Subunit . On Borg vessels , there 's one in each unimatrix . It downloads newly assimilated data to the drones . But Voyager isn 't a Borg vessel , and you 're not a drone anymore . Voyager collects a great deal of information- - sensor scans , navigational projections , engineering updates , away team reports , scientific analyses . The results of our Kadis-Kot tournament ? That , too . The crew must read and study this information- - an inefficient procedure . These data nodes are downloading the information into the alcove . Which is going to download it into you . Precisely . In a matter of hours , I will assimilate several months worth of data . Can I try it sometime ? Your physiology is ... different from mine . Guess I 'll stick to reading my lessons and listening to Neelix tell stories . I will see you tomorrow . Can I watch ? Okay , tomorrow . Warning . Plate is hot . Now you tell me . You go for authenticity and what do you get ? Second-degree burns . I 've been slaving over that replicator program for hours . What was this bizarre rumor I heard about half the crew on Deck 5 getting pregnant ? Oh , that . The Doctor was running generational projections on the Sick Bay computer . Tom Paris happened to glance at the monitor and jumped to conclusions . Wasn 't long before Neelix was asking me if he could turn Cargo Bay 1 into a nursery . Word travels fast on this ship , hmm ? Warp 10 . Oh , by the way , I meant to tell you ... there 's a class-K nebula 25 light-years off starboard . We should take a look . A major detour for a minor nebula . We are explorers , remember ? Permission granted . Main course , a recipe I 've never tried . But we are explorers , remember ? Regeneration cycle complete . Seven of Nine to Lieutenant Torres . Lieutenant Torres , respond . Good morning , Seven . This better be important . I must speak with you at once . I 'm picking up some interesting graviton fluctuations about ten light-years away . Can you be more specific ? Not at this distance . Tom ... alter course . I want to take a closer look . Chakotay had his heart set on that nebula we 're headed for . He 'll have to wait . Captain , I need permission to shut down the sensor grid . Seven thinks a couple of insects are disrupting the power flow . A mating pair of photonic fleas , to be more accurate and possibly their offspring . And how did you arrive at this theory ? Last night , I downloaded six months of ship status reports into my new cortical subunit while I was regenerating . Learn while you sleep . I tried that once- - gave me a headache . Go on . Eight weeks ago , an away team encountered a Kartelan freighter carrying supplies from Sector 492 , a territory that included a former Talaxian colony . Mr. Neelix used the opportunity to acquire 12 kilograms of amber spice- - a delicacy among his people . What does that have to do with the sensor grid ? On the same day , Ensign Kim was repairing a replicator in the Mess Hall . I remember that- - Neelix told me to stick around to try something he was cooking . No doubt made with the amber spice , which contained the larvae of the photonic fleas . How could you possibly know that ? Because I also downloaded data regarding their life cycles . The larvae flew out of the spice jar in search of their primary source of nourishment- - plasma particles . The conduits within the nearby sensor grid contain an unlimited supply of these particles . Ensign Kim had unwittingly given the creatures access by exposing the grid . The now mature creatures periodically tap into the conduit for nourishment . When they do , the sensor emitters momentarily lose their resolution . A logical , though highly speculative , analysis . Let 's find a more suitable home for them . I 'm picking up graviton fluctuations . Take us out of warp . On screen . Anybody want to hazard a guess ? They are hailing us . On screen . I recommend maximum shielding . There are a few technical issues I haven 't worked out yet . There 's a massive graviton surge coming from that thing . Shields to full . Your apparatus appears to be destabilizing . If I don 't find a way to repair this power core , they 'll be able to see the explosion all the way to , uh ... Where did you say you were from ? I didn 't ... but we 're from a planet called Earth . All the way to ... Earth . Can we ask you what it 's supposed to do ? Catapult a vessel across space in the time it takes to say " catapult a vessel across space . " It 'll make warp drive look like a wooden sled . Maybe we can help you with that power core . Hmm ? The core sends a graviton surge through the projectors which locks onto a ship and sends it hurtling into null space to emerge a few hours later , hundreds if not thousands of light-years away . I 'm curious why you built this catapult . Simple- - I 've been looking for a way to get home . We know the feeling . I 'd been exploring an unstable wormhole . Before I knew it , I was here and my home planet was there . I was facing a journey of at least ten years . Instead , I decided to build a catapult . Have you tested it yet ? Two weeks ago , I sent a probe nearly 600 light-years , but it destabilized the core . I 've been trying to fix it ever since . We can send an engineering team over to help you . No , no , it 's too dangerous . I wouldn 't send my own crew in there . Then we could find a way to adjust the core reaction from here . A few well-timed graviton pulses from our deflector dish might do it . That 's generous , but I have nothing to give in return . We 're not asking for anything in return . You could use the catapult after I 've made my jump . It should still be functional . A thousand light-years won 't exactly get you back to Earth ... But it would cut a few years off our trip . If you 're successful , and if I 'm satisfied a jump would be safe for Voyager , then we 'll take you up on that offer . Thank you . Let 's get started . Come in . Good morning . Perhaps not . The alien , Mr. Tash , is trying to deceive us . His catapult is the same type of technology that was used to trap Voyager in the Delta Quadrant five years ago . I scanned the catapult myself . Sensors didn 't pick up anything unusual . You spent the night in your new alcove . Processing the same information and cross-referencing it with Voyager 's database . When the catapult destabilized yesterday , astrometric sensors recorded a momentary burst of epsilon radiation . Unusual , but not unheard of . Epsilon radiation is one the byproducts of a tetryon reactor . According to your own entries in the database , your only encounter with that kind of technology occurred five years ago in the Alpha Quadrant . A coherent tetryon beam locked onto Voyager , and you were hit by a massive displacement wave , which pulled you across 70,000 light-years in a matter of minutes . The source of that tetryon beam was the Caretaker 's Array . Mr. Tash claims that his catapult will be able to do something very similar . He didn 't want us to send over a repair team . Out of concern for our safety . It 's obvious he was trying to hide his tetryon reactor . The first time we met a Caretaker , we were pulled halfway across the galaxy . The second time we were almost killed . I 'm not eager for a third round . Is this any way to treat a colleague ? Not so much as a molecule of Caretaker DNA . Thank you , Doctor . There 's a tetryon reactor powering your catapult . You didn 't want us to find it , did you ? Unless you answer my questions , I 'll resume course , and you can ask somebody else for help . Look , I acquired the tetryon reactor at great cost . This territory is full of species who would do anything for such advanced technology , including steal it . I apologize for the deception , but you do understand . We made an agreement to cooperate . I see no reason not to continue . Thank you , Captain . Keep me informed on your progress . That reactor had to come from somewhere . I can 't just ignore the possibility of a Caretaker nearby . Keep scanning . See what you can find . There is another possibility . The reactor may have come from the same Array that brought Voyager to the Delta Quadrant . That 's a long shot , Seven . Maybe not . Again , according to your own reports , you believed the only way to keep the Array from falling into the wrong hands was to destroy it . It 's possible the destruction was incomplete . And one of the reactors survived ? We scanned for debris . There was nothing left but some fused pieces of metal alloy . I wish to reexamine the sensor records from that event . In case we were mistaken . Yes . Go right ahead . Computer , describe the debris remaining after the Array was destroyed . Particulate dust and metallic fragments composed of an unknown alloy , vapor composed of hydrogen , helium , mercury and argon . Was there anything left of the tetryon reactor ? Negative . Specify the yield of the tricobalt device . 20,000 teracochranes . Who programmed the device ? Commander Tuvok . Display the detonation . Advance the image by .01 seconds . Again . Isolate grid 3-7 and magnify . Is that a tractor beam ? Insufficient sensor data . ldentify its source . Insufficient sensor data . ldentify the isolated section of the Array . Secondary power core . Which contained a tetryon reactor . Affirmative . Commander , I 've been reviewing the data on the destruction of the Caretaker 's Array . Unfortunately , the sensor records are incomplete . I don 't doubt it . We were being attacked by the Kazon . Half the ship 's systems were down . A single Kazon vessel . Armed to the teeth . Commander , you fired the tricobalt charge that destroyed the Array . Correct . Under the Captain 's orders ? Did you also program the charge ? Yes . Under the Captain 's orders as well ? Not directly . I determined the yield . 20,000 teracochranes . That 's correct . According to sensor estimates of the Array 's hull integrity , a charge of half that yield would have been sufficient . The Captain wanted nothing left for the Kazon to use . I calculated a yield certain to produce that result . Something may have escaped the blast- - one of the tetryon reactors . But we scanned for debris . The charge you detonated tore an opening in subspace . And that 's where the reactor went ? Yes . How ? It was pushed there by a tractor beam . Do you have evidence of a tractor beam ? Perhaps . Speculation is not evidence . There was no tractor beam , because there was no ship in the vicinity to generate one , unless you can prove otherwise . Thank you , Commander . Looking for a midnight snack ? I require information . I 'm attempting to determine whether the catapult technology was derived from the Caretaker 's Array . So I heard . A fascinating theory . It 's got my mind spinning . How long were you in the vicinity of the Array before Voyager arrived ? About a year . Kes was on a nearby planet and , uh , we were getting very close . Did you ever encounter the Caretaker directly ? No , no , no , no , no , no . In my opinion , any being powerful enough to grab ships from the other side of the galaxy should be avoided . According to Voyager 's database , he claimed he was searching for a genetically compatible mate . Did you believe that explanation ? I had no reason to doubt it , though it did seem a bit excessive . I mean , all those ships . What happened to them ? Well , after he sampled the crew 's DNA , he sent them back where they came from I suppose . You know , Kes always thought something more was going on , but she had quite an imagination . Were there any other ships in the area after Voyager arrived ? Only the Kazon . But the Caretaker could have pulled in another vessel ... a cloaked ship , perhaps . Seven , what are you getting at ? A third ship hidden from both Voyager and the Kazon . What was it doing there ? Preventing the tetryon reactor from being destroyed . Kes was right . Something was going on . Voyager 's sensor logs were damaged in the Kazon attack . I can 't be certain . Maybe I can help . The sensor records off my ship weren 't damaged . I can give them to you . The tetryon reaction is stable . Graviton field is set for a 100 light-year jump . The catapult 's locking on to him . We 're being hailed . On screen . I 'll contact you the moment I reenter normal space . Thank you , Captain . My pleasure . Catapult is at full power . Good-bye to you all . Final launch sequence has been initiated . He 's gone . How long before we can expect to hear from him ? If his vessel survived , one or two hours . Seven of Nine to Commander Chakotay . Go ahead . I require your assistance in the Astrometrics Lab . On my way . Computer , seal the doors . Deactivate all sensors within this room . Acknowledged . What 's this about ? I believe Voyager 's presence in the Delta Quadrant is no accident . You and the crew have been stranded here intentionally . By whom ? Captain Janeway . The Captain and Tuvok were involved in a Federation conspiracy . They 're in collusion with the Caretaker and possibly the Cardassians . I see . And the point of this conspiracy ? I believe they 're attempting to establish a military presence in the Delta Quadrant . That 's quite a theory . Perhaps you haven 't heard of the Jankata Accord . " No species shall enter another Quadrant for the purpose of territorial expansion . " The Federation signed it , the Cardassians signed it , and Captain Janeway would be the last person to violate it . Improbable as it may sound , I 've found compelling evidence to support my theory . What kind of evidence ? I 've analyzed over 30 million teraquads of data regarding Voyager 's activities over the past five years . It 's quite clear that we 've been the victim of an elaborate deception . I don 't have the benefit of a cortical processor . Why don 't you give me the abridged version ? In the months before Voyager 's arrival , Neelix recorded the appearance of 52 vessels , including this one . A Cardassian warship . A remarkable coincidence . Only days before Voyager 's arrival , the Cardassians were already in the Delta Quadrant . The Caretaker was trying to find a mate , remember ? He was pulling ships from all over the galaxy . I 'm familiar with the Caretaker 's actions . In each instance , he would examine the crew 's DNA and when he failed to find a genetic match , he would release the vessel , but in this instance , Neelix 's sensors indicated the ship vanished . Obviously , it was returned to the Alpha Quadrant . Why ? You seem to have all the answers . I believe the Cardassians were sent back to deliver strategic information regarding the Delta Quadrant . Conjecture . Extrapolation . I can believe the Cardassians might be involved in this , but not Starfleet . There are precedents for unauthorized missions of this type , Commander . According to the Federation database , the Maquis were victims of several of them . All right , you 've got my attention . You said that Tuvok and Captain Janeway were involved . Tell me how . At the same time the Cardassians were meeting with the Caretaker , your Maquis vessel was infiltrated with a Starfleet agent . Tuvok . Your navigator . He guided your ship to prearranged coordinates in the Badlands , where the Caretaker locked onto you . Once you were pulled into the Delta Quadrant Tuvok could 've secretly transmitted final instructions to the Caretaker . A short time later , Captain Janeway guided Voyager to the same coordinates and was also pulled into the Delta Quadrant . All of these events took place within a matter of days . I find that suspicious . I 'll admit , the timing seems a little convenient , but that doesn 't mean there was a master plan . Why did the Captain destroy the Array ? So the Kazon couldn 't use it to attack the Ocampa . That 's what she told the crew , but I believe she intended to remain in the Delta Quadrant all along . If the Array had remained intact , you and all the others would have insisted on using it to return home . She was keeping it from the Kazon . The Captain ordered Commander Tuvok to destroy the Array . He fired two tricobalt devices . Are those weapons normally carried on Federation starships ? No . Yet they were part of Voyager 's arsenal . Why ? I can 't explain that . I can . Neither phasers nor torpedoes are capable of creating a tear in subspace . A tricobalt device is . As Tuvok detonated the device , a cloaked ship locked on to one of the Array 's tetryon reactors and pushed it through the tear into subspace , protecting it from the blast , and hiding it from Voyager 's sensors ... but the Captain and Tuvok knew exactly where it was going . Once Voyager left the area , the reactor was retrieved and began a similar journey carried by a series of vessels , until it was finally delivered to Mr. Tash . Who used it to build the catapult . He was waiting here for Voyager and for the final phase of the mission . Which is what , exactly ? I don 't think Captain Janeway is planning to use the catapult to get Voyager closer to home . I think she 's going to use it to bring in more vessels from the Alpha Quadrant . If I 'm correct , this region of space will soon be occupied by a Federation-Cardassian invasion force . You 've uncovered some interesting facts , but your interpretation is farfetched . These are random incidents . Granted , some of them are hard to explain , but there 's no conspiracy here . Stardate 51008 . Captain Janeway allows Kes to leave Voyager . Neelix told me that Kes had suspicions about the Caretaker . Was the Captain trying to silence her ? Stardate 51462 . The Doctor 's program is transmitted to a Starfleet vessel on the outskirts of the Alpha Quadrant- - an attempt by the Captain to contact Earth , or a secret communiqué informing Starfleet of her progress ? Stardate 50984 . Janeway forges an alliance with the Borg . Stardate 517 62 . A cease-fire with the Hirogen . Stardate 52861 . A non-aggression pact with the Terkellian . She called each incident , " diplomacy . " I believe she was trying to establish a tactical infrastructure in the Delta Quadrant . Over the past five years , Captain Janeway has altered course 263 times in the name of exploration . In reality , she was mapping the region and collecting strategic data regarding ... I get the point . You still doubt my suspicions , but can you be certain I 'm wrong ? Absolutely certain ? No . Until you are , you mustn 't allow Captain Janeway to retain control of the catapult . I 'm picking up a transmission , heavily distorted . He made it . Can you clear it up ? Success , Captain- - 5,000 light-years . Are you all right ? A few systems overloaded- - nothing serious . I had to readjust my shields during mid-flight- - almost lost my outer hull . I 'm sending you the modifications . My catapult is yours , Captain . Good luck . Get that data down to B 'Elanna . Tell her to enhance our shields . So we 're going ahead with the jump ? I want to run a few more tests , launch some probes , but if it all checks out , I see no reason not to . I 've received the telemetry . I 'll take it to Engineering . I want you to add a .03 variance to these shield modifications . That 'll disrupt the emitters . And you 'll need another six hours to get them back on line , I know . Have you run this by the Captain ? No ... and I 'm not going to ... not yet . She 's pulling your leg . It-it 's got to be some kind of Borg practical joke . She wasn 't joking . A secret mission ? Starfleet in league with the Caretaker ? It 's ridiculous . " Ridiculous " ? Seven has some compelling evidence . Well , then , let 's go to the Captain , get a straight answer . " Good morning , Kathryn . " All systems are operational . " The crew 's in good health . " And by the way , is it true you 've been lying to us for five years ? " I 'm not prepared to make that accusation , but I can 't ignore what I 've heard , either . So , what do you suggest ? I want you to delay those shield modifications . That 'll give me time to check Seven 's database , take a look at the evidence myself . The Captain asked me to work with you on the shields . That won 't be necessary , Ensign . Oh , I don 't mind . Oh , you know how eager she is to make that jump . Harry , we 're fine here . " Too many cooks , " Harry . You know how it is . We 'll let you know when we 're done . Download complete . Seven of Nine to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . I need to speak with you in the Astrometrics Lab . I 'm on my way . Computer , seal the door and deactivate internal sensors to this room . Acknowledged . Seven ? I believe Chakotay and other members of your crew are involved in a conspiracy to resurrect the Maquis Rebellion . Did Chakotay put you up to this ? Voyager and the Federation itself are in grave danger . Go on . I 've concluded that Chakotay intends to use the catapult to launch attacks against Cardassian and Federation starships . Chakotay gave up his allegiance to the Maquis a long time ago . What you 're saying makes no sense . Improbable as it may sound , I found compelling evidence to support my theory . In the months before Voyager 's arrival , Neelix recorded the sudden appearance of 52 vessels ... including this one . A Cardassian warship . I 've analyzed the hull geometry and warp signature . It was one of the same ships that were pursuing Chakotay and his crew in the region known as the Badlands . It was pulled into the Delta Quadrant by the Caretaker during that engagement . According to Federation records , that same Cardassian warship was found destroyed in the Badlands . The investigation revealed that it was attacked by the Maquis . I believe that for some unknown reason the Caretaker had sent this ship back to the Alpha Quadrant , and that Commander Chakotay attacked the vessel before it could reach its destination . He downloaded its computer core and discovered the presence of the Caretaker 's Array . He realized that the Array could be used by the Maquis as a weapon to launch surprise attacks against Cardassian and Starfleet vessels . Well , I commend you for your imagination , but Tuvok was a spy on Chakotay 's ship . If your theory were true , he would have known about it . He does . Tuvok has been collaborating with the Maquis resistance all along . That 's not possible , Seven . With Tuvok 's assistance , Chakotay plotted a course toward the next likely appearance of the Caretaker 's displacement wave offering his vessel as bait . His ploy almost succeeded , but the Caretaker was more powerful than he anticipated . His crew was taken captive . A few days later , Voyager arrived and facilitated their escape . Chakotay seized that opportunity to make one last attempt to gain control of the Array , but , then , you gave the order to destroy it . Circumstantial evidence- - not proof . Who carried out your order to destroy the Array ? Tuvok . Using what type of technology ? Tricobalt devices . He set the yield to 20,000 teracochranes . It was enough to tear an opening in subspace . A cloaked ship locked on to one of the reactors , protecting it from the blast and hiding it from Voyager 's sensors . The reactor was retrieved and carried by a series of vessels , until it was delivered to Mr. Tash , who was well-compensated by Chakotay to build the catapult . He was waiting here for Voyager , so Chakotay could complete the mission he was forced to abandon five years ago . I 'd be willing to consider this theory of yours ... if I didn 't know Chakotay as well as I do . There is no one on this ship I trust more . What you 've done here is build what we call a house of cards . Stardate 48658 . Commander Seska is revealed to be a Cardassian spy . She defects to the Kazon and impregnates herself with Chakotay 's DNA . Was he unaware of the procedure , as he claims , or were they working together to create a new Kazon sect to capture Voyager ? . Stardate 49522 . Chakotay recommends establishing trade relations with the Kolhari . Their technology uses tetryon power cells . A simple diplomatic overture , or was he seeking a source of energy for the catapult ? Stardate 4957 1 ... Seven . Naomi Wildman . Where are you going ? That 's not your concern . What 's wrong ? Your father was Ktarian . So ? The Ktarians were officially with the Federation , but they sympathized with the Maquis . What are you talking about ? Who are you working for , Chakotay or the Captain ? Seven ... Tell them it 's too late . Go ! I picked up a power surge coming from the Cargo Bay . I detected the same thing . You think it 's the enhanced alcove ? Could be . Let 's take a look . Are phasers standard equipment on board now ? Must be . The data buffer 's been activated . I wanted to make sure it wasn 't malfunctioning . Well , you should be careful . Somebody might think you were trying to delete a few files . Why would they think that ? Some of those files could contain sensitive information . If that 's true , somebody might think you were trying to do the same thing . That catapult out there- - it 's a powerful piece of technology . If the Maquis ever had access to something like it , they might have been successful . And if we had , your mission to the Delta Quadrant never would have gotten off the drawing board . What are you talking about ? The mission you 've been on for the last five years . My only mission is trying to get Voyager home . Seven showed me the sensor records . I saw the tractor beam . She showed me the same thing , but she implicated you in some kind of Maquis plot . Same evidence . Two different theories . It all started with those damn photonic fleas . She was downloading Voyager 's database ... Bridge to Captain Janeway . Go ahead , Harry . I just picked up an unauthorized launch of the Delta Flyer . Seven 's at the helm . Set a pursuit course . Acknowledged . Chakotay to the Doctor . Sick Bay here . Get down to Cargo Bay 2 . Run a diagnostic on Seven 's alcove . On my way . I 'm glad we got that settled . Likewise . Chakotay ... let 's keep this one out of our logs , huh ? Gladly . She 's altering course , heading for the catapult . Maintain pursuit . Open a channel . No response . Try to beam her out . She 's done something to alter her bio-signature . I can 't get a lock . Target her propulsion and weapons . Fire . Our targeting scanners are out of alignment . She must have done it before she took off . She 's charging weapons . Keep trying . Doctor to Captain Janeway . Report . Seven downloaded too much data into her cortical implant . She 's trying to make sense of more information than she can process . Understood . Beam me onto the Delta Flyer . I 'm going with you . No , I have a better chance of getting through to her alone . This isn 't part of your mission , is it ? Is it part of yours ? Good luck . Energize . Captain . You came here hoping to stop me . You 'll fail . Turn this ship around . That 's an order . Your orders are irrelevant . I 'm no longer under your command . You deceived me . There is no conspiracy . There is no Maquis rebellion . The Federation isn 't planning to invade the Delta Quadrant . I realize that , because I finally uncovered your true objective . And what 's that ? Me . Stardate 3261 1 . The Federation sends my parents to study the Borg collective . They know my family will be assimilated . That was their intention . Stardate 48317 . Voyager is sent to the Delta Quadrant with orders to retrieve me . When they reach Borg space , Captain Janeway negotiates an alliance with the collective in exchange for information regarding Species 8472 . They agree to give her Seven of Nine . Stardate 51030 . Janeway extracts the implants from my body to remove any knowledge I have of her agreement with the Borg . Stardate 53329 . Captain Janeway finalizes plans to use the catapult to deliver Seven of Nine to the Alpha Quadrant , where Starfleet will dissect and analyze the drone to gather tactical data to fight the Borg . I won 't allow you to complete your mission . If necessary , I 'll destroy the catapult and myself . You 're right , Seven . There is a conspiracy here , but I believe it 's a conspiracy of one . I 've got a theory of my own . Your modified alcove threw your synaptic patterns into chaos , and your mind can 't make sense of all the information , so you 're generating theory after theory in an attempt to bring order to that chaos . Your reasoning is flawed . My alcove is functioning perfectly . What about you ? You 're not a drone anymore . You can 't always predict how Borg technology will affect you . You should be in Sick Bay , not behind that force field . Let me help you . No . I don 't believe you . Of course you don 't . Anything I say gets woven into your paranoid conspiracies , but you should believe me , Seven , because I 've never lied to you . And I 'm not lying to you now . You have to put your doubts aside and trust me . Stardate 51030 . Seven of Nine is severed from the hive mind . The Captain tells her not to resist , that she 'll learn to accept her humanity . Seven complies and slowly begins to embrace her individuality . Does she regret that decision ? Stardate 51652 . The Captain encourages Seven to develop her social skills . Seven insists it 's a waste of time , but after further requests , she pursues it and begins to develop her first human friendships . Did Janeway lead her astray ? Stardate 52840 . The Captain orders Seven to study her parents ' journals . Seven claims they 're irrelevant , but eventually she reads them and rediscovers part of her own past . Stardate 52841 . For the first time , Seven tells the Captain ... " thank you . " It was Stardate 52842 ... 0600 hours in the Mess Hall . We had just finished breakfast . My mistake . Stardate today . Janeway beams aboard the Delta Flyer . She reminds Seven of the bond that 's grown between them . Seven lowers the force field and she decides to come home . All I 'm asking is that you trust me again . Delta Flyer to Voyager . Two to beam out . Captain 's Log , supplemental . After further testing , we activated the catapult and were hurtled across 30 sectors of space . In less than an hour , we cut three years off our journey . I 'm happy to say the Doctor has repaired Seven of Nine 's cortical processor , and she 's returned to duty . Guess who assimilated three books and ten reports in two days ? Naomi Wildman . That 's correct . Are you taking your new alcove apart ? Yes . Why ? My attempt to download Voyager 's database failed . Maybe you can fix it . The alcove functioned within expected parameters . Unfortunately , I did not . Three books and ten reports is impressive , but quantity is less relevant than quality . You must be able to interpret the data and enjoy the process . Regardless , you require activities other than assimilating books and reports . A game of Kadis-Kot , for example . When ? Go to the Mess Hall and set up the board . I 'll join you when I 'm finished . I heard the strangest rumor today . Apparently , the Captain and First Officer almost came to blows . Mutiny ? First Officer walked the plank . So I heard . I don 't believe a word of it . Me , neither . Seven was malfunctioning . We don 't have that excuse . You 're right . We 've been through too much to stop trusting each other . You didn 't poison the coffee , did you ? Not any more than I usually do .
