 Eye-In-The-Sky Traffic . This is John Hulet . I have just witnessed 10 , no , maybe 20 , 20 or more cars lose control simultaneously . As far as we can see , traffic has come to a screeching halt on all major arteries . Tracy . Tracy . Come out , dear . Are you hiding from Mama ? Don 't hide from Mama . Come on , Mike , quit kidding around . Judy ... What ... Where did you go ? All right , already . I 'm coming . Charles , it 's the middle of the night . Go away . Come back later . It 's 10 : 00 . Get dressed . We 're needed down at headquarters . The only place I 'm needed is in bed . Goodbye . I 've been trying to reach you for the last couple of hours , but the lines have been down . It wouldn 't have mattered , the ringer 's off . Everything 's in chaos . We 've had power outages all over town , countless number of car wrecks , even reports of plane crashes . What 's going on ? It seems that a lot of people have just disappeared . Including George . Disappeared ? I just saw him four hours ago . We worked the night shift . His wife called this morning . He 's gone . The children are gone , too . In fact , we 've received thousands of missing-person reports in our district alone . What happened ? No one knows exactly . That 's what we need to find out . At 7 : 23 this morning , everything you knew about the world changed . The estimates of the missing are now in the hundreds of thousands . Nationally , reports are in the millions . Worldwide , we have no idea . The President has declared a national state of emergency . Martial law has been enacted . Any estimate on how many of our agents are missing ? We 've been unable to reach about a dozen of our own . Officially , Donald Parker and George Harris are confirmed missing . Now , this is going to hit a lot of you on a personal level , but I need you here . It 's chaos out there , and it 's our job to find out what happened . We need to restore order , and each and every one of you has a very difficult job ahead . Now , each of you will be given what leads we have . Case reports will be on your desks within the hour . Now I don 't know what 's going on out there , but all I can say is good luck . - This is it . - One down , 623 to go . - Yes ? - Mr Fulton ? I 'm Agent Baker , this is Agent Riley , FBI . That 's her picture there . Pretty , wasn 't she ? We were married almost 14 years . Sorry for your loss , sir . We won 't take much of your time . We only have a few questions . - Could I get you guys a drink ? - No , thank you . If you could describe exactly what happened that morning . We are late again . This is the second time this month . I hate being late . Sorry . Couldn 't find the keys . Yeah , I just hate it , though . - Did you get your lunch ? - Lunch ? Look at that . Look at that boat the Williams got . Honey , do you know when they got that ? I looked away for a moment , and she was gone . Do you guys know what happened ? No , sir , we don 't . Hey , buddy ! Got any spare change ? Ball . - Are you dudes really with the FBI ? - Yeah . Cool . We 're not in trouble , are we ? No , we just wanted to ask you a few questions . We 're not skipping school or anything . They called it off ' cause so many students and teachers being taken . - We know . - What exactly happened that morning ? Well , we were having our morning practice as usual , before school . We have some big games coming up . Well , at least we did . Okay . Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Let 's get ready here ! That 's right . I want you to dribble harder . I want you to think about this game . I want you to look alive today . That 's right . Take a shot . Take a shot . Good job ! Good job ! That 's it . Pass it ! That 's the way to do it . Find your open man . Take a shot . That 's right ! Let 's go ! - It 's kind of wild . - Yeah , wild . Wonder why I wasn 't taken , too . Good evening , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm Peter McCollum . Welcome to Views . On tonight 's show , we have several very distinguished guests . First is a leader in ecological research at City University , Dr Claire Holt . Next is Dr Edward Wilkins of City Evangelical Church , and Chair Emeritus at Alpha Theological Seminary . And last but certainly not least , Dr Jason Hersch , President of APET , the Astrophysics and Extra-Terrestrial Research Foundation . Tonight , the topic that is still on everyone 's mind , what happened to all of the people ? - I 've been counted . - I 've been counted , too . - We 've been counted . - We 've been counted . Have you ? Brought to you by the National Emergency Census Bureau . Gaia , as I refer to Mother Earth , is a living organism endowed with great power to support life or extinguish it . I believe this was Gaia 's way of cleansing herself of the negative influence of overpopulation . Well , that 's a very interesting theory , Doctor , but there have also been many who reported seeing UFOs abduct these people en masse . In the past two decades alone , over a third of the pre-event population of the United States believed in UFOs or reported being abducted . However amusing these anecdotal reports are , there is hard scientific evidence ... Both of you are wrong . It was an event foretold thousands of years ago by the prophets of the Bible . It 's called ... Tonight , there has been gunfire in the downtown section of the city , as Global Enforcement Units have joined with the National Guard in routing out an enclave of gangs . The gunfire was particularly heavy just moments ago , as the Global Enforcement Unit stormed the building behind me . Casualties were heavy , with a dozen gang members confirmed dead . Sir , Lieutenant , if you could just answer , how many people were confirmed dead ? Why is this happening ? Those are old scriptures , Doctor , and not dissimilar to other cultures of the same period . Many ancient cultures have artwork and religions that directly point to extra-terrestrial visitation . Disturbances by right-wing extremists continue at the local census stations . Don 't be deceived , this is not of God , don 't you ... Don 't be blind to what the government is trying to do ! In other news , the Global Council of Nations continues ... The only belief that has ever done any good in this world is secular humanism . The Judeo-Christian tradition has done nothing but thwart scientific pursuit and enslave millions of people 's intellect . Science has validated the Bible time and time again . God has fulfilled a major prophecy before our eyes . Well , then why are you still here , Doctor ? Lively discussion tonight . We 'll be back in a moment to Views . You know , I 've come to realise I 'm one of the lucky ones . None of my family was taken . Well , except for my sister-in-law . Rebecca took it kind of hard . - How are things with her pregnancy ? - It 's going well . Yeah , it 's a nice feeling to know that we 're bringing some life back into this world . - It could use some . - Definitely . We hope to bring a lot more . We both want to have a big family . Do you ? - That 's nice . - Thanks . Come on in . I was just brewing some tea . - Could I get you gentlemen some ? - No , thank you . It 's been so long since it happened . I was beginning to think that no one was ever gonna come . Sorry , our case load has been a bit backed up . I wasn 't really their daughter . They treated me like one , but they never had children of their own . They couldn 't . I was their live-in nurse . - Her health wasn 't that good . - You 're still living here ? They left me the house . I guess I must assume they 're dead . They are dead , aren 't they ? If you could describe , to the best of your recollection , what exactly happened that morning . It was really rather beautiful . Beautiful ? Beautiful . - How is she today ? - She 's resting well today . Beautiful . They spent their entire lives loving one another . It only seems appropriate that they be taken together like that . It just seems odd , people vanishing and no one knows what happened to them . Yep . Who 's next on the list ? Catherine Harris . George 's wife . I 'm sorry . He was a good man . You realise we 're not finding any answers , we 're just filing reports . Well , sometimes that 's all the job is . - All right , guys . Come on . - Come on . We 're getting in here . - Let 's do it . - Hold it for me . Right , just like that , Charlie ... Good . Yeah ! We 're going in now ! All right . Come on in , guys . All right , we 're gonna eat good tonight ! Yeah , and a warm bed ! John , my man . It 's all we got . All we got . We are open for business . All right . - Why don 't we go inside ? - Really ? See what God has in store for us , huh ? - After you . - Thank you . All right . These facilities were set up in a hurry . With all the disappearances , we 've had a lot of people in need of psychological assistance . Here it is . Why the security ? Some of these patients are a danger to themselves . Now don 't be long . Mrs Harris has been through a lot . Thank you . Catherine ? Hey . Adam , what are you doing here ? We just stopped by for lunch , heard the food here was wonderful . You remember Charles , don 't you ? Ma 'am . But I 'm a mess . I hate for anybody to see me like this . Hey , you 're as beautiful as always . I 'm so sorry . I know it must be difficult . I miss him , too . Troy , Tanya , all of them . Thank you . Tell me what you remember about that morning . Well , George came in a little after dawn . I was getting worried . What time is it ? It is about 6 : 30 . I gotta get up . I gotta get the kids to school . No , wait a minute , wait a minute . Those kids can wait a few minutes . Come here . We don 't get enough time to spend by ourselves , anyway . You know , I 'm getting tired of you doing so much undercover . - Yeah , I know . - And I 'm really tired of this goatee . - You don 't like my goatee ? - No , it tickles . You know , Troy really missed you last night . He wanted you to read to him from that Bible storybook that you gave him . Well , you could 've read to him . No , it 's not the same . You know it could be . You thought any more about that family retreat up at the church ? I think the kids are really looking forward to it . All those strangers ... Catherine , they 're good people . You 'll have fun . You know , ever since you started going to that church , two years ago , I don 't know . I just don 't feel ... - That I love you ? - No , no . You know I love you more now than I ever did . Baby , I know you love me . It 's just ... Then come , please . Can I think about it ? I really gotta go get those kids up now . - Dad , read the book . - The one about Jonah and the big fish . Jonah and the big fish , huh ? All right . I 'll see what I can do . The story of Jonah . Have you brushed your teeth yet , young lady ? No . Read louder , Daddy ! All right , baby . What 's up , man ? Let 's see what we got here . " Once there was a prophet of God named Jonah , " and God told him to go to a great city , but Jonah didn 't want to go . " ' Please , Lord , don 't send me to that city . ' " Tanya ! Tanya ! Tanya ! No , not my babies , not my babies ! No . My babies . My babies . My babies were gone . I just left the house and never looked back . I didn 't believe him , but he was right . George said this could happen . What do you mean ? He called it the Rapture . It 's a good thought , but it can 't be that . - The Rapture ? - Yeah , it 's a good theory , but I know for sure that that 's not it . What is the Rapture , anyway ? Well , it 's a story in the Bible . Jesus is supposed to come back one day and take the Christians out of this world . I used to hear about it all the time in Sunday school . - You 're a Christian ? - Yeah . I went to church all the time when I was a kid . I 'm a good person . Anyway , people go flying up into the sky or something like that . It 's kind of a crazy idea . Well it 's an appropriate time for crazy ideas . By the way , do you want to come by for dinner tonight ? Rebecca 's making chicken fettuccini , and if I do remember correctly , that is one of your favourites . No . Thank you , though . I gotta check on Catherine 's house . Sounds like it 's been sitting empty for a while . - Thanks , though . - Hold on just a second . Hello ? What ? Okay , I 'll be right there . Rebecca 's in the hospital . Rebecca Baker , please . Room 8 . - Hold on . That 's ... - My wife , that 's my wife in there . I want to see my wife . Mr Baker , I need to talk to you . Hey , I 'll be down the hall . Mr Baker , your wife is resting comfortably . She 's doing fine . Unfortunately , the baby didn 't make it . It was a boy . I 'm sorry . Can I see her ? Sure . Charles . I 'm so sorry . I lost the baby . It 's not your fault , sweetie . It 's not your fault . She said I might not be able to ever have children . It 's okay . We always talked about having lots of kids . I am so sorry . It 's okay . - You kids can be excused . - Okay . Thank you . Catherine , you did it again . It 's great . Stop it ! You have my fettuccini every time we have you over . Yeah , but this time ... This time , you outdid yourself . - You really think so ? - Yeah . Well , then you may wash the dishes . You wash , I 'll dry . No , no , no , I 'll dry . No , look , I 'm sure there 's truth in what you 're saying , but Buddha spoke truth , Muhammad spoke truth ... Muhammad ? What religion are you into this week ? I 'm well-read . There 's nothing wrong with that . I believe a little bit of everything and I try to keep an open mind . All right , all right , look , there 's some truth in all those religions . That 's what makes them so dangerous . Let me show you something . Every word in this book is true . It 's the history between God 's relationship with man and man 's separation from God . Then one day , God himself came down and lived among us as a man . Experienced our pain , our hardships and our joys , and through his death on the cross , made it possible for us to fellowship with him once again . Now you may not believe what I 'm telling you is the truth , but one day , you will . And that day , my friend , the truth will set you free . George , leave him alone now . He doesn 't want to hear all that . And besides , there 's ice cream and a game on in the family room . - Come on . - All right , well , better not disappoint her . You know how she is about basketball , right ? I 'm sorry . No license , no facility . That 's the law . I 've got to lock this place up . I don 't ... Look , I don 't understand . I mean , who am I hurting ? Look , I 'm just trying to help these people . I 'm sorry , the law 's the law . You 've got 10 minutes to get your stuff and get out . Make sure he does . - Where do we go ? - That 's not my problem . - Hey , you okay ? - I 'm fine . Let 's ... Let 's pack up and get out of here , okay ? Yeah , we 'll start packing . Take food and blankets , anything you can carry . I guess the government doesn 't like us . How are you doing ? She was right . What are you talking about ? Who was right ? My sister . She said that Jesus would come back and take them , and he did . Why were we left behind ? What did we do wrong ? We didn 't do anything wrong . We 're decent people , law-abiding citizens . I see scum on the street every day . Those are the people that would be left behind . - Not us . - But she 's gone . He took them . What else could it be ? That 's not what it was . I look unto the hills From where does my help come from ? My help comes from the Lord The maker of heaven and Earth The night before Jesus was betrayed , he took bread , gave thanks , and broke it , saying , " Take and eat , this is my body . " Then he took the cup and said , " This is my blood shed for your sins . " Drink this in remembrance of me . " Let me see , you 've been here for ... - Four months . - You 've been here for a while . According to these reports , you 've been coming along quite well . I think it 's about time you left us . It 's time for you to get on with your life . And one more thing , I need you to report to your local census station . Your cooperation is now considered mandatory . We 're counting on you . Ladies and gentlemen , the President of the United States . My fellow Americans , I have asked for this time to speak to you because of the turmoil our nation has gone through during the last several months . I come before you this evening as someone who has also suffered great personal tragedy . The magnitude of the loss , and the lives that have been forever changed , is beyond measure . No answer has been found , nor do I feel we will find one which will ease the pain of the loss of our friends , family and loved ones . But we must move on and heal our nation as we heal ourselves . As you well know , this suffering has gone far beyond our borders . This catastrophe has touched every single nation on the face of the Earth . The Chairman of the World Council of Nations has asked that we join in the Global Economic Alliance . This action will propel our country into economic health and stability . You must also join with me to turn our currency into Global Credits as soon as possible to ensure the success of this dynamic programme . Already , England , France , Greece and seven other European countries have joined together and are seeing dramatic results . Despite our personal losses , we must remember that the current economic condition is good . Job opportunities in all fields are at an all-time high . By imposing martial law and vigorously prosecuting criminals , we have brought down crime dramatically . This is a time of prosperity , a time of blessing after the curse . To bring further stability , many new and far-reaching programmes must be put into action . We will continue to conduct the Emergency Census . We ask that every citizen receive the biological chip , introduced in Europe earlier this year . As you know , this " B " chip will ensure that all of your monetary credits are properly logged and accessible . It 's much like a credit card , with one wonderful advantage . You can never wake up and discover that it 's lost . We ask that you join in supporting your country as we move into this New Age . I thank you for your understanding and your support . God bless you and God bless America . Good night . I want to encourage all of you . We need to be like-minded in Christ , pressing on toward the goal to help others know Jesus and keep him as our Lord . I need for you all to make a list of supplies that are necessities . John will make the rounds in a little while and he 'll collect your lists . Jacob , are we going to be all right ? God will be with us always . Let 's get to bed . John ... I need you to watch out for everyone for a few days . Okay . I 'm going to take the last of the cash and buy up as many supplies as possible . - I 'm going to need your list , too . - I don 't need anything . Are you going to be okay ? God will meet my needs . He always does . Jacob , do you think they ever will come after us ? I don 't know what God 's plan is , but he 's promised to be with us always , no matter what . Thank you . - You wanted to see us , sir . - Agents Baker , Riley , please , have a seat . I 've been calling everyone in the RA for a briefing . What I have to say comes directly from Washington . " Pursuant to the matter of investigations ... " ... ongoing in the disappearances 18 weeks ago , " we believe it is in the best interest of our nation ... " ... and the Justice Department to re-assign all agents currently involved . " The Justice Department wishes to thank all of its agents and personnel ... " ... for the excellent work that we have seen under such extreme circumstances . " - In other words , it 's over , officially . - How can it be over ? We haven 't found any concrete answers . You heard the President . There are no answers . We need to concentrate on Justice Department matters and national security . Here is your new assignment . The man 's name is Jacob Krause . Our intelligence says that he is a threat to national security . It is believed that he is currently building a paramilitary force . The subject of the force remains unknown at this time . - Where did this guy come from ? - It 's all in the briefings . Please report any new findings immediately . This is a sensitive case , be discreet . Good day , gentlemen . - Agent Riley . - Yes , sir ? I understand that you still have not reported to your census station . No , sir , I planned on doing it today . I just ... - It 's been crowded in my neighbourhood . - Please see that you do . Yes , sir . Hi . Mind if I sit down ? It 's a beautiful day , isn 't it , Catherine ? Do I know you ? I have a message for you . Jesus loves you . Everything is going to be all right . Everything is going to be fine . Did you find anything current online ? Yeah , a two-year-old phone number and a mailing address . And he 's Jewish . Jacob Krause ? Good work . He 's not only Jewish , he 's a rabbi . The mailing address I found was that of his synagogue . - Does he have a wife ? - No record of him ever being married . Why would a rabbi want to start a paramilitary organisation ? Don 't know . Does he have any known ties to any terrorist organisations ? Not according to Interpol . Hey , here 's something . There 's an article about him in The Times . It seems that he took over a Christian homeless shelter after it was discovered that the administration and many of the residents were among the taken . Global Humanitarian Rescue closed down all missions and shelters months ago . I have an address here . Maybe it 's worth checking out . Okay . Find anything ? Yeah , a circle of chairs . Not much more . Judging by the dust ... Nobody 's been here for a while . Let 's get out of here , this is nothing but another wild goose chase . This is ridiculous . We spent three months of our lives interviewing person after person , and for what ? To be told the official answer is there is no answer . Yeah , no answer they are officially willing to accept . And ... And Krause ? Have you seen one shred of evidence that even implies that this man can be a threat to national security ? It doesn 't matter what we think about him . It 's our job to find this guy , and we 're going to find him . Find him ? Why ? To hand him over to a military government so they can lock him away until sometime in the New Age ? Did you see one shell casing , one element for making bombs ? We are not the jury . They tell us to interview people , we interview people . They tell us to find someone , we find them . We 're just one part in the whole process . We step out of line , it all falls apart . Maybe it needs to . Look , this job used to mean something to me . Now , I feel like I 'm a pawn in someone else 's game . Maybe it 's time I quit and get on with the healing . Quit then . Quit if you want to . But if you quit now , you 'll never know what happened that day . You 'll never know the truth . And it is the truth you 're looking for , isn 't it , Adam ? You staying or coming with me ? - Dr Wilkins ? - Who said that ? Adam Riley , FBI . I didn 't mean to startle you , sir . FBI ? Have I done something wrong ? No , sir , just wanted to ask you a few questions . I guess I could use the company . It 's been awfully quiet around here these days . This is the only place I can find peace . I lost over a quarter of my congregation . The others just faded away . It 's a shame to close the doors on a church forever . - What can I do for you , Agent ... - Riley . Riley , yes . I 've read some unusual things in this book that belonged to a friend of mine . Be careful , that 's a very unpopular book these days . I saw you on television a while back . You had some interesting theories about the disappearances . " Theories " ? That 's an interesting word . They are not theories , it 's the truth . You see , Adam , the Lord Jesus Christ has returned for his people . First Corinthians , 15 : 52 , says , " In a moment , in the twinkling of an eye , at the last trump , " for the trumpet shall sound , and the dead shall be raised incorruptible , " and we shall be changed . " This verse foretells what has just happened , the Rapture . Another reference is in First Thessalonians , chapter 4 , verses 15 through 17 . It was promised that Jesus would return with the sound of a shout and the voice of the archangel . And when this occurs , those who believe and are alive will see him and hear the trumpet of God and will be with him instantaneously . But this will all be invisible to the nonbeliever . So , what has happened is the immediate disappearance , the Rapture , of believers . It 's hard to believe , Doctor . Okay , then what ? The beginning of the great tribulation , mass apostasy , one-world government , treaties with Israel , increase in persecution against new believers in Christ , economic boom , then collapse . And finally , the wrath of God poured out on the ungodly . These things are already beginning to happen , Agent Riley . We 've been assigned to find a man , a Jew who seems to be gathering followers . - Well , he could be one of the 144,000 . - The what ? Revelation 14 , verses three through five , " And no man can learn that song but the 144,000 which were redeemed from the Earth . " These are they who are not defiled with women , " for they are virgins . " These are they who follow the lamb whithersoever he goeth . " These were redeemed from among men ... " ... being the first fruits unto God and to the lamb . " - The lamb being ... - Christ . And the first fruits ? Back in Revelation , chapter seven , verse four , " And I heard the number of those who were sealed , " 144,000 , from every tribe of the sons of Israel . " This Jew you 're seeking could be one of the chosen Jews to preach the message of Jesus Christ . You still don 't believe me ? Thank you for your time , Dr Wilkins . - It 's not a matter of belief . - Yes , it is . Trust me , I know . Why do you think I 'm still here ? I 'm sorry . Sorry that I 'm still here , or sorry that I didn 't really believe in him ? FBI regional headquarters . How may I direct your call ? - Don 't sit down , we 're leaving . - Leaving ? Where ? One moment , please . Just got a lead on Krause . What in the world is going on ? I don 't know , but let 's go find out . Johnson , get that napalm . - Now ! I want it all now ! - Yes , sir . Right away , sir . Give me a hand with these boxes . Kowalski , check the orchard . Okay , you folks , come on , come on , move along . I 'm sorry , this is a restricted area . I 'm Agent Riley , this is Agent Baker . I 'm sorry , sir , this is a restricted area . Who is your CO , Sergeant ? I 'd like to have a word with him . Lieutenant Fredericks ? Sir , I have two FBI agents that request to speak with you , sir . Yes , sir , right away , sir . Follow me . Yes , sir . I 'm Lieutenant Fredericks . What may I do for you gentlemen ? Lieutenant , we 're here looking for this man , Jacob Krause . There 's no one here by that name . We received information that this was his last known location . Like I said , there 's no one here by that name . Lieutenant , we expect the full cooperation from Global Enforcement during this investigation . We thank the FBI for their assistance , but this is our investigation now . Sergeant , show these gentlemen to their vehicle . Yes , sir . This is not an investigation , this is a mop-up . Okay , that 's good . You can put it there . - Hey , isn 't that Catherine Harris ? - What 's she doing here ? We 've got to get her out of here . Cover me . Let 's go , let 's go . Check the rear of the barn . - What ? - Cover me . Watch your step , ma 'am . You are really pushing it . Jackson , I said six . Six of them , not five . Bring up the rear . All right , she 's secure . I 'll get the rest . We 're all set . Let 's go . Hey , excuse me . Do you know anything about these new engines ? Yeah , well , some . I used to work in the motor pool . Adam , what are you doing here ? I was kind of wondering the same thing about you . I 'm getting you out of here . Perimeter secure , sir . Try it now . - Thanks . - Thanks . Lieutenant . Lieutenant , we have an escaped suspect . You 're not going to get in trouble for this , are you ? Should we pursue , sir ? No , we 'll deal with them later . Any further orders , sir ? - Standard procedure . - Yes , sir . All right , you heard the man . Clear it out and burn it down . Let 's go ! Move , move , move ! It 's been a while since I 've had a hot cup of coffee . Catherine , what were you doing with those people ? I am one of those people . You 're a follower of Jacob Krause ? No . I 'm a follower of Jesus Christ , like he is . For two years , George was talking about the peace and joy he found in the Lord . Now , heaven knows , I loved the man , but I thought he was crazy . Now I look back on it , and I thought I was so together . I thought I was so smart . But I know now , God is in control , not me . Well , if that 's true , then ... Then why were all of your fellow believers being dragged off by the Enforcement Unit ? Well , things don 't always work out the way that we want them to , but that does not negate the fact that God is ultimately in control . " We know that all things work together for good ... " ... to them who love God , " to them who are called according to his purpose . " That 's Romans , 8 : 28 . I 'm learning . This joy , this peace that I found , I found it just in time . The time is short . The day is coming when it 'll be too late , and people need to know that Jesus loves them . They need to know the urgency . Now is the time . Now is the time . Here comes trouble . Agents Riley and Baker . - I believe you have our suspect . - Your suspect ? Take her . Agent Riley , stand down . Surrender your suspect . Who are you ? Stand down . I said , " Who are you ? " Stand down or we will use lethal force ! Stand down . Adam . It 's not worth it . Going with them is not the worst thing that could happen . I 'll be all right . Adam , he is waiting for you . I look unto the hills From where does my help come from ? My help comes from the Lord The maker of heaven and Earth So you want to know who I am ? I 'm someone you never want to mess with . If you ever pull anything like that again , I 'll bury you so deep , you 'll never taste freedom again . What was that you said about feeling like a pawn ? This is unbelievable . These checkpoints are getting really old . - You need to get it done . - Okay . Don 't put it off any longer . Okay . Sir , this is your second warning . All government employees will be taken into immediate custody upon their third infraction . Move along . Thank you . - How did they know where we were ? - I think somebody followed us . No , we got away clean . We didn 't go through any check stations and within a half an hour , they were on top of us . There are only so many roads out of there . Somebody must have spotted us . What now ? We go back to the beginning . There 's something that 's been bugging me about this place . Besides the cockroaches ? Exactly what are we looking for ? - I know where he 's at . - How ? My dad and I used to camp on this mountaintop when I was a kid . - It 's a few hours north of here . - How can you be so sure ? This looks like every other mountain view in this part of the country . No , no , no . I know this place like the back of my hand . Okay , so you want to drive all night , go to some mountaintop to find this character , based on the fact that you found some picture tacked up on a bulletin board ? I don 't think so . You got a better idea ? No . Are you staying , or are you coming with me ? If he 's up there , he may be armed . What took you so long ? We had to stop for gas . Jacob Krause , Agents Baker and Riley , FBI . You 're under arrest . It 's beautiful , isn 't it ? I love this spot . Do you ever wonder how this place came to exist ? How this was all created ? Do you see those fruit trees ? They rely on God for their sustenance . Who are you ? I 'm a servant of Jesus Christ . I spoke to someone who told me who you might be . - Was he right ? - Possibly . Are you one of the 144,000 ? God needed people to speak hope and life to the world , especially now . That 's what I 'm doing . I 'm pointing the way to Jesus Christ . All I know is that there 's a warrant out for your arrest . Now you can cooperate , or we can do it the hard way . I see . Charles , what are you doing ? I 'm only executing the law . Whose law ? God 's law or man 's law ? Turn around and put your hands on the back of your head . Is this really necessary ? I 'm doing my job . At least cuff him in front . Everyone serves someone . Who do you serve ? Let 's go . Wait a minute . You led us here . Why ? God loves us so much , he sent his son down to die on the cross . The perfect sacrifice of Jesus , the shedding of his blood , makes us able to commune again with God . Just like the first man , Adam , before he disobeyed God . You 're charged with treason . That 's a capital offence . You could die . To live is Christ , to die is gain . There are worse things than dying . - It was the Rapture , you know ? - There 's no proof of that . That 's why it 's a matter of faith . So I 've been told . What about that chip in your hand ? They call it the " B " chip . - What 's its purpose ? - It 's nothing more than a credit card . Really ? There 's nothing about you , not one piece of information , that 's not recorded in that chip . You can 't buy or sell without it , you can 't travel without it , but what else ? They call it the " B " chip . - What does the " B " stand for ? - Biological . Biological Encoding . More than a mere credit card . - What 's its other purpose ? - There is none . Tracking , satellite tracking . Biological Encoding And Satellite Tracking , or , as the Global Council of Nations refers to it , the BEAST chip . Why do you think that the Global Enforcement Unit always seems to be one step ahead of you ? You see , Charles , the reason they think I 'm a threat is I tell believers not to get this chip . It 's not of God . I don 't believe any of this . You sound like some conspiracy-theory nut . There 's a lot of explanations for what happened that day . And you ? You 're a fool . " If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world , " let him become a fool , that he may be wise . " For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God . " I hate to break it to you , pal , but I grew up in the church . I 'm a good person . Charles , nobody 's perfect . You can 't get to heaven or into God 's presence by doing good deeds . God is perfect . And he can 't allow sin in his presence , and we , unfortunately , are full of sin . So , you 're saying if I believe that Jesus paid for my sins ... And that he is lord of your life , then you can come into his presence and know the fullness of his forgiveness and of his love for you . I still think you 're a fool . It 's purely a personal decision , Charles . I 'm going to grab a bite to eat . You want anything ? - Yeah , get me a soda , I 'll get the gas . - All right . I 'm fine . Thanks for asking . Could I get out and stretch ? Come on . If I wanted to run , you 'd have never found me . Okay . You know what they 're going to do to you . I 've got a pretty good idea . Then why did you let yourself get caught ? To talk to you . What do you mean by that ? God wanted me to talk to you . Listen , Adam , there 's not much time . You know in your heart what you 've heard is true . The truth , that 's a powerful thing . That 's why people fear it so much . But once you 've heard it and you know it 's true , everything else is just a cheap imitation . The question is , will you accept it or reject it ? I accept . I want what you have . I want to know your Jesus . - What do I do now ? - All you have to do is ask . If we humbly confess our sins and ask Jesus Christ to be our saviour and lord of our life , we will spend an eternity in his kingdom . " And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes , " and there shall be no more death , neither sorrow , nor crying , " neither shall there be any more pain , for the former things are passed away . " Behold , I make all things new . " It 's your time , Adam . God , I know you 're real . Please forgive me . Come into my life , Jesus . God , lead me . - What are you doing ? - Accepting , now get in the trunk . One more thing , don 't forget about me . I won 't . He won 't , either . This and the gas for that car out there . That car ? Hey , you didn 't pay yet . No ! No turning back now . - Hello . - Adam . Hey , Charles , I thought it would be you . What do you think you 're doing ? What do you think I 'm doing ? I 'm helping a fugitive escape . Have you lost your mind ? This has got to be the craziest thing you 've ever done . No , this is the most sane thing I 've ever done . I am not going to stick my neck out for you this time . No way . I can 't ! No way ! I know , I didn 't want you to . That 's why I left you there . Adam , do not do this . I 'm begging you , do not do this . I love you , my friend , more than you 'll ever know , but I can 't talk to you right now . I 'm kind of busy . Adam ! Adam ! FBI , I 'm deputising your car . Sir , could you please step out of the vehicle ? - Is there a problem ? - Wait here , sir . Sometimes I hate technology . This time I 'll let you go with a verbal warning . Move along . Stop that car ! Stop that car ! Hold on , what 's going on here ? What 's going on here ? Agent Riley , throw your weapon out and exit the vehicle . - Why 'd you do it ? - I had to . I had no choice . I finally found what I was looking for . The truth . How does it feel to throw everything away for nothing ? Where is he ? I 'll get him . Riley , you 're a fool , a fool ! It 's still for nothing . Thanks for the help , Agent Baker . In the words of Apostle Paul , " Fight the good fight , " finish the course and keep the faith . " Stand firm and be true to our Lord , " who suffered wrath and died for our sins ... " ... so that we may have eternal life with him . "
