 So , how 's the newest addition to our family ? At the moment , she 's stable , but the prognosis isn 't clear . Her human physiology has begun to reassert itself- - respiratory system , neurological functions , immune response . But those systems are swarming with Borg implants . There 's a battle being waged inside her body between the biological and the technological , and I 'm not sure which is going to win . Well , it 's time we brought her up-to-date . Wake her . Captain Janeway . What have you ... ? The others ; I can 't hear the others . The voices are gone . We had to neutralize the neuro-transceiver in your upper spinal column . Your link to the collective has been severed . You will return this drone to the Borg . I 'm afraid I can 't do that . You will return this drone to the Borg ! If I were to turn this ship around and head back into Borg territory , I 'd be putting my crew at risk . I 'm not prepared to do that . Try to understand . You have to stay on board Voyager , but I 'm offering you freedom from the collective , and I assure you , we 'll do everything we can to help the transition ... You will supply us with a subspace transmitter and leave us on the nearest planet . The Borg will come for us . It 's too late for that . Your human cells are starting to regenerate . You won 't survive without medical care . We need nothing from you . We are Borg . We ar ... This implant is being rejected by the tissue underneath . It 's going to have to be removed . You will suppress the human immune system ! I 'm sorry , but the process has gone too far . We 've got to get you to Sick Bay . No ! We are Borg ! We are Borg ! This armor plating is anchored to the skull with over 3 million microconnectors . There 's no time to cut through them . I 'm going to have to remove the outer layer of the skull itself . Lieutenant , will you please leave the surgical bay ! This Borg is a security risk . She is heavily sedated . I assure you , she 's not going anywhere . Thank you . Kes , I want you to anesthetize her cranial nerves . 20 milligrams anetrizine . Yes , Doctor . Kes ... ? I don 't know what happened . I looked at the hypospray , and it just came to me . Have you been experimenting with your psychokinetic abilities ? No , not for months . But I have been feeling a little strange lately- - lots of energy , sleeping less ... I can see why . Your serotonin levels are 62 percent above normal . It 's the telepathic centers of your brain . They 're in a state of hyperstimulation , like they were a few days ago , when you were in contact with Species 8472 . Are they attempting to communicate with you again ? No . This time , it 's different . I don 't feel their presence at all . Perhaps she 's experiencing an aftereffect of some kind . A reasonable diagnosis ... for a security officer . I 'll run a full microsynaptic analysis , but it will have to wait . We should get back to our Borg . Come in . Ship 's status report . We 've got two teams on the hull stripping off the Borg armor . They 're working around the clock , but it 's still slow going . What about the warp drive ? Torres is having problems cleaning out the plasma relays . It 's disrupting the antimatter reaction . Until she 's got it fixed , we 're stuck at impulse . She 's requesting all personnel with a level-3 engineering rating or higher to lend a hand . Granted . Tactical update ? Long-range sensors are picking up residual transwarp signatures- - Borg vessels . They passed by probably three days ago . So we 're not out of the woods yet . Having half our propulsion system overrun by Borg implants doesn 't make repairs any easier . Seven of Nine could help us with that . That might be true , if she were willing , but she 's not in the most cooperative mood . That could change . I just have to reach her somehow . Annika Hansen . Our Borg ? It took some digging through the Federation database , but I managed to find a single entry in the records of Deep Space 4 . Her parents were ... unconventional . They fancied themselves explorers , but wanted nothing to do with Starfleet or the Federation . Their names were last recorded at a remote outpost in the Omega Sector . They refused to file a flight plan . Apparently , they aimed their small ship toward the Delta Quadrant , and were never heard from again . For all we know , Annika and her parents were the first humans the Borg ever assimilated . From what she 's told me , that was almost 20 years ago . So she was raised by the Borg . It 's the only life she ever really knew . If you were thinking of bringing her into the fold , that might not be possible . What 's the alternative- - toss her back to the wolves ? Sick Bay to Captain Janeway . What is it , Doctor ? Could you come down here , Captain ? We 're having some ... problems . I 'll be right there . It 's like peeling an onion . Store it in a biostasis chamber . It may still be active . If you think there 's a risk , Mr. Tuvok , you can throw one of your little force fields around the chamber . A prudent security measure ... for a Doctor . Report . I 'm afraid we have a decision to make- - a difficult one . Her human immune system has reasserted itself with a vengeance- - body armor , Borg organelles biosynthetic glands- - they 're all being rejected . Her life is in danger . I have little recourse but to remove the Borg technology . Which is the last thing Seven of Nine would want . Hence , the difficult decision . If a patient told me not to treat them- - even if the situation were life-threatening- - I would be ethically obligated to honor that request . This is no ordinary patient . She may have been raised by Borg , raised to think like a Borg ... but she 's with us now and underneath all that technology , she is a human being- - whether she 's ready to accept that or not . And until she is ready , someone has to make the decisions for her . Proceed with the surgery . Aye , Captain . Kes . Let 's begin with the microtubule network embedded in the esophageal tract . What 's happening ? I 'm not sure . She 's going into neural shock . I can 't localize the source . Kes , try to stabilize her motor cortex . Use a neuro sequencer . Kes , I said to stabilize her cortex or we 're going to lose her . Wait . I can see it . What ? I think the problem is in her colliculi . Yes ... I can see it . A Borg implant--it 's pressing against her trochlear nerve . Can you tell me how we might remove it without severing the nerve ? I think I can do more than tell you . The implant is deteriorating . Her nervous system is stabilizing . Nice work , Kes . Unconventional ... but effective . They say the eye is the window to the soul . In this case , it 's a little bit more . I fabricated this artificial organ to replace her eyepiece , but I 've had to retain some of the Borg circuitry along the optic nerve . As a result , she 'll have increased acuity in one eye . Note how perfectly I 've matched the pigment of the iris to her human eye . Excellent work , Doctor . I admire your attention to detail . When can I speak with her ? She 's out of immediate danger and I don 't plan to resume the extraction process until tomorrow . I can wake her now if you 'd like . I would . How are you , Kes ? I feel exhilarated , Captain . I 've never been so focused in my life . And my telepathic abilities are stronger than they 've ever been . Your performance today was astonishing . However , your psychokinetic powers are still undisciplined and , as a result , unpredictable . I feel like I 'm in control . Nevertheless , you must proceed with caution and with my assistance . What are you suggesting ? A series of guided meditations to help her explore the depth of these new abilities . Kes ? I 'm ready . Well , then , if you 'll excuse us , we should begin immediately . Ready when you are , Captain . Don 't be alarmed . You 're in Sick Bay . You 're going to be fine . What have you done to me ? Your body was rejecting the Borg technology . You were dying . I 'm sorry , but we had no choice . Those are dermaplastic grafts . They 'll help the regeneration process . Unacceptable . You should have let us die . I couldn 't do that . This drone cannot survive outside the collective . I beg to differ . Now that the Borg implants are being excised , your human systems are free to thrive and thriving they are . As a matter of fact , I ... I want to help you , but I need to understand what you 're going through . Do not engage us in superficial attempts at sympathy . It 's obvious that you 're in pain , that you 're frightened , that you feel isolated , alone . You are an individual . You are small . You cannot understand what it is to be Borg . No , but I can imagine . You were part of a vast consciousness , billions of minds working together , a harmony of purpose and thought- - no indecision , no doubts . The security and strength of a unified will- - and you 've lost that . This drone is small now . Alone . One voice . One mind . The silence is unacceptable . We need the others . I can 't give you back to the Borg , but you 're not alone . You 're part of a human community now- - a human collective . We may be individuals , but we live and work together . You can have some of the unity you require right here on Voyager . Insufficient . It 'll have to do . And the fact is , this community needs you . The Borg modifications you made to our vessel are disrupting our warp drive . We need your help to remove them- - your ... expertise . Your cooperation . You must comply . All right . I think I 've got all the Borg garbage out of the plasma intake manifold . Let 's try reinitializing the antimatter reaction . Matter / antimatter reaction at 22 Cochranes and rising . Damn ! What happened ? Intake manifolds 11 and 13 are still blocked . This is like pulling weeds . You think you 've got them all out , and then ... You have neglected to remove the autonomous regeneration sequencers . Lieutenant Torres , Ensign Kim , you remember Seven of Nine . How could we forget ? We can 't afford to delay repairs any longer . So I 've asked her to help us remove the Borg modifications . She only has a few hours before she returns to Sick Bay . I suggest you put her to good use . You can start with the plasma relays . They 're in Jefferies Tube 13 ... Jefferies Tube 13-Alpha , Section 12 . We fully recall the engineering specifications of your vessel . Good . Can you also recall the way it looked before you turned it into a Borg circus ? Yes . Well , now that the pleasantries are over , why don 't you get to work ? I want updates every hour . Yes , Captain . The flame of the lamp is fire disciplined- - tamed and under control . It is the appropriate focus for the task ahead of us . How do we begin ? I will attempt to guide you in manipulating the flame at the subatomic level . Concentrate on the flame- - try to see past the surface ... past the light ... to the patterns of energy and matter . I can see the essence of the fire . Good . Now , reach out with your mind and intensify the flame . I 'm making it hotter , brighter . Now , with your thoughts ... reduce the flame . Excellent . You 've never demonstrated this level of control before . It 's as though I knew what had to be done and ... What 's wrong ? Something 's happening . I can see further , beyond the subatomic . Kes , there is nothing beyond the subatomic . But I can see it , Tuvok . It 's a new level of reality . It 's beautiful . Perhaps we should stop for now . Wait a few seconds . I want to try to control it . Don 't worry , Tuvok . What about these linkages ? Every time I pull one out , another one comes back in its place . Autonomous regeneration sequencers . They function to counteract resistance . Amazing . How did you come up with the pattern - duplication design ? We came up with nothing . The Borg assimilated this technology in Galactic Cluster 3 from Species 259 . I 'm not interested in a history lesson . How do we disable it ? You must disconnect each sequencer conduit at the insertion juncture . Why don 't you two work in the Jefferies tube ? Start with the plasma relays . I 'll start here . You said the Borg got this stuff from Species 259 . Who were they ? I guess the Borg meet a lot of people , don 't they ? Stupid question . So what 's it like out there in Galactic Cluster 3 ? Beyond your comprehension . Try me . Galactic Cluster 3 is a transmaterial energy plane intersecting 22 billion omnicordial life-forms . Oh . Interesting . Ensign Kim , your assistance . Captain , somebody 's trying to access the subspace transmitter . Captain , I don 't know how , but she 's erected some kind of force field around the door . We can 't break through it . She 's bypassed our security protocols . Disable the transmitter . It 's too late . It 's obvious your mental abilities have progressed beyond this particular Vulcan exercise . I suggest we ... What is it ? Something 's wrong . The Borg is trying to contact her people . Tuvok to Security Team 1 . Intruder alert in Engineering . Wait . I think I can stop her . It 's over . Tuvok to Bridge . Status ? There was some kind of explosion in the Jefferies tube just as she was about to initiate her transmission . We don 't know what caused it . I believe I may have the answer , Captain . I can tell by the expression on your face , that you 've got some bad news . I have no expression on my face . However , you are correct . The news on two separate fronts is not good . I checked the subspace bandwidths . At least a partial signal was transmitted from Voyager . Enough for a Borg ship to track ? Possibly . And the second front ? I believe there 's also cause for concern regarding Kes . Explain . Internal sensor logs show that she destabilized the Jefferies tube at the molecular level . The effect weakened the infrastructure throughout the deck . She wishes to develop her abilities further . I am not certain it would be safe ... for Kes or Voyager . I 've got an Ocampan who wants to be something more and a Borg who 's afraid of becoming something less . Here 's to Vulcan stability . Wait for me . So this is human freedom . I 've decided to keep you in the brig until I 'm certain you won 't try to harm us again . If necessary , the Doctor can treat you here . I honestly believed you were going to help us . You were not deceived , Captain Janeway . It was my intention to help you . What happened ? There was a chance to contact the collective . I took advantage of it . Your attempts to assimilate this drone will fail . You can alter our physiology , but you cannot change our nature . We will betray you . We are Borg . I 've met Borg who were freed from the collective . It wasn 't easy for them to accept their individuality , but , in time , they did . You 're no different . Granted , you were assimilated at a very young age and your transition may be more difficult , but it will happen . If it does happen , we will become fully human ? Yes , I hope so . We will be autonomous , independent . That 's what individuality is all about . If at that time , we choose to return to the collective , will you permit it ? I don 't think you 'll want to do that . You would deny us the choice , as you deny us now . You have imprisoned us in the name of humanity , yet you will not grant us your most " cherished " human right- - to choose our own fate . You are hypocritical , manipulative . We do not want to be what you are ! Return us to the collective ! You lost the capacity to make a rational choice the moment you were assimilated . They took that from you . And until I 'm convinced you 've gotten it back ... I 'm making the choice for you . You 're staying here . Then you are no different than the Borg . Talaxian champagne . Moon-ripened . Your favorite . Neelix , where did you get this ? I put a bottle away ... for a special occasion . Remember when we last sipped this together ? Three years ago . It was when we first arrived on Voyager . And do you remember the toast I made ? Yes . " To the adventure . " " To the adventure . " When you left Ocampa , you said that your people were being held back . That if you were only given the chance , you could become something so much more . And you have . I know things haven 't worked out exactly the way we planned . I was only holding you back . That 's obvious to me now . No . I couldn 't have come this far without you . And I love you . I always will . It 's just , uh ... My cooking . You 've always hated my cooking . That 's exactly what it was . Ah ... So tell me more about what 's happening to you . What does it all mean ? I don 't know , and that 's what makes it so exciting . It 's as if I can see into a place where the distinction between matter and energy and thought no longer exists . And that 's only the beginning . I feel as if all the boundaries within me are about to fall away . It sounds ... er ... uh ... interesting . I only have to look at an object , gaze at it , and I can begin to see ... that the space between the atoms is being filled with something else . Uh , Kes ... I can see ... I see ... Uh , Kes , stop ! No . Neelix ! Captain , I 'm picking up some strange energy readings from Deck 2 , the Mess Hall . Bridge to Neelix . What 's going on down there ? Neelix , report . The bulkhead in that section is coming apart . Increase the structural integrity field of Deck 2 . Tuvok . I 've run every conceivable neural analysis- - everything short of dissecting the brain itself . Her telesynaptic activity is increasing , but I don 't know why , or how to stop it . Have the ship 's internal sensors revealed anything ? For 17 . 4 seconds , Kes 's body went into a state of cellular flux . She began to destabilize at the subatomic level . And for some reason , her atoms reestablished their bonds and she was back in one piece . But what about the next time ? Her condition is escalating . We must find a way to suppress it or the last we 'll see of Kes could very well be her molecules blowing through the ventilation ducts . Tuvok , enhance the structural integrity fields throughout the ship . If she has another incident , I 'd like to avoid a hull breach . Doctor , maybe it 's time we broaden our horizons . This appears to have gone beyond medical science . We 're into particle physics now . I 'll try looking through the quantum substructure database . Maybe it 'll give me some ... inspiration . Keep me informed . Kes , until I can devise another diagnostic procedure , you 're free to return to your quarters . Actually , I 'd like to stay here , help with the research . I don 't want you to overexert yourself and risk precipitating another telepathic incident . Try to get some rest . Just let me stay a little while . I haven 't seen you much over the past few days . I miss you . All right , just for a while . Ensign Ayala to the Bridge . Go ahead , Ensign . You 'd better come down to the brig , ma 'am . One . One . My designation is Seven of Nine ... but the others are gone . Designations are no longer relevant . I am ... one . Yes , you are . But I cannot function this way- - alone . You 're not alone . I 'm willing to help you . If that 's true , you won 't do this to me . Take me back to my own kind . You are with your own kind--humans . I don 't remember being human . I don 't know what it is to be human . What are you doing ? I 'm coming in . I 'll kill you . I don 't think you will . Do you remember her ? Her name was Annika Hansen . She was born on Stardate 25479 at the Tendara Colony . There 's still a lot we don 't know about her . Did she have any siblings ? Who were her friends ? Where did she go to school ? What was her favorite color ? lrrelevant ! Take me back to the Borg . I can 't do that . So ... quiet . One voice . One voice can be stronger than a thousand voices . Your mind is independent now with its own unique identity . You are forcing that identity upon me . It 's not mine . Oh , yes , it is . I 'm just giving you back what was stolen from you- - the existence you were denied , the child who never had a chance . That life is yours to live now . I don 't want that life ! It 's what you are . Don 't resist it . No ! No . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Warp drive is still off-line and we don 't know whether the Borg have detected us . Kes 's psychokinetic abilities continue to damage the ship 's structural integrity , and as a result , our defenses have been compromised . Come in , Captain . You wanted to see me ? Oh , Tuvok 's meditation lamp . I was with him when he got it six years ago , from a Vulcan master ... who doubled the price when he saw our Starfleet insignia . I 'm sure it was the logical thing to do . I 've been thinking about everything that 's been going on ... and I know what I have to do . It 's time for me to leave Voyager . Oh , Kes ... Something important is happening to me and I want to explore it , but I can 't stay here any longer . I 'm a danger to all of you . We 're going to get to the bottom of this . The Doctor 's already working on a new approach ... Everybody thinks that what 's happening is a medical condition . That 's not it at all . I 'm going through a transformation . I don 't know how or why , but every cell in my body is telling me that I 'm changing into something more . But what if it 's not true ? What if you 're simply being swept up in the excitement of what you think is happening , but it 's not real . On the basis of a feeling , an intuition , you 're asking me to let you go ? Quite likely forever ? Kes , I just can 't do that . It 's my decision--my fate . Would you really try to stop me ? No . But argue with you , even plead with you to reconsider ? Absolutely , for as long as it takes . It won 't work . Look at me , Captain . I 'm the same Kes you 've always known . I haven 't lost my judgment . I 'm not under some alien influence . I believe something crucial is happening to me and I want to see it through . You 've lived most of your life here . Voyager has been your home ... and you 've been a vital part of this family . Oh , I 'm going to miss you . Now , all I have to do is tell the Doctor . He 's not going to be happy . It 's starting . Janeway to Bridge . Chakotay here . Prepare a shuttle for launch and have Tuvok meet me on Deck 6 . Captain ? Kes is leaving us . Come on . Captain , I can 't stop it . Janeway to Chakotay . Beam us directly to the Shuttle Bay . The molecules in Kes 's body are destabilizing . It 's interfering with the transporter . Captain , we can 't get a lock . Acknowledged . Looks like we 're going to have to do this the hard way . What 's happening ? The hull is destabilizing . The molecular bonds are breaking down . Tuvok ... I can 't keep going . I will attempt a mind-meld to help you delay the transformation . Our minds are one . Our thoughts are one . Try to regain control ... for a moment . Only for a moment . Only for ... a moment . You must hurry . Hull breach on Decks 3 , 4 and 5 . Emergency containment fields . Janeway to the Bridge . Kes is aboard the shuttle . Initiate launch sequence . Acknowledged . Shuttle distance : 100 , 000 kilometers . Speed : one-quarter impulse . Can you hail her ? I 've been trying . It 's happening . It 's happening to me . Her atomic structure is completely destabilizing . My gift to you . Torres to Bridge . The warp core just came on-line . Matter / antimatter reaction at 102 percent ... 1 10 percent ? 120 ! This can 't be right . Our speed is ... It 's impossible ! We 're coming apart ! We 've just dropped out of ... whatever it was we were in . Systems coming back on line . On screen . Where are we ? 9 . 5 thousand light-years from where we just were . She 's thrown us safely beyond Borg space . Ten years closer to home . I 've extracted 82 percent of the Borg hardware . The remaining bio-implants are stable and better than anything I could synthesize at such short notice . It is acceptable . Fashion , of course , is hardly my forte . Nevertheless , I 've managed to balance functionality and aesthetics in a pleasing enough manner . I also took the liberty of stimulating your hair follicles- - a vicarious experience for me , as you might imagine . You 'll have to spend a few hours each day regenerating in a Borg alcove until your human metabolism can function on its own . We 'll leave one operational . Understood . Let 's see how things go over the next few weeks . I 'll consider granting you access to the rest of the ship once I can trust that you won 't try to get us all assimilated again . It will not happen again . Good . If you need anything , contact me . Red . What ? The child you spoke of ... the girl . Her favorite color was red .
