 We are the Borg . Existence as you know it is over . We will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own . Resistance is ... The cardinal ... is a thief . I delivered two portraits of his mindless nephew more than three months ago to be depicted in the heroic mode of an Hercules or an Achilles- - so specified our contract . I complied ... making that young fool of a nephew look far more heroic than nature ever intended- - an act on my part far greater than anything accomplished by Hercules or Achilles . And what have I , the divine Leonardo da Vinci , received in payment ? The cardinal 's eternal gratitude ? Esatto ! In other words , signorina ... less than nothing . All the more reason why you should accept my proposal . Money is beside the point , signo ... Catarina , is it ? Yes . I 'm only asking for a corner , one bench- - a place to work on my own projects- - paintings , sculptures . Just being here in your company is inspiring to me . Flattery , Catarina , is also beside the point . Besides , I prefer my solitude . Scusami Meraviglioso What will you call it ? " The arm of Hephaestus . " The god of the forge . Every blacksmith who has ever swung a hammer will thank me for this creation . Someone once said ... " All invention is but an extension of the body of man . " Do not think that just because I have enjoyed your visit today that I am prepared to turn my workshop into a traveler 's inn . Che cazzo ! Here- - let me help you . You will get your hands covered in goose grease . It 's good for the skin . Let us see if we can find his big brother . Hopefully , he will be stronger . This looks like a flying machine . I thought that because my imagination took flight so easily my body could do the same . I was wrong . It 's this ... flapping approach . You 've designed your machine to mimic the way a bat or a sparrow flies . Yes , yes . So ? So what if you based it ... on the hawk instead ? The hawk . A creature that glides through the air . Esatto We will design a new machine ... and , you , Catarina , will help me fly it . I 'll need someplace to work . A corner ? One workbench ? That will be fine . Ten scudi a week and you provide your own materials . Seven ... and I might need to borrow a few things on occasion . Then we have an agreement . Chakotay to Janeway . Go ahead . Captain , we need you in Engineering . There 's something here you should see . On my way . Computer , end program . What have you got ? Some bad news . The long-range probe we sent out two months ago has stopped transmitting . At first , I thought it was a problem with the communications grid . Then I cleared up the last few seconds of telemetry . Take a look at this . This could be it , Captain . Borg space . We don 't know exactly how many vessels are out there , but their space appears to be vast . It includes thousands of solar systems- - all Borg . We are , no doubt , entering the heart of their territory . There 's no going around it . But there may be a way through it . Before the probe was disabled , it picked up a narrow corridor of space devoid of Borg activity . We 've nicknamed it " The Northwest Passage . " Unfortunately , the passage is filled with intense gravimetric distortions probably caused by a string of quantum singularities . Better to ride the rapids than face the hive . Exactly . We 're going to set a course for that corridor and go into full tactical alert . Where do we stand with weapons ? I have reprogrammed the phaser banks to a rotating modulation , but I suspect the Borg will adapt quickly . We can use every edge . Ensign ? I 've already configured the long-range sensors to scan for transwarp signatures- - an early-warning system . Good work . Doctor , how are you coming on the medical front ? I 've analyzed every square millimeter of the Borg corpse we recovered three months ago . I 'm closer to understanding how their assimilation technology works and I might be able to create some sort of medical defense . Redouble your efforts . This is your top priority . Neelix , I doubt we can resupply the ship any time soon . No problem , sir . I 'm working on a plan to extend our food and replicator rations . We have to act fast . The Borg have captured one of our probes . They know we 're out here . We 'll do everything in our power to avoid a direct confrontation , but , if and when we do engage the Borg , I 'm confident that we 'll be ready . I have faith in each and every one of you . Let 's do it . Coming through . Open ! I want to cut down the time it takes to seal off the decks . In case we take on some uninvited guests . Exactly . And I want to increase the magnitude of the force fields . These injection tubules are the first step in the Borg assimilation process . Once inside the skin , they release a series of nanoprobes into the bloodstream . Maybe we can develop some type of protective shielding against them . Unlikely . The tubules are capable of penetrating any known alloy or energy field- - which means our battle must be waged inside the body itself . The first tissue to be attacked by the nanoprobes is the victim 's blood . Assimilation is almost instantaneous . They take over the blood cell functions like a virus . Which suggests to me that we should try to enhance the immune system- - create an " assimilation antibody " as it were . I doubt we can actually destroy the nanoprobes , but we might be able to slow them down . Let 's try a submicron dissection on the probes we 've collected so far , see if we can discover the assimilation mechanism . Kes , is something wrong ? Kes . I saw Borg . You 've had a telepathic experience ? There were bodies ... dozens of them dead . How 's Kes ? Unsettled and uncertain . Over the past two hours , she has experienced several telepathic visions about the death of Borg and the destruction of Voyager Some sort of premonitions ? Possibly . We can 't just ignore her intuition , but I see no reason to alter our plan . Tuvok , I want you to keep an eye on her ... Captain ... long-range sensors are picking up transwarp signatures . 5.8 light-years distant ... closing from behind . Red Alert . Evasive maneuvers . What 's happening ? We 've dropped out of warp . Bridge to Engineering . What 's going on down there ? I 'm not sure , Captain . Some kind of subspace turbulence is preventing us from creating a stable warp field . Turbulence is increasing . I 'm reading two Borg vessels . Make that three . Four . No , five . 15 Borg vessels . Distance : 2.1 light-years and closing . Shields to maximum . Stand by all weapons . They 're in visual range . On screen . My god . Captain ... I 'm picking up a polaron beam . We 're being scanned . Think good thoughts . The last cube has rejoined the others . Did we sustain any damage ? No . Shields held . Warp engines are coming back on line . All primary systems are stable . Stand down Red Alert . Harry ... maintain a long-range sensor lock on that Borg armada . They seemed to be in quite a hurry , didn 't they ? I 'd like to know what they 're up to . Yes , ma 'am . I 'll take this near-miss as a good omen . Resume our course , Mr. Paris . If we needed any more evidence that we 've entered Borg space , I think we just got it . I 'll be in my ready room . Yes . Come in . We 've just completed the latest sensor sweep . So far , so good . The Northwest Passage is still clear of Borg activity . I 'd like to see a tactical update . According to my calculations , neither of us has eaten since last night . Join me for dinner ? No , thanks . I 'm not hungry . I 've got a lot of work to do . I see . I 've been looking through the personal log entries of all the Starfleet Captains who encountered the Borg . I 've gone over every engagement from the moment Q flung the Enterprise into the path of that first cube to the massacre at Wolf 359- - every battle , every skirmish , anything that might give me an insight into the mind of the collective . And ? In the words of Jean-Luc Picard ... " In their collective state , " the Borg are utterly without mercy ... " driven by one will alone- - " the will to conquer . They are beyond redemption , beyond reason . " And then there 's Captain Amasov of the Endeavor " It is my opinion that the Borg are as close to pure evil as any race we 've ever encountered ... " What 's so funny ? Uh , nothing . You 're smiling . Obviously , I 've said something amusing . You sounded just like Amasov . What ? Just now , while you were reading his log , you were using his inflections . - I did not . - Yes , you were . And before that , you were doing a pretty good Picard . Was I ? It 's nothing to be ashamed about- - echoing the greats . Ensign Hickman in Astrophysics does a passable Janeway . If we manage to survive the next few days , I 'm going to have a little chat with Ensign Hickman . Imitating the Captain , huh ? Surely that violates some kind of Starfleet protocol . This day was inevitable . We all knew it and we 've all tried to prepare ourselves for the challenge ahead . But at what point is the risk too great ? At what point do we come about and retreat to friendly territory ? Could the crew accept living out the rest of their lives in the Delta Quadrant ? I keep looking to all these Captains- - my comrades in arms . But the truth is ... I 'm alone . If that moment comes ... we 'll face it together and we 'll make the right decision . You 're not alone , Kathryn . Three years ago , I didn 't even know your name . Today , I can 't imagine a day without you . Captain Janeway to the Bridge . Gentlemen ? Something strange is going on . The power signatures of those Borg vessels have terminated . All of them ? They 're dead in the water- - about 5.2 light-years from here . Cause . Unknown . Mr. Paris ... Captain . Set a course for their position- - warp 2 . We 're approaching the ships . Slow to impulse . On screen . Life signs . A few but they 're erratic . Captain , I 'm detecting two residual weapon signatures in the debris . One is Borg . The other is of unknown origin . Who could do this to the Borg ? Someone more powerful than the Borg ? It 's hard to imagine . But they did it- - 15 cubes . We might have just found our ticket through Borg space- - an ally . Let 's not jump to conclusions . Scan the vicinity for other vessels . There are none . Hold on . I 'm picking up some sort of bio-readings . They 're coming from the outer hull of one of the Borg ships . Let 's see it . Magnify , Mr. Kim . It 's definitely organic , but our sensors can 't penetrate its surface . Send a standard greeting . No response . This could be a space-dwelling organism or a biological weapon . I 'd like to know what kind of weapon could destroy the Borg . Can we beam it away from the ship ? I can 't get a lock on it . Tractor beam ? No effect . Whatever that thing is , it 's impervious to our technology . Tuvok ... are you reading an atmosphere in the cube ? Affirmative . Commander Chakotay . I want you to take an away team inside . Try to get a short-range scan of the bio-mass . There are still Borg life signs , but they 're unstable . We 'll keep an open com-link and an active transporter lock , and we will pull you out of there at the first sign of trouble . Tuvok , Harry ... you 're with me . This way . Lower your phasers . If we don 't appear threatening , they should ignore us . Looks like they 're a little preoccupied . The alien bio-readings are getting stronger . We 're close . Commander ? Curious . That 's not the word I had in mind . Those bodies are reminiscent of one of the premonitions Kes described . Didn 't Kes say we were all going to die ? Let 's keep moving . It looks like the bio-mass dissolved right through the Borg hull . This Borg is attempting to assimilate it . Doesn 't look like he 's having much luck . There 's a chamber beyond this opening- - 40 meters wide , high concentrations of antimatter particles . It looks like a warp propulsion system of some kind . It 's a ship ? Starfleet has encountered species that use organic-based vessels- - the Breen for example . There doesn 't seem to be anybody inside . Chakotay to Voyager Go ahead , Commander . Captain , we 've found an entrance to the bio-mass . We think it might be a ship of some kind . Permission to go inside . Granted . Harry , that 's a Borg distribution node . See if you can download their tactical database . It might contain a record of what happened here . Aye , sir . Tuvok . They seem to be organic conduits . They 're carrying electrodynamic fluid . It may be an energy source . Maybe . This looks like a binary matrix , but it 's laced with neuropeptides . Could be their version of a computer core . This damage was caused by a Borg disruptor beam . The wall appears to be regenerating itself . Commander . Kes ? Harry 's in danger . What do you see ? Get them out of there ! Sick Bay to Janeway . Commander ! There 's something in here with us and it 's not the Borg . I can 't localize it , but it 's within 20 meters . Perhaps the pilot has returned . Voyager to away team . Go ahead . Stand by for transport . We 're getting you out of there . Good idea . Energize . I can 't get a lock on them . What 's the problem ? It looks like bio-electric interference from whatever 's coming toward them . It 's within seven meters . Let 's get out of here . Narrow the confinement beam . No effect . I 'm going to try a skeletal lock . A what ? I think I can get a clean lock on the minerals in their bone tissue . I just came up with it , but I think it might work . The life-form 's five meters away and closing . From where ? I 've got them . A skeletal lock , huh ? We 'll have to add that one to the transporter manual . Captain . The bioship is powering up- - like it 's charging some kind of weapon . Mr. Paris , get us out of here- - maximum warp . The alien ship is not pursuing . Kes ? I could hear its thoughts . The pilot of the bioship was trying to communicate with me . They 're a telepathic species . I 've been aware of them for some time now- - the premonitions . Captain , it 's not the Borg that we should be worried about . It 's them . What did it say to you ? It said ... " The weak ... will perish . " Captain 's Log , Stardate 50984.3 . It 's been 12 hours since our confrontation with the alien life-form . There 's no sign that we 're being pursued and we 've had no further encounters with the Borg . I 've decided to hold our course . The Northwest Passage is only one day away and I won 't allow fear to undermine this crew 's sense of purpose ... even if that fear is justified . The infection is spreading . What began with a few stray cells contaminating the chest wound is now infusing every system in his body . It looks like he 's being transformed in some way . Not exactly . The alien cells are consuming his body from the inside out . In essence ... Mr. Kim is being eaten alive . He 's still conscious , Doctor ? I tried giving him a sedative , but it was rejected immediately . In fact , every treatment I 've tried has been neutralized within seconds . These are alien cells . Each one contains more than a hundred times the DNA of a human cell . It 's the most densely coded life-form I 've ever seen . Even I would need years to decipher it . They have an extraordinary immune response . Anything that penetrates the cell membrane ... chemical ... biological ... technological ... it 's all instantly destroyed . That 's why the Borg can 't assimilate them . Resistance in this case is far from futile . Nevertheless , I believe Borg technology holds the key to saving Mr. Kim . How so ? I hope to unleash an army of modified Borg nanoprobes into his bloodstream designed to target and eradicate the infection . As you know , I 've been analyzing the nanoprobes . They 're efficient little assimilators . One can 't help but admire the workmanship . But they 're no match for the alien cells . So I successfully dissected a nanoprobe and managed to access its recoding mechanism . I reprogrammed the probe to emit the same electrochemical signatures as the alien cells . That way , the probe can do its work without being detected . Observe . The alien cells are completely oblivious to the probe until it 's too late . Unfortunately , I 've only created a few prototypes . I 'll need several days to modify enough nanoprobes to cure Ensign Kim . Does Harry have several days ? I wish I knew . Fight it , Harry . That 's an order . We 've analyzed the Borg 's tactical database . They refer to these new aliens as " Species 8472 . " Over the past five months , the Borg have been attacked by them on at least a dozen occasions . Each time , the Borg were defeated swiftly . The collective has very little information about the species . Is anything known about where they come from ? I 'm afraid so . Get the Captain . The Northwest Passage . It 's clear of Borg activity for a very good reason . I 'm detecting 133 bioships . More are approaching . From where ? They seem to be coming from a quantum singularity . I 'm localizing the gravimetric distortions . On screen . Kes ? Anything ? Yes , I can hear them . They 're in a place where they 're all alone . Nothing else lives there . Some kind of parallel universe ? I don 't know . I feel malevolence ... a cold hatred . The weak will perish . It 's an invasion . They intend on destroying everything . Tom , reverse course , maximum warp . Take us five light-years out and hold position . Aye , Captain . Maintain Red Alert . Commander ? That moment we spoke about ? It 's here . Any thoughts ? Just one . Flying into that corridor would mean certain death . Agreed . The Northwest Passage is no longer an option . So now the choice is between facing the Borg in their space or finding a nice planet here in the Delta Quadrant and giving up on ever getting home . We 'd be turning around , but we wouldn 't be giving up . We may find another way home . I 'm not ready to walk onto that Bridge and tell the crew we 're quitting . I can 't do it , Chakotay , not yet . There must be another alternative . Kathryn , you haven 't slept in two days . Try getting some rest and clearing your head . We 're safe for the moment . We can tell the crew tomorrow if we have to . See you in the morning . Maestro ? Leonardo . Catarina ... buona sera Am I disturbing you ? What do you see ? A wall with candlelight reflecting on it . Why ? What do you see ? A flock of starlings ... the leaves on an oak ... a horse 's tail ... a thief with a noose around his neck ... Ah ... and a wall ... with the candlelight reflecting on it . There are times , Catarina , when I find myself transfixed by a shadow on the wall or the splashing of water against a stone . I stare at it , the hours pass ... the world around me drops away ... replaced by worlds being created and destroyed by my imagination- - a way to focus the mind . Sit and tell me why you have come . There 's a path before me- - the only way home . And on either side , mortal enemies bent on destroying each other . If I attempt to pass through them , I 'll be destroyed as well . But if I turn around , that would end all hope of ever getting home . And no matter how much I try to focus my mind , I can 't see an alternative . When one 's imagination cannot provide an answer , one must seek out a greater imagination . There are times when even I find myself kneeling in prayer . I must deliver a bronzetto to the monks at Santa Croce . Come with me , Catarina , eh ? We will awake the abbot , visit the chapel and appeal to God . Somehow I don 't think that 's going to work for me . But there is an alternative I hadn 't considered . What if I made an appeal ... to the devil ? An alliance with the Borg ? More like ... an exchange . We offer them a way to defeat their new enemy and , in return , we get safe passage through their space . In developing a treatment for Harry , the Doctor has found a way to attack the aliens at a microscopic level . It 's still in the experimental stages , Captain . I 've only made a few prototypes . Nevertheless , if we teach the Borg how to modify their own nanoprobes , they 'd have a blueprint to create a weapon to fight the aliens . In theory , yes . B 'Elanna , it 's clear from the Borg database that they know practically nothing about Species 8472 . That 's right . The Borg gain knowledge through assimilation . What they can 't assimilate , they can 't understand . But we don 't assimilate . We investigate- - and in this case , that 's given us an edge . We 've discovered something they need . But the Borg aren 't exactly known for their diplomacy . How can we expect them to cooperate with us ? Normally , the answer would be no , but if what I 've learned from the aliens is true , the Borg are losing this conflict . In one regard , the Borg are no different than we are- - they 're trying to survive . I don 't believe they 're going to refuse an offer that will help them do that . What makes you think the Borg won 't attempt to take the information by assimilating Voyager and its crew ? Because that won 't get them anywhere . Doctor , you 're the only one on board with full knowledge of the nanoprobe modifications . I want you to transfer all of that research into your holo-matrix . Certainly . You 're my guarantee . If the Borg threaten us in any way , we 'll simply erase your program . But it won 't come to that , Doctor . It 's in the collective 's own interest to cooperate . Voyager is only one ship . Our safe passage is a small price to pay for what we 're offering in exchange . B 'Elanna , assist the Doctor with his transfer . Aye , Captain . Mr. Paris- - locate the nearest Borg vessel and lay in a course . They shouldn 't be difficult to find . Yes , ma 'am . Dismissed . You were awfully quiet . I didn 't want the others to hear this , but I think what you 're proposing is too great a risk . How so ? There 's a story I heard as a child , a parable , and I never forgot it . A scorpion was walking along the bank of a river wondering how to get to the other side . Suddenly , he saw a fox . He asked the fox to take him on his back across the river . The fox said , " No , if I do that , you 'll sting me and I 'll drown . " The scorpion assured him , " If I did that , we 'd both drown . " So the fox thought about it and finally agreed . So the scorpion climbed up on his back and the fox began to swim . But halfway across the river , the scorpion stung him . As the poison filled his veins , the fox turned to the scorpion and said , " Why did you do that ? Now , you 'll drown , too . " " I couldn 't help it , " said the scorpion . " It 's my nature . " I understand the risk and I 'm not proposing that we try to change the nature of the beast , but this is a unique situation . To our knowledge , the Borg have never been so threatened . They 're vulnerable . I think we can take advantage of that . Even if we do somehow negotiate an exchange , how long will they keep up their end of the bargain ? It could take months to get across Borg territory . We 'd be facing thousands of systems , millions of vessels . But only one collective and we 've got them over a barrel . We don 't need to give them a single bit of information- - not until we 're safe . We just need the courage to see this through to the end . There are other kinds of courage- - like the courage to accept that there are some situations beyond your control . Not every problem has an immediate solution . You 're suggesting we turn around . Yes . We should get out of harm 's way . Let them fight it out . In the meantime , there 's still plenty of Delta Quadrant left to explore . We may find another way home . Or we might find something else . Six months , a year down the road , after Species 8472 gets through with the Borg , we could find ourselves right back in the line of fire . And we 'll have missed the window of opportunity that exists right here , right now . How much is our safety worth ? What do you mean ? We 'd be giving an advantage to a race guilty of murdering billions . We 'd be helping the Borg assimilate yet another species just to get ourselves back home- - it 's wrong ! Tell that to Harry Kim . He 's barely alive thanks to that species . Maybe helping to assimilate them isn 't such a bad idea . We could be doing the Delta Quadrant a favor . I don 't think you really believe that . I think you 're struggling to justify your plan because your desire to get this crew home is blinding you to other options . I know you , Kathryn . Sometimes ... you don 't know when to step back . Do you trust me , Chakotay ? That isn 't the issue . Oh , but it is . Only yesterday , you were saying that we 'd face this together , that you 'd be at my side . I still have to tell you what I believe . I 'm no good to you if I don 't do that . I appreciate your insights , but the time for debate is over . I 've made my decision . Now , do I have your support ? You 're the Captain . I 'm the First Officer . I 'll follow your orders , but that doesn 't change my belief that we 're making a fatal mistake . Then I guess I am alone after all . Dismissed . There are three planets in this system . Inhabitants- - all Borg . A vessel is approaching . All stop . Shields up . They are hailing us . Open a channel . We are the Borg . You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . They 've locked on to us with a tractor beam . Borg vessel . This is Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager I have tactical information about Species 8472 . I want to negotiate . Negotiation is irrelevant . You will be assimilated . Borg vessel , what you 're receiving is a sample of the knowledge we possess . If you don 't disengage your tractor beam immediately , I will have that data destroyed . You have ten seconds to comply . We know you 're in danger of being defeated . You can 't afford to risk losing this information . Disengage your trac ... State your demands . I want safe passage through your space . Once my ship is beyond Borg territory , I 'll give you our research . Unacceptable . Our space is vast . Your passage would require too much time . We need the technology now . If I give it to you now , you 'll assimilate us . Species 8472 must be stopped . Our survival is your survival . Give us the technology . No . Safe passage first or no deal . State your proposal . Let 's work together . Combine our resources . Even if we do give you the technology now , you 're still going to need time to develop it . By working together , we can create a weapon more quickly . If you escort us through your space , we can perfect the weapon as we ... Where did that ship come from ? A quantum singularity has appeared 20,000 kilometers away . The bioship is heading directly toward the planet . The Borg shields are weakening . We might be able to break free of the tractor beam . Can you get a lock on the Captain ? Not yet . Commander , there are nine more bioships coming out of the singularity . What 's going on ?
