 Captain 's Log , Stardate 50537.2 . Routine scans of an uninhabited star system have revealed the presence of gallicite , a very rare substance , on the fourth planet . If these readings are right , we 're looking at a yield of nearly a kiloton . That would be enough gallicite to completely refit the warp coils . They sure could use it with all the damage they 've taken the past two years . Is there anyone in the area who might consider this their property ? There are indications that a colony once existed on the planet 's surface . However , it appears to be long abandoned . All right , let 's stake a claim . I 'll leave this in your hands , B 'Elanna . Use whatever resources and personnel you need . You might want to talk to Mr. Neelix . I believe he spent some time working in a mining colony . Aye , Captain . These tunnels are clearly artificial . Someone else must 've been interested in digging up this gallicite . That should make it easier to access the deposits . True , but we have to be careful . There 's been a lot of seismic activity down there . Look , these tunnels are completely collapsed . We should bring Tom Paris on the away team . He 's had quite a lot of rock-climbing experience . I have spent several summers exploring the Osana caverns , which involved some quite treacherous climbing . Great . You two can be our safety experts . Have we completed our preparations to your satisfaction ? We 're done here , yes . Let me take this opportunity to declare Koon-ut so 'lik- - my desire to become your mate . What ? In human terms , I am ... proposing marriage . Do you accept ? Uh , this is a-a little sudden ... isn 't it ? Besides , I thought that Vulcan marriages were arranged . Don 't you already have somebody back home ? She has sufficient reason to consider me lost , and has most likely chosen another mate . It 's appropriate for me to do the same . And you 've chosen me . I 've come to greatly admire not only your impressive technical skills , but also your bravery and sense of moral duty- - all excellent qualities in a prospective mate . But you 're a Vulcan . I am ... half Klingon . I really can 't imagine ... Perhaps we are not an obvious match . However , our differences would complement each other . You 've often expressed frustration with your Klingon temper . My mental discipline would help you control it . Furthermore , I feel that ... Wait , please . Please . Um ... I see that you 've given this a lot of , um , logical thought , and , uh , I really am very flattered ... but my answer is no . I 'm sorry . B 'Elanna ... you may wish to reconsider . Your choices for a mate are currently limited to 73 male crew members on this ship- - some of whom are already unavailable . I 'll worry about my choices myself , thank you . I should also remind you that many humanoid species are unable to withstand Klingon mating practices . Okay , that 's enough . Whereas , my superior Vulcan strength would make me a very suitable partner . Here are the results of his cortical scan . So , what 's wrong with him ? In addition to a dislocated jaw , Ensign Vorik seems to be suffering from a neurochemical imbalance . Meaning ... what ? I believe I should discuss that with the patient privately . You 're going through the Pon farr , aren 't you ? That 's an extremely ... personal question , Doctor . Yes , I 'm aware that Vulcans prefer to keep their mating practices very much to themselves . There 's almost nothing in the medical database beyond a few observations made by Starfleet doctors over the years . Your symptoms- - the chemical imbalance and loss of emotional control- - are consistent with those observations . Have you been eating and sleeping normally ? I knew there was something wrong . I was hoping it wasn 't ... this . I assume this is your first Pon farr ? There 's nothing to be embarrassed about . It 's a normal biological function . I 'll do what I can to help you through it , but I 'll need a little more information . We do not discuss it . I 'm afraid you 'll have to . You have a severe imbalance in your brain chemistry . If it gets much worse , it could become life-threatening . Now I need to know how Vulcans deal with this condition . We ... go home . Every seven years of our adult life , Vulcans experience an instinctual ... irresistible urge to return to the homeworld and ... take a mate . But in your case , being stranded halfway across the galaxy , that 's impossible . Yes . So , then , logically , you try to find a mate here . I assume that explains your behavior toward Lieutenant Torres . I have always had great respect for B 'Elanna . I hope she isn 't too ... upset with me . With Lieutenant Torres , " upset " is a relative term . In any case , we 're going to have to try to find another way to treat your condition . Let 's start with a micro-cellular scan . No ! I don 't want medical treatment . I will resolve this myself . How do you intend to do that ? There are certain meditative techniques . I will be fine if simply left alone . Please ... allow me to return to my quarters . Confine me there if you wish , but allow me to resolve my situation privately . Until I have a better idea of how to treat your condition ... I 'll release you to your quarters . You 'll be under confinement and wearing a cortical monitor at all times . Thank you . I 'm concerned about Ensign Vorik 's cortical readings . One returns to normal levels . Then another one spikes . It 's chaotic , as if the brain 's regulatory system had simply shut down . I can 't tell if he 's making any progress with these meditations . I thought maybe you could suggest other possible treatments . I cannot . Is that because you don 't know or because you don 't want to discuss it ? For both of those reasons , there is little help that I can offer . It is inappropriate for me to involve myself in Ensign Vorik 's personal situation . For such an intellectually enlightened race , Vulcans have a remarkably Victorian attitude about sex . That is a very human judgment , Doctor . Then here 's a Vulcan one . I fail to see the logic in perpetuating ignorance about a basic biological function . There is nothing logical about the Pon farr It is a time when instinct and emotion dominate over reason . It cannot be analyzed by the rational mind nor cured by conventional medicine . Anyone who has experienced it understands that it must simply be followed to its natural resolution . Which is what , exactly ? There are three options that I am aware of : taking a mate , which Ensign Vorik has already attempted ; the ritual combat , which does not apply to his situation . Combat ? An ancient tradition of fighting for one 's mate- - which , as I have said , is not relevant here . The third alternative is the intensive meditation he has chosen to try . Isn 't there anything we can do to help him with that ? I believe that any interference would be unwelcome and counterproductive . You must allow him to face this challenge privately . If he possesses enough discipline to reach a point of psychological resolution , then his chemical imbalance should correct itself . The Vulcan brain never ceases to amaze me . Thank you , Lieutenant . You 've been a great help . Ah , you two are awfully prompt . Impressed ? Oh , it 'll take a little more work than that to impress me , Lieutenant . Yes , ma 'am . All right . Let me show you our target area . Shouldn 't we wait for Ensign Vorik ? He 's not coming . This seems to be the most accessible vein of gallicite . We 'll beam to the surface then go down through this passageway until it dead-ends in this chamber . Then we 'll descend almost 50 meters , almost straight down . Do you see any problem with that , Tom ? Um ... well , as long as we go slow and easy , we 'll be fine . Good . You 're all set , Neelix ? I 've got a laser drill , sample cases , geo-spectral analysis kit ... In other words , you 're ready . Let 's go . This way . Look over here . This must have been the colony . Not more than 50 or 60 years ago- - hardly enough time for these structures to decay so badly . They must have suffered some kind of disaster- - maybe an earthquake . Well , we 'll send down an archaeological team later on . Right now , we 've got our own work to do . Are we in a rush ? I just don 't see any point in wasting time- - unless , of course , you want to stall , to put off demonstrating your climbing expertise . Grab your gear and try to keep up . No matter how real a holodeck program may seem , it just doesn 't get your heart pumping like a genuine physical challenge . It 's exhilarating . If you 're looking for exhilaration ... It didn 't look quite so steep on the sensor map , did it ? We 're prepared for this . We can handle it . Let 's go . All this Starfleet technology almost takes the fun out of it . If you mean the fun of wondering whether your anchor will hold while you 're dangling over a cliff , I think I 'll pass . See you below . You go first . I 'll follow you . Watch your footing ! You 're right . My heart is pumping faster . Wait till we climb back up with a pack full of gallicite . Oh , I 'm just getting warmed up . No ! Are you hurt ? You , you almost got us both killed ! I 'm sorry . I don 't know what happened . Careful , careful . You might have broken it . You had no business rigging safety equipment when you had no idea what you were doing ! Calm down . This wasn 't Neelix 's fault . I saw him drive the piton , and it was solid . It must have malfunctioned . You are hurt . I 'm fine . No thanks to you two . I would have been better coming down here alone . Don 't you think you 're overreacting a little bit ? Just drag him to the ship . I 'll get the gallicite myself . We can 't leave you down here alone . He 's right . Let 's contact the ship . You get your hands off of me . B 'Elanna ! What is wrong with you ? Nothing . I 'm in charge of this mission . I 'll finish it . Wait . Go ahead , Tom . I 'll be all right here . The last thing we need is for all three of us to split up . Paris to Voyager We 've got problems down here . I haven 't been able to contact her . She 's either out of communications range or just not responding . Where is she now ? The last location I can verify is about ten meters below us . I tried to stop her from leaving , Captain , but she got very hostile and ... bit me . She bit you ? And she seemed to be enjoying it in a Klingon kind of way . She 's really not herself . Any luck in getting a transporter lock on them ? No . They 're too far beneath the surface . Tom , I 'm sending an away team down to you . We 'll get Neelix out of there , then go after B 'Elanna . Tuvok , you 're with Chakotay . Captain , I 'd like to request a short delay . I may have an explanation for Lieutenant Torres ' behavior . Go away . I said ... go away ! I 'm sorry , sir . No . I must apologize for the intrusion , particularly at this time . Then you know . Yes . I regret that I must ask you some uncomfortable questions regarding Lieutenant Torres . Yes , sir . It is important for me to know specifically what happened between the two of you . Was there any physical contact ? Yes . Please describe your actions . It 's ... hard to remember . I was acting irrationally . I believe ... I approached her . I ... I touched her face . I meant to be gentle , but she tried to move away and then I was holding her more tightly , both hands on her face , like this . It felt very important not to let go . I 'm ... I 'm not certain why . I believe you were initiating a telepathic mating bond . I ... didn 't know it could happen that way . I wanted to bond with her . That much I remember clearly . Apparently , you succeeded . Lieutenant Torres has been displaying unusual behavior , very much like the early stages of Pon farr How is that possible ? She 's not Vulcan . There have been instances of Vulcans mating with members of other races . But she rejected me , forcefully . Even a brief moment of bonding may have been enough to disrupt her self-control , as the Pon farr does in us . In a half-Klingon , the effects may be even more extreme . I have to go to her . You cannot . Lieutenant Torres is out of contact on the planet . Then I 'll find her . B 'Elanna needs me , and I need her . It is a far more sensible strategy to get her safely back to Voyager and then decide on the proper resolution . The resolution must be that we become mates . It is only logical . Lieutenant Torres has never been a great follower of logic . You think she 'll reject me again ? It might be wise to continue your meditative efforts . I 'll do my best , sir . It is difficult to estimate how soon her condition will become life-threatening . Life-threatening ? She could die from this ? Yes . And you 've gone through it every seven years of your adult life ? You only need to be concerned with Lieutenant Torres' situation . Right . Well , it looks like finding her won 't be easy . Scanning range is limited to about 20 meters , and even that 's not too reliable . You said she was going after the gallicite , so we 'll do the same , and hope it leads us to her . I 'm ready to go , Commander . Let 's go . B 'Elanna . Tom . Come here , you 've got to see this . How are you feeling , Lieutenant ? Fine . This is an active power system . It must have been built by the colonists . We 'll send somebody down here to study it more closely . Right now , we 've got to get you back to the ship . No . No . This is my discovery . It 's my mission . You don 't understand . This is the source of the gallicite readings . These conduits are covered with gallicite plating . It 's exactly what we need , and I found it . Yes , Lieutenant . You 've succeeded in your mission . Now you must tend to yourself . You 're experiencing a condition known as Pon farr Pon what ? Your emotional balance has been disrupted . You may not be in control of your more aggressive instincts . I lost my temper for a minute . That 's all . Why are you all staring at me like that ? Please , come back with us to the ship . Just leave me alone . Who are you ? What do you want ? My name is Chakotay . I assure you we have no hostile intent . She does . B 'Elanna , please . She is suffering from a chemical imbalance which is affecting her behavior . An imbalance ? Is it contagious ? No . However , she does need our assistance . We 'd be glad to take her and leave your territory . Not before you tell me why you came here . We only came to find some gallicite . We thought this planet was uninhabited . Then why are you carrying weapons ? It 's standard procedure for any mission into unfamiliar territory . Let me see one . And what is that ? Some sort of scanning device ? Yes . It 's called a tricorder . But it didn 't detect any life-forms here ? No , it didn 't . What 's that ? Seismic alert . That wall is unstable . Be careful . Watch out . B 'Elanna , don 't ! B 'Elanna ! There must be a hidden door , some kind of a passageway . I 'm not picking up anything like that ... or any life signs . Then you 're using it wrong . Yeah , that must be it ... or else these aliens are generating some kind of interference so we can 't detect them . We have to get out of here before they come back . We can 't leave Chakotay and Tuvok . If you have any ideas how to find them , I 'm listening . We have to get back to the ship and get some help ... for them and for you . Why does everybody keep saying there 's something wrong with me ? I 'll try to explain it to you . But we 've got to get moving . There . Your serotonin levels are stabilized for the moment , but I 'm concerned about these fluctuations . It 's becoming more difficult to compensate . I will increase my efforts ... to control them , Doctor . I 'd like you to consider an alternative treatment I 've been developing . No , I will deal with this myself . Ensign , your life is at risk . You don 't understand . How well a Vulcan copes with this experience is a test of his character . I 've already humiliated myself and Lieutenant Tuvok by allowing a private matter to become so ... public . Give yourself a little credit . You 're doing the best you can under unusually difficult circumstances . If you were back on Vulcan , you 'd have your family and friends there to help you . I shouldn 't need any help . I know that self-sufficiency is very important to a Vulcan , but there is nothing shameful in getting a little guidance every once in a while . I 'd like you to consider my alternative , and then you can decide whether or not to try it . Ensign . I don 't understand the purpose of coming here . Trust me . Ensign Vorik , I 'd like you to meet T 'Pera . Surely you 're not suggesting that she become my mate . Well , I wouldn 't recommend a lifetime commitment , but ... she might be able to help you with your immediate problem . She 's a hologram . She isn 't real . Then I assume you have the same low regard for me . You 're a skilled physician , Doctor , but let me point out the limitations to your own experience with physical matters . I believe we 're discussing your sexual difficulties at the moment , Ensign . And this holographic mate is the best solution I can think of . She won 't be the same as a real mate . The difference is all in your mind , which , if I 've understood you and Mr. Tuvok correctly , is where the Pon farr must ultimately be resolved . Let your mind convince your body that she ... is exactly what you need her to be . Think of this as an advanced self-healing technique . It will still require considerable mental discipline on your part . There is a certain logic to your suggestion , Doctor . I will try . Good . Well , then , I 'll leave the two of you alone . Tuvok must be wrong about this Pon farr business . It doesn 't make any sense . It does explain how you 've been acting . I don 't see what 's so strange . How about starting a fight with a group of armed aliens ? Shouting at Neelix ? Giving me this ? If I remember my Klingon customs , biting someone on the face means ... I know what it means . All right . So , maybe I do feel ... something , some kind of ... instinct . What am I supposed to do about it ? When we get back to the ship , the Doctor should be able to help- - or there 's always Vorik . I am not helping that Vulcan pahtk The idea of bonding with him ... The idea of bonding with him ... it 's ludicrous . What 's this ? The tremor must have shaken the rocks loose . Well , they 're in the way . No , hold it . We don 't know how stable this tunnel is . An energy blast might bring the rest of it down on our heads . Let go ! No . I think I should keep this . Never pick a fight with a Klingon , Tom . I 'm not going to fight with you , B 'Elanna . Afraid I 'll break your arm ? You should be . B 'Elanna , stop it ! This isn 't about the gun . This is about sex . But that 's not going to happen right now . I think it is . See , I 've picked up your scent , Tom . I 've tasted your blood . No . No , I 'm your friend and I have to watch out for you when your judgment 's been impaired . If you let these instincts take over now , you 'll hate yourself and me , too , for taking advantage of you . I won 't do that . Maybe ... maybe we should continue separately . No . You don 't know how strong ... how hard it is to fight this ... urge . Are you telling me that I 'm impossible to resist ? I wouldn 't go that far . Good . Come on . I want to know about the vessel which brought you here- - your propulsion systems , weapons , sensors- - everything . You have an artificial implant in your arm . Yes . It was necessary to replace the elbow joint after I was injured in a combat simulation . I also want to know about your medical technology- - scientific advances , artificial intelligence ... I 'd be glad to tell you all about my people and learn about yours . There 's no need to hold us here for interrogation . You should expect no better treatment after invading Sakari territory . As I said , we didn 't know there was anyone down here . Yes ... so you 've said . Your people have clearly made every effort to avoid detection by outsiders . Is it so difficult to believe that those measures were effective in our case ? If they had been fully effective , you wouldn 't have found anything interesting enough to bring you here . That 's something we can help you with . What ? We can show you how we detected the gallicite , so you can disguise it better . We can also help you eliminate the last traces of the ruins on the surface , so no one else will be curious about them . You 've seen the ruins ? Yes . I assume the Sakari once lived there . Long ago ... before I was born . What happened ? My people never even knew who the invaders were or why they attacked . It was all over in less than an hour . Some of the colonists were fortunate enough to escape into the mines . We 've lived here ever since , where it 's safe . If the invaders ever learned of our existence here , they might return . I certainly understand your caution , but let us demonstrate our good faith by helping you protect yourselves . Then we 'll go and never bother you again . Agreed . But you will be supervised at all times . We 're almost to the next passageway . Can you make it ? Not much choice . It 's all right . We 'll find a way out . We should use that weapon . It 's worth the risk now . Well , I might agree with you if I still had it . It 's buried somewhere under all that . What ? ! Sorry . Try to stay calm . I know it 's hard . You don 't know anything ! I feel like I 'm crawling out of my skin ! I need to do something . I can 't take this ! You 've never been hard to get , Tom . Well , I 'm making an exception . I can 't let you do this . Oh ? Oh , but you wish you could . All those invitations to dinner ... and on the holodeck , the way you would stare at me when you thought I wasn 't looking ... and get jealous when I 'm with someone else . You can 't tell me you 're not interested in me . You 're right . I can 't . Then don 't push me away . Oh , believe me , I 'd like to , but I know this isn 't really you . You 've made it clear that you 're not interested and I have to accept that 's how you feel , even now . No ... no , it isn 't . I was ... I was just afraid to admit it . You see , I 've wanted this for so long . Just let it happen . I hope someday you 'll say that to me and mean it . You 'd let me go insane rather than help me ? ! You know that 's not true . You just ... stay away from me ! You called , Ensign ? Is there a ... problem ? Not at all . You seem ... much improved . Yes . Your holodeck therapy was very effective . I must compliment you on an innovative solution . I 'm pleased to hear that . This could be a viable alternative for space-faring Vulcans . When we get back , I 'm sure Starfleet medical will ... never hear about your personal experiences from me . Thank you , Doctor . May I return to duty ? Soon enough , Ensign . I 'll need to run a few more cortical scans . Mr. Vorik 's biochemical readings are stabilizing . They 're not back to normal yet , but I believe he 's gotten through the worst of it . I 'm ready to release him from Sick Bay . Good work , Doctor . Will this treatment help B 'Elanna as well ? I don 't see why not . As soon as the away team gets back , I 'll send her straight to you . I 'll get to work designing the half-Klingon version of the program . There 's a copious amount of information in the cultural database about their mating practices . Did you know that fracturing a clavicle on the wedding night is actually considered a blessing on the marriage ? As a matter of fact , I didn 't . I 'm planning to do a comparative study of all these mating rituals . It really is fascinating from a sociobiological point of view . I 'm sure B 'Elanna will appreciate your efforts , Doctor . Mm . Where are we ? Still stuck in the cave , I 'm afraid . The caves ? The gallicite- - where 's my tricorder ? No , we 're not looking for the gallicite anymore . We 're trying to get back to the ship , remember ? No ... I don 't . Are you two all right ? B 'Elanna needs help . We 've got to get her out of here . Chakotay to Voyager Please respond . Still nothing . What 's the matter ? Why aren 't they answering ? There must be some kind of communications problem . I 'm sure they 'll clear it up soon . It may not be soon enough . I am concerned about the rapid progression of her symptoms . You must help her now , Mr. Paris . If she does not resolve the Pon farr , she will die . B 'Elanna , I know this is a pretty bizarre situation- - probably not what either one of us had in mind- - but it 's too late to worry about that now . Tom ... What ? Be quiet . So , this is the part where you throw heavy objects at me ? Maybe later . I 'm not sure exactly what I 'm supposed to do . Well , what are you doing ? Enjoying myself ? Then show it . You are my mate , not his ! What are you doing here ? I 've come to claim you , to fulfill our bond and if necessary , to face my rival ! Lieutenant Tuvok ! Ensign . Sir , I declare Koon-ut kal-if-fee The ritual challenge . He intends to fight to win his mate . If you want a fight , you 've got one . Hold on , Tom . There 's not going to be any challenge . Are you responsible for the ship being out of contact ? It was necessary to disable the communications , transporters and shuttles . No one will keep me from my mate ! I am not your mate ! We will soon decide that ! If anyone is going to smash your arrogant little face in , I will ! I take your challenge myself ! She has the right to choose her own defender- - even herself . Now , just hold on . Neither of you are thinking straight right now . They are following their instincts and I suggest we allow them to do so . You mean , let them fight ? It is logical . Both must resolve their Pon farr before it kills them . We cannot wait to hear from Voyager They 'll tear each other to pieces ! The risk of injury seems preferable to the certainty of dying from a chemical imbalance . Commander , I see no alternative but to follow Vulcan tradition . All right . Begin . It 's over , isn 't it ? The blood fever has been purged . They will both recover . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50541.6 . We 're following through with Chakotay 's offer to help the Sakari improve their camouflage , and they 've agreed to supply us with a generous quantity of gallicite . Deck 2 . So , looks like you 're feeling better . Hmm . You back on duty ? - Yes . - Hmm . Yes , I 'm fine . Thanks . The refit is going well . We should have new warp coils by the end of the week . Oh , good . Glad to hear it . Computer , halt turbolift . Look , this is ridiculous . We are going to be together on this ship for a long time . You 're right . We have to pretend that the whole mission didn 't happen . But something did happen , B 'Elanna . Look , Tom , I really appreciate what you did- - what you were willing to do for me- - but as far as I 'm concerned , I was under the influence of some weird Vulcan chemical imbalance and whatever I did , whatever I said- - it wasn 't me . Yeah , I know . You 're afraid that your big , scary Klingon side might have been showing . Well , I saw it up close and you know , it wasn 't so terrible . In fact , I wouldn 't mind seeing it again someday . Computer ... resume . Careful what you wish for , Lieutenant . Your call sounded urgent . I think there 's something you should see , Captain . We found this as we were clearing away the ruins . Undoubtedly , one of the invaders who destroyed this colony . The Borg .
