 Good health , strong body , clear mind . And you . Your hospitality your generosity , your patience . Many thanks . My colleague 's behavior ... our apologies . Consul , I assure you , I intended ... Please make her quiet . Captain , please . I understand . Good health , strong body , clear mind . And you . Your journey home short and safe . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50425.1 . Mr. Neelix and I have completed our three-day trade mission with the Tak Tak , one of the more unusual species we 've encountered in the Delta Quadrant . We are en route back to Voyager Oh ... I 've always been taught to be tolerant of other cultures and points of view ... no matter how alien ... but I have to say that the Tak Tak are the most unforgiving people I 've ever met . They are a little impatient . They make the Klingons look sedate . I may never put my hands on my hips again . You had no way of knowing you were making one of the worst insults possible . Obviously , they 've never heard of " forgive and forget . " It 's a good thing you were there , Mr. Neelix . I might have been shot at dawn . I have studied chromolinguistics , American Sign Language , the gestural idioms of the Leyron , but I just couldn 't get the hang of the Tak Tak . It seemed like more than just a language to me , Captain . A lot of their gestures , from what I could tell , were ritualistic ... you might even say superstitious . You have a genuine flair for diplomacy , Mr. Neelix . I may have to promote you ... from morale officer to ambassador . With all the species we 're bound to meet , I could use a man like you at the front door . Ambassador Neelix . I like the sound of that . We 're approaching the rendezvous coordinates . Dropping to one-quarter impulse . Voyager 's not there . And they 're not responding to hails . I 'm running a long-range scan . There they are . They 're holding position in Sector 38 . Coordinates 121 mark 6 . That 's over a light-year away from here . The ship appears to be adrift . They could be in trouble . Engaging maximum warp . Janeway to Voyager Commander Chakotay , respond . The ship looks perfectly fine . There 's no sign of any external damage . Is there any sign of the crew ? There 's some kind of bioelectric interference . I can 't get clear life sign readings . The escape pods are all in place and there 's no indication of any recent transporter activity . Grab a phaser , Ambassador . We 're going to get some answers . Still no sign of the crew , but these sensor readings are highly erratic . The bioelectric field is permeating the ship . Where 's it coming from ? I can 't localize it . Let 's try accessing the ship 's internal sensors . See if we can get a better reading . Same problem . The main computer 's off-line . So is the com system . This is strange . One of the bio-neural gel packs in the Mess Hall ruptured , but most of the systems in there seem to be functioning normally . Let 's get to the Bridge . Someone was doing maintenance work on this power relay . All the equipment is still active , but the work hasn 't been completed . It 's almost as if they dropped what they were doing and ran . Come on . This certainly isn 't the welcome home I was expecting . Me neither , but if there was an attack of some kind , why didn 't Chakotay try to contact us or send out a warning buoy ? I 'm picking up a com signal about ten meters ahead . It 's coming from inside this room . This is Ensign Wildman 's quarters . Is she in there ? I can 't tell . Let 's take a look . Stand ready . Coming up next , our very special guest , Ensign Kaplan . She 's going to be sharing her ... Here 's our com signal ... your Good Morning , Voyager program . Ensign Wildman is one of my most dedicated viewers . According to the time index , she activated this program approximately 1 1 hours ago . Why is it still running ? The program is set for automatic playback until it 's turned off . The baby 's missing , too . According to the protein decay , I 'd say Ensign Wildman replicated this ... 1 1 hours ago . When we get to the Bridge , we 'll check the communications logs . They might tell us whether or not ... There ! I can 't tell if it 's humanoid , but it 's emanating a bioelectric field . Whatever it is , it just ran into a dead end . Over here . Something just punched right through this floor panel into the Jefferies tubes . What is it ? Some sort of mucilaginous compound . High concentrations of amino acids , proteins ... and fragments of non-humanoid DNA . Well , Ambassador , I 'd say we 've got an unexpected guest . Somehow , I don 't think he 's the diplomatic type . Main power is failing and the environmental controls are going off-line . Systems are starting to shut down one by one . We 'd better get to the Bridge . Good . We 've still got auxiliary power . Deck 1 . It 's getting awfully hot in here . When environmental controls fail , heat from the warp plasma conduits can 't be vented . Expect a heat wave before long . No problem . I 'm used to it . I grew up near the Rinax marshlands . Our summers were the hottest in the sector ... 50 degrees Celsius , 90 percent humidity . And the most vicious lavaflies you 've ever seen . Summers in Indiana were pretty similar when I was growing up . Except that we had three suns and the lavaflies grew to be six centimeters long . Six centimeters , eh ? Insect repellent was a booming business . There 's a life-form in the turboshaft . I 'm engaging the manual override . Uh ... Captain ... it sounds like our guest has brought a few friends . One more second . I can 't get the pneumatic conduits to ... That was no lavafly . There 's no life-form in the tube above us . We 're getting out of here . Are you all right ? Yes . Disgusting , but all right . That 's the same mucilaginous compound we saw in the transporter room . Come on . What is it ? Human life signs . Very faint . 30 or more . Where are they coming from ? Several decks above us . I can 't pinpoint the location . Maybe the crew is hiding from the aliens and they set up a defense perimeter . Maybe . One thing 's for sure ... whoever 's up there , they 're still alive . Once we get the main computer on line , we 'll be able to get a fix on their location . So hot . My head is spinning . You 've got a high fever , fluid in your lungs . Lung . That alien compound is acting quickly . Try to hang on . Just three more decks . Aye , aye , Captain ... Captain , go on without me . I 'm not going to leave you here , Neelix . I can 't ... I 'm so dizzy . There should be an emergency medical kit up that tube . I 'll bring back something to get you on your feet . Don 't go away . Help ! Captain ! I 'm coming , Neelix ! Neelix ! This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager to anyone within range . My ship has been seized by unknown life-forms . Require any and all assistance . Harry ... Harry ? Chakotay . Captain . Needless to say , l-I thought you were something else . It won 't be long before the other aliens sense you here and try to invade Sick Bay . We don 't have much time to treat you . Doctor , what 's going on ? What are tho ... ? You 've ruptured your dorsal extensor muscle and bruised two ribs . I 'm going to have to perform minor surgery . Lie on your side and try to remain perfectly still . Oh ... Tell me what 's happened . Voyager has been infected by a macrovirus . A macrovirus ? A form of life I 've never encountered ... or even imagined . What about the crew ? Captain ... I promise , I will tell you exactly what happened if you just lie still . Shortly after you 'd left for the Tak Tak homeworld , we received a distress call from a nearby mining colony ... a race called the Garans . They were experiencing what appeared to be a minor viral outbreak . Fever ... disorientation . I think it 's some kind of virus . Nothing serious , but if we don 't stop it now , we 'll be forced to shut down the operation . We may be able to help you . Doctor ? A synthetic antigen may do the trick . However , it will have to be modified for the specific virus . I 'd like to beam down to the mining colony and examine a few of the infected . An away mission . I 'm the only member of this crew who can successfully enter a contaminated environment without risk . Besides , I 've been looking forward to spreading my wings . Good enough . It 'll take us about three hours to reach you . Thank you , Commander . I don 't think we 'll ... be going anywhere . Prepare to download my program into the autonomous emitter . Yes , Doctor . They 're not responding to our hails . Life signs . There 's a lot of bioelectric interference . I can 't get a clear reading . Perhaps their condition is more serious than they thought . I better get down there . Doctor , don 't forget . You 're not invulnerable . If anything happens to that portable emitter , your program could be lost . Don 't worry , Commander . I 've been studying the Starfleet guidelines for away team members . For this particular scenario ... Medical Emergency on Alien Terrain ... it is recommended that we keep an open com channel at all times . You heard the man . Channel open . Away team to Voyager Transport was successful , and my portable emitter is working perfectly . I am scanning the mine shaft and proceeding on vector 147 . Ambient temperature is 16 degrees Celsius . Cavern illumination is minimal , but shouldn 't pose a problem for my optical sensors . The cave walls are comprised of granite with a mixture of pyroclastic ... Doctor , I appreciate your attention to detail , but we don 't need that much information . Let us know when you 've found the miners . Oh . Very well . Stand by then . Voyager , I 've found one of the miners . He appears to be suffering from the advanced stages of severe viral infection . Can you treat him ? Not without a more specialized immunizing agent . This is curious . The virus has begun to concentrate in a region near his neck , and it 's using his glandular tissue to create some sort of ... orifice . Something is emerging . A life-form . Commander , I think I 've just discovered a completely new form of life . From what I can tell , it appears to be ... a macroscopic version of the virus . You mean the virus has grown . Yes . By a factor of billions . The virus absorbed the miner 's growth hormones into its protein structure and used them to increase its own mass and dimensions . In essence , the virus has found a way to leave the microscopic world and enter the macroscopic world ... our world . It 's a remarkable evolutionary development . The virus appears to be attracted to infrared radiation . It 's mistaking my holo-matrix for body heat . At the moment , this one 's approximately .5 millimeters in diameter , but it 's continuing to grow at a rate of 30 microns every second . Commander , permission to beam the virus aboard for further analysis . No . The virus isn 't in our database . The biofilters might not recognize it . You 'll have to settle for tricorder data . Very well , but I think I should ... Stand by , Voyager Hold on . Stop . You ... you 've got to help us . I intend to , but first I must return to my ship and prepare an antidote . Oh , take me with you . I 'm afraid that 's not possible . We 'd risk infecting the crew . You can 't ... leave me . Please . Commander Chakotay , perhaps if we established a force field around Sick Bay and beamed victims directly ... I 'm sorry , but I 'm afraid we can 't take the chance . But these people need ... Doctor , away team guidelines specifically forbid the transport of unknown infectious ... Of unknown infectious agents onto a starship without establishing containment and eradication protocols . I understand . I 'll do my best to help you . Away team to Voyager One to beam up . Doctor to Bridge . Checking the biofilters . It appears several viral organisms were beamed up as well . The biofilter has isolated them . Purge the filters . Aye , sir . Purging is complete . I 'll be in Sick Bay . What I didn 't realize was that , in the few seconds it took me to purge the filters , some of the virus had already migrated into the transporter buffer . Any luck ? I 'm creating a synthetic antigen that will inhibit the virus 's ability to replicate , but I haven 't quite figured out how to restore the infected cells to their original condition . As for the larger versions of the viruses ... what I 've termed the macrovirus ... I would suggest a flyswatter . How long before the antigen 's ready ? I 'd say another 12 hours . That gives us time to rendezvous with the Captain . We 'll deal with this after she 's aboard . Commander , I 'd like to apologize for my overzealous behavior on the away mission . Compassion is nothing to be sorry about , Doctor . It won 't be the last time you 're faced with a moral dilemma in the field . But if it makes you feel any better , your performance was ... exemplary . Thank you . I told you he 'd understand . Yes . You did . We continued working on the antigen . Unfortunately , the macrovirus was working faster . It had already moved from the transporter buffer into an adjacent system . B 'Elanna , thank God you 're here . The natives are getting restless . What 's the emergency ? Well , I volunteered to help out while Neelix is away on the trade mission . The heating array overloaded . It incinerated a 12-kilo pot roast and all the food replicators went off-line . Mmm . Looks delicious . Maybe there 's a problem with the bio-neural gel pack in the replicator panel . Actually ... I 'm a pretty good cook when Engineering 's doing its job . Oh , so this is my fault . Well , the gel packs are your department , aren 't they ? Besides , what was I supposed to tell all these hungry , irritable people ? You know , I think that there 's a plasma relay on Deck 7 that really needs repairs . Oh , no , you can 't leave me now , Lieutenant . Oh , you need me . I 'm touched . What 's going on here ? It looks like this gel pack has an infection . Half the neurodes have been burned out and the pack is filled with some kind of mucilaginous compound . Tom , call the Doctor and tell him ... B 'Elanna ! Were any other gel packs infected ? No , just the one in the Mess Hall . The ship is healthy . It 's the crew we have to worry about . Your bones have healed , but the surrounding tissue will be sensitive for a few days . It 's getting warmer in here . I 'm afraid it 's not just the ship , Captain . It 's also you . You 've been infected with the macrovirus . You 're experiencing a high fever . Yes , on the Bridge , I was bitten by one of them . Your glandular system is already being affected . If I don 't treat you now , you 'll end up like the rest of the crew . I 've spent the past few hours perfecting the antigen ... but I haven 't tested it on a live subject yet . Looks like I 'll have to be your guinea pig , Doctor . The crew ... why are they all in the Mess Hall and the cargo bays ? I believe the larger macroviruses are driven by some sort of instinct to assemble their host population . Tell me what happened after B 'Elanna was exposed to the infected gel pack . I was faced with an imminent epidemic . Oh , no . Doctor to the Bridge . The macrovirus is on board Voyager and appears to be ... airborne . I suggest a level-4 quarantine of the Mess Hall and all adjoining sections . Acknowledged . Red Alert . Initiate level-4 quarantine protocols on Deck 2 . Aye , sir . All hands , this is Commander Chakotay . We 've detected an airborne virus in the Mess Hall . Deck 2 is under quarantine . No crew member , repeat , no crew member is to leave or enter any section on Deck 2 . Stand by for further instructions . I 've erected the biocontainment fields . The area has been sealed . We managed to avoid a ship-wide outbreak , but every crew member on Deck 2 had been contaminated . I collected a single live specimen of the macrovirus , and returned to Sick Bay in hopes of finding a cure . Ready , Doctor . Optimal magnification . The specimen has synthesized B 'Elanna 's growth hormone into its own structure . Excellent . That should give us the information we need to destroy the virus without killing its host cells . The virus has grown by 150 microns . Its rate of growth shouldn 't hinder our analysis , as long as its genetic structure stays the same . Doctor ... Computer , erect a level-3 force field around the microscope station . Well , so much for lunch . I may never look at food again . I thought Klingons didn 't get nauseated . You have a redundant stomach . Well , right now ... they 're both unhappy . Paris to Sick Bay . Go ahead , Lieutenant . I just saw two macroviruses come out of B 'Elanna 's neck . Stand by , Mr. Paris . We 're close to formulating an antigen . The virus has grown to .3 meters . On the microscopic level , the virus uses that needle-like projection to penetrate a cell membrane . On our level , it probably impales its victim in much the same way infusing him with its own genetic code . The antigen is ready . Kes ... Computer , deactivate force field . Well ... one down , ten billion to go . Eager to inoculate those already infected , I quickly headed for the quarantined area . Though their condition had grown worse , it was the least of our problems . Lieutenant ... if you can hear me , I 'm going to give you an injection . It should eliminate the virus . What ? What is that ? You don 't want to know . Doctor to the Bridge . Intruder alert . Deck 2 , Section 13 . Within minutes , dozens of the larger organisms forced their way beyond Deck 2 and overwhelmed the ship . It wasn 't long before the crew was incapacitated . Although I 've developed an effective vaccine , I can 't administer it . Every time I try to get to the crew , I 'm attacked . Perhaps with your help . How many of the larger macroviruses are there ? I have no way of knowing . Dozens , perhaps hundreds . They 're replicating at an exponential rate . By this time tomorrow , there could be thousands . Speak of the devil . You 're cured . The question is : How do we cure the rest of the crew ? This antigen ... can it be distributed in a gaseous form ? For absorption via the respiratory system ? I 've already considered dispensing it through environmental controls . But they 're off-line and I have limited engineering expertise . Leave that to me . All we have to do is get to Environmental Control on Deck 12 . Easier said than done . We 'll run into the same problem I faced when I tried to get to the Mess Hall . Not if I can help it . Prepare two canisters of antigen . We 'll split up and take different routes to Environmental Control . It 'll double our chances . If you get there first , call me and I 'll talk you through the repairs . The macroviruses are attracted to infrared radiation . Set your tricorder to emit a thermal scattering signal . It will make it more difficult to target you . Ready when you are . We 'll be right with you . Take Jefferies Tube 1 1 . What 's wrong ? I 've been studying the ship 's infrastructure and I 'm familiar with most of it , but how do I get there from here ? Jefferies Tube 1 1 . Take a left at Section 31 . Head straight down past the tractor beam emitter until you hit Deck 10 . Get out at Section 3 and follow the corridor all the way around ... Until I hit the shuttle bay . Then I crawl through Access Port 9 , go past three airlocks and then two decks down . Environmental Control 's at the end of the hall . Now I remember . Who designed this ship , anyway ? Good luck . Doctor to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . I won 't be joining you as soon as I 'd hoped . The macroviruses overwhelmed me on Deck 10 and my portable emitter was nearly destroyed . I 've taken refuge inside the shuttle bay in a shuttlecraft . Stay put , Doctor . I 'm close to environmental control . Janeway to Doctor . I 've got the environmental controls back on line . Set the dispersal nodes to one part per thousand . What 's going on ? I 'm not sure , but I think someone 's firing at Voyager Doctor , use the shuttle 's sensors to find out what 's happening and patch the data to me . Aye , Captain . It 's the Tak Tak . Doctor , open a channel and hail their Captain . Stand by . Consul , this is Captain Janeway . Why are you firing at us ? The Garan mining colony , infected . We purified them . Your distress call received . Voyager infected . We are purifying you . Purifying ? You 're trying to destroy us . No choice . No cure for the virus . Voyager 's existence a threat . Your illness . Our apologies . Wait . We 've developed a cure . But your torpedoes just stopped us from getting it to our crew and putting an end to this . Cure ? Yes . A synthetic antigen . We 've tested it , and it works . I can prove it to you . And I 'd be willing to share the antigen with your people , but first , you 've got to stop attacking my ship . Give me a chance to save my crew . A chance . One hour . Doctor , we 've got a problem . That last torpedo destroyed the secondary power couplings . I can 't get the environmental controls back on line . We appear to be low on options . The only systems we still have access to are the ones with independent power sources ... shuttlecraft , life-support , the holodecks ... Doctor , you said the macroviruses are attracted to infrared signatures . That 's right . Right now , you and I are the only targets left on board . What if we gave them something new to sink their teeth into ? What are you suggesting ? Doctor , it seems to be working . I 've programmed the holo-characters to react to the viruses . We don 't have much time . Grab your hypospray and get to the crew . You 've got a clear path to the Mess Hall and both cargo bays . Acknowledged . What about you , Captain ? I 've put together what you might call an " antigen bomb . " Now all I have to do is drop it . Doctor to Captain Janeway . Captain , please respond . Go ahead . It worked . The macroviruses have been destroyed . And the ship ? There was heavy damage suffered on Holodeck 2 , but there are no hull breaches in evidence . Astonishment . Your vessel , purified . And we 'd be willing to share the cure with you , if you 'd be kind enough to forego destroying our ship . Of course , of course . Purification will cease . My word . Many thanks , Captain of Voyager Good health . Good health . Come in . Good morning , Captain . Here 's an update on repairs . How 's the crew holding up ? They 're fine , although the Doctor tells me a few people are still reporting post-viral queasiness . I 'm not surprised . Inform the crew that I 'm granting extended RR for all personnel and work out the shift rotations . Aye , Captain . Speaking of RR ... a few of us are going skiing on the holodeck ... the Ktarian glaciers . Fresh air , good workout . Care to join us ? No , thank you , but have fun . Not your cup of tea ? Oh , on the contrary , I love to ski . Let 's just say ... I 've had enough of a workout for the time being . Understood .
