 Mr. Tuvok , Mr. Tuvok ! I was supposed to accompany you on security rounds this morning . Did you forget ? I was not aware that we had a definite appointment . I 'm sure it was definite . Well , maybe not completely definite . That is , I 'd expressed my desire to " learn the ropes , " as it were , and I have completed my study of starship security protocols . I think you 'll find that I 'm fully qualified to serve in the capacity of a Starfleet security officer . Junior grade , of course . If you will recall , Mr. Neelix , I did not guarantee you a position . But Captain Janeway is always saying that Voyager is a ship of opportunity . That is true , but opportunities for promotion on a starship must be earned . I 've been working hard at this . I really do feel I have a great deal to contribute to Voyager beyond my current role . Your dedication is duly noted , Mr. Neelix . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I am due on the Bridge . I 'll see you first thing tomorrow morning for security rounds . Ensign Vorik . Get me a duotronic probe . I 'm having trouble regulating the plasma flow . May I suggest a gravitic caliper instead ? You might find it a more precise instrument . Good idea , but bring me both . Good morning , B 'Elanna . You missed my special Klingon breakfast buffet . I 'm sorry , Neelix , but a bowl of cold gagh is not my idea of how to start a morning . Well , you 're not alone . None of the crew seemed especially enthusiastic about it . Um , what 's the problem with ... the plasma injectors ? I 've been getting myself up to speed on Federation warp propulsion . The plasma flow in the manifold seems to be constricted . Ah ! Have you thought of phase-Iocking them to the dilithium matrix ? That was the first thing I did . Oh . I really am interested in learning more about engineering systems , maybe even volunteering for a few duty shifts . In fact , I have a couple of questions about the impulse response filters ... Neelix , Neelix , this really isn 't a good time . I understand , Lieutenant . Sorry . I 'll just , uh , watch for a while if you don 't mind . Here are the tools , sir . I also had a question about the transporter buffers ... Mr. Neelix , please report to the Bridge . On my way , Captain . Neelix , we seem to be approaching some kind of interstellar dust clouds . Can you tell us anything about them ? They look rather ominous to me . I believe this is a region of space known as the Nekrit Expanse . What can you tell us about this Expanse , Mr. Neelix ? It 's a vast territory . No one knows much about it . Those plasma storms might be a problem for navigation . Full sensor scan , Tuvok . Aye , Captain . Can we plot a course around it ? That might be advisable . I don 't believe so . It 's thousands of light-years wide . Then we 'll have to go through it . Looks like we 'll be counting on your knowledge of the Delta Quadrant even more than usual , Neelix . Yes , ma 'am . I 'm at your command , as always . Will there be any planets where we can take on supplies ? There is a station near the border ... a kind of supply depot for mining and trading ships . I suggest we stop there for provisions before we go into the Nekrit Expanse . What are the coordinates ? Uh , let 's see . It 's actually been a while ... I have the station on sensors , Captain . 3.4 light-years away , heading 07 1 mark 17 . You heard him , Tom . On our way . We 're being hailed , Captain . On screen . I 'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager Bahrat , manager of this station . What can I do for you ? Your station is a trading outpost , isn 't it ? I 'd like permission to come aboard to negotiate for supplies . Granted , but understand that any transaction you negotiate on this station is subject to my approval . I receive a 20 percent commission on all trade . Your whereabouts will be closely monitored . Communications with your ship may also be monitored at my discretion . Do you agree to these conditions ? Evidently , I have no choice . Excellent . Meet me in my office in one hour and we 'll discuss your needs . Pleasant fellow . Neelix , Chakotay , Tom ... you 're with me . Mr. Bahrat . What is it ? I 'm Kathryn Janeway . I 've brought a list of the supplies we 'll need . Forgive me , but it 's demanding work watching over this station . We get all kinds of troublemakers here . I understand . All right . Let 's see it . Hmm . Mm-hmm . Hmm ... pergium ? To regenerate the filters in our environmental control system . That might be a little difficult . It 's a rare commodity . Give me a few moments and I 'll put together a list of potential suppliers , but I 'll warn you ... they won 't strike easy bargains . I 'm prepared to deal fairly . Good day , gentlemen . Good day . Anything in particular you 're looking for ? Anything I can help you with ? We were hoping to find some magnetic spindle bearings for our reaction control assembly . Spindle bearings , spindle bearings ... No . Can 't help you with that . No . Long voyage ahead ? Uh , you could say that . I have something that might ease your journey , ease it considerably . Rhuludian crystals . Ingesting just one of these will make days of tedious travel seem like moments of exquisite rapture . No , thank you . The price is surprisingly ... No . Nice place . I see you 're a map dealer . I have coordinate charts for all of the local mining colonies . Actually , I 'm interested in maps of the Nekrit Expanse . You must be a stranger here or you 'd know . There aren 't any maps of that region . Surely , there 's an astrometric chart or a database that would help me plot a safe course . The Nekrit Expanse is too unstable to chart . No matter . He never could plot a straight course anyway . Wixiban ? Wix , is that you ? I can 't believe it . What are you doing here ? I 've never seen another Talaxian this far from home . It 's a long story . I 'm one of the crew of a highly-advanced starship . Ah ... I want to hear all about it . Come on . The tavern here serves the best Toffa ale I 've had in years . I do a little of everything ... cook , guide , advisor to the Captain . Possibly even an unofficial ambassador . Life 's been good to you . Yes , I 'm very ... I 'm very lucky . Mmm ... but what about you ? What are you doing on this station ? A little of this , a little of that . To tell you the truth , things haven 't gone quite so well for me . I 'm sorry . Ever since that nasty business with the Ubeans , things have been difficult . But you know me . Can 't keep Wix down long . I 'm working on a trade deal now that should put me right back in the thick of things again . I hope it works out . Yeah . Uh , Wix ... about the Ubeans . I don 't think I ever told you how much I valued what you did . You 'd have done the same for me . Yes , I would have , but you were the one who got caught . I owe you a great deal . If there 's anything I can do to help ... I 'm fine . Honestly . Maybe not on the crew of a magnificent starship , but I 'll get by . To tell you the truth , um ... it 's not quite what I told you . In fact , I may not be on Voyager much longer . Why ? The main reason Captain Janeway needed me was as a guide to give her information about this Quadrant , but I 've never been beyond the Nekrit Expanse . I can 't tell her anything about what 's ahead . But your other jobs ... cook , ambassador ... ? They don 't really need a cook and I don 't think our Captain really requires an ambassador . I 've tried to find some other area where I might be useful , but ... the truth is ... I 'm not needed . I 'm hoping you can help me . I can 't let Voyager go into that dangerous part of space without some idea of what 's there . I have to find a map . Hmm . Can I be of help , Mr. Neelix ? Dinner isn 't for another hour , Ensign Vorik , and I don 't have time to prepare a snack . I don 't require food at the moment . Lieutenant Torres sent me to adjust the control interface in your food replicators . You said you were experiencing difficulties with them . Oh , of course . Go ahead . Neelix ... I thought you 'd like to say hello to your old friend . Well , uh ... yes , yes , of course . So , this is where you prepare your legendary feasts . Well ... You know , Commander , Neelix has more varied talents than anyone I 've ever known . You 're lucky to have him on board . Mr. Wix was able to find those magnetic spindle bearings we were looking for . I don 't know what we 'd have done if he hadn 't come up with them . Well , yes , Wix has always had a knack for finding those hard-to-Iocate items . I 'll let you two reminisce for a while . Thanks again , Wix . You 're more than welcome . Yes , this is the mess room . On any given day , I must be prepared to feed over a hundred people . About done , Ensign ? Not quite . Well , I really don 't need the replicators today , so , you can finish later . As you wish . Oh , and remind Lieutenant Torres , uh , when she has a moment , I 'd still like to go over a few things with her . I 'll relay the message . Thank you . Wix ... please tell me those spindle bearings weren 't stolen property . Of course not . I wouldn 't do that to you . Neelix , I need the work . I don 't live on a comfortable starship . No one looks out for me except me . Maybe you 've forgotten what that feels like . I haven 't forgotten . I 've been stuck on that trash-heap of a space station for three years . My ship 's been impounded . I can 't afford to give Bahrat what he wants to get it back . Do you begrudge me an opportunity to make a fair trade ? Of course not . I have news for you . I 've located some pergium for your ship . That 's great news . Captain Janeway hasn 't had any luck . And I 've found someone with a map . Wonderful ! How do we get it ? It 'll involve several bartering sessions . I have the opportunity to sell medical supplies to an outpost whose people are dying of a lung disease . It 's a good cause and it will make me enough to pay Bahrat and get my ship back . Where does the map come in ? When I deliver the medical supplies , one of the physicians will give me an astrometric chart . I can 't thank you enough . I 'll have to ask your help though . We 'll need a shuttle . First , we have to get to a nearby freighter to pick up the medical supplies . Then , we return to the space station and meet with one of the physicians from the outpost . With your transporter technology , we could be in and out of the station within minutes . Then , I could finally get away from here and get back to a Talaxian colony . I don 't think that would be a problem . Just one thing . Don 't tell anyone that we 're delivering medical supplies to the station ... not even one person . If Bahrat finds out , he 'll take 20 percent and I can 't afford that . l-I suppose there 's no need to mention it . Thanks , Neelix . I knew I could count on you . Didn 't I tell you this would be easy ? I got the medical supplies and you got the pergium your ship needs so badly . Only 20 kilograms . I told Commander Chakotay it would be 45 . You 're lucky to get what you did . Come on , Neelix . A few minutes more and we 'll be done . And you 'll have a map to help you through the Nekrit Expanse . What is the matter with you ? I don 't like keeping the whole truth from Commander Chakotay . It 's not honest . I don 't remember you ever being so squeamish about twisting the truth . Wix ... I 'm not what I used to be . Neither am I. We 've both tried to change our lives . You 've done it . Now , I have the same chance . We 're almost there . We should have your transporter take us to Corridor 14-L near the outer docking ports . It 's hardly ever used . Our contact will meet us there . We 're within transporter range . I 've entered the coordinates . What are you doing ? ! This station is a dangerous place and these supplies are valuable . We have to be able to defend ourselves . You said this would be easy . It 's just a precaution . Let 's go . Computer , energize . Where 's your contact ? He 'll be here . Don 't worry . I don 't like this ... meeting in dark passageways late at night . Wix . Sutok . This is my associate . You have the supplies ? As promised . What 's he doing ? Satisfied ? Completely . What kind of medical supplies are those ? If you give me my payment , we 'll be on our way . Yes , I have it right here . Stop them ! Get his weapon ! Wix ! Someone 's coming ! Neelix ! Get us out of here . Computer , two to beam up . You lied to me from the beginning ! And I was foolish enough to believe you . It should have been as easy as I said . I didn 't know Sutok would try to steal the tubes . Those aren 't ordinary medical supplies . You failed to mention that . They do have a medicinal application , but no one would pay what I was supposed to get if they were just simple medications . They 're narcotics , aren 't they ? Oh , you 're up to your same old tricks . We have to talk to Captain Janeway as soon as we get back . Do you really want to do that ? How is it going to look to your shipmates when they find out you were once a contraband smuggler and that you were involved in this ugly business tonight ? You think your position on Voyager is precarious now ? Wait till they discover the whole truth about you . I can 't just forget about this . So you 'd let Bahrat put me in cryostatic suspension ? I guess you would . You did let me spend a year in that Ubean prison . Wix ... I never told you what it was like in there , did I ? About eating worms to stay alive ... sleeping in a cell where the vermin chew on you all night ... being punished in ways you couldn 't imagine . All right ! I won 't say anything . But I don 't want to have anything more to do with you . The debt is paid . Captain 's Log , supplemental . I have called a meeting of the senior staff to inform them of some very disturbing news I have just received . There 's been a murder aboard the station . A murder ? I 've been told that 's not an uncommon occurrence here . The man who died has been suspected of criminal activity . Mr. Bahrat , however , discovered something at the scene of the killing that greatly concerns me . During my investigation , I discovered some energy readings I couldn 't identify , so I ran a spectral analysis . He showed me the analysis just a few minutes ago . It 's a Federation phaser signature . Tuvok will be assisting Mr. Bahrat in his investigation . I want to know how a weapon from Voyager could have been involved in this incident . The shooting took place in an abandoned section of the station . Security scanners were disabled . I 'm reviewing other surveillance records , looking for anything that might help me apprehend whoever did this . I 've promised Mr. Bahrat the full cooperation of every member of this crew during his investigation . Dismissed . You wanted to see me , Mr. Tuvok ? Please , sit down . I examined the scene of the shooting and confirmed the Federation weapon signature ... a type-2 phaser blast . 14 Voyager crew members were off the ship at the time of the incident . I see . Several traders from the station were aboard Voyager on the day of the incident . We can 't rule out the possibility that one of them managed to steal a phaser . I suppose not . What can you tell me about your friend Wixiban ? Wix ? Mr. Chakotay reported that he was aboard Voyager Ah , yes . He delivered some magnetic bearings . We 're more like acquaintances , not friends really . I haven 't seen him in years . Has he ever been involved in criminal activity ? l-I wouldn 't know . I certainly don 't think so . I must question him and I would appreciate your accompanying me . Me ? What could I do ? You may be able to help me evaluate the verisimilitude of his answers . I see . Please meet me in Transporter Room 2 at 1800 hours . How much time did you spend aboard Voyager ? Probably less than an hour altogether . Were you ever alone on the ship ? No . I was met by Mr. Chakotay in your transporter room ... extraordinary experience that transporter of yours . We delivered the bearings to Lieutenant Torres . Then , Mr. Chakotay and I paid a visit to my old friend Neelix in your Mess Hall . Where were you at the time of the shooting ? In bed , asleep . Can anyone corroborate that ? Alas , Mr. Tuvok , I sleep alone . That will be all for now , Mr. Wix . I 'd like to stay for a glass of Toffa ale . As you wish , but please see me as soon as you return to the ship . Yeah . I 'd forgotten how easy it is for you to lie . You 're not suggesting I tell him the truth . Vulcans aren 't as easily fooled as you might think . If you want to worry , I 'll give you something to worry about . What ? The people I was conducting that transaction for aren 't happy that they didn 't get paid . I thought this was your scheme . Do you think I could have afforded those tubes ? I was acting as an agent for some Kolaati Traders . Do you know anything about the Kolaati ? They 're mean as fire snakes . They will kill us , and it won 't be quick . I ... I can 't believe this is happening . Why did I ever listen to you ? ! Neelix , it 's all right . I 've convinced them to take something else in payment ... something easily come by . They know about Voyager They want a sample of your ship 's warp plasma . They 'll be able to use it to increase the efficiency of their engines . No . It 's wrong . I won 't do it . This has to stop . You should have thought of that in the beginning . You 're in too deeply now . The people on Voyager are my friends . I can 't steal from them . Friends ? You 've already told me they 're ready to put you off the ship . You 're living in a dream world . It 's time to wake up . You 're on your own , just as I am and you 're going to die a horrible death at the hands of the Kolaati unless you bring them three grams of warp plasma . Do you understand that ? I 've already told them you 'd do it . Meet me here tomorrow morning at 900 hours . Hey , Neelix , what 's up ? Oh , nothing . Just thought I might give you a hand with ... whatever it is you 're doing . You may regret that . Chakotay and I have to pick up a supply of biomimetic gel tomorrow morning and I am trying to find the container that is listed as the proper transport device . Starfleet standard issue L647 X7 . Well , sounds like another set of eyes wouldn 't hurt . M-34 ... No , not that one . L647 ... No , it 's Y-6 . Tom ... if it 's not too bold of me , I wonder if I could ask you something . Sure . Anything . I 've heard you were in some trouble in the past . Spent time in prison . That 's right . Do you ... ? Would you ... tell me how you got in trouble ? I 've thought a lot about that and it comes down to one simple fact . I didn 't tell the truth . I made a mistake , which happens to people , but if I 'd admitted that mistake , it would have been a lot better . But I lied about it and it nearly ruined my life . Why do you ask ? Oh ... no reason . Just wondered . Here 's your container . Oh . After I 'm done here , a bunch of us are going to go down to the resort . Why don 't you come along ? Thanks , but I 'm going to turn in early . Maybe another time . Okay . Good evening , Ensign . Mr. Neelix . I thought I 'd log a little time in the Jefferies tubes if that 's all right . I was unaware you were officially on an engineering work detail . Oh , it 's not official , not at all . But Lieutenant Torres has been good enough to allow me to poke around here and there ... as time permits , of course . She has mentioned your desire to become familiar with Starfleet engineering protocols . I see no reason why you can 't proceed . Thank you . Ensign Vorik . Yes , Mr. Neelix ? You 're quite young . Is it difficult for you being so far away from everything that 's familiar ? Had I been given the choice , I might not have chosen to explore the Delta Quadrant . However , since we are here , I must say the challenges are intriguing . Voyager is a wonderful place to be . The people here are very fortunate . I would concur . Did you get it ? Where is it ? I have to talk to you . Give it to me . I didn 't get the warp plasma . What ? ! I couldn 't do it . I just couldn 't . We have to tell the truth . It 's the only way to make things right . We 're dead men , Neelix . No . I have a plan . You two , stay where you are ! Don 't panic . Stay calm . I said stay where you are ! What is this ? You two are under arrest . Arrest ? What 's the charge ? Conspiring with known drug traffickers ... and murder . Let 's go ! This is the criminal who was killed ... and these are the two men we arrested . You can 't seriously regard this as viable evidence . I realize it 's circumstantial , but it is compelling . It proves absolutely nothing . It proves your two men had a conversation with a narcotics dealer only hours before he was killed . As the Captain said , that proves nothing . I 'm holding them for questioning . They are prime suspects . I want my security officer present during all interrogations . I 'll take that into consideration . But make no mistake about this . Someone will serve 50 years of cryostatic suspension for that murder . If I were to let this go unpunished , there would be anarchy on this station within days . You make no mistake about this . I won 't allow members of my crew to be condemned for a crime they did not commit . This has gone too far . We have to go to Bahrat . We 'll end up in his cryostatic prison for decades . Not if he agrees to my plan . Your plan is crazy . It 's worse than prison . It 's a death sentence . That would be better than living a lie . I 'm going whether you do or not . Neelix . We 've been through too much together . I can 't let you do this alone . It was a type-2 Federation phaser that was used . It 's on one of our shuttles . You can get it from our security officer to verify the energy signature . Which of you fired the weapon ? We were both involved in all aspects of the crime . I was the one with the weapon , but I fired in self-defense . So you see , Commander Chakotay and Lieutenant Paris are innocent . The punishment for trafficking in illicit substances is 50 years of cryostatic imprisonment . Your cryostatic prison isn 't a particularly effective deterrent , is it ? It certainly is . There 's very little narcotics trafficking that goes on here . That 's what you think . The Kolaati have made a fortune trading drugs here . I know everything that happens on this station . Apparently not . Since we were able to deliver narcotics to known criminals right under your nose . They have ways of disabling your surveillance systems . Masking your sensors . Creating false visual signals . It happens almost every night . I 'll put a stop to that . Since you don 't know how they do it , that might prove difficult . But ... we have a plan . The Kolaati want a sample of warp plasma from Voyager I 'll arrange a meeting with them to deliver the plasma . When they arrive , we 'll take them into custody . How do you plan to do that ? You won 't be able to carry weapons and if they thought my men and I were near , they 'd be gone in a second . We have some ideas . If we are able to turn them over to you , will you agree not to charge us with a crime ? It 's no risk to me . You 'll undoubtedly perish in this ridiculous scheme . You 'll have to provide us with a sample of warp plasma . I won 't take any from Voyager What I can give you won 't be of the same quality . Doesn 't matter . We 'll make do . All right . We 'll try it . But I don 't hold any hopes that you will survive . It 's been over 20 minutes . Where are they ? I confirmed the time and place . They should be here . Maybe they 've realized it 's a trap . Maybe they 're not going to show up . Let 's hope they do or we will end up in Bahrat 's prison . It looks like somebody 's begun transmitting a false visual signal . My guess is they 're about to come aboard . We 'll give them five minutes and then move in . It 's Tosin . Who ? He 's one of the most powerful Kolaati . Good evening , gentlemen . My name is Neelix , and I am ... The warp plasma . Where is it ? It 's right in here , Tosin , but first , you must guarantee us ... You 'll live for today . No guarantees about tomorrow . Give me the plasma . Slowly . 20 parts per million isonucleic residue . This is contaminated . You promised me a pure sample . It really doesn 't matter , because you 're under arrest . What ? I said you 're being taken into custody for smuggling contraband and narcotic substances . Very serious offenses aboard this station , Mr. Tosin . It 's time you faced up to them . Little man ... your days have ended . I wouldn 't fire that weapon if I were you . That plasma canister you 're holding ... I disengaged the safety nodes just as you came in . Even as we speak , warp plasma is leaking from it . This section of the station is filling with plasma particles . Fire your weapon and you 'll set off an explosion that would undoubtedly kill us all . He 's telling the truth , Tosin . Don 't do it . And I wouldn 't activate your transporter system , if I were you . The beam would also destabilize the plasma . Same effect . Boom . Then you will die with me , little man . No problem at all if it means getting rid of an Orillian lung maggot like you . Go ahead . You 'd be doing me a favor . I have nothing to lose . Fire away . Neelix . Shoot . What are you waiting for ? Fire . Re-engage the safety nodes . Don 't bother . Put down your weapons . You 're under arrest for violating Station Code 4279 , Subsection Beta-325 . No , don 't ! I 'm in Sick Bay ? Yes , Mr. Neelix . You sustained third-degree plasma burns and a moderate concussion , but my skills have prevented you from suffering permanent damage . Thank you , Doctor . One of the criminals was killed in the plasma explosion . The others have been taken into custody by Mr. Bahrat . Chakotay and Tom were released . Oh , good . And Wix ? Mr. Wixiban was given his shuttle . He sent you his thanks before making a hasty departure . Would all of you excuse us please ? I 'd like to talk to Neelix alone . Well , do you have anything to say for yourself ? Only that I 'm terribly sorry . Oh . You 're sorry . Is that supposed to make everything better ? I don 't really care whether you 're sorry or not , Neelix . At this point it doesn 't matter . I can 't imagine what could have made you behave the way you did . Lying to us . Sneaking around behind our backs . Covering up criminal activity . Did you have some misguided reason to think that this was acceptable behavior ? No , ma 'am . You 've been one of my most trusted advisors since we began this journey . How can I ever trust you again ? How can I ever listen to you without wondering whether you 're telling the truth or not ? I 've never been dishonest to you before . I swear , Captain . l-I just took one step , a step that seemed perfectly reasonable , and that step led to another and another and before I knew it , I was involved in something I didn 't know how to handle . What was it ? What was so important that you were willing to throw away your principles ? I needed a map . A map ? Captain , my usefulness to you was at an end . I don 't know anything about space beyond this point . I couldn 't let you go into the Nekrit Expanse without knowing what you faced . You 've been on this ship for two years . I 'd think by now you 'd have learned that the first duty of any Starfleet officer is the truth . You violated that duty , Neelix , and there will be consequences . I 'm prepared to leave the ship , Captain . Oh , no . It 's not that easy . You can 't just walk away from your responsibilities because you made a mistake . You 're part of a family now , and you have obligations . But ... I can 't guide you . I can 't advise you . I don 't know what 's coming . That 's not the point . Is it ? None of us knows what 's coming . That 's what Starfleet is all about . We are all in this together , Neelix , and we have to be able to count on each other no matter how hard it gets . Do you understand ? Yes . Yes , I do . Well , that 's good . Report to deuterium maintenance at 0400 tomorrow morning . You 're going to spend the next two weeks scrubbing the exhaust manifolds . That should give you time to think about what I 've said . Dismissed .
