 STAR TREK - NEMESIS - " ROMULAN IMPERIAL SENATE " - Senators , consider the opportunities for the Empire . At last , the destinies of the planets Romulus and Remus will be united . Shinzon of Remus is offering us a chance to make ourselves stronger than ever before . It would be madness to reject him . I beg you not to let prejudice or politics interfere with this alliance . By joining Shinzon 's forces with ours not even the federation will be able to stand in our way . - That 's enough ! The decision has been made . The military does not dictate policy on Romulus . The Senate has considered Shinzon 's proposal and rejected it . He and his followers will be met with all deliberate force and sent back to that black rock they came from ! Do I make myself clear ? Yes Sir . If you will excuse me Praetor , I have an appointment with the Tholian ambassador . Of course . Senators , Are there any others who wish to speak ? Then I call for a vote on the motion to open trade negotiations with Zeles II . As you know the Remus mines have not been filling their quotes for months now . I hope you 'll all bare in mind the trade committees fighting 's . As much as we don 't want ... Will someone alert security ! ? Bring back senator Tal 'Aura . Duty ... Starship captains ' life is filled with ... solemn duty . I have commanded man in battle . I have negotiated peace treaties between implacable enemy . I have represented the Federation in first contact with 27 alien species . But none of this compares with my solemn duty today as best man ! Now , I know on an occasion such as this , it is expected that I 'll be gracious and fulsome in my preys on the wanders of this blessed union . But have the two of you considered what you are doing to me ? Of course you 're happy , but what about my needs ? This is all a damned inconvenience . And while you are happily settling in on the tighten I will be training my new First Officer . You all know him . He is a tyrannical ... .......... , who will never , ever ! allow me to go on away missions . That is the regulation , Sir . Starfleet code section 12 paragraph 4 ... Mister Data ? Sir ? Shut up . Yes Sir . 15 years I 've been waiting to say . No , serious . Deanna : Is still time to reconsider . Yes ? No . No ? Oh , very well then . Will Riker , you have been my trusted right arm for 15 years . You have kept my course through and steady . Diana Troy , you 've been my guide and my conscience . You have helped me recognized the better part of myself . You are my family . And in best marry time tradition I wish you both clear horizons . My good friends . Make it so . The bride and brew ! ... . No , 23 was my limit . Worf ? Are you all right ? Romulan all should be illegal . It is ! That was a lovely toast . It was from the heart . And you needn 't worry , I 'm going to brief your new counselor everything she needs to know . Oh , like hell you are . You already know too much about me . ... but I take it that there will be no speeches during the ceremony on Betazen . No , no speeches an no close . Ladies and Gentlemen , and invited transgender species In my studies of Terran and Betazoid conjuble rights , I have discovered it is traditional to present the happy couple with a gift . given commander Riker 's affection for archaic musical forms I have elected to present the following as my gift . In honor of their conjugation . Never sow the sun Shining so bright Never sow things going so right . Noticing the days When you 're in love Oh blue skies ... Nothing but blue sky . It 's tradition Worf . You of all people should appreciate that . I will not do it ! Do what Mr. Worf ? Captain , I do not think it is appropriate for a Starfleet officer to appear naked . Oh , come on , a big handsome fellow like you ... what can you be afraid of ? Captain , I am picking up an unusual electromagnetic signature from the Kolorin system . What sort of signature ? Positronic . It 's very fade , but I 've isolated it to the third planet in the Kolorin system . What do we know about it ? Uncharted , we 'll have to get closer for a more detailed scan Theories ? Since positronic signatures have only been know to emanate from an android such as myself , It is logical to theorize there is an android on Kolaris III . Just what I was afraid of . Captain ! Diverting to the Kolaris system takes us offly close to the Romulan Neutral Zone . It 's still well on our side ... I think ... I think it 's worth taking a look . Don 't worry Number One we 'll soon have you to Betazoid with plenty of time to spare . Thank you Sir . Where we will all honor the Betazoid tradition . Now , if you 'll excuse me ... I 'll be in the gym . Mr. Branson laid a course to the Kolarin system . Warp 5 . What do you think Data ? Scanning matrix is on ... I 'm reading 6 distinct positronic signatures spread out over a few kilometers on the planet surface . What do we know about the population of Kolaris III ? Isolated packets of humanoids . It appears to be a pre-warp civilization at an early stage of industrial development . Captain . Wouldn 't recommend using the transporters . That Ion storm doesn 't look very neighborly . It could head in our direction without much warning . Understood . Data , Mr. Worf you 're with me . Captain , I don 't have to remind you ... I appreciate your concern Number One , but I am itching to try the Argo . I 'll bet . Captains Prerogative . There is no feasible danger . And your wife would never forgive me if anything should happen to you . You have the bridge ! Mr. Troy ! I will always be puzzled by the human predilection for piloting vehicles at unsafe velocities . Over that hill Sir . Half of kilometer . The radiant electromagnetic field is interfering with my tricorder . We are within a few meters of the signal . Let 's search around . It appears to be a robotic arm . Mr. Worf , bring it to the vehicle . This doesn 't feel right . The final signature is approximately 100 meters to the north Sir . It 's you . The resemblance is striking . Fascinating . To the vehicle ! I think it 's time to try some unsafe velocities . Why do you have a shiny head ? This is not the appropriate time for a conversation . Why ? Because the Captain have to concentrate on piloting the vehicle ! Why ? Because ... Data ! Sorry Sir . Have I said something wrong ? Data ! You know , all things considered Data , I think you have nicer eyes . Our eyes are identical , Doctor . So what have we got , Jody ? Well , I would say it has the same internal mechanics as Data , But not as much positronic development . The neural pathways are nearly as sophisticated . I 'd say he is a ... prototype . Something Dr. Sung created prior to Data . Do you have a name , Sir ? I am B4 ( before ) . B4 . Dr 's Sung interest for strange names seems to have no end . Can you tell us how you came to be on the planet where we found you ? I do not know . Do you remember anything of your life before you were on the planet ? No . Why does the tall man have a furry face ? Number One , keep me informed . and ... Geordi , reassemble him . Yes Sir . B4 . Do you know who I am ? You are me . No . My name is Data . I am your brother . Tea . Captain . You have an alpha priority communication from Starfleet command . Acknowledge . Admiral Janeway . How good to see you again . Jean-Luc . How would you like a trip to Romulus ? With or without the rest of the fleet ? A diplomatic mission . We 've been invited , believe it or not . Seems there 's been some kind of internal political shake-up . The new Praetor - someone called him Shinzon - has requested the Federation envoy . New Praetor ? There 's more . He is Reman , believe me we don 't understand it either . You are the closest ship , so I want you to go and hear what he has to say . If the Empire becomes unstable it could mean trouble for the entire Quadrant . Understood . We sending you all the intelligence we have But is not much . I don 't need to tell you to watch your back , Jean-Luc . Hardly . The sonars , the borgs , the romulans ... you seem to get all the " easy " assignments . Just lucky , admiral . Let 's hope that luck holds . Janeway out . Establish a new course Take us to Romulus . Warp 8 . Yes Sir . Course plugged and laid in . Romulus ? I 'm afraid the open sea will have to wait Number One . Engage . As you can see one side of Remus always faces the sun . Due to the extreme temperatures on that half of their world the Remans live on the dark side of the planet . Almost nothing is known about the Reman home world . Although intelligence scans have proven the existence of Dilithian Mining and Heavy Weapons Construction . The Remans themselves are considered an undesirable cast in the hierarchy of the Empire . But they also have a reputation for being formidable warriors . In the Dominion war the Reman troops were used as assault forces in the most violent encounters . Yes , but how did a Reman get to be Praetor ? I don 't get it . We have to assume he had Romulan collaborators . Could you tell ? Praetor 's power has always been the Romulat fleet . They must have been behind Shinzon 's for him to over throne the Senate . What have we know about Shinzon ? Starfleet intelligence was only able to provide a partial account of his military record . We can inform that he is relatively young and a capable commander . He fought 12 major engagements in the war - all successful . beyond that we know nothing . Well it 's seems that we are truly sailing into the unknown . Keep at it . Anything you could give me would be appreciated . Dismissed . I still can 't believe the captain went along with the memory download . Captain Picard agrees that the B4 was probably designed with the same safe actualization parameters as myself . If my memory is successfully integrated into his positronic matrix he should have all my abilities . Yeah , but he would also have all of your memories as well . You feel comfortable with that ? I feel nothing Geordi . It is my belief that with my memory he will be able to function as a more complete individual . An individual more like you , you mean . Yes . Maybe he is not supposed to be like you Data . Maybe he is supposed to be exactly the way he is . That might be so . But I believe he should have the opportunity to explore his potential . Ok ... we 're done . B4 . Do you know were you are ? I am in a room ... with lights ! Can you remember ... our father ? Our father ? Yes , Dr. Sung . No . Do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel ? Captain ? No . Data , he is assimilating a lot of programming . Remember , he is a prototype , a lot less sophisticated than you are . We just don 't know if his matrix will be able to adapt . We really need to give him some time . Geordi . What purpose does this serve ? That 's the redundant memory part . Maybe the provisional memory storage it 's the case of his neuropath ways overload Do you mind if I keep him for a while , for a few diagnostics ? No , I do not mind . Data ! No . You must remain with commander La Forge . He is going to try to help you . Captain 's log , star date 56844.9 The Enterprise has arrived at Romulus and it 's waiting at the designated coordinates . All our hails have gone unanswered . we 've been waiting for 17 hours . Counselor . They are out there , Sir . Captain . I recommend we raise shields . Not yet Mr. Worf . Captain , with all do respect to diplomatic protocol , The Federation council that is sitting out here , we are ! Patience . Diplomacy is a very exact occupation . We will wait . Captain . Raising shields ! No ! Captain ! Tactical analysis , Mr. Worf . 52 disruptors banks , 27 photon torpedoes base primary and secondary shields . She 's a predator . We are being hailed . On screen . Enterprise . We are the Reman war bird Cimitarra . Praetor Shinzon ... I 'm pleased to ... I am not Shinzon ... I am his Viceroy . We are sending transport coordinates . Not very chatty . Await Team , transporter room 4 ! I hope you forgive the darkness ... We are not comfortable in the light . Praetor Shinzon ? Captain Picard Jean-Luc Picard ... I 've always imagined you 're a little taller . Isn 't that odd ? You may scan me without subterfuges , Commander Data . You are not as we imagined you . No ? You are human ! Why have you asked us to come here ? Praetor ? I 've never met a human woman before . I 'm only half human . Deanna Troy of Betazed ... empathic and telepathic abilities ship 's conselor . All this I knew , but I never knew you 're so beautiful . Isn 't quite familiar ... without personnel ? Oh , I am , Commander Riker . May I touch your hair ? We came to Romulus on a matter we were assured was of great importance . If you have anything to say to us as representatives of the Federation I suggest you do it now . Yes . I 'm sorry Captain , There 's so much we need to talk about . I would be interested to know what we are talking about . Unity , Captain ! Tearing down the walls between us . To recognize that we are one . I 'm talking of the thing that makes us the same . Peace . We want Peace . Right now you 're thinking this all sounds to good to be true . But you 're also thinking that the chance for Peace is too promising to ignore . Am I right ? Yes . Than perhaps it 's time to add some illumination to our discussion . Computer , raise the lightning - 4 levels . When I was very young I was stricken with an odd disease . I developed a hyper-sensitivity to sound . Even the slightest whisper caused me agony . No one could do anything about it . Finally I was taken to a doctor who had some experience of Terran illnesses . And he diagnoses me with the Shalaft Syndrome . Do you know it , Captain ? Yes . Then you know it 's a very rare syndrome . Genetic . Apparently all the male members of the family have it . Eventually I was treated . Now I can hear as well as you can , Captain . I can see as well as you can . I can feel everything you feel . In fact I feel exactly what you feel . Don 't I Jean-Luc ? Come to dinner , tomorrow on Romulus . Just the two of us . Or should I say ... just the one of us . I think you 'll be wanting this . Until tomorrow then , Captain . We have much to discuss . Computer , return lightning to previous level . There 's no doubt Captain . Right down to your aggressive strain of Shalaft Syndrome . He 's a clone . They probably used a hair follicle or a skin cell . Why ? I intend to find out , Number One . Inform Starfleet of the situation . I need to know were the hell he came from ! Counselor . We supported you Shinzon when you assassinated the Senate . You told us the timing was perfect for an attack on the Federation . I don 't understand why now you delay . You don 't have to understand . And bringing the Enterprise here - what possible purpose could that serve ? I have a purpose . And perhaps you enlighten us . Silence , Romulan ! You really must learn patience , Commander . Spend 18 hours everyday under a lash of a Romulan guard And you 'll soon understand patience . Now go . Commander Donatra ... Please remain . There 's a word I want you to consider . Allegiance . It 's something I demand from those who serve me . Do I serve you ? Yes . And I think fatefully Commander Suran , on the other hand gives me ... ....... Here 's another word Praetor , Trust . Do you trust me ? How far does that trust extend ? How deep does it go ? What must a commander do to prove herself fateful to you ? What must a woman do ? You are not a woman . You are a Romulan . Serve me fatefully and you will be rewarded . Keep those lovely eyes on Commander Suran . And at the first sign of traitory ... Dispose of him . Then , you will have proven yourself . now go ! And commander ... If you ever touch me again ... I 'll kill you . The Romulans had somehow gane possesion of your DNA . And I have been created . And when I was ready they were going to replace you with me . Put a Romulan agent in the heart of Starfleet . It was a bold plan . What happened ? As happens frequently here on Romulus a new governor came to power they decided to abandon the plan ... They were afraid that I might be discovered That it will lead to war . Not quite the face you remember . Not quite . A lifetime of violence will do that . It broke my nose , my jaw , but so much it 's the same ! The eyes , I sow that you recognized the eyes . Yes . Our eyes reflect our lifes , don 't they ? And yours are so confident . So , I 'm not as tall as you expected . How did you end up on Remus ? They sent me there to die . How could a male human survived the Dilithium mines ? Not did it matter , as I was no longer part of their plans against the Federation . In those terrible depths lived only the damned . Together with the Reman slaves I was condemned to an existence of unceasing labor and starvation , under the brutal hand of the Romulan guards . Only the very strongest had any hope of survival . I was only a child when they took me . Then I didn 't see the sun or the stars again for nearly 10 years . The only thing that Romulan guards hated more than the Remans , was me . But one man took pity on me . The man that became my Viceroy . He protected me from the cruelty of the guards . And taught me how to survive . And in that dark place where there was nothing but myself I found my Reman brothers . They showed me the only true kindness I ever know . You 're doing this to liberate the Remans ? That is the single thought behind everything I have done ! From building the Cimitarra to secret bases . To assembling my army . Finally coming to Romulus in force . I knew they would never give us our freedom ... I would have to take it ! How many Romulans died for your freedom ? Too many . But the point is that finally the Empire is realizing that there is a better way . And that way is Peace . You don 't trust me . I have no reason to . You have every reason . If you had lived my life and experienced the suffering of my people , You 've be standing where I am . If you had lived my life you would understand my responsibility to the Federation . I cannot allow my personal feelings to influence my decisions . All I have are my personal feelings ! I want to know what it means to be human . The Remans have given me a future . ... but you can tell me about my past ! I can tell you about my past . Were we , Picards , always warriors ? I think of myself as an explorer . Were we always explorers ? I was the first Picard to leave our solar system . It caused quite a stir in the family . But I 've spent my youth ... Looking up at the stars , Dreaming about what was up there . About new worlds ... I 'm trying to believe you Shinzon . If there is one ideal that the Federation holds most dearly ... it is that all man all races can be united . What better example - A Starfleet captain ... standing in the Romulan Senate . Nothing will make me more proud than to take your hand in friendship . In time ... when that trust has been earned . Captain ! we have had an unauthorized acces into the main computer . Source ? It 's gonna take some time to figure that out , Captain . The data streams were routed through substations all over the ship . What programs were accessed ? Well , that 's what I can 't figure it out . It 's mostly just basic stellar cartography . Star charts , communications protocol , some uplinks from calling the tracking stations It 's not even restricted material . Nevertheless , we must learn the source . Keep me informed . Captain ! There is something else . I was reviewing the sensors modes . Look at this ! When the ... ............ there was a momentary spike in the ... ............ EM band . There . You 're not gonna believe this . It 's Thalaron . I thought Thalaron radiations were theoretically . Which is why our initially scans didn 't pick it up . But he 's got it Captain . Thalaron research was banned by the Federation because of its biogenic properties . It has the ability to consume organic materials at a subatomic level . I can 't overestimate the danger of Thalaron 's radiation , Jean-Luc . A microscopic ant could kill every living thing on this ship in a matter of seconds ! I understand . Keep on it . How we can neutralize any threat ? I need options . This was a mistake we 're wasting time . My time . And I should spend it how I choose . Do not forget our mission , Shinzon . We must act , now ! We will return to the Cimitarra . I was nearly curious about Come ! Beverly , come in . Remember him ? He was a bit cocky as I recall . He was a damn fool . Selfish , ambitious Very much in need of ... ....... He turned out all right . I really wanted to believe Shinzon . But these Thalaron radiation just can 't be explained . Whatever he 's after , it isn 't peace . Is he very much the way you were ? Oh , yes . Data to Captain Picard . Go ahead Data . Captain , Geordi and I have identified the source of the unauthorized computer access . And I believe we have found a way to gain a tactical advantage . On my way . Will . As ship counselor , I recommend you get some sleep . Some honey moon . Come to bed . Imzadi . Imzadi . He can never know you as I can He can never touch you as I can . This isn 't real ! Feel my lips ? I 'm with you Imzadi . I 'll always be with you now . This isn 't real ! Deanna , what 's the matter ? Deanna . The bond has been broken . Find her again . Praetor . We received the transponder signal . It 's accelerating . You have no more time for games . Have the doctors prepared . Transport ! Begin the download . Tea . Hot . Aside from slightly elevated levels of adrenalin and serotonin , you 're perfectly normal . Deanna , can you describe it ? It was a violation . Shinzon 's viceroy seems to have the ability to reach into my thoughts . I 've became a liability . I request to be relieved of my duties . Permission denied . If you can endure more of this assaults I need you on my side . Now more than ever . The Enterprise is far from Federation space ... Worf ! Shields up ! Hello , Jean-Luc . Why am I here ? Why have you done this ? I was lonely ... What are you going to do ? I need a sample of your blood . What is it your borg friends saying ? Resistance is futile . Oh yes , the android . the bate you can 't refuse . All of this so you can capture me ? Don 't be so vain . After we found it we had to make a few modifications . An extra-memory port , a hidden transponder . I 've now gain access to Starfleet communications protocol . I now know the exact locations of your entire fleet . You may go . Where ? Out of my sight . What is all this about ? It 's about destiny , Picard . It 's about a Reman outcast ! You 're not Reman ! And I 'm not quite human ! So what am I ? My life is meaningless as long as you 're still alive . What am I while you exist ? A shadow ? An echo ? If your issues are with me , than deal with me ! These are nothing to do with my ship . Nothing to do with the Federation ! Oh , but it does ! You are no longer bound before anyone were slaves ! Not the Romulans and not your mighty Federation ! We ! are a race bred for war ! And conquest . Are you ready to plunge the entire quadrant into war just to satisfy your own personal demons ? It amazes me how little you know yourself . I 'm incapable of such an act ! You are me ! The same noble Picard blood runs through our veins ! Had you lived my life you 'd be doing exactly as I am ! So look in the mirror see yourself . Consider that , Captain . I can 't think of no greater torment for you . Shinzon . I 'm a mirror for you as well . Not for long , Captain ! I 'm afraid you won 't survive to witness the victory of the echo over the voice ! His clone ... it 's perfect . No tachyon emissions , no rezidual anti-protons . Keep at it , Geordi . Find a way in . Praetor Shinzon ... needs the prisoner . About time , Mr. Data . My mission was a success , sir . I 've located the source of the radiations . This entire ship is essentially a Thalaron generator . Its power relays lead to an activation matrix on the bridge . It 's a weapon . It would appear so . What about the download ? Shinzon believes he has our communication protocols . They would give him inaccurate locations for all our Starfleet vessels , Good work . Sir ! Geordi supplied me with a protoytpe for the emergency transport unit . I recommend you use this sir to return to the Enterprise . It 'll only work for one of us . Yes sir . We 'll find a way off together . It is time for the procedure . Move , puny human animal ! A bit less exaggerated , don 't you think Data ? Kill him ! This way , Sir . There is a shuttle bay , 94 meters from our current position ! There it is Sir ! Go ! Data ! It appears to have an encrypted security system ! A luck will be mostly appreciated , Commander ! Reman is a most complex language with pictographs representing ... Through I find that a fascinating thing , we 've really need that door open ! According to the ship 's manifest they 're Scorpion class attack flyers . Data ! What do you imagine this is ? Port thrusters , Sir . Would you like me to drive , Sir ? Data , can you open the shuttle bay doors ? Negative Sir . They have erected a force field around the external portals . Well then ... Only one way to go . Do you think this is a wise course of action Sir ? We 're about to find out Data ... Power up the disruptors ... Ready Captain . Fire ! Tractor beam , now ! Worf , lock on transporter ! I have them , Sir . This has gone far enough . I thought we discussed patience , Commander . And mine is wearing thin . We supported you because you promised action . And yet you delay . The Enterprise is imaterial . They won 't make it to the neutral zone . And in two days , the Federation will be crippled beyond repair . Is that satisfy you ? For the moment . And when I return , you and I should have a little talk about showing proper respect . What 's happening to its face ? Commander ! A moment . Are you truly prepared to have your hands full of blood ? He 's not planning to defeat Earth . He is planning its annihilation . And his sins will mark us and our children , for generations . The more I studied his DNA the more confusing it got . Finally , I could come to only one conclusion : Shinzon was created with temporal ARN sequences . He was designed to that at a certain point his ageing process could be accelerated to reach your age more quickly . He was engineered to skip 30 years of his life . But when the temporal sequence wasn 't activated his cellular structures start to breaking down . He 's dying . Dying ? Can anything be done for him ? Nothing , except a complete transfusion from the only donor with compatible DNA . You . How long does he have ? Oh , I can 't say for sure . But the rate of decay seems to be accelerating . And he will come for me . Brother . I can not move . No . I have only activated your cognitive and communication subroutines . Why ? Because you are dangerous . Why ? You have been programmed to gather information that can be used against this ship . I do not understand . I know . Do you know anything about Shinzon plans against the Federation ? No . Do you have any knowledge of the tactical abilities of this ship ? No . Can I move now ? No . What are you doing ? I must deactivate you . For how long ? Indefinitely . How long is ... A long time brother . It 's called a cascading biogenic pulse . The unique properties of Thalaron radiation allow the energy beam to expand almost without limit . Depending on its radiant intensity , it could face a ship or a planet . He would only have built a weapon of such scope for one reason : He 's going after Earth . How can you be certain ? I know how he thinks . Destroy humanity , you cripple the Federation . The Romulans invade . No way of penetrating his cloak ? No . So he could pass within 10 meters of every ship in Starfleet and they 'd never know . We do have one advantage though . He needs your blood to live . He might come after you first . I 'm counting on it . We 've been ordered to sector 1045 . Our fleet has been diverted to meet us there . Strengthen numbers . Yes . At least that 's what we hope . He must not be allowed to use that weapon . All other concerns are secondary . You understand me ? Yes Sir . All hands battle stations . Initiate the force field ! Captain 's personal log , supplemental . We 're heading toward Federation space at maximum warp . The crew has responded at the dedication I come to expect of them . Like a thousand other commanders on a thousand other battlefields I wait for the dawn . How long ? A matter of hours . We must begin the procedure now . How long until we reach the rift ? 7 minutes . Data , what 's our current position ? How soon until we reach the fleet ? At our current velocity we will arrive at sector 1045 in approximately 40 minutes Sir . " And now we see the glass darkly " . Sir ? He said he is a mirror . Of you , sir ? Yes . I do not agree . Although you share the same genetic structure the events of your life have created a unique individual . If I had lived his life is it possible that I would have rejected my humanity ? The B4 is physically identical to me although his neuropath ways are not as advanced . But even if they were , he would not be me . How can you be sure ? I aspire Sir . To be better that I am . ... B4 does not , nor does Shinzon . We are passing through the Beazen rift , Sir . The projection will return when we 've cleared it . Is it interfering with our uplink from Starfleet cartography ? The rift affects all long range communications ... Commander Riker , evasive maneuvers ! Target weapon systems and shields . I don 't want the Enterprise destroyed . Can you learn to see in the dark , Captain ? Report ! He 's firing from the cloak We can 't get a lock . He disabled our warp drive with his first shot . We only have ... ............ Mr. Worf , prepare the full phasers , spread 0 elevation . All banks on my mark . Scan for shield impact , stand by , photon torpedoes . Yes Sir ! Fire ! You 're too slow old man . Attack pattern Shinzon theta . We are losing dorsal shields ! Full access rotational port ! Fire all ventral phasers ! Minimal damage to the Cimitarra . Defensive pattern Kirk Epsilon . And get the shields on line Geordi . Already on it ! Counselor Troy , report to the bridge ! Captain ! We are being hailed . On screen . Captain Picard . Will you join me ? You can 't trace my holographic emitters captain . So don 't bother . And you can 't contact Starfleet . It 's just the two of us Jean-Luc . As it should be . Why are you here ? To accept your surrender . I can clearly destroy you at any time . Lower your shields and allow me to transport you to my ship . And the Enterprise ? I have little interest in your queen vessel , Captain . Look at me Shinzon . Your heart , your hands , your eyes are the same as mine ! The blood pumping within you . The raw material is the same . We have the same potential . That 's the past Captain . It can be the Future ! Very deep within you , beneath all the years of pain and anger there 's something that is never been nerfed the potential to make yourself a better man . And that is what it is : to be human . To make yourself more than you are . Oh yes . I know you . There was a time you looked at the stars and dreamed about what might be . Childish dreams Captain . Lost in the Dilithium mines of Remus . I am what you see now . I see more than that . I see what you could be . The man who is Shinzon of Remus and Jean-Luc Picard could never exterminate the population of an entire planet . He is better that that . He is what his life has made him . And what will you do with that life ? Wasted in the blaze of hatred ... There is a better way . No , it 's too late . Never , never ! You still have a choice . Make the right one now . I can 't fake what I am ! Yes you can ! I 'll show you my true nature . Our nature . And when Earth dies I will always forever be remembered as Shinzon of Remus ! And my voice shall echo through time long after yours is faded to the dim memory ! Two ships decloaking sir ! Romulan ! Captain ! Just when I thought this couldn 't get any worse . We are being hailed . On screen . Captain Picard , commander Donatra of the warbird Valdore . Might we be of assistance ? Assistance ? The Empire considers this a matter of internal security . We regret you become involved . Commander , when this is over I owe you a drink . Romulan drink Captain . Let 's get to work ! You heard the Lady ! Let 's go to work ! Mr. Worf , coordinate our attack with the Valdorre tactical officer . Triangulate all fire on any shield impact ! Yes sir . Shields down to 40 % ! Keep our bow on the Cimitarra . Auxiliary power to forward shields ! Yes sir . Target the flanking warbird . All 4 disruptor banks on my mark . Forward shields down to 10 % ! bring us about ! Drop cloak on the offboard quadrant ... prepare for full emergency stop ! What ? You heard me ! He is losing his cloak ! Stand by all forward disruptors banks . She 's almost on us ! Not yet . Praetor ! Full stop ! Fire ! Restore the off-cloak and bring us about . I 'm afraid that drink will have to wait , Captain . You have life support ? For the moment . But we 're dead in the water . Understood . We are losing structural integrity on decks 12 through 17 sections 4 thru 10 . Emergency force fields are holding ! Evacuate those decks and reroute field power to forward shields . Captain . I think I may have a way to find them . Prepare for a lateral run ! ... all starboard disruptors . What is it ? She 's here . He 's resisting . No ! Remember me ? Now ! Fire at will ! Prepare a boarding party ! Bring me Picard ! You ! Get the cloak back ! Target all shields coordinates , beta 3 ! All disruptors , fire ! Captain we 've lost central shielding on deck 29 ! Divert all power and compensate . Intruder alert ! Number One ? Let 's go ! Security team at deck 29 ! The Romulans fought with honor . Yes they did Mr. Worf . Worf , cover me . Medical teams to the bridge . Report ! We 've exhausted our complemental photon torpedoes ... Phaser banks are down to 4 % . Are we targeted all our phasers in a concentrated pattern . Cimitarra 's shields are still at 70 % . It 'll make no difference , Captain . We have damage on all decks . What 's he doing ? He wants to look me in the eye . We 've got him ! He thinks he knows exactly what am I going to do . ... Geordi Divert all power to the engines take it from life support if you have to give me everything you got . Ready Captain . We are being hail Sir . Deanna stand by . Open a channel . I hope you 're still alive Jean-Luc . Oh yes I am . Don 't you think it 's time to surrender ? Why should the rest of your crew have to die ? Shinzon , I don 't think I ever told you about my first Academy evaluation . In particular , I was thought to be extremely overconfident . Captain , as much as I enjoy listen to you talk , I really think ... On my mark Deanna . All hand , prepare for impact ! Engage . Back ! Divert all power to the engines . Full reverse ! Computer stand by autodestruct sequence Omega ... Recognize voice pattern Jean-Luc Picard , authorization Alpha-Alpha-305 Autodestruct is off-line . Disruptors are not functional Sir . Deploy the weapon . Kill everything on that ship . Then set a course for Earth . We must complete our mission . Matrix initiated . Sequence in procedure for Thalaron radiation transfer . Activated . Some ideals are worth dying for , aren 't they Jean-Luc ? Thalaron intermix procedure initiated . Deploying the targeting arms , commencing . How long until he can fly ? The targeting sequence should take about 7 minutes Captain . When the targeting arms are fully deployed the matrix on the bridge will relay the Thalaron radiation to the firing points at their tips . No one at the Enterprise will survive . How can he , he 'll kill you ! It 's not about me anymore ! Prepare for a site-to-site transport . Captain , I don 't think that a transport ... That 's an order Commander ! Sir , allow me to go ! Data , this is something I have to do ! Sir . Data . You have the bridge Commander . Try and put some distance between you and the Cimitarra Now Mr. LaForge . Yes sir . That 's it . Transporters are down . Counselor Troy please assume command Geordi , come with me . Thalaron intermix level : 30 % . 4 minutes to firing sequence . Thalaron intermix level : 50 % 3 minutes to firing sequence . Thalaron intermix level : 60 % 2 minutes to the firing sequence . Thalaron intermix level : 80 % I 'm glad we 're together now ... Our destiny is complete . One minute to firing sequence . Thalaron intermix level completed . 30 seconds to firing sequence . Good bye . 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 Data ? Captain ? It 's Data . Captain , we 're being hailed . On screen . Open a channel . This is Commander Donatra of the Valdore . We 're dispatching shuttles with medical personnel and supplies . Thank you Commander . You 've earned a friend in the Romulan Empire today Captain . I hope the first of many . Valdore out . Geordi prepare the shuttle bays for the arrivals . They don 't know our procedures just open the doors . I 'll take care of it Captain . You have the bridge Number One . Thank you . To absent friens to family . First time I sow Data he was ... ...... against a tree in the holodeck ... trying to whistle . Funniest thing I ever sow . No matter what he did he couldn 't get the toon right . What was that song ... Can 't remember the song . Come . Will . Permission to disembark Sir . Granted . So , where 's the tighten off to ? The neutral zone . We 're heading up the new task force . Apparently , the Romulans aren 't talking . Well , I can 't think of a better man for the job . If I may , just a word of advice about your first command ? Anything . When your first officer insist that you can 't go on away missions ignore him . I intend to . Serving with you it 's been an honor . The honor was mine , Captain . I don 't know if all this is made any sense but I wanted you to know what kind of men he was . ... in his quest to be more like us . He helped us to see what it means to be human . My brother was not human . No . He wasn 't . But his wander , his curiosity about every fact of the human nature allowed all of us too see the best parts of ourselves . He evolved he embraced change because he always wanted to be better than he was . I do not understand . Well , I hope some day you will . Captain , the warp engines are ready to go online . I 'm on my way . Please inform commander LaForge . We 'll talk later . " Never sow the sun shining so bright ... Never sow things Going so right . Original by : - -- MOBUTU - --
