 Commander Chakotay . I understand you wanted to see me . I 'm told you are the officer in charge of personnel , that you prepare the ... duty assignments . Is that the correct phrase ? That 's right . I 'm finding it ... difficult to spend so much time alone . I am unaccustomed to it . The hours do not pass quickly . I can understand that . How can we help ? I 've been considering the matter carefully . I would like to request a duty assignment . Did you have something specific in mind ? Yes . Now what ? There 's been a rupture in the coolant injector . I can see that ! Why haven 't you sealed it off ? I 'm attempting to do so . That 's better . Lieutenant , I have an idea . Perhaps it would be advisable to reconfigure the coolant assembly . That would give us greater control over the pressure valve emissions . You 're probably right . And tomorrow , we can do it first thing , but not today . I don 't understand . Why wait till tomorrow when today ... ? Not today , Vorik . Good morning . Here 's the helm control evaluation you wanted . Thank you . We still on for dinner tonight ? I may have to work . I 'll let you know . Uh - huh . Okay . Have you decided if you 're ... if you 're going through with it ? I have and I 'm not . Today hasn 't started out very well and the last thing I need is to get involved with some obscure Klingon ritual . You were the one who suggested it . I know . And for one sentimental minute , I thought that I might actually go through with it , but not anymore . Of course not . Wouldn 't want to get too sentimental . I overslept this morning because I forgot to tell the computer to wake me and then the acoustic inverter in my sonic shower blew out . That 'll make your hair stand on end . So I didn 't have time for breakfast and when I got here , two people were out sick so I had to cancel the fuel cell overhaul . And then an injector burst for no apparent reason and started spewing plasma coolant ... Well , that 's a run of bad luck all right . So , I am in a bad mood , and I know that I am being a little bit testy . No . That 's okay . Think about that dinner . Be careful . Something interesting just happened . What 's that ? Seven of Nine requested a duty assignment . Fascinating . She wants to work in Engineering . What ? The Borg use transwarp conduits to travel through space faster than warp speed . If we could create one of them ... We don 't know anything about transwarp technology . Playing around with it could be dangerous . That 's where Seven of Nine comes in . She 's offered to work with you . What do you think her real motives are ? She 's having a tough time making the transition from the collective . She wants something to do . I never thought of you as naive , Chakotay . Bottom line is , I don 't want her working in Engineering . The bottom line is , I 'm giving you an order and you 're going to follow it , Lieutenant . Whatever you say , sir . Seven of Nine , you told me you wouldn 't make any more attempts to contact the Borg . And I want to believe that 's true . I assure you it is . I 've decided not to post a security detail while you 're in Engineering , but you have to realize there are rules . You 'll be expected to follow our protocols . You 'll report directly to Lieutenant Torres and obey any order she gives you . I understand . One more thing- - your designation , " Seven of Nine " is a little cumbersome . Wouldn 't you prefer to be called by your given name , Annika ? I have been Seven of Nine for as long as I can remember . All right . But maybe we could streamline it a little . How would you feel about ... " Seven " ? lmprecise ... but acceptable . Tuvok to Captain Janeway . Yes , Tuvok ? Please come to the Bridge . A ship is approaching . It 's damaged , but functional . Energy emissions are so low it 's probably not capable of warp speed . Several dozen life signs aboard . We are being hailed , Captain . Open a channel . I 'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . I am Rahmin . My people are the Caatati . I apologize for our appearance and the condition of our ship . Most of our people were assimilated by the Borg over a year ago . We lost everything . How many of you escaped ? A few thousand , on 30 ships- - all that 's left from a planet of millions . I 'm sorry . Captain ... I want to assure you my people were once proud and accomplished . I understand . It pains me to have to ask this , but I have 88 people to care for on this vessel . We need food , medicines . Is there any way you could help us ? Of course . Send us a list of your needs and we 'll see what we can do . I 'm deeply grateful . If it 's not too much to ask , is there any way you might also spare a small quantity of thorium isotopes ? Without them , our systems can 't function . I think we can arrange that . I 'll speak to my engineer . You ... can 't imagine what this means to us , Captain . Thank you . How are those thorium isotopes coming , Vorik ? I 'll admit I 'm having trouble controlling the neutron absorption . Try increasing the temperature of the plasma . Get the thorium to the Captain as soon as it 's ready . Of course . Tell me something ... when you hear about people like the Caatati , do you have any feelings of remorse ? No . That 's it ? Just " no " ? What further answer do you require ? Oh , maybe some kind of acknowledgment of the billions of lives you helped destroy ... a justification for what you did ... maybe ... a little sense of guilt . Guilt is irrelevant . Heartwarming . I 've set the parameters for the tachyon burst we 'll need to create a transwarp conduit . It will be several hours before the main deflector can be modified . I think it would be best if I waited in my alcove . I think you 're right . If I ever saw a job for the morale officer , it 's sitting right here . I 'll bet I can help . You 're facing a big challenge , Neelix . I enjoy a challenge . Is that supposed to make me feel better ? Blood pie , for the Day of Honor . How did you know about that ? Has Tom been talking to you ? Not at all . No , I - I make it a point to know these things . And if I 'm correct , many Klingon families traditionally serve blood pie on the Day of Honor . I appreciate the gesture , Neelix , but , um , I 've decided to ignore this particular tradition . No blood pie , no examining my behavior over the last year to see if I measure up to Klingon standards . Understood . Lieutenant ... without knowing why there 's a black cloud hanging over your head , may I suggest something ? Go right ahead . You have a ... bit of a temper ... that you keep reined in and sometimes , it builds up inside you until you explode at someone . I 'd say that about sums it up . I 'm offering to be a pressure valve . A what ? You may use me to blow off steam . When you 're angry , come see me , call me names insult me , question my parentage . I won 't take it personally , and you won 't need to keep things bottled up inside anymore . That may be the nicest offer I 've had in a long time . Thank you , Neelix . You 're sweet , but I 'm not sure I could do that to you . I 'm here if you need me . Neelix ... about this , um , Day of Honor . Do you think I should go through with it ? I 've always thought traditions were good things ... worth preserving . I 've been thinking a lot about ... the rituals that my mother taught me , and ... they don 't seem quite so hateful as they did when I was a child . Maybe being so far away from anything Klingon has changed me . It certainly can 't hurt to go through with the ceremony . I don 't know what effect it 'll have on me . That 's what 's frightening . All right . Bring on the blood pie . I can do this . Qapla ' ! What warrior goes there ? My name is B 'Elanna . Have you come to have your honor challenged ? I guess so . Yes . Are you willing to see the ceremony through to the end ? That 's the idea , isn 't it ? What do I do ? It will be a lengthy ordeal . First , you must eat from the heart of a sanctified targ . Pak lohr ! Yes ... the heart of a targ brings courage to one who eats it . Next , you will drink mot 'loch from the Grail of Kahless . Drink to the glory of Kahless , the greatest warrior of all time . Kahless defeated his enemies on the field of battle and built a mighty empire . How have you proven yourself worthy ? Um , I haven 't built any empires , and I can 't say that I 've personally defeated any enemies in battle , but you have to realize , I 'm not living among warriors . Then how do you expect to distinguish yourself ? I don 't know . I guess I 'm doing the best I can . Huh ! A pitiful reply . Let us proceed . A warrior must endure great hardship . To test your mettle , you will endure the Ritual of Twenty Painstiks . After that , you will engage in combat with a master of the bat 'leth . Finally , you will traverse the sulfur lagoons of Gorath . You know , I don 't think so . I didn 't want to do this before you described it . Certainly not now . I 'm leaving . Not until you have completed the ceremony , pahtk . Thanks so much . It 's been lovely . Come in . I tried to find you before , but you were on the holodeck . That 's right . You know , you left it running . There was a Klingon in there who didn 't look too happy . Really . Yeah , and he was nursing a whale of a black eye . Looks like he had a run - in with someone having a really bad day . That 's very funny . So , how 'd it go ? It didn 't . Do you mind if we talk about something else ? As a matter of fact , I do . You have been like a spitting cobra all day and it 's getting boring . You know , we designed that holodeck program together , and I think you owe me the courtesy of telling me what happened . It was ridiculous , meaningless posturing . Honor , dishonor- - what does it matter ? It matters because it 's part of who you are . You 've been running away from that your whole life . Who are you to tell me that ? I care about you , but if you 're going to keep pushing me away , then there 's no point in my staying around , is there ? Fine . Just leave me alone . Oh , don 't worry . If this is the way you treat people who try to be your friend , you 'll be alone , all right . There are over 200 people on our three ships alone . Every one of them suffers from malnourishment , but it 's been hardest on the children . Every parent sacrifices for their child , but even so , there 's not enough food . If you could hear the crying of the babies , you would have as much trouble sleeping at night as I do . Have you considered relocation to a planet where you could grow your own food ? Of course ... but we haven 't been welcomed anywhere . Because we have no resources , everyone treats us like vagrants , even criminals . We 're not unsympathetic , but we have limited supplies . We can 't possibly provide enough for all your people . Forgive me , but , from my perspective , you live in luxury . You don 't suffer from debilitating diseases . You have many sources of energy- - replicators . Your crew is very well fed . Apparently , keeping your bellies full is more important to you than helping those less fortunate . That 's unfair . These are the most generous people you could hope to meet , but if we gave supplies to everyone who asked , we wouldn 't have anything left . Neelix , how much food can we spare ? We could provide each ship with several hundred kilograms . Do it and check with the Doctor to see if he can spare any medical supplies . Aye , Captain . Thank you . May the gods smile on you and your crew . Tuvok , please escort our guest to the transporter room . I 've never navigated a transwarp conduit . Any problems I should be aware of ? You have no idea what you 're doing . If we attempt to enter one , I 'll have to take helm control . I am a quick study . What species is that ? She is a human who lived as a Borg . Borg ! She is disconnected from the collective . She won 't harm you . Where 's my wife ? Where are my children ? What did you do with them after you took them ? What did you do with my family ? Mr. Paris , please proceed . I lost everything- - my family , my home ... ! Sorry about that . About what ? Well , the way he reacted to you . He didn 't injure me . Good . There are many people on this ship who have similar feelings toward me . I 'm afraid you 're right . Does that bother you ? No . Well , I 'm not one of those people . We all have a past . What matters is now . I 'm uncertain what you 're trying to say . That ... if there 's any way that I can help you adjust to your life here on Voyager , please ask me . I will remember your offer . All systems are ready . We 're only going to take a peek . We open a conduit , get as much sensor data as we can , and then close it up . I want to take this one step at a time . I 've set up a temporary tachyon matrix within the main deflector . It 's on line . Engineering to the Bridge . We 're ready to start , Captain . Go ahead . We 'll monitor your progress from here . We 'll need to be at warp speed to create a large enough subspace field . I 'd like to reroute helm control to Engineering . Agreed . Janeway out . Take us past ... Past warp 2 . I know . We 're at warp 2 . 3 . All right . Vorik , start emitting the tachyons . Energizing the matrix . There 's no indication of a subspace field . I 'd recommend switching to a higher energy band . That did something . The subspace field is forming . Tachyon particles are leaking into the propulsion system ! Shut down the deflector . Done , but the leak is continuing . Janeway to Engineering . Tachyons are flooding the warp core , Captain ! If you can 't stabilize the core immediately , evacuate Engineering . Aye , Captain . I 'll get back to you . I 've cut all power relays , but the tachyon levels are still rising . All right . Everybody out ! Now ! That means you as well . I could be of help . That 's an order ! You can 't order me . I outrank you . We 've got to neutralize the core . I 'll try decoupling the dilithium matrix . No effect ! Try it again . It 's not working ! The core 's about to breach ! I 've got to try one more thing . B 'Elanna , there 's no time ! We 've got to get out of here ! Come on ! Computer , prepare to eject the warp core Authorization : Torres - omega - five - nine - three . Computer , eject the warp core . Torres to Janeway . Go ahead . We 've dumped the core . Welcome to the worst day of my life . Vorik , we have to get those impulse engines back on line . You and Nicoletti get started . Yes , Lieutenant . Report . We 're stopped dead . The warp core is millions of kilometers away by now and the impulse engines are seriously damaged . I can give you a few thrusters , but that 's about it . How long before I can have impulse power ? I can 't give you an estimate on that . We 're still assessing the damage . So much for opening a transwarp conduit . I sent the Borg back to her alcove . We won 't be needing her in here anymore . At least the core 's still intact . Tom . Take a shuttle and find it . See if you can tractor it back to Voyager . Yes , ma 'am . It 'll be unstable . It should be repaired before he tries to put a tractor beam on it . Well , then , you go with him . Do whatever you have to . Just get it back here in one piece . We 're getting near some random ion turbulence . I 'll change course to avoid it . I wonder what else can go wrong today ? If we get this core back , I 'm going right to bed and sleeping straight through till tomorrow . Get this day over with . Well , look at it this way- - how much worse could it get ? Having to dump the warp core has to be the low point of any day . Maybe it 's me . Maybe I 'm asking for this trouble somehow . Or maybe it 's just a string of bad luck . Sensors have picked up a polymetallic object . Could be the core . That 's the warp signature , all right , but there 's something else out there ... a ship . According to sensors , it has the same energy signature as the Caatati ships . Maybe they 're guarding it for us . Right . I see it . What do they think they 're doing ? They 're trying to put a tractor beam on it . This is the Shuttle Cochrane to the Caatati vessel . Please respond . Don 't come any closer . We 're performing a salvage operation . Oh , what a coincidence- - so are we . I 'm afraid we got here first . Don 't interfere or we 'll open fire . Don 't you realize that core is highly unstable ? If you try to tractor it like that , you could cause an antimatter explosion . They 're not answering . ldiots ! We have to stop them from destroying the core . I 'm going to try to disrupt their tractor beam . It 's working . What was that ? They sent an antimatter pulse back through our particle beam . Warning . Structural integrity field has been compromised . Now at 53 percent and falling . Hull breach in two minutes 20 seconds . Reroute power from the propulsion and weapon systems . Warning . Hull breach in two minutes , ten seconds . No effect . Warning . The structural integrity field has collapsed . Hull breach in two minutes . We have to get out of here ! Warning . Hull breach in one minute , 50 seconds ... Computer , send a distress call to Voyager . Give them our coordinates . Computer , respond . The com systems must be down . Transporters are still on line . Stand by to energize . Energize . Paris to Voyager . Do you read me ? Please respond . Paris to Voyager . It 's no use . The com system in these suits won 't carry that far . When they get the impulse engines repaired , they 'll come looking for us . Well , I don 't plan on just drifting here , hoping somebody will come along and rescue us . There must be something we can do . Agreed . If we could interplex the com systems in both suits , we might be able to create a phased carrier wave . Voyager would read the signature and know it 's from us . Good idea . Let me access your controls . I thought you 'd never ask . That 's it . This would be a lot easier if I had a hyperspanner . Hold still . Why is it we have to get beamed into space in environmental suits before I can initiate first contact procedures ? Why is it that if we 're alone for more than 30 seconds , you start thinking about contact ? Oh . That is not fair . The other day in Engineering , I must have gone ... four minutes before I started thinking about it . Okay ... I 'm ready to initiate the carrier wave . Sorry . Better ? Yeah . Let 's hope it 's still that strong by the time it gets to Voyager . Come in . Would you like tea or coffee ? I have no need to ingest liquids . I still receive energy from the Borg alcove . My understanding is that you 're almost ready to begin eating food . That is what the Doctor says . Why have you asked me here ? Whenever there 's an accident on the ship- - even a minor one- - we investigate it in order to minimize the chances of its happening again . A prudent course of action . I didn 't have a chance to talk to Lieutenant Torres before she left the ship , so ... I wanted to ask you some questions about what happened in Engineering . Sensor logs indicate that tachyons were leaking into the warp core . Do you have any idea how it started ? No . We had reconfigured the deflector shield to emit tachyon bursts . The procedure must 've triggered the leak . Who was controlling the tachyon bursts ? Ensign Vorik . What were you doing ? Monitoring the transwarp frequencies . And did you at any time access deflector control ? You believe I 'm responsible for the accident , that I deliberately sabotaged the ship . You 're like the others . You see me as a threat . I won 't lie to you . Part of me is suspicious . We 've dealt with tachyon fields before and never had this kind of problem . Captain , I am unaccustomed to deception . Among the Borg , it was impossible . There were no lies , no secrets , and I assure you I had nothing to do with the accident in Engineering . I believe you . Thank you . I am finding it a difficult challenge to integrate into this group . It is full of complex social structures that are unfamiliar to me . Compared with the Borg , this crew is inefficient and contentious . But it is capable of ... surprising acts of compassion . Unexpected acts of kindness are common among our group . That 's one of the ways we define ourselves . Is there anything more ? Yes . We still have to find out what caused the tachyon leak . Tell me what you remember about the power fluctuations in the propulsion system . This isn 't anything like the simulations we had at the Academy . They felt peaceful ... like floating in the womb ... but right now , I 'm feeling a little sick to my stomach . You dropped out too soon . ln the third year , there 's a six - week course of actual space walks , so you can get used to them . I never would 've lasted to the third year . If I hadn 't dropped out , they would 've asked me to leave . I wish I 'd known you then . You 'd have hated me . I can 't imagine a time I wouldn 't have found you fascinating . What the hell was that ? More ion turbulence . Warning . Oxygen level at 1 14 millibars . My oxygen supply is leaking . Warning . Oxygen level at 93 millibars . We 'll have to share mine . Are you getting air now ? Yes . Much better . Thanks . What 's wrong ? The turbulence must have damaged my suit , too . I should have at least 24 hours worth of oxygen , but there 's only about a half hour left . Engineering to Captain Janeway . Yes , Ensign . I 'm pleased to inform you that impulse power should be restored within the hour . Good news . Let me know as soon as the engines are on line . Yes , ma 'am . Captain , I believe I 've found the cause of the accident- - erratic fluctuations in the ship 's warp power . When tachyon levels rose to a resonant frequency , core pressure increased . Then it was an accident . Come in . Captain , we 've picked up a carrier wave with a Starfleet signature . I 'd guess it 's Tom and B 'Elanna , but they 're not answering our hails . They may be in trouble . As soon as we get impulse power ... Tuvok to the Captain . Can you come to the Bridge ? On my way . We 're being approached by an armada of Caatati ships . They 're hailing us . On screen . Hello , Captain . You 've brought some friends . Needy friends . We 're hoping you 'll offer us more supplies . I made it clear last time that we couldn 't possibly provide you with enough for all your ships . And I had to accept that because your ship is more powerful than ours , but the situation has changed , hasn 't it ? You seem to be at a disadvantage now . We have your warp core . You can 't escape . I 'm hoping that will make you more generous . We 've given you everything we can spare . Return the core , and we 'll be on our way . One of our ships might not seem threatening to you , but I assure you , 27 can inflict considerable damage . We are desperate . Prepare to send us food , weapons and your entire supply of thorium . And that Borg you 're protecting- - we want her , too . There are many who would enjoy a chance to repay one of them for what they did to us . I 'm lowering the oxygen ratio . That should give us a few more minutes . I 'm feeling ... kind of groggy . Oxygen deprivation . And you 're lowering it ? We have to try to make it last as long as possible . It 's ironic , isn 't it ? What ? Today ... the Day of Honor ... is the day that I 'm going to die . We are not going to die . Would you stop talking like that ? We have to face up to it , Tom . There 's something I 've been wanting to ask you . Well , now 's the time . When we first met ... you didn 't have a very high opinion of me . That 's putting it mildly . I thought you were an arrogant , self - absorbed pig . Flattery won 't get you any more oxygen . Do you think I 've changed ? A lot . Now you 're a stubborn , domineering pig . I 'm just kidding . There I go again ... just pushing you away . You were right about me . It 's what I do ... push people away . Well , it 's a surefire way of not getting hurt . What a coward I am . Shh ... Our weapons are more powerful than theirs . I say we fight . Maybe if we give them something . Like what ? I can 't imagine what would satisfy them now . I will go . They asked for me . If I surrender myself , perhaps they 'll let you leave . That 's very generous , but I will not turn you over to them . I was only offering to do what would be best for this group . You 're part of this group now and we 're going to protect you . It 's time to stop talking about this . Tom and B 'Elanna are in trouble and we have to find them . Tuvok , what 's the status of our weapons array ? Weapons are at the ready , Captain , but our shield strength is extremely low . We 'll have to shut down nonessential systems . Reroute power to the shields . We 're going to fight . That might not be necessary . Caatati technology is dependent on thorium isotopes . If they had enough , they could become self - sustaining . But we don 't have that much thorium to give them . When the Borg assimilated the Caatati , the survivors lost their ability to replicate the isotopes . But I have retained that knowledge . I could design an energy matrix that would produce thorium in large quantities . If you 've had this knowledge all along , why didn 't you say so ? I am not accustomed to thinking that way . Borg do not consider giving technology away , only assimilating it . And what do you suppose made you consider it now ? I am not certain . Maybe ... it was just an unexpected act of kindness . Work with Vorik to build the energy matrix , while I convince the Caatati there 's a better way out of this . This matrix will produce 944 grams of thorium per day . Now you can power all your systems and begin to rebuild your replication technology . Will you allow us to leave ? One device isn 't enough for all our ships . Using this matrix as a template , you can construct as many as you like . We can provide you with components and specifications . You 're free to go . And thank you . You 're welcome . Warning . Oxygen level at 104 millibars . Tom ... Come on . Open your eyes . Warning . Oxygen level at 87 millibars . I was having a dream . There 's something I have to say . Me , too . I 'm glad the last thing I 'll see is you . I 've been a coward about everything ... everything that really matters . No . You 're being a little hard on yourself . No . I 'm going to die ... without a shred of honor , and for the first time in my life , that really bothers me . So I have to tell you something . I ... Warning . Oxygen level at 71 millibars . I have to tell you the truth . The truth about what ? I love you . Say something . You picked a great time to tell me . Voyager to Tom Paris . Tom , do you read me ? Respond . We 're here . Prepare to beam aboard .
