 Captain 's Log , Stardate 51367.2 . We 've spent the last three days on the Mari homeworld . It 's been a while since we 've had the opportunity to make new friends and the crew seems to be making the most of our stay . Neelix . Tom . You 've been doing a little shopping . It 's a present for B 'Elanna . What is it ? Well , it 's sort of personal . Of course . Say no more . I 'm on my way for a little romantic rendezvous myself . Neelix ... are you wearing cologne ? Oh ... Talchok musk . Very enticing scent , don 't you think ? Well , uh , it certainly is ... musky . I 'm going to see Talli again . Ooh , that was fast work . Where 're you taking her ? Well , actually , I haven 't gotten that far yet . I 'm going to visit her shop , under the pretext of buying some produce for the ship , and then I thought I 'd just sort of segue smoothly into some dinner and dancing . Sounds like a good strategy . You really think so ? I mean ... you used to be quite the ladies ' man . " Used to be " ? Well , I mean , you 're involved now , so , of course , you won 't be availing yourself of all the beautiful , fascinating and very open-minded Mari women . Neelix , are you trying to depress me ? I just ... I haven 't been with anyone since Kes and I 'm feeling a little rusty . I ... I could use some advice . The best advice I can give you is to just be yourself . Right . Be myself . Actually ... that 's the second-best piece of advice . What 's the first ? Go a little easier on the musk . I 'm sorry , Mr. Guill , but that 's my final offer . Actually , Captain , I sense you 'd be willing to raise your price to 300 renns . Lieutenant Torres needs this resonator coil to upgrade Voyager 's communications systems . Telepaths . Wait a minute . I sense you 'd be willing to ... settle for 250 . You must have read my mind . Hey ! I 'm sorry . Are you hurt ? No , no , I 'm fine . I just wish people would look where they 're going . It 's been a pleasure doing business with you . I 'll finish up here . Why don 't you go get Neelix ? All right . This is some of the loveliest fruit I 've - I 've seen in a long time . Actually , it 's been one of our worst waterplum seasons in years . I don 't think you 'll find them very sweet . Mmm . Mmm . Oh , how wonderfully tart . Mmm . They 'll make excellent preserves . Neelix ? Hmm ? Why do you want me to tug on your whiskers ? Excu-excuse me ? That is what you 're thinking , isn 't it- - that you 'd like me to tug on your whiskers ? Well , as a m-matter of fact ... I 'd love to . Do you have time to wait until I close ? Yes , I think I can rearrange my schedule . I guess you could say I 'm becoming obsolete . ln what sense ? There 's virtually no crime left in our society . It took many years , but just walk through our streets . Look around . Violence no longer exists . Impressive . I 'm one of the last officers still working for the Constabulary . And no doubt one of the best . I 'm curious to know more about your crime-prevention methods . Under one condition : I want to see Voyager- - learn about your methods . I 'm about to perform my daily security rounds . Join me . They are routine but informative . Wonderful . The transport site is this way . You prefer speaking aloud . Why is that ? I 've grown accustomed to it over the years . There are very few telepaths in Starfleet . Whatever you prefer . Neelix ... ready to leave ? Uh , no , uh , you go ahead . I haven 't finished examining the produce . Help ! Help ! Somebody help me , please ! Stop him ! Help me ! This will teach you to watch where you 're going , you idiot ! You idiot ! Somebody get a doctor ! Why ? Why were you beating that man ? I don 't know . Your ... " brig . " It 's a puzzling concept- - shutting someone away as punishment . Do you find that it rehabilitates the prisoner ? The brig is primarily used as a means of ensuring the safety of others . ln what sense ? For example , if we find ourselves with a hostile alien in our custody , we may need to confine the individual until we can locate the proper authorities . I see . And on rare occasions , we have been forced to incarcerate a crew member who has committed a serious infraction . I 'm surprised that one of your people could be capable of doing something serious enough to warrant imprisonment . It 's extremely rare . ln any case , the brig has been occupied for less than one percent of our journey . Forgive me , Tuvok , but it seems ... barbaric . If all species were as enlightened as yours and mine , there would be no need for prisons . Bridge to Commander Tuvok . Go ahead , Ensign . Chief Examiner Nimira 's been recalled to the surface . There 's been some sort of attack in the marketplace . I 've never seen so much blood before . It 's all right . I heard about someone getting beaten once when I was a little girl . It 's all over now . I had nightmares for weeks . It 's okay . It 's all right . He was confused . He said he didn 't realize what he 'd done . I don 't understand why nobody tried to help him . People were shocked . Violence is almost unheard of here . But when it does occur , we like to investigate thoroughly . Can we help ? Yes . I would like you , Mr. Neelix and , uh , Lieutenant Torres to answer some questions . Well , you have our complete cooperation . Chief Examiner , are you suspicious of my colleagues for some reason ? No , Lieutenant . I 'm simply conducting an investigation . Please . Follow me . Please have a seat . I will be monitoring your thoughts telepathically during the interview . This transcription device will log your engramatic activity , so I can review your statement later . Let me get this straight . Not only are you going to read my mind , you 're going to record my thoughts . Yes . I guess it 'd be pretty tough to keep a secret from you , hmm ? How long had you been in the marketplace when the attack occurred ? One hour- - maybe a little longer . And exactly where were you standing ? Directly across the square . From where you were , did you have a clear view of the attack ? Uh , not at first . We just heard yelling . Then , as we got closer , we saw what was happening . What exactly brought you to the market in the first place ? Captain Janeway and I had an appointment with Mr. Guill . For what purpose ? We 'd met him the day before . He said he could get a spare resonator coil for us . I see . And the two men involved in the altercation- - had you seen either of them before ? I 'd never seen the victim ... but the attacker ... I think he was the same man who bumped into B 'Elanna . Bumped into her ? Are you certain ? Yes . They collided accidentally . When exactly did this happen ? Just as we 'd settled on the price . He seemed to be in quite a hurry . Do you recall what you were thinking at the time ? What I was thinking ? What does it matter ? Please ... try to remember . It may be important . I didn 't think about it much and no one was hurt , and I was busy trying to sort out the coins . I 'm not used to handling currency . What was I thinking ? I was thinking how I could bake a delicious pie with those waterplums . Are you sure that 's all , Mr. Neelix ? Yes , of course . What else would I be thinking about ? I suppose I was a little annoyed . Can you be more specific ? All right . I guess I was thinking my foot hurt . I mean , the idiot stepped right on it . Did you call him an idiot ? Of course not . But you thought it ? I guess so . Did you also think about retaliating ? It was an accident . But you said he hurt you . It didn 't occur to you to hurt him back ? I 'd never do that . But you thought about it . How am I supposed to remember ? Yes or no , did you think about hurting him ? Yes or no ? Well , maybe for a split second . Hey ! I mean , he should have been watching where he was going , but I realized that he didn 't do it on purpose so I shook it off and I left . Why ? What does it matter what I was thinking ? Lieutenant B 'Elanna Torres , you are under arrest . On what charge ? Aggravated violent thought resulting in grave bodily harm . Are you saying it 's a crime to think about violence ? Yes . That 's ridiculous . I assure you , it 's quite necessary . We were once a society plagued by violence . When we prohibited hostile thought , crime began to drop immediately . Over the past three generations , it 's all but disappeared . So you believe that it 's all right to tell people what they can and cannot think ? It 's an irrefutable fact that violent thoughts from others can lead to violent actions . Even if B 'Elanna had a violent thought , it was Frane who attacked that man . Which he only did because he telepathically received that thought from B 'Elanna . His mind was contaminated by the image , and it resulted in a loss of control . He may have committed the physical act , but it was instigated by you . Where we come from , people are responsible for their own actions . And here , people are responsible for their own thoughts . I 'm sure you can understand how that 's necessary for a race of telepaths . Yes , I can . Captain ! I 'll accept that your people can be influenced by the thoughts of others , but there were dozens of people in that square . How can you be certain it came from B 'Elanna ? The Mari no longer have violent thoughts . It 's unlikely any of them could have been responsible . Besides , the evidence against B 'Elanna is clear . She thought about committing a hostile act . I 'd like to review that evidence myself , if you don 't mind . Certainly . But I 'm afraid you 'll be disappointed . What happens to B 'Elanna now ? We have an enlightened penal system here . Unlike some , we don 't lock people away to punish them . You 'll be released ... once you 've undergone the engramatic purge . The what ? It 's a medical procedure that will identify and remove the offending images from your mind . Captain ! Once identified , the images can be removed from Frane 's mind as well . Memory extraction ... that 's a dangerous procedure . There is a risk of neurological damage , but it 's necessary for us to treat Frane . Will you at least delay the procedure until we 've had a chance to review the evidence ? Will you ? It 'll take us about a day to reconfigure our instruments . That 's all the time I can give you . That 's all the time I 'll need . Captain , we 've got to get B 'Elanna out of there . You know the rules , Tom . We can 't pick and choose which laws we 'll respect and which we won 't . Nobody can be expected to control their thoughts . Tell that to the Mari . Are you just going to let them put her through this process ? I 'm doing everything I can to stop it . Neelix is going to file a diplomatic protest and Tuvok and I will be going over the witness statements . Maybe we can poke a few holes in the Chief Examiner 's case . And if you can 't ? Then let 's hope the Doctor can figure out how to reverse an engramatic purge . All away personnel have been notified to return to the ship as soon as possible . So much for RR . Chakotay , we 've got to talk . Have a seat . Here ? I 'm sure the Captain wouldn 't object . What 's on your mind ? While Tuvok and the Captain are reviewing the evidence , B 'Elanna 's sitting in a Mari jail cell waiting for some sort of lobotomy . We can 't let that happen . What did you have in mind ? Break her out . And risk an all-out confrontation with the Mari ? They 're a bunch of pacifists . They 're no match for us . You 're probably right , but before we start resorting to extreme measures , don 't you think we should give the Captain a chance to find a legal solution ? By the time that happens , it may be too late . I 'll tell you what . Why don 't you come up with a rescue plan- - one that minimizes the possibility of violence- - and I 'll review it . You 're just trying to keep me busy , aren 't you ? Can you blame me ? I 'm serious about this , Chakotay . So am I. If your plan is sound , and the Captain doesn 't have any luck on her end , I 'll recommend we attempt the rescue . Thanks . I 'll get right on it . Tom ... I may have let you sit in the Captain 's chair , but remember , she 's still the boss . Then you don 't accept the Chief Examiner 's conclusion ? I 'm not dismissing it , but I 'm not going to accept it blindly either . I 've spent a great deal of time with Nimira over the past few days . She clearly is a very skilled investigator . I 'm sure she is . And this isn 't the first time Lieutenant Torres' violent proclivities have created problems . No argument there . But I have a hard time buying that one fleeting thought makes her responsible for a vicious attack . From what I 've learned , crime here is a result of exposure to violent thought , much as it was on Vulcan before my people learned to control their emotions . ln my opinion , the Mari should be applauded for their efforts . Oh , I 'm sure their intentions are admirable , but , uh ... I 'm not about to let them scramble B 'Elanna 's brain without a fight . But we must prepare ourselves for the probability that she will turn out to be culpable for the crime . Maybe so ... and then again ... maybe not . Take a look at this . I don 't mean to accuse your friend Nimira of being less than thorough , Tuvok , but don 't you find that just the least bit curious ? " New evidence " ? It concerns the attacker , Mr. Frane . According to your own security records , he was arrested on four previous occasions for harboring violent thoughts . You classified him as an " habitual perpetrator of hostile images . " True . But those thoughts were purged each time . He spent years in neurogenic restructuring . The records also say he was cured . Still , it is possible that Frane had a relapse ... that he alone is responsible for his actions at the marketplace . Possible , but unlikely . Our engramatic scans of Frane show that Lieutenant Torres 's thought was prevalent in his mind during the attack . And you are certain no other violent thoughts were present ? I 'm beginning to feel like I 'm the one being investigated . I am simply exploring all logical options . As a fellow law enforcement officer , you should understand that . I do . And I 'm willing to share my findings with you . But if you 're trying to prove your crewmate 's innocence , you 're too late . The case is closed . Do you think that this is easy for me ? I don 't want to harm B 'Elanna , but I don 't have a choice . That thought has to be contained . Otherwise , we risk further violence , maybe even a citywide panic . You told me your people spent centuries learning how to control their violent impulses . I know we haven 't achieved your level of discipline , but we 're trying . I thought you 'd understand . I am not judging your culture . ln fact , I admire it . I have enjoyed your company in particular , but I cannot abandon my responsibility to B 'Elanna . I must continue my own investigation . Go right ahead . But I intend to proceed with the engramatic purge . Telepathy ... I don 't like it . Never have . It 's bad for negotiations , it 's bad for relationships and it 's certainly been bad for B 'Elanna . The fault was her own . What are you talking about ? She was careless with her thoughts . The result was violence . B 'Elanna 's not used to being around telepaths . That doesn 't make her guilty . Then her crime was ignorance- - a common affliction among your crew . What 's that supposed to mean ? You make contact with alien species without sufficient understanding of their nature . As a result , Voyager 's directive to " seek out new civilizations " often ends in conflict . What you call " ignorance , " we call " exploration ... " and sometimes it means taking a few risks . But it 's certainly better than assimilating everything in your path . Your goal is to share knowledge . Assimilation is the perfect means of attaining that goal . " Perfect . " Good morning , Miss Tembit . Your usual selection ? Yes , please . Okay . Oh , I 'm - I 'm so sorry . Hey ! ldiot ! Watch what you 're doing ! She 's dead . I can 't believe she 's dead . I know this is difficult for you , Mr. Neelix , but try to recount for me everything that happened . Seven and I were packing to return to the ship . We heard a scream . I went running ... The old lady was just standing over Talli 's body , holding the bloody knife in her hand . I didn 't even get a chance to say good-bye . Did the old woman say anything ? Not that I remember . She was as shocked and confused as anyone else . Do you think this is somehow connected with the other attack ? I 'm not certain , but it strikes me as more than coincidence that two violent altercations have occurred within two days , in a city which purports to have eliminated virtually all crime . Bridge to Commander Tuvok . Tuvok here . Chief Examiner Nimira wants to see you . She 's requesting permission to transport aboard . Permission granted . Have her escorted to the briefing room . Tuvok out . We will continue later . Commander . She was a wonderful young woman . Whoever 's responsible for her death- - find them , and see that they 're brought to justice . I will do my best , Mr. Neelix . Thanks for seeing me . I heard what happened . Do you have any idea what caused this latest attack ? I just finished interviewing the old woman . And ? She attacked the victim in response to the same violent thought that motivated the previous beating . B 'Elanna 's thought ? But both she and Frane are in custody . How could the thought have been passed to anyone else ? I don 't know . That 's why I 'm here . I need your help . Then you shall have it . Thank you . I don 't know why that thought is still contaminating people , but I have got to put a stop to it . I 've never dealt with a murder before , but you 've had experience with homicide investigations ? I have . I thought I would start by tracing the old woman 's whereabouts for the past few days to see where she might have encountered the thought . A wise choice . ln the meantime , I would like to interview B 'Elanna more extensively . Perhaps a fresh perspective might uncover facts you hadn 't considered . I 'll arrange it immediately . I 'm not sure I like the idea of a mind-meld any better than an engramatic purge . It will be a limited meld . I will focus exclusively on your memories of the events surrounding the crime . It poses no danger . Are you ready ? Your mind to my mind . Your thoughts to my thoughts . Recall your encounter with Mr. Frane . He bumped into you . What happened next ? I guess that 's when I had the thought about hitting him . And after that ? Guill came over and asked if I was hurt . And what were you thinking at that moment ? Why ? I 'm sensing something more to the encounter than what you 've told me . Try to recall . It may be important . Well , he was just holding me by the shoulders . You said he 'd been reading your mind during the negotiation . Was he still doing it ? I don 't know . You experienced negative feelings about him . He gave me the creeps . ln what sense ? He ... wanted something . Something terrible . What the hell ? Why didn 't I remember that before ? You may be recalling an unconscious thought you had at the time or an intuition . Perhaps I should ask Mr. Guill . Mr. Guill . I 'm Commander Tuvok , Voyager 's Chief of Security . My children get upset when I 'm late for supper . If you 're here to do business , we could make an appointment for tomorrow . I 'm here to talk to you about the attack . Why me ? My crewmate , Lieutenant Torres has been charged with the crime . I believe you 're acquainted with her . Lieutenant Torres , yes . She was arrested ? The Chief Examiner believes it was her violent thought , which prompted the beating . She seemed like such a pleasant young woman . Apparently , she was almost knocked over while doing business with you . Do you recall that ? Yes . A man accidentally ran into her and ... You 're not like the others from your ship , are you ? You 're a telepath . That is correct . Why are you so curious about what happened ? I am conducting my own investigation of the crime . I see . For a moment , I thought you had another reason for asking . You ... struggle with violent thoughts as well . Terrible images , but they 're hidden deep within your mind . I am in control of those images . All members of the Vulcan race learn to inhibit emotions . If my unconscious thoughts are disturbing you , I will attempt to suppress them further . No , please . Don 't trouble yourself . I can 't see them clearly enough to be affected . I sense that you are fascinated with my unconscious thoughts . That you would like to see more of them if you could . No . I was just thinking maybe I could help you . Help me ? ln learning how to deal with these ... dark impulses . No , thank you . I have sufficient means of controlling them . I 'm sure you do . Any other questions ? No . Then , if you 'll excuse me , I really can 't be late for the table . Do you have the money ? 3 , 000 renns . I have something exciting for you tonight . Why are you following us ? I was thinking about what you said ... your interest in my unconscious thoughts . Perhaps we could help each other . How would we do that ? By telepathically exchanging violent images . That is what you want , isn 't it ? To see what 's buried in my unconscious ? Who is he ? Quiet . Why should I trust you ? Because you know we are very much alike . Perhaps I was mistaken . Wait . Maybe we can be of use to each other . But you 'll have to get rid of this . Come back later , Malin . If I 'm right , I 'll have thoughts to share that are darker than anything you can imagine . Well ? Fascinating . Now ... show me . I 'll need a few moments to recover . I 'm surprised you 're so easily tired . Your telepathic abilities are strong . It is not often that I exercise those skills . There must be violent thoughts to be had from your shipmates , whether they want to share them or not . After all , they couldn 't stop a telepath from probing their minds , could they ? Is that how you acquire your merchandise ? Sometimes I buy . Sometimes I find a person like you who 's willing to share , and , yes , when the opportunity presents itself , I take what I need . Which is what you did to Lieutenant Torres . Frane took her thought , not me . So , you know Mr. Frane . Only casually . Well enough to be in business with him ? Why do you ask ? I am interested in the thought he acquired from B 'Elanna- - her violent tendencies have always fascinated me , yet I 've never succeeded in probing her mind . If you could help me purchase that thought ... It 's impossible . Frane 's already had it purged . Odd . I was certain you possessed it . Me ? Didn 't you extract the thought from B 'Elanna as well , just after she collided with Frane ? What ? I reevaluated B 'Elanna 's memories of the incident . She remembers that you probed her mind . She remembers incorrectly . Perhaps ... or perhaps you did extract that image , which would explain why that same thought is still in circulation- - why it prompted a murder this morning . Enough . It 's time you gave me what you promised . The only person you 'll be sharing thoughts with tonight is the Chief Examiner . Where are you going ? Stand aside . Tuvok 's taking me into custody . No ! Still no sign of him . Try a multiphasic bio-scan . We 're being hailed , Captain . It 's Nimira . On screen . Chief Examiner , have you had any luck locating Tuvok ? I 'm afraid not . I 'd like to send a search party . I can 't allow that . Why not ? We can 't risk further violations of our laws . That 's ridiculous . Tom ... I really don 't think we pose a serious threat . There 's nothing more to discuss . Lieutenant Torres will be purged then returned to you . Captain , you can 't let them do that . The decision 's been made . I 'm sorry . Let go of me ! B 'Elanna , please ... try to relax . Oh , you have got to be kidding ! Sedate her . No . Wait ! Proceed . You won 't escape punishment for your crimes . Quiet ! You are responsible for a death . I never meant that to happen . The old woman begged me for that thought . I had to help her . Here . You are justifying murder . Enough . Malin , hold him still . Now ... show me . You 're holding back . I haven 't seen the best of it yet , have I ? No . Then show me . If I show you , will you let me go ? Yes . Come closer . Don 't be alarmed . This will allow you to see the deepest recesses of my mind . My mind ... to your mind and my thoughts ... to your thoughts . Yes . Good . This is the side of you I wanted to know . What 's ... happening ? We are locked in a Vulcan mind-meld . You don 't understand the truth of violence . Its darkness ... its power ! Please ... stop . lncrease the electrochemical displacement , but be very careful with the synaptic potentials . One miscalculation and we could permanently damage her cerebral cortex . Communications Center to Chief Examiner Nimira . Nimira . Captain Janeway insists on speaking with you . She says it 's extremely urgent . Relay her signal . What is it , Captain ? It 's imperative that you discontinue Lieutenant Torres ' engramatic extraction immediately . Commander Tuvok has found new evidence , which proves her innocence . I hope this interruption is justified . Suspending an engramatic purge once it 's begun is highly irregular . Then let 's not waste any more time . Commander . I have discovered that Guill and Frane are responsible for the beating in the marketplace , and consequently , for Talli 's murder . Guill , the merchant ? That is correct . What possible involvement could he have ? It was Frane who acted on the violent thought . That is not in dispute . However , Lieutenant Torres ' thought was not transferred accidentally . I don 't understand . When Guill first met Lieutenant Torres , he sensed strong , violent tendencies within her , a potential for mental imagery which interested him . ln order to exploit that potential , he conspired with Frane to provoke B 'Elanna . They wanted to trigger a violent thought , so they could telepathically draw it from her mind . I can 't believe that . It is precisely what happened . Unfortunately , they underestimated the intensity of the thought . It was more powerful than anything either of them had ever experienced . As a result , Frane lost control and attacked the victim . Why would peaceful men like Guill and Frane want to subject themselves to such hostile images ? My investigation has uncovered a rather disturbing side of Mari society- - a black market if you will , in which many of your citizens trade in illicit mental imagery . Guill is a very prominent figure in this underground , or was , until I brought him into custody . Why would any of my people want to indulge in that kind of behavior ? Apparently , outlawing violent thought hasn 't made it go away . All you 've done is force people to share it in back alleys . It seems you have a somewhat more ... serious problem than the random thoughts of a single alien . Even if I believed you , I 'm not sure anyone else would . Then I suggest you interrogate Guill yourselves . His engramatic record will undoubtedly confirm what I 've told you . Where is he now ? We have him confined in our brig . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Chief Examiner Nimira has taken custody of Mr. Guill . Whether his arrest will lead to reforms in the Mari justice system is anyone 's guess . ln the meantime , the Doctor is treating Lieutenant Torres and Commander Tuvok . Fortunately , the Mari didn 't get very far with the procedure . You can return to duty , Lieutenant , though perhaps with one or two fewer violent engrams in that fiery head of yours . It 's all right , Doc . There are plenty more where those came from . Duly warned . Thanks for getting me out of there . I was merely pursuing the truth . So if I was responsible for passing that thought , you would have let them lobotomize me ? It is incumbent upon us to respect the laws of the societies we visit . So ... you still a fan of the Mari legal system ? My views have been somewhat modified . Then you 're not going to lecture me about losing my temper ? If you must know , investigating this case has given me a new respect for your inner struggle . Really ? Burdened as you are by your primitive Klingon psyche , it is a wonder you are able to keep your violent thoughts under control as much as you do . Thanks ... I think . You 're welcome . Of course , there are various Vulcan techniques which could help you increase your self-control . You don 't say . Come in . I must speak with you . Of course . Have a seat . I prefer to stand . I keep forgetting . You once encouraged me to express my opinions if I had something relevant to say . Go right ahead . You wish to return this vessel to the Alpha Quadrant , and yet you are following Starfleet protocol regarding first contact . The two objectives are incompatible . How so ? Your philosophy of exploration exposes Voyager to constant risk . If you maintain a direct course , to Earth and avoid all extraneous contact with alien species , it will increase your chances of survival . Well , that would make a dull ride home . Captain ? We seek out new races because we want to , not because we 're following protocols . We have an insatiable curiosity about the universe . Your Chief Engineer and Security Officer were nearly lost today . That is unacceptable . To you , maybe , but not to me or my crew . Our experience with the Mari gave us an insight into a culture we 've never encountered . But that is irrelevant . No . It 's how we gain knowledge . Then we are in disagreement . Good . I dread the day when everyone on this ship agrees with me . I thank you for your opinion , but our mission is not going to change . Dismissed .
