 It 's not as difficult as it looks . The first rule is : Don 't be afraid of the clay . I fear nothing . I mean you can 't concern yourself with making a mistake , or whether the image you had in your mind is what 's taking form in front of you . You just have to let your hands- - and the clay- - do the work . Here . Go ahead . I think the nose could be a little stronger . Well , that 's a start . Keep going . This activity is truly unproductive . The end result has no use . No necessary task has been accomplished . Time has been expended , nothing more . That depends on how you look at it , doesn 't it ? I find sculpting helps me unwind , relax . The concept of relaxation is difficult for me to understand . As a Borg , my time was spent working at a specific task . When it was completed , I was assigned another . It was efficient . Well , so is this . It helps my own efficiency to forget about Voyager for awhile . I 'd be embarrassed to show Maestro Leonardo something like this , but ... I get a great deal of pleasure in working the clay ... in creating something . But why here , in this simulation among these archaic objects and this disorganized environment ? Frankly , it 's refreshing to take myself out of the 24th century every now and then . And a little disorganization can be very encouraging to the imagination . You might want to try it sometime . Are you suggesting that I create one of these holodeck programs ? You might find it interesting . It 's a way of exploring aspects of yourself that probably didn 't fit into your life as a Borg- - imagination ... creativity ... fantasy ... I am uncertain why these things are necessary . Well , they aren 't necessary , Seven , but they 're an important part of one 's life because imagination frees the mind , it inspires ideas and solutions and it can provide a great deal of pleasure . Human progress ... the human mind itself couldn 't exist without them . When I was a child , I studied these drawings . I even built some of these models . Da Vinci was always a great inspiration to me . He was a very busy man . Oh , yes , a prolific artist and a scientist as well . Far , far ahead of his time . That design , for example . He conceived of an airplane centuries before one was actually built . Seven ? You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . Your distinctiveness will be added to our own . Annika ! You will be assimilated . You will be assimilated . Seven , what is it ? I don 't know . It 's happened three times now in different locations , at different times of the day . I experience a series of disjointed images in my mind . Can you be more specific ? Were these hallucinations ? I don 't know . I 've never hallucinated . It 's as if I were aboard a Borg vessel , but ... but I was frightened . I felt fear . Each experience is similar- - I 'm pursued by the Borg . They want to assimilate me . I 'm ... I 'm running from them , and then ... and then , each time , I see ... a bird . A bird ? Yes , a large , black bird , flying toward me , shrieking ... attacking me . Hmm . Your hippocampus is in a state of agitation . What does that mean ? As your human physiology continues to reassert itself , psychological symptoms are bound to manifest in a variety of ways- - through dreams , hallucinations , hypnagogic regression ... Hypnagogic regression ? Flashbacks . You could be experiencing some sort of post-traumatic stress disorder . That makes sense . You were assimilated by the Borg . You 've gone through an intense , prolonged trauma . I was not traumatized . I was raised by the Borg . I don 't see them as threatening . Why would I experience fear ? I don 't know . Will I keep having these flashbacks ? I 'll need to study your neural scans further . In the meantime , your digestive system is fully functional . Now is as good a time as any for you to begin taking solid and liquid nutrients . Oral consumption is inefficient . And unnecessary , if you 're lucky enough to be a hologram . But your human physiology requires it . I 'll draw up a list of nutritional requirements . Take it to Mr. Neelix in the Mess Hall . I hesitate to inflict his cooking on you , but it 'll have to do . I do not enjoy this sensation . Something is happening to me and I don 't know what it is . It 's as though I 'm being driven somehow . Chakotay to the Captain . Go ahead . Our guests have arrived . They 're being escorted to the briefing room . On my way . Representatives of the B 'omar . I 've been trying to negotiate passage through their space , but so far , they 've been difficult to deal with . I hope they 've had a change of heart . I 'll stay here and wait for the Doctor 's instructions . We 'll help you through this , Seven . You 'll be all right . Have you had a chance to consider our request ? Congratulations , Captain . Against our better judgment , the B 'omar Sovereignty has agreed to grant your vessel passage through our territory . On behalf of my crew , thank you . That will cut three months off our journey . However , there are a few stipulations- - guidelines that you must adhere to . You 'll have our complete cooperation . We expect nothing less . While in our space , your vessel will not exceed warp 3 and your weapon systems will remain off-line . You will avoid unnecessary scans and you will not conduct surveys of any kind . You will make no attempt to explore our space , and you will avoid all communications with nonmilitary craft . We 've also plotted the course your vessel is to follow . It 'll take us weeks to follow that course . If not months . We 've designed this course so that your ship would avoid our populated systems and industrial areas . Deviation is not recommended . There are a total of 17 checkpoints where you will submit your vessel for inspection . Chancellor Gauman , if I may interrupt . I appreciate your efforts in plotting this flight plan , but , if we could , I 'd like to negotiate a course that 's a little more ... direct . Well , what an unexpected pleasure . Welcome to the Mess Hall . Would you like me to show you around ? My physiology has reasserted the need to process solid nutrients . The Doctor has prepared a list of dietary requirements . You will provide them for me . Let 's see what we have here . 250 grams glycoproteins consisting of 53 percent polypeptides and 26 percent fibrous glycogen ... Ugh ! Doesn 't sound very appetizing . However , a plate of my chadre kab should satisfy most of these essentials , while providing a pleasurable culinary experience at the same time . Pleasure is irrelevant . Well , I beg to differ . A good meal involves much more than simply providing the proper nutrients . Why is that ? Uh , well , it 's a ... There 's a certain satisfaction that comes from eating food that 's been carefully prepared . I 'm sure once you try it , you 'll understand . Now , how would you like your chadre kab ? Boiled ? Baked ? Stir-fried ? Preparation is irrelevant . Is irrelevant- - maybe . Maybe not . This is the first time ingesting food for you for quite awhile . We 'll go a little easy on your stomach- - steamed . Yes ... This , uh ... this recipe has been in my family for generations . It 's considered a delicacy among my people . You are Talaxian . Guilty as charged . Species 218 . Well , I suppose so . Your biological and technological distinctiveness was added to our own . I hadn 't realized that . A small freighter , containing a crew of 39 , taken in the Dalmine Sector . They were easily assimilated . Their dense musculature made them excellent drones . Well ... lucky for you , I guess . Your nutrients . Follow me . Please . Please what ? It 's customary to sit while eating . Uh , is something wrong ? I am unaccustomed to this . Borg do not sit . Well , this is a day of firsts , then , isn 't it ? Now ... take a bite . Uh ... try that one . Just kind of , uh ... scoop some up . That 's the way . Right into your mouth , just like a little scout ship flying into a shuttle bay . Take it out . Keep your mouth closed . That 's right . Now , you chew- - chew , chew , chew , chew , chew . And swallow . Uh , swallow . Uh ... Curious sensation . You 'll get used to it . Have some more . May I bring you something else ? A soothing cup of tea , perhaps ? You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . Did you see that ? What about this course ? It 's a marginal adjustment . The nearest populated system is more than three light-years away . Definitely not . You 'd pass directly through the Agrat-Mot Nebula , a key resource in our trade negotiations with the Nassordin . I could chart the nebula - try to avoid ... - No , no . Are your translators malfunctioning ? Captain Janeway to the Bridge . If you 'll excuse me . Report . I 've received an alert from Security . Seven of Nine attacked Neelix in the Mess Hall and three other crewmen on Deck 2 . Janeway to Seven of Nine . Seven , if you can hear me , respond . What 's her location ? Deck 6 , Section 28-Alpha . Take a security team . Captain ... what is happening here ? I wish I knew , Chancellor . Chakotay , seal off Deck 6 . Seven of Nine . Security to Captain Janeway . We 've just seen Seven of Nine . Her Borg shields are fully operational and they 've adapted to our phasers . Acknowledged . Bridge to all security personnel . Configure your weapons to a rotating modulation , but keep them on " stun . " Borg ? You have Borg on your ship ? It 's not what you think . She is a member of my crew . We liberated her from the collective . She 's no longer a Borg . Then why is she equipped with Borg shields ? I don 't know . She 's able to cross through the security fields . She 's entering the armory on Deck 6 . Deck 10 . She 's in a turbolift . Cut power to the turboshafts . She 's blocking my commands with a Borg encryption code . Janeway to Tuvok . Seven 's apparently headed for Deck 10 . Can you get there before she does ? I 'm moving into position now , Captain . We 'll take position here . Lower your weapon and stand down . Fire . Tuvok to Bridge . We were unsuccessful . I have wounded . She 's moving toward Junction 32-Alpha . The Shuttle Bay . I 'm erecting a force field . Harry , reroute all available power to Deck 10 . Done . She 's accessing transporter control . She used a site-to-site transport . She 's in a shuttlecraft ... powering engines . Seal the launch doors . Tractor beam ! No effect . She 's remodulated the shuttle 's shield harmonics . Captain . Seven 's headed directly into B 'omar space . She 's gone to warp . She 's masked the shuttle 's ion trail . I 've lost her signal . She 's gone . We 'll do everything in our power to find her , but we will need permission to enter B 'omar space to track her shuttle effectively . Let 's tally the events , shall we ? First , you arrive uninvited and unwelcome , requesting a shortcut through our space . Then you proceed to unleash some sort of rogue Borg and now you want us to help you get it back . I apologize for what 's happened here , but we certainly didn 't " unleash " anyone . We can resolve this situation quickly , gentlemen , if we work together . Captain Janeway , after what I 've seen here , I question your competence . May I remind you that you 're still on my ship . And you are only one vessel among many of ours . Your Borg will be dealt with quickly and efficiently . It 's being tracked as we speak . Tracked ... how ? Every vessel , every object , every particle of dust that crosses our borders is immediately identified and traced by our perimeter grid . The Borg will be found ... and destroyed . Chancellor ... There will be no sharing of information . From this point on , your vessel will maintain a distance of at least five light-years from our borders . Any deviation will be considered an act of aggression . Commander , escort our guests to the transporter room . Captain 's Log , supplemental . I 've assembled a team to analyze every square meter of the cargo bay . This has essentially been her quarters for the past two months . I 'm determined to find something here that might shed some light on Seven of Nine 's actions . You 're taking this kind of hard , aren 't you ? What 's that supposed to mean ? We had a working relationship . Well , what 's that supposed to mean ? It 's not what you 're thinking . What am I thinking , Harry ? Never mind . Take a look at this . Anything ? It 's a Borg data-link . It contains a succession of log entries written in Borg alphanumeric code . I 'm getting pretty good with the Borg language . I think I can translate them . Get on it . It seems we 've made quite an impression on the B 'omar . In the last hour , they 've doubled the number of ships patrolling their borders , and they 've increased the sensitivity of the perimeter grid by 36 percent . So much for diplomacy . The Doctor analyzed the data from Seven of Nine 's last transport . He 's found something he wants us to see . Maybe this was inevitable . Even if Seven did want to stay on Voyager , her Borg nature may have won out . We can remove implant after implant , but maybe at her core , she 'll always be part of the collective . No . I won 't accept that . Deck 5 . She was responding to us- - interacting with people outside of the collective for the first time . She was adapting to this environment and to this crew . But where is she going ? We 've scanned space for a distance of 40 light-years . We 've found no evidence of Borg ships , so she can 't be trying to rejoin the collective . She may plan to take the shuttle back to Borg space . 10,000 light-years from here ? I don 't think so . No . Something else is going on . We 're missing a piece of the puzzle . In the meantime , the B 'omar intend to find her , and if they do , she 'll probably resist them . One more reason for us to find her first . What have you found , Doctor ? Something most peculiar . This graphic represents the matter conversion data from Seven of Nine 's last transport . If you 'll notice , there 's a high concentration of Borg organelles in the bone marrow and lymphatic tissue . The dormant nanoprobes in Seven of Nine 's cells have reasserted themselves . Taken over blood cell production , and they 're growing new Borg implants . 13 percent of the Borg technology I removed three weeks ago has regenerated in a matter of hours . You said the nanoprobes in her bloodstream were dormant . What reactivated them ? I don 't know . But I 've developed a way to stop the process . This hypospray contains a genetic resequencing vector . It should neutralize the nanoprobes . That means someone needs to get close enough to do it . Report . We 've analyzed the B 'omar perimeter grid . It 's sophisticated , but not without its vulnerabilities . It might be possible to penetrate the grid by recalibrating our shields to match its frequency . The trick is going to be our energy signature . Voyager 's too big to hide , but a shuttlecraft with the proper shield modulation and its engines powered down could drift right through without so much as a peep . Nice work , gentlemen . Proceed . The Doctor 's genetic resequencer should keep her sedated until you get back to the ship . Once you 've penetrated the perimeter , there will be no further communication with Voyager . You 'll be on your own . Captain , it is possible that Seven will adapt to the resequencer . I know . If it fails and you 're unable to reason with her ... you have my authorization to stop her ... with any force necessary . Understood . Seven of Nine , grid nine-two of subjunction 12 . You will be assimilated . Borg drone , you have committed an infraction against the B 'omar Sovereignty . Cut power to your engines and lower your shields . Prepare to be boarded . You will proceed no further . We will not ... I 'm detecting weapon signatures ... Federation and B 'omar . Five B 'omar vessels are adrift ... heavily damaged . Life signs are stable . I 've located Seven 's shuttle . It 's 2.5 million kilometers from here . Adjust course to intercept . The implants in Seven 's body are disrupting the transporter signal . I can 't get a lock . See if you can remodulate our transporters to match her shields . You want to beam in there ? Yes . I don 't think that 's such a good idea , Tuvok . Close quarters ... Borg against Vulcan . No offense , but you don 't stand a chance if she decides to put up a fight . It 's my hope that the element of surprise will work in my favor . Do you have a better idea ? Come to think of it , no . She 's charging weapons . Set my coordinates for the aft compartment . Ready . Energize . Come on , Tuvok . Give me a sign . Warning . Propulsion systems are off-line . Damn ! That 's a level-5 force field , Lieutenant . I suggest you be more careful . Why have you left Voyager ? I am Borg . You were Borg ... but you 're human now . You are part of our crew . For a brief time , I was human . But I have come to realize that I am Borg . I will always be Borg . What prompted this realization ? Every Borg ship is coded to emit a distinct resonance frequency to guide drones who have become separated from the collective . A homing beacon . Yes . I am following a signal . A Borg vessel is waiting for me . We 've scanned this entire region for Borg . There are none . You 're wrong . They are here . Vulcan . Species 3259 . Your enlarged neocortex produces superior analytical abilities . Your distinctiveness will be added to our ... Seven ? No . I will not assimilate you . Once I have returned to the collective , you will go back to Voyager and tell Captain Janeway what 's happened to me . Thank her for her patience ... for her kindness . Curious . Your behavior demonstrates affection and sentiment . Traits of humanity ... hardly Borg . You have been experiencing hallucinations , flashbacks ? Yes . Does that usually occur when a resonance signal is activated ? No . Seven of Nine , grid nine-two of subjunction 12 . But I can hear them ... calling me . I 'm frightened . That 's understandable . Lower the force field . We can return to Voyager and find out what 's happening to you . I am your shipmate . We can return to Voyager together . I must rejoin the collective . Captain 's Log , supplemental . I 've been trying to retrace Seven of Nine 's footsteps ... her actions during the last few days , but I 'm still no closer to understanding what 's happened . Captain ? Am I disturbing you ? Not at all , Harry . I 've managed to decipher Seven 's log entries . And ? There 's nothing that indicates she was planning to leave the ship . The entries are pretty unremarkable . She describes her daily routines the number of hours spent regenerating , that sort of thing . There were some personal log entries , mostly observations about the crew 's behavior . I 'm mentioned in quite a few of them . Apparently , she finds my behavior easy to predict , whatever that means . Don 't take it personally . Coming from Seven , that 's probably a compliment . Uh , the most recent entries are kind of strange . Descriptions of bizarre images , almost like a record of her dreams . The hallucinations ? Maybe so . Sometimes she 's in a Borg vessel running ... or hiding behind a bulkhead , falling down a shaft . Borg everywhere , chasing her . Nightmarish stuff . What about this ... bird ? She mentions it several times . It flies at her , shrieking . I don 't know what it means . " The feathers are black . " Wingspan approximately one half meter . " The eyes are yellow " and it has a powerful triangular beak . When it looks at me ... " " I am paralyzed . " I cannot move . " It seems to know me , " but I don 't understand how that 's possible . " It 's merely a bird , an inferior form of life , but the sight of it fills me with fear . " It sounds like she 's describing a member of the ... Corvidae family , like a crow or ... Or a raven . She 's describing a raven . Why is that important ? Because now I know what to look for . Chakotay , calibrate our long-range sensors to scan for any Federation signature other than our two shuttlecraft . - Captain ? - Do it . Bring the ship about , Ensign , and lay in a course for B 'omar space . Aye , Captain . The resonance signal is coming from the lunar surface . The Borg are waiting for me there . I don 't know why I 'm frightened . They are my people . If you are afraid , then leave this place . Once I have been reintegrated into the collective , my fears will disappear . Deactivate the force field . I will accompany you to the surface . You don 't need to go alone . You would be assimilated . I don 't believe so . I think the situation is not what it appears . What do you mean ? What else could it be ? I am uncertain , but I am willing to go with you to the surface to find out . Voyager to Paris . Paris here , Captain . Glad to hear your voice . Tuvok is with Seven of Nine . I haven 't been able to establish communication with him since he transported to her shuttle . I 've tracked them to an M-Class moon orbiting the fifth planet of a yellow dwarf star . I 'm picking up an unusual resonance signal from the surface . It 's erratic . I haven 't been able to identify it . Acknowledged . We 've detected several B 'omar ships closing in on your position . What 's your condition ? Warp engines are off-line . Shields are at 50 percent . Try to locate them , Tom . We 're on our way . The signal 's getting stronger . They 're here . I 'm sure of it . This way . If you wish , we can return to the shuttle . No . I have to find out . What is it ? It 's a Federation vessel partially assimilated by the Borg . There are no life signs . Tritanium decay suggests it has been here for nearly 20 years . This vessel is familiar . This is the signal that 's drawn me here . Annika ! Run , Annika ! Run ! Hide ! Papa ? Help me . No ! No ! Seven , I 'm here . Listen to me . Come . It happened here . This is where it began . This is where I was assimilated . This was our ship . We lived here . We lived here for a long time . My father did experiments . They were very important and we had to travel a long way . I had my birthday here . My cake had six candles on it and ... and one more to grow on . And then the men came . Papa tried to fight them , but they were too strong . I tried to hide . Maybe they wouldn 't find me because I was little . But they did . And then Papa said we were going to crash and ... the big man picked me up ... and then suddenly , we weren 't on this ship anymore . We were somewhere else . And then I became Borg . Fascinating . This resonance signal must have been active since the ship was assimilated and Voyager passed within range . The ship is under attack . The B 'omar . The ship will collapse . We must get out of here . The B 'omar still aren 't responding to our hails . Standing by to fire . Target their weapon systems . Tom , what 's your status ? I 've located Tuvok and Seven , but there 's a lot of interference . I 'm attempting to lock onto them now , Captain . This way . Are you all right ? I am undamaged . This was the only way to the hatch . Perhaps there is another way out . There 's a hull rupture in the forward compartment . It may provide a means of escape . Start digging . Quickly . We 've disabled two of their ships . The third is still firing at the surface . We 're being hailed , audio only . You 're committing an act of war , Captain . You 've left me no choice , Councilor . Reinforcements are arriving . You will be destroyed ... I don 't have time for this . Target their weapons array . Seven , I need your help . I 've got them , Captain . We 're on our way back to Voyager . Acknowledged . Good work . I 'm detecting a fleet of B 'omar vessels approaching . 68 ships . Ensign , as soon as Mr. Paris 's shuttle has docked , take us out of B 'omar space . Warp 8 . Aye , sir . Looks like there won 't be any shortcuts this time . There you are . I wanted to tell you that the Doctor said he could adjust one of your implants so that you won 't receive any more homing signals . Thank you . I hope you don 't mind that I activated this program . Not at all . I 've been thinking about what you said ... that this was a place to encourage your imagination . Is that appealing to you ? I 'm not certain . I find myself ... constructing scenarios , considering alternative possibilities . What if my parents and I had not encountered the Borg ? What would our lives have been ? I would have been raised by them , learned from them . They would have influenced what I became- - who and what I am . And you ... would have done the same for them . If you 'd like to know more about your parents , there 's information in the Federation database . Information ? It seems they were fairly well-known . For being unconventional and for some rather unique scientific theories . You might like to read what 's there . It might ... encourage your imagination . Perhaps I will . Someday . Good night , Captain .
