 Senators , consider the opportunities for the Empire . At last , the destinies of the planets Romulus and Remus will be united . Shinzon of Remus is offering us a chance to make ourselves stronger than ever before . It would be madness to reject it . I beg you not to let prejudice or politics interfere with this Alliance . By joining Shinzon 's forces with ours , not even the Federation will be able to stand in our way . That 's enough ! The decision has been made . The military does not dictate policy on Romulus . The Senate has considered Shinzon 's proposal and rejected it . He and his followers will be met with all deliberate force and sent back to that black rock they came from . Do I make myself clear ? Yes , sir . If you will excuse me , Praetor , I have an appointment with the Tholian Ambassador . Of course . Senators , are there any others who wish to speak ? Then I call for a vote on the motion to open trade negotiations with Celes II . As you know , the Reman mines have not been filling their quotas for months now . I hope you will all bear in mind the Trade Committee 's findings . As much as we don 't want ... Would someone alert Security ? Bring back Senator Tal 'aura . Duty . A starship captain 's life is filled with solemn duty . I have commanded men in battle . I have negotiated peace treaties between implacable enemies . I have represented the Federation in First Contact with 27 alien species . But none of this compares with my solemn duty today ... as best man . Now , I know on an occasion such as this , it is expected that I be gracious and fulsome in my praise on the wonders of this blessed union . But have the two of you considered what you are doing to me ? ! Of course , you 're happy , but what about my needs ? This is all a damned inconvenience . I mean , while you are happily settling in on the Titan , I will be training my new First Officer . You all know him . He 's a tyrannical martinet who will never , ever allow me to go on away missions . That is the regulation , sir . Starfleet Code Section 12 , Paragraph Four ... Mr. Data ? Sir ? Shut up . Yes , sir . 15 years I 've been waiting to say that . No , seriously . Will , Deanna , there 's still time to reconsider . Yes ? - No . - No . No ? Oh , very well , then . Will Riker , you have been my trusted right arm for 15 years . You have kept my course true and steady . Deanna Troi , you 've been my guide and my conscience . You have helped me recognize the better parts of myself . You are my family . And in best maritime tradition , I wish you both clear horizons . My good friends ... make it so . The bride and groom ! To the bride and groom . You ever think about getting married again ? No . 23 was my limit . Worf ? Are you all right ? Romulan ale should be illegal . It is . That was a lovely toast . It was from the heart . And you needn 't worry . I 'm going to brief your new Counselor on everything she needs to know . Oh , like hell you are . You already know too much about me . But I take it that there will be no speeches during the ceremony on Betazed . No , no speeches and no clothes . Ladies and gentlemen , and invited Tran gendered species ... in my study of Terran and Betazoid conjugal rites , I have discovered it is traditional to present the happy couple with a gift . Given Commander Riker 's affection for archaic musical forms , I have elected to present the following as my gift in honor of their conjugation . Conjugation ! Never saw the sun Shining so bright Never saw things Going so right Noticing the days Hurrying by When you 're in love My , how they fly Oh , blue skies Smiling at me Irving Berlin ... Nothing but blue skies Do I see ... It 's tradition , Worf . You , of all people , should appreciate that . I will not do it ! Won 't do what , Mr. Worf ? Captain , I do not think it is appropriate for a Starfleet officer to appear ... naked . Oh , come now . A big , handsome , strapping fellow like you ? What can you be afraid of ? Captain , I am picking up an unusual electromagnetic signature from the Kolarun system . What sort of signature ? Positronic . It 's very faint , but I 've isolated it to the third planet in the Kolarun system . What do we know about it ? Uncharted . We 'll have to get closer for a more detailed scan . Theories ? Since positronic signatures have only been known to emanate from androids such as myself , it is logical to theorize there is an android on Kolarus III . Just what I was afraid of . Captain ? Diverting to the Kolarus system takes us awfully close to the Romulan Neutral Zone . It 's still well on our side . I think , uh ... I think it 's worth taking a look . Don 't worry , Number One . We 'll still have you to Betazed with plenty of time to spare . Thank you , sir . Where we will all honor the Betazoid tradition . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'll be in the gym . Mr. Branson , lay in a course for the Kolarun system . Warp five . What do you think , Data ? A long-lost relative ? I 'm reading six distinct positronic signatures spread out over a few kilometers on the planet 's surface . What do we know about the population on Kolarus III ? Isolated pockets of humanoids . It appears to be a prewarp civilization at an early stage of industrial development . Captain , I wouldn 't recommend using the transporter . That ion storm doesn 't look very neighborly . It could head in our direction without much warning . Understood . Data , Mr. Worf . You 're with me . Captain , I don 't have to remind you ... I appreciate your concern , Number One . But , uh , I 've been itching to try the Argo . I 'll bet . Captain 's prerogative . There 's no foreseeable danger . And your wife would never forgive me if anything were to happen to you . You have the Bridge ... Mr. Troi . I will always be puzzled by the human predilection for piloting vehicles at unsafe velocities . Over that rise , sir . Half a kilometer . The radiant electromagnetic field is interfering with my tricorder but we are within a few meters of the signal . Fan out . Let 's search around . It appears to be a robotic arm . Very astute . Mr. Worf , bring it to the vehicle . This doesn 't feel right . The final signature is approximately 100 meters to the north , sir . It 's you . The resemblance is striking . - Fascinating . - Fascinating . To the vehicle . I think it 's time to try some unsafe velocities . Why do you have a shiny head ? This is not the appropriate time for a conversation . Why ? Because the Captain has to concentrate on piloting the vehicle . Why ? - Because ... - Data ! Sorry , sir . Have I said something wrong ? Data . Valve transfer initiated . You know , all things considered , Data I think you have nicer eyes . Our eyes are identical , Doctor . So what have we got , Geordi ? Well , I 'd say he has the same internal mechanics as Data but not as much positronic development . The neural pathways aren 't nearly as sophisticated . I 'd say he 's a prototype . Something Dr. Soong created prior to Data . Do you have a name , sir ? I am ... B-4 . B-4 . Dr. Soong 's penchant for whimsical names seems to have no end . Can you tell us how you came to be on the planet where we found you ? I do not know . Do you remember anything of your life before you were on the planet ? No . Why does the tall man have a furry face ? Number One , keep me informed and , uh , Geordi , reassemble him . Aye , sir . B-4 , do you know who I am ? You are me . No . My name is Data . I am your brother . Tea , Earl Grey , hot . Captain , you have an alpha priority communication from Starfleet Command . Acknowledged . Admiral Janeway , how good to see you again . Jean-Luc , how 'd you like a trip to Romulus ? With or without the rest of the fleet ? A diplomatic mission . We 've been invited , believe it or not . Seems there 's been some kind of internal political shakeup . The new Praetor , someone called Shinzon has requested a Federation envoy . New Praetor ? There 's more . He 's Reman . Believe me , we don 't understand it either . You 're the closest ship , so I want you to go and hear what he has to say . Get the lay of the land . If the Empire becomes unstable , it could mean trouble for the entire Quadrant . Understood . We 're sending you all the intelligence we have , but it 's not much . I don 't need to tell you to watch your back , Jean-Luc . Hardly . The Son 'a , the Borg , the Romulans ... you seem to get all the easy assignments . Just lucky , Admiral . Let 's hope that luck holds . Let 's hope that luck holds . Janeway out . Helmsman , lay in a new course . Take us to Romulus , warp eight . Aye , aye , sir . Course plotted and laid in . Romulus ? I 'm afraid the Opal Sea will have to wait , Number One . Engage . As you can see , one side of Remus always faces the sun . Due to the extreme temperatures on that half of their world , the Remans live on the dark side of the planet . Almost nothing is known of the Reman homeworld although Intelligence scans have proven the existence of dilithium mining and heavy weapons construction . The Remans themselves are considered an undesirable caste in the hierarchy of the Empire . But they also have a reputation for being formidable warriors . In the Dominion War , Reman troops were used as assault forces in the most violent encounters . Cannon fodder . Yeah , but how did a Reman get to be Praetor ? I don 't get it . We have to assume he had Romulan collaborators . Coup d 'etat ? Praetor 's power has always been the Romulan fleet . They must have been behind Shinzon for him to have overthrown the Senate . What have we learned about Shinzon ? Starfleet Intelligence was only able to provide a partial account of his military record . We can infer he is relatively young and a capable commander . He fought 12 major engagements in the war , all successful . Beyond that , we know nothing . Well , it seems as though we are truly sailing into the unknown . Keep at it . Anything you can give me will be appreciated . Dismissed . I still can 't believe the Captain went along with the memory download . Captain Picard agrees that the B-4 was probably designed with the same self-actualization parameters as myself . If my memory engrams are successfully integrated into his positronic matrix , he should have all my abilities . Yeah , but he would also have all of your memories as well . You feel comfortable with that ? I feel nothing , Geordi . It is my belief that with my memory engrams , he will be able to function as a more complete individual . An individual more like you , you mean . Yes . Maybe he 's not supposed to be like you , Data . Maybe he 's supposed to be exactly the way he is . That might be so , but I believe he should have the opportunity to explore his potential . Hmm . Okay , we 're done . B-4 , do you know where you are ? I am in a room with lights . Can you remember our father ? Our father ? Yes , Dr. Soong . No . Do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel ? Captain ... No . Data , he 's assimilating a lot of programming . Remember , he 's a prototype , a lot less sophisticated than you are . We just don 't know if his matrix will be able to adapt . We really need to give him some time . Geordi , what purpose does this serve ? What ? This . That 's a redundant memory port . Maybe the provisional memory storage is in case his neural pathways overload . Do you mind if I keep him here for a while run a few diagnostics ? No , I do not mind . Data . No . You must remain with Commander La Forge . He is going to try to help you . Captain 's Log , Stardate 56844.9 . The Enterprise has arrived at Romulus and is waiting at the designated coordinates . All our hails have gone unanswered . We 've been waiting for 17 hours . Counselor ? They 're out there , sir . Captain , I recommend we raise shields . Not yet , Mr. Worf . Captain , with all due respect to diplomatic protocol , the Federation Council isn 't sitting out here ; we are . Patience . Diplomacy is a very exacting occupation . We will wait . Captain ... Raising shields . - No ! - Captain ... Tactical analysis , Mr. Worf . 52 disruptor banks , 27 photon torpedo bays primary and secondary shields . She 's a predator . We are being hailed . On screen . Enterprise , we are the Reman Warbird Scimitar . Praetor Shinzon , I 'm pleased ... I am not Shinzon . I am his Viceroy . We are sending transport coordinates . Not very chatty . Away team to Transporter Room 4 . I hope you 'll forgive the darkness . We are not comfortable in the light . Praetor Shinzon ? Captain Picard . Jean-Luc Picard . I 'd always imagined you a little taller . Isn 't that odd ? You may scan me without subterfuge , Commander Data . You are not as we imagined you . No ? You are human . Why have you asked us to come here ? Praetor ? I 've never met a human woman before . I 'm only half human . Deanna Troi ... of Betazed . Empathic and telepathic abilities , Ship 's Counselor ... all this I knew , but I never knew you were so ... beautiful . You seem quite familiar with our personnel . Oh , I am , Commander Riker . May I touch your hair ? We came to Romulus on a matter we were assured was of great importance . If you have anything to say to us as representatives of the Federation , I suggest you do it now . Yes . I 'm sorry , Captain . There is so much we need to talk about . I would be interested to know what we are talking about . Unity , Captain . Tearing down the walls between us , to recognize that we are one . I 'm talking of the thing that makes us the same ... peace . We want peace . Right now , you 're thinking , " This all sounds too good to be true . " But you 're also thinking that the chance for peace is too promising to ignore . Am I right ? Yes . Then perhaps it 's time to add some illumination to our discussion . Computer , raise the lighting four levels . When I was very young , I was stricken with an odd disease . I developed a hypersensitivity to sound . Even the slightest whisper caused me agony . No one could do anything about it . Finally , I was taken to a doctor who had some experience of Terran illnesses and he diagnosed me with Shalaft 's syndrome . Do you know of it , Captain ? Yes . Then you know it 's a very rare syndrome . Genetic . Apparently , all the male members of a family have it . Eventually , I was treated , and now I can hear as well as you can , Captain . I can see as well as you can . I can feel ... everything you feel . In fact , I feel exactly what you feel ... don 't I , Jean-Luc ? Come to dinner ... tomorrow on Romulus , just the two of us . Or should I say ... just the one of us ? I think you 'll be wanting this . Till tomorrow then , Captain . We have much to discuss . Computer , return lighting to previous level . There 's no doubt , Captain ... right down to your aggressive strain of Shalaft 's syndrome . He 's a clone . They probably used a hair follicle or a skin cell . Why ? I intend to find out , Number One . Inform Starfleet of the situation . I need to know where the hell he came from . Counselor . We supported you , Shinzon , when you assassinated the Senate . You told us the timing was perfect for an attack on the Federation . I don 't understand why now , you delay . You don 't have to understand . And bringing the Enterprise here ... What possible purpose could that serve ? I have a purpose . Then perhaps you 'll enlighten us . Silence from you ! You really must learn patience , Commander . Spend 18 hours every day under the lash of a Romulan guard , and you 'll soon understand patience . Now go . Commander Donatra . Please , remain . There 's a word I want you to consider : allegiance . It 's something I demand from those who serve me . Do I serve you ? Yes . And I think , faithfully . Commander Suran , on the other hand ... gives me pause . Here 's another word , Praetor : trust . Do you trust me ? How far does that trust extend ? How ... deep does it go ? What must a Commander do to prove herself faithful to you ? What must a woman do ? You ... are not a woman . You are a Romulan . Serve me faithfully , and you will be rewarded . Keep those lovely eyes on Commander Suran . And at the first sign of treachery ... Dispose of him . Then you will have proven yourself . Now go . And , Commander ... if you ever touch me again ... I 'll kill you . The Romulans had somehow gained possession of your DNA and I had been created . And when I was ready , they were going to replace you with me ... put a Romulan agent at the heart of Starfleet . It was a bold plan . What happened ? As happens frequently here on Romulus ... a new government came to power . They decided to abandon the plan . They were afraid that I might be discovered , that it would lead to war . Not quite the face you remember . Not quite . A lifetime of violence will do that . They broke my nose my jaw ... but so much is the same . The eyes ... Surely you recognize the eyes . Yes . Our eyes reflect our lives , don 't they ? And yours are so confident . So I 'm not as tall as you expected . Well , I had always hoped I might hit two meters . As had I. How did you end up on Remus ? They sent me there to die . How could a mere human survive the dilithium mines ? Not that it mattered , as I was no longer part of their plans against the Federation . In those terrible depths lived only the damned . Together with the Reman slaves , I was condemned to an existence of unceasing labor and starvation under the brutal heel of the Romulan guards . Only the very strongest had any hope of survival . I was only a child when they took me . Then I didn 't see the sun or the stars again for nearly ten years . The only thing the Romulan guards hated more than the Remans was me . But one man took pity on me . The man that became my Viceroy . He protected me from the cruelty of the guards and taught me how to survive . And in that dark place where there was nothing of myself I found my Reman brothers . They showed me the only true kindness I have ever known . You 're doing this to liberate the Remans ? That is the single thought behind everything I have done ... from building the Scimitar at a secret base to assembling my army finally coming to Romulus in force . I knew they would never give us our freedom . I would have to take it . And how many Romulans died for your freedom ? Too many . But the point is , that finally the Empire is realizing that there is a better way . And that way is peace . You don 't trust me . I have no reason to . You have every reason . If you had lived my life and experienced the suffering of my people you would be standing where I am . And if you had lived my life , you would understand my responsibility to the Federation . I cannot allow my personal feelings to unduly influence my decisions . All I have are my personal feelings . I want to know what it means to be human . The Remans have given me a future , but you can tell me about my past . I can tell you about my past . Were we Picards always warriors ? I think of myself as an explorer . Well , were we always explorers ? I was the first Picard to leave our solar system . It caused quite a stir in the family . But ... I 'd spent my youth ... Looking up at the stars dreaming about what was up there . About ... New worlds . I 'm trying to believe you , Shinzon . If there is one ideal that the Federation holds most dear it is that all men ... all races can be united . What better example than a Starfleet captain standing in the Romulan Senate . Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friendship ... in time ... when that trust has been earned . Captain , we have had an unauthorized access into the main computer . Source ? It 's going to take some time to figure that out , Captain . The data stream was rerouted through substations all over the ship . What programs were accessed ? Well ... that 's what I can 't figure out . It 's mostly just basic stellar cartography . Star charts , communications protocols , some uplinks from colony tracking stations . It 's not even restricted material . Nevertheless , we must learn the source . Keep me informed . Captain , there 's something else . I was reviewing the sensor logs . Look at this . When the Scimitar de-cloaked there was a momentary spike in the tertiary EM band . There . You 're not going to believe this . It 's thalaron . I thought thalaron radiation was theoretical . Which is why our initial scans didn 't pick it up , but he 's got it , Captain . Thalaron research was banned in the Federation because of its biogenic properties . It has the ability to consume organic material at the subatomic level . I can 't overestimate the danger of thalaron radiation , Jean-Luc . A microscopic amount could kill every living thing on this ship in a matter of seconds . I understand . Keep on it . I want to know what he has and how we can neutralize any threat . I need options . This was a mistake . We 're wasting time . My time . And I shall spend it how I choose . Do not forget our mission , Shinzon . We must act now . We 'll return to the Scimitar . I was merely curious about him . Come . Beverly , come in . Remember him ? He was a bit cocky as I recall . He was a damned fool . Selfish , ambitious very much in need of seasoning . He turned out all right . I really wanted to believe Shinzon . But this thalaron radiation just can 't be explained away . Whatever he 's after , it isn 't peace . Is he very much the way you were ? Oh , yes . Data to Captain Picard . Go ahead , Data . Captain , Geordi and I have identified the source of the unauthorized computer access and I believe we have found a way to gain a tactical advantage . On my way . Will ... as Ship 's Counselor , I recommend you get some sleep . Some honeymoon . Come to bed . Imzadi . Imzadi . No . He can never know you as I can . He can never touch you as I can . This isn 't real . Feel my lips . I 'm with you , Imzadi . I 'll always be with you now . No ! - This isn 't real . - Deanna ... what 's the matter ? - No . - Deanna . Deanna . Deanna ! No ! The bond has been broken . Find her again . Praetor , we 've received the transponder signal . It 's accelerating . You have no more time for games . Have the doctors prepare . Transport . Begin the download . Tea . Hot . Aside from slightly elevated levels of adrenaline and serotonin , you 're perfectly normal . Deanna ... can you describe it ? It was a ... It was a violation . Shinzon 's Viceroy seems to have the ability to reach into my thoughts . I 've become a liability . I request to be relieved of my duties . Permission denied . If you can endure more of these assaults , I need you at my side , now more than ever . The Enterprise is far from Federation space and ... Worf ! Shields up ! Hello , Jean-Luc . Why am I here ? Why have you done this ? I was lonely . What are you going to do ? I need a sample of your blood . What is it your Borg friends say ? " Resistance is futile . " Oh , yes ... the android . The bait you couldn 't refuse . All of this so you could capture me . Don 't be so vain . After we found it , we had to make a few modifications . An extra memory port , a hidden transponder . I 've now gained access to Starfleet 's communications protocol . I now know the exact location of your entire fleet . You may go . Where ? Out of my sight . What is all this about ? It 's about destiny , Picard . It 's about a Reman outcast . You 're not Reman . And I 'm not quite human . So what am I ? My life is meaningless as long as you 're still alive . What am I while you exist ? A shadow ? An echo ? If your issues are with me , then deal with me . This has nothing to do with my ship ... nothing to do with the Federation . Oh , but it does . We will no longer bow before anyone as slaves not the Romulans and not your mighty Federation . We are a race bred for war and conquest . Are you ready to plunge the entire Quadrant into war to satisfy your own personal demons ? It amazes me how little you know yourself . I 'm incapable of such an act ! You are me . The same noble Picard blood runs through our veins . Had you lived my life , you 'd be doing exactly as I am . So look in the mirror . See yourself . Consider that , Captain . I can think of no greater torment for you . Shinzon . I 'm a mirror for you as well . Not for long , Captain . I 'm afraid you won 't survive to witness the victory of the echo over the voice . His cloak is perfect . No tachyon emissions , no residual antiprotons . Keep at it , Geordi . Find a way in . Praetor Shinzon needs the prisoner . About time , Mr. Data . My mission was a success , sir . I have located the source of the radiation . This entire ship is essentially a thalaron generator . Its power relays lead to an activation matrix on the Bridge . It 's a weapon . It would appear so . What about the download ? Shinzon believes he has our communication protocols but they will give him inaccurate locations for all Starfleet vessels . Good work . Sir . Geordi supplied me with a prototype of the emergency transport unit . I recommend you use this , sir , to return to the Enterprise . It will only work for one of us . Yes , sir . We 'll find a way off together . It is time for the procedure . Move , puny human animal . A bit less florid , Data . Kill him . This way , sir . There is a shuttlebay 94 meters from our current position . There it is , sir . Go ! Data ! It appears to have an encrypted security system . Alacrity will be appreciated , Commander ! Reman is a most complex language , with pictographs representing certain verb roots ... While I find that fascinating , Data , we really need that door open ! According to the ship 's manifest they are Scorpion-class attack flyers . Data , what do you imagine this is ? Port thruster , sir . Would you like me to drive , sir ? Data , can you open the shuttlebay doors ? Negative , sir . They have erected a force field around the external portals . Well , then , only one way to go . Do you think this is a wise course of action , sir ? We 're about to find out , Data . Power up the disruptors . Ready , Captain . Fire . Tractor beam , now ! Worf , lock on transporters . I have them , sir . This has gone far enough . I thought we discussed patience , Commander . Mine is wearing thin . We supported you because you promised action , and yet , you delay . The Enterprise is immaterial . It won 't even make it out of the Neutral Zone . And in two days , the Federation will be crippled beyond repair . Does that satisfy you ? For the moment . And when I return , you and I shall have a little talk about showing proper respect . What 's happening to his face ? Commander , a moment . Are you truly prepared to have your hands drenched in blood ? He 's not planning to defeat Earth . He 's planning its annihilation . And his sins will mark us and our children for generations . The more I studied his DNA , the more confusing it got . Finally , I could come to only one conclusion . Shinzon was created with temporal RNA sequencing . He was designed so that , at a certain point , his aging process could be accelerated to reach your age more quickly . He was engineered to skip 30 years of his life . But when the temporal sequencing wasn 't activated , his cellular structure started breaking down . He 's dying . Dying ? Can anything be done for him ? Nothing except a complete transfusion from the only donor with compatible DNA ... you . How long does he have ? I can 't say for sure but the rate of decay seems to be accelerating . Then he 'll come for me . Brother , I ... cannot move . No . I have only activated your cognitive and communication subroutines . Why ? Because you are dangerous . Why ? You have been programmed to gather information that can be used against this ship . I ... do not understand . I know . Do you know anything about Shinzon 's plans against the Federation ? No . Do you have any knowledge of the tactical abilities of his ship ? No . Can I move now ? No . What are you doing ? I must deactivate you . For how long ? Indefinitely . How long is tha ... ? A long time , brother . It 's called a Cascading Biogenic Pulse . The unique properties of thalaron radiation allow the energy beam to expand almost without limit . Depending on its radiant intensity , it could encompass a ship ... or a planet . He would only have built a weapon of such scope for one reason . He 's going after Earth . How can you be certain ? I know how he thinks . Destroy humanity , you cripple the Federation . The Romulans invade . No way of penetrating his cloak ? No . So he could pass within ten meters of every ship in Starfleet and they 'd never know . We do have one advantage , though . He needs your blood to live . He might come after you first . I 'm counting on it . We 've been ordered to sector 1045 . Our fleet has been diverted to meet us there . Strength in numbers . Yes . At least , that 's what we hope . He must not be allowed to use that weapon . All other concerns are secondary . You understand me ? Yes , sir . All hands ... battle stations . Initiate the force field . Captain 's Personal Log , supplemental . We 're heading toward Federation space at maximum warp . The crew has responded with the dedication I 've come to expect of them . And like a thousand other commanders on a thousand other battlefields , I wait for the dawn . How long ? A matter of hours . We must begin the procedure now . How long until we reach the Rift ? Seven minutes . Data , what 's our current position ? How soon until we reach the fleet ? At our current velocity , we will arrive at sector 1045 in approximately 40 minutes , sir . " For now we see but through a glass darkly . " Sir ? He said he is a mirror . Of you , sir ? Yes . I do not agree . Although you share the same genetic structure , the events of your life have created a unique individual . If I had lived his life , is it possible that I would 've rejected my humanity ? The B-4 is physically identical to me , although his neural pathways are not as advanced . But even if they were , he would not be me . How can you be sure ? I aspire , sir , to be better than I am . B-4 does not ... nor does Shinzon . We are passing through the Bassen Rift , sir . The projection will return when we have cleared it . It 's interfering with our uplink from Starfleet cartography ? The Rift affects all long-range communica ... Commander Riker , evasive maneuvers . Target weapon systems and shields . I don 't want the Enterprise destroyed . Can you learn to see in the dark , Captain ? Report . He 's firing through the cloak . We can 't get a lock . He disabled our warp drive with his first shot . We only have impulse , Captain . Mr. Worf , prepare a full phaser spread . Zero elevation . All banks on my mark . Scan for shield impact . Stand by , photon torpedoes . Aye , sir . Fire . You 're too slow , old man . Attack pattern Shinzon Theta . We are losing dorsal shields ! Full axis rotation to port . Fire all ventral phasers . Minimal damage to the Scimitar . Defensive pattern Kirk Epsilon . Get the shields on line , Geordi . I 'm already on it . Counselor Troi , report to the Bridge . Captain ... we are being hailed . On screen . Captain Picard ... will you join me in your ready room ? You can 't trace my holographic emitters , Captain , so don 't bother . And you can 't contact Starfleet . It 's just the two of us now , Jean-Luc . As it should be . Why are you here ? To accept your surrender . I can clearly destroy you at any time . Lower your shields and allow me to transport you to my ship . And the Enterprise ? I have little interest in your quaint vessel , Captain . Look at me , Shinzon . Your heart , your hands ... your eyes are the same as mine . The blood pumping within you ... the raw material is the same . We have the same potential . That 's the past , Captain . It can be the future . Buried deep within you , beneath all the years of pain and anger , there is something that has never been nurtured . The potential to make yourself a better man . And that is what it is to be human . To make yourself more than you are . Oh , yes . I know you . There was a time you looked at the stars and dreamed of what might be . Childish dreams , Captain , lost in the dilithium mines of Remus . I am what you see now . I see more than that . I see what you could be . The man who is Shinzon of Remus and Jean-Luc Picard could never exterminate the population of an entire planet . He 's better than that . He is what his life has made him . Then , what will you do with that life ? Waste it in a blaze of hatred ? There is a better way . It 's too late . Never , never . You still have a choice . Make the right one now . I can 't fight what I am . Yes , you can . I 'll show you my true nature . Our nature . And as Earth dies , remember , I will always forever be Shinzon of Remus . And my voice shall echo through time long after yours has faded to a dim memory . Two ships de-cloaking , sir . Romulan . Captain . Just when I thought this couldn 't get any worse . We are being hailed . On screen . Captain Picard , Commander Donatra of the Warbird Valdore . Might we be of assistance ? Assistance ? The Empire considers this a matter of internal security . We regret you 've become involved . Commander , when this is over , I owe you a drink . Romulan ale , Captain . Let 's get to work . You heard the lady . Let 's go to work . Mr. Worf , coordinate our attack with the Valdore Tactical Officer . Triangulate all fire on any shield impact . Aye , sir . Aft shields down to 40 percent . Keep our bow on the Scimitar . Auxiliary power to forward shields . Aye , sir . Target the flanking warbird . All forward disruptor banks on my mark . Forward shields down to 10 percent . Bring us about . Drop cloak on the aft port quadrant . Prepare for full emergency stop . What ? You heard me . He 's losing his cloak . Stand by all forward disruptor banks . She 's almost on us . Not yet . Praetor ! Full stop ! Fire ! Restore the aft cloak and bring us about . I 'm afraid that drink will have to wait , Captain . Do you have life support ? For the moment . But we 're dead in the water . Understood . We are losing structural integrity on decks 12 through 17 , sections four through ten . Emergency force fields are holding . Evacuate those decks and reroute field power to forward shields . Captain ... I think I may have a way to find them . Prepare for a lateral run . All starboard disruptors . What is it ? What is it ? She 's here . He 's resisting me . No ! Remember me . Now ! Fire at will . Prepare a boarding party . Bring me Picard . You . Get the cloak back ! Target all shield coordinates , beta three . All disruptors , fire . Captain , we 've lost central shielding on deck 29 . Divert all power and compensate . Intruder alert . Number One . Let 's go . Security detail to deck 29 . The Romulans fought with honor . Yes , they did , Mr. Worf . Worf , cover me . Medical team to the Bridge . ... functioning on reserve power only . Did you check the system status ? Report . We have exhausted our complement of photon torpedoes . Phaser banks are down to four percent , sir . What if we targeted all our phasers in a concentrated pattern ? The Scimitar 's shields are still at 70 percent . It would make no difference , Captain . We have damage on all decks . What 's he doing ? He wants to look me in the eye . We 've got him . He thinks he knows exactly what I am going to do . Geordi , divert all power to the engines . Take it from life support , if you have to . Give me everything you 've got . Ready , Captain . We are being hailed , sir . Deanna , stand by . Open a channel . I hope you 're still alive , Jean-Luc . Oh , yes , I am . Don 't you think it 's time to surrender ? Why should the rest of your crew have to die ? Shinzon , I don 't think I ever told you ... about my first Academy evaluation . In particular , I was thought to be extremely overconfident . Captain , as much as I enjoy listening to you talk , I really think ... On my mark , Deanna . All hands , brace for impact . Engage . Hard to port ! Divert all power to the engines . Full reverse . No ! Reconfiguring now . Computer , stand by auto-destruct sequence Omega . Recognize voice pattern Jean-Luc Picard . Authorization : Alpha-Alpha-3-0-5 . Auto-destruct is off-line . Disruptors are not functional , sir . Deploy the weapon . Kill everything on that ship . Then set a course for Earth . We must complete our mission . Matrix initiated . Sequencing procedure for thalaron radiation transfer ... activated . Some ideals are worth dying for , aren 't they , Jean-Luc ? Thalaron intermix procedure initiated . Deployment of targeting arms commencing . How long until he can fire ? The targeting sequence should take about seven minutes , Captain . When the targeting arms are fully deployed , the matrix on the Bridge will relay the thalaron radiation to the firing points at their tips . No one on the Enterprise will survive . How can he ? He 'll kill you . It 's not about me anymore . Prepare for a site-to-site transport . Captain , I don 't think that the transpor ... That 's an order , Commander . Sir , allow me to go . Data , this is something I have to do . - Sir ... - Data . You have the Bridge , Commander . Try and put some distance between you and the Scimitar . Now , Mr. La Forge . Aye , sir . That 's it . Transporters are down . The system is fused . Counselor Troi , please assume command . Geordi , come with me . Thalaron intermix level ... 30 percent . Four minutes to firing sequence . Thalaron intermix level , 50 percent . Three minutes to firing sequence . Thalaron intermix level , 60 percent . Two minutes to firing sequence . Thalaron intermix level , 80 percent . I 'm glad we 're together now . Our destiny 's complete . One minute to firing sequence . Thalaron intermix level completed . 30 seconds to firing sequence . Good-bye . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three ... Data ? Captain ... It 's Data . Captain , we 're being hailed . On screen . Open a channel . This is Commander Donatra of the Valdore . We 're dispatching shuttles with medical personnel and supplies . Thank you , Commander . You 've earned a friend in the Romulan Empire today , Captain . I hope the first of many . Valdore out . Geordi , prepare the shuttlebay for arrivals . They , uh , they don 't know our procedures . Just open the doors . I 'll take care of it , Captain . You have the Bridge , Number One . Thank you . To absent friends . To family . First time I saw Data , he was leaning against a tree in the holodeck trying to whistle . Funniest thing I ever saw . No matter what he did , he couldn 't get the tune right . What was that song ? Can 't remember the song . Come . Will . Permission to disembark , sir . Granted . So ... where 's the Titan off to ? The Neutral Zone . We 're heading up the new task force . Apparently the Romulans are interested in talking . Well , I can 't think of a better man for the job . If I may , just a word of advice about your first command ? Anything . When your First Officer insists that you can 't go on away missions ... Ignore him . I intend to . Serving with you has been an honor . The honor was mine , Captain . I don 't know if all this has made any sense , but I wanted you to know what kind of man he was . In his quest to be more like us he helped us to see what it means to be human . My ... my brother was not human ? No , he wasn 't . But his wonder , his curiosity about every facet of human nature allowed all of us to see the best parts of ourselves . He evolved . He embraced change because he always wanted to be better than he was . I ... I do not understand . Well , I hope someday you will . Captain , the warp engines are ready to go on line . I 'm on my way . Please inform Commander La Forge . We 'll talk later . Never saw the sun Never saw the sun Never saw the sun Shining so bright ... Shining so bright Never saw things ... Going so right .
