 He hasn 't left me with a single shot . In that case , pal , call a safety . Safety ? Yeah , it 's a defensive strategy . Since you can 't make a shot , the idea is to leave the cue ball somewhere on the table where Tuvok can 't make a shot , either . I don 't know . It sounds cowardly . Suit yourself , pal , but , uh , if you leave " Vulcan Slim " over here with an open shot , he 's got a very good chance of running the table . All right ... safety . Ah ! Mr. Vulcan , let 's see you reason your way out of this conundrum . This safety business is a lot more satisfying than I imagined . I 've left him with an impossible shot . The shot may be difficult , Mr. Neelix , but to say that it is impossible is an exaggeration . Go ahead , then . Call your shot . Logic would dictate that if I strike the cue ball properly , it will deflect first off the rear bumper , then the side , striking the 11 ball and causing it to roll directly into the corner pocket . This I have to see . Perhaps the ship 's stabilizers are not operating at peak efficiency . Yeah , and maybe Tom Terrific over here forgot to tell you that Sandrine 's table rolls a little to the " east . " You should have called a safety . Janeway to Mr. Neelix . Please report to the Bridge . You wanted to see me , Captain ? Yes , Neelix . We 've received a subspace message from an approaching vessel . They 're asking for you . Me ? The alien ship is entering visual range , Captain . Slow to impulse . On screen . Do you recognize it ? That 's a Haakonian shuttle . Haakonian ? My people were at war with them for the better part of a decade . They ... conquered my homeworld more than 15 years ago . Any idea what the Haakonians want with you now ? None at all . The shuttle is hailing us , Captain . Open a channel . Channel open . I 'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . What can we do for you ? As I stated in my message , Captain , I understand you have a Talaxian called Neelix aboard your vessel . I 'm Neelix . What do you want ? It is a matter of utmost urgency . However , I would prefer to speak with you privately . Your life may very well depend upon it . Who are you ? Forgive me . I am Jetrel . Dr. Ma 'Bor Jetrel . Neelix ... He 's a mass murderer ! When I was much younger , my family and I lived on a moon called Rinax- - a colony with the most temperate climate in the entire Talaxian system . Warm days , balmy nights ... until the metreon cascade . Melodic name , isn 't it ? Especially for a weapon of mass destruction . And Jetrel was somehow involved with this weapon ? Dr. Jetrel was the scientist who conceived the metreon cascade , then he led the team of scientists who built it . I see . In the blink of an eye , Rinax was enveloped by a deadly cloud and those lovely days were turned into one endless , frigid night . More than 300,000 were killed . But you ... survived . I had the good fortune to be on Talax at the time , with our defense forces , preparing for an invasion that never came . It wasn 't necessary . The day after the cascade was deployed , Talax surrendered unconditionally to the Haakonian Order . And your family ? I am so sorry . Dr. Jetrel . Lieutenant Tuvok , my Chief of Security . I have heard of your transporter technology , Captain , but to experience it firsthand is truly remarkable . Mr. Neelix has declined to meet with you . That 's not surprising . I 'm afraid I am not a very popular figure among the Talaxian people . May we show you to your quarters ? Mr. Neelix has given me permission to speak on his behalf . You indicated that he may be in some kind of danger ... Yes . It 's imperative that he undergo a complete medical examination . For what purpose ? Our war records show that he was part of the team that returned to Rinax after the cascade in order to evacuate survivors . He was exposed to high concentrations of metreon isotopes . In recent years , several of the rescuers have developed a degenerative blood disease called metremia . ls it serious ? I am afraid that it 's fatal . The disease attacks its victims on a molecular level . It may lay dormant for years , but once it manifests itself , it will cause the body 's atomic structure to undergo fission . The cells will begin to disintegrate . My equipment is specifically designed to detect the subatomic signature of the disorder . May I ask , Doctor , why you 've taken it upon yourself to examine Mr. Neelix ? I 've evaluated as many members of the team as possible , collecting data , in hopes that one day , my research will lead to a cure for metremia . Please , try to persuade Mr. Neelix to see me . Each Talaxian I screen brings me one step closer to a cure . Neelix , why didn 't you ever tell me about the war ? Maybe this is one experience that can 't be shared . It 's too ... hard to ... describe how I feel to someone who didn 't see what I saw . I 'm sorry . You have nothing to be sorry about , Neelix . Excuse me . Captain , back from your doctor 's appointment already ? I 'm afraid I have some ... disturbing news , Neelix . Nothing you tell me could make this day any more disturbing than it 's already been . According to Jetrel , you were exposed to dangerous levels of metreon poisoning and may be at risk of developing a fatal blood disorder . He wants to screen you for the disease . Uh , Captain ... please tell Dr. Jetrel that I am ... touched by his tender concern for my state of health , but that I 'd rather be immersed in a pit of Krallinian eels than be examined by him . Neelix , if there 's something wrong with you , we should find out . I don 't want that man within ten parsecs of me ! I understand your feelings , but this is your life we 're talking about . Don 't either of you find it the slightest bit strange that a man who has made it his life 's work to develop a weapon to destroy as many Talaxians as possible should suddenly be concerned with this Talaxian 's health ? I don 't know what his motives are . Maybe he 's trying to undo some of the damage his weapon caused , but he seems sincere , Neelix , and at this point , I have no reason to doubt him . If the disease is fatal , what 's the point of knowing whether I have it or not ? Our Doctor is the most skilled physician either of us has ever met . If you have this disease , he won 't stop until he 's found some way to treat it . And if Jetrel discovers you don 't have the disease , at least you 'll have peace of mind . Peace of mind is a relative thing , Captain . I simply want you to hear what he has to say , then if you still don 't want him to examine you , no one will force you . Oh , outnumbered and outflanked . All right , then . I surrender . The metreon isotopes are unique . Their rate of decay is highly variable . We have found that it 's sometimes years before metremia sets in , and unfortunately ... Why are you doing this ? I beg your pardon ? ls it all just scientific curiosity ? Metreons and isotopes ? Or do you feel ... guilty about what you did ? Guilty . I do not regret it . I did what had to be done . Really ? It was necessary to vaporize more than a quarter of a million people and to leave thousands of others to be eaten away by metreon poisoning ? Would it make any difference if I told you we never thought there would be any radiation poisoning- - that anyone close enough to be exposed would be killed by the initial blast ? It was unfortunate we were wrong . Unfortunate ? ! Did you hear that , Captain ? It was " unfortunate . " Neelix , I think what Dr. Jetrel is trying ... No , Captain . That 's all right . I 'm used to it . I 'm simply a scientist . Yes , I developed the weapon , but it was the government and the military leaders who decided to use it , not I. That must be a very convenient distinction for you . Does it help you sleep at night ? I slept no worse last night than I have any other night for the past 15 years . What is that supposed to mean ? It means I must live with my conscience as you must live with yours . How many did you kill during the war ? Gentlemen , please . This is obviously very difficult for both of you , but we are not here to debate history . We are here to talk about Neelix 's condition . Don 't worry about it , Captain , because Dr. Jetrel will have to find himself another laboratory rodent to help his experiments . Because I would rather die than help you ease your conscience . I do not expect you to like me , Mr. Neelix , nor do I hope to allay your obvious pain with moral arguments , but I do believe I can help you- - if not you , others of your race . lsn 't that more important than punishing me ? Are you ... sure you can 't do this ? Your newfound confidence in me is flattering , Mr. Neelix , but Dr. Jetrel has instruments designed specifically to analyze Talaxian physiology . Just get it over with . Did I ever ... tell you about the notorious two-tailed talchoks of Rinax ? I don 't think so . Nasty little vermin . Sharp claws , dripping fangs . Ew ! It was quite a nuisance . So one summer when I was a boy , I decided to do something about them . I spent weeks tinkering , creating a foolproof talchok trap . Once I perfected it , I set it in the garden . And the next day , I found one of those beasts pinned at the neck . But it wasn 't dead . It was squirming and squealing in agony . And suddenly , it didn 't look so fiendish anymore . It looked like a poor , innocent animal . What a horrible story . Well , you see , I had become so fascinated with my invention that I never really thought about how that poor creature would suffer . Are you finished ? For now . So am I. And ? I 'm sorry , Mr. Neelix . Sorry ? Why are you sorry ? I 'm afraid you have incipient metremia . Come in ! How are you feeling ? Kes , my sweet . I 'll have you know this is not the first time I have stared into the gaping maw of death . Why once , during the Battle of the Pyrithian Gorge , I faced down an entire battery of Haakonian artillery . There I was with only a small crevice for cover ... Neelix , you 're protecting me again . I can understand your not wanting to talk about Rinax . I wasn 't there . You 're right . But I 'm here now with you . We have to face this together . Well , there 's one good thing that will come from all this . When I first met you , I didn 't know that your species only lived eight or nine years . I fell in love with you without knowing how lonely it would be to live without you after you 're gone . Now that I 'm going to die first , I don 't have to worry about it . Before I met you , eight or nine years seemed like an eternity . It never occurred to me that anyone could live longer . Now that we 're together , no matter how many years we have left , it doesn 't seem like enough . But the important thing is to cherish whatever time we have together . Whether it 's a day or a decade . Come in . Am I interrupting ? Please , sit down . Captain , I must tell you , your ship is simply astounding . I have been studying your transporter system . Transporter systems ? I would think you 'd be more concerned with Mr. Neelix . Forgive me . But that is what I am here to talk about . I believe with a relatively few minor modifications , the transporter system could be used to retrieve a sample of the metreon cloud surrounding Rinax . To what end ? I 've always believed that if I could isolate the free isotope that causes metremia , it could be used to synthesize an antibody . Then theoretically , a victim 's own immune system could destroy the disease . Yes , Captain , and your transporter system makes it all possible . ls the isotope stable enough to be transported ? I believe so . We could construct a containment field to prevent any contamination of the ship . And I could have our Doctor assist you with synthesizing the antibody . My thoughts exactly . Janeway to Bridge . Chakotay here , Captain . Have Dr. Jetrel 's vessel tractored into the shuttlebay . And lay in a course for the Talaxian system . That 's a significant detour , Captain . I 'm aware of that , Commander , but it may mean saving Neelix 's life . Understood . I 'll send a message to Talax requesting permission to transport material from the cloud . In the meantime , Lieutenant Torres in Engineering can give you a hand with the transporter modifications . Thank you , Captain . Thank you , Dr. Jetrel . It 's a very promising idea . What is it ? Nothing . I just think , uh ... I 'm a little overexcited about the prospects of discovering a cure , and all that sparring with Mr. Neelix does take a toll . Maybe you should let the Doctor have a look at you . No , I 'm fine , and there 's so much to be done . I want to start right away . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48832.1 . Kes has prevailed upon Neelix to allow Dr. Jetrel to continue metabolic scans in the hope that it will facilitate treatment once the antibody has been synthesized . Will you be needing my assistance , Doctor ? Not until we have the isotope . Mr. Neelix , is there anything more I can do for you ? Very well then . Computer , override Command 1-EMH-Alpha and end program . Incredible . A hologram that can deactivate itself . ls there anything besides science that makes your heart beat faster , Jetrel ? Not anymore . Now would you please sit down ? You know what I 've been thinking ? If I 'd been in charge of the cascade , I 'd have ... I don 't know ... chosen a military target or simply deployed it on an uninhabited planet . Somehow I don 't think I 'd have targeted innocent civilians . The military strategists did not think a demonstration would work . They wanted to show the power of the cascade , in all its horror . You should have tried to stop them ! Why didn 't you speak out ? People would have listened to you . It would not have made any difference . If I had not discovered the cascade , it would have been someone else . Don 't you see ? It was a scientific inevitability- - one discovery flowing naturally to the next . Something so enormous as science will not stop for something as small as man , Mr. Neelix . So you did it for science . For my planet . And , yes , for science- - to know whether or not it could be done . It 's good to know how the world works . It is not possible to be a scientist unless you believe that all the knowledge of the universe and all the power that it bestows is of intrinsic value to everyone , and one must share that knowledge ... and allow it to be applied , and then be willing to live with the consequences . Consequences ? Who are you to talk about consequences ? You are not the only one to lose family during the war , Mr. Neelix . Your family was killed ? Nothing as clean as death . When I returned home , after the cascade , to my wife- - my lovely wife Ka 'Ree- - she could not bear to look at me . When I would reach out for her , she would pull away as if I had some contagious disease . You see , like you , she thought I had become a monster . Shortly after that , she took my three children ... and I have not seen them since . That 's a sad story , Jetrel . But let me tell you another one . A man goes back to Rinax after the cascade , back to what had been his home , to look for survivors . But the impact of the blast has set off hundreds of fires and there 's nothing there , just smoldering ruins and the stench of seared flesh . But in the distance , in the middle of all that emptiness , from out of this ... huge cloud of billowing dust ... he can see bodies moving , whimpering , coming toward him . They 're monsters ... their flesh horribly charred . The color of shale . One of them comes toward him . Mangled arms outstretched . And he can 't help it . He , h-he turns away , frightened . But then the thing speaks . And he knows by the sound of her voice that she 's not a monster at all , but a child ... a little girl . Mr. Neelix , I ... Her name was Palaxia . We brought her back to Talax with the other survivors . Over the next few weeks , I stayed at her bedside and watched her wither away . Those are consequences , Dr. Jetrel . There is no way I can ever apologize to you , Mr. Neelix . That 's why I have not tried . Did you ever think that maybe your wife was right ? That you had become a monster ? Yes . The day we tested the cascade , when I saw that blinding light brighter than a thousand suns ... I knew at that moment exactly what I had become . I hope you have to live with that a very long time . I 'm afraid you will not get your wish , Mr. Neelix . And why is that ? I have advanced metremia . I will be dead in a matter of days . It 's your turn ! There 's no open shot . Why don 't you call a safety , Neelix ? lsn 't that what you always do ? I 'm no coward . That 's not what I 've heard . Wait ! What are you doing ? It 's my turn . You lost your chance to play . Now you 're going to lose . Neelix , where did you go ? Why did you leave us ? I did what I thought was right . You were afraid ! No ! I ... ! Neelix ... Who are you ? It 's me , Palaxia . Palaxia ? ! Why weren 't you here to help us ? You ! You did this , butcher ! Bridge to Neelix . H-here , Captain . Neelix , I thought you 'd like to know . We 're approaching Rinax . Neelix ? Thank you , Captain . I 'll be right there . Entering synchronous orbit , Captain . Hard to believe that on clear nights , you could look up from Talax and see the shimmering lights of the colony . The night of the cascade , a bright flash cut across the sky . It was so blinding that people threw themselves to the ground , and everything stopped like a moment out of time . Then we all looked up to see where the flash had come from , but the sky seemed oddly empty . It took most of us a few seconds to realize it was because Rinax was ... gone . Of course , the moon was still there . We just couldn 't see it because of that metreon cloud . Engineering to Bridge . We 're ready to begin transporter presequencing , Captain . Acknowledged . This brings back too many memories , Captain . If you 'll excuse me ? Of course . I believe I asked for a larger container . Correct me if I 'm wrong , Doctor , but we 're talking about a cloud sample large enough to contain a few subatomic particles . Right ? Yes , but the isotope accounts for just a minuscule fraction of the cloud 's total mass . I want to be sure we get enough . Don 't worry . We do this all the time . Presequencing complete , Captain . I 'm ready to begin transport . Proceed . Targeting scanners . Locking on . Energize . Captain , we have the sample aboard . The containment field is holding . Well done . Janeway out . Good luck , Doctor . Neelix ? Neelix , are you in here ? Neelix ? I 've been looking for you everywhere . Why did you take your combadge off ? I wanted to be alone . I 'm sorry to bother you , but I was worried . I know how you must feel . No , you don 't know . Not everything . You don 't know where I was the night Rinax was destroyed . On Talax , fighting with the defense forces . I was on Talax , but I wasn 't fighting with the defense forces . I was hiding from them . I wasn 't a hero at the Battle of the Pyrithian Gorge . I 've never even been there . I don 't understand . I never reported for duty . Why not ? I thought the war was unjust ... . that Talax was fighting for reasons that weren 't worth killing for ... or at least that 's what I told myself . But ... the real reason I didn 't report ... was because I was a coward . Now you know . If the Talaxian authorities would have caught you , what would they have done ? During wartime , punishment for refusing military service was death . So ... you put your life at risk for something you believed in and you think that makes you a coward . I don 't understand . It makes me a liar . I 'd lied about it all these years- - to you , to Jetrel , to everyone . Because you 're dishonest . Because I 'm ashamed . What an awful burden you 've carried all these years . No wonder you 're so angry with Jetrel . Of course I am . He killed them all- - my mother , my father , my little brothers . ls that really why ? Ever since Jetrel came on board , you 've despised him . The hurt and anger you 've held in all these years was vented right at him , but was it really Jetrel you 're angry with ? ls he the one you blame for what happened ? I don 't know . Or was he just a convenient target to keep you from looking somewhere else ? You mean ... from looking at myself ? You may be right ... but I hate him and I don 't think I can stop hating him . Maybe you have to stop hating yourself first . Are we ready to begin synthesis ? Computer , override Command 1-EMH-Alpha and end program . Now just wait one ... Dr. Jetrel . You startled me . I 'm sorry , but I need to speak with you ... ls it possible , we-we could talk later ? It won 't be long before I am too weak to work . I would like to finish before I die . What is that ? You 're engaging in some kind of bizarre experiment , aren 't you ? What is it this time ? You don 't understand . I can help them . What do you call that ? Scientific progress ? I 'm going to the Captain . Any report on Dr. Jetrel 's progress , Commander ? Not yet , Captain . Bridge to Sick Bay . Janeway to Sick Bay . Janeway to Dr. Jetrel . Computer , activate Emergency Medical Hologram . Please , state the nature ... What the hell is going on down there , Doctor ? Dr. Jetrel deactivated me . He 's gone now . Computer , locate Dr. Jetrel . Dr. Jetrel is in Transporter Room 1 . And Mr. Neelix is unconscious . It appears he 's been tranquilized . You have the Bridge , Commander . Security , meet me in Transporter Room 1 . Tuvok . Please , step aside , Doctor . You must let me continue . Lives depend on it . We 've heard that from you before . You 're beginning to lose credibility . Captain , I beg you . Let me bring them back . Bring who back ? Who , Doctor ? Who is it you 're going to bring back ? The victims of Rinax . He 's out of his mind , Captain . Please , look at my calculations . You remember what I told you about metremia , Captain ? How it causes the body 's atomic structure to undergo fission . It mirrors the way the metreon cascade vaporized its victims- - through biomolecular disintegration . Do we have to listen to this ? I think we should hear him out . What I 've been working on for the past 15 years is a way to rebuild that atomic structure . What I call regenerative fusion . Are you saying you 're actually trying to ... restore people who were vaporized by the metreon cascade ? Yes . Given the degree of fragmentation you 're talking about , I don 't see how that 's possible . The electrostatic properties of the cloud are such that the disassembled bio-matter has been held in a state of animated suspension . I discovered years ago that reintegration is possible . ls that what you were doing with that thing in Sick Bay ? Yes , exactly . Neelix saw it . It was an amalgamation of randomly fused organic material . Bits and pieces of previously vaporized bio-matter . But if the bio-matter in the cloud is so random , so jumbled , how could you reconstruct something whole ? I used medical records to identify the genetic coding of a specific victim- - a test case , if you will . Once we input his DNA sequence , then ... we can isolate his atomic fragments with your targeting scanners , and then rematerialize him . What if he 's right ? Captain , Dr. Jetrel is proposing the reconstruction and reanimation of a remarkably complex set of bio-systems from billions of subatomic particles . I 'm afraid I have to agree . It all sounds very implausible . You sound exactly like my country . I asked them for more funds to continue my research to help the victims of Rinax because I wanted the world to know I am not a monster . My theories can be used to heal as well as to destroy . But they ... they refused me . Called me a Talaxian sympathizer and exiled me . and exiled me . Does Neelix really have metremia ? Or was that just a pretext for getting us to come to Rinax ? It was just a pretext , Captain . You do not have metremia , Neelix . You are not going to die . Why didn 't you just tell us the truth in the first place ? Your Captain is an accomplished scientist . She doubts my theories . My own government did , too . I just could not risk being not believed again . But ... Captain , it will work . Captain , if there 's any chance he can do it , you 've got to let him try . Neelix , there are just too many variables . Please , Captain . Lieutenant Tuvok , activate the emergency containment field around the transporter pad . Aye , Captain . Emergency containment field activated . We 'll have to retarget scanners to the widest possible confinement beam . It 's our only hope of achieving bond cohesion with such broadly scattered fragments . Retargeting scanners to wide beam . Energize . Phase transition coils to maximum . Aye , Captain . ls the bio-genic field operational ? Affirmative . It 's incredible . Atomic cohesion has dropped to 49 percent , Captain . Pattern buffers to maximum power . They are already at 100 percent . Take them to 120 , Lieutenant . Pattern buffers to 120 percent of rated maximum . We 're losing him . Atomic cohesion to 39 percent ... 22 percent ... 14 percent . His pattern is degrading rapidly . You must increase the power to the pattern buffers , Captain ! We 've got to stimulate cohesion . ls there any way to augment the bio-genic field ? The degree of fragmentation is simply too great . It will not work . We are overloading the system . Shut it down , Mr. Tuvok . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48840.5 . Dr. Jetrel 's metremia is now in its final stage . He 's spending his remaining hours in Sick Bay . Neelix ... I suppose you think this is a fitting punishment for me . Maybe the cascade was a punishment for all of us , for our hatred , our brutality . There 's something I need to tell you . I tried to tell you before , but ... Wha ... what is it ? I want to tell you ... that I forgive you .
