 Captain 's Log , Stardate 48734.2 . Sometimes it 's a good idea to get away from being a Captain for awhile . To that end , I 've started participating in a new holonovel . The setting is ancient England . The drawing room is in here . Bridget , take Mrs. Davenport 's cape and tell Lord Burleigh that she 's here . Yes , ma 'am . There 's tea . That would be lovely . Thank you . Tea is usually served at 5 : 30 , and dinner is at 8 : 30 . His Lordship doesn 't appreciate being kept waiting . I 'll be sure to be prompt . Yes , ma 'am . Let 's make something clear , Mrs. Davenport . My job is to make sure that this household runs smoothly . I have been with Lord Burleigh for nearly 20 years because this household runs smoothly . He has come to trust me and I will not brook any behavior that might jeopardize that trust . So you will be expected to follow the rules that I have set down . Mrs. Templeton ... I have no wish to do anything that might disrupt this household , but let me make something perfectly clear . I have been hired by Lord Burleigh , and it 's his orders I will follow , not yours . You would be wise not to make an enemy of me . I can make sure we have another governess by next week . I suggest we try to get along , Mrs. Templeton . Surely there 's room here for both of us ? One lump or two ? Two , please . Lord Burleigh will be here directly . Forgive me . I 've startled you . I 'm sorry . I didn 't hear you come in . Mrs. Davenport , I 'll come to the point . I am not an easy man to live with . Since my wife died , I 'm told I 'm even worse . She was a buffer for me . I understand . The children are the ones who 've suffered . I 've not been much of a father to them , and God knows , I can 't be a mother . I 'm not asking that you replace their mother , but I think they 'll respond to a woman 's sensibilities . You might fill a void in their lives . I 'll certainly try , Your Grace . Young Henry is sometimes a bit stubborn , and little Beatrice ... misses her mother terribly . I hope they won 't make things difficult for you . One thing above all I must demand . You are never , under any circumstances , to go onto the fourth floor , is that clear ? Bridge to Captain Janeway . Go ahead , Mr. Kim . I 've got Commander Chakotay and Mr. Tuvok 's shuttlecraft on long-range sensors , but they 're not responding to our hails . The shuttle 's been badly damaged . I 'm reading multiple hull fractures . Life signs ? Two , but they 're very faint . Beam them to Sick Bay as soon as they 're in range . I 'm on my way . Aye , Captain . Doctor . They 've each taken a blast to the head by some kind of energy discharge . Cardiostimulator . Mr. Tuvok has a serious concussion , but it 's nothing I can 't handle . As for Commander Chakotay ... all of the bio-neural energy has been extracted from his brain . Extracted ? Yes , from the looks of it , someone drained the energy from every single axon and dendrite right down to the synapses . I can keep his heart beating , and I can keep him breathing , but other than that , there 's nothing I can do . He 's brain dead . The attack lasted no more than a few seconds , but it was highly effective . I feel Commander Chakotay and I are fortunate to be alive . What happened , Lieutenant ? We had completed our trade mission with the llidarians and were on course to the rendezvous point when we encountered a dark-matter nebula . As we began a routine analysis , an unidentified ship emerged and attacked our shuttle . Any idea why ? No . They would not respond to our hails . We were hit by an energy discharge , which penetrated our shields , and filled the cabin . Commander Chakotay lost consciousness immediately , and I was barely able to activate the autopilot before I was overcome as well . And the alien ship ? The last image I saw was the ship flying back into the nebula , but the details are difficult to remember . Can you tell me anything about the energy discharge- - its modulation or phase distribution ? No . There was no time for a detailed analysis . However , the shuttle 's sensors may have recorded information that could be helpful . I will download the sensor logs . Why would someone want to extract his bio-neural energy ? I don 't know , but if I 'm to have any hope of reviving him , I must know precisely how his neurons were depleted . It would be a great help if I could examine the weapon . We 're going back to that nebula to try to find the ship that attacked you . to try to find the ship that attacked you . Janeway to Bridge . Prepare to lay in a new course . Mr. Tuvok will provide you with the coordinates . Aye , Captain . We 'll keep you posted , Doctor . The energy discharge overloaded the shuttlecraft 's central computer core . All sensor data have been erased . Lieutenant Torres is in Sick Bay now . When she reports , tell her to go over those damaged sensor logs with a fine-tooth comb to see if she can reconstruct any of the data . Aye , Captain . Well , this is going to make things a little more difficult . I 've been using the long-range sensors to analyze the nebula you discovered . It 's sending out strong electromagnetic radiation . We won 't be able to scan inside it . You know , it sounds to me like a perfect hiding place . I agree . I don 't like the idea of going in there blind . Let me see if I can reconfigure the sensors to a multiphasic bandwidth . Is there a problem ? I 've lost all sensor contact with the nebula . I don 't understand . Wait a minute . We 've altered course . Mr. Paris ? Our new heading is 121 mark 6 . We 've completely come about , Captain , but it wasn 't me . Mr. Kim , check the navigational computer . Who ordered the course change ? According to my readings , the command was issued from the conn . I 'm telling you , it wasn 't me . And the helm controls are working perfectly- - no sign of a malfunction . Ensign , transfer helm control to your station , and reset our original course . Course laid in . Mr. Paris , I want you to run a full diagnostic on the conn station . See if you can isolate the problem . Aye , Captain . You might have asked before adorning my Sick Bay with animal remains . It 's a medicine wheel- - a talisman used by Chakotay 's tribe . He once ... showed me how it works . He said if anything ever happened to him that I should perform a special healing ritual . The wheel represents both the universe outside and the universe inside our minds as well . They believe each is a reflection of the other . When a person is sleeping or on a vision quest , it 's said that his soul is walking the wheel , but if he 's in a coma , or near death , it means that he 's gotten lost . These stones are signposts ... to help point the way back . Not exactly standard medical procedure , I know , but ... You 've placed the coyote stone at the crossroads of the Fifth and Sixth Realms , which would divert Commander Chakotay 's soul- - that is , his consciousness- - into the Mountains of the Antelope Women , according to his tradition an extremely attractive locale . He might not want to leave . How do you know about the medicine wheel ? It 's my business to know about a variety of medical treatments , including those based on psycho-spiritual beliefs . Unfortunately , in this case , the medicine wheel won 't be much help . There 's just not enough of his mind left to work with . Find your way home , Commander . Hello ? Is someone here ? It 's like ... sensing some kind of presence- - as if someone else were here . Your telepathic senses again . Is this like last week , when you went into Sick Bay , and you knew Lieutenant Hargrove had been there only he 'd left hours before ? It 's not the same . That was like ... like hearing faint music from a faraway place . When I was in my quarters just now ... Mm-hmm . it was almost tangible . I felt like there was someone in the room with me . Who was it ? I don 't know . A presence . That 's all I can say . Warp engines still within normal parameters , Captain . We just changed course again . Mr. Kim ? Our new heading is 121 mark 6 . Get us back on course . The helm 's not responding . I 'm locked out . This command station has been blocked . From where ? The lockout originated on Deck 12 , Section B-7- - navigational control . See if you can reestablish control . I 've checked every ODN junction in the helm control network and I still can 't find the problem . Seems we 've developed a new problem while you were gone . Helm control reestablished . Get us back on course for the nebula . Janeway to Torres . Torres here . Who 's in the navigational control ? No one right now . I was there this morning , and Lieutenant Paris was in there just a few minutes ago . That 's not true . Are you certain about that , B 'Elanna ? Positive . I just saw him leave about five minutes ago . Janeway out . Explanation , Mr. Paris . I passed by the navigational control on my way back from the Jefferies tube , but that 's all . Am I being accused of something here ? We are merely following a line of deductive reasoning , Lieutenant . Both deviations from our course were apparently issued from locations where you were working . I 'm telling you , I didn 't do it . Well , I 'm willing to rule out mutiny for the time being . I believe you , Mr. Paris , but we have to consider the possibility that you might be having a problem with your memory . I want you to go down to Sick Bay . Have the Doctor check you out . All right . Lieutenant Durst . Neurotransmitters at normal . Synaptic functions stable . Hold still . This is an extremely sensitive scan . What I wouldn 't give to see good old Doc Brown right now . What ? Doc Brown . Lollipops in the waiting room , no holocomic books more than six months old , house calls . I caught a bad cold one time when I was nine years old . The doctor whipped up a pot of garlic soup and brought it over himself . Your report , Doctor . I still have a series of tests to perform , but other than his irritating lapses into nostalgia , I see nothing wrong with him . I guess you 're going to have to round up another suspect , Tuvok . On the contrary , Lieutenant . I ran a forensics sweep of the navigational control . I found traces of your DNA on the console . That 's impossible . The cellular residue you left behind is less than 12 hours old . Do you still wish to maintain your innocence ? To be honest , I don 't know what to think . Perhaps my biomolecular scan will reveal something . Keep me informed , Doctor . I believe I have found the ion trail of the ship that attacked us . It leads directly into the dark-matter nebula . This is the nebula ... and this is the ion trail . As you can see , their flight path is highly erratic . These planetoids inside the nebula , they may be generating a dangerous gravitational effect- - like storm currents . Chances are they 've mapped those currents and they 're taking the only safe way through . A reasonable assumption . I recommend we follow their exact flight path . Agreed . Lay in a course to the ... Captain , we 're dropping to impulse power . I 'm reading a massive energy drain all over the ship , and the warp core is shutting down . Bridge to Engineering . Report . Lieutenant Torres , please respond . Mr. Kim , take the Bridge . Tuvok , you 're with me . Torres , what 's going on ? Captain ? You 've initiated an emergency warp core shutdown . What ? ! Too late . The warp core is off-line . It 'll take at least two hours to regenerate the dilithium matrix . Ensign , get the rest of the systems back on line . Apparently , you 've just crashed the main computer , locked out the Bridge and stopped this ship cold . Do you want to tell me why ? Captain , I don 't know what you 're talking about . What the hell is going on here ? I 've found something and you 're not going to like it . This is Mr. Paris ' memory engram for the last 24 hours . As you can see , it has a very consistent and distinctive modulation , except at 1350 hours . For one minute , 47 seconds , a different memory pattern appeared . 1350 hours is also the exact moment when Mr. Paris presumably tampered with navigational control . It gets worse . In addition to that , there is another disruption at 1202 hours , the moment when he allegedly entered the new course at the helm . I also found there 's an identical disruption in Lieutenant Torres ' pattern , at the moment she shut down warp power . I should point out that this is a neural electrical signature- - what I believe to be another brain wave that was superimposed on their own . Another brain wave ? Whose ? I don 't know . It has an unusual energy signature , one I 've never seen before . Doctor ... what are you saying ? One possible explanation- - and the only one I can think of at the moment- - is that an unknown alien entity momentarily took control of their minds . Intruder alert . All security personnel go to Condition 4 . Captain , it is possible the intruder returned with us in the shuttlecraft . If we 're right ... and there is an alien here , it seems intent on preventing us from going back to the nebula . What 's more , it seems to have the ability to jump from person to person . If that 's true , it could be in any one of us , controlling our actions without us realizing it . Well , except for me . That 's true . So far it 's only affected organic beings . If it could control the computer and navigational systems directly , it probably would 've done it already . Which means ... the Doctor is the only person on board we can trust at this moment . Doctor ... until we have eliminated this alien presence , I can 't take the risk that it could take over any of the senior officers . I 'd like to transfer all command codes to you until further notice . W-What would that mean ? That I am in command ? No . But you will act as a fail-safe . If you feel at any time that any of us are under the influence of the alien ... you can countermand our orders and take control of the ship . Do you feel up to it ? Well , of course . I make life and death decisions every day . I feel better already . Computer , transfer all command codes to the holographic doctor . Authorization : Janeway-eight - four-one-alpha-six-five . Command code transfer complete . Let 's see if we can get the warp core back on line ahead of schedule . Aye , Captain . Captain , I heard what 's happened . I think you 're right . There is an alien presence here . I 've been sensing something unusual all day . I don 't know how to describe it , but I know there 's something here . Do you know where ? No . Just that it 's on the ship . Captain , Kes 's telepathic abilities are undisciplined . If I could initiate a Vulcan mind-meld with her , I may be able to help her focus those abilities to detect the alien more accurately . I 'm willing to do that . Very well . Proceed , Mr. Tuvok . The Captain wants to seal off all critical areas of the ship . Make sure the access hatch of Jefferies Tube A-17 is secured . So what exactly are we securing against ? We 're not sure yet , but we think it 's some kind of noncorporeal alien . Noncorporeal ? That means it can probably move right through a bul ... Medical emergency , Deck 7 Section 13-Alpha . Captain 's Log , supplemental . It appears that Mr. Tuvok and Kes were both hit by an unidentified energy discharge . Tuvok was not badly hurt , but Kes is in a coma . It was similar to the attack on the shuttlecraft- - an energy discharge came through the bulkhead , filled the turbolift and hit both of us . We didn 't pick up a discharge of any kind on the internal sensors . Perhaps this type of energy is beyond our sensor bandwidth . Perhaps . But that discharge had to come from somewhere . The most thorough scanning device we have on board is a magneton scanner . We could search the ship centimeter by centimeter , but that wouldn 't do much good . This alien could be anywhere at any time . But what if we could perform a magneton scan on the entire ship all at once ? What do you suggest ? A magneton flash-scan . We could reconfigure every sensor array on the ship to emit a single burst . It might be enough to illuminate any anomalous energy . Harry , what do you think ? Whoa ! What did I do ? Stay where you are , Mr. Kim . I don 't see anything unusual , but that doesn 't mean anything . Mr. Kim ? What were you doing just now ? I was just thinking . I was remembering an old study I saw about magneton scanners . I guess my mind started to wander a bit . I 'm very disturbed by what just happened here . We don 't have any idea what occurs when someone is occupied by this alien presence . If we start pointing a finger every time someone gets distracted , it won 't be long before outright paranoia starts sweeping the ship . Tuvok , B 'Elanna , I want you to get started on that magneton flash-scan . It 's worth a try . Dismissed . And that 's not all . Ensign Parsons ordered his pejuta cold . So ? He always drinks it hot , hot ! With lemon ... but not today . Today , it 's cold pejuta , hold the lemon . Mr. Neelix , just because a man changes his drink order , doesn 't mean he 's possessed by an alien . Nevertheless , don 't you think you should ... scan him or dissect him or something , just to make sure ? I could examine every crew member you 've mentioned so far , every person on board for that matter , and it wouldn 't do any good . From what we can tell , the alien can jump from person to person at will . Sounds to me like you 're defending Ensign Parsons . I 'm not defending him . I 'm just pointing out that you 're acting a little paranoid . In fact ... one could say you 're acting a little too paranoid . Are you suggesting that I ... ? That I could possibly ... ? Doctor , I can assure you , not even an alien intruder could make me do anything to hurt Kes . All I 'm suggesting , Mr. Neelix , is that paranoia is only going to aggravate your already precarious emotional condition . Try to relax . I don 't think Kes has suffered any permanent neurological damage . I 'll let you know the moment I 've had any success in reviving her . I 'll be back as soon as you wake , dearest , and don 't worry . You 're in good hands . Thank you , Doctor . What are you doing ? I am reconfiguring the sensor relays on the ship . This will only take a minute . Must you do it now ? I 'm in the middle of a treatment . I am sorry , Doctor . Captain 's orders . How is she ? No irreparable damage . In fact , her injuries are quite different from Commander Chakotay 's . Her bio-neural energy is completely intact , and I 'm curious about these contusions on her neck and shoulder . They 're not consistent with an energy discharge . They look more like wounds sustained during a physical struggle . Odd . There was no physical struggle that I can recall . I just don 't understand it . The only thing these injuries come close to resembling is an extreme trauma to the trapezius nerve bundle . It 's as though her nerve fibers have been ruptured . Come in . Lieutenant Torres and I will be ready to initiate the magneton scan in approximately two hours . You should be aware that it will be a high-intensity burst . It will cause dizziness and disorientation in all crew members , including myself , for several seconds . Make a shipwide announcement before you initiate the scan . Aye , Captain . There is another matter of some concern . It appears that Kes 's injuries were not caused by an energy discharge . The Doctor has found evidence that she was physically assaulted . Assaulted ... but you weren 't physically assaulted . That is correct . Is it possible that you inflicted her wounds ? Me ? Maybe you were inhabited by the alien at that moment . It is possible . Perhaps we should have the Doctor run a neurological scan to see if I show a memory disruption . Agreed . Janeway to Sick Bay . Computer , activate emergency medical holographic system . Unable to comply . The EMH program has been disabled . Disabled ? By whom ? Unknown . The Doctor 's initialization routine has been locked out . It 's encrypted . I can 't reactivate the program . It appears the lockout originated somewhere above Deck 4 . Why would someone deactivate the Doctor ? The Doctor does hold the command codes to Voyager . Yes , but once he was deactivated , the codes automatically reverted back to me . If we assume the alien could not take over the holographic doctor , then logically , it would try to force the command codes back into a humanoid host . Me . It 's too dangerous for one person to retain the command codes at this point . I suggest we divide my command protocols into two code groupings . A sensible precaution . You would be the reasonable choice to hold the second grouping , if there 's any such thing as a reasonable choice right now . The alien could occupy either one of us at any time . But , presumably , not both of us at the same time . I 'll tell the Bridge crew the plan . We 'll all have to act as checks and balances for each other . I want you all to be aware of something that has happened- - something I must assume was due to the alien . The Doctor has been deactivated , and we can 't get him back on line . I have decided to divide my command protocols . Captain ... Stun her . She 's the alien . That should do it , Captain . Thank you , Mr. Paris . I feel better already . Any luck getting the Doctor back on line ? Not yet . Whoever did this put up one hell of a roadblock . I 'm going to have to break through at least six levels of encryption to access the holo-emitters . How long is it going to take ? Two , maybe three hours . Torres to Janeway . Go ahead . Captain , can you come down to Engineering ? There 's something here I think you should see . I 'm on my way . Mr. Paris ? You 're our temporary medic until the Doctor returns . Right . Ensign , I need you on the Bridge . I 've been trying to reconstruct the damaged sensor logs from Tuvok and Chakotay 's shuttlecraft . I didn 't have any luck until I ran a parity trace scan . Captain , the sensor logs weren 't destroyed by an energy discharge . Someone erased them , and then overloaded the sensor matrix to make it look like they 'd been damaged . It gets worse . There was enough information left in the backup logs for me to reconstruct what happened during the attack . They were near a dark-matter nebula , and an energy discharge did breach the hull , but there was no other ship . No ship ? I 'm certain of it . From what I can tell , the energy discharge came from the nebula itself . Why would Tuvok lie about an attack ? He must have been under the alien 's influence . Bridge to Janeway . We 're approaching the dark-matter nebula . Acknowledged . How long until the magneton flash-scan is ready to go ? The sensor arrays are charging now . 15 , maybe 20 minutes . When it 's ready , transfer control of the scan to the Bridge . In the meantime , I think we should take a look at exactly what it is we 're not supposed to see . Mr. Tuvok , can you locate the ion trail of the alien ship that attacked you ? I believe so . Mr. Kim , lay in that course . Shields are at maximum , Captain . All preparations for entering the nebula are complete . Captain , I finished the bio-analysis the Doctor was running on Kes before he was deactivated . I think he was onto something . If I 'm interpreting his data correctly , the bruises on Kes 's neck and shoulders were the result of a Vulcan neck pinch . Lieutenant ? I have no memory of injuring Kes . Perhaps I was occupied by the alien at that time . Perhaps so . But then ... why does it keep attacking you ? In three separate instances now , it 's assaulted you . I am the Chief of Security . It may see me as a particular threat . So far , you 've posed no greater threat than anyone else . And yet , it keeps going after you . Captain , I believe you are having a typically human response to circumstances which are frightening and inexplicable commonly known as paranoia . Maybe ... but I don 't think it 's paranoia that 's keeping me from picking up this ion trail of yours . What bandwidth are you on ? I am using a multiphasic scan . If you examine the Alpha-K band , you will see it . Yes , here it is . A very interesting ion trail . There 's no sign of any subspace distortions in its wake . According to these readings ... it 's a ship without engines . You 're lying , Tuvok . There is no alien ship and there never was . We 're not going inside that nebula until we get some answers . Mr. Kim , reverse course . Belay that order . That is exactly what the alien has been trying to do- - keep us from entering the nebula . I suspect the Captain has been occupied . I am relieving her of command . Ensign , proceed into the nebula , one-half impulse . Don 't do it , Harry . Now , Ensign . No , sir . I won 't do it . I must inform you . This phaser is on wide-beam dispersal and set to kill . I am taking command of this Bridge . I must ask you all to stand together where I can see you . Step away from the console , Ensign . Captain , we 're entering the nebula . Captain , I 'm picking up some kind of energy pulses in the nebula- - highly coherent with a bio-matrix . Life-forms ... And they 're heading this way . Those beings out there- - are they your people ? We are the Komar . This is our domain . What 's happening ? The warp core has been ejected . No . No . We must continue . Torres to Bridge . Captain , I think I was just taken over by the alien . One second , I was working the plasma relays , and the next thing I knew , I was ejecting the warp core . Acknowledged , Lieutenant . Stand by . I don 't get it . If the alien 's in Tuvok , how could it be down in Engineering at the same time ? I don 't know . Unless there are two aliens . Two ? Wait a minute . Lieutenant Torres isn 't authorized to eject the warp core on her own . That requires a command code authorization . Computer , who authorized the ejection of the warp core ? The authorization was entered by Commander Chakotay . Chakotay ... How is that possible ? The alien in Tuvok wants us in that nebula , but there 's another presence that 's been trying to keep us out . It doesn 't make sense unless it 's Chakotay . And he knows we 'll be in danger if we go in there . But he 's in Sick Bay . He 's brain dead . Maybe not . Maybe his neural energy was displaced somehow , and he 's able to move from person to person . Tuvok 's engaged emergency thrusters . We 're moving again , Captain . You brought us here- - for what ? To extract our neural energy ? Very perceptive , Captain . The collective neural energy of your crew will sustain my people for years to come . You don 't have to do this . Maybe we can help you find another source of energy . Captain , we 're under attack . We 're being bombarded by the energy beings . The magneton scan identified the entity before it left the ship . It was a trianic-based energy being . Looks like he 's joined his friends outside . Shields are holding , but they won 't last long at this rate , and the electromagnetic radiation is blinding our sensors . I can 't find a way out . Come about . Maybe if we reverse course , we can just backtrack . Yes , ma 'am . I don 't know if that 'll work , Captain . Tuvok was navigating a complicated course . We could be going deeper into the nebula . Mr. Kim , maybe you can reconstruct Tuvok 's navigational logs . I 'm on it , Captain . Shields down to 65 percent , Captain . The energy beings are starting to penetrate our defenses . I 'm not having any luck . Tuvok deleted the navigational logs as he went along . He wanted to make sure we didn 't get out of here . Neelix to Bridge . Go ahead . Captain , I can 't be sure , but I think I was just taken over by the alien . And I 've done something very strange . I 've rearranged the stones on the medicine wheel . If it 's Chakotay , maybe he 's trying to tell us something . Mr. Kim , activate Sick Bay Visual Relay 16 and put it on the viewscreen . Aye , Captain . What is it ? What does it mean ? Is it a code ? A message ? Or a map ... Computer , overlay a star map of the nebula on the current viewscreen image . The stones are in the same position as those three planetoids . Chakotay must be using them to point a way out . Mr. Kim , lay in a course that takes us along a line connecting those three planetoids . Engage . Shields failing ! The aliens are penetrating the hull . Mr. Kim , report . We 're passing the third planetoid now , Captain . The dark matter density is thinning . Reading normal space ahead . Bridge to Torres . Transfer all remaining power to the thrusters- - including life support . We 've cleared the nebula , Captain . Main power coming back on line . Shields at full strength . Hull integrity normal . The alien beings are not pursuing . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48735.9 . We have returned to the coordinates where we ejected the warp core and have successfully retrieved it . Now we 're hoping the Doctor will be able to successfully reintegrate Commander Chakotay 's consciousness . Did it work ? It appears so . Commander ... can you hear me ? Yes . I 'm a little dizzy , but I think I 'm all here ... How did you manage to reintegrate his consciousness ? It involved three neural transceivers , two cortical stimulators , and 50 gigaquads of computer memory . I would be happy to take you through the process , but it would take at least ten hours to explain it all to you . Needless to say , it was a remarkable procedure . I would consider writing a paper about it , if there were a convenient forum in which to publish it . What happened , Commander ? After the attack on the shuttle , I had the sensation of ... floating above my own body . I thought I was dead . And when the shuttle returned to Voyager , you were still disembodied ? Yes . I couldn 't speak . I couldn 't touch anything . But then I found that if I concentrated on someone who was in the room with me ... I could share their consciousness . At first , I could only do little things with the host 's body- - push buttons , work a console . As time went on ... it became easier to do more . Sorry I had to knock you around , Tuvok . No apologies necessary . Good job , Commander , and welcome back . To be honest , I feel like I never left .
