 Good morning , children . I 'm your new governess , Mrs. Davenport . Too formal . Henry , Beatrice , I 'm so glad to meet you . I 've heard so much about you , and I 'm sure we 're going to be very good friends . Too familiar . Hello . I 'm Mrs. Davenport . Your father has asked me here to be your new governess . Something he did without mentioning it to us . Good morning , children . It 's good to see you . You must be Henry , and this ... is Beatrice . Henry Burleigh , Viscount Timmins . My sister , the Lady Beatrice Flora . You will address us as " milord " and " milady . " Of course , milord . Please , sit down . Let 's get to know one another , shall we ? I am Mrs. Davenport . I hope to be a friend to you as well as a governess . In ullam rem ne properemus . I beg your pardon ? In ullam rem ne properemus . Is your Latin a bit rusty ? I ... suppose it is . Then I don 't see how you 'll be doing my lessons with me . Milord , I assure you that I am more than qualified to instruct you . I may have to brush up on my Latin , but when it comes to mathematics and the sciences , I 'm sure you 'll find my lessons challenging . And Beatrice what do you like to study ? Nothing . Not even painting or needlework ? I just made my first sampler . I finished it yesterday . Did you ? Oh , I 'd love to see it sometime . I don 't have it anymore . I gave it to Mother . Beatrice ... My sister is confused . She gave the sampler to Mother before she died . No , I didn 't . I gave it to her last night . Beatrice ! I talked to her . Beatrice is upset , Mrs. Davenport . She hasn 't yet accepted our mother 's death . Beatrice ... I know it was a terrible thing to lose your mother . She 's not dead ! I saw her last night ! What have you done to my sister ? Computer , restore characters in program Janeway Lambda-1 . Unable to comply . There has been a disruption of power to energy grid Beta 4 . Janeway to Bridge . Report . We 're experiencing power fluctuations on Deck 6 , Captain . Mr. Tuvok is investigating . Keep me informed . Janeway out . Tuvok to Lieutenant Torres . Has any equipment repair been authorized on Deck 6 ? Negative . What 's going on ? Stand by . Be careful ! Sorry . You might have broken the connection . Crewman Dalby , what are you doing here ? Oh , one of the bio-neural gel packs was malfunctioning . I had to replace it . Did you inform Lieutenant Torres ? Well , not yet . I was just going to take this to Engineering for analysis . On this ship , we have a protocol for such procedures . I was in the area , I saw a malfunctioning gel pack , and I fixed it . What 's the problem ? Your repair interrupted a number of ship 's functions . That is the problem . I guess I 'm used to doing things a little differently . On our ship , when something went wrong you fixed it . I would remind you , Mr. Dalby , that you are no longer on a Maquis ship . I 'm well aware of that , Lieutenant , and every minute of every day I regret it . I was just trying to do my job- - trying to help out . If that goes against Starfleet 's almighty rules , then put me in the brig . Otherwise , leave me alone . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48846.5 . Ordinarily , the loss of a gel pack would be a minor inconvenience , but here in the Delta Quadrant , it 's a reminder of the precarious nature of our journey . I don 't understand . The gel packs have an extremely reliable track record . It 's almost impossible to damage them . Why did this one malfunction ? Unknown . Lieutenant Torres is running a materials analysis on the gel pack . ln the meantime , the unit has been replaced . How many do we have left in reserve ? Forty-seven . Those gel packs run half the critical systems on this ship . Once they run out , that 's it . We can 't replicate new ones . It might be possible to switch over some systems to conventional isolinear circuits . Good idea . Start looking into it . There is one other matter I wish to discuss . I am concerned about crewman Dalby . He attempted to make unauthorized repairs on the damaged gel pack . When I confronted him , he lost control . How so ? He became extremely angry , to the point of insubordination . Dalby ... I 've heard complaints about him from others . Indeed . This is not the first incident involving Mr. Dalby . Last week , he was found tampering with ship 's systems to increase a friend 's replicator rations , and he has missed three of his last ten duty shifts . Commander , you know Mr. Dalby better than I do . Any idea what might be bothering him ? Dalby 's always been pretty aggressive . My guess is the man 's frustrated . He 's not used to dealing with Starfleet protocol and procedure . A starship cannot run without protocols . Mr. Dalby 's attitude is disrupting this vessel 's operations . What do you suggest- - dragging him in front of a disciplinary board ? Perhaps that would be the best approach . I doubt that 's going to help . Dalby 's not the only Maquis who 's having problems adjusting . And besides , it 's not only a matter of attitude . It 's also a matter of experience . It 's not fair to expect Starfleet behavior from people who never went to the Academy . What do you propose ? We need to bring some of these people up to speed . lnstruct them in how to run a Starfleet vessel . Show them why we do things the way we do . Give them an opportunity to feel like they 're part of the team . A crash course in Starfleet operations . Field training . Exactly . So , what do you think , Mr. Tuvok ? Are you up to training a group of raw cadets ? Me ? You taught at the Academy for 16 years . You 'd be perfect for the job . Commander Chakotay would be a more logical choice to be their instructor . He is a Maquis , as well as their former Captain . That 's my point . He doesn 't have to earn their respect . We do . Very well , Captain . I will prepare a curriculum . Commander , pick out the Maquis crew members you feel would benefit most from the training . Have them report to Lieutenant Tuvok at the next duty shift . Right . Don 't worry , Tuvok . I 'll tell them to take it easy on you . ... telling me that I 'm not supposed to be there ... Good morning . We have assembled here because Captain Janeway feels you would all benefit from additional Starfleet training . Consequently ... I think we need some clarification . Just why have we been singled out for this ... honor ? The answer to that question would seem to be self-evident , crewman . lnterrupting a senior officer is not acceptable behavior . The purpose of this training is to familiarize you with Starfleet protocols so that mistakes like that will be minimized . Still , the fact remains ... That is , uh , if I may have permission to speak , Lieutenant ? Thank you . As I was saying , the fact remains that you must have noticed certain problems with each member of this select group , or we wouldn 't be here . I frankly can 't imagine what I might have done that warrants my inclusion . - Crewman Chell ... - ln fact ... your report indicates that you are talkative , disruptive and unreliable . You promise to do tasks which then go undone . That is a complete exaggeration ! Just yesterday , I overhauled a servicing system ... Crewman , from this point on , you will speak only if you are spoken to . But , Lieutenant , I 'm just trying ... 40 laps around the cargo bay . Start running now . - But ... - 50 laps . As I was saying , this class will adhere to standards established for Starfleet cadets . There will be physical training and academic studies as well as tactical situations which will be simulated on the holodeck . Crewman , have you been listening to me ? Excuse me , I did not hear that answer . Yes . Speak up , crewman . I said yes . From now on , you will look at me when I am talking to you . Leave him alone . What was that ? I said leave him alone . Can 't you see he 's just a kid ? He shouldn 't even be here . We think he should . You 'll probably have me running 200 laps for this , but I don 't care . The problem we 're having , Lieutenant , is that this whole thing is insulting . We didn 't ask to come aboard this ship , but we understand the situation we 're in , and we 've done the best job we can , and now you 're telling us that 's not good enough . That is correct . Well , maybe that 's too bad . Maybe we 've done the best that we can , and that 's as good as you 're going to get . How about it ? Does anybody really want to be here ? I don 't have anything to learn from him . Well , I don 't think he 's going to phaser us , and frankly , I 'd rather be in the brig than in here , so let 's go . Crewman , you are demonstrating rank insubordination . I order all of you to stay where you are . Chell ! Come on . We 're leaving . I don 't know . Maybe it wasn 't such a good idea to leave like that . I mean , they 're not just going to let us get away with it . What are they going to do , put us off the ship ? Keep us in the brig for 70 years ? Every person on this ship is needed . Nothing 's going to happen . It 's not like we 're guilty of mutiny . We 'll just keep doing our jobs , same as ever . We 're just not going to jump through any Starfleet hoops . You want to give me your version of what happened ? Commander , we 're going to live up to our responsibilities on this ship . We 're just not going to be treated like teenage cadets . I see . It was ridiculous . Tuvok had Chell running laps around the cargo bay . And he was picking on Gerron . I don 't like it . Really ? Look , Commander , you know as well as I do that we 're used to playing with a different rule book . There 's the Starfleet way , and there 's the Maquis way . And you want to do things the Maquis way ? That 's right . That 's always worked for us . That 's the Maquis way , too , isn 't it ? And if you want to keep doing it the Maquis way , that 's fine with me . We can do that tomorrow , the next day , every day until you report to Lieutenant Tuvok . You understand me ? What ? How does a Starfleet crewman answer a question ? Yes ... sir . Does anybody else have a problem ? These are your study assignments for next week . Please note that examinations will be conducted randomly with no advance notice . I will now inspect your uniforms . Crewman Henley , your head band is certainly festive ... Thank you . However , it is in violation of regulations . Please check the protocol files for recommended guidelines . What is this ? It 's a , uh ... Kazleti design . I studied the technique when I visited their planet . It took me weeks to learn . I know it doesn 't look complicated , but ... This ornament is in violation of the dress code . It was hidden . You could hardly see it . You will remove it now . I know- - I 'll have to take off the earring . Correct . ln addition , your boots are scuffed . From now on , you will arrive in polished boots . Yes , sir . Do you have a problem , Mr. Dalby ? No , sir . Very well . You will all report to me on Deck 1 1 at 1900 hours . Dismissed . What are we going to be doing ? You will find that out at 1900 hours . Dismissed . I 'm going through with this field training ... as ordered , but I can 't say it 's very productive . Frankly , it feels like punishment . ln other words , you 're afraid you won 't make it , that you 'll fail this training . Excuse me ? That 's not what I said or what I 'm thinking . What ? You think I can 't make it through this ridiculous exercise ? That 's absurd . Fine , then make it through . It 's another power failure . It 's the gel packs again . Deck 4 , Section 9-C . Bridge to Engineering . Report . It 's another malfunction in the bio-neural circuitry . We 're putting a repair crew on it now . Torres out . Dalby , replace the failed gel pack and check out the adjoining circuits . Make sure we don 't have some kind of cascade feedback causing this . We can 't just keep replacing these things . Ensign , you 're in charge till I get back . I 'll be in Sick Bay if you need me . What is it ? It 's your new patient . It 's one of the bio-neural gel packs . Ah , yes ... I 'm aware of these devices , but I 've never seen one . It 's malfunctioning , but I can 't find anything wrong with it mechanically . I thought that you could look at the biological component . lnteresting . lnitiate the scan . Scanning beam is active . Aha . What ? The patient is sick . Can you be more specific ? To discuss the patient 's condition in front of the patient would be a serious breach of professional etiquette . It 's been suggested that I cultivate a greater sensitivity to my patients ' needs . Don 't worry , my little friend . Doctor ... Very well . The biological component of the circuit device has an infection- - a very contagious one . Is the crew in any danger ? I don 't detect any sign of infection in you , Lieutenant . I suspect the contagion is not harmful to humanoids . If it were , we probably would have seen evidence of illness in the crew by now . But in order to protect the ship 's circuitry , you 'll have to isolate and quarantine all the affected gel packs until a treatment regimen can be initiated . I 'll have to take the forward grids off-line . We 'll lose replicators , but I can reroute primary systems . How long do you need ? I don 't know . Unless we find the source of the infection , we won 't be able to stop it from spreading . Okay , I 'll tell the Captain . We 'll be taking a ten-kilometer run . I 've cleared Deck 13 of personnel for the evening . Make sure your packs are secure to avoid chafing . Couldn 't I just carry Henley ? She weighs about the same . We will get to Deck 13 by using the Jefferies tubes . Well , at least it 's only two decks down . Not that way , crewman . We are getting to Deck 13 by way of the mess hall . That 's on Deck 2 . We 'd have to crawl through over 50 Jefferies tubes to get there . Correct . I 'm glad to see your knowledge of the ship 's internal structure is improving . Crewman Gerron- - lead the way . Thank you . You can stay there as long as you like , as far as I 'm concerned . This pack feels like it 's filled with latinum bricks . Crewman Gerron , what is the problem up there ? Keep going . Maybe he 'll slip and plunge to his death . Be my guest . All right , the ten kilometers begin now . My legs feel like lead pipes . Don 't think about it . Keep your mind on something else . How about the pain in my shoulders ? That was a run of approximately 10.1 kilometers . That wasn 't a run , it was a death march . You may be experiencing difficulty because I increased the gravity on this deck by ten percent . What ? ! You never know what conditions you might encounter . You must be prepared for anything . Crewman Gerron and Chell , you have not completed your run . By my account , we have lapped you three times . You will finish the ten kilometers now . We will repeat this exercise tomorrow evening , and I will expect each one of you to better your performance . Have you found any traces of the bacteria ? I 've checked the transporter logs for the past month . There 's no indication that the bio-filter picked up anything suspicious . We stopped at that planet , Napinne , brought on some food stores for Neelix . Some of it looked pretty strange . Right . Varmeliate fiber , whole green putillos and schplict . Schplict ? Grakel milk . I 've looked at the logs . Everything checked out . Okay , let 's go over the environmental systems . Maybe we 're dealing with something airborne . He 's been at it since before I got here . Chell ... what are you doing ? Mr. Tuvok ordered me to degauss the entire transporter room . But you 're using a micro resonator . I know . Why don 't you use the magneton scanner ? You 'd be done in five minutes . Tuvok told him to use the micro resonator . But he 'll be at it for hours . Mr. Tuvok estimated 26.3 hours . Sounds like a Tuvok estimate . Well ... good luck . Oh , you missed a spot . Security Log , supplemental . I have recreated the Bridge of Voyager on the holodeck and scheduled a war game simulation . I am hopeful that an exercise in teamwork will help to instill a sense of participation among my trainees . On the Bridge we depend on the smooth functioning of every crewman at every station . You are the Captain 's eyes , ears and hands . You must function as one perfectly tuned unit . Mr. Dalby , I understand you have command experience . Yes , sir . You have the Bridge . The program will present you with a series of random events which you and your crew must deal with in whatever manner you see fit . I understand . The program will be initiated when you set a course . All set ? - Ready . - Aye , sir . Mr. Chell , ahead warp six , heading 159 mark 7 . Aye , sir . Mr. Gerron , what 's the nearest star system ? I 'm showing a red giant system 3.7 light-years from our current position . There are eight planets , none of them M-Class . Sir , we 're picking up an automated distress call . Source ? Unknown . There 's a lot of subspace interference . Gerron , can you get a fix ? Sensors indicate a Ferengi ship , heavily damaged by weapons fire . Eight life-form readings , very faint . Hail them . They 're not responding . I must point out , sir , that the Ferengi have been known to deceive other ships by pretending to be damaged . We could be falling into a trap . We have a duty to offer humanitarian aid if we can . Chell , change course to intercept . Course laid in , sir . Proceed . Sir , a Romulan warbird de-cloaking off the port bow . Red Alert . Hail them- - let them know we 're on a rescue mission . They 're powering up weapons . No response to the hail . Evasive maneuvers , Mr. Chell . lnitiating evasive sequence , beta 9-3 . We 've been hit on the lateral phaser array . Shields at 81 percent . Arm all forward phasers . Sir , there 's a second Romulan ship de-cloaking dead ahead . It 's launching torpedoes . Damage to Decks 1 1 through 15 , reports of casualties . Arm all photon banks . Mr. Chell , continue use of evasive action . Henley , fire at will . Aye , sir . Shields are buckling . Hull breach on Deck 9 . Keep firing , Henley . Let 's do as much damage as we can . Computer , reset program . Your first command together was less than successful . You are all dead . It was a no-win situation . What were we supposed to do ? Can anyone answer that question ? I thought we went by the book . I certainly did everything I could possibly do . My evasive action sequences cannot be faulted . At least we went out with our phasers firing . Mr. Gerron , do you have something to add ? What does it matter ? It matters because if you do not learn from your mistakes , you will be doomed to repeat them . I was in command . Put the blame on me . The crew was just following my orders . And have you reached a conclusion as to your error ? I thought I did everything I could . We were just outgunned . I see . Did the possibility of retreat not occur to you ? Retreat ? I can 't believe you 'd say that . The strongest tactical move is always the one in which you will reap the highest gain at the lowest cost . Going out with phasers firing may seem heroic , but in the long run , it is merely foolish . Retreat is often the best possible option . Well , Mr. Tuvok , once more , you 've proven your point . We 're just not Starfleet material . Are we dismissed ... sir ? Dismissed . Computer , exit . I feel that my services as morale officer are required . I assure you , you are wrong . Oh , really ? Huh . Well , one- - no cup of tea . Two- - no padd . Three- - you 're sitting on the opposite side from usual . All of that tells me you 've got something on your mind . And what tells me that it 's making you miserable is that cloud of doom that 's rising from you like a ground fog . I cannot imagine that there are visible emanations which allow you to interpret my mood . You are making wild assumptions . Uh-huh . Maquis trainees getting you down ? I do not believe they are responding well to my instruction . What seems to be the problem ? That is what I 've been trying to determine , and I 'm afraid I am at a loss . I have taught literally thousands of cadets , and I have never encountered these difficulties . My methods are sound and time-honored . I insist on strict adherence to rules and protocols and never waver from that approach . I have always been successful in honing each cadet into a Starfleet officer . Come with me . I want to show you something . These are Keela flowers . They 're beautiful and remarkably strong . The stem is flexible . It 's impossible to break . But occasionally , on the same plant , there 's a bloom whose stem is not so flexible . Ah , here 's one , see ? And when the stem is brittle ... it breaks . You 're saying that the Maquis crew is rigid and inflexible , that they will never adjust to Starfleet rules . No , Mr. Vulcan . I 'm saying that you are rigid and inflexible . But maybe if you learn to bend a little , you might have better luck with your class . Those Maquis aren 't Starfleet cadets . You can 't treat them the same way . Get to know them , eh ? Try to find out what they 're like inside . You might discover a better teaching method . I am not sure if I have the ability to find out what they 're like inside . Mr. Neelix , what is that ? Ooh ! Brill cheese . I made it from that schplict we brought on board last week . Uh , Ensign Ashmore asked for something called macaroni and cheese . Cheese . You must cultivate bacteria to make cheese . Of course . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48859.3 . Lieutenant Tuvok has reported what may be a possible explanation for the infection in the bio-neural gel packs . I have asked Lieutenant Torres and her team to investigate Neelix 's kitchen . Get me a schematic of the airflow patterns for the whole ship . Aye , sir . The cheese is full of volatile bacterial spores . It has to stay isolated in this portable containment field . What is this ? That 's just a Laurelian pudding . It has to simmer for four hours . The spores must have traveled through that intake and then into the ventilation system . Where they were disseminated throughout the ship , subsequently infecting the bio-neural circuitry . I feel awful about this . I assure you , I had no idea . More gel packs must be down . If this is getting to the environmental systems , we may be in more trouble than we thought . Neelix , this wasn 't your fault . The important thing is that we found the source . Get the cheese to Sick Bay . The Doctor should look at it as soon as possible . Yes , Lieutenant . You may break , Mr. Dalby . Okay . Do you play pool often ? Not really . I did when I was younger . Do you have a family ? What is this all about ? Pardon ? This little exercise . Are we testing my social skills ? Does Starfleet have rules about them , too ? I had thought we could get to know each other . Perhaps then our relationship would function more smoothly . Get to know each other ? Okay ... here 's the brief history of Kenneth Dalby . We lived on the Bajoran frontier . It was a hard life . I coped by getting into a lot of trouble . I was angry at everybody and everything until a woman came along who taught me about love , and for a while , I wasn 't angry anymore . Three Cardassians raped her and smashed her skull . I joined the Maquis and tried to slaughter as many of them as I could find . How about you ? Any family ? I do , but there is nothing to report about them that would compare with your story . I have observed that you seem to be somewhat protective of Mr. Gerron . Have you formed a friendship with him ? No . He won 't let me get close . First time I saw him , I thought I was looking at myself at that age . I thought maybe I could be a friend . Maybe he wouldn 't turn out the way I did . But I didn 't have much luck . Then we got stuck out here . Being so far away from home is hard on somebody that young . So I 'd appreciate it if you 'd try not to make him any more miserable than he is already . Commander Chakotay specifically recommended Mr. Gerron for this program . He felt that if the young man were able to learn new skills , to set goals and accomplish them , it might go a long way toward making him feel better about himself . That 's why he 's in this group ? It is our intention that the experience be positive for everyone . If you say so . But understand this , Lieutenant . I don 't want to get to know you , and I don 't want to be your friend . This is the most pernicious infective agent I 've ever seen . It 's systematically attacked every cell in the gel pack 's biological matrix . I 've exposed it to every anti-bacterial agent we have available . It hasn 't responded . Sick Bay to Bridge . Captain , what seems to be happening ? We 're losing more bio-neural circuitry , Doctor . All systems are being affected . Please , tell me you have some good news about a treatment . I 'm afraid not . Frankly , I 'm at a loss . But we 'll keep trying . Please do . Janeway out . What I find curious is that these bacteria didn 't show up in any of our diagnostic scans of the ship . But if the bacteria didn 't spread from the cheese into the ship 's systems , how did the gel packs get infected ? Haven 't I read that viruses can live inside bacteria ? Of course ... a virus . The bacteria could be hosts to the infectious virus . There are thousands of viruses so small they would have escaped detection . So maybe we should try the anti-viral agents on the gel packs . It 's certainly worth a try . I think the inertial dampeners are malfunctioning . Along with a lot of other things . Class dismissed . Return to your duty stations . Lieutenant ? We 're stuck in here . Captain , the bio-neural network is failing sequentially . We 're losing systems faster than we can compensate with backups . What about changing over to isolinear circuitry ? Torres is working on it , but it 's a long way from being ready . It couldn 't even maintain life support at this point . Propulsion is down . Every system on the main grid is down- - communication , transporters , turbolifts , and life support . Bridge to Engineering . Torres here , Captain . Transfer whatever power you can to life support , and keep working on the isolinear circuitry . Understood . The manual override isn 't working , sir . Can 't get the main cargo door open either . Tuvok to Bridge . This is Lieutenant Tuvok . Is anyone receiving this message ? It appears our duty stations will have to do without us for the time being . Captain , life support is failing . Deck 15 has lost all power , and Deck 7 has lost its gravitational grid . Sick Bay to Bridge . Captain , I believe we may have something . Go ahead , Doctor . The gel packs are incapable of responding to an infection in the same way that humanoid organisms do . With a fever . Exactly . We 've experimented with heating the samples of bio-neural circuitry we have here , and the results are promising . Of course , we don 't have the ability to produce the amount of heat needed to wipe out a shipwide infection . Janeway to Torres . Torres here . If we wanted to superheat the gel pack system- - to raise its temperature , so to speak- - how could we do it ? I suppose we could infuse the gel pack circuits with a high-energy plasma burst from a symmetric warp field . But we 'd have to generate that heat by inverting the warp field toward the ship . Right . We could produce the required energy by getting the warp engines to 80 percent of maximum while we 're standing still . Then we could initiate the plasma burst . Can we get to 80 percent with all the control failures we have ? If we reroute the emergency power to the warp engines , it might be enough , but it 's a risky move . I 'm aware of that , but I think we have to try it . Divert all power , including life support , to the warp engines . Aye , Captain . Mr. Paris , deactivate the nacelle control system and prepare to engage the warp engines . Nacelle controls deactivated . Ready to go . Do it . What 's that noise ? Ah . This conduit 's getting very hot . So am I. It 's getting awfully warm in here . Something 's wrong , very wrong . I don 't like this at all . I would surmise that the Captain is making some effort to deal with the systems ' failures . The fact that we do not know what that effort entails may lead us to imagine the worst . We must not let fear get the best of us . Mr. Gerron , it is possible the console in the control room is still functioning . Please see if you can open the doors from there . Yes , sir . ln the meantime , we can attempt to access one of the Jefferies tubes through the forward bulkhead . I don 't know about the bacteria , but I 'm about ready to pass out . Engines are only at 7 4 percent of maximum . That 's not enough for a plasma burst . Mr. Paris , increase antimatter flow . It 's having an effect , Captain . Temperature is at 340 kelvins . Can we get the engines a little hotter ? Mr. Paris , get us to 80 percent of maximum- - somehow . I 'll try . Okay , we 're at 360 kelvins . Engines are at 79 percent of maximum . I think we can risk it . Bridge to Torres . lnitiate the plasma burst . Aye , Captain , but be prepared- - it might blow out some of the conduits . Acknowledged . Go ahead . The plasma gas will become toxic within minutes . We must leave immediately . What about Gerron ? We can 't leave him ! Get in the Jefferies tube . I cannot risk losing any more of you to save one man . What is that , some kind of Starfleet rule ? It is always tactically correct to sacrifice the few for the many . I don 't give a Circassian fig what 's tactically correct . I 'm going back for him . This is one time when retreat is not an option ! Get in the Jefferies tube now . Mr. Dalby , I will break your arm if you do not follow my order . I won 't forget this . You 're letting him die . Keep moving . Janeway to Sick Bay . Report . Bacterial levels are dropping , Captain . If they continue , we should be able to purge the system within a few minutes . Keep me informed . We need life support back on line as soon as possible . I 'll get back to you right away , Captain . Sick Bay to Bridge . Repeat , Sick Bay to Bridge . Can anyone hear me ? Come in , Doctor . All of the infectious bacteria have been destroyed . The danger of further infection has passed . Mr. Kim ... start getting our systems back on line . Aye , Captain . Come on , come on ! I think he 's all right . I thought Starfleet rules said that was an unacceptable risk , going back to save him . It was . However , I recently realized that there are times when it is desirable to bend the rules . Lieutenant , if you can learn to bend the rules , I guess we can learn to follow them . Come on . Let 's get you two to Sick Bay .
