 Regeneration phase completed . Deactivate the genotron . Shut down the bio-matrix . B 'Elanna ... B 'Elanna Torres . Wake up . Captain 's Log , Stardate 48784.2 . We have completed our survey of the Avery system and are returning to retrieve Lieutenants Paris , Torres and Durst . By now , they should have concluded their inspection of the magnesite formations on the third planet . Here we are , Mr. Tuvok . One bowl of authentic Vulcan plomeek soup . As I have told you , Mr. Neelix , this is an unnecessary indulgence . I am quite content to eat whatever the rest of the crew is eating . Nonsense ! Everyone aboard this ship deserves a little taste of home every now and then . Very well , then . Thank you . Oh , don 't thank me . I 'm having a marvelous time experimenting with the native dishes of the entire crew . So far , I 've learned to make corn salad for Mr. Chakotay and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for Mr. Paris . He calls it " comfort food . " Isn 't that charming ? What are you waiting for ? It 's no good cold . Well ? It is rather ... piquant . It is zesty , isn 't it ? I tried following the recipe in the computer 's data bank , but it seemed so bland . So I took the liberty of spicing it up a bit . Call it plomeek soup o la Neelix . I must point out that if you take the liberty of changing a time-honored recipe , you are hardly presenting a taste of home . Senior officers , please report to the Bridge . But your soup . Please ... enjoy it . Oh ! Ooh , there 's no place like home . The away team hasn 't arrived at the prearranged coordinates , Captain , and they 've failed to respond to our hails . Have you tried locking on to their com signals ? We scanned the entire surface . No sign of them . They must still be underground . But I can 't locate them there , either . Then , as we suspected , the dense magnesite formations in the planet 's crust are blocking our sensors . Take a look at this . This is the cave system nearest the beam-in coordinates as it appeared in our initial geological scan and this is the same system now . This tunnel here has shifted to the west by almost 7 5 degrees . Are you saying walls of solid rock have changed shape in the two days since the away team was deployed ? Apparently so , Captain , but our initial scans didn 't indicate tectonic activity of anywhere near that magnitude . ln any case , it 's possible that Torres and the others haven 't returned to the beam-out site because they were trapped by these geological shifts . I 'd like to lead a team down to investigate , Captain . And what is to prevent us from losing you as well , Commander ? Bread crumbs . Ensign ? Oh , I 'm sorry , Captain . What I mean to say is I think I can modify some subspace transponders which could be deployed along the Commander 's path , kind of like ... Bread crumbs . Got it . If they 're placed at regular intervals , I believe they 'll maintain a signal link with the ship and they could serve as a transporter relay in case we need to stage an emergency beam-out . Very well , Commander . Take a team with you , but I want a transporter lock on you at all times . Aye , Captain . Tuvok , Kim , you 're with me . I apologize for the restraints , but your presence here is very important to us . Do you understand ? Who ... are ... you ? I am Sulan , Chief Surgeon of the Vidiian Sodality . I demand ... to know ... what is happening here . You 've surgically altered my face ! I look like a Klingon ! I 've performed no surgery , as you understand the term . There are several questions I need to ask you before we proceed . You can 't possibly believe I 'm going to cooperate with you . Perhaps I was in error to leave your consciousness and memory intact . Durst ... Paris ... What have you done with them ? ! What is your exact age , Klingon ? If you want me to answer your question , you will have to answer one of mine first . Very well . What ... exactly ... have you done to me ? I have reconstituted your genome . You are now purely Klingon . That 's not possible ! I assure you it is . I have developed a procedure to stimulate cell division . A kind of ... enhanced mitosis . Your Klingon genetic material was extracted . It was then converted from matter to energy by our genotron . Finally ... you were rematerialized as the purified Klingon specimen that you are now . Why ? Why ... have you done this ? ! For generations , my people have been searching the Quadrant for a species immune to our disease , in the hope that it would lead us to a cure . And you think Klingons are immune to this phage ? I believe your genetic structure has phage-resistant nucleotide sequences , yes . But I needed a pure specimen to be certain . My people do not know it yet , but you are their greatest hope . I ... will ... never help you ! You are very strong . I can only hope that you will be truly resistant to the phage . And how will you know that ? I have infected you . They 're the ones with the guns , remember ? We 've got to find a way out of this place . Agreed , but I don 't want to do anything until we find out what they 've done with B 'Elanna . ln the meantime , we have to keep track of the guards ' movements- - how long are their shifts when do they eat , when do they sleep . There don 't seem to be many of them . I guess they figure we 're all so exhausted , we don 't have any fight left . We 'll find an opening , Pete , and when the time is right , we 'll make our move . Something funny , friend ? You . Really ? How 's that ? Nobody ever escapes from this place . Those Vidiian leeches can yank the beating heart out of you- - in a heartbeat . Heart out of you in a heartbeat . Now , that 's funny . Hilarious . Seems like you know this place pretty well . I should . I 've been here six years . Then tell me something ... I thought those Vidiians were in the business of harvesting organs . How come we 're all still in one piece ? The disease makes them weak . They need somebody to dig their tunnels . That 's us . Best way to keep alive around here is to stay strong . Thanks for the advice . But don 't worry . They 're always in need of replacement body parts . They 'll get around to gutting you eventually . There were 23 of us from my ship . I 'm the only one left . Listen , when they grabbed us , there was a woman with us- - B 'Elanna Torres . Any idea what might 've happened to her ? If she 's not here , she 's been taken to organ processing . I 've deployed the transponders , Commander . The relay signal is coming through clearly . Good work . Any sign of them ? According to my tricorder readings , they definitely came this way . The question is : Where did they go from here ? Delightful spot to get lost . Commander , Ensign , over here . What is it ? I detect traces of at least five humanoid life-forms . Five ? There were only three on the away team . Evidently , they did not enter this cavern alone . Are you in pain ? It 's ... nothing . Remarkable . One of the symptoms of the early stages of the phage is excruciating joint pain . I find it extraordinary that you can endure it . Some who are infected have been known to die from the agony itself . It 's going to take more than an infection to kill me . It appears you are correct . Your body is successfully fighting off the phage . I am overjoyed . How delightful for you . Soon we will begin a series of procedures replicating your genetic code and attempting various methods of integrating your DNA with our own . ln time , we 'll be successful and eliminate the phage forever . When that time comes , you will be honored as a hero by my people . I know I 'm the first Klingon you 've ever seen , so I 'll tell you that Klingons find honor as warriors on the battlefield , not as guinea pigs in a laboratory . Earlier , you accused me of mutilating you . Now you sound positively proud to be Klingon . You have me to thank for that , B 'Elanna . You 'll get no gratitude from me . Perhaps you 'll feel different in time . But I don 't blame you for your obstinance . I would be proud , too , with a form as handsome as yours . I believe Klingons are the most impressive species I have ever seen . Tom ... Tom , wake up . B 'Elanna ? Yeah . It 's me . B 'Elanna , what have they done to you ? I remember them grabbing us outside the caves and then I ... I guess I just blacked out . Yeah . They stunned all of us . The next thing I knew , they were waking me up in some kind of laboratory . I was so groggy I couldn 't see . I asked them what they had done to me and then one of them said that they had completely extracted my Klingon DNA . That doesn 't seem possible ... but you look human . I feel so weak and sick to my stomach . Well , considering what they 've done to you , I 'm not surprised . So strange . What ? When I was a child , I did everything I could to hide my forehead- - hats , scarves- - you name it . When I was a kid , I wore a cap to cover the haircuts my father used to make me get , first day of every summer . I grew up in a colony on Kessik iv . My mother and I were the only Klingons there , and that was a time when relations between the Homeworld and the Federation weren 't too cordial . Nobody ever said anything , but ... we were different ... and I didn 't like that feeling . Then ... my father left ... when I was five years old . One day he was there , and the next , he wasn 't . I cried myself to sleep every night for months ... but of course , I never told anybody . And then I finally decided that he left because I looked like a Klingon ... and so I tried to look human . Looks like you finally got what you wanted . Strange . What is ? According to our last geological scan , this cave should continue straight ahead for another eight kilometers . This is solid granite , more than 50 meters . If these caves were changing configuration while we were here , we certainly would 've felt it . True , Commander , but I do not believe there has been any tectonic activity . I believe this wall is merely an illusion- - a disguised force field . Away team to Voyager . Go ahead , Commander . We 've run into some type of force field , Captain . One minute , we were reading an empty tunnel , and the next , we walked right into a solid wall of rock . Captain , the energy configuration of the force field matrix is virtually identical to those used by the Vidiians . Mr. Ayala ... scan for any alien vessels in the sector . Commander , we know from past experience that our phasers can disrupt that force field . I want to find out what 's in there . Aye , Captain . But I don 't want you taking any unnecessary risks . We 'll be standing by to implement an emergency beam-out . Acknowledged . It 's not working , Captain . Try reconfiguring your phaser to match the bandwidth modulation . Commander ! Three to beam up ! B 'Elanna . How are you feeling today ? I feel strong . It 's very frustrating to be restrained like this . I sympathize . I don 't like being chained up like an animal . I 'm sorry . I wish there was ... I 've been thinking about what you 've said . It 's because of you that I am Klingon . And I do ... like ... this feeling . ln a strange way , I suppose ... I am grateful . Did you know that Klingon females are renowned in the Alpha Quadrant not only for their physical prowess , but for their ... voracious ... sexual appetites as well ? Why not let your creation out of her harness ? Study her in action . I wish it were possible , B 'Elanna ... but I 'm afraid I can 't risk releasing you just yet . Forgive me . For what ? Please ... don 't condescend . I may have a grotesque appearance , but I assure you my instincts are finely honed , and I do have feelings . Hard as it may be for you to imagine , B 'Elanna , my people were once handsome and vigorous like yours . And with your help , we will be again . Perhaps , when that time comes ... I will not disgust you quite so much as I do now . They 're coming to take us to the work detail . You can 't let them see how sick you are . Maybe if they think I 'm too weak , they 'll leave me behind . I could try to get my hands on that console over there . Or maybe they 'll skip the preliminaries and take you straight to organ processing . You . Come with me . What for ? You asked to contact your ship . The Prefect wishes to discuss your request . I 'm the senior officer here . If your superiors want to talk with one of us , it should be me . He 's not going anywhere without me ! Tom , don 't . They 'll kill you . Stop ! It 's okay , Tom . They 're the ones with the guns , remember ? What is it ? Now that the Vidiians know we 're here , we have to be prepared for the possibility that they 'll call in reinforcements . So far , long-range sensors haven 't located any alien vessels near here . However , it is possible that the same technology that disguises their force fields , cloaks their ships . The other thing we have to consider is that the prisoners may be at greater risk now . Captain , take a look at this . Using our tricorder data , I 've been able to scan the entire planet for the force field signature , and it looks like the field surrounds an area more than 600 kilometers in circumference . Is there any way to scan inside it ? Every reconfiguration I 've tried has failed . If it 's the same kind of force field the Vidiians used the last time we ran into them , why didn 't our phasers breach it ? Apparently , it has been adapted to repulse phaser fire . If the Vidiians can move in and out of there , so can we . Start setting up simulations . Find a way to get through that force field . B 'Elanna ? I have something I want to show you . Durst ... I thought perhaps this new face would make you more comfortable with me . You 've killed him . Yes , B 'Elanna , but his organs will save more than a dozen lives . Deep-level scans have revealed a network of microfissures , minuscule openings which develop briefly each time the field matrix remodulates . Just how small are these microfissures ? Less than one micron . And they close up within a few seconds . Would it be possible to use our phasers to expand one of these openings as it 's forming ? That was our first thought . But we realized such an attempt would have to be at close range and would carry the risk of alerting the Vidiians to our presence . So then it occurred to us- - if we could narrow the transporter 's energy beam tightly enough , it might be possible to transport one of us through the microfissures . Of course , timing the transport to the precise moment of an opening would be critical . But if we could get someone inside , we might be able to find our people and also deactivate the force field . And then , presumably , we could beam everyone back to the ship . Precisely . But you should be aware that because we are incapable of scanning beyond the force field , we will have no way of communicating with whoever transports inside it , nor will we be able to verify that the transport has been successfully completed . Moreover , what 's to prevent whoever goes in from being captured by the Vidiians ? I have an idea about that , Captain . Dermal stimulator , please . Remarkable work , Doctor . If you think this is remarkable , you should see me remove a bunion . I have done my best to replicate Vidiian attire . I trust it will prove sufficiently convincing . It 's a fine piece of work , Mr. Tuvok . Next time I need a tailor , I 'll know just where to look . Quickly now ! ln there ! Here , B 'Elanna . Sit down . Here . It 's water . Thanks . Rest while you can . The guard won 't be back right away . Keep it . Tom ... I 've been thinking . When they did this thing to me , I think it changed more than just the way I look . What do you mean ? Back there , when they took Durst away ... I was ... terrified . No one could blame you for that . You don 't understand . I 've been in worse situations , but I 've never felt like that before . Never . I mean ... my heart was pounding and my hands were shaking . I didn 't even try to help you . B 'Elanna , I 'm no doctor , but I have to believe that whatever they did to you has seriously depleted your strength . There 's nothing you could 've done . No , that 's not it . I think that ... when they extracted my Klingon DNA ... they turned me into some kind of a coward . Sometimes fear can be a good thing . It keeps you from taking unnecessary chances . Courage doesn 't mean that you don 't have fear . It means that you 've learned to overcome it . And I know you can find the courage to hold on until we can find a way out of this place . What 's going on here ? She 's ill . She needed a rest . If she 's too weak , I 'll take her back to the barracks . That 's okay , Tom . Maybe from there , I can try to make contact with the ship . The emitter array has been initialized , Captain . Good . Are you ready , Mr. Chakotay ? Captain , there 's an opening forming in the force field . lnitiating auto sequence . Targeting scanners to match coordinates . Scanners locked . On my mark , Mr. Kim . Energize . Well ... now we wait . Make a sound and I 'll break your neck . Understand ? I 'm looking for my friend , Tom Paris- - a human male . Have you seen him ? He was here , but they sent him to another tunnel . Which one ? Back that way . There was another human with him , but they took her back to the barracks . A human female ? Yeah ... I need your help here . What are you doing ? ! Come with us . Where are you taking me ? For a shower and a hot meal . No , please ! Wake up , pahtk ! Eat ! What ... what is it ? Some rodent I killed . No . Thanks . I 'm sorry I can 't replicate you a souffle , but you need nourishment . I can 't carry you all the way out of here . How are we supposed to escape this place ? There are guards everywhere . We fight our way out . Maybe you haven 't noticed , but I 'm not exactly in fighting form . That 's why you need food . Eat ! So ... you 're what 's left over when all the Klingon DNA is taken out . Apparently . If I hadn 't come along , were you just going to waste away in that prison camp until they killed you for your body parts ? Were you too frightened to act ? I was looking for a way to escape . Looking ! I 'll show you the way to escape . This and this . That 's the way you respond to every situation , isn 't it ? If it doesn 't work , hit it . If it 's in your way , knock it down . No wonder I got kicked out of the Academy . For which you should be eternally grateful . Well , I 'm not . Your temper has gotten me into trouble more times than I can ... Listen to me . Listen to us . This is ridiculous . Do you realize that we 're each fighting with our self ? I 'm not the one who 's fighting , pahtk . If I remember correctly , I 'm the one who rescued you from that prison and carried you here . Don 't you think you could at least acknowledge that ? Can 't you even admit that you won 't be able to get out of here without me ? I don 't know that I can get out of here with you . Brute force isn 't going to do it . Maybe not ! Maybe we 'll die in the attempt , but that 's better than sitting here like frightened Tika cats doing nothing ! There you go again- - out of control . Just leaping into action before you think things through . Fine ! You stay here . I 'm getting out . No , wait a minute . That 's not what I meant . I 'm sorry . Please ... Just before ... you rescued me ... I logged onto the Vidiians ' computer system . I only had a few seconds , but I think I found a way to access the force field that 's cloaking this place . With a few minutes more , I could 've deactivated it . Then Voyager could get a lock on us . Beam us back . Paris , too . It may not be as exciting as fighting our way out , but it stands a much better chance of working if ... I have your help . So ... you need me . I can 't get back to that computer without you and you 'll have to cover for me while I work . We can 't go to the prison barracks . There are too many guards there . ln the lab , where they were holding me , there was a security console . That 's the last place they would expect us to be . They must have taken her to organ processing . Tell me how to get there . Keep your hands off me ! Whatever you say , Paris , but I thought you might like to get out of this place . Chakotay ? Where are Torres and Durst ? I think they 've been taken to what the Vidiians call " organ processing . " You ! Why are you talking to that prisoner ? I was ordered to take him to organ processing . Why wasn 't I notified ? I was told you had been . I 've never seen you before . My face was just grafted . Very well . Take him , but from now on , I expect to be notified in advance of all transfers . Yes , sir . There . I have to bypass the security code , so I can access the force field grid . Then I 'll have a better idea of what we 're dealing with . That should do it . There . That 's what we 're up against , and I think we 're ... here . Can you shut it down ? I 'm working on it . What now ? If they didn 't know we were here before , they do now . Take it easy . I 'll be done in a minute . You 're not frightened anymore , are you ? Maybe I just don 't have time to think about it . Are you hurt ? Keep working ! B 'Elanna ! Stop . You 're not going to hurt me . You need me . You 're right , but if you do not surrender , I will kill her . Drop it ! Who are you ? That 's what I want to know ! It 's Chakotay . I think I 've just about accessed the force field . Hurry ! Got it ! There . Captain , the force field has been disrupted . Mr. Kim , can you get a lock on Commander Chakotay ? Chakotay to Voyager . Do you read ? Loud and clear , Commander . I found them , Captain . No ! No ! Three humans and one Klingon to beam up . She 's badly wounded , Captain . Beam her to Sick Bay ! Don 't . No time . You showed true courage . It makes my death ... an honorable one . Using tissue from your counterpart , I can replicate the Klingon DNA . Then , over the course of several days , I 'll reintegrate that genetic material into your cellular structure . Wait a minute- - you 're not saying that you 're going to change me back . That 's precisely what I 'm saying . Your cells ' ability to synthesize proteins has been severely compromised . You need the Klingon genes to survive . So , she 's saving my life again . I 'll get started on the DNA . How are you doing ? I 'm not sure . It 's been a pretty strange experience . I do know that right now ... the way I am ... I 'm more at peace with myself than I 've ever been before and that 's a good feeling . But ... ? I 'm incomplete . It doesn 't feel like me . I guess I 've had someone else living inside of me for too long to feel right without her . I 'd have to say that you two made quite a team down there . I know . I came to admire a lot of things about her- - her strength , her bravery ... I guess ... I just have to accept the fact that I 'll spend the rest of my life fighting with her .
