 Jeffrey , Belle , we 're going to be late if we don 't hurry . Come on , now . Line up next to the door , children . Your father 's ready to leave for work . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . All right . Show me your fingernails . Very nicely done . Are your shoes polished ? Perfect . I 'm very pleased , children , and I 'm sure your father will be , too . I want to be first to say good-bye to Daddy . Jeffrey always goes first . You were first yesterday . Now , children , little birds in their nest get along . You 're right , Mother . I 'm sorry , Belle . You can go first . No , it 's really your turn . I did go first yesterday . Here he comes ! All right , now . Bright , happy faces . The coffee was quite good this morning . I 'm so glad you like it . I replicated a new blend from Paksor III . I 'll be home at the usual time . Now , don 't let them overwork you . You should save yourself for the important things . Others can do the busywork . I couldn 't agree more . I hope you have a good day , Father . I 'll have my homework finished by the time you get back . I 'll look forward to reviewing it , Jeffrey . And is my little angel going to get an " A " on her history exam today ? Of course I will , Daddy . And can we do some algebra problems when you get home ? Gladly . And don 't forget- - you 're going to ask some of your friends from work to have dinner with us . I 'd like to meet them . I haven 't forgotten . Well ... good-bye , all . Good-bye , Good-bye , Good-bye , Daddy . Father. darling . How 's the new holofamily , Doctor ? They 're everything I could 've hoped for . Captain 's Log , Stardate 50836.2 . We 've had long-range communications with a seemingly friendly race known as the Vostigye . We 'll be rendezvousing within the hour at one of their space stations . Ensign Kim , perhaps you could direct your attention to the sensors and tell us if we 're nearing the Vostigye space station . We should be getting close . That 's funny . I 'm not detecting it . You 've checked the coordinates they sent us ? Yes , and ... Hold on . Now I 'm getting something . It 's ... debris . Debris ? ! Confirmed . I am reading a debris field encompassing nearly 80 cubic kilometers . What 's the composition of the debris ? Boronite , sarium , carbon 60 composites . Sounds like it could 've been a space station . On screen . What happened to it ? Something ripped it apart . And from the energy decay readings , I 'd say it was no more than an hour ago . I 'm not picking up any life signs , Captain . There don 't appear to be any survivors . There were 60 Vostigye scientists on that station . I don 't read any recognizable weapon signatures . Maybe somebody in this part of space has weapons that don 't leave a traditional signature . I 'd like to know who they are , and why they 'd annihilate a science station . Maybe we can find out , Captain . There 's a strange pattern that seems to be emanating from subspace . Looks like some kind of plasma particles . I 've got it , too . It 's like a ... a wake leading away from the debris field . From a ship ? I can 't tell . Set a course to follow it , Tom . Yes , ma 'am . Optical processors , imaging array- - they all check out , Doctor . You are in perfect health . I 'm sure I could 've told you that . Yes , I 'm sure you could have , but with all the tinkering you 've been doing with your program lately , I 'd feel better giving you these little tune-ups on a regular basis . The tinkering you speak of has been for the sole purpose of improving my performance as a physician . I can hardly be faulted for that . I 'm not faulting you for your intentions , Doctor . I think it 's rather commendable that you want to improve yourself . That 's why I 've created a family . A family ? I 've listened to enough patients talk about their families to realize how meaningful they are to biological beings . For better or worse , yes . The Doctor has created a holographic wife and two children , so that he can experience family life for himself . Interesting . And how 's it going so far ? Splendidly . From what I heard , I thought it would be difficult , but I 'm enjoying the experience . You are ? Funny . I never thought of you as a family man , Doc . I 'd like to meet them . As a matter of fact , the " little woman " has been asking me to bring some of my colleagues home for dinner . Perhaps you and Kes would care to join us tonight ? Charlene is a wonderful cook . I 'd like to meet them , too . Well , Doc , tell your wife to haul out the good china . You 're having company . Ah . Please , have some more wild mushroom pilaf , B 'Elanna . Uh , thanks . I 've had two helpings already . It 's delicious . I took a course in continental cuisine so I could replicate interesting meals for Kenneth . Kenneth ? My husband . What do you call him ? Oh , we call him Doctor . Oh , of course . Anyway , he works terribly hard and he 's under such great stress . I want this home to be his sanctuary , the place he can come and have all the cares of the day disappear . How nice for him . My daddy is a very important man . He 's the best doctor there ever was , and he saves people 's lives all the time . A slight exaggeration . It is not ! You said ... Belle , eat your dinner . They 're well aware of my talents . Jeffrey , why don 't you tell our guests about your new project at school . I 've designed a micro-filter implant which will make it possible to cleanse blood of harmful microorganisms too small to stimulate an immune response . Jeffrey is extremely bright . He 's in the accelerated physical sciences program at school . A regular chip off the old block , right ? And don 't forget about our little Belle . She 's already studying algebra and trigonometry and she 's quite the budding athlete . You must be very proud of your family , Doctor . Oh ... Well , we 're proud of him , too . In fact , we think we have just about the most wonderful husband and father in the Quadrant , don 't we ? Computer , freeze program . Yes , we d ... Lieutenant , what are you doing ? I am stopping this before my blood sugar levels overload . Doctor ... Yes ? If you think that this is giving you an accurate impression of being in a family , you are sadly mistaken . I don 't understand . They 're kind of perfect . They are ridiculously perfect . No one has a family like this . This is a fantasy . You 're not going to learn anything from being with these ... lollipops . I provided the computer with my requirements for a mate and children . If I were to choose a real wife , my taste would be the same- - intelligence , education , organizational skills ... There is nothing wrong with your premise , Doctor . It just needs a little tweaking to bring it closer to real life . I can help ... if you 'd like . Captain , the particle wake we 've been following is beginning to thin out . Is there any indication what caused it ? I am detecting no ships , no structures , no weapon signatures . Wait a minute . Something . I see it , too . A subspace disruption . What 's causing it ? I can 't tell , but it 's getting more intense . Shields up . Red Alert . Tom , back us off . Something 's coming out of subspace . Tom , move us away ! I don 't have engines ! Propulsion is off-line . So is navigational control . Bridge to Engineering . We need power . I 'm on it , Captain . The anomaly is bearing down on us , heading 047 mark 19 . Brace for impact . It hit our starboard shields . There 's damage on Deck 3 . Ready weapons . We 're going to disperse it . Phasers on line ... Wait a minute . I 'm not afraid to say it . I 've never seen anything like that before . Damage report . 20 percent loss of the starboard dorsal shields and minor buckling of the hull on Deck 3 . No indication of casualties . We 've got propulsion systems back on line . I think I can put some distance between us and whatever that was . Maybe we don 't want to . We 've just witnessed a phenomenon none of us has ever heard of before , much less experienced . On a purely scientific level , I think we owe it to ourselves to investigate . I 'm looking at the telemetry we collected . It was an astral eddy that seems to have formed at the confluence of space and subspace . It was highly charged with plasma . That explains the particle wake . If we could harness some of that energy , we could go off replicator rations for a while . Captain , we don 't have any idea what caused that phenomenon or what made it dissipate . So how do we investigate it if it 's gone ? I suspect there are conditions in this part of space that lend themselves to the formation of those eddies . Set sensors for continuous scans of subspace . Maybe we can anticipate the next one . I thought for a long time about what Lieutenant Torres said and I finally concluded she was right . If I 'm going to have the experience of a family , it should be as authentic as possible . What changes have you asked her to make in the program ? Oh , she 's already made them . She simply added some randomized behavioral algorithms to the program I constructed . How will that affect your family ? Events will simply unfold as a natural evolution of probabilities within the program . But there 's no way to predict what those might be . That could mean a few surprises . Are you sure you 're ready for this ? My database contains everything there is to know about pediatric care and childhood development . I can 't imagine a parenting problem I couldn 't handle . Your wife will have changed , too . Well , I have had some experience with romantic relationships . I don 't anticipate any problems there . Sounds like you have it all worked out . When do you plan on meeting this new , improved family ? Right now . I 'm due home for dinner . Computer , initiate Doctor 's family program Beta-Rho and transfer the EMH to Holodeck 2 . Hello ! I 'm ... home . There you are . I thought you 'd never get here . It was a busy day . I was quite challenged by the task of preparing a DNA probe to test Ensign Parson 's glial cells . It seems he has a microbial infection . Rather unusual . Tell me about it when I get home . I 'm late already . Late ? Oh ... it 's Wednesday , remember ? I 'm speaking at the Bolian Embassy . Ah , right . Is dinner ready ? It 's your night to cook . Mom , I can 't find my ion mallet ! If you cleaned your room , you 'd have better luck ! What is that noise ? Oh ... I 've had to listen to it all day . Maybe you can do something about it . Daddy ! You 've got to help me ! I 'll be late for practice . Coach Morgan will be furious if I 'm late again . If you put your mallet in your closet when you were done with it , you 'd know where it was . I know that , Daddy ! Oh ! Tell Jeffrey to turn that off ! It makes my eyes hurt ! Mine , too . Jeffrey ! Jeffrey ! What ? What is that music ? Klingon . Well , turn it down ! You can 't do your homework with that noise . - Daddy , I can 't find my mallet ! - I know that , Belle . The coach will send me down to the second team ! Well , perhaps that will teach you a lesson . You don 't understand anything ! Belle , you have to realize ... Where 's Jeffrey ? Who are you ? Friends . Do you have names ? Larg . K 'Kath . Well , Larg , K 'Kath , you 'll have to come back later . Jeffrey 's doing his homework . He invited us . Daddy ! I need my ion mallet ! I ... ! Just a minute . I 'm sorry , but Jeffrey can 't see friends until he has finished his homework . Dad ... I asked them to come . Daddy ! Jeffrey , this is unacceptable . It 'll only take a minute . We have some business we have to do . Business ? yigHoS pa 'wijdaQ Qay 'be' Where 's my mallet ? I need it now ! Young man ! You 're mean ! You don 't love me as much as Mommy does . She 'd help me find my mallet ! I want Mommy ! I want Mommy ! I want Mommy ! I want Mommy ! Nothing striking your fancy , Lieutenant ? Isn 't this the fourth day in a row , we 've had the same casserole ? Pleeka rinds and grub meal- - very tasty , if I do say so myself . Well , you did a great job with it , no question . It 'd just be nice to have a little variety . Well , you 're perfectly free to use the replicators . Um , I 'm out of rations . Then ... enjoy the casserole . A beautiful woman should never have to eat alone . What are you reading ? It 's nothing important . Women Warriors at the River of Blood ? It 's just ... escapist reading . " Rorg turned his fierce eye upon her and M 'Nea felt her heart begin to quicken even as her hand went to her dagger . She had intended to plunge it into his throat , but something about him made her hesitate . " B 'Elanna , is this a Klingon romance novel ? Klingons do have what you might call a romantic side . It 's a bit more vigorous than most . I think I 'll read it . Maybe it 'll give me some ideas about how to make your heart quicken . It 's not a technical manual , Tom . Well , that depends on what you mean by " technical . " To an engineer , that means ... " specializing in particular systems . " I think that definition works . Well , I can 't promise I won 't put a dagger in your throat . Have you heard about the Doctor 's new family ? How 's it going ? I think he was a little overwhelmed at first , but I have to give him credit . He 's sticking with it . It 's hard to imagine the Doctor with children . Senior staff to the Bridge immediately . Tom , I want to send a probe into that anomaly . Can you hold position close enough for us to get accurate telemetry ? I can try . Be ready to move away quickly if it starts moving toward us . Sorry about that . Just trying to find a way to ride the graviton waves it 's throwing off . There . That 's a little better . We 're in as good a position as we 're going to be . Tuvok ? The probe has been launched . Actually , this is kind of fun . Speak for yourself . We 're starting to receive telemetry . Captain , this is one weird disturbance . I 'm reading a temperature gradient of nine million kelvins , massive discharges of plasmatic energy and there 's a perfectly calm eye at the center . Apparently , some of the matter inside it is being exchanged between space and subspace . What about the plasma ? Is there any way we can transfer some of it to Voyager ? I don 't see how . We can 't transport with this kind of turbulence . Maybe we could try a ... We lost it . Where 's the probe ? It 's disappeared . It 's still transmitting , but there 's a lot of interference . I 'm detecting some kind of unstable interfold layer , not in space or subspace . It could be where the eddies originate and where the probe is now . We 've got another particle wake . Since we can 't get plasma directly from the eddies , maybe we could collect some from their wakes . The Bussard collectors could be modified to gather plasma particles . We could do that , but Voyager 's energy emissions are so high , they 'd corrupt the particles . I 'm not sure the plasma would be much use to us . What if I took a shuttle out ? The energy emissions would be a lot lower . That sounds like it 's worth a try . Well , you 'd be exposing yourself to radiation poisoning . Check with the Doctor . Maybe he can give you some kind of protection . Yes , ma 'am . I 'll head to the shuttle bay as soon as I 'm done . I 've given you a combination of hyronalin and lectrazine . That should give you temporary protection . But I can 't guarantee its duration . That 's all right , Doc . I don 't think I 'll be out there too long . If I know you , you 'll push it to the limit . You enjoy flirting with danger . You know me too well . You were undoubtedly one of those children who had to climb the highest tree ... scale the tallest cliff . That was me . I can only imagine what you must have put your parents through . How 's the family , Doc ? I hear they 're a real handful . Indeed . However , I have analyzed the situation and come up with a solution . There should be no more problems . You make it sound like you 're treating a sick patient . I 'm not sure you can diagnose and cure a family . We 'll see . You 're in fine physical shape , Lieutenant . You may go ahead and engage in this reckless activity . Thanks , Doc . Where 's Jeffrey ? ! He 's coming . I asked everyone to be here at 1600 hours , precisely . Jeffrey was asleep . Asleep ? In the middle of the afternoon ? Is this true ? Were you asleep ? Are you sick ? I had a late night . That 's one of the matters I want to discuss . Thank you all for coming . I thought it would be a good idea if we had a family meeting . In fact , I 'd like to do this on a regular basis . That 's something to look forward to . If you have something to say , Jeffrey , say it so everyone can hear . Nothing . I 've been feeling that this family is beginning to spin out of control . As husband and father , I believe it is my duty to set some parameters . It 's part of good parenting . What are parameters ? Limits . Boundaries . To that end , I have drawn up a revised family schedule and a list of rules and regulations . I 'd like you all to study them carefully . You 've rearranged my lecture nights ! I had to do that in order to make everything work . Everybody has had to make some sacrifices . Daddy ! You changed parrises ' squares from Monday-Wednesday-Friday to Tuesday-Thursday-Saturday ! - Mm-hmm . - That puts me on the second team ! I 'm good enough to be on the first team ! You shouldn 't be on the first team . You 're not old enough . As I said , Belle , we must all make sacrifices . What sacrifices did you make ? I will make dinner on the nights your mother lectures . You do that anyway . That 's not a sacrifice . What 's this mean about no Klingon friends ? ! Exactly that . They 're a bad influence on you . They 're prone to violence , they keep you out till all hours . Why don 't you find some nice Vulcan friends ? You can 't just decide who my friends will be ! Hold on . Kenneth , that may be a bit unreasonable . Charlene ? You know very well how important it is to keep a united front . I expect you to support me in these decisions . Well , if that 's what you expect then maybe you should have asked my opinion before you started unilaterally deciding things . I 'm not one of the children , after all . I believe I should have some say in just what rules and regulations are established ! And I think it 's unfair for you to tell Jeffrey what friends he can and cannot have . Right ! This whole meeting is a vulky idea ! And you can have it without me . Jeffrey , you were not excused ! You 've upset him . Let him go . I don 't want to argue this in front of the children . We 'll discuss it later . You really made a mess of things , didn 't you , Daddy ? Apparently so . Although , I must admit , I fail to understand the reaction . I ... I 'm just trying to help the family function better . How does it make the family function better if I go to parrises ' squares Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday ? Belle , you 've been playing with children two and three years older than you . That 's much too dangerous . But that 's what 's fun about it . You 're not old enough to realize how hazardous that game can be . It 's up to me to keep you safe . I ... I 'm just trying to be a good father . If it 'll help , Daddy , I 'll be on the second team . Thank you , Belle . That 's very grown-up of you . And I think you 're a very good father . Why ... thank you . I love you , Daddy ... even if you did make a mess of things . Voyager to Shuttlecraft Cochrane Do you read ? Loud and clear , Captain . I 'm about 3,000 kilometers from the eddy . As soon as it dissipates , I 'll head for the particle wake . If this one follows the pattern of the others , it should begin to collapse within a few seconds . That 's good . I 'm beginning to wish I hadn 't had that second helping of French toast this morning . Captain . The eddy is starting to dissipate . Stand by , Tom . I 'm ready . I 'm in position , Captain . Activating the Bussard collectors . It 's working . This may save us from Neelix 's pleeka rind casserole after all . We 'll all thank you for that . Captain . Subspace disruption . Is another eddy forming ? It looks that way . Tom , get out of there ... now . I 'm going . Harry , can you beam him out ? Transporters are off line . I 'm working on them . Tom , are you there ? It 's pulling me in ! I don 't have enough power ! Where are the transporters ? I can 't access them ! The shuttle 's being drawn inside the eddy . Janeway to Paris . Do you read me ? Captain ... the astral eddy is beginning to dissipate . Harry , when the probe disappeared , it kept transmitting . What about Tom 's shuttle ? We 're getting a lot interference . I can 't tell if it 's a transmission or not . See if you can clean it up . I 've adjusted the encoding filter . Try it now . Voyager to Tom Paris . Can you hear us ? Respond . Calibrate to a theta-band frequency . Maybe that 'll help . I can 't hear you , Captain . There 's a lot of plasma interference . I can 't clean it up . Say again , Tom . You 're breaking up . Adjust your transceiver lock and try again . I can hear you . Is that better ? Yes , a little . Where are you ? Captain , I wish I could tell you . Doctor ? Hmm ? Can I help you with something ? Oh , no , no . Perhaps . I 've been trying to do an immunogenicity analysis on Ensign Parson 's cell culture and I can 't seem to get the measurements right . I 'd be happy to give it a try . Thank you . I 'd be grateful . Actually , I 've been having a few problems at home . I can 't seem to stop thinking about them . Well , there 's nothing important going on here . Why don 't you take the afternoon off and spend some time with your family ? I 'm not sure they 'd appreciate it . Doctor , you can 't just ignore them . Computer , initiate Doctor 's family program Beta-Rho and transfer the EMH to Holodeck 2 . ... be certain that everything is done in exactly ... Dad , what are you doing here ? I live here , Jeffrey , in case you 've forgotten . I mean ... you 're home early . Am I interrupting something ? No , no . Just talking with my friends . I 'd like to get to know your friends . Larg , K 'Kath , please sit down . What is that ? What ? You 're holding something . This ? Yes . What is it ? It 's a knife . What does it look like ? Why do you boys have a knife ? A d 'k tahg knife is an important part of our culture . Every Klingon is given one in preparation for his Rite of Ascension . Hmm . I happen to know something about Klingon rituals and I believe this is actually a dagger of kut 'luch Isn 't it ? Well ? Yes . This dagger is used in a ritual of violence- - a first bloodletting in preparation for becoming a warrior . Who 's supposed to use this ? Well ? Is one of you preparing for the kut 'luch ceremony ? I 'm waiting for an answer ! Dad , you 're making something out of nothing . I don 't think so . I 'm going to have to ask you boys to leave . Dad ... And don 't bring a weapon into this house again . I told you , humans are weak ... cowardly . Call me later . Now look what you 've done ! You 've ruined it ! What , exactly , have I ruined ? Nothing ! Never mind ! You were going to use that knife , weren 't you ? ! Did they talk you into some kind of ritual violence ? They didn 't talk me into anything . I asked them . It 's an honor to get to perform the kut 'luch They don 't just let anybody do it . They trusted me and now you 've made me look like ... like a human . You were going to attack someone , draw blood , just so you could appear daring in the eyes of your friends ? ! I was doing it to become honorable- - something that you wouldn 't understand . Jeffrey , how can I make you understand that what you were going to do is wrong ? It isn 't wrong ! It 's just a custom of another culture . Who are you to say there 's something wrong about it ? I am your father , and I expect you to be guided by my ethical standards . Well , I 'm not going to be . Your standards are human standards . They 're weak and inferior . Klingon ideals are much nobler and they are the ones I 'm going to follow . If you expect to live in this household , you will abide by the rules . If that 's the way you want it , then I won 't live here . Jeffrey ... think about this . Oh , I 've thought about it . I 'm going to become a warrior and I can 't do that if I 'm being led around on a leash by some bloodless pahtk Kenneth ? What is it ? What 's happened ? It 's Belle . There 's been an accident . How is she ? Dr. Finley and I operated on her for three hours . We 've tried everything . We shut down one hemorrhage and another starts . I don 't understand . She just hit her head on the corner of the court . How could that have injured her so badly ? She suffered severe cranial trauma . It 's compromised her brain stem and motor cortex . No matter how we try to control the vascular injuries , blood clots keep forming . The hemorrhaging is ... intractable . Then what do you do ? What 's the treatment ? Unfortunately ... the brain is still a ... a somewhat mysterious organ . What does that mean ? What 's going to happen to her ? There 's nothing more to be done . Nothing medical , anyway . Oh , but there has to be . Kenneth , you can do something . You have to . You can 't just let her ... No . No , I won 't accept it . I 'm going to talk to Dr. Finley . Belle ... Daddy ? Yes ? I 'm here . Everything 's all blurry . What 's the matter ? You took a tumble ... hit your head . It doesn 't hurt . No , because we gave you some medicine . Is that why I can 't feel my legs ? Yes . What 's going to happen ? When will I be able to see again ? Computer , end program . Oh , you 're back . Yes . Did you find the culture I did on Ensign Parson 's glial cells ? I did , thank you . Good job . How 's the family ? I suppose they 're fine . I 've actually finished the program . Finished ? Already ? Well , I 'd gotten what I needed from the experience . It was thoroughly pleasurable , of course , but to continue would be a waste of time . I was hoping to visit them again . I really enjoyed our dinner together . Well , if I ever create a new family , I 'll be sure to invite you . The communications bandwidth is as wide as I can get it . Janeway to Paris . How 's the transmission now ? Loud and clear , Captain . I 've been analyzing the shuttle 's sensor readings and as nearly as I can figure , I 'm in the interfold layer that we talked about- - somewhere between space and subspace . That 's why we can 't find you on any of our scans . Harry was right . This looks like the spawning ground for the astral eddies . There are thousands of baby ones in here . That 's very interesting , Tom , but it doesn 't address the problem of how to get you out of there . Well , I 've been giving that some careful thought , Captain , and it seems to me the only way to get out is the same way that I got in . Inside one of the eddies ? Exactly . I 've been watching one . It seems about ready to erupt into normal space . If I can position the shuttle on its leading edge , I should be able to ride it back . If I had another idea , I 'd suggest it , but I don 't . It 's your call , Tom . I don 't see that there 's much choice . So far so good , Captain . I 'm almost inside the eye . I think this one is just about big enough to enter normal space . Here it comes . Captain ? Yes , Tom . I think you should get Voyager away from here . What 's wrong ? This one 's turning out to be a whopper , the biggest one we 've seen by far . I don 't think you should put the ship in danger . I 'm not leaving , Tom . We 've got to stay in close if we 're going to beam you out . The eddy is moving toward us at a velocity of 300 kilometers per second . Chakotay , take the conn . Keep us ahead of it , but stay within transporter range . Right . Okay , I 'm going to try to get out of this . Harry , can you get a lock on him ? Not yet ! Everything 's too unstable . Tom , how much longer before you clear the eddy ? It had better be soon . The hull is beginning to buckle . I 've got the shuttle on sensors . The hull is breaching ! Harry , can you get a lock on him yet ? I 'm trying ! Hang on ! Got it ! The shuttle 's aboard , Captain . One life sign . He 's injured . Beam him to Sick Bay . Chakotay , move us away . Yes , ma 'am . Your hard head has protected you again , Lieutenant . There was only a mild concussion . It was worth it , though . That was one wild ride . I 'm sure it was . And it 's a wonder you 're not dead . People like you who court danger should be thrown into the brig . Doc ... You never think of the consequences of your actions , the effect they might have on others . Oh , no , live for the moment , take risks you shouldn 't ... I 'm sorry . Are you all right ? I ... It 's my family . My daughter Belle had an accident . She 's a child who tends to take risks . She 's going to die . I 'm so sorry . I 'll be all right . I shut down the program . I 'm not going back . Maybe you should think about that , Doc . I couldn 't begin ... to face it . It was too difficult . I guess all of us would avoid that kind of pain if we could ... but most people don 't have that choice . Well , fortunately , I do . Is it so fortunate ? You created that program so you could experience what it 's like to have a family , the good times and the bad . You can 't have one without the other . I fail to see why not . Well , think about what 's happened to us here on Voyager Everyone left people behind , and everyone suffered a loss , but ... look how it 's brought us all closer together . We 've found support here , and friendship , and we 've become a family , in part because of the pain we shared . If you turn your back on this program , you 'll always be stuck at this point . You 'll never have the chance to say good-bye to your daughter , or to be there for your wife and son when they need you , and you 'll be cheating yourself of the chance to have their love and support . In the long run , you 'll miss the whole point of what it means to have a family . Computer , continue Doctor 's family program Beta-Rho from the last point of deactivation . Daddy ... what 's going to happen to me ? When will I be able to see again ? I 'm not sure . You 're a very sick girl . Am I going to die ? You 're ... you 're too sick to get better . So I 'm going to die . Yes . If you stay with me ... I won 't be afraid . I 'll stay right here . I promise . Dad ... Here you go , shorty . It 's your blanket . We 're here , Belle . We 're all here . It 's getting darker . I 'm ... sleepy . It 's all right . Go to sleep . We 're all right here .
