 Citizens of Earth , your destiny is in my hands . Those of you who acquiesce to my demands will be treated fairly . Oppose me , and you face a dire fate indeed as my slaves in the mines of Mercury . You have one hour . You 'll never get away with this . Oh , but I shall . Your once-proud country will fall to its knees . How ironic that I am using your rocket ship to lead my space force into battle . You 're wrong , Chaotica . Before you came on board , someone pushed the self-destruct button . In three minutes , we 'll all be dead . No ! The jig is up , Your Majesty . Captain Proton . Spaceman First Class , Protector of Earth Scourge of intergalactic Evil ... at your service . But I saw you fall into the fiery mouth of that volcano . It takes more than a little lava to stop Captain Proton . Now , I want you to call off your invasion and give me back my rocket ship . There is one force in this universe that even you cannot defeat . The same to you . Doc . Mr. Paris . I should have known it was you monopolizing the holodeck . Who is this insolent fool ? Uh , he 's one of our men . Computer , adjust the Doctor 's spectral frequency . I have no interest in your frivolous fantasy . I 'm here to rehearse a duet from Don Carlo and you 've already gone three minutes into my sched ... Enough ! Robot , attack . Destroy them . Start with him . Computer , freeze program . Doc , this is the final chapter- - " Satan 's Robot Conquers the World . " We can 't stop now . Does the phrase " to be continued " mean anything to you ? Your opera can wait . This program is a waste of photonic energy . Oh , really ? Take a look around you . This is how the 20th century saw the future . We are studying sociology . Perhaps you can teach a course at Starfleet Academy- - " Satan 's Robot : An historical overview . " Bridge to Holodeck 1 . What 's going on down there ? Oh , nothing , Commander . Just a little power surge . Says here the hologrid just blew out . We 're fixing it now , sir . Well , make it quick . The last thing we need is a broken holodeck . Seven , I want good news . That 's an order . Then I must disobey . I have no good news to report . I 've completed an astrometric scan of the entire region . There are no star systems within 2,500 light-years . Nothing ? Nothing . Why can 't we see any stars beyond that ? There are heavy concentrations of theta radiation . It has occluded our sensors . Any other ships out there ? None . We are alone . Every sailor 's nightmare . Commander ? It 's like being becalmed in the middle of the ocean . If it weren 't for sensors , we wouldn 't even know we were at warp . We 've only been crossing this expanse for two months and we 're already feeling the strain . How do we last another two years ? We will adapt . Easier said than done . Shall I inform the Captain of my findings ? No . I 'll tell her . First Officer 's Log , Stardate 52081.2 . It 's been 53 days since we entered this desolate region . If we want to continue our course toward home , we have no choice but to cross it . We won 't have an opportunity to take on fresh supplies or fuel , so I 've ordered all departments to create an energy reserve . We 're using power cells to stockpile deuterium . This won 't be much of a briefing . There 's nothing new to report . Humor me . All right . Let 's see . Warp core 's at peak efficiency , just like last week and the week before that . And my Engineering staff is going stir-crazy . Thanks . Ensign ? Nada . Can you be more specific ? All systems are operating within normal parameters . Anything new on sensors ? I detected a sudden increase of theta radiation in the vicinity . Source ? Unknown . Could be worth a look . Finally , some excitement- - radiation . Next piece of business . Crew morale . Deteriorating ... obviously . I have a few suggestions that might boost people 's spirits . Please . Rotate crew assignments . Add variety to the daily routine . I myself wouldn 't mind squeezing in a little tactical training . Noted . And the holodecks have been in high demand . I was thinking ... we could install a few emitters in Cargo Bay 2- - turn it into a third holodeck . Hear , hear . See to it , Harry . One other item , sir . Point of , uh , concern among some of the crew . It 's ... Well , it 's the Captain . She 's been a bit elusive lately . What 's your point ? People take comfort in talking to her . When they see that the Captain 's happy , they 're happy . Rumor has it she never leaves her quarters . Captain 's privilege . She 'll come to the Bridge if and when she 's needed . Spare us the protocol , Chakotay . It 's pretty odd , you 've got to admit it . It 's her choice . She can run this ship from wherever the hell she wants to . Understood ? Yeah . Sure . We 're all feeling the pressure , including me . Listen , maybe we 've got the wrong attitude . Let 's think of this as a two-year vacation . Dismissed . That 's a great idea , Harry . Wow , Harry . You 're a real genius . How do you come up with these brilliant ideas ? You 're such an optimistic guy . Computer , lights- - maximum level . Bergamot tea , hot . First thing in the morning , I replicate some curtains . Predictable . Hmm ? The Novokovich gambit- - you always use that opening move . That 's because you always fall for it . I feel like we 've played this match a hundred times . Derada is a game of subtlety . Too subtle for me . Hmm. I 'll bet . What 's that supposed to mean ? Well , if it doesn 't involve Klingon painsticks ... Good night . There you go . Just when I 'm winning . Who 's predictable ? You don 't want to start a fight with me right now- - not at 3 : 00 A.M. 3 : 00 in the morning , 4 : 00 in the afternoon- - what 's the difference ? You 're angry 24 hours a day . Everything is a joke to you . Good evening ... or should I say good morning ? I guess you couldn 't sleep , either . Why sleep when we 're having so much fun ? He 's joking , Neelix . We 're all supposed to laugh . I certainly am laughing on the inside ... smiling , anyway . Let 's start a new game . Cards ? A little snack ? No. I have a better idea . Why don 't we make a schedule- - a fight rotation ? We can optimize our resources . I can start one , then you can start one ... Please ... I am really tired of these games . Well , then don 't play them . Stop ! You are senior officers ! You are supposed to be setting an example for the rest ... the rest of the crew . Neelix ? I can 't breathe . Paris to Sick Bay . Some morale officer I turned out to be . I 've given you a mild sedative . It should control the urge to hyperventilate and alleviate some of your anxiety . Anxiety ? Anxiety 's what I feel when I burn a pot roast . This ... this is more like ... Dizziness ? Nausea ? Unspeakable dread ? Yes . Nihiliphobia- - the fear of nothingness , or in layman 's terms , the fear of ... nothingness . If it 's any consolation , I can relate to it . I go into a void every time I 'm deactivated- - emptiness , complete and utter oblivion . I 'll admit , it was unsettling at first- - the existential horror of it all ... You 're not helping , Doctor . Sorry . My point is , you 'll get used to it . I hope so . Commander ... am I disturbing you ? No . is the Astrometrics Lab designated for recreational use ? I come here to meditate . Needless to say , the view from my quarters has been less than stellar lately . Astronomical phenomena help you to focus your mind . Yes. I imagine that each star represents a single thought . Meditation- - it rejuvenates you ? Indeed it does . I suggest you try Borg regeneration . It 's much more efficient . A simple cortical implant would be required . Another time , perhaps . What is it ? Long-range sensors are detecting more theta radiation . Dangerously high levels . Source ? Unknown . It 's probably nothing , just ... background theta radiation . But it could mean there 's someone nearby . Distance ? Approximately 25 light-years . It 's a long shot but alter course . Yes , ma 'am . If that 's all , Commander ... Actually , I 'd like to make a request . I 've been saving up my holodeck rations and I 've got three full hours coming . Any chance I might persuade you to join me for a few rounds of Velocity ? It 'll help clear your mind . My mind is perfectly clear . Then what if I told you I 'm not leaving until you join me ? I 'd say , " Have a seat . It 'll be a while . " Then I 'll be blunt . You 've picked a bad time to isolate yourself from the crew . This ship needs a Captain , especially now . Would you be satisfied with " l 'm just catching up on some reading ? " I 'm not sure I understand it myself . It started when we entered this ... What does the crew call it ? The Void . Charming . Oh , what I wouldn 't give for a few Borg cubes about now- - anything for a little distraction . Strange as it sounds ... I almost long for the days when we were under constant attack . No time to stop and think about how we got stranded in the Delta Quadrant . How did we end up here , Chakotay ? Answer me . We were faced with a difficult choice . We had the means to get home , but using it would have put an innocent people at risk so we decided to stay . No ... no , no . I decided to stay . I made that choice for everyone . We 're alive and well and we 've gathered enough data about this Quadrant to keep Starfleet scientists busy for decades . Our mission 's been a success . Very same words I 've been telling myself for the past four years . But then we hit this Void , and I started to realize how empty those words sound . Kathryn ... I made an error in judgment , Chakotay . It was shortsighted and it was selfish and now all of us are paying for my mistake . So if you don 't mind , Commander , I 'll pass on that little game . And I 'll leave shipboard morale in your capable hands . If the crew asks for me , tell them the Captain sends her regards . Sir . Relax , Ensign . Anything to report ? Not even a stray electron , but I did finish writing my concerto . I call it Echoes of the Void . Got a minute ? Too many , in fact . Tell me what you think . Now , when we last saw our heroes , they had just retaken their rocket ship . Dr. Chaotica had escaped , but he left behind his trusty robot to foil Captain Proton . My designation ? Ah , right . You 're Constance Goodheart . You 're ... my secretary . Secretary ? Yeah . You tag along on all the missions . Now , I want you to keep the robot occupied while I save Earth . Computer , run program . Citizen of Earth , surrender . Do not resist . I am Borg . Surrender ... The robot has been neutralized . May I leave now ? Come on , Seven . Give it a chance . The galaxy 's at stake . We 've dropped out of warp . We 're losing power . Switch to auxiliary . No effect . I was hoping for a change of pace , but a blackout isn 't exactly what I had in mind . I 'll try tapping into the energy reserves . Double-check the radio relay . Man the lock plate . Yeah , I 'll get on that right away . Get inside those plasma injectors ! Infuse them manually if you have to . Lieutenant ... Just a second . I 'm not sure how to work this thing . Captain Proton to the rescue . It 's not exactly Starfleet issue . Shipwide power loss ? Everything 's off-line- - main power , auxiliary ... Independent subsystems are operational- - environmental controls , holodecks ... Reroute power from this holodeck to the emergency relays . Yes , ma 'am . No luck . The hologrid is frozen . Neelix . Don 't mind me . There 's been a power loss . Nothing to worry about . Who 's worried ? Come on . Take deep breaths- - nice and slow . That 's it . Bingo ! We 've got partial sensors . I found the cause of our power drain . It 's some kind of dampening field . The source is off the port bow . That 's about all I can tell you . On screen . Do we have the power to launch a photon torpedo ? Maybe one . Why ? Perhaps we could shed some light on our predicament . I 'm reconfiguring the torpedo to emit a sustained polyluminous burst . A " warp flare . " Precisely . I need something to pry open this hatch . Computer , disengage safety protocols ! I saw something ! Over there . I 'm telling you , I saw something . I may be nihiliphobic , but my eyes work just fine . I can hear breathing . Follow me . Yes , ma 'am . Torpedo reconfigured . Away . I can barely see the injector ports . How about a little light over here ? We can do better than that . This power cell should be enough to get emergency power back on line . Up here ! We 'll hook it up directly to the EPS manifold . Emergency power just came back . We 've got tactical . Raising shields . The warp core 's on line . Janeway to Bridge . Report . The dampening field has been blocked , Captain . We are surrounded by three alien vessels . 17 intruders are on board . The ships aren 't responding to hails . We do have weapons on line . Tuvok , target the ship off our port bow . Fire a few warning shots . Shields down to 64 percent . Do we have propulsion ? Not yet . He was attacked by an intruder . These burns are severe . I disabled the alien . It may still be alive . Bring it to Sick Bay . Shields are down . They 're reinitializing the dampening field . We 're losing power . Not again . They 've stopped their attack . They 're beaming off the ship . There 's another vessel approaching . We 're being hailed . On screen . I 'm Lieutenant Commander Tuvok of the Federation ... I had to fire 13 spatial charges to drive those ships off . I expect to be compensated . Of course . Now ... tell me ... what are you doing in the middle of nowhere ? The bio-filters are detecting high levels of theta radiation . Compensate . Welcome aboard . I 'm afraid we 'll have to talk here . You appear to be leaking . Yes , yes . My isolation suit . Don 't be alarmed . We 'd prefer to be on the safe side , Mister ... ? Emck . Controller Emck , Malon export vessel , eleventh gradient . It 's a pleasure to meet you and a relief ... I 'd advise you to turn around immediately . There are more of those creatures ahead- - thousands of vessels . They are almost impossible to detect . You won 't survive another attack . We can 't go back . We 're crossing this expanse to reach our home . Mmm . Then , uh ... it appears you 'll be coming with me . What do you mean ? There 's a spatial vortex a few light-years from here . It leads directly to the other side of the expanse . We 've been using it for years . That would get us out of the Void and cut two years off our journey home . Well , thank you again . I 'm curious , Mr. Emck . What are you doing here- - besides rescuing starships in distress ? Ah. I 'm on a ... transport mission . My sensors tell me that one of the creatures is still aboard your ship . It was injured during the attack . Our Doctor 's treating it . Why ? Enough questions . Give me the creature and I 'll take you to the vortex . Well , my apologies , Mr. Emck , but I 'd like to know what 's going on here . Are you at war with these beings ? None of your concern . Your vessel seems to be leaking large amounts of theta radiation . What kind of transport mission are you on exactly ? My ship will depart in two hours . Cooperate or stay behind . I won 't be coming to your rescue when the creatures return . I 'm finished here . I think it 's time we heard the other side of the story . Watch your step . I 've had to lower the lights . My patient is extremely photosensitive . That could explain why they dampened our power . My feelings exactly . From what I can tell , this life-form may be indigenous to the Void . His physiology has evolved to survive in complete darkness . His condition ? Minor injuries- - phaser wounds to the chest and neck . But that 's the least of his problems . He 's dying , Captain . Every organ is degrading at the cellular level . Theta radiation poisoning . The final stages . My guess is he 's been exposed to it over a long period . There 's nothing I can do . I 'd like a word with him . I 'm Kathryn Janeway , Captain of this vessel . You are allies with the Malon . No . We 're simply trying to cross this region . We never met the Malon before today . They will want me . Well , I have no intention of giving you to them . You 're not a captive here . Doctor . Are you at war with the Malon ? Their ships are poison . The theta radiation . They 're killing us . Why ? What do they want from you ? Nothing . This will help alleviate the pain . I don 't understand . We were ignorant . We attacked you . Forgive us . Of course , but I need to understand . You say the Malon are killing your people , but there must be a reason . They 're poisoning our space . We don 't know why . He 's in respiratory distress . We need to get him back to his people . They might know how to treat him . I will show you how . I need a workstation . Route it to the helm . If you enter the coordinates , my pilot will set a course . I am grateful . Take the Bridge . I 'll stay here . We still don 't have a defense against their dampening field . If they decide to attack again ... I 'm confident they won 't . Finally something to put in my logbook . Tuvok . I need your advice . A first . Look , I realize we 're not exactly best friends . From day one , we 've kept each other at arm 's length , but I 've always respected your judgment , and right now , I could use a little Vulcan clarity . Proceed . It 's the Captain . As you may have noticed , she 's isolated herself from the crew . She believes that she made an error in judgment four years ago- - that she 's responsible for stranding Voyager in the Delta Quadrant . She told you ? No . I 've been observing her behavior for the past four years . Guilt has been her constant companion . You 've known her longer than anyone . Have you ever seen her like this ? Only once . It was during her first year as a Commander on the USS Billings . She sent an away team to survey a volcanic moon . Their shuttle was damaged by a magma eruption and three crew members were severely injured . The next day , she returned to the moon , alone , to complete the survey . She wanted the crew to know that their suffering had not been in vain . She could have been killed . Seeking redemption . Precisely . Captain Janeway 's methods are unorthodox . It is her strength as a leader , but , unfortunately , it is also her greatest weakness . Stubborn as a Klingon . To put it mildly . If she tries something like that again , I want to be ready and I 'm going to need your support . We 're at the coordinates . All stop . Shields up . Tuvok . Nothing on sensors . Bridge to Captain . We 've arrived . Stand by . They 're here , but I must tell them you are a friend . Your communications system ? I 'm picking up photonic surges . They 're all around us . Captain , we 've got company- - eight ships . 12 more approaching . Let 's run a full bio-scan . We have lived here for millions of years undisturbed , until the Malon came . Captain , every one of them appears to be suffering from theta radiation exposure . We tell them they are killing us . They won 't listen . We try to stop them . They 're too strong . What about the vortex , can you close it ? Keep them out ? We don 't know how . Your ship is powerful . Your people resourceful . We need your help . Bridge to Captain . They 're locking onto the alien in Sick Bay . Lower the shields . Will you help us ? ! Poison . The vessel is ejecting massive quantities of contaminated antimatter . Their cargo holds are loaded with it- - over 90 million isotons . Hail them . Captain . You 've decided to join us . Send the creature to ... That won 't be possible . We 've returned him to his people . You wanted the life-form because you were afraid we 'd uncover your ... transport mission . I said this was none of your concern . Well , it is now . You 're using their space as a dumping ground for your antimatter waste . Why ? My civilization produces over six billion isotons of industrial byproduct every day . This region is a perfect disposal site . How convenient- - for you . A spatial vortex to the middle of nowhere , far away from your own system . Out of sight , out of mind . The problem is , somebody lives here . One species . One 's enough . We didn 't come here to debate the issue . We came here to offer a peaceful solution . What kind of solution ? My people use antimatter as well , but we found ways to purify the reactant so there 's no toxic waste . We 'll show you . Guide us through the vortex . We can meet with your scientists on the other side , exchange information . Show me now . Stand by for transport . Commander , take our guest to Engineering and give him a demonstration . Let 's turn our sensors on that vortex . I want to know exactly how it works- - just in case diplomacy fails . Do you intend to destroy it ? The residual antimatter 's then processed in a transkinetic chamber where it 's broken down on a subatomic level . What about the theta radiation ? Oh , it 's absorbed by a series of radiometric converters . We recycle the energy- - use it to power everything from life support to replicators . We don 't have this kind of conversion technology . Our scans of your freighter show that you have plasma manifolds . The engineering principles are the same . We 're not saying this won 't take some effort . You 're looking at several months of retrofitting , depending on the size of your fleet . All the schematics are here and we 'd be willing to work with you- - get you started . We can even provide you with some converters . Ingenious design . Our engineers would be pleased . This would solve a lot of problems on my world . Unfortunately , it would also put me out of business . Sorry ? Your technology would throw the waste-export industry into chaos . Before long , I 'd be obsolete . Oh , I came here hoping your claims were exaggerated , but I can see they 're not . You can keep your solution . You lying ... B 'Elanna . We went through this whole song and dance , and he never had any intention of working with us . That 's not important . What matters is that we 're talking now . We 're proposing changes , some of them difficult , but progress can also bring new opportunities . Given time , this could turn to your advantage . I already have the advantage- - the vortex . No one knows about it except me and my crew . By ejecting my cargo here , I cut expenses in half . I won 't sacrifice that . I guess mass murder doesn 't factor into your profit margin . You care so much about these creatures , stay . I 'm sorry you won 't listen to reason , but don 't expect us to walk away from this . You 've scanned my vessel . You 've seen my firepower . You wouldn 't survive ten seconds in a conflict with me . Get him out of here . Ah ! Options ? We fight our way past them- - navigate the vortex on our own . Once we 're on the other side , we contact the Malon authorities and blow the whistle on Emck . We give them the reclamation technology and continue on our way home . Exactly . Even if we did get through the vortex , there 's no guarantee the Malon will do the right thing- - if Mr. Emck is any indication . As long as this vortex exists , the inhabitants of this region are at risk . Any chance we could destroy it ? I believe so , but there 's a catch . We 'll have to collapse it from this end where it 's dimensional radius is weakest . We 'd be closing our shortcut out of here . Two more years in the Void . I can live with that . But I 'm not sure I can . Four years ago , I destroyed the Caretaker 's Array to protect the Ocampa . That " act of compassion " stranded this crew in the Delta Quadrant . I 'm not about to give that order again . This situation is a little different . Oh , it 's close enough . I 'm asking this crew to make too big a sacrifice . I won 't make that same mistake . If you have another option , I 'm listening . Chakotay , there 's no one I trust more than you . You 're a fine First Officer . Are you ready to Captain this ship ? Yes . Assemble the crew . Captain on the Bridge . At ease . Harry , how have you been ? Just fine , ma 'am . Good . We 've missed you , Captain . Likewise . I 'll make this brief . Your orders are to proceed to the vortex . Use whatever means necessary to fight your way past the Malon freighter . I 'll stay behind in a shuttlecraft and destroy the vortex . Tuvok , I 'll need a class-2 shuttle armed with photon torpedoes . Tom , set a course for ... Forget it . We 're not going to let you die out here . Have a little faith , B 'Elanna . I 'll have a shuttle , plenty of rations. I 'll survive . Alone in the Delta Quadrant ? No offense , but ... I 've made my decision . What about us ? Don 't we have a say ? He 's right , Captain . I 'd be willing to brave this Void if it meant keeping you with us . Tom ... set a course . Lieutenant , I gave you an order . I can 't follow that order , ma 'am . Harry , take the helm . I 'm sorry , Captain . I will not comply . What 's a hologram to do ? As you can see , you 're not the only one who 's had time to evaluate the past . Yes , I can see that . You realize you could all be hanged for mutiny . Looks like we need another option . We fire torpedoes the instant we cross the threshold . As the vortex begins to collapse , we jump into high warp . There 'll be a massive shock wave on our tail . I 'll reinforce the aft shielding . There 's still one obstacle- - the Malon . Antimatter waste has weakened the bulkhead surrounding their cargo hold . A direct phaser strike should disable them . Poetic justice . Indeed . You realize it will reduce our chance of getting through . Chance is irrelevant . We will succeed . A vote of Borg confidence . Who could argue with that ? All right . Back to your stations . Let 's do it . Red Alert . Set a course for the vortex . All hands to battle stations . You told them . They knew coming in . Let 's just say I wouldn 't be a fine First Officer if I hadn 't . Return fire . Hit them with everything we 've got . Their shields are holding . Open a channel . This is Voyager . Stand down your weapons and fall back . I 'll take that as a " no . " The vortex ? Two million kilometers dead ahead . Bridge to Engineering . We 're approaching the vortex . Bring the aft shielding on line . Acknowledged . See you on the other side . Status ? The port nacelle 's been ruptured . We 're venting plasma . Can you get us out of here on one engine , Tom ? I think so . Torpedoes armed and ready . On my order , Tuvok . We 'll only get one shot at this . They 're firing spatial charges . Evade them . Captain Proton to the rescue . I 'll explain later . The vortex is in visual range . Time to intercept ? 47 seconds . Steady as she goes . Keep laying down fire . Direct hit ! Starboard nacelle ! Both engines are off-line ! We 're riding on inertia . One more hit and we 're dead in the water . Without warp drive , we 'll never outrun the shock wave . Tuvok , can you reinforce the aft shields with our main deflector ? I believe so . Do it . We 're going to ride that shock wave out of here- - let it push us to the other side . Adjusting shield harmonics . Captain . They intend to block our path . 20 seconds . Prepare to fire . That may not be necessary . The freighter is moving to combat the aliens . They 're trying to distract the Malon ... give us the upper hand . Ten seconds . The freighter 's shields are weakening . Target their cargo hold . Time to take out the garbage . We 're crossing the threshold . Torpedoes . Shock wave approaching . 600 meters . 500 ... 400 ... Aft shields at maximum . All hands brace for impact . Pressure is building on the outer hull . Shields weakening . We 're clear . The vortex has been destroyed . Are we out of the Void ? Not yet . That little maneuver brought us up a bit short . We 're still 200,000 kilometers from the boundary . On screen . Maintain course . There . What ? I saw something . A star . Remind me to check your eyesight . Harry , what do you see out there ? I see a densely-packed region with thousands of star systems . Looks pretty lively . Full speed ahead .
