 Are you sure this rice isn 't supposed to be cooked ? Steamed , fried ? The idea is to shower the couple with a symbol of good fortune , not garnish them like a roast chicken . Smile . Rice , anyone ? I 'll take one . Red Alert . Ready ? This is it , Tom . Your bachelor days are over . Not a moment too soon . Second thoughts ? Second , third , fourth ... I never thought I 'd see the day . Given the volatile nature of their relationship , one might have predicted homicide rather than matrimony . When it comes to affairs of the human heart , it is wise to look beyond logic . We 're gathered here today not as Starfleet officers , but as friends and family to celebrate the marriage of two of Voyager 's finest . B 'Elanna has asked me to forego the rigors of Klingon painstiks in favor of a more traditional ceremony . They 're saving the painstiks for the honeymoon . As Captain , the honor of joining these two people has fallen to me , but before I declare them husband and wife , Tom and B 'Elanna have prepared their own vows . I still don 't know what I 've done to deserve you ... but whatever it is , I 'll try to keep doing it , and I promise to stand by you , to honor you ... till death do us part . Ensign . Hmm ? The ring . Oh . May this ring be a symbol of our eternal love . You stood by me ... when most people would have run for the nearest airlock . You were willing to see past my shortcomings ... and to take all the bumps and bruises that came along with it . You made me a better person ... even though I put up one hell of a fight . I look forward to our journey together . Commander . May this ring be the symbol of our eternal love . Not so fast . Lieutenant Thomas Eugene Paris ... Lieutenant B 'Elanna Torres , with the power vested in me by Starfleet Command and the United Federation of Planets , I now pronounce you husband and wife . Now , Tom . Bravo . Congratulations . For what ? You may not want to know . Captain 's Log , Stardate 52586.3 . We 've had a lot to celebrate lately- - Tom and B 'Elanna 's wedding , Ensign Harper 's new baby and the continued health of our enhanced warp drive , which has taken us within striking distance of home . In this case , the shortest path is a straight line . We 'll pass right through the center of the Milky Way . And be in Sector 001 within two years . More or less . You had Seven double-check the calculations ? Two years , 1 1 days , six hours , provided we continue to operate at peak efficiency . Naturally . Of course , if we operate at peak efficiency , we 'll be missing some interesting phenomena along the way- - an anomalous gradient to the curvature of space , unusual bioharmonic readings from a binary system we 'll reach about six months from now . And the scientist in you can 't resist stopping to take a look . It would only add another two or three months . Do you think the crew would mutiny ? On the contrary . Everyone 'll jump at the chance for some last-minute exploration . Everyone ... except Seven . Let your First Officer deal with the personnel problems . Here 's a lovely program modeled after a mountain resort on the fifth moon of Cytrax- - just you , B 'Elanna and the crickets . Crickets ? Cytraxian crickets . Their song is reputed to be an auditory aphrodisiac . Aha . Well , between you and me- - B 'Elanna and I don 't need aphrodisiacs . There 's always the beaches of Ahmedeen- - windsurfing on a sea of liquid argon . I was hoping for someplace a little more down-to-earth . Well , it 's your honeymoon . Just how down-to-earth did you mean ? Earth . I was thinking Chicago in the roaring ' 20s- - speakeasies , flappers , the Charleston . If that 's what you want . Why ? is there a problem ? No , of course not , it 's just that we 're so close to Earth anyway , I thought you might want to try something a little more exotic . Let me let you in on a little secret , Neelix . Earth has the best vacation spots in the galaxy . It 's got the cultures , the climates , the history , the people . It has everything you ever want in a planet . You sound like a travel brochure . No . No . Just a native . Oh , and make sure the deuterium manifold 's are never opened wider than 600 microns . I am familiar with the specifications . Are you familiar with how temperamental the isolytic converter can be ? Yes . Most important , the enhanced warp drive- - with the dilithium matrix running hot all the time now , you have to watch it like a hawk . There is no point in providing me with knowledge I already possess . I guess I am being a little overcautious . I 've just , uh , never been away from Engineering for more than a couple of days ... certainly never a week . My engineering abilities are more than sufficient . Enjoy your honeymoon . You may understand the iso-dynamics of this engine , but I don 't think you understand its personality . Personality . It is a propulsion device . That 's my point . It 's not just a device . lt-it has its own quirks , its own ... its own moods . That 's just a minor fluctuation in a subsidiary injector port . I will take care of it . I 'm going with you . Lieutenant , you are on leave . Not for another 20 minutes . So , who 's the lucky guy ? You caught the bouquet . That means you 're next in line for the altar . Yes , the Doctor informed me of that archaic human superstition . How about Harry Kim ? I fail to see the benefit of monogamous relationships . So you want to stay single ? If you mean remain open to social situations with a wide variety of individuals , then yes . I 'm married- - l 'm not going into stasis for the rest of my life . No , I plan to have ... I do not wish to be dependent on anyone . By marrying , one limits one 's romantic interactions to a single individual- - a circumstance which implies extreme monotony . I 'm glad we had this little talk . Try the manual release . I thought you said it was a minor fluctuation . This entire Jefferies tube is losing molecular cohesion . I guess the honeymoon 's off . It 's our warp field . The enhanced drive is emitting some form of subspace radiation that 's affecting Voyager 's infrastructure . It 's beginning to break down the molecular bonds in all surrounding sections . We 're seeing early stages of the effect in the warp core- - reaction chamber , injector ports- - they 're all showing signs of de-cohesion . It doesn 't make any sense . We knew all about the subspace radiation and we ran dozens of simulations before we brought the new drive on line . Have you tried taking the core off-line ? It 's not stopping the problem . Try to isolate the cause of this . And stabilize the sections that have already been affected . Dismissed . Computer . Begin Chief Engineer 's Log , supplemental . I 've spent the last four hours analyzing the warp field schematics , but I 'm still no closer to finding out what 's going wrong . Computer , did it just get colder in here ? Negative . Raise the temperature by five degrees . Hungry ? Ah , can 't join you tonight- - dinner with B 'Elanna . Married one day and you 're already domesticated . Jealous ? Night , Harry . B 'Elanna ? If we 're going to live together , we 're going to have to compromise on the temperature . Computer , reset environmental controls to standard . B 'Elanna ? Shh . Bring her in , quickly . It looks like we 've got an epidemic on our hands . Acute cellular degradation ? Their chromosomes are breaking down at the molecular level . Proximity to the warp field . I believe so . B 'Elanna and my other three patients all work in Engineering . They 've been subjected to the heaviest exposure , but preliminary scans suggest the rest of the crew has been affected as well ... including the Captain . It 's only a matter of time before you begin showing the same symptoms . We 've shut down the warp drive , but the ship is still deteriorating , and so are we . Why ? Every bulkhead and conduit from Deck 1 to 15 show signs of molecular de-cohesion . Even food from the replicator shows signs of decay . As soon as anything comes into contact with Voyager 's atmosphere , it 's affected . That 's what we thought at first , but take a look at this . These vegetables are completely free of decay . I thought you said the replicators ... They weren 't replicated . I harvested them on an away mission last week . The same goes for these particle accelerators , the trilithium ore samples , the keg of Hazari ale . All of them were brought aboard over the last few months and none of them is disintegrating . We haven 't been able to narrow the time frame precisely , but it appears that anything brought onboard over the past 30 to 40 weeks is immune . Something happened to the ship months ago that 's causing this decay . A logical conclusion . Eight months , 17 days ago- - first contact with the Kmada . They tried to sabotage our life-support systems with low-frequency theta radiation . Any chance that could have caused the phenomenon ? Unlikely . Let 's keep looking . The next event of note took place nine months , two days ago when the N 'Kree tried to conscript Voyager into their battle fleet . And failed . Next ? Hey . Hey . How 's my old lady ? Well enough ... to break your nose if you call me that again . Here it is . What ? Our honeymoon . Tell me . Six days and seven nights ... in the historic Graystone Hotel in beautiful downtown Chicago , circa 1928 . Uh , wait till you see it- - crystal chandeliers , wall-to-wall Italian marble . We 'll take a drive up Michigan Avenue in a vintage Duesenberg , hobnob with the stars of the silver screen , dance the Charleston at a genuine speakeasy called the Green Mill . What do I wear ? That 's already taken care of . Our bags are packed and waiting for us at the hotel . Champagne ? It 's on ice ... in a silver bucket ... right next to our canopy bed . B 'Elanna ? Doctor ? Cortical stimulator . lnitiate an iso-synaptic pulse . It 's not working . Again ! lncrease the electrolytic levels to 7 5 millijoules . We 've lost her . lncreasing electrolytic levels to 90 millijoules . There 's nothing more we can do . Uh , maybe we can try a direct neural resequencing . Lieutenant ... We can 't just let her die ! Return to your quarters . No ! I don 't want to leave her . I understand , but I need to perform an analysis before her cells have completely degraded . Please . Nine months , 28 days . We collected silicate from a comet in the Podaris sector . According to Neelix 's manifest , those samples are stored in the geology lab . They 're showing no signs of molecular degradation . Take us further back . Ten months , 1 1 days ago . Voyager was forced to land on a Class-Y planetoid in the Vaskan sector . The Demon-Class planet ... one of our more interesting missions . We set down looking for deuterium and ended up helping a new form of life to be born . The planet possessed a biomimetic compound . The " silver blood . " It sampled our DNA and created duplicates of the entire crew . I 've often wondered what happened to them . Are they flourishing ? Have they continued to evolve ? Do they still resemble us ? is she ... ? I 'm afraid so . Scan for traces of deuterium , hydrogen sulfate and dichromates . Dichromates ? Just do it . What 's this about ? We have a disturbing theory . I 'm detecting all of those compounds . I want you to inject her with a dichromate catalyst . Commander ? We 've got to be sure . I don 't understand . That wasn 't B 'Elanna . It was a duplicate ... a biomimetic copy . Copy ? We are all duplicates . None of us are real . Behold the primordial soup . That 's what created us . Not just us . The entire ship is composed of the same material . It 's a biomimetic compound that duplicated the crew 's molecular structure so precisely that I would never have detected it if I hadn 't known what to look for . I was born on Earth ... in Indiana . I remember growing up there . I remember graduating from the Academy . I have no memory of being a copy . Apparently , the original Kathryn Janeway 's memories were duplicated as well . Somehow , after the real Voyager left , we began to forget we were duplicates . Eventually , we assumed their lives and set a course for Earth . And now the warp core is breaking down our cellular structure . We didn 't think the radiation would hurt us , because it isn 't harmful to humanoids . Each and every one of you will disintegrate just as B 'Elanna did . I 'm not immune , either . The holo-emitters , like everything else , are copies . It 's only a matter of time before my program begins to degrade . What can we do to stop the process ? There is one option . Go back . To the Demon-Class planet ? We were created to survive there . He 's correct . It 's reasonable to assume that if we return to our native environment , the degradation will cease . Even if we survived the trip , we 'd be traveling thousands of light-years in the wrong direction . It may be the only way . Duplicate or not , I 'm still the same person I was yesterday , and so are all of you ... and that means we 're going to do everything possible to complete our mission , which is to reach Earth . is that clear ? - Yes , ma 'am . - l want you to adjust the environmental controls to simulate a Class-Y planet . That should slow the rate of degradation . It 's only a matter of time before the environmental controls themselves are affected . I realize that . That 's why we 're going to try and find a safe harbor till we can figure out a way to stop the degradation . Scan for the nearest Class-Y planet and set a course . In the meantime ... I 'll explain our situation to the crew . There 's still a great deal we don 't know about this phenomenon , and I have every confidence we 'll find a way to reverse it . So you 're saying all our experiences before we were duplicated- - none of it 's real ? I don 't pretend to understand it myself , Harry ... but the way I choose to look at it is this- - if everything about us was duplicated , that includes our memory engrams , the emotional centers of our brain . So , if you feel something ... remember something ... believe something ... I 'm not about to tell you it 's not real . But there is another crew out there , right ? The real Voyager . I suppose there is , but I don 't want that thought to distract any of you from our mission . What mission is that ? The same as it 's always been , Tom- - to reach the Alpha Quadrant safe and sound , but to do that , we 're going to have to beat this problem ... and for now , that means conserving energy , running the ship in gray mode , cutting crew shifts in half . The less you exert yourselves , the slower the cellular decay . Duplicates or not ... you 're still my crew . Dismissed . Tom ... There 's no one here by that name . I just wanted to say ... I 'm sorry about B 'Elanna . Sorry ? What for ? She was your wife . She was a duplicate ... just like you are , Harry . You heard the Captain . If we 're going to survive this , we 've got to believe in ourselves . You can drop the good soldier routine . You don 't have to do everything the Captain says anymore . Hell , she 's not even the Captain . She is to me . Okay . Well , let 's suppose she does get us back to Earth . What then ? You really think your family is going to welcome you with open arms ? I don 't know . For all you know , the real Harry Kim is having Sunday dinner with them right now . And you come strolling through the door , they 're going to see you for exactly what you are- - an impostor . So what are we going to do , huh ? Wait around till we all disintegrate ? Come in . Chicken paprikash- - my grandmother 's recipe . Well , maybe not my grandmother , but it 's still delicious . It 's our weekly dinner together . Don 't tell me you forgot . We 've lost three more people . We 've got to head back . I 've spent the past five years trying to get this crew home . I 'm not about to quit now . Listen to yourself . You haven 't even been alive for five years . Home is a Class-Y planet in the Delta Quadrant . We don 't belong on Earth . How do you know where we belong ? For all we know , the real Voyager 's been destroyed and we 're all that 's left . For all we know , we 're supposed to be living their lives . That 's a pretty big assumption ... and it 's putting this crew in danger . There 's only one thing I know how to be , Chakotay , and that 's Kathryn Janeway . I 'd like to think I know Captain Janeway pretty well myself , and as much as she 'd like to get her crew home , I don 't think she 'd be willing to kill them in the process . Maybe this dinner wasn 't such a good idea after all . I 've tried everything I can think of- - bio-molecular enhancers , gene splicing with replicated DNA- - and I 'm no closer to finding a cure . But I do have an idea . I 'm listening . Find the original Voyager . If the real Captain Janeway were here , we could sample her DNA and imprint it onto your mimetic pattern . But , Doctor , we have no way of knowing where they are . They could be behind us , ahead of us , back on Earth ... destroyed . Besides , even if we could find the real Janeway , how do we know she 'd help ? She 's you . My emitter 's starting to degrade . You better get back to Sick Bay . Tuvok to the Captain . Sensors have detected a Class-Y planet . On my way . It may not be home , but it checks out . Thermionic radiation ... surface temperatures in excess of 500 kelvins . Just what the Doctor ordered . Safe harbor ? There 's no guarantee this is going to work . Harry , vent all plasma from the nacelles . Transfer available power to atmospheric thrusters and stand by to commence landing sequence . Yes , ma 'am . Red Alert . Landing struts on line . lnertial dampers at maximum . Take us down , Mr. Paris . Captain , a vessel is approaching from the planet 's surface . On screen . They 're hailing . Open a channel . You 're in direct violation of the Ord 'Mirit Mining Treaty . Leave orbit or you 'll be destroyed . They are firing weapons . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . We are not your enemy . They seem to disagree . We 're not interested in your mining operation . Our ship is badly damaged . We need to set down on the surface to make repairs . We repeat : Leave or be destroyed . Shields down to 52 percent . With our systems degrading , we won 't be able to take this much longer . Target their weapon systems . Fire . No effect . Hull breaches on Decks 1 1 , 14 and 15 . The damaged sections are turning into biomimetic matter . Containment fields are failing . Evacuate those decks . If we emit a polaron burst , we can disable their shields long enough to target their warp core . No . We 're not going to destroy them over a misunderstanding . Either that or retreat . We 're Starfleet officers . We can 't forget that . Break orbit . That planet may be our last chance for survival . We 'll have to find another option . I 'm not sure why we 're still taking orders from you . Lieutenant , follow orders or leave the Bridge . The alien vessel 's not pursuing . Begin scanning for other Class-Y planets . Harry , transmit a distress call on all subspace bands . If the real Voyager is out there , I want to find them . In the meantime , which direction do you want me to go ? Resume course for the Alpha Quadrant , Mr. Paris . I know what you 're going to say and I don 't want to hear it . Too bad . I 'm willing to take a little insolence from Tom , but I shouldn 't have to remind you that I 'm still the Captain . You 're not . You 're a biomimetic life-form created in her image . Are you saying you 're not taking orders from me anymore ? I 'm saying you need to step back and look at our situation objectively . You think I should have given the order to fire on that vessel . No. I agreed with your decision to stand down , but how long can we adhere to Starfleet principles before we start making compromises ? As long as it takes . Our ship may be deteriorating , but our humanity is intact . Belief alone won 't hold this ship together . It 's gotten us this far . Not far enough . Tom and I aren 't the only ones who question your decisions . Now that the truth is known , a lot of people think we should turn around and head for the Class-Y planet . They 're starting to remember their existence before Voyager . What ? What existence ? Pools of biomimetic fluid ? We didn 't even experience sentience until Voyager came along . What good is sentience if we 're not alive to experience it ? Kathryn , we 've got to go back . I promised the crew I 'd get them home . Home isn 't Earth . Janeway to Sick Bay . Medical emergency . He 's not responding . His neural pathways are destabilizing . We 've lost Commander Chakotay . Duplicate or not , he was real to me ... and he was a fine Starfleet officer . And ... he was a friend ... who ... wasn 't afraid to let me know when I am wrong . Mr. Kim , bring the enhanced warp drive on line . Turn Voyager around . We 're going home . Captain ... Set a course ... for the Demon planet . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We 've lost 63 crewmen , and our systems are continuing to fail . Though we 're still five weeks away from the Demon planet , we haven 't given up hope . The holographic projectors in Sick Bay went off-line at 0300 . We 've lost the Doctor . What 's Tom 's condition ? No change . Well ... hmm ... looks like we 're in the market for a new medical officer . Feel up to it , Neelix ? I 've only been trained as a field medic . It 'll have to do . What about my other duties ? Make Sick Bay your priority . At this point ... morale is a luxury . How 's the core holding up ? The modified nanoprobes are still reinforcing the warp field . It should remain functioning until we reach the Demon planet . However , there is less than a 20 percent probability that Voyager will remain intact that long . Well ... it won 't be the first time this crew has been ... up against ... Captain ? It 's all right. I 'm just ... a little tired . Let Ensign Kim take command for a while . I 'm still the Captain . And I am the Chief Medical Officer . Don 't force me to relieve you of your duties . Your concerns have been noted ... sir . Now ... there is another matter . I want to download the ship 's database ... and our personal logs into a signal beacon . In the event we don 't survive , there should be some record of our accomplishments . A time capsule . This crew 's existence may have been brief ... but it 's been distinguished . None of you ... deserves to be forgotten . I will use unaffected components to construct a beacon . The deflector 's off-line . Interstellar dust is contaminating the warp field . Purge it . I can 't . The exhaust manifolds have disintegrated . We 've come too far to be stopped by dust . Reroute auxiliary power to the deflector . Warp field failure in eight ... seven ... six ... five ... four ... three ... Got it . Reinitializing the deflector . The warp field has stabilized . I may not be morale officer anymore , but I think this is a cause for celebration . What do you say , Captain ? Captain ? She 's gone . Acting Captain 's Log , Stardate 52597.4 . Our situation 's getting worse every day . More than 80 percent of the ship is uninhabitable . Most of the crew are gone . It seems less and less likely that the few of us left will reach our destination . Computer , hull status . Hull integrity at 45 percent . What was that ? Cargo Bay 2 has decompressed . Seal off that deck . Computer , erect a level-10 force field around the Bridge . Unable to comply . Seven ... I need more power up here . The bulkheads are coming apart . I 'm transferring the last of our power reserves . Deck 1 force field is in place . That 's better . How 's life support ? Degrading . We have approximately ten hours of air remaining . What about the time capsule ? It 's ready for launch . Do it . The launch sequencer has misfired . Reset the initiator ; try it again . It won 't work . The launch mechanism is demolecularized . Salvage the probe . It 's too late . It 's been destroyed . Personal logs ... mission logs ... all our history ... gone . Now what ? I 'm detecting a vessel ... 22 light-years away . I see it . I 'm trying to hail them . The subspace transceiver 's malfunctioning . If they move out of range , they won 't see us . We still have one active com circuit , but we 'll have to go to impulse to use it . Seven , drop out of warp . The engine controls are fused . Then unfuse them . Without an isolytic converter , I cannot comply . Dump the core . Ensign , dropping out of warp at this velocity could tear the ship apart . We 're already falling apart . We 're not going to make it to the Class-Y planet in one piece , which means that ship is our only hope . Think about it . What would Captain Janeway have done ? Computer , prepare to eject the warp core . Authorization : Seven of Nine - omega-phi-nine-three . Warp ejection systems enabled . Eject the core . We 've lost attitude control and shields . Hull integrity at 19 percent . Reroute life support ! Hell , reroute everything we 've got left to the containment fields . Hull breaches on Decks 9 , 10 and 1 1 . Seven . Seven ! Computer ... how long until we 're within hailing range of that ship ? F-f-f-five minutes and 30 seconds . F-f-f-five minutes and 30 seconds . Range ? Five million kilometers . Try hailing again . No response . Captain , I 've found the source of the distress call . It 's coming from a vessel . Can you identify it ? No . The readings are erratic . Looks like they 've taken heavy damage . 400,000 kilometers . Drop to impulse . Are the rescue teams ready ? Bridge to Sick Bay . Stand by for casualties . In visual range . On screen . Where 's the ship ? No sign of it . That debris ... that couldn 't be all that 's left . I 'm detecting residual deuterium , antineutrons , traces of dichromates . If it was a vessel , it isn 't anymore . Scan for life signs , escape pods . None . Make a note in the ship 's record- - we received a distress call at 0900 hours . Arrived at the vessel 's last known coordinates at 2120 . The ship was destroyed . Cause unknown . No survivors . Mr. Paris , resume course . Aye , sir .
