 Hello ? Hello ? I 'm here . Hello ? I 'm here to see Mr. Kurros . Could you ... ? Could you tell me where to find Mr. Kurros ? Ooh ... Wait . Do not mind Bevvox . He can be ... grouchy in the morning . Welcome aboard . Thank you . You seem tense . No . This is a time for celebration . The geo-stability of your world has been restored ... your people saved ... and all because you had the wisdom to accept our help . You accomplished in days what our scientists failed to achieve in decades . That it not to say it was not a challenge . Finding the precise harmonic for a planetary containment field did put my colleague here to the test , but , in the end ... she prevailed . We owe you our lives . Solving problems is what we do , and seeing the look of gratitude in your eyes is almost reward enough . Almost . I have some bad news . Our bernicium mines were destroyed in the last series of quakes . The ore 's buried under 60 gigatons of rock . We can 't get to it . We hoped you 'd accept this instead . A rubidium geode . Priceless . The only one ever found on our planet . It is rare ... but hardly unique and it is not what we agreed upon . I 'm sorry . This is all we can offer you . You are lying . The mines collapsed , but before they did , you transferred the ore to a shielded storage facility . Needless to say ... we detected it . Please , we need the ore to repair our replicator systems . Without it , we 'll be unable to feed our people . Get it to us now ... or I will deactivate the containment field . Have you ever experienced a level-12 seismic event ? Most find it quite unnerving . No . I 'll have the ore transported at once . This ... this was all a misunderstanding . Of course . It is already forgotten , my friend . Perhaps we will do business again someday . Yes . Show our friend back to his shuttle . I would hate for him to get lost in such an unfamiliar place . Oh ! Pardon me . Yes . Captain , long-range scans have detected ... One second . I 've wasted two hours on this thing and I 'm no closer to solving it . You can thank Ensign Paris for introducing the artifact to the ship . He was behind the last shipwide craze , too- - " yo-yos . " Now it 's " sheer lunacy . " Another hour and I 'll go insane . The solution is quite simple . If you align ... No. I want to figure this out myself . You said something about long-range scans ? They 've revealed a planetoid with high concentrations of dilithium crystals . Let 's take a look . Got it ! False alarm . Keep at it , Harry . We 're within visual range . On screen . Initial scans revealed substantial dilithium deposits beneath the planetoid 's crust . Full sensor sweep . The deposits are in the upper mantle , about 60 kilometers down . We 'll have to use phasers to cut through ... Hold on . What is it ? Some kind of resonance wave emanating from the core . It 's building fast , Captain . Right after we ran our scans . That can 't be a coincidence . Back us off , Tom . The planetoid is destabilizing . Shields . Report . We 're trapped in a cloud of metreon gas . It 's collapsed our warp field and knocked impulse engines off-line . A heavily armed vessel just dropped out of warp , off the port bow . Captain , I recognize it . It 's Hazari . Species 4228 . Technologically advanced , extremely violent . They make excellent tactical drones . What do they want with us ? The Hazari are hired to capture and deliver alien vessels . Bounty hunters . Yes . So who hired them ? The Malon , the Devore- - we 've made our share of enemies here . They 're hailing . Surrender . No one need be hurt . My client would prefer your vessel intact . Who hired you ? That 's not your concern . I 'm only asking because I 'm curious how much they 're paying . Maybe we can do better . Doubtful . We 're far from defenseless . Why don 't you save yourself some trouble . It 's no trouble . Charge phaser banks to full power . Fire and you 'll ignite the gas cloud . You 'll be destroyed . You 've left me no choice . I suggest you back off if you want to save your own ship . End transmission . They are moving closer . They 've locked on a tractor beam . Looks like they 're calling your bluff , Captain . It was a bluff , wasn 't it ? Seven , do we still have warp power ? Yes , but it 's useless while we remain in the gas cloud . Maybe not . Reroute every spare gigawatt to the shields . Prepare to fire phasers . Our target ? The gas cloud . Do you believe the impact will throw us clear ? If our shields hold . That 's a big if . Go to warp 1 on my command . Fire . Shields are holding . We 're approaching the perimeter of the gas cloud . We 're out . Warp speed . No sign of pursuit . They weren 't that heavily damaged . Why aren 't they following us ? There 's the reason they didn 't come after us . They 've got reinforcements throughout the sector . 23 ships . And long-range scans show more on the way . Must be one hell of a reward . The size of the bounty is immaterial . According to Seven of Nine , the Hazari pride themselves on honoring their agreements . Great . Bounty hunters with a work ethic . There 's got to be a way out , something they haven 't anticipated . Download the data for the Captain . She wants to see what she can come up with on her own . Should I have the Doctor prepare a hypospray ? Excuse me ? So you can absorb the caffeine more directly . Save time . Point well taken . I 'll make this my last cup . How about trying a sounding board ? Oh , you don 't want that job . Try me . It 's these Hazari . They 're like jackals . Circling ... feinting to draw us out while they cut off every route of escape . You make them sound worse than the Borg . At least the Borg come straight at you . The Hazari wait , invite you to make mistakes . They 've anticipated almost every move we can make , and the few things they seem to have missed , I 'm convinced are traps . You still glad you volunteered ? We 've faced tough odds before . You 'll get us through . Good night . Night . There is nothing like a good problem to spark the synapses , is there ? To open the mind to new possibilities ... new ways of seeing things . Of course , one must always confront self-doubt and fear , but that is a small price to pay for the ... exhilaration of finding the perfect solution . Who are you and what do you want ? You have a problem , Captain . I am the solution . Security to the Mess Hall . Intruder alert . I deactivated your communications device , Captain , but do not worry . I am not an intruder . In fact , I am not really here . A hologram . Nothing so crude . An isomorphic projection . You actually enjoy this ? It 's an acquired taste . It bears a resemblance to an Alkian confection we acquired several years ago . " We " ? I am a member of a small group- - explorers like you , but we seek out challenges , problems to be solved- - technological , biological , social , even artistic . A think tank . I like that . It 's very ... apt . Our " Think Tank " is nearby . A modest vessel . I have come to offer our help with your Hazari paradox . " Paradox " ? That is right . is it an escape route or is it a trap ? Do they know that you know that they know ? It is the best kind of puzzle- - pure tactics , psychology . Something tells me your help comes with a price tag . Whatever your culture has to offer that is unique . Technology perhaps , or maybe something you would not even think to value . I would need a closer look at your database . And how do I know you aren 't an Hazari trap ? Maybe they 're trying to lure us into an ambush like before . You are wise to be suspicious , Captain . We have done some preliminary analysis on their maneuvers . It does suggest some more likely ambushes . I 've downloaded the data onto your computer . All right . You 've got my attention , but I want to meet you face-to-face and the rest of your crew . Naturally . Our coordinates are in here , too , but we have our own security concerns , Captain . Please bring only one crewman and no scanning equipment . Fair enough . Then , I look forward to meeting you ... in person . We 're approaching the coordinates . Full stop . Looks like there 's nothing here . Maybe they 're cloaked . I 'm reading a subspace flux . The vessel 's hull is composed of a neutronium-based alloy . Starfleet 's theorized about such materials , but we 've never come close to producing them . Neither have the Borg . The Think Tank 's technology is advanced . Well , you and I will have a chance to evaluate it firsthand . Mr. Kim , you have the transport coordinates . The universal translator must be inoperative . Or his speech patterns are too complex to process . They must be studying it . Actually , she is studying you . Our resident expert on temporal physics . Perhaps the most gifted member of our group . She finds you interesting . How do you communicate ? One of my most gifted crewmen , Seven of Nine . Bionetic implants ... neural transceivers ? A Borg ? I 've never seen one outside the collective . I am an individual now . You may address your comments to me . Forgive me . I am Kurros and this is Fennim . In answer to your earlier question , this device allows the members of our group to communicate telepathically . Impressive . It sounds as if another member of our crew is anxious to meet you . A bioplasmic life-form . His name is Bevvox . He prefers a variable-gravity environment . What 's his specialty ? At the moment , exo-sociology and quantum mechanics , but his interests vary from time to time . Bevvox founded our group more than 100 years ago , after wandering the galaxy on his own for a few millennia . How old is this creature ? If you please , that is a sensitive topic with him . And there is one other ... individual who rounds out our group . An artificial intelligence . The mind of a mathematician and the soul of an artist . I 'm afraid he 'd much rather be modeling a fractal sculpture , than analyzing the data of our latest astronomical scan . And now you have met us all . A small group of minds , but we have helped hundreds of clients . We turned the tide in the war between the Bara Plenum and the Motali Empire , reignited the Red Giants of the Zai Cluster . Just recently , we found a cure for the Vidiian phage . The Vidiians ? You would hardly recognize them now . Just last month , we helped retrieve a Lyridian child 's runaway pet- - a subspace mesomorph , I might add . We had to invent a whole new scanning technology just to find it . And what did you ask for as compensation ? One of their transgalactic star charts- - the best map of the known galaxy ever created . When we helped the citizens of Rivos V resist the Borg , all we asked for was the recipe for their famous zoth-nut soup . Care for a taste ? Another time , perhaps . Tell me , is there any job you won 't do ? What do you mean ? Well , we have a non-interference protocol- - our Prime Directive . I 'm curious where you draw the line . As you know , there is no shortage of conflict in what you call the Delta Quadrant . Many of our clients are at war . To be frank , we will assist in the neutralization of fleets , starbases , even planets , but we will not participate in the decimation of an entire species , nor will we design weapons of mass destruction . Hmm . My colleague here wishes to speak to Seven of Nine about her bionetic technology . May he interface with you ? I am in direct telepathic communication with this ... individual . It is requesting information about integrating organic components into its technology . Feel free to give him some pointers . You 're welcome . To business , Captain . I believe we can solve the Hazari paradox without firing a single weapon . That 's just what I 'm looking for . Then there is only the matter of payment . Voyager 's schematics and an overview of its database . Specify what you want and I 'll see what I can do . I recommend the replicators . They 're very popular this year . I 'll contact you with our requests . I take it first contact was a success ? I have some qualms about their morality , but I believe they can help us . It was an interesting experience . Glad to hear it . We don 't have much good news of our own . Every escape route we 've considered is clearly a trap and more Hazari ships keep joining the search . Then we have no choice . We 'll put our own plans on hold and see what the Think Tank comes up with . Come in . You have a visitor . Mr. Kurros has returned in isomorphic form . Send him in . Welcome back . Captain , we have compiled a short list of items we would like . It was not easy . Voyager has a great deal to offer . " Quantum slipstream technology . " I should warn you . We never got that to work reliably . It is still intriguing , theoretically . " Neelix 's recipe for chadre 'kab ? " Yes . " An ancient Olmec figurine . " I guess Commander Chakotay could be persuaded to part with it . I 'm pleased to hear that . You can 't be serious . I realize the next item may seem unorthodox , but I believe it can be beneficial to both of us . You never mentioned anything about bartering my crew members . She will have an extraordinary opportunity to explore the galaxy as one of us . I 'm afraid the answer is no . I understand your feelings , Captain , but ... have you thought to ask Seven of Nine herself ? A curious proposition . To say the least . How do you wish to proceed ? I want your opinion . They are offering us the assistance we require . I am the payment they require . The solution is obvious . This isn 't a puzzle , Seven . There 's no " solution . " What 's at issue here is your future . The issue is Voyager 's survival . Sit . Please . While I still question this Think Tank 's way of doing things , there is a genuine opportunity for exploration . It could be the chance of a lifetime . You 're saying I should go ? I don 't want you to go , but it 's not my right to tell you what to do . Until now , I 've kept a close eye on your progress , helped you with decisions , but I think you 've learned enough as an individual to make this decision yourself . Would you like to join them ? I am intrigued . They are an unusual collective with a compelling mission , but I require more data . That 's why I want you to talk to Kurros yourself . See if he can answer your questions . Captain ... I appreciate your giving me this choice . You 've earned it . And remember- - if you do choose to go ... make sure it 's what you want ... not what you think is best for Voyager . We 're getting out of this- - with or without the Think Tank 's help . Why me ? I admire your humility . The collective knowledge of the Borg contained within a single mind . When we factor in your innate intelligence and the enhancements afforded you by your bionetic implants , we concluded you are an ideal candidate ... the first we have recruited in 17 years . When did you arrive at this assessment ? During your ... interview . My dialogue with the artificial intelligence . It was the most efficient way to evaluate your abilities . I am sure you can appreciate that . How much do you know about me ? Enough to know that you are tapping into only a fraction of your potential as a member of Voyager 's crew . You were adjusting the deflector array to improve shield harmonics . Do you find such duties challenging ? No . Without problems that test the limits of your abilities , you cannot expand them . Perfection will always be beyond your reach . Seven of Nine , you could become one of the greatest intellects in the galaxy , but that will not happen here among these limited life-forms . The crew of Voyager has accepted me ... integrated me into their collective . integrated me into their collective . They are your family . It was hard for me to leave my family , too ... and I was only a child ... not much older than you when you were first assimilated . Why did you leave ? To help them- - and my world- - solve a cataclysmic problem . The Think Tank requested you as payment ? I did not realize it at first- - l was too young- - but they gave me a remarkable opportunity , and now I am offering the same to you . Your group can assist many collectives , and yet you often use that ability as a means of coercion to obtain what you want . How many have suffered because they were unwilling to agree to your conditions ? We have a singular mission- - to perfect our knowledge . Perfection sometimes necessitates selfishness . It is your life ... not Voyager 's , not Captain Janeway 's or anyone else 's . It is up to you to achieve the goals you have set for yourself . I agree . But I can do that here . Please , take more time to think about this . We will remain nearby in case you change your mind . I doubt that will happen . Seven of Nine , report to the Bridge . Acknowledged . May I accompany you ? As you wish . Do you have a problem , Captain ? Two Hazari ships are approaching . I have declined their offer . Our first offer . Glad you 're sticking around . Take your station . They are dropping out of warp , flanking our position . Which one fired ? The ship to starboard . Shields down to 60 percent . Evasive maneuvers . Target their weapon systems and return fire . Their shields are holding . I can 't get away . They 're right on top of us . Hull integrity 's been compromised on Decks 7 and 12 . Captain , when the Hazari strike in pairs , one ship always remains behind to reinforce the shields of the attacking vessel . So we should target the support ship . How much is this tip going to cost me ? This one is free . I 'll take it . Tuvok ... Retargeting . Firing photon torpedoes . They are disengaging . Get us out of here- - maximum warp . Thanks for the help . Consider it a friendly gesture of good will in the hopes that Seven will change her mind . I have not . You are making a fatal mistake . We have already analyzed hundreds of scenarios . Voyager will not survive without our help . Your scenarios , not mine . Your confidence is unfounded , Captain . Reconsider . Order Seven of Nine to join us . We have an old expression , Kurros- - " Don 't call us . We 'll call you . " Remodulate the shields to a phase-variant frequency . His ship is vanishing from sensors . It 's being absorbed into subspace . I get the distinct feeling they won 't take no for an answer . Same here . Looks like we 're facing two threats now- - the Hazari ... and our would-be saviors . Our offer was denied . How shall we proceed ? We are already proceeding . Our offer was refused . We must let the scenario continue . Our calculations indicate a 96 percent chance the Borg will still be ours . Then it is decided . We will wait ... and let our problem ... solve itself . Duranium hull fragments , a thruster assembly , human organic residue ... We were supposed to disable their ship , not destroy it ! They 've entered the debris field . Detonate the spatial charges . Their vessel has taken heavy damage . Shields and weapons are off-line . Move us into position . Lock on a tractor beam and pull them into the shuttlebay . We 're in transporter range . I 've got a lock . Two life-forms . Energize . Any luck ? I 'm still trying to access their primary database . Let me guess . They 're the strong but silent types . Very silent . Did you try a mind-meld ? Without success . They 're unusually resistant . Well , hold off on the torture till we see what we can dig up here . I found something . A series of encoded transmissions . They 've been discussing Voyager- - our coordinates , our defenses . Whoever hired the Hazari know a lot about us . Check their sensor logs . See if they had any visitors recently . I 've got some bio-readings , but they 're pretty scrambled . If they are bio-readings , perhaps the Doctor can unscramble them . Tell him to give it a try . I 've created a forensic reconstruction from the bio-readings , using the holo-emitters . Brace yourselves . Malon . Huh ... they must really hold a grudge . We haven 't run into them for months . I 'm sorry , Doctor . Something doesn 't feel right . The Malon are economically motivated . And there 's no profit in revenge . Take a look at this . isomorphic signatures embedded in the bio-readings . This was no Malon . It was only a projection . You mean that 's a hologram ... of a hologram ? In a manner of speaking . I believe I can restore the original bio-signal parameters . Brace yourself . Well , it appears our Hazari paradox is more complex than we thought . I believe we 're both being manipulated by the same person . Recognize him ? No . His name is Kurros . The Malon you met with was nothing more than a projection . My sensors would have detected a hologram . Not this one . Kurros is a member of a ... Think Tank . They solve problems for a price . Oh , you have heard of them . They 're notorious in this sector . They 've made quite a few enemies . Enemies who might be willing to pay a hell of a bounty . Their technology is very advanced . Makes them difficult to track . Not if we work together . You 're the best hunters in the Quadrant and we have the perfect lure . All we have to do now is ... outthink the Think Tank . We 've got a puzzle , and we 're not leaving this room until we solve it . The Think Tank is out there somewhere , hiding in subspace . How do we find them ? And even if we can , their ship 's hull is neutronium-based alloy , impervious to our weapons . How do we capture them ? What if we send out a multispatial probe ? It would take weeks of scanning to find them . Weeks ? We 're not willing to wait that long . We could use subspatial charges to force them into the open . Where do we target the charges ? We 've still got to find them first . Maybe we 're going about this the wrong way . A direct assault seems unlikely to succeed . " Pure tactics , psychology ... " that 's how they solve problems . That 's what we have to do . They 've created this paradox to manipulate us into giving them Seven of Nine . How do we manipulate them ? Think . I thought we were onto something with B 'Elanna 's plan to ... Forget it . I was wrong . Let him talk . We 're talking in circles . Enough ! Three hours , no progress . I should have contacted my ships by now . Maybe we can 't outthink them . Captain ? We have to assume they 've planned for every contingency , including anything we could come up with to undermine their plan . This thing has been driving me crazy . You said you knew the solution . Prove it . Seven , how 'd you do that ? I scanned the device . Its mechanism operates on a simple fractal regression . You scanned it ? That 's cheating . Cheating is often more efficient . If you can 't solve a puzzle , cheat . If you can 't outthink a Think Tank , don 't try . Are you suggesting we give up ? Not at all . When you were in contact with the artificial intelligence , you were linked through their internal communications array . Yes , for several seconds . If you were to link with them again , we might be able to disrupt those systems . If they can 't communicate , they can 't function as a Think Tank . They 'd be vulnerable . Back to square one- - how do we find them ? Simple . We give them what they want . You 're going to join their group willingly . They won 't believe her . We 'll have to make them believe . Pull up a chair . We 've got some more work to do . An Hazari vessel is sending hails into subspace . It 's trying to contact us . Put them through . They 're responding . Hazari vessel , we have received your halls . Can we be of assistance ? You deceived us . I do not believe we have met . Stop the pretense . You wanted us to deliver Voyager . Very well , but only if you triple our bounty . My friend , regardless of the circumstances , we have a contract . Pay us , or we let Voyager go . All right . We will triple the bounty , but you must deliver them to us ... now . Agreed . We 'll contact the rest of our ships . We 'll seize Voyager as planned . Shields down to 30 percent . Return fire . Our phasers aren 't penetrating their shields . That last volley took out our shield generators and phaser banks . Life support 's failing , all decks . Let us be honest , Captain . Things do not seem to be going your way . Don 't count us out just yet . I admit you have been clever . You uncovered our subterfuge , but you failed to factor in all the variables . The greed of the Hazari , for example . Photon torpedoes ? Aft launchers are still on line . Target a full spread at the lead Hazari ship . A few torpedoes will not alter the outcome . If you do not convince Seven of Nine to join us now , the destruction of your ship is 99.8 percent certain . Fire . Direct hit . It 's been disabled . Clinging to that .2 percentage ? Hazari reinforcements should be here any minute . He 's right . Sensors just picked up a half dozen ships on an intercept course . Captain , I 'm detecting an unauthorized shuttle launch . It 's Seven of Nine . What the hell is she doing ? I believe she 's saving your ship . She 's not answering hails . Her shuttle 's being pulled into subspace . She 's gone . Have a safe journey home ... Captain . Seven of Nine , welcome . Your hospitality is irrelevant . I am here because you left me no choice . You gave in to your human instincts to save your crew , as we knew you would . Just another factor in our equation . If Voyager is destroyed , I will not cooperate . Do not worry . The solution to the Hazari paradox is quite simple . We have what we want . Call off your attack . Not until we 've been compensated . Fine . But first order your other vessels to stand down . Now , or we 'll destroy Voyager . Why is he in such a hurry ? Comply . If we de-cloak , we would be vulnerable . The Hazari could make quite a bounty on us ... far more than we are paying them . Their technology is inferior to yours . They would never attack you directly . I think this is a trap- - a new paradox your Captain has created for us . If we call their bluff , the Hazari might destroy Voyager and we would lose you . If we reveal ourselves , we could be destroyed . You told me , " without problems " to test the limits of your ability , you can never expand them . " There is one very simple way to narrow the odds . We simply link you to our communications system , allow our artificial intelligence to probe your mind as it did before , and Captain Janeway 's plans will be revealed like a jewel in a bed of fog . Sick Bay to Bridge . Seven 's neural transceiver has been activated . Acknowledged . Do it . I 'm transmitting the carrier wave . Voyager is sending an interference signal into our systems using her cortical implants as a relay . Disconnect the link . Disconnect the link . They can 't understand you . Voyager to Hazari vessels . Their systems are down . Fire the spatial charges . We seem to be experiencing some turbulence . Primitive spatial charges . I will have the dome back on line before they can do any damage . We 're being pulled out of subspace . I 've got a lock on Seven . lnitiate transport . The Hazari vessels are converging on the Think Tank . Tom . Setting a course . I urge you to reconsider , Captain . A good guest knows when he 's outstayed his welcome . We can still negotiate a peaceful solution . Do not destroy my faith in diplomacy . Your diplomacy could use some polishing . You know you will never be satisfied here , among these people . is this what you really want ? Acquiring knowledge is a worthy objective , but its pursuit has obviously not elevated you . Looks like your ship 's having difficulties . A minor problem . Oh , I 'm sure you 'll find a solution . Just give it some ... thought .
