 Ship is gray , Captain . We 've cut power to Decks 4 through 9 . Replicators , holodecks , and all other nonessentials are off-line . Remaining systems are operating at 20 percent capacity . Tom , how long can you keep us flying ? With the deuterium supply this low , even at one-quarter impulse , we 'll be out of gas inside a week . Everyone redouble your efforts . Keep your eyes open for new sources of deuterium . Tuvok , Chakotay , I want recommendations for further methods of conservation . Harry , you and I will give them a hand in Geophysics- - see if we can 't synthesize a substitute fuel . In the meantime , we stay in gray mode . If anybody 's got any other ideas , I 'm listening . We could set up a bicycle in the Mess Hall , attach a generator , pedal home . Now , why didn 't I think of that ? And I volunteer Harry to take the first shift . Living space will be extremely limited . Take only those personal items which are absolutely essential . Hello , there ! What , may I ask , is this ? That , Mr. Vulcan , is the Selected Works of Jirex . Only essential items , Mr. Neelix . Oh , Jirex is essential . He 's the greatest writer in the Talaxian canon . I never go to sleep without reading at least one of his parables . A habit you will have to break , until we 're able to restore power to crew quarters . I suppose I can try . And ... these ? I ... I get terrible neck pains without them . I suggest you ask the Doctor to prescribe an anti-inflammatory . Oh , fine . I don 't mind roughing it . Mr. Neelix , the blankets . No . No , that 's where l draw the line . My mother knitted these herself . I 've slept with them since I was a child . You 'll have to make do with standard-issue bedding . But those Starfleet blankets give me a rash . Then I suggest you ask the Doctor ... For some anti-itch cream . I might as well sleep in Sick Bay ! Thank you , Mr. Vulcan . You 've just given me an idea . What 's going on here ? I 'm working . You were ordered to shut down Astrometrics an hour ago . We can 't afford the power . Seven , it 's inefficient . Efficiency is relative , Commander . If I shut down Astrometrics , I won 't be able to scan for new fuel sources . I appreciate your efforts , but we 'll have to use conventional scanners until ... Conventional scanners would not have found this . What ? Highly concentrated deuterium . Where ? Computer , display source . A planetoid .4 light-years from our present position . There are dense pockets of deuterium just beneath the surface . Maybe so , but that 's a Demon-class planet . Demon-class ? That 's what Starfleet calls it . Also known as Class-Y . It 's got a toxic atmosphere filled with thermionic radiation . Surface temperatures are in excess of 500 Kelvins . Just entering a standard orbit would be suicide . Our situation is desperate . True . When faced with desperate circumstances , we must adapt . Captain 's Log , supplemental . I 've ordered adaptations to our shields to repel the thermionic discharges . Hoping that the benefits will outweigh the risks , we 're now trying to beam deuterium from beneath the planet 's surface . Narrow the annular confinement beam to .47 terahertz . Ready here , Captain . Stand by . Harry , shunt whatever additional power you can to the containment field . I don 't want any of those atmospheric gases seeping in . Aye , Captain . A thermionic discharge has struck the forward shields . They 're holding . Let 's get this over with before you tell me otherwise . Seven , do it . Energize . Transport in progress . Shields are weakening . I 'm reading an overload in the pattern buffers . Abort transport . Controls not responding ! Get out of there now . Computer , seal off the Transporter Room and erect a level-10 containment field . Containment field established . The good news is Nozawa and Seven of Nine have both been treated and released from Sick Bay , and the planetary gases have been expelled from the transporter room . And the bad news ? The transporters are off-line . It 'll take days before they 're back again . Great . We lose valuable energy on a course change , and all we get for our trouble is another downed system . Can we send a probe to collect the deuterium ? It would incinerate within seconds of entering the upper atmosphere . Then I don 't see any other options . Tom , put us back on our original course . One-quarter impulse . Captain , maybe I can help . Harry , the bicycle thing was just a joke . I 've been thinking . With Tuvok 's shield modifications and a few tweaks to an environmental suit , I could take a shuttle to the surface and mine the deuterium from there . Need I remind you , Ensign , that there is no environment less hospitable to humanoid life than a Class-Y . Actually , Tuvok , no , you needn 't remind me . What 's the alternative ? Resume course , creep along at quarter-impulse hoping we 'll find fuel before we end up dead in the water ? We 've got deuterium within arm 's reach . We can 't let the opportunity slip away without at least trying . He 's got a point . You wouldn 't be able to communicate with us if you got in trouble . And until we can get transporters back , we couldn 't beam you out . Even with modifications , it wouldn 't be long before your suit began to corrode . Exposure to that atmosphere could kill you within minutes . I know the risks . Even if I agreed , I 'd never let you go alone . Of course not . That 's why I 'm volunteering my good buddy Tom here to go with me . You were pretty forceful in there . So ? So ? I don 't think I 've ever seen you that assertive in a staff meeting before . You must be bucking for a promotion . I had an idea and I spoke up , that 's all . Oh , no , no , no . It was more than that . You put Tuvok in his place , right in front of everybody . He was stating the obvious again . Talking down to me like I didn 't know anything about Demon-class planets ? I am not criticizing you . Believe me , nobody enjoys seeing the Vulcan master put down a peg more than I do . I was just surprised , that 's all . Why ? It didn 't seem like you . Good . Cargo Bay 2 . You trying to change your squeaky-clean image or something ? Not exactly . What , then ? How do I explain this ? When I first came on board Voyager , I was pretty green , right ? A deep , almost fluorescent green , if I remember correctly . I was young , inexperienced , and I acted like it- - nervous about giving my opinion , hesitant to make suggestions- - so I usually just kept my mouth shut , and I behaved that way for so long , it became a habit . But , in the last four years , a lot has happened . I 've fought the Borg , been transformed into an alien , helped defeat the Hirogen . Hell , I 've even come back from the dead . It 's been a wild ride . I woke up the other morning and it suddenly hit me- - l 've got a lot of experience now , so why should I be afraid to take the initiative or voice my ideas ? Good for you , Harry . But ... do me a favor . The next time you try to assert yourself , leave me out of it . I hate hot weather . Don 't worry , we can cut some holes in the environmental suits , get some ventilation going . Harry , while you 're busy improving yourself , you might try working on your sense of humor . My sense of humor ? What about that stupid gag about the bicycle ? Oh , ho-ho ! That was funny . No , that was not funny . You think that 's humor ? I can 't thank you enough for getting me in on this mission , Harry . Don 't mention it . Remind me to volunteer you to help the next time I have to clean the warp plasma manifolds . Really , Tom , you don 't owe me anything . Oh , but I do . We 've lost attitude control . Time to show off your piloting skills . Think you can handle it ? Watch me . Oh , I 'll be watching you , all right . Switching to manual control . Just sit back , relax , and enjoy the ride . We 're entering the lower atmosphere , approaching the landing coordinates . All right . I 'm going to set us down . On my mark ... Mark . You did that on purpose , didn 't you ? It 's almost 500 degrees Kelvin . Don 't worry . The suits can handle it . If not , we 'll be human barbecue . I 'm picking up traces of deuterium ... 50 meters ... that way . Let 's move . No sweat . Lame . It 's coming from in here . What is it ? Some kind of metallic compound ... highly viscous ... and if these readings are right , its temperature is only 12 degrees ? ! In this environment ? ! Whatever this stuff is , it 's packed with liquefied deuterium . Jackpot . There 's another pool 20 meters that way . Why don 't you go check it out while I collect a few samples here . Right . I don 't know , Harry ... a couple of lounge chairs , a big beach umbrella , maybe some dermalplast to counteract the chemical burns , and I think we 've found ourselves a new vacation spot . Aw , come on . That was a little funny . Let me hear you do better . Harry ? Harry ! Oh , my God . I know it 's hot out , Harry , but you picked a lousy time to go for a swim . I don 't know what happened . I leaned over to collect a sample and it was like I was pulled in . Warning . Ensign Kim , an environmental seal has been compromised . Oxygen depletion in 30 seconds . Hang in there , buddy , and I 'll get you back to the shuttle . Have you put on weight ? You 're just out of shape . Warning . Oxygen depletion in 15 seconds . I 'll make you a deal- - you hold your breath till we get back to the shuttle , and I promise I 'll start exercising every day . Maybe you should start with the bicycle . I thought I told you to hold your breath . Warning . Oxygen depletion in five seconds . Hang in there , Harry . We 'll make it . Warning . Lieutenant Paris , an environmental seal has been compromised . Oxygen depletion in 30 seconds . You gotta be kidding me . We 're in the same boat now , buddy , but I 'll get us out of this . Warning . Oxygen depletion in 15 seconds . You 're right . I definitely need to get back in shape . Warning . Oxygen depletion in five seconds . Out of the question . Be reasonable , Doctor . Take it up with Commander Chakotay . He 's on his way here right now . But it 's only for a couple of days . Just until we get power back in the crew quarters . I suggest you set up camp in the Mess Hall . The Mess Hall is full . Where are we supposed to sleep ? Anywhere but here . This is a Sick Bay , not a dormitory . But you have four empty beds . Bio-beds , reserved for patients . You don 't have any patients . I may have one in a moment , if you and your fellow squatters don 't go elsewhere . You wanted to see me , Doctor ? Oh , it 's about time . Mr. Neelix is attempting to turn my Sick Bay into a flophouse . We are short on beds for now . We 've got to adapt . Aha . But what if there 's a medical emergency ? Then Neelix and the others will get out of the way . Absolutely . But ... this isn 't just Sick Bay . It 's my residence . And we promise to be the most perfect houseguests . What more can you ask for ? But ... I have a routine . I 'm a night owl . What if one of them should snore while I 'm listening to Puccini ? Well , if you feel that strongly about it , Doc , I suppose we 'll have to consider other options . Thank you , Commander . For example , we could shut down your program until you 're needed . The Captain asked me to look for ways to conserve power , and it would spare you from having to listen to them snore . Commander Chakotay to the Bridge . On my way . But ... Make yourselves at home . Try scanning for infrared signatures . There 's too much interference . What 's up ? Tom and Harry still aren 't back . You want me to take another shuttle down and look for them ? And risk losing you , too ? Either we keep waiting until we run out or deuterium and get trapped in orbit , or ... Or ? We land the ship . As you know , Captain , the landing procedure requires a significant output of energy . With shield strength as low as it is , we can 't even be certain the ship will survive the descent . What 's the alternative ? We 're up here , the deuterium 's down there , and we 're stuck without it . We 've come this far . Janeway to Engineering . Vent all plasma from the nacelles . Transfer any available power to atmospheric thrusters and stand by to commence landing sequence . Acknowledged , Captain . Commander Chakotay , take the conn . Tom 's going to be sorry he missed this . Code Blue . Commander Tuvok to all hands . Go to Blue Alert and report to Code Blue stations . Atmospheric controls at standby . Landing struts on line . lnertial dampers at maximum . All operative decks report Condition Blue . Let us down easy , Commander . We 're on a declining glide trajectory . Altitude 150 kilometers . A thermionic discharge . Shields down to 81 percent . Shields at 43 percent . Chakotay . I think we 're through the worst of it . Almost . Shields at 22 percent and falling . Can you shore them up ? Negative . There 's no more available power . Engaging landing struts . Brace for impact ! Status ? I could give you a litany of damaged systems , Captain , but suffice it to say , now that we 're down , we won 't be going up again soon . Start organizing repair crews . Well , that was very good , Commander . Take an away team and find Harry and Tom . Chakotay ... you 're going out to look for them , aren 't you ? - That 's right . - Take me with you . I can 't do that , B 'Elanna . You 're needed here to complete repairs . I 've already handed out assignments . Vorik 's on top of it . I want to help you find them . Look ... I know you 're concerned about Tom and Harry . We all are . I 'll have them back safe and sound in no time . Don 't patronize me . We both know how dangerous that environment is . They could be in serious trouble . You 're right . I don 't know what we 're going to find . That 's why I need cool heads . You think I can 't control myself ? I think you 're a little too close to this . You 're damn right I am . If someone you loved was missing on this planet , you would be the first one out that door , and you know it . B 'Elanna , the clock is ticking . Go back to Engineering , do your job , and let me do mine . Do me a favor . What ? Take Seven of Nine with you . You 're recommending her ? You said you needed cool heads , didn 't you ? Nobody 's head is cooler than hers . All right . And bring them back safe . I will . Excuse me , Doctor . Yes , Mr. Neelix ? We 'd like to sleep now , if you don 't mind . Not at all . Make yourselves comfortable . But you seem busy . Oh , don 't mind me . Just going about my routine . Sleep away . What about the lights ? What about them ? Could we turn them off ? You don 't expect me to work in the dark , do you ? Well , no , but I 'll never be able to fall asleep . That 's not my problem , is it ? I 've got a very , very busy day tomorrow and my next shift is just four hours away . Perhaps you should 've thought of that when choosing your accommodations . Well , if we can 't sleep , I guess we 'll just have to find some other way to pass the time . How about a sing-along ? I could teach you all some Talaxian rondos , and I know a Vulcan funeral dirge , not to mention the classics of Klingon opera . Very well , Mr. Neelix , you win . Pleasant dreams . Computer , lights off . You 're a little jumpy , aren 't you ? I thought I heard something . Now you know why they call it Demon-class . Demon implies a presence . This planetoid is unoccupied . I 'm picking up the shuttlecraft . Nobody home . It 's unlikely their environmental suits were able to survive the elements for this long . I hope you 're wrong . Looks like they went this way . My tricorder isn 't picking up any life signs . How did you reach that conclusion ? Footprints . I guess you never assimilated any Indian scouts . High concentrations of deuterium ... coming from this fluid . I 'll collect a sample . Let 's find Tom and Harry first . We 'll collect the deuterium later . As you wish . Maybe they found some shelter inside . Commander ! Good to see you guys . Welcome to the Demon Planet . Our suits were corroding , our lungs were burning- - we were suffocating ! You know what they say about your life passing before your eyes ? Well , it 's true . I was finally getting past puberty when suddenly , I lost consciousness . I don 't know how long l was out , but ... the next thing I knew , I was awake and ... and I was breathing normally and I looked over at Harry . He was breathing normally , too- - with his helmet off- - and-and we just looked at each other , and we just started laughing . I know it sounds crazy , but ... it was an exhilarating experience . His vital signs are normal . Apparently , he has adapted . Just the same , we 'd better let the Doctor take a look at you . Chakotay to Voyager . I 've already tried that . The com signal can 't get out of the caves . Then we 'll call again when we get back outside . I 'm telling you , Chakotay , it was an amazing experience . lt-lt 's like when you 're a kid who 's afraid of the water , and you suddenly realize that you can swim . Go ahead . Take your helmets off . Try it . I 'm glad you 're feeling all right , but none of us should be taking any risks until we know exactly what 's going on . Don 't tell me that a big , tough guy like you is afraid of a little poisoned atmosphere . Where 's Harry ? He 's further inside the cave . We found a huge cache of deuterium . Let 's find him and get you two back to the ship . Whatever you say , boss , but I 'm telling you , we could breathe this air forever . Lieutenant . Yes . We should have transporters back on line within the hour . Well , that 's great , but , right now , I 'm more concerned with little things , like , oh , I don 't know , say , life support ? Indeed . According to my calculations , environmental systems will cease to function in two hours . You say that like you 're giving me the weather report . Well , I agree the situation is dire , but losing our cool will not help matters . Losing our cool ? Where did you pick up that expression ? Mr. Paris . Well , there 's hope for you yet . Now , how about giving me a hand ? Harry . Commander . Isn 't it incredible ? That 's what I 've been trying to tell them . Are you feeling okay , Harry ? Never better . If we could get some mobile transporters down here , we could mine enough deuterium to get us all the way to the Alpha Quadrant and back again . Tom tells me you 've already picked up 20 kilos . That should be enough to get the main systems back on line . Let 's get back to the ship ; have the Doctor take a look at you . I 'd rather stay here and keep working , if it 's all the same to you . It 's not . Really , Commander , I 'm fine . You should send some more personnel out to help . They won 't even need environmental suits . I appreciate your enthusiasm , but we 're going back to Voyager- - now . It 's all right , Harry . Once the Doc takes a look at us and sees we 're fine , we 'll get right back to work . Status , Mr. Tuvok . I 've shut down life support everywhere but Decks 1 and 5 . It should provide us with an extra hour of breathable air . Chakotay to Voyager . Janeway here . We found Tom and Harry . First good news I 've had all day . What about the deuterium ? We 've got a few kilos . We 're on our way back to Voyager now . What 's your position ? About two kilometers from the ship . Captain ... Transporters are coming back on line . We should be able to beam you back from that distance , but it may take a few minutes . Have the Doctor standing by . I think he 's going to want to take a look at Tom and Harry . Computer , lights . Maximum illumination . Everybody up . Rise and shine , Mr. Neelix . What 's going on ? It 's checkout time . It 's the middle of the night . Medicine knows no time clock . I 've got patients on the way and there 's no more room at the inn . Patients ? is somebody sick ? I can 't answer that until I 've examined them , now , can I ? Examine who ? Ensign Kim and Lieutenant Paris . is there anything I can do to help ? Yes . You and your friends can vacate the premises . Right . Move ! You heard the Doctor ! This is an emergency evacuation ! Move ! Move ! Move ! Doctor ... Yes . thanks for your hospitality , and if you ever need a place to stay , my door 's always open . Energizing . Beam Tom and Harry to Sick Bay . What happened to them ? As soon as we beamed aboard , they started suffocating . Computer , erect a level-7 force field around bio-beds 1 and 2 . Force field established . What are you doing ? Filling the area inside the force field with the atmospheric gases from the planet . Try to breathe normally now . Easy , or you 'll hyperventilate . Slowly , in and out . In ... and out . Captain 's Log , supplemental . The Doctor continues to investigate Tom and Harry whose condition seems as serious as it is strange . That stuff is in our blood ? I 'm afraid so . From what I can tell , you 've been bioformed . Bioformed ? Think of it as the opposite of terraforming . In the same way we adapt the environment of a planet to suit our needs , this planet ... has adapted you . How is that possible ? This fluid somehow entered your bloodstream and began altering your physiology at the cellular level . I haven 't had the time to analyze the substance , but I hope to have some answers soon . I 'd like to run a few tests of my own , if you don 't mind . Of course . So , what 's our prognosis , Doc ? Well ... you 'll be fine . As long as you keep breathing the planet 's gases . You mean we have to stay inside this force field ? I 'm afraid it 's worse than that . The atmosphere of this planet can 't be replicated safely . Which means ... if we leave ... we 'll have nothing to breathe . Exactly . Either we find a way to treat your condition ... .. or you 'll have to be left behind . Can the bioforming process be reversed ? As it stands , I don 't know enough about the phenomenon to undo it . I 'll send Chakotay and Seven back to the surface . They 'll gather as much information as they can . B 'Elanna and I will start running tests on this . Let me go with the away team , Captain . I know the terrain . I can help . Doctor ? Right now , they 're better off out there than they are in here . But one of you will have to remain , so I can monitor your condition . No problem . I volunteer Tom to stay here and play guinea pig . Each square kilometer of this planetoid is less appealing than the last . I think it 's breathtaking . Breathtaking ? Yes . Perhaps your recent experience has impaired your perceptions . No , I don 't think so . I wasn 't really seeing it before . Seeing what ? The beauty . Would you care to point out an example ? Look over there . What do you see ? I see monochromatic geological formations , dust , haze . What do you see , Harry ? To me , those geological formations are a dozen shades of red and gold . That dust- - it 's glowing and the haze ... it seems to intensify the colors . I 'm sorry . I know it 's weird , but I feel connected to this place . Connected how ? I 'm picking up humanoid life signs . Location ? 100 meters this way . Magnify , factor 10 . Deuterium , hydrogen sulfate , dichromates . Add a little sodium chloride and it would probably taste a lot like Neelix 's soup . We should be so lucky . Oh , what 's this ? Magnify , factor 20 . Captain ? That 's a protein molecule . This fluid has organic properties . Let me see the sample that 's been treated with the reagents . Captain ... Let 's get you to Sick Bay . Wait . That might not be necessary . Commander ! Janeway to Bridge . Report . A large pool of the metallic compound is forming beneath the ship . We are sinking , Captain . On my way . Get down to Engineering . Get thrusters on line . We 're getting off this planet . I 'm not sure how , but they 're still alive . Just barely . Tuvok to Chakotay . Go ahead . The Captain has ordered an emergency ascent . We must bring you back to the ship . Understood . I 've got five to beam back . Five ? ! We found another Paris and Kim . I can 't explain it . I think I can . Prepare for transport . Beam us directly to Sick Bay . No . I don 't want to go back . Transporters are still acting up . We can 't get individual locks . We 're going to have to grab you in a wide beam , and bring you in as a group . Acknowledged . I belong here . Maybe so , but until we know what 's going on , you 've got to come back with us to the ship . Harry , no ! Four of the away team are in Sick Bay , Captain . I 'm trying to get a lock on the fifth . It is Ensign Kim , or rather , one of the Ensigns Kim . The ship is continuing to sink . Then there 's no time . We 've got to get back into orbit . We 'll worry about Harry , or whoever he is , once we 're up . Bring antigrav thrusters on line . Thrusters enabled . lnertial dampers to flight configuration . Dampers reconfigured . All stations report ready . lnitiating ascent . I need power to the thrusters . We are being restrained by an electromagnetic force . Compensate . No effect . Decks 14 and 15 are submerged . The ship is continuing to sink . Report . Thrusters are off-line due to an overload . Decks 13 through 15 are submerged . If we don 't lift off soon , the hull will begin to corrode . Bridge to Engineering . Ensign Vorik here . I need thrusters back on line . Lieutenant Torres has already sent a team to the thruster control junction . How long ? At least a half an hour . Even if thrusters are repaired , they won 't be of much use if we sink any deeper . There must be some way to disperse it . Try a nadion burst from the phaser emitters . It may weaken the electromagnetic properties of the fluid . Aye , Captain . I 'm on my way to Sick Bay to check on Harry and Tom . You 've got the Bridge . How are they ? Lucky . The backup systems in their environmental suits kept their vital functions going . It 'll take time , but they 'll recover . And him ? Aside from his ability to breathe the rarefied air on this planet , he 's the exact duplicate of Mr. Paris . He even seems to share his memories , not to mention his winning personality . B 'Elanna and I discovered that the fluid has mimetic properties . Somehow , it reads the DNA of whatever it comes in contact with and re-creates it . Fascinating . Can you tell me who you are ? Please ... just let me go back . Not until I find out why two of my crew have been duplicated . Captain , you have to believe me . I don 't know any more than you do about this . Until he showed up , I thought I was Tom Paris . A little changed by my experience on the planet maybe , but now I don 't know who or what I am . All I know is that I have to get off this ship and go back down to the surface . We 're ready to try the nadion burst , Captain . Do it . What are you doing ? ! Captain , we 're receiving an urgent hail . It 's from Ensign Kim- - the one on the surface . Put him through . Captain , please ! Stop what you 're doing ! If you really do have Harry Kim 's memories , you know that I 'm going to do whatever it takes to get this ship back in orbit . You can 't do that ! Why not ? I ... I 'm not sure I understand it myself . Well , then you 're going to have to help me figure it out . Mr. Tuvok , I 'm on my way to Transporter Room 1 . Erect a level-7 force field around the platform . Fill it with atmosphere from the planet and then beam Mr. Kim , or rather his duplicate , aboard . Aye , Captain . Do you have a lock on him ? Yes , ma 'am . Energize . Release my vessel . We can 't do that . " We " ? The planet and I , we 're connected somehow . I can 't explain it , Captain . I only know that you 've got to stop . And I 'm willing to stop , but I 'll say it again : release the ship . No . We need you . Janeway to Tuvok . Fire . What are you ? Stop . No . I 'll fire again . You 're killing us . You 're leaving me no choice . It 's not fair. lt 's wrong ! Janeway to Tuvok ... No ! No , no , no . Please ... no more . Hold your fire , Tuvok . Captain , we are continuing to submerge . Hold your fire . Acknowledged . I want some answers . I 'm trying to understand . This is hard for me as well . You said you have a connection to this planet . You talk about it like it 's alive . Alive ? Yes ... but not the planet . The silver blood . The compound that sampled Harry 's DNA ... and created you . Yes ... but it 's never been conscious , never sentient before now ... before me and the other . Tom Paris . We 're the first . Don 't you see ? You came here . You showed us . When the compound came in contact with Tom and Harry , it experienced awareness for the first time . Before , it was only instinct- - sound and light and heat . But those two ... showed us thought . I 'm beginning to understand . This silver blood ... experienced sentience ... and now you want more . You want to duplicate the rest of this crew and populate this planet . You 're trying so hard to reach home , but ... this can be home . Not for me and not for my people . Do you understand why we can 't stay here ? I think so . Well , then release us . We 'd rather die than be alone . We deserve life . This silver blood that created you it duplicated Harry without killing him . So you don 't need our bodies ... only samples of DNA . Release Voyager ... and I 'll speak to my crew . And if they 're willing , I 'll let you duplicate the rest of us . Bridge to Janeway . We 've stopped , Captain . We 're no longer submerging . Understood . We 're getting out of here , Tuvok , but first , assemble the crew in Cargo Bay 1 , and have the Doctor meet me there . Captain ... ? I 'll explain later . It 's time to meet your new family . All stations report ready for liftoff . Code Blue status confirmed . Take us up , Mr. Paris . Aye , Captain .
