 Pilot ? - Blast us out of here ! - Agreed ! We may be in danger too ! But there may be survivors , someone still aboard ... We 'll drink to honour their memories later , but we leave here now ! Do we have a consensus ? - Reverse course ! - Get closer ! - We leave here now ! - Is there a problem ? Damn ! Who does that belong to ? Don 't know , don 't care ! It 's subatomically disintegrating , John . No idea what 's causing it . Reason enough to stay clear . What is that ? Attention ! Transmission coming in . Please help us ! Power is malfunctioning , life support gone ... Pilot ... bring that ship aboard . - But you said yourself we may be ... - Do it ! We have our consensus , Pilot , deploy the docking web ! Deploying the web . Hurry up , Crichton ! Their ship 's in trouble ! Come on ! Okay , hang on ! Come on , hang on ! I 'm going to check the shuttle for others ! Crichton ! There 's no one else aboard ... There 's no one else aboard ... There 's no one else aboard ... There 's no one else aboard ... Yeah , I heard you the first time . My name is John Crichton , an astronaut . A radiation wave hit and I got shot through a wormhole . I 'm lost in some distant part of the universe , on a ship , a living ship , full of strange alien life forms . Help me ! Listen , please ! Is there anybody out there who can hear me ? I 'm being hunted by an insane military commander . Who can do everything ? I can 't ! I 'm just looking for a way home . We must be able to do something ... There may be others on that cruiser . Not anymore ... We weren 't even aware there was a malfunction , until the phase couplers overloaded . By then , all we could do was evacuate . Fortunately , Matala and I were the only crew . - Are you hurt ? - Oh no , no , no , just a little tingly . Must have touched a live wire or something . Half the shuttle 's power conduits have ruptured , I 've shut those circuits down . The cargo 's fine , no damage to its containment . What is the cargo ? Do you expect me to tell a Peacekeeper ? Oh , she 's retired ... Sort of . We have all escaped from the Peacekeepers . She is one of us now . Yes ... So , your cargo ? Scientific apparatus would be more accurate . We have been studying deep space gravitational fluctuations . We were on our way to rendez-vous , with another cruiser , not too far from here . - If you could take us there ? - Of course , our ship is yours . You honour us , K. A D 'Argo . You 'll need the coordinates of our rendez-vous point . Our guidance station is this way . Rest and revitalise , I 'll take care of it . Thank you . Something the matter ? No just ... I just had a ... - I don 't know what I just had . - Perhaps you need to rest and revitalise too ? Yeah ... That sounds a good idea . - The coordinates are now locked in . - How soon can we get there ? Pilot will let us know soon enough . Of course the real question is , what 's it worth to you ? Bearing in mind , of course , that we 've already saved your lives . Yes ... you have , and we 're most appreciative . Then you 'll want to express that appreciation before we agree to ... No bargains ! ... These are my friends . Friends ? You ? ... You only just met them . My friends are llanic , genetic cousins to the Luxans ... Our races have been blood allies for over one thousand cycles ... We shall extend them every courtesy ... Is that clear ? You must excuse the Hynerian , his manners match his size . We will reach that location in twelve arnes . Perfect ! And the cruiser shall reach us there soon after . Is there anything I can offer you in the meantime , to eat or to drink ? For myself no , but I 'd like to get Verell to eat something . Will you accompany me ? - More , Verell ? - No , thank you ! So , you , Zhaan and Rygel , escaped Peacekeeper imprisonment and commandered this ship ? I have left out one part , the crime for which I was imprisoned ... - Was it treason ? - No , it ... Then I don 't need to hear of it , Matala and I owe you our lives . Whatever your past , exile from your own kind is atonement enough . - How long has it been ? - Nearly eight cycles . If you 've been out of contact for eight cycles then you haven 't heard , the llanic Sector is at war . - The Scorvians ? - Yes ! Three cycles ago , they attacked an outlying colony . Completely unprovoked , slaughtered two million civilians . We 've been fighting ever since . Massive casualties and no end in sight . And the Luxans ? ... Do they fight at your side ? Your people have been more than generous with troops , armaments . Far beyond what our mutual treaty requires . How can I help you now ? Luxans truly are the best allies one could want . Just getting us to the rendez-vous point will help the war effort more than you can know . - Get away from that hatch ! - What 's inside there ? We 've already told you ! Very sensitive equipment that contains a cycle 's worth of complex sensor readings . - Well I 'd like to see it . - I said , get away ! - You 've had some training . - Care to test it ? Is there a problem here ? I was just scanning for those broken power conduits she mentioned . I thought that if I could identify them , the DRDs could repair them . I never asked you to fix anything . Well , I took it upon myself . Please , D 'Argo , if anything were to happen to our data , our hard work would be lost . Surely an operational pod is of much more use to us ... We respect their wishes ! I do not want to see you in here again ! Fine , I 'll leave you both to it . She will not return . That someone would send a cruiser , with only two scientists all the way out here just for research ? There are many species who seek ... - Were you going to say something ? - No ... Yes , I ... I 'm Sorry , I just went somewhere else for a second there . - Ah , you were saying ? - Oh , I just don 't trust them , - the female especially . - Matala ? Why not ? Well , she 's clearly leading D 'Argo around by his mivonks , and I think she 's having some sort of an effect on you . Me ? Now there 's some B. S ... She 's an entirely different species , we could never ... John ... hold still ... You 'll like this ... hold still ... - Is something wrong , John ? - Something 's happening and I ... I feel like I 've just been I 'm just going to get some air . We have air in here ! What is the matter with him ? He is Crichton . Ah , D 'Argo ... Come in , please ! - I do not want to disturb you . - Not at all ! Don 't forget , for nearly a cycle , my only companion has been Matala . Some would find that situation most desirable . Then you find her desirable ? - Please forgive me ... I had no right to ... - There 's nothing to forgive . Matala 's a colleague , nothing more . If you want her , then by all means , begin the Luxan chase . I ... I couldn 't . As you prefer ! It 's clear she wants you . D 'Argo ... It 's so kind of you to let us borrow your workbench . - Are you repairing something ? - Ah , building something . - Could it be a shilquen ? - How did you know ? I 've always taken a special interest in Luxan objects . The workmanship is exquisite ... Your hands are quite skilled . D 'Argo ! Friend , Crichton ! - Hey , can I talk to you ? - Yeah . Now ! Trouble ... Listen D 'Argo , the llanics are related to Luxans ? Right ? - You know all about ' em . - Distantly related . Well , llanic women ... when it comes to attracting men , do they have any ... special pheromones ? You know , body chemistry that acts like an ... an aphrodisiac ? No . How about mental abilities , like telepathic powers of seduction ? Psychic Spanish Fly ? You know that ? - Why do you ask ? - No , no , this has nothing to do with you , but I 've been having these flashes , and I 'm somewhere else , and Matala 's there . You know , we 're like , getting horizontal ... vertical ... - You ... and Matala ? - Yeah , I know it 's crazy ! Are we even compatible , I don 't know ? But ... it 's real , I can feel her , I can touch her . You were fantasising about her , remove her from your thoughts ! Trust me , I 'm trying ! Hey ... hey check the attitude pal . She 's not my type ! - Where is he ? - Who ? D 'argo ! Is he still behaving like Verell and Matala 's personal servant ? Personal servant ? That 's knew ? - Where is he ? - Who ? D 'argo ! Is he still behaving like Verell and Matala 's personal servant ? - Did you hear me ? - Yeah , I heard you fine ... twice . You are very odd , Crichton . That just happened ... That was real , that happened , which means ... I 'm not hallucinating . So , if I 'm not hallucinating , then ... I 'm seeing the future . Oh boy ! That 's the future ! Okay ... Johnathan . Get a grip man , you don 't know you 've come unstuck in time . D 'Argo , wait ! Thank God you 're okay ! - Look man , you can 't go in there . - Why not ? Because Matala 's in there , and she 's going to try to kill you , me , us , and stab Verell . I don 't know , she might have already done it . Crichton , you disgust me . Do you think this clumsy ruse will turn me away from Matala ? No , no , no , it 's not a ruse . Look , I know it sounds crazy , but ... You want her , and you 'll do anything to get her . I do not want Matala ! Would you listen to me ? Look , open your ears , or your tentacles , or whatever orifice it is you listen with ! I think the woman is dangerous ! Verell ? ... Where 's Matala ? She just left with the Peacekeeper , Aeryn . I have brought you some Contala tea . Most kind of you ... Bring it right in . This is not happening ... This is not ... it 's just not happening . - I 'm glad you 're joining me . - Me too . I 'm really in the mood for some physical activity . Aeryn 's invited me to partake in some physical conditioning with her . Good ! That 's ... that 's real good ! So you 'll be down in the cargo bay , right ? - Yes , as usual . - For a while , right ? Yes , as long as she can keep up . How 's your hand ? Well , come if you 're coming . Rygel ? Zhaan , did you see how much food D 'Argo gave those llanics ? Well , he 's not getting my share . You 've been aboard Moya longer than anyone else except Pilot . Your point being ? You know her sounds , and her rhythms . Just stop and listen to her for a moment . Alright . Moya sounds fine . Does she ? ... Not to me ! Something feels ... out of balance . I suppose Peacekeepers don 't need to know that much . Their females have no need for science or culture , or even the art of attracting males . Unlike females who can only achieve their goals by seducing male after male . Guess we both have our unique talents . More ? Or are we through here ? I thank you for the exercise . Matala ? The first symptoms of trouble you had with your ship ? Verell told you ! We knew nothing until the phase couplers overloaded . Think back ! Slight irregularities meant nothing to you ? We noticed nothing , what does it matter now ? ... Our ship is gone . Perhaps Verell will help ... I 'm sure he 'll be glad to help you , when he 's free . And while we wait , you can help me . - Yes ? - I 'm curious about Crichton . Far too complex , I 'm afraid for you to know in the short term that you 'll be here . I suggest you shouldn 't try . Now , I really must speak with Verell . I don 't blame you for being concerned , especially after what happened to my ship . You said the problem was phase related , and didn 't become apparent until it was too late to fix . It was caused by a malfunction in our core regulator . A subsystem that Leviathans like Moya do not possess . In fact , I doubt that Moya 's phase imbalance actually exists . Probably a sensor synapse ... out of calibration . If I can interrupt ... these future events , I got to ... prevent ... I need to keep people from ... from seeing each other . Must you jibber while I 'm eating ? Damn ! I don 't think so ... I 'm on a ship with lunatics ! John , what is it ? This is going to take a lot of explaining . Then do it in private ! We weren 't here to research , but to field test a new weapon , one that could end our agonising war against the Scorvians . This weapon is so powerful that it requires a containment field . We didn 't realise this until our cruiser had malfunctioned , by the time we got it working it was too late . Luckily , we were able to save the weapon . It 's in our shuttle . Is Moya in any danger ? No , the containment field will protect her , and us . Why didn 't you tell me this before ? Didn 't you trust me ? You are a Luxan , but you also are ... were a prisoner . We cannot be certain of your loyalties . Are you now ? We need you , D 'Argo . Whatever the risks to this ship , it must be taken . Without this weapon , millions more llanic lives will be lost . Can we count on you ? Yes . Believe me , I know how crazy it all sounds . Premonitions , future flashes . The concept is a fascinating one . Yeah , well , it could just still be a concept I could just be going plain old bonkers here , but I guess that 's about time for that to happen . If these future flashes are indeed occurring as you say , John , then you could simply alter the sequence of events and change the future . I thought of that . You know , just lock myself in my room , wait for ' em to leave , but Matala could still murder Verell , and D 'Argo , if that 's what she intends to do . See , the problem is I just don 't know why she would want to kill us . I don 't know what the game is . - Hell , I 'm sorry . - That 's alright , John . Zhaan , you said you didn 't quite by Verell 's explanation for the phase imbalance , right ? Not entirely . Well , I think it 's time the old goat spilled his guts . Verell ! You 've been lying to me ! ... us . - Why would he do that ? - Where 's Verell ? You need to calm down , rest and revitalise ... I have a technique that just might ... Back off , nature girl , and keep your hands to yourself ! Tell me , what happened to your ship ? And why are you trying to kill Verell ? D 'Argo , help me ! ... He knows the truth . He threatened to tell the others , make them turn against me . - Unless I pleasured him . - She 's lying , I never ... D 'Argo , what are you doing ? Matala ! If these future flashes are indeed occurring as you say , John , then you could simply alter the sequence of events and change the future . I ... I just did ! I just did , I changed the future and I made it worse ! - I 'm sorry . - That 's alright , John . Again . Don 't you get it ? I just had another look into the future , and this time instead of Matala snapping my neck , D 'Argo skewers me with his Qualta Blade . So according to this premonition , D 'Argo will kill you ? Yeah , yeah , I think the llanics have turned him around somehow , I don 't know . - I will talk to him . - Would he give me a character reference ? I just felt the blade slice through my guts , okay ? I just found something out ... Matala is not llanic , she is Scorvian . Her llanic appearance must be the result of genetic surgery . - How do you know this ? - Because she fights like a Scorvian ! The workout , you ... you set that up ? You saw her moves ? You saw the ... The Scorvian Neural Stroke , yeah . How do you know about that ? - Yeah , well , I saw it in the future . - What do you mean ? Look , just ask me later , just ask me later when I got more time . Of course , I could be dead three or four times by the time you ask , but ... Crichton is right . We may not have much time . If Matala truly is a Scorvian agent , then perhaps she is only with Verell to spy on him . Spy ? No , no , no , kill ! Now I guarantee you , Verell 's research is a lot bigger than academic research , I think that D 'Argo knows about it . Look , enough talk ! I say we confront them and force the truth out . No , no , we can 't do that ! No , because D 'Argo thinks that Verell and Matala are some kind of Ilanic angels . Then we separate them . We get D 'Argo and Matala out of there , and talk to Verell alone . Once he understands that we are not the enemy ... - Zhaan ? ... Zhaan ? - Yes Pilot ? I thought you 'd want to know the phase in Moya 's converters is getting worse . If there is a problem with Moya , perhaps D 'Argo would be helpful in tracking it down . D 'Argo , we have a slight technical problem , something about a phase imbalance . Can you meet us in the Command , give us your assistance , please ? I 'll be right there ! I 'll lay odds , one of the noodle heads , they come up with D 'Argo and lay off this phase imbalance as insignificant . What if all three come up ? There 's no way they 'll leave the shuttle unguarded , one of them will remain behind . Well , that 'll be Verell , he 's not going to leave his work . The others are worried about the core temperature on the pod . The imbalance can 't be significant , they worry over nothing . - Why can 't we tell them ? - What if they don 't believe us ? What if they demand to know more about what Verell is doing ? The Scorvians are devious , but I can assure you that nobody aboard this ship is a Scorvian spy . Brave d 'Argo , you have already proven yourself a hundred times over . Tell me , is it possible you 'd ever consider joining us ? - What do you mean ? - Becoming a soldier for the Ilanic cause , pledging to fight by our sides in the battle ahead ? I wish I could do as you ask ... but ... it 's not nearly as simple as that . Is it because of your crimes ? Verell told me . He and I have no secrets . I did not tell Verell what my crime was ... No one aboard this ship knows the real truth . It matters not what has come between you and your people . D 'Argo , war does not recognise multiple loyalties ... On the battlefield , there is only them and us . D 'Argo , I 'm waiting for you ! We should go ! I 'm on my way , Zhaan ! Verell ? Please , I 'm extremely busy , these data correlations demand my total attention . Well I suggest you refocus your total attention , cause there 's some crap going down here that just might be of interest to you . - Crap ? - Yes ... crap ! Crap , like I know you 're not out here , in the Unchartered Territories doing research . Crap , like you have enemies called the Scorpions , and that your trusted colleague Matala , is a spy for them who as best I can tell is deadset on killing you . You 're talking nonsense . Yeah , well , my entire life has become nonsense , so I suggest you listen to me , because if I 'm right , if I 'm right it means it all of your research , ... ends up in the hands of your enemy . So D 'Argo and I , we pulled you two out of the shuttle . I go back in , and I get zapped by some loose wire or something . - Do you remember that ? - Vaguely . Well that ever since then , I 've been having these ... time flashes ! Into the future . - Temporal dislocation ! - Excuse me ? Yes , entropic oscillations , anomalous phase signatures . That would account for the dislocation you are experiencing . Temporal dislocation ? You must have been exposed to ... Exposed to what ? What you said about Matala , what makes you believe that ? What exactly did you see in the future ? Exposed to what ? What 's in the damn shuttle ? A quantum singularity . - A black hole ? - A minute particle of one , yes . Its power and application are unimaginable . It is the ultimate weapon . You capture a piece of black hole , and you 're going to use it as a weapon ? My species ' very existence depends on it . If you are right about Matala , she will kill for it . 'Right about Matala ' , Verell ? In what way ? - Explain yourself ! - What has he told you ? That you are not who you say you are , that you are a Scorvian imposter . Verell , you can 't ? Oh no ! Get your ass in here ... Now , Aeryn ! Matala ! - D 'Argo ? - Crichton , she 's sealed the doors ! What happened ? Matala , she 's making a run for it . Not if I can help it ! No ! Aeryn ! Oh God ! If these future flashes are indeed occurring as you say , then you could simply alter the sequence of events and change the future . Oh Man ! It just happened again ! What did ? A ... a premonition ? I 've just found something out ... Yes , yes , we know , Matala 's not Ilanic , she 's a Scorvian in disguise . - Matala , a Scorvian ? - How did you find out ? He says he is experiencing the future . The future ? You can barely function in the present . If Matala truly is a Scorvian , then she is with Verell to ... Spy on him , and to kill him ! ... Look , I 've already lived through all this . Well , whatever 's going on , I say we confront them and force them ... - Doesn 't work ! - Then we separate them and ... Been there done that , it 's not going to work . Zhaan ? Pilot , we know , the phase imbalance is getting worse . - That 's correct , but how did you know ? - No , no , not now , Pilot ! D 'Argo ! The key is D 'Argo ! Okay ? The key is D 'Argo ! As long as he is with Matala , the timeline keeps getting worse and worse . We gotta talk to him , alone . We gotta get him away from Matala . We cannot ask him to come up to the Command and deal with the phase imbalance because he 's going to bring Matala with him , we need to get ... We 've got to try something new . Ready for transport , D 'Argo ... Hold still . I 'm sorry to disturb you , D 'Argo ... - but could you speak to Rygel ? - Now what 's he done ? He has presented a bill for the rescue and transportation of our guests . He intends to present it to the Ilanics when we rendez-vous . My people would be more than happy ... I won 't hear of it , I 've explained this to him before . I will explain it to him again ! Excuse me ! Where is that Hynerian bandit ? Where is he ? Where is he ? Yes , that ... Yes ... that definitely solves the containment field instability problem . How much time until the rendez-vous ? Sooner than you think . And you believe these premonitions of Crichton 's are genuine ? He is convincing enough . We need to subdue Matala , as a precaution if nothing else . And we need to get that shuttle out of Moya ASAP . Listen D 'Argo , I wish to God Matala was telling you the truth , that you could go off with her and join the Ilanic wars . What are you talking about ? Oh right , you haven 't had that . Matala 's going to offer you that to keep you off balance and distance you from us . I don 't believe any of this , It 's you who are trying to distance me from them . D 'Argo please , if what Crichton is saying is so ... Well it isn 't so ! Leave us alone , let me talk to him in private . Crichton , are you sure ? There is no more to say . Just go , go ! There is nothing you can say to me that ... You just shut up and you listen to me ! In that future conversation , when Matala offers you to go to the Ilanic wars , you tell her it isn 't possible . You tell her that your crime , the crime that you were imprisoned for would stand in the way . And not the crime that you told us , not the crime that you say you were in prison for , but the real crime , the crime that you 've been keeping secret from everybody on board this ship . How do you know that ? You can 't . Well I do know , and I 'm telling you the truth . D 'Argo , Matala is the enemy ! Look , I 'm sorry . - Crichton , there 's a vessel approaching . - It 's the Ilanic cruiser . We 're still some distance from the rendez-vous point . It is an Ilanic cruiser . Or looks like one , like Matala , it might be Scorvian on the inside . How fast can we starburst out of here ? We 'll be in her gun range long before Moya 's ready . Can we outrun her without starburst ? No , but I can outmanoeuvre her , keep her from a weapons lock . Zhaan , talk to ' em , see if you can distract ' em . See if you can find out who they are . Scorvians look nothing like Ilanics . If they refuse to make visual contact , you have your answer . In which case I start dodging . Matala ... D 'Argo wait ! We gotta play this smart ! Communication coming through . Greetings ... We regret that our comm system has a malfunction . Permission to dock and come aboard ? Don 't even bother responding , Zhaan ... Pilot ? I 've got it , Pilot ! - Verell , stand away from her ! - D 'Argo ? What 's wrong ? Who are you Matala ? Who are you really ? What is the meaning of this ? What are you going to do , D 'Argo ? ... Shoot me ? If I have to ... If the approaching ship proves to be a Scorvian vessel . No D 'Argo ... you 'll see , the coming ship , it 's Ilanic . D 'Argo ... trust your heart . Your heart knows the truth , you can trust me . - No ! - Get back ! I 'll kill him ! - Matala ... - Shut up ! D 'Argo , drop the rifle ! Drop the rifle ! Kick it towards me now ! Matala , why are you doing this ? She is Scorvian , my word as a Luxan . Lengthen ... D 'Argo , leave it ! No ! You try to stop her with this thing , you 're going to kill us all . You have to trust me . D 'Argo ... black hole ... I must destroy ... before Scorvians ... Pilot ! I need starburst , and I 'm talking right now ! All clear . Matala ... Sorry ... I should have seen it coming . Rygel ? Little camper ! You look good , man ! Gee , what is that smell ? Tail end of a food binge , I 'm afraid . Very difficult to stop when you get going . Which bit of me looks good , exactly ? The bit that 's not jumping back and forth in time . Food cube ? Food cube ? Hey , food cube ! Hey , how 're you doing ? I will recover . Yeah , when ? You mock me ? D 'Argo , I mock all of us . You know , you 're not the first to have his head snapped off by a chick . I do not want to talk about it . Fine ... but I 'm right . My personal life is not for discussion . This is a stupid question , but do you consider ... your true crime , part of your personal life ? I don 't want to talk about it . Crichton ... I am normally unaffected by females during a crisis . It 's just ... it has been so long . Oh that ... I understand . Man , do I understand .
