 Have you had enough of my back , Your Lordship ? Aye ! Now have some of mine . You cannot catch me , sir ... unless I choose it . Then so choose ... forevermore . Choose me , and I 'll defy my father and have you for my wife . How can I ? I mean no disrespect , but your father is a dangerous man . Never would he countenance a servant 's daughter in his family . You misjudge him . And you misjudge my love if you think I 'd allow my father to keep us apart . If I dare say yes , you must swear to stand by me in all circumstance and you must protect my family . We would have no recourse but you . With all my heart , I swear no harm will come to you , nor anyone you hold dear , so long as I draw breath . Just say yes . Hey , Wade , you awake ? Yeah , I 'm up . - Come on , girl . - I 'm up ! Blessings upon you and all your friends . Yes , blessings on you , too , my friend . Thank you again for your hospitality . Yes , thank you . exasperating ninny . Come on , Professor , he 's just trying to be polite . " Thank you and goodbye " is polite , Mr. Brown . Half an hour of servile nattering is sheer insanity . Oh , Lord , I hate these early morning slides . Are you kidding me ? Just take a nice deep breath of that bracing pre-dawn air . I could tell you what to do with that " bracing pre-dawn air . " All right , enough with the bickering , kids . And as for you , I have but one word - " hamburger . " How much longer must we endure the dubious merits of New India , Mr. Mallory ? Oh , about five minutes . What do you say we go to the park ? Maybe we 'll get lucky and find soft grass for you to land on for a change . Very considerate of you , my boy . Hey , you all right , sweetheart ? Hmm ? Yeah . I had the weirdest dream . Come on , we don 't want to miss the slide . - Hey ! - Oh , oh , oh , oh ! Soft landing there , hard path here - and where do we land unfailingly ? Oh , my God . Just say yes . What 's going on ? Hello , Wade , I 've been waiting for you . What if you could travel to parallel worlds ? The same year , the same Earth , only different dimensions ? A world where the Russians rule America ? Or where your dreams of being a superstar came true ? Or where San Francisco was a maximum security prison ? My friends and I found the gateway . Now the problem is finding a way back home . SLIDERS 2x09 " OBSESSION " Subtitles subXpacio Who are you ? The name 's Bond - Derek Bond . It 's kind of hard to resist saying it that way . You 're wondering how I knew you were coming ? I 'm a seer . I have visions of things before they happen . And I 've experienced this night a thousand times - ever since I was a child . I know you 're skeptical , Professor , and you , Quinn - you have your own reasons for denial - but you 'll accept the possibility , won 't you ? Me ? Your friends can 't conceive the continuity of the spirit , but you can sense this is a reunion , that we found each other again . What the devil do you mean by that ? Are you implying that you and Miss Wells have met each other before , somewhere ? From another time , Professor . We were lovers in a past life . I 'm sorry . I 've been anticipating this moment my entire life but this is all happening much too quickly for you . I 'll go now , and let you regain your balance . But please have dinner with me tonight - so we can talk . - I don 't know . - I think you do . I 'll pick you up at 7 : 00 . The Dominion Hotel . How did he know our hotel ? And our names ? This is weird , girl . It gets weirder . I was dreaming about him when I woke up for the slide tonight . Despite Mr. Bond 's claims , there must be another explanation . For instance , he would know our names if he 'd met our doubles previously . Maybe with the right technology , he could detect the timer 's energy and figure out when we 'd be here , but how the hell did he get in Wade 's dream ? Well , it looks like they do have pretty good technology here . Good heavens ! If these people are mining the moon , there could be any number of possible explanations . Wade - ! - Are you all right ? - " Oracle 1 . " Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Oh - I 'm fine . I 'm fine . He 's hurt . Ow - my foot 's not too good . How was that , sir ? What 's wrong with you people ? Do you believe that ? I think he stopped just to taunt us . What kind of world have we landed on ? I got their plate . Come on , let 's get him to a hospital . - Can you walk ? - I think so . What am I supposed to put for " local address " ? You might as well put the Dominion Hotel . JFK died . Huh . Nobody keeps magazines longer than hospitals . Not on this world . He died two months ago - complications of Addison 's disease . Attendees at his funeral included his brother Robert and Martin Luther King . Let me see . Here , they were not assassinated . First things first , Mr. Brown . Let 's take a look at the damage . Uh , excuse me - shouldn 't you take off his shoe and sock before examining him ? Why ? So you can see what 's wrong . Other than a slight bruise to the base of his fifth metatarsal bone ... and a slight strain of his internal annular ligament ... he seems to be in pretty good shape . Well , shouldn 't you take an x-ray or something ? An x-ray ? Never mind . Where are you two from , anyhow ? San Francisco . Look , I don 't know what your story is , but it doesn 't take a fifth-degree psychic to know you two are hiding something . What gives ? What took so long ? The nurse wanted to know where we really come from . - You told her ? - No choice - she 's like a walking lie detector . She calls herself a " medical oracle . " She could see everything wrong with Rembrandt 's foot without x-rays and she could sense when we were lying . What ? I had a compound fracture of the leg when I was a kid . She knew exactly where it was . Apparently , 10 % of the population has psychic abilities . They 're trained to specialize in things like medical diagnosis , mineral exploration , criminology . She 's in heaven . A world of people who think like she does . That 's them . She 's really nice , too . She 's going to take me shopping so I can get a new dress . What for ? I can 't go out to dinner in a pair of blue jeans . Come on , Wade , you 're not really going out with this guy ? Why not ? What 's the worst that can happen ? Wade , how many times do we have to tell you , no involvements ? Look who 's talking . Against the wall ! - Are you mad ? What for ? - We haven 't done anything . Not yet you haven 't . This is a preventative arrest . " Preventative arrest " ? What the hell is that ? Police Oracle says you 're going to kill someone . A " police oracle " ? You blistering idiot ! Who are we supposed to kill ? A woman named Wade Wells . Let 's go . Officers , with all due respect , the man that you are accusing of intending to murder Wade Wells saved her life a few hours ago . A man tried to run her down with his car , okay ? We got the license plates and everything . What 's the plate number ? " Oracle 1 . " You want to file a complaint against the Prime Oracle ? - You 're damn right we do . - Listen , friend ... if the Prime Oracle tried to run down Wade Wells , it was probably a matter of national security . National security ? What is this ? It says here that we " acknowledge having received our Miranda warning . " - We 've received no such thing . - What are you , a moron ? What do you think we 've been doing the past hour ? Listen , just sign the forms and you 're free to go . Then I 'm able to get home before midnight . You just booked us - you took our pictures and our fingerprints , now you 're letting us go ? We don 't incarcerate you until after you commit the crime . So if you 're smart , you keep your noses clean and if anything happens to Wade Wells , we 'll be on you before she hits the floor . Now sign them and get the hell out of here ! " In 1865 , a young seer from San Francisco is purported to have prevented the assassination of Abraham Lincoln . Lincoln was so impressed he created a special cabinet post , " Prime Oracle , " with the responsibility to foresee potential disasters . The rest of the country soon came to believe in psychic powers . " So from one coincidence , they set up this crazy social order ? Unbelievable . Under the apparent guidance of Prime Oracles this society has averted nearly every major conflict of the last century . Earthquakes , volcanic eruptions , assassinations , all are predicted here . People have weeks to adjust . Before you start cheering for the Prime Oracle , remember it was him that nearly ran Wade down . I know ... and that 's maddening . Why would he do such a thing ? Every indication here suggests that this Prime Oracle is a remarkable and benevolent man . These are the same people who think you and Rembrandt are about to murder Wade so don 't believe everything you read . I can 't believe this is happening . I don 't feel I 'm ready . I 've always known it would be today . I 've been ready for years . How can you be so cold ? He 's been like a father to us . That 's a poor choice of words , Melanie . No , it 's not . You hold onto your anger from a past lifetime , you 'll poison this one . What I 'm holding onto from the past lifetime is love . Sit , sit . No need to stand on ceremony . Clearly , you both received the vision I sent you . Oh , I still can remember the first time I saw both of you . So young , yet , so gifted . As you know from the vision , I will succumb to a cerebral hemorrhage by this time tomorrow . So now , I must ... choose my successor . Melanie Wallace , declare yourself . In fairness to Derek , I know that he is a more powerful seer than I am . But he lacks discipline , and compassion . And a Prime Oracle without these qualities would be a disaster . I admit I would have preferred a few more years of training . but I still believe I am the better choice . Derek Bond , declare yourself . The Prime Oracle is responsible for seeing every potential calamity that might befall this country or its leaders . I 've devoted my life to expanding the range of my powers . Even Melanie admits that I 'm further along than she is . I remind you , sir , that you were in your early 20s when you first took over and your early years were not without controversy . Both of you are right . You have more power . You have more discipline . But , while events ... can teach Mr. Bond greater balance , they cannot give Miss Wallace greater power . There is a woman Derek wants and I believe she can teach him what he needs to know to be my worthy successor . He is my choice . I really appreciate this after working all day . Are you kidding ? The truth is I actually have an ulterior motive . I know you 're only here for a couple of days - I 'm not thinking of anything long-term . Is Rembrandt committed to anyone back home ? Nope . He 's great , isn 't he ? So tell me - what 's it like sliding from world to world ? Well ... it has its moments , that 's for sure . Well , I don 't have any dinner plans tonight . I 'd like to hear all about it . Gosh , I don 't think I 've worn a dress since the Lottery Winners ' Ball . Anna 's a genius . She always envisions the perfect outfit . What do you think ? You look absolutely stunning , Miss Wells . She had it waiting for me in the window . It 's kind of like the one I wore in my dream . Quinn ... ? Nice dress . Hi . You look like something out of a dream . Don 't wait up . This is amazing . I can 't believe this place is so deserted on a Friday night . I didn 't want a lot of strangers staring at us . I should have warned you I 'm famous . Oh , no , that 's okay . Just a little famous ? I 'm getting a promotion soon . Then I 'll be very famous . Oh . You don 't have to be so impressed . I 'm the lucky one here . Why is that ? Just to be with you . I 've been in love with you a very long time . So , what did your father do after we got married in our last lifetime ? You don 't know ? No , I woke up for the slide . The dream was interrupted . What 's wrong ? - A blind spot . - Excuse me ? I thought you already had the whole dream . No , the alarm woke me . Are you all right ? Derek ... ? The Prime Oracle just died . Cheer up , my boy . We 're only here for a couple of days . Not long enough for her to form a permanent attachment . You don 't know her like I do , Professor . She 's a sucker for all this " past life " stuff . Ah , well ... regardless of any passing infatuation , she 's got a good head on her shoulders . And she won 't do anything to jeopardize her chances of going home . - Already , thousands of mourners ... - What 's going on ? ... gathered outside the gates to pay their respects . Regent Douglas Hagen has assured me the Prime Oracle knew his death was imminent and earlier today , chose Derek Bond to succeed him . Good heavens , it 's him ! Mr. Mallory , there 's a loop between the old Prime Oracle , his successor , and Miss Wells . Somehow it must be connected with the attempt on her life . Yeah , I guess . Who knows , maybe it 's connected with the fact the police think you and Rembrandt will murder Wade . Let 's assume the Prime Oracle really could predict events . He could interfere with cause and effect . He could set events in motion - a whole series of events initiated by a single action . Hi . Hi . Where 's Rembrandt ? Oh , he 's out with his nurse . You 're not going to believe what just happened . Oh , yes , we 've just seen it on television . No , not just the Prime Oracle . Look . Derek 's asked me to marry him . - You are Kate ? - I am . Who are you ? - A messenger . - Is Richard all right ? His father has learned of your plans , and has taken steps to prevent them . Richard begs that you flee to the bridge at Hampstead . There he will meet you as soon as he is able . Are my parents safe ? - Are they ? - I cannot say . Richard swore to protect them . If harm comes to my parents , it falls on me that I gave in to selfish passion . That choice cannot be taken back . But things may yet be right . As you love Richard , trust in him . Ride to Hampstead and await better news . I will away . Tell Richard I have done as he asked . Hello ? Derek ? Yes , of course I 've thought about it . Now ? I guess I can . Okay . Whoa , now slow down . He did what ? He gave her an engagement ring . - This is unbelievable . - Not as far as he 's concerned . - After one date ? - Bear in mind she hasn 't said yes , yet . Okay , is she wearing the ring ? She didn 't want to take it . He insisted . Don 't you guys know anything about women ? Once they put the rock on the finger , it 's all over . Well , I hear you had quite a night , last night . Derek called , he wants an answer . Good . Pick up the phone and tell him to get lost . - No . - No ? What are you talking about , " no " ? - You heard me . - What are you saying ? You 're really thinking about marrying this clown . He 's not a clown . If you want to know the truth , Derek 's everything I could possibly ask for . You know this after one date ? I told you , she 's infatuated with this guy . I 'm not infatuated . But the least I can do is explain it to him in person . Yeah , well , we 're coming with you . No . I can handle this myself . You guys could have said something . No need , Mr. Mallory . You said more than enough for all of us . Good morning . Thank you for coming . We need to talk . Yes . But you haven 't eaten . We 'll talk over breakfast . You 're having doubts about me . It 's not fair . If there was more time , I know we 'd resolve them . Derek , I-I can 't marry you . You 've had the rest of the dream . I knew that would be a problem . Look , it 's not that I don 't feel a connection between us . I do . But I can 't base the rest of my life on what happened in a dream . It 's not a dream . Those events happened . Even if you 're right , I can 't place as much faith in it as you can . It 's not about faith . It 's like sliding - each new world is a new lifetime . But I remember all of the worlds that I 've been to . Just as I remember my past lives . Even the old Prime Oracle knew of our connection . He told me you 'd be the most powerful influence in my life . You would teach me to be a great Prime Oracle . - Me ? - Yes , you . But ... the Prime Oracle tried to run me over with his car after I met you . - What ? - It 's true . He would have killed me if Rembrandt hadn 't pushed me out of the way . No , the Prime Oracle would never have done that - unless he knew Rembrandt was going to save you . He must have had something else in mind - some plan he was setting in motion to bring us closer . Wade , please - don 't make your decision now . You don 't slide for a day and a half . Give me that time . And if you choose to turn me down ... I 'll accept that . I 'll honor that . It 's easy , just tell him , " Here 's your ring back . " No , no , no , don 't hang up - She 's off the deep end . Listen , Q-Ball , you 're only making it worse . - He 's manipulating her . - That 's right , and she knows it . Last thing she wants is to hear that from you . Just makes her feel like you 're manipulating her , too . When the hell did you get to be such an expert ? I 'm " The Crying Man . " You think that just happens ? I 'm sorry . We 've got to get her out of there , Rembrandt . It 's not our call . It 's hers . She doesn 't know what she 's doing right now . Look , I would miss her more than anyone . But this may be the best world we 've ever seen , and this guy could give her anything that she wants . It 's got to be her call . We 're the only friends - the only family she 's got . We have to do something . Not until she asks . My childhood room . I had workmen here around the clock to get it ready . It 's not possible . Mugsy - ? How could you - how could you know everything in my room ? Every detail like this ? You read my mind ? To make you happy . How dare you ? You went into my mind without even asking me ? God , I feel totally violated . My thoughts are private ! What you did , it 's like rape . All I did was recreate the room so you could have a piece of home . - I 've got to go back to my hotel . - I can 't let you do that . I said , I want to leave now ! I 'm sorry if this upset you . I didn 't mean it to . Wade , I won 't sacrifice our happiness just because of one little mistake . I just - I need some time to think and I don 't feel comfortable here right now . You and I both know if I let you leave , I 'll never see you again . Okay ... okay , look . I 'll stay here tonight ... and we 'll talk about it in the morning . Okay ? - Okay . - All right . I 'll see you tomorrow . Sleep well . Are you sure that this is the right place ? This is my world , sweetheart . Remember ? Well , the first law of adventures is Murphy 's law - " Whatever can go wrong , will go wrong . " What a strange law . It must be very hard to get along on other worlds without a Prime Oracle . If she doesn 't show up soon we should just go in and get her . Mr. Mallory , this place is designed to stop people from breaking in . Let 's play a waiting game , eh ? Let her make her move and then help her to break out . If this is the right place , then where is she ? There . God , am I glad to see you . The feeling 's more than mutual , girl . Hurry , there 's bound to be security cameras . Come on . Did you think I wouldn 't know ? If you cared at all for me , you 'd let me go . You violated my trust , Wade . Say goodbye to your friends ... 'cause you 're not going to be seeing them again . No ! Testament to my foolishness . My love , I swear it , the woman who came to you was sent by my father , not by me . He boasted of it , knowing that no horse could carry me swiftly enough to save you . Then oppose him no more , for you will only come to harm . He is an evil man , and his power is too great . By all that is holy , I swear myself to attaining more power than his . Swear it not , my love . The pursuit of such power is the source of his corruption . You can 't die ! The choice is not mine . No ... no , no ... No . No-oo ! Don 't you get it ? When I died as Kate , you wished for power greater than your father 's . Now you 've got it , and you 're using it just as ruthlessly as he ever did . Wade , I 'm not keeping you here to be cruel . I know in time you 'll change your mind . You have so much power . How can you have such little insight ? I can 't predict the future , but I know if you don 't let me go , I 'll never be able to forgive you . Do you want to know the truth ? I can 't see the whole picture when it comes to you and that scares the hell out of me . The old Prime Oracle called you a " crossroads " in my life - a nexus - everything changes based on what happens with you . Derek , no matter how much power you have , you can 't force people to love you . Not even God can do that . The president will be here soon . I have a busy day . What the hell 's taking them ? Maybe they had more luck than we did . Rembrandt 's companion is well-connected in this world . Perhaps she had some influence . What a miserable world . It 's not the world , Mr. Mallory . Just one man . ... and the First Lady arrived a half an hour ago . The president was delighted in the unusual ... " Just one man . " The trouble is ... he 's the most powerful man on the planet . Sorry we 're late , guys . We finally found a lawyer who would at least talk with us , but not without a $ 10,000 retainer . You have any luck ? Wade called . She 's going to try and talk to the regent . We slide in less than six hours and there 's no damn way to get her out of there . So , what are we going to do ? Oh , my God - ! It 's Maggie ! Who 's Maggie ? My roommate from college . She 's the president 's speechwriter . You actually know someone in the president 's entourage ? I should have realized . She must be in town for the ceremonies . Can she get us to the president ? At least talk to him for us ? Well , there 's a chance . Come on , guys . Maybe we can still stop this thing . No , wait . You 've got to stay here just in case Wade calls . - I 'm not staying - - If she calls and you 're not here and we 're not here , we 're lost . Let me have another . Come in . I don 't have very much time , Miss Wells . We 're very busy with the inauguration . Please , sir , you still have authority over Derek . At this point , my authority is little more than a formality . Yeah , but it 's legal . And he 's keeping me here against my will ! That 's kidnapping ! Miss Wells , the Prime Oracle is our guardian of the future . No one , no one has the authority to challenge his vision of it . If he says that you should be here , we must trust that he is right . Are you all blind ? Derek is acting like a spoiled child . I can 't believe that you would put the future of your country in his hands . I 'm very sorry . I can 't help you . Your prescription arrived . Prescription ? The pharmacy just delivered it . An hour and 10 minutes . Where are they ? - Hello ? - He won 't let me go . - Wade ? - He won 't . Gonna die , Quinn . It 's the only way . Wade , hang on , okay ? Remember me ? Shh - just listen . If you get home , tell my mother ... don 't wanna ... I 'm coming right over . I 'll be right there ! Call someone in the Prime Oracle 's mansion ! Call someone in the Prime Oracle 's mansion . The Prime Oracle 's fiancée has poisoned herself . I 've got to get in there . Make the damn phone call ! She 's dying , man ! I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . Get off her ! Get off of her ! She was all I had . I loved her . " Love " ? She had to kill herself to get away from you . - You call that love ? - I didn 't understand . A lot of good that does now . It 's time , sir . You have to go to your ceremony . - What do I do ? - Same as me - you go on without her . The President is waiting . May God forgive me . Why did I have to take you with me ? I didn 't know what I was doing . God , I 'm so sorry . I can 't do this . I can 't be Prime Oracle . You have to . You were chosen . Don 't you understand ? I abused my power . I used it to get what I want and ignored everything I should have seen . She killed herself , but I might as well have put the poison on her lips . I have to stall . We have a crisis . Where are you people going ? This isn 't the hospital . - What 's going on ? - Out of the way ! What is going on ? Hang in there , Q-Ball . It 's going to be okay . Once you 've been installed , you can choose whoever you want to succeed you , if that 's what you really want - but if you don 't go through with this , it will be chaos . My God , she 's alive . Get me my car . And I 'm going to need a police escort ! Do you have any idea what you put me through ? We couldn 't tell you anything . The guy could read your mind . In order to convince Bond Wade was dead , we had to convince you . So that thing about " Dominique 's friend 's cousin " - Ah , that was just a sham . We had to make sure that you were alone when Wade called . I could kill you guys . Thank God . The weird thing is it was the Police Oracles who said we were going to kill Wade that gave me the idea . That , and Miss Wells ' passion for " Romeo and Juliet , " where the same ploy is used but not with the same happy result . So Dominique wrote the prescription and had it delivered . We put the note in the bottle ... that gave Wade the plan . How 's it going in here ? We haven 't got much time . Uh-oh . How much time , Q-Ball ? Almost two minutes . Dominique ? Come on , sweetheart . Bad guys are coming . We gotta run . She 's in no shape for that . Hi , guys ... You scared the crap out of me . Stop ! You stay away from her ! I came to say goodbye - and to beg your forgiveness . You 're letting me go ? I 'm going to miss you more than you 'll ever know , but I thank God the Prime Oracle spared you . - The Prime Oracle ? - You were right . He knew the only way I 'd ever let you go is if you were dead , so he introduced you to Dominique and a whole chain of events which unfolded thereafter . He knew we 'd trick you ? Now we 're both free . Maybe we 'll meet again - in another lifetime . I hope so . I 'd like a fresh start . You ... take good care of her . Come along , Mr. Brown . New worlds await . I 've got to go . I 'll never forget you . What 's wrong ? I 've just seen where they were going . Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries
