 Damn it ! Every time ! So how are those elbows and knees ? A tad sore ? Feel little painful bumps and bruises ? All right , all right . Don 't rub it in . Quit gloating , will you ? It 's just a little reminder that you too could have had a safe and sound landing . If the choice is looking like a reject from the Roller Derby or getting a little sliced up from the pavement - We 'll take the pavement every time . You guys are just jealous because I 've proven this whole idea works . Isn 't it a little quiet on this world ? A little quiet ? Since when are you the master of understatement ? Yes-sir-ee . " Rembrandt Brown Sliding Pads - a must for the serious slider . " Yeah , I 'm going to make a whole lot of money when I get back home . Hey , guys , what 's a " Kromagg " ? It 's written everywhere . I don 't know . It 's probably some street gang or something . What 's wrong ? Something 's interfering with the readout . I can 't get a fix on the next window . Can you determine the source of the disturbance ? Yeah , it 's coming from the north-northwest . We 'll have to move closer to pinpoint the exact location . This chaos is recent . The bread 's still fresh and the paint 's wet . Yeah , there 's a lot of looting going on . This is strange , Professor . Whatever 's affecting our device must be giving off an incredibly powerful electromagnetic pulse . And it 's on the same frequency as the timer . What could do that ? That sound has " stay away " written all over it . Shouldn 't we be walking away from the big nasty noise ? We could move 100 miles , and still not be free of this interference . If we don 't find and stop it , we 're sunk . We 'll never know when to access the gate . Good heavens ! The energy displacement is wreaking havoc on the timer . Is there anything we can do ? We can get the hell away from here . I agree with Mr. Brown . A rapid retreat would seem to me to be the obvious course . The readout window is pulsing in rhythm with the spaceship . It must mean their energies are synched up . Never mind that . It 's seen us ! Run . Come on , run ! Down ! Down ! What if you could travel to parallel worlds ? The same year , the same Earth , only different dimensions ? A world where the Russians rule America ? Or where your dreams of being a superstar came true ? Or where San Francisco was a maximum security prison ? My friends and I found the gateway . Now the problem is finding a way back home . SLIDERS 2x12 " INVASION " Subtitles subXpacio Shades of David and Goliath , man . Where 's the slingshot ? Here . Our timer operates on a unique frequency . Given the way it was being interfered with , I figured the spaceship must rely on a similar energy source . Activating the timer was like turning on a mega-laptop inside of a jet plane . It set this thing 's gyros spinning . The result was this crash . Great , Q-Ball . Remind me never to fly with you . Let 's get the heck away from this thing . I 'm with you . Whatever 's inside that thing can 't be too thrilled with what you 've done . Let 's just go . Mr. Mallory , over here . Look at this , Quinn . This is organic metal . So this ... in essence , is a living machine . Fantastic . Fantastic , indeed . An alien technology from outer space . But it 's not from outer space . Who did this ? Who brought the Manta to its knees ? I guess I did . The Kromaggs aren 't going to like that . They 're not going to like that one bit . They will avenge this loss with merciless ferocity . Kromaggs , Kromaggs . Who the devil are the Kromaggs ? They 're marauders . Killers . And they eat eyes . Human eyes . They came here to vanquish us - riding a wave of Manta ships to our world . And so , our Earth dies screaming . I thought you said they didn 't come from space . No , they 're from right here , man . They 're from right here . That 's the irony . Don 't you see ? I daren 't say any more . They might be watching . They might well be watching . Ah , my lovely twin daughters have arrived ! They too were set free when the Kromaggs came to our city . Come along now , girls . We mustn 't be here when the vengeful masters arrive . Good day to you . May your punishment be relatively painless . Did you see that medical bracelet he was wearing ? " Gatehaven . " My uncle used to work at a place called Gatehaven , only in our San Francisco , it 's a mental institution . Maybe when the invasion began , the inmates were released as their keepers fled the city . Oh , great , we were listening to some fruitcake tell us what 's what ? " Fruitcake " ? That 's hardly politically correct , is it , Mr. Brown ? However , back to the task at hand . Mr. Mallory , we 've got to get inside this ship and see what we can learn before somebody comes looking for it . Hey , come on . What are you guys doing ? You 're out of your freaking minds . Yeah , we were just leaving , remember ? Can 't leave , Wade . There might be someone or something hurt inside the craft . Good point . Keep an eye out for anything unusual . We won 't be long . I promise . Quinn , most of the ship was buried on impact . We 'll have to dig to get inside . Careful , Mr. Mallory . This thing may still be alive . We 're breathing Kromagg air , Mr. Mallory . As far as I can tell , it 's a standard oxygen / nitrogen mix . They must come from a planet similar to Earth . What do we have here , eh ? What do you make of these , eh ? Some sort of map ? I don 't know , Wade . I think we 're asking for trouble hanging around like this . I mean , what about common sense ? I guess that 's something those " brainiacs " wouldn 't understand . They 're scientists . Common sense just gets in their way . Yeah , wasn 't it a scientist that sucked me and my Caddy straight into an iceberg ? I was just an innocent man . A normal guy , trying to live a comfortable life as a beloved celebrity . Along comes a scientist and kicks me straight - Rembrandt , we 've been through all this . Look , you and I both know that we should be leaving , but as long as we 're staying , how come they got to go inside of that thing ? Why does the scientist get to have all the fun ? They said they would be out soon , huh ? It 's already getting dark . Professor ... ? I broke its neck . I killed it , Professor . If you did , you 're a hero , Mr. Mallory . This is an invading soldier , don 't forget , not a social worker . What 's this ? I think we should get out of here , Mr. Mallory . Hey , guys . What 's that sound ? What did you do ? I 'm not sure . It 's an alarm . Run for it ! Oh , jeez ! I think we 've lost them for the moment , but they 'll double back when they can 't find us . We slide in 23 seconds . Let 's pray the gate doesn 't attract them before it 's fully formed . This is one world I want to leave far behind . Well , that was one ship we should 've left far behind . But no , we had to satisfy our curiosity . Those soldiers who where chasing us look just like that thing we found in the ship . They remind me of some kind of hideous ape . What 's so disturbing about that face is not so much the ape in it , but the man . Here we go . Okay ! Go , now ! Wade , the Kromaggs - they 're sliders . Go ! Oh ! Ahgh ! Bravo ! The Professor landed on that poor guy - smashed his bread to bits ! Don 't you dare , you ... Welcome to Versailles West , in the country of " New France . " The French apparently rule this continent . I have a feeling that this world is going to be even worse than the last one . Thank you . You are English , no ? How is that tiny little island ? It must be wonderful for you to escape those dreary shores and come to New France , yes ? Yes , of course . Wonderful . Now , you say you saw a second ship coming through a wormhole ? That 's right . And judging by my study of the maps in the ship , I would say that our little madman was quite correct . The Kromagg are not aliens , they 're every bit as much Earthmen as we are . Come on , Professor . You saw those butt-ugly faces . You 're going to tell me that they 're from some Earth ? Different Earths could have followed different evolutionary paths . In the 1960s there was an anthropologist called Dreyar who came up with the theory of a " killer ape " - an early primate that killed off rival primate species . Perhaps the Kromaggs are a vindication of Dreyar 's theory . On our world , they were an evolutionary dead end . On their world , they killed off our early human ancestors . Jeez , if these things are sliders , we need to find home before they do . Our Earth needs to be warned . Every Earth needs to be warned - starting with this one . Hold on , " Paul Revere . " I happen to agree with you , by the way , but here 's the problem - how do we do it ? We can 't just go up to every gendarme and say , " Excuse me , very shortly an army of killer apes will be descending in your vichyssoise . " Enjoy your meal , English ? It must be wonderful to have some real food , not that crappy fish and chip . I 'm impressed , Professor . No matter how much that guy taunts you , you turn the other cheek . Patience , Mr. Mallory . Just wait till he sees his tip . Brown , our treasurer , let 's have some of those small pieces of silver you won in the last casino . Thank God for the Professor 's watch . We would 've been washing dishes for a week . I tell you , I just love the French women . You never know what they 're thinking . Of course , I could say that same thing about Asian women or Latin women . Maybe it 's a good thing you don 't know what women are thinking . Cheer up , Professor , it was only a watch . " Only a watch " ? That timepiece was probably worth more than the gross national product of Paraguay . Nasty French planet - filled with shifty , backstabbing , croissant-sniffing nitwits . Professor , you 're killing us . Maybe you should 've saved some of those insults for the waiter . That frog-eating mendicant ? I wouldn 't waste good material on him . Professor ... what 's that in your pocket , an atomic tomato ? Professor , you took that ? You shouldn 't have . You had no right . Mr. Mallory , if ever we get back to civilization this is the only proof we have of Kromagg existence . The question is , why the devil is it flashing now ? Is that what I think it is ? - Oh ! - Uh ! Is this " tangible proof " of the Kromaggs ' existence ? Hey , what gives ? I can 't move away from the wall . What 's holding us up ? Gravity . The Kromaggs are masters of the gravitational sciences . They 've learned to harness the Earth as we once harnessed the horse . My name is Mary ... and you are prisoners of - guests ... of the Kromagg Dynasty . There 's been a big misunderstanding . Why don 't you let us go and there won 't be any hard feelings , okay ? Why does he keep standing there while you do all the talking ? My masters refuse to learn a Homo sapiens tongue so they 've taught me theirs . I serve as their telepathic interpreter . You are now traveling through an interdimensional tunnel being transported to Outpost Earth 113 . A barren world where advanced life has never taken hold . Hear that , Mr. Mallory ? The Kromaggs can control sliding . Why are you doing this to us ? You disabled a peace ship . You murdered its controller . We were defending ourselves . We landed in the middle of an invasion . There was no invasion . The Kromagg Dynasty was invited in to quell an internal dispute . You intervened ... without cause . You speak for the Kromaggs . How did that come about ? Why you ? I was selected - chosen when I was a little girl . It was a great honor . It began when they announced their presence to the world . TV , radios , all channels - suddenly they were everywhere . The Kromaggs brought us new ways , new ideas . We accepted them as our superiors and they blessed our world a thousandfold . You will be debriefed on Earth 113 . Your willingness to cooperate will determine your fate . What time is it , Q-Ball ? Is it lunchtime or dinnertime ? Dusk or dawn ? All I know is that I 'm hungry . Can 't figure out whether I want to order pancakes or prime rib . Can 't help you there , Rembrandt . No windows ... no clocks . The hours just seem to run together . Where 's Professor ? They took him while you were sleeping . Notice how the four of us have never been together since we arrived at this place ? Must be their strategy - separate , confuse us , interrupt our sleep . Rembrandt Brown . You may leave your quarters . Go down the hall to the right , second door . Let me go with him . No . You will remain where you are . I thought you said we were guests . Why are we being treated like inmates ? Down the hall to the right , second door . Look , what about our other friends anyway ? - Aren 't we going to be reunited ? - Down the hall . Yeah , I know . " To the right , second door . " Rembrandt ... stay strong . Don 't tell them anything . Yeah . Remmy ? Is that you ? It is you . Oh , my God . Dad - ? How could it be ? I mean - How is it that you 're here ? The Kromaggs now control our Earth . What ? It happened while you were gone , but it was a good thing . The Kromaggs brought new ways of doing things and great prosperity to us all . What about the military ? Didn 't we put up a fight ? Fight ? There was no need to fight . We welcomed them . I just told you that . Why are you so nervous , Dad ? It 's been a long time since I 've seen my boy . Of course I 'm a little nervous . It 's a natural thing . The Kromaggs are our superiors . They have far more discipline and fantastic mental capacities . We can learn a lot from them . You still haven 't told me why you 're here . I 'm on my way to the Kromagg world - a whole bunch of us . The lucky ones are going by the thousands . We 're on this rock just waiting - waiting for our chance to complete the journey . Word 's out that ... you and your friends killed a Kromagg . It 's time to cooperate . Tell them the truth . Let them cross-check their coordinates so they can see that our world 's no longer a threat . Then they might even let you come stay with me and your sister . That 's right , Remmy , your kid sister 's here , too . If you don 't want to talk to them , you can always talk to me . Who designed your sliding machine ? Not the boy . Who did it really ? The government ? The CIA ? Quinn did it by accident . What about the others ? What role did they play in the machine 's creation ? They had no role - none . Do you know the coordinates to our Earth ? Do you know which sliding tunnel leads to it ? I 'll tell you what , " Dad , " you give me back my timer and I 'll take you there . Hey , why are you looking at me like that ? I don 't know who you are ... but you 're not my father . You see , " Dad " - I never had a sister . The Kromagg are killing me with kindness . Promise after promise of what they will do for me if I will just reveal to them the whereabouts of our Earth . Can you hear me ? Yes , we can hear you . I 'm sorry to bother you again . I guess I 'm just lonely . Thousands of us prisoner on this world , but they leave me in solitary . Why would the Kromaggs keep thousands of Earth prisoners on this world ? Some are here for slave labor . Some for food . The Kromagg claim to be a civilized people . Believe what you want . All I know ... is there 's a high price on their black market for human eyes . I wouldn 't worry too much . From what I hear , you 're VIPs . Maybe they 'll let you keep your eyes if you tell them what they want to know . That 's enough ! Now listen to me , no matter how they threaten us , no matter what they offer us , we keep our secrets to ourselves - right ? What 's the matter ? You act like you 've seen a devil . I think maybe I did . Talk to me , Professor . We may have ... seriously underrated the Kromagg power of hypnotic suggestion . I have just been talking to you , but you weren 't there . Lord knows how the others are taking it . We want to help you . We have the ability to transport you to your Earth . You could be home by tomorrow . Isn 't that what you want ? Of course . It 's what we all want . Then tell us true things . I can 't tell you what you want to know . I 'm not a scientist . Surely you know where your home is ? Everyone knows that . Not everyone . Not us . Have you no memories of your city ? Your family ? I think of them all the time . But that doesn 't mean I know how to get back . Are the four of you the advanced scouts of a sliding army ? No ! That 's ridiculous ! Do the rulers of your world have plans to invade the Kromagg Dynasty ? Of course not . They don 't even know about you . what are the dilactic interdimensional coordinates of your home Earth ? I told you , again and again , I don 't know . If you did know , would you tell us ? No . - Why ? - ' Cause I don 't trust you . I don 't believe the things you tell me . I don 't believe anything you say . If it meant sparing your life , would you tell us what we want to know ? No . Never . What if Quinn Mallory 's life were at stake ? Would that make a difference to you ? We have him in the next chamber . Unless your answers begin to bear fruit we will put him to death ... painfully . They told me they 'd kill Quinn if I didn 't cooperate . So I just kept talking - tried to keep them off balance . What did you tell them exactly ? Just some of the worlds that we 've been to . I figured if I appeared cooperative it 'd buy us some time . Well , I figure they got inside my head somehow . Painted a picture of my father that my eyes and my ears would believe . I got to tell you , man , I just stood there my heart thumping through my chest hoping that he would morph into something else or just vanish into thin air , but he never did . He actually was my father . Just my father on another Earth . Who knows what will happen to him now ? Not to mention a sister who really isn 't my sister . The danger is , you see , that the Kromaggs will try to backtrack our journey and find our Earth . Did you say anything to your father that might help them ? I don 't think so , but who knows what we 're giving out ? You 've spoken to a hallucination . We all could be talking in our sleep . You 're right . The Kromagg bag of tricks keeps getting bigger and our ability to resist withers away with time . We ought to try to escape from here even if it costs us our lives . Absolutely , man , whatever it takes . I 'm with you . What about Quinn ? We have no way of knowing , Wade . They may have held him personally responsible for the pilot 's death . What are you saying ? What he 's saying , Miss Wells , is that Quinn may already be dead . We may have to go on without him . Green - I - I never thought I 'd see green on this world . It 's so peaceful here . Especially after being cooped up for three days . Alone . My friends could sure use some space . I could only arrange this for you . It 's a gift . I sold it as therapy . Perhaps the atmosphere would make you long for home and lead you to talk . Are your masters watching us now ? Are they listening ? No . This is a sanctuary , a place I 'm allowed to come to when I ... truly want to be alone . That 's why I bought you some time and brought you here . What do you mean ? The Kromaggs have been testing you . The carrot and the stick - threats and promises - their way of searching your souls trying to find hidden truths . You are the first Homo sapiens they 've encountered who know the secrets of sliding . This terrifies them . All we want to do is get home . We 're no threat to them . Understand , the Kromaggs' Earth was hell , fraught with endless tribal warfare . Then they discovered sliding and were shocked to find Earth after Earth dominated by Homo sapiens . Their fear and hatred of us united them . Now they have a single military government devoted to the sliding conquests of other Earths . A common enemy - someone everyone can hate so they 'll band together and stop hating each other . So that was an invasion we slid into . One of many ... and all successful . Why are you telling me this ? Why take the risk ? The Kromaggs have branded you a murderer . Your hours are numbered . I don 't ... want you to die . I like you . When you displayed such resolute defiance against the Kromaggs ... I had some kind of breakthrough . I can 't really explain it , but ... I didn 't believe my kind was capable of such resistance . They 've brainwashed you - about us - about everything . But I 'm going to fight them . If you could bring me my timer maybe we could get away . You could come with us . There 's no time . Tomorrow morning , stage two of the interrogation process will begin . Your friends will be killed here on 113 . You 'll be taken back to the Kromagg home world where you 'll be tortured until they acquire the information they desire . I will never help them find my Earth , no matter what they do to me . Do you understand ? I believe that about you ... and your friends , too . But there 's nothing I can do . But there is . The Kromaggs trust you . Help us . I 'm powerless . I 'm truly sorry . I brought you here to say goodbye . I don 't mean any harm , Q-Ball , but is it really you ? In the flesh . I 've been with Mary , learning as much as I can about our captors and trying my best to gain her trust . They took her to the Kromagg Earth when she was just a little girl . It 's a jungle planet . Their cities are built amidst trees that would make the redwoods look like matchsticks . Mary was reviled by the populace , who saw her as a monster . They threw stones at her , spit on her . It must have been terrible . She 's supposed to be a monster ? The Kromaggs ever look in a mirror ? The eye-eating freaks . We 'll probably die here . Maybe not . She gave this to me . What is it ? I 'm hoping it 's a key . It could be a trick . Trick or not , it 's a way out , and I 'm all for it . - Are you with us ? - I 'm with you , buddy . Who 's out there ? It 's the prisoner in the cell next door . I 'd come to think he was an illusion . Give me the key . We 're going to get you out of here . No ! I can never leave this place . And if I can 't leave , neither can you ! Guards ! Guards ! The prisoners are escaping ! Next time I do a good deed , kick me . Count on it ! How are we going to slide ? We don 't have the timer . Music to my ears , Q-Ball . Now we got to find an exit . Dead end ! We have got to find a way out of here ! Hey , this way . Whoa , whoa , wait a minute ! - Wait one minute . - Quinn ! What 's he doing ? Incoming ! I took care of some sliding equipment I spotted through the door . I guarantee they won 't be using it for a while . Well done , my boy . You must hurry ! My masters are hunting you now . They 'll be here in seconds . Listen , we can access our gate in 83 minutes , but not from here . It has to be in the world where the Kromaggs found us . It 's all right . I programmed the portal to send you back to the last world you came from . With your timer , you should be able to slide from there . Please , go ! The Kromaggs taught me more than they ever realized . I guess they never dreamed I 'd do something like this . Come on , we 've got to get you to your feet . You 're dreaming , Quinn . I 'm dying ... and we both know it . The gate is fully formed . You must go now . Your freedom ... makes me happier than you will ever know . Go , Quinn . Go for me . Mary , the Kromaggs were wrong . You are beautiful . You always will be . Oh ! Take a guess . The Professor landed on the guy with the bike . Right in front of him . Croissants flew everywhere . Ah , pardon , monsieur . All right , I 'll change my mind . After Kromagg Prison World , New France is bearable . Wait a minute . Where 's Mary ? She didn 't make it . Multiple time units spent probing the minds of the subjects revealed that they did not know the location of their home Earth . Their sliding patterns were erratic and totally random . The successful implantation of a homing device in one of the subjects will allow us to track their journeys , in hopes that they will eventually return to their Earth . And we will be waiting - and watching , ready to attack when the time is right . You have done well , Mary . You may have an hour of freedom in the garden before you go back to your cage . Thank you , master . Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries
