 [ Melinda panting ] [ Melinda panting ] [ Horse neighing ] Melinda , you of all people know there 's nowhere to run . [ Panting ] [ Horse neighing ] [ Gasping ] Skuldar , please . ( Skuldar ) Save your breath . I 'm in a foul mood as it is , having to ride that smelly beast . You could say you couldn 't find me . He 'd know . I swear , if you let me go I 'll teach you everything I know . Worthless to a person without your gifts . [ Whooshing ] [ Electronic beeping ] [ Whooshing ] [ Grunting ] ( Quinn ) What are you doing ? [ Grunting ] [ Yelling ] Jeez ! What the devil ? ( Quinn ) Stop moving ! Mr. Mallory ? You 're a Mallory ? Yeah . Why ? [ Hawk screeching ] ( Quinn ) What if you found a portal to a parallel universe ? What if you could slide into a thousand different worlds , where it 's the same year , and you 're the same person , but everything else is different ? And what if you can 't find your way home ? ( voice ) Sliders . [ Hawk screeching ] [ Hawk screeching ] You failed , didn 't you , Skuldar ? I 'm sorry , Gareth . It wasn 't my fault . I was attacked . Attacked ? By what ? I 've given you more power than you could possibly need to achieve this simple task . It was a Mallory . Another Mallory ? He came out of the sky from some kind of a swirling tunnel . No human could travel in that form , even the most powerful druid . He can only be a Myrddin . A wizard ? Sir , with all due respect , I thought wizards were ... Not " were , " Skuldar . Wizards are . It was only a matter of time before one would make an appearance again . Although I had never thought it would be a Mallory . [ Horse nickering ] ( Wade ) Well , Professor , you 've had some time now . Have you come up with a rational explanation yet on how a man can turn into a bird ? Not yet , Miss Wells , but I 'm sure there are at least a dozen reasons . [ Snorts ] I 'd settle for just one . How 's she doing , Q-Ball ? Hey , Romeo . Snap out of it . Sorry . I guess I was just lost in thought . Yeah , we all know what kind , too . [ Professor and Rembrandt chuckling ] " Emrys . 20 miles . " I never heard of it . Huh . On our world it 's a mythical druid city . The city of higher powers . The druids ? I thought they died out in the Middle Ages . Actually , it was the Romans who wiped out the druids . [ Horse nickering ] But there was a bardic revival in the 19th century . Not in my neighborhood . So what 's their story ? They 're an earth religion , kind of like the Native Americans . They worship nature and believe in magic and mystical powers . According to legend , the druids are the ones that forged Excalibur . How do you know all of that ? I had braces in junior high . A lot of time to read . [ All laughing ] Well , I think we 're in luck . This looks like the authorities . [ Brakes squeaking ] Problem ? Uh , yes , Officer . We found this young lady being assaulted in the woods . [ Car doors closing ] She hasn 't regained consciousness since . Hey , that 's Gareth 's apprentice . Don 't worry , we 'll take her home . She may need medical attention . Maybe you didn 't hear . She 's Gareth 's apprentice . She doesn 't need any medical attention . [ Melinda groaning ] Here . ( Melinda ) What 's going on ? ( O 'Hara ) Relax , Melinda . We 're taking you back to the estate . Oh . Please don 't do that . Please ! Wait a minute . I said we 'll take care of her . ( Melinda ) Don 't take me . This matter doesn 't concern you anymore . Don 't let them take me back ! Don 't worry . We 'll make sure she 's okay . [ Car doors closing ] [ Car engine starts ] ( Melinda ) Please . ( Professor ) Don 't be so hard on yourself , Mr. Mallory . It 's not unreasonable to hand the victim of an assault over to the police . I wanted to help her , Professor . By the look on her face , I did anything but . It makes sense that the druids would settle in America . They were harassed by the authorities in England , just like the Pilgrims only a thousand years earlier . What ? Who would have thought braces would come in so handy ? [ Chuckling ] You should have seen me with braces . I bet ! ( Wade ) Why do you think I worked in a computer store ? [ Rembrandt chuckling ] [ Chuckling ] Oops . Excuse me . Alesha ? Have we met ? Yeah . Uh , sort of . I 'm sorry . I don 't remember . Yeah , yeah . That , uh , that happens to us a lot . Uh , wait a minute . Wait a minute . " You have Cleopatra 's eyes , I am Marc Anthony 's heart . " [ Chuckling ] Is that supposed to be some sort of pick-up line ? No , no . It 's from a song that I wrote for you . I don 't think so . Look , you ... you loved it when you first heard it . Uh , listen . You and I , we ... we have a connection . It 's a little hard to explain . No , it isn 't . I 've treated your type before . You see a woman , create a fantasy romance in your mind , and then react aggressively when she doesn 't respond to your twisted delusion . Call me , if you have insurance . " Alesha Avo , psychiatrist " ? What was that all about ? [ Clicking tongue ] What it 's always about . Meeting people that we care for who don 't even know who we are . Did you see that ? No , the sun was in my eyes . I think it was the dragon . Come on . You don 't believe in that crap , do you ? Hey , a lot of people think it exists . Yeah ? Well , a lot of people are stupid . It 's probably just a big bird . [ Car door closing ] Just let me do the talking , okay ? [ Door creaking ] So , you 've found the wayward Melinda . Take her inside . Make sure that she 's comfortable . ( Kelley ) Sir , um , I know it 's none of my business , but she may need medical attention . ( Gareth ) You 're right . It 's not your business . I told you to let me do the talking . I guess I 'm not used to the dutiful scullery maid 's role . Look , this guy may be out of power now , but you know he 's gonna find a way to come back . And when he does , you want to be on his good side . I still don 't feel right about this . I think he 's gonna hurt her . Kelley , she 's his apprentice and he can do whatever he wants . Come on , it 's the end of shift . [ Screeching ] [ People chattering ] Well , since you 're so enamored with this woman , I suggest that you try a love potion , eh , Miss Wells ? We 're certainly on the right world for one . Wouldn 't you be surprised ? Actually , I am feeling a little bit left out . I seem to be the only man without a woman to moon over . You know , I fail to see the humor , Professor . Look , we 've been sliding for a long time now . And maybe an egghead like you can find happiness in a book on cosmology , but I happen to enjoy the companionship of a woman . Well , this may come as a surprise to you , but I , too , happen to enjoy the companionship of a woman . Guys , stop it . This is a ridiculous argument . We could all use somebody special to wrap our arms around once in a while , but it 's not gonna do any good attacking each other , okay ? Look , I ... I found out about this Gareth guy . The desk clerk told me that he used to be the chief druid of Emrys , but the council threw him out for practicing black magic . That makes me feel great . Hey , she 's his apprentice . For all we know , she 's just as dark as he is . She 's not . And how do you know that ? You know , you 've been obsessing about her since the moment you saw her . I know she 's beautiful , but I think it 's time that you let it go . Diggs , please . Tell me , do you know anything about this woman Melinda ? Okay , that 's it . I 've had enough . I 'm going to the room . Anybody coming with me ? Yeah , I 'll go . So ? Well , she belongs to a druid named Gareth . They say she was born with a certain talent for the supernatural . Is everyone a druid on this world ? ( Diggs ) Oh , no . They 're the ruling class . And they do a pretty good job of running things , except for the occasional bad apple . How can we get to this Gareth 's estate ? Believe me , you don 't want to know . There 's a lot of weird stuff supposedly going on up there . I can 't just sit here knowing I handed her over to this guy . I 've got to go up there . Well , before you do anything , you might want to talk to a reporter I know , Sean Nuinn . He knows more about Gareth than anyone . [ Door creaking open ] ( Kelley ) Melinda ? Melinda ? Hello ? Melinda ? Hello ? Oh , my God ! ( Melinda ) Please untie me . What 's he gonna do to you ? Now that the moon is sextile Jupiter , Gareth can raise a demon from the underworld to impregnate me . He wants me to give birth to an immortal child like the wizard Merlin . He 's insane ! No , he 's obsessed with immortality . Once the child is grown , he 'll take possession of its body , which will mean he could live forever . I admire your skill , Officer . This isn 't an easy place to break in to . And I admire your dedication to your job . But I no longer have any need for Melinda to bear me a child . The Mallory wizard who found her in the woods has an immortal body . You don 't have the power to possess a wizard 's body . This one I do , because he is a Mallory , and I know their weakness . So you 'll let her go ? Of course not . She is the bait that I will dangle in front of the wizard . Your presence , however , is no longer required . [ Sobbing ] [ Birds chirping ] You 're awfully quiet . I was thinking about Miss Wells ' question . How does a scientist explain a man turning into a bird ? You see , in our world , we 'd simply dismiss it as , uh , an illusion , uh , a hoax of some sort . But there is a provision of super-string theory which suggests that perhaps , in certain clusters , the universal laws of physics are just local . Now is that what we got here ? Are we living in a universe where the laws of physics are actually different , or are we dealing with our old friend fraud ? Well , Professor , I think it was Shakespeare who said : " There are things in heaven and earth not dreamt of in your philosophy . " Hamlet to Horatio after he 's seen the Ghost . That 's very appropriate . I know it 's all scientific heresy , I 'm starting to think Shakespeare knew what he was talking about . Maybe some things just can 't be explained . Hmm . That is heresy . Did he actually say which tree he would meet us under ? Mr. Nuinn ? ( Nuinn ) Don 't say my name . [ Birds twittering ] You 've got one minute . The bartender at the inn said you knew more about Gareth than anyone . You knew that already . You just wasted 10 seconds . We 're concerned with his apprentice , Melinda . We think he might be abusing her . Oh , I 'm sure he is . But certain druids have developed incredible powers over the course of generations . Gareth 's one of them . No one wants to challenge him . 40 seconds . Is there any way this Melinda could regain her freedom ? Only if Gareth granted it . And that 's not likely . He 's got a soul black as tar . You ask me , he 's the one responsible for the destruction of the Mallory clan . Mallory clan ? ( Nuinn ) Highly regarded white druids . Gareth feared their power and influence . I can 't prove it yet , but I think he found their Achilles ' heel and murdered them . 20 seconds . I recall a piece of druidic lore about not destroying an entire clan . If you wipe out the last of a lineage , they say you incur the wrath of Mercury , god of high magic . I 've heard Gareth has the last Mallory brother imprisoned somewhere on his estate to avoid that . Is there any way that we can get into Gareth 's estate ? ( Nuinn ) Sorry , you 're out of time . Why are you so afraid of talking to us , man ? After I wrote an unflattering article about Gareth , I suddenly was struck blind . The doctors can 't explain it . Think long and hard before you do anything you might regret . ( Rembrandt ) That 's right , I 'm from a parallel world . That is the exact word that I used when it was first explained to me . But , Alesha , it is the truth . Now we crossed over on something called the Einstein-Rosen-Podolsky bridge . Uh-huh . Really ? Delusional schizophrenic ? No , I can 't say anyone 's ever called me that before . Uh-huh . So does this mean that your answer is no ? [ Dial tone buzzing ] So much for honesty , huh ? Yeah , it 's true what they say , love is a cruel jester . So , what 's the story with you two , anyway ? I mean , if you want to talk about it . If not , I understand . Yeah , that 's what I love about you . You never press . [ Chuckling ] Well , the day that my Caddy got sucked into Q-Ball 's vortex , the day that I was gonna sing the National Anthem to kick-start my career , that was the day I was gonna ask Alesha to move in with me . She was a backup singer for the Starlettes . Very talented . She and I were gonna make a team . Sort of like Ike and Tina , but without the broken dishes . [ Chuckling ] You know , it 's funny , but we 've never really talked about what was going on with you before you got caught up in all this . Yeah , I did have a life . I tell you , if I could just reconnect with Alesha ... Well , let 's just say that that is one woman that I would give up sliding for . Well , maybe this 'll help . I got it at a druid book shop . Classic Druidic Spells and Potions . Wait a minute . You 're saying that we 're gonna cast a spell so that this Alesha can fall for me ? You game ? [ Chuckling ] Well , on a world where a man can turn into a hawk , I mean , why not ? Why not ? Your concern about the girl may be justified but it 's dumb to interfere with what may be no more than a domestic dispute . Professor , I just can 't let a person suffer because of a mistake that I made on this world or any other . Mr. Mallory , we slide in 12 hours . Now what can you possibly do today that cannot be changed tomorrow ? ( Melinda ) Quinn ? Gareth has released me from his claim . I 'm free now . I 'm so glad you 're okay . We were so worried . You don 't know how bad I ... It 's because of you that he freed me . He fears your clan . Is there someplace we can go and talk ? Alone ? Yeah . Yeah , sure . Uh , Professor , we 'll be back in a little while . Mr. Mallory . He 'll be fine . You 'll be fine . I 'll just stay here and get some fresh air . So nice to see you again . Thank you , Professor . Mr. Mallory ! ( Rembrandt ) I appreciate what you 're tryin ' to do , but I 'm catchin ' a cramp . ( Wade ) We 're almost there . [ Chuckling ] If anyone ever saw what we were doing , they would say that we were way past there . Rembrandt , you 're supposed to be concentrating on the object of your desire . All right . All right . Right . " Circle of magic , chaste ring of white , " capture this man 's love at first sight . " Consecrate the flowers of this scent " and allow the wearer 's heart to claim that which you have destined him to cherish . " That 's it . You can open your eyes . If we did this right , there 's no way Alesha can resist you . Alesha who ? " Alesha who ? " Have I ever told you how beautiful you are ? Uh-oh . ( Quinn ) What will you do now that you don 't have to serve Gareth anymore ? That 's what I 'd like to talk to you about . I 'd like to be with you , if you 'd have me . [ Crow cawing ] From the moment I saw you , I knew that we should live as one . Well , Melinda , I 'd ... I 'd love to be with you , too , but , you see , there 's a problem . I 'm leaving this world in a few hours . I expected as much . It is a wonderful power to possess , so take me with you . We can travel among the stars and make love in the clouds . Just promise to be gentle . I 've never kissed a wizard . Melinda ? [ Hawk screeching ] [ Groaning ] [ Panting ] [ Quinn yelling ] Mr. Mallory ! Quinn ? Quinn ! [ Hawks screeching ] I 'm sorry , Quinn . But when Gareth compels me to do his bidding , I 'm powerless . You remind me of Phillip . He , too , was gentle yet strong . Were you his brother ? I suppose I 'll never know . Phillip was a fool . He fell in love with you just like all the others , and that was his mistake . But Phillip was the only one I loved . I think Gareth keeps him here like this to torment me . ( Gareth ) How perceptive of you . You may be a wizard , Quinn Mallory , living outside the boundaries of space and time , but you still have the same flaw as the rest of your clan . Unable to resist the beauty of my beguiling apprentice . Skuldar . Black flames that burn within join elements of eternity from above and below , release my spirit so that I may dwell for all eternity within him . [ Clanking ] At last I have achieved that which has so long eluded me : Immortality . Mr. Mallory . [ Birds chirping ] Here , let me get that for you , sweetheart . I know how to open a door , Rembrandt . And no one does it more gracefully . But why take a chance on hurting those beautiful little nails of yours ? They 're so adorable . Will you stop ? [ Sighing ] How can they be allowed to sell a book of spells if they can 't break ' em ? You know , I love the way your hair shines in the sun . I love the smell of your perfume . And I love ... I know , I know , everything about me . You know what would be a really good idea , is if we give each other some space . ( florist ) What 's this ? " My love for you is like a flower " I am the bud , you are the bee take all of my power " Will you give those back ? I 'm ... I 'm really sorry . My friend , he 's a little crazy today . How many of you good people think you know what love is ? Huh ? Well , I always thought I knew what love was . Until I met a woman named Wade . I have known what it is like to be lonely . I have known what it is like to be blue . I have known what it is like to have no one . But now I have found you . ( man ) Oh , how neat ! Would you like to know what it 's like to be in jail ? Get down . [ Crowd laughing ] Rembrandt , listen to me . You are not in love with me , okay ? The spell that I cast , it backfired . We 're just friends . Understand ? Did you know that your tongue sticks out between your front teeth when you say your S 's ? That is so cute . I 've got to get you some serious help . Love , love , love [ creaking ] If you 're looking for your master , he isn 't here . To begin with , he 's not my master . I am his professor . You 're a wizard , too ? A wizard ? Good heavens , no ! I 'm a scientist . I deal with facts and reality , not with fantasy . Uh , well , then how could you have taught the wizard Mallory ? The wizard Mallory ? Quinn is no more a wizard than that door knocker . Uh , I may be young , but I 'm not a fool . The wizard Mallory came from out of the sky . I know this is hard to understand , but we are travelers from a parallel earth . Now the way we arrived here is determined by the concrete laws of physics , nothing else . Mallory is as human as you or I. And now I believe he finds himself in some peril , and I think you know about it . I 'm sorry , but I left him in the park . Melinda , Quinn was concerned for your safety . When he realized that you were running away from your master , he was agonized by the fact that we 'd handed you over to the police . He was prepared to risk his life for you . Now if you know of his whereabouts , now would be a good time to speak . I think you 'd better come inside . Thank you . ( Alesha ) Can you hear me , Rembrandt ? Yes . Good . Very good . Now , just relax . I didn 't think it 'd be possible to hypnotize somebody who was already under a spell . In my profession , we don 't believe in spells and incantations . They 're just myths , believed by the uneducated and easily seduced . No offense . Look , I screwed up a love spell and my friend is suddenly nuts about me . That 's a fact , Dr. Avo , not a myth . What it is , is an excuse . It 's clear to me that your friend is simply using this spell as a safe way to express deep , latent feelings he has that he 's been afraid to consciously speak before . [ Chuckling ] No way . [ Chuckling ] His psyche has latched onto this opportunity to give him an avenue , uh , the freedom , if you will , to state his emotions without fear of rejection . So the things he 's been saying are true ? He-he 's really in love with me ? Rembrandt , are you in love with Wade ? I love her the way that most people wouldn 't understand . Tell me how you love her . Like the earth loves the sun . She brings me light when I 'm feeling lost , warmth when I 'm cold , laughter when the rain has fallen for far too long . ( Alesha ) Do you wish to make love to her ? It 's not like that . I 'm in love with her soul . If God so blessed me , that is what I would want to touch . [ Whispering ] Rembrandt . I 'm going to wake you now . And the spell will be broken and you will not remember anything that has been said here . Is that clear ? Yes . Awaken now . Hi . Hey , hey , what 's up ? [ Both chuckling ] Um , uh , you remember that spell I cast ? Yeah . [ Clearing throat ] Well , it kind of backfired . So , uh , you and I don 't have a connection ? Oh , we have a connection . You owe me $ 125 . [ Chuckling ] That includes the house call . [ Chuckling ] ( Melinda ) Only this sword can defeat my master . It was forged under the guidance of Merlin . But only a Mallory can wield it . And Phillip tried to stop Gareth from harming you . All this in some ludicrous pursuit of immortality . ( Melinda ) Ludicrous ? It 's what made Merlin immortal . He was conceived by a mortal mother from a demon father . Merlin ? As in the legend of King Arthur ? ( Melinda ) It 's not legend . It 's New British history . Once my immortal child was of age , Gareth planned to take possession of its body . He 's obsessed with immortality . You seem to have doubts . Doubts ? I can 't even believe we 're having this conversation . [ Sighing ] And now you 're suggesting that ... that Gareth plans to occupy Quinn 's body in order to gain this immortality . Not plans to , has . But if , as you say , Quinn is truly mortal , we can exorcise Gareth from Quinn 's body . It 's dangerous , but we have no other alternative . All right . So how do we go about it ? ( Melinda ) Gareth chose me because I demonstrated supernatural talents as a child . It was a very high honor . So at 16 I took an oath to him to learn the ways of the order . Now you are his indentured servant and live in fear of your life . It 's more complicated than that . He 's given me many of my powers . Oh , what power could possibly be worth your freedom ? When I was young , I was caught in a house fire . I escaped , but my face was badly scarred . Gareth taught me to create the illusion of beauty . Are you saying that the face that I am looking at is not real ? It takes much of my inner power to maintain this aura . How could you trade something so superficial as a pretty face for your immortal soul ? Do you know what it 's like to look into the mirror and cringe ? To be afraid to be seen in public ? To always hide your face when a man looks at you ? It 's a far worse prison to live in . Melinda , that which is beautiful is not always good , but that which is good is always beautiful . [ Crickets chirping ] [ Wolf howling ] [ Drum beating ] ( Melinda ) We 're getting closer now . Lift your hood . [ Drum continues beating ] ( Skuldar ) Gentlemen , before you lies the body of the mortal Gareth , the man you chose to banish from the order for using his powers to destroy those who would destroy him . But it is only my body you see . Gareth Carr now stands before the council of Emrys as an immortal , sealed by my possession of the wizard Mallory . Are you certain you can do this ? My friend is essentially dead . If this is the only way to resurrect him , I can do it . Remember , be sure that your aim is true , or the spirit will not leave the body . Stay here till I call . ( Gareth ) Now my powers are greater than any of you alone or together . So I intend on reclaiming my rightful position to rule Emrys and all New Briton . This man is a liar ! He is mortal . Forgive me , Quinn . [ Grunting ] [ Moaning ] [ Thudding ] He bleeds like any mortal ! Skuldar ! Master , you must abdicate the body before the heart stops . Professor , help me . Melinda ! Of course . It could have only been you . Gareth , leave this grove at once . No vengeful act will happen here . Your destiny lies in the claws of the dragon . In the name of Godvyd , fill this being with the light . [ Chanting in foreign language ] In the name of Godvyd and Naw , I invoke you : Fill this being with the light . Something 's wrong . What ? You assured me this would work ! I don 't understand . I did it countless times as a child . It 's why Gareth claimed me . Gentlemen , if you have the power to heal , use it now ! Heal this boy ! Only Melinda possesses the power for spontaneous healing . Melinda , you told me that a great deal of your inner power was spent on maintaining the illusion of beauty . Now release that spell . It may strengthen your powers to heal . If I release that spell , Gareth will see to it that I can never cast it again . Listen to me ! You have spent your life in the service of vanity , in the service of Satan . Only true inner beauty will heal , true good , not exterior beauty . Now , if you have any inner beauty left , heal him ! [ Hawk screeching ] In the name of Godvyd , fill this being with the light and heal his wound . [ Chanting in foreign language ] Professor . ( Professor ) How are you feeling , my boy ? For someone who just got stabbed , not bad . Thank you . Hey . Hey . Where have you been ? Well , since you wouldn 't tell me what happened today , I went to see Alesha . Excuse me , Dr. Avo . The woman is definitely not the girl that I knew on our world . And ? And she told me what you wouldn 't . I feel really weird about this . Hey , don 't , okay ? You weren 't yourself . Alesha thinks I was . And now that I know what was said , so do I. Look ... Spells , hypnosis , whatever . Truth is that I do feel something special for you . Now , maybe it 's because we 're the only two normal people on this journey . Q-Ball , the Professor , they 're eggheads , having a grand time traveling around the universe . [ Ice clinking ] Now I 'm not saying that it isn 't an adventure . But ... But , mostly , [ clicking tongue ] I just wanna be back home , enjoying life and the people that I love . Yeah . [ Clicking tongue ] And , being here with you , at least I get half of my dream . Thank heavens I 've found you . Come on , we 're leaving . Wait a minute , what 's the rush ? You wouldn 't believe me if I told you . Come on . [ Water running ] ( Quinn ) Do you regret what you 've done ? I know how much you sacrificed for me . I wish there was some way ... But there isn 't . Quinn ? Melinda 's life is in danger . She 's gonna be sliding with us . [ Dragon growling ] [ Melinda screaming ] My God . What the devil ? There 's only one place it could be taking her . No . That 's what Gareth wants . Impregnating Melinda is the only way he can become immortal now . I can 't let him do that to her . Wait ! Where are you going ? I 'm going to get a falcon , Mr. Mallory . We 're gonna need all the help we can get . So , now you 've lost your pretty face , and all for nothing . Not for nothing . I saved a good man 's life . ( Quinn ) Melinda . Your good man seems to have a death wish . [ Hawk screeching ] Mr. Brown , the falcon ! ( Quinn ) Get off ! Get out of here ! [ Quinn yelling ] Get off ! Get off me ! [ Falcon screeching ] How do you like that ? In aerial combat , the falcon will always overcome the hawk . ( Wade ) Quinn , we slide in a few minutes . Where 's Gareth ? [ Dragon snarling ] ( Rembrandt ) Am I dreaming ? ( Quinn ) I wish I could say you are . [ Snarling ] That thing 's gonna barbecue us . We must get the sword ! No ! Only a Mallory can wield it . [ Roaring ] I wish you had told me that before I went out there . Professor , we 've gotta distract it somehow . What do you suggest I do ? Throw rocks at it ? Yeah , anything ! The only way to slay it is to pierce its heart ! Sure , no problem . ( Melinda ) Believe in yourself ! The sword will fly true for a Mallory . [ Grunting ] [ Dragon screeching ] [ Gareth groaning ] This may be your moment , Mallory , but victory is fleeting . [ Groaning ] For once , Miss Wells , I have no explanation . Phillip ! Melinda . Please , I don 't want you to see . Are you going to deny me the chance to look upon your radiant beauty ? Phillip , please don 't lie to spare my feelings . It 's not lies my lips profess , but love . To love and win is the best thing . To love and lose is the next best . ( Rembrandt ) It 's time . [ Electronic beeping ] Shall we ? [ Whooshing ] Come along , Mr. Mallory ! [ Crunching ]
