 " With each passing slide , our Earth seems farther and farther away . Quinn says I 'm being irrational . He tells us sliding is a random process , not a straight-line journey . Still , the realization we may never see home again is never far from our minds . " Some world . Even movie critics are afraid to be critical . Listen to this . " Some say Pauly Shore isn 't the greatest actor in the world , but there may also be some who say he is . This reviewer takes no position on the subject . The opinions expressed above in no way represent this newspaper or its parent corporation . " Fear of litigation . That 's what happens when 84 % of the population attends law school . 85 % too many , if you ask me . Where are the burgers ? Ordering food is more complicated in this world than buying a house . We 'll just have to eat in the next world . Thank goodness we slide in a couple of minutes . Forget that ! Look , the next place might be run by a bunch of freaked-out vegetarians . I want a fat , juicy burger , man , and I want it now . Be my guest . Yeah . Okay , listen up , my man . I 'll have ... a Whammy Burger ? Double Whammy Burger ! Two ! Two Whammy Burgers with cheese , and I 'll have the - " Super Carnivore " with fries and a cola . Okay , as I explained to your friend over there , I still need to see your Salmonella insurance and your Carbonated Beverage release forms . You need all that just to serve me a burger ? Fine , then . Look ... I 'll just take the fries . Okay , I just need to see some picture ID and a doctor 's note verifying that your cholesterol count is below 200 . Who brings that kind of stuff into a joint like this ? You do , if you expect any service . Let 's just go , all right ? I did try to warn you . Oh , I 'm sorry . You all right ? I didn 't see you . Excuse me ? Excuse me . Hi . I think you 're going to be needing my help . " Silverberg , Thompson , Katzoff , Klein , O 'Leary , Phelps Manning " ? Yeah . That woman you just impacted ? She 's filing a collision suit against you . She 's claiming a neck injury from the aftereffects of the accident . - He barely touched her . - Well , that may be so , but frankly , sir , you should never have admitted guilt . All I said was " I 'm sorry . " Exactly . And in front of multiple , first-hand witnesses - you 're lucky you didn 't get slapped with sexual harassment . Come on , guys , let 's just go . Why bother with this ? We 're about to slide . No , you can 't let this slide . The penalties quadruple . Since you feel so strongly about it , take the case . Bill me on another Earth . What if you could travel to parallel worlds ? The same year , the same Earth , only different dimensions ? A world where the Russians rule America ? Or where your dreams of being a superstar came true ? Or where San Francisco was a maximum security prison ? My friends and I found the gateway . Now the problem is finding a way back home . SLIDERS 2x10 " GREATFELLAS " Subtitles subXpacio You honor me with your presence at the wedding of my beloved daughter . Who ever thought a day like this would come ? The Greenfelds and DaBellos - the Italians and Jews , mortal enemies all these years - coming together in the name of love , and a little business . And now , Mel Tormé has come to sing for us ! What more can a man ask for ? Actually , my throat 's ... a little thrashed . I open tonight . You 're not going to sing at my little girl 's wedding ? Of-of course I 'm going to sing . Of course . Of course . I just wanted you to know ... that it could be a little rough . " Melvele , " I like it rough . After the ceremony , you 'll sing . For now , there 's a piano . You can start by playing the wedding march . The rumor has it the groom 's family called up Sinatra . Who cares ? We got Mel . All right , it 's almost show time , Pop . Let 's go . Smile , will you ? You look like you 're going to a funeral . As far as I 'm concerned , I am . So ? Who goes first ? What the hell - ? Son of a bitch ! Brown ... ? It 's " The Incorruptibles . " Somebody tipped them off . Sorry about the interruption ... but it couldn 't be helped , I 'm afraid . Must be fans . Son of a bitch ! He 's throwing the gauntlet down right in front of us ! Easy , Tommy . Put the gun away . So ... you 're the proud father , right ? Yeah , and a beautiful daughter you have . Rembrandt ? Let 's go . Yeah . Uh ... sorry , ladies and gentlemen . We are leaving now , so enjoy the rest of the evening , and , tell all your family and friends that you saw " The Crying Man " in the flesh . Wow - Mel Tormé ! Man , am I glad to see you ! Hey , look , it 's been a long time since we 've worked together , Mel . What are you saying ? I 've never worked with you before . Oh , yeah , yeah ... not on this world , huh ? - Yeah - oh , man ... - Come on , let 's go . Mel Tormé ... ! Bit of a wobble on the wormhole this time , Mr. Mallory . - Yeah . - That was weird . The minute they saw you , it was like everybody stopped breathing . That happens all the time in stadiums and nightclubs all across our country . I don 't know what they had to be scared about . Half the people in there looked like they were packing . I thought we were goners for a second . They weren 't scared , they were just mesmerized . Some people just tense up in the presence of a superstar . Whoever your double is on this world , he 's not going to be real pleased when he finds out you , " Mr. Superstar , " are cutting in on his action . The city 's lit up like a firecracker . Presumably in this world , the disgusting Bugsy Siegel built his gaming empire in Northern California instead of Nevada . Guys , look . Reagan 's running for re-election as Governor ? Why would he want to go back to Governor after being President ? Let 's go to the hotel and get this guy off the streets . There you go . Thank you . Thank you . - I feel like your bodyguard . - Great , huh ? Mr. Brown . My God , what an honor . You folks must be " The Incorruptibles . " Sir , we are here for only a short time . I wonder if we could have a little bit of anonymity and discretion ? Absolutely , absolutely . Suite 42 , upstairs and to the left . Don 't you need us to check in or anything ? And let everyone know you 're here ? No , this will be safer for you . " Incorruptibles " ? He obviously thinks that you 're my backup singers . It 's not as good as " The Spinning Topps , " but it 's not too bad for my second bananas . All right . Yeah , it 's Calhoun . Deputy Director Rembrandt Brown just showed up . I know - no one informed me , either . He did what ? How did these people get past security ? Tommy , you got an explanation for that ? No go , Pop . Between the two families , we had men positioned at every possible entrance . On top of which , our sources in Washington told me that Rembrandt Brown was scheduled for a meeting with the Canadian Mounties over the weekend . Obviously , there 's a weak link somewhere . And what 's that supposed to insinuate ? Tommy , take it easy . We put years of animosity aside to secure this merger . San Francisco 's your turf , Greenfeld . You bear the ultimate responsibility . You know something we don 't ? Come on . Everybody knows Mel Tormé 's relationship with the Greenfeld family . Curious , no ? The only outsider at this wedding , and he turns out to be an intimate of Rembrandt Brown . Mr. DaBello ... I assure you the merging of our two families and all that it entails will go forward . Don 't worry about " The Incorruptibles . " We 'll take care of them . And if there 's an informant in our midst ... we 'll take care of them , too . Look at this stuff - " Goodfellas , " " Casino , " " Return of Goodfellas . " That 's just on the " Disney Channel . " Curious . No alcohol at all . Just cola , water and peanuts . - I 'll have a cola , Professor . - Me too , please . God , you 'd think in a world of high-stakes gambling they 'd want to get you as drunk as possible . - Mr. Mallory ? - No , thanks , Professor . I 'm going to try and find a newsstand . Maybe a newspaper will explain a little more about this place . I don 't know about you guys , but I 'm getting a real weird vibe here . Hey , agent - somebody needs to talk to you ... over there . Jeez - ! What are you people trying to do ? You trying to get me killed ? Give me one reason why I shouldn 't pull out of this operation right now . I 'm not sure what you mean . Oh , come on ! The two biggest crime families in the western United States trying to put together ... the greatest gambling paradise since Monaco ? And then the FBI just waltzes in and IDs me ? FBI ... ? Rembrandt Brown might as well have put a stamp on my forehead - " US Government Informant . " Glad handing me in front of every street hood , every murderer within a hundred miles . I can see why you 're upset , but - I think this is a case of mistaken identities . " Mistaken identities , " nothing . It 's ego . Now , you tell Rembrandt Brown to wait for my signal before he starts showboating for the evening news . Otherwise , the only thing the press is going to be covering is - our obituaries . Okay , thank you . I 'll pass that on . All right . I got to do a double set at " The Doubloon " tonight . Now , don 't forget , tell Rembrandt Brown to wait for my signal ! Wasn 't that the guy from the wedding ? What was he doing here ? He handed us this . It 's $ 100,000 , Quinn . Yeah , something about appearing at the wedding , talking of " appreciation from the two families involved . " - And you accepted it ? - Yeah . I mean , we tried to resist , given the mistaken identities and all . Don 't you people get it ? They think we 're the FBI , Rembrandt . You just accepted a $ 100,000 bribe . All right , look , it 's simple . We just find a way to give the money back . And slap the most powerful crime lord in San Francisco in the face , and call it a day ? Well , we can 't just keep it , can we ? Look , considering the circumstances , the best thing to do is lie low , and we 'll slide out of here in 27 hours . With $ 100,000 of the mob 's money ? I don 't care how long the reach of the mob is , they can 't follow us to the next world . Listen , guys , we 're missing something here . Now , according to Mel Tormé , I 'm some sort of crusading FBI director on this world . He 's right . If we keep the money , we make it look like " The Incorruptibles " are corruptible . We can 't do that to them . Look , I 'm going to spell this out one last time . You 've already taken the money . You are corrupted . We do not know anything about your double . We know very little about this world . But we do know there are men with very big guns out there . Now , I don 't care what the hell you do with the money - give it to the poor , burn it , for all I care - but let 's keep quiet and keep out of this ! Mel Tormé is some kind of government informant . He 's opening at " The Doubloon " tonight . Maybe he can put us in contact with the real " Incorruptibles . " Want some company ? You 're a poster boy , Rembrandt . The less attention we draw , the better . You three stay here . Wait for my call . Black , 22 . Hard eight ! Hard eight ! Excuse me . Yeah ? Any idea what time Mr. Tormé 's show is over ? Yeah , around 11 : 30 or thereabouts . Can I get you something ? How about a beer ? Beer ? This look like a speakeasy to you ? Let go of me ! Hey , what did I tell you about hustling in here ? And you , take it outside . Not until this bitch pays me the money she stole . Get your grubby hands off me , you loser ! Hey ! - Are you all right ? - Hey , who 's he , your pimp ? Take a walk , okay , pal ? Hey , this doesn 't concern you , " hero . " It 's between me and her . I said , leave her alone . Isn 't this cute ? That does it ! Come on . Come on , let 's get out of here . Talk about your knight in shining armor . You okay ? I think so . Look , I swear to God , I never saw that guy before . He just walked up to me and started hassling me . Hey , what 's your angle , anyway ? No angle . You looked like you needed some help . You going to be all right ? Yeah . Thanks . You 're a sweetheart . No - ! I 'm Joseph Biacchi . As District Attorney of San Francisco , I stood up to organized crime . As Governor , I 'll raise taxes and put cops back on the street where they belong . Together , we can take California back from the special interests . Joe Biacchi for Governor , because Ronald Reagan is just too soft on crime . Are you watching this ? Whoever heard of a politician promising to raise taxes ? The key to this world seems to be that Prohibition was never repealed . Al Capone , Meyer Lansky - they grew rich satisfying the need of Americans for bootleg whiskey . They built these vast crime empires and divided the nation down to small , competing territories . So what was going on with that wedding we crashed ? My guess is it 's the theory that blood is thicker than water . When you have two organizations at each other 's throats , competing fiercely , the only way to merge them is through marriage . Yeah . " I 'm praying to Jesus , I 'm down on my knees " " I 'm hoping he eases the pain that he sees " " Me and my buddy Jack Daniels are bonding " " I 'm numbing the hurt , but my brain ain 't responding " " The beer truck kept rolling around past my house " " Funny how that truck made me think about my spouse " " She took everything , including my dog " " Now I 'm brokenhearted and sad as a hog " " Shoodle-dodle dodle-dodle-dee " " Shoodle-doodle doodle-doodle-dee " " Shoo-da diddle-diddle-diddle ... " " Diddle-da-ba da-ba da-ba-da . " I got robbed . Oh , kid , this gets better and better . I was pickpocketed outside the hotel . I realize how this must sound , sir , but it 's too crazy for me to make up . All right , all right , I 'll make a call to Washington . And if your story checks out , I 'll do the best I can . Thank you . Thank you , sir . I - I really appreciate that . Well , you 've got an honest face , and you sure tell a good story . Come on , walk me back to my car . Now , you and your buddies watch your backs . San Francisco 's about to explode . Thanks for the warning . Oh , God , I can 't wait for this gig to be over . I 'm going back home to my ranch outside of Nashville , milk the cows , feed the chickens , and just pray this thing blows over . Mr. Tormé ... I could never thank you enough . Now look , lad , remember , keep your nose clean , and don 't make a move till you hear from me . Thanks again . Bye-bye . What a guy . Mel ! No ! Welcome to San Francisco , sir . You know I hate trains . Budget cuts , sir . You know the drill . Here , let me take that . Just fill me in . - Um ... - Forget the sugar-coating , Agent Reid . Who broke our informant 's cover ? According to what we 've heard so far , it really doesn 't make a lot of sense . What doesn 't make a lot of sense ? By all accounts , sir , you broke Mr. Tormé 's cover . People are saying you showed up at the Greenfeld / DaBello wedding and fingered him . What the hell are you talking about ? I was in Toronto . We know that , sir . But ... a great many people claim to have seen you at the wedding . That , coupled with the fact the wedding was canceled - has a lot of people thinking . Wait , the wedding was canceled ? Yes , sir . Our best guess is someone 's been impersonating you . Maybe one of the other crime families is trying to break up the alliance . I hear the Gambinos are fit to be tied . Mel Tormé wasn 't just a brilliant entertainer , Mr. Reid . He was a patriot and he was my friend . A very dark day for all of us , sir . Yeah , well if we don 't sort out what 's happening and fast , the Greenfelds and the DaBellos are going to join forces , and a lot more people are going to die . The cops came . Wade , they can barely afford police cars here . They said they were going to investigate . Who knows what that means ? Hold the fort . I 'll be back as soon as I can . What did he say ? He 's going to keep looking for her . He says to " hold the fort . " Nothing . Nothing on the TV news , nothing on the radio . Mel Tormé gets blown to bits , nobody says a word about it . The mob obviously controls the press and TV . No news gets released unless they approve . The FBI 's got an office in town . Maybe we should go down there and explain the situation . And what exactly would we say ? " Excuse us , but our friend here looks like your Deputy Director , so the mob bribed him with $ 100,000 , which we could give to you , but for the fact that our other friend got robbed in a bar last night " ? We have to do something . Sitting around here certainly isn 't helping anything , is it ? We have no responsibilities , Miss Wells . Let 's just leave it all to the proper authorities . Now what ? Quickly . My family has lookouts stationed all over this hotel . What the devil 's going on here ? Wait a minute , weren 't you the bride from last night ? Intended bride . I 'm Leah Greenfeld , Mr. Brown . Uh-oh ! I don 't have a lot of time . My father 's rescheduled the wedding for tomorrow night . I want to be taken into protective custody . What ? Lady , I can 't do that . What do you mean , you can 't ? We talked about all this on the phone . Before Mr. Tormé died , he gave me his word . I can 't marry Eddie DaBello . I was promised immunity . Now ... I took this from my father 's office . It 's a list of payoffs to every crooked politician in the state legislature . Ms. Greenfeld , we 're not from the federal government . I 'm not from the FBI . What are you talking about ? Just take a look around here , sweetheart . Does it look like the three of us are ready to face down the mob ? I know your reputation . They 're scared of you . Besides , I figured you 'd have backup . I 'm just a singer - I mean , I do have a cousin who 's a security guard in Vero Beach , Florida , but that 's about as connected to law enforcement as I get . We were actually just discussing going to the authorities , weren 't we ? We 'll make sure this information gets to the proper channels . No . No - there isn 't time for that . They 'll kill me , too . Don 't you understand ? This is bad . All right , Mr. Brown , you stay here and look after Ms. Greenfeld . Miss Wells and I will go to the FBI . Don 't answer the phone , don 't open the door . Not for anybody . We 'll be back as soon as we can . How are you doing ? I was here last night ? Yeah , I remember . I 'm looking for the girl I met here . Any idea where I 'd start looking ? Only free advice I 've got for you is to get out of the big city , boy . Come here . Get your hands off me ! Excuse us a second . What the hell do you think you 're doing ? Save it . The money you took doesn 't belong to me . It belongs to the Greenfelds . What ? You heard me . If you know what 's good for you , you 'll get it back . If I can find you , so can they . All I have to do is give them your name . - I don 't have it . - Then who the hell does ? Ask the dealer . Look , it 's the truth , okay ? It 's his money now . You blew it ? $ 100,000 ? ! What do you want from me ? I was ahead for a while . How much do you owe them ? - I was going to pay you back , I swear . - How much is left ? A little under ... five grand . What are you going to do ? Sit tight , okay ? I need to concentrate . Deal . That was 1150 William . Are you sure you got this address right ? 1170 William Street ? - I 'm pretty sure . - It 's not even an office building . Look , there it is . " Federal Bureau of Investigation . " Good heavens . I 've heard of the downsizing of federal government , but this is ridiculous . Okay , all right , bye . Can I help you ? These are the offices of the FBI ? - That 's right . - I see . We 're in possession of certain information regarding an attempt to overthrow the government . To whom should we talk ? You talk to me . All right , talk . Sir , Leah Greenfeld is in hiding . She wants protection and she 's willing to trade information essential to the future of this country . What is this ? It 's a " Who 's Who " of every mob lackey in state government . Leah Greenfeld gave you this ? Sir , this may be pure speculation , but I believe these criminals are attempting to ally California and Nevada in order to secede from the United States . The federal government will not be able to stop it , short of civil war . I see . And what is it you would like for me to do about all of this ? For one thing , you could start taking us seriously . And then you could do something to protect this woman 's life , considering the risk she 's taking . The Witness Protection Program ran out of money years ago . I can 't do a damn thing to protect Ms. Greenfeld . So if she truly sent you here , please inform her of that with my apologies . Are you insane ? She might have better luck with District Attorney Biacchi . The state may still have some revenues . He 's on the take . This whole society is corrupt . That 's why the Greenfelds handed him $ 100,000 - they knew he 'd take it . - Miss Wells ... ! - One more accusation like that , and I will put you in jail and bury you so deep they won 't find you for years . Mr. Brown , I do apologize for my young friend . She sometimes gets carried away by her enthusiasm . You two keep talking about these things , you 're going to end up being carried away in pine boxes . You 're messing in a devil 's playground here . Split them . You 've got 18 against the dealer 's seven . - Are you crazy ? - I know what I 'm doing . Split them again . - Hit on the 19 . - Are you nuts ? ! We need to burn a card . Bust . Hit me . - That 's $ 25,000 . - Hit me . Oh , you won ! You 're a genius ! I 'm sorry , sir , I 'm going to have to ask you to leave the hotel . What for ? There 's no law against winning money . We don 't like card counters , ma 'am . We have a right to excuse any player from gambling here . Now , we can do this pleasantly , sir , or we can do this unpleasantly . No problem . We were just leaving . How did you do that ? I 've seen some killer card sharks , but none of them could ever count a five-deck boot . In a lot of ways , blackjack 's not so dissimilar from advanced number theory . Wow , you 're just so amazing . I don 't think so . Hey , come on . I mean , we 've got something really good here . You 're not going to just walk away from me , are you ? I got to go . Where do I cash these out ? Thank you . Grab those for me . So what are you telling me ? My own daughter betrayed me ? Leah was seen making a beeline for The Incorruptibles' suite at the Dominion Hotel . Doesn 't take a genius to figure out what happened to the disk . Professor ... ? You have something to give me ? Illegal payoffs , Swiss bank records . It 's all in there . I would emphasize , sir , Ms. Greenfeld is really laying her life on the line . Her fiancé has already been killed by these people in order to force her into this grotesque arranged marriage . Our lives are on the line , too . So you can see why it 's vital you give us protection . - Where are you staying ? - The Dominion Hotel . I have a safe house . I 'll have Zack , my campaign manager get a couple of men , take you there . I can 't begin to tell you what a hopeful sign this is for my campaign . There are still honest people like you in this godforsaken state . Well , thank you , sir . We could say the same for you . It 's Joe . Our guests will be staying . Rembrandt , I got it ! I won the money back - When we get to the safe house , we 'll need to get a message to our friends at The Dominion Hotel . We don 't have a lot of time till the slide . No need to remind me , Miss Wells . If we don 't make the slide , we 're going to be dead before the New Year . We did the right thing , though - didn 't we ? In the circumstances , we did the right thing . When we slide , we can slide with a clear conscience . Looks like we 're here . Get ' em out of here , get ' em upstairs . Wade , Professor . They got you , too ? The disk , you made certain it got to Joe Biacchi ? Yeah . How 's Leah Greenfeld ? She 's okay . It 's the four of us we have to worry about . How much time , Professor ? Oh , I think about 11 minutes . Guys ... ? Okay , let 's make this quick and painless . Where 's my daughter ? I 'm afraid we can 't tell you that , sir . Well , that would be your first mistake . Helping me to find my daughter is the only reason I 've got to keep you alive . Family is very important to me . You help me , you 're helping yourselves . Come on , mister , keep talking . I 've got to get in there . We don 't have much time . Quiet . There 's something you should know , Greenfeld . The District Attorney has a certain ... disk . He 's going to come after you with guns blazing . Is that so ? Joey , come on in . Who 's laughing now , Mr. Brown ? District Attorney Biacchi 's been on the Greenfeld payroll for years . Who do you think pays his campaign expenses ? That so , Joe ? What can I say , Mr. Brown ? A candidate 's got to get his backing from somewhere . That 's it ! Go , go , go ! You know , I got to say , after years of listening how Mr. Rembrandt Brown killed this old friend of mine , put that one away , today is payback time . Tommy , I want you to kill them - one at a time - until somebody talks . Eenie , meenie , miney , mo . Look , you don 't have to kill us . We 're not even from this world . And now we 're going to send you to the next world to meet your maker . All right , Greenfeld , let 's talk about the whereabouts of your daughter , hmm ? FBI ! Freeze ! Nobody move ! Don 't move ! No one move ! Don 't move ! Untie us ! We only have a few minutes ! When did you guys make a switch ? The FBI waited until Leah made her move , then they had enough to build on . This guy was the key to the whole thing . He was going to win the election and put a legitimate face on the whole conspiracy . You left it a bit late for a rescue , didn 't you ? Hey , consider the alternative . Time to slide . Come on . Okay , that 's about $ 5,000 . Please give it to that woman I told you about . She works out of " The Doubloon . " Tell her to use it to get out of town . Thanks for everything . You know , it takes a lot of courage to stand up to all this corruption . " For evil to triumph is for good people to do nothing . " But dark clouds are passing , my brother . A better day is bound to come . I hope so . Well , good luck , my man . You , too . Hey , pal , you got the time ? Yeah , it 's a quarter to 4 : 00 . Is that all ? It 's early . It 's - it 's still early . You know , they say a cat 's got nine lives . You place any faith in that old wives ' tale ? Maybe ... if you 're a cat . Wait a minute . Just remember - the cooler the cat , the harder he is to kill . Quinn , let 's go ! Keep your nose clean , Quinn . Take care of yourself . This is unbelievable . We get to keep the hundred grand , now that sucker sends Leah Greenfeld with a $ 5,000 tip . Is this a great country , or what ? A mark like that comes along once in a lifetime . I hear that . Well , you 're the one who steered him to me . I could see that kid wanted to be a hero , but falling for you twice ? That 's why she 's the best . Am I ? Yeah , I guess I am . Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries
