 What 's the matter with you ? I 'm the one that just got shocked ... Well if you noticed we 're in contact down here . Man , I got that one through my ears . Can you hold still ? Yeah , you know , I could get you something to stand on . Listen , I 'm almost finished . So what is it ? Some kind of Peacekeeper comms enhancer , incomplete installation , though Moya must have been called into service as a prisoner transport before it was finished . Sweeping Moya 's systems is droid work . It is vital work ... Any Peacekeeper technology that remains on Moya may still pose a threat to us . It must be identified and removed . How many more Peacekeeper devices do you expect to find , anyway ? There 's no way of knowing ... That 's why we must continue these sweeps , and the DRDs all have their regular maintenance duties to perform . Despite this , I have assigned two to assist you . Two ! Out of hundreds ! How generous of you ! How much longer do you expect this to take ? That is not a legitimate question ... Considering , as I have just stated ... I have no data on how many Peacekeeper devices may still be concealed . It will take as long as it takes . Look , out here in the Uncharted Territories , aren 't we a little out of range for the Peacekeeper radar ? It 's possible that Crais might get close enough to us to reactivate devices like these . As you may have noticed , he seems rather determined to follow us , no matter where we go . Pilot , I 've found some Peacekeeper control panel . - Can you confirm ? - Yes , these are Peacekeeper markings . Tell me what I should do with them . Be very careful ... which one ... pull ... One is a direct link to the propulsion unit . Pilot , I can 't understand you ! What should I do ? Pilot ! Pilot ! - Pilot , what tier is he on ? - I have no indication ... DRDs are searching , but so far , no sign of him . D 'Argo , can you answer us ? Pilot , where was he last time you talked to him ? Tier twenty one . Peacekeeper ! I have a Peacekeeper device down here ... What ... I do ? Peacekeeper ... device ... down here ... D 'Argo , some kind of Peacekeeper what ? D 'Argo , where are you ? What the hell was that ? I 've got D 'Argo back and I 've got him on scan . I 'm reading some kind of explosion . Pilot , what tier is D 'Argo on ? He 's not on any tier . What do you mean ? My name is John Crichton , an astronaut . A radiation wave hit and I got shot through a wormhole . Now I 'm lost in some distant part of the universe on a ship , a living ship , full of strange alien life forms . Help me ! Listen , please ! Is there anybody out there who can hear me ? I 'm being hunted by an insane military commander . who can do everything . I can 't . I 'm just looking for a way home . Got him ! Pilote , bringing him in now . He 's frozen stiff and he isn 't breathing . He was in space for half an hour and there 's no way that he 's still ... We must get his respiration started again . John , what are you doing ? Stop it ! - Hasn 't he suffered enough ? - It won 't help ! Turn him ! Turn him , quick ! His pulse is faint . - Deep space interna-thermia . - Maybe he was out there too long . How long can Luxans survive in vacuum ? - About a quarter of an arn . - Maybe . Unless they 're revived soon after . Pilot , is there something going on with Moya ? Come on , big guy . Come on ! Give me one of those nasty smelly breaths . Give him a chance , John . Pilot ... where am I ? Lo 'Laan ? Lo 'Laan ? How do you feel , D 'Argo ? I 'll be alright . Didn 't think I could be that clumsy , did you ? Lo 'Laan . Lo 'Laan . D 'Argo , what happened ? What happened with the explosion ? You mentioned Peacekeeper . Did you find a Peacekeeper device ? I ... I don 't remember . He 's unconscious again ... but he will survive . Pilot , what is going on with Moya ? - Something is wrong ? - Yes ... something is wrong ! What about that dip Moya took after the explosion ? Have you identified that yet ? Working on it . Are you feeling okay ? I 'm ... working on it . Getting some odd readings from some of Moya 's systems . What are these ? Looks like debris . It 's from the explosion . Pilot , where was D 'Argo 's last known location ? Right before the explosion ? Tier twenty one , aft section . - You okay here ? - Yeah . - Lead me that way ! - I 'm coming with you ! Pilot , how 're we doing ? Are we close ? Pilot ? I believe so ... No further data ... I 've been trying to send some DRDs to assist you . but they are not responding . Aren 't responding ? I 'm working to sort it all out . I ... will ... will get back to you . Whatever 's affecting Moya 's bugging Pilot too . The explosion ? Well , they have a symbiotic fusion , right ? Pilot 's tendrils run all through the ship . Maybe D 'Argo set off something that struck them both . Man , I 'm never going to get used to walking around inside a living ship . You have nothing similar in your culture ? Well , Jonah and the whale , but , no , no contemporary parallels . Except maybe the horse and rider . Rider ? ... Is the horse a beast of burden ? Yeah . Not as large or sophisticated as Moya here , but kind of similar . Loyal and intelligent . That you capture and make work for you ? - Yeah , but we love ' em too . - You love what you enslave ? We don 't ... enslave ! Alright ? Alright , we might , alright we enslave them . What is that smell ? Smell ? Yeah , the air , it 's stale . Pilot , we 've got a couple of your little DRD buddies with us down here ... I ... don 't read any DRDs in that section . Well , they 're down here . Look out ! Pilot , the scanner seems to be working less efficiently than usual . Pilot ? John , what 's ... Aeryn and I were just ambushed by a couple of DRDs . - Crichton ! - Yeah , Aeryn , I 'm working on it . Any suggestions ? Oh , no , don 't ... don 't touch it ... it 's like super glue . Hang on a minute ... What 's this ? There 's something else here . Looks like that stuff that was on D 'Argo . I took all that I could from his hair and clothes . The scan shows he may have aspirated and ingested some as well . Hang on , Zhaan ... Could that be part of what 's wrong with D 'Argo ? It shouldn 't be , the particles are biomechanoid , just like Moya . but I think you 're right . The fragments from Moya 's biopolymer structure from the explosion . Crichton , have you gotten a solvent yet ? Yeah , but look at them , they 're identical . Since when is debris from an explosion that uniform ? Crichton ! Zhaan said this solvent should do the trick , but it 's very strong , so I 've got to get it only on the DRD gunk , not on your hand ... Right . and then we have to rinse it immediately afterwards . Right , right . Right , let 's just hurry up , shall we ? Excuse me for being careful , but this stuff could eat through your skin down to the bone ... Okay , so let 's avoid that . My thought exactly , so pipe down and hold still . You know I 'm going to track down that stinking little droid and rip off both its antennae . Happy place , Aeryn ! Go to your happy place ! There 's obviously something wrong with the DRDs . We 've just got to figure out what it is before they do some serious damage to the ship . If they haven 't already . Okay ... Try it again . Good , good , good , it 's working . Oh wonderful , at this rate I 'll have two whole fingers free by tomorrow . It 's good , you 're being funny again . You know , you 're lucky it only got your hand and your shoe ... If you 'd gotten this stuff on another body part it 'd be you and Pilot permanent fixtures on ship . Oh , let me guess , is that you being funny ? This is ridiculous . Well , it 's going to work ... Eventually . Trust me . Hey , easy ! You 're going to rip your hand off . See ? Told you it 'd work . A biomechanoid virus ? Yeah , left behind by the Peacekeepers . As what ? Another passive weapon like the Paddoc beacon ? Exactly ! D 'argo must have found something , did something , to release it . No sting ? The solvent 's off , I think . Good . Feels fine . Listen ... if it is a virus which has affected Moya 's systems , then maybe it 's got hold of Pilot . D 'Argo 's still freaking all over the ship but it may not be because of the time he spent outside , it might be because of the virus . But you 're saying that this virus is biomechanoid . That means it shouldn 't be able to affect Pilot or D 'Argo . Well , something is ... and if it is a virus in Moya 's system , it may be the atmosphere generators , which means , we could be breathing it in right now . The air is stale in here and the room is cold . Not exactly what you need , recovering from interna-thermia but I 'll see if I can 't do something about it for you . Lo 'Laan , you must stop worrying about me . You work way too hard . You are so beautiful . I can only dream it is because I make you as happy as you make me . I am glad that I make you happy , sweet D 'Argo , but I also want to make you well . Well I 'm never more alive and healthy than when I 'm with you . When you look at me , what do you see ? I see ... my future ... No matter what the others say . I see you and me together . D 'Argo ... tell me ! Let me help you ! Who is Lo 'Laan ? I don 't know , maybe that 's why the air smells so stale . Why ? Because of the virus , it 's all over the ship . That 's a hasty conclusion , let 's wait and see what Zhaan 's analysis shows . Look , Moya 's a living being , right ? And there are viruses galore out here in the galaxy . I mean , what are our chances that we 're going to catch the Carubian plague or something ? Well , it all depends on each creature 's immune systems , whether they 're capable of fighting off invaders , or creating an inhospitable breeding ground . Right , but okay , Sebaceans for example , do you have inoculations ? I mean , how do you guys deal with all the stuff floating around out here ? Well , we 're born and bred on ships ... We are in a totally controlled environment until we 're sent off on our first Peacekeeper assignment . So you guys just zip around the galaxy hoping you don 't pick up some " STD " - Space Transmitted Disease ? No , we 're issued a standard number of inoculations , as you call them , against all known destructive bacterial and viral matter . Do we have any of that on board ? If some new , malicious organism is discovered , our scientists engineer an anti-substrate growth blocker to stop it from affecting our system . So basically , you ... you have no disease . Basically , yes . What about Moya ? If anything attacks one of her systems , she starts fighting back . Aeryn , you were born to this . I mean , this science , you 've had it your whole life . You have no idea how advanced this all is to me . - I think I do . - No , I don 't think so . Disease and death are rampant on my world . Bacteria and viruses destroy crops , animals , people , at ... at incalculable rates . Well , each ecosystem has its own logic , so maybe yours is a simpler way of keeping populations under control . No . No , no , no , this is a better way . The suffering which you 've managed to avoid with your science , is immeasurable . Creatures still die out here ... and we find new ways to suffer and to make others suffer . Well , I never said earth had a monopoly on that . But you say that you want to go back to this place , Earth . A place that you tell me has so much disease and suffering . Well , you guys don 't have chocolate . - Aeryn . - What ? That 's spoiled ! The refrigeration unit mustn 't be working . That definitely isn 't working . Pilot ! Yes ? We 've got another systems malfunction to report . Not ... a malfunction ... I 'm seeing ... seeing signs of intent ... Pilot ? Intent ... intentional ... sabotage . Moya 's struggling to compensate , to take control for Pilot . - I can 't revive him ! - Aeryn , is he dead ? No , but his vitals are extremely low . We 'll do what we can for him as soon as we get the ship stable . I 'm getting a lot of peaks and valleys here . Every system Pilot monitored is out of control . Moya 's showing major chemical surges . It 's the virus ! How 'd you do that ? I think this control is ballast ... and this ... is illumination . Aeryn ! Thanks you 've done it ! I don 't know how . When Aeryn was injected with Pilot 's DNA it must have made some kind of permanent change . But that was all flushed out of her . Was it ? Aeryn , whatever you 're doing , just keep doing it . Moya 's still working to assume more control of systems ... She is trying , but environmentals are still malfunctioning . Atmospherics are at a minimum . What we 're breathing now is all that we 've got . That 's ... That 's ... beauty ... - I was just trying to ... - I know exactly what you 're doing , Jothee . - Jothee ? - Come here , boy . - Boy ? - Now ... No , D 'Argo , this ... this isn 't what it looks like , I ... I 'm not ... You 're crushing me . Now ... What did I say about going through other people 's things ? What is the matter with you ? How dare you handle me this way ? Jothee ... You are so ... big . My size is never a matter for discussion . I think I know why you 're upset . You 're old enough now to realise that ... well , we 're outsiders here . You look different to the others and they 're treating you like a stranger . Stranger is right . Well I know exactly how you feel . You know when your mother 's family first saw me ... - What about my mother ? - they despised me . - So that 's why we had to get away . - Not far enough . Well , we came to a place where no one could tell us what we thought and felt was wrong . Well I 'm telling you ! You 're wrong ! Wrong , wrong , wrong ... I love you , son . - Son ? You think I 'm your son ... - You 're my son ... No matter what happens ... I will always love you . Pilot 's tendrils run all through this ship ... He could have picked up the virus anywhere , on any tier . You okay ? - The air is getting staler . - Yeah , but are you going to be okay ? For a while , thanks . Zhaan ... Can this ship function without Pilot ? Theoretically , yes , Moya is an independent living being . Pilot and the DRDs are merely servicers , in aid of her operation . Well what about the environmentals ? The lights , the air ? Those things are not here to help keep Moya functioning , they 're here for us and Pilot controlled those . Is there any way for us to communicate with Moya ? Without Pilot ? I know of none . I 've found something ! Aeryn , what 've you got ? From what I can read of Pilot 's personal monitoring system his blood is being nutrient starved . Now it may not be the only reason he 's unconscious but it 's all I can figure out for now . The virus must be starving him , get him some nutrients . I 'm on it ! Except it 's not a virus . This test just confirmed that ... the particles are not a distinct organism like a virus . They are actually made up of Moya 's genetic material ... They are a part of Moya . They ... they must be fragments from the explosion . No , they can 't be fragments . They 're all perfectly uniform in size . But John , they are a part of Moya ... Just before the accident , d 'Argo said he saw some ... - peacekeeper something . - Yes . Whatever it is , that must be the answer . Well ... Pilot , I hope this works . - Oh no ! - Where 's D 'Argo ? Rygel 's watching him . Rygel ? Rygel ? ... You are not sleeping ? No , I 'm not sleeping ! D 'Argo tucked me in and went for a walk . He thinks I 'm someone called Jothee . - D 'Argo is not with you ? - No ! Are you not listening ? He went for a walk and he 's looking for Lo 'Laan . Lo 'Laan ? That 's what he called you earlier . How 're you doing ? I feel unsteady . Yeah ... Look , I know a little while ago you were floating in deep space in your street clothes , and I know you 're going through some stuff because of it , but we 're in deep guano here , bro , we need your help . You need me , Macton ? Macton ? D 'Argo , I 'm not Macton ... What 's that name you called Zhaan ? What is it ... Lo 'Laan ? - Who 's Lo 'Laan ? - Who 's Lo 'Laan ? You may despise your sister for marrying me , Macton , but don 't mock her by feigning to forget her name . Marry ? Wait a minute , these people are real ? You were married ? - Crichton ? - Yeah , D 'Argo , Yeah , d 'Argo , it 's me ... and you 're here ... on Moya , We 've got trouble , big trouble . We need to know what happened down there , what caused the explosion . We need to know what you saw . Explosion ? I was ... I was in some kind of shaft ... There was a shield ... a peacekeeper shield ... - It was holding something back ... - Holding back what ? Macton , you dare to deny your own sister 's name ? You dare to dishonour her even though she is dead ? Crichton , are you sure this is such a good idea ? I really can 't be certain of what I 'm reading , what I 'm doing . We don 't have a choice , Aeryn D 'Argo said he found some kind of ... Peacekeeper shield in a shaft , we have to locate . Can 't D 'Argo tell us ? No Aeryn , his memory 's all over the map . It 's short circuited . Aeryn ? We 've got to be getting close to the source . I 'm down to emergency lighting in this section . - Eyes ! - Eyes ? Yeah , like a cave scene in a Yosemite Sam cartoon . DRDs , they 're blocking the passageway , I 've got to find another route . There should be parallel passageways that vector off on that tier . - I think . - You think ? Look , do you want to come up here and try and handle all of these thousands of controls ? No , no , no , I 'm vectoring , I 'm vectoring . Aeryn ? I need a fix on my current location . Holy mother of ... Aeryn ! Aeryn , shut down the DRDs . Don 't be ridiculous , Crichton . Just do it ! Where are Rygel and D 'Argo ? D 'Argo took his ' son ' on an excursion . What are we going to do about these ? They 're vital servicers , we need them operational . Well , they 're not exactly operational as it is , Aeryn . You missed that Hitchcock picture playing back there a little while ago , but a flock of these little guys just tried to kill me . ... They 're not shooting glue , anymore . Could this be related to what we 've been calling the virus ? No , you 're right , it 's not a virus . These guys aren 't biomechanoids , they 're entirely mechanical . wires , gears , servos , no , a virus wouldn 't have any effect at all . No , they only do what someone tells them to do . But Pilot is unconscious . Pilot isn 't the only one who controls them . Moya ? You 're saying that ... that Moya ordered the DRDs to try to kill you ? The DRDs , the shutdown of environmentals ... Do you think that Moya is causing all of this ? Moya has an independent intellect , right ? Well maybe the explosion that D 'Argo was involved in shortcircuited that or maybe she consciously cut off Pilot 's resources in order to prevent him from keeping us alive . Our beloved ship may be trying to kill us . It would be so much more efficient to bring up this data on the view screen . We can 't access Moya 's intellect without letting her know what we 're doing . I can 't believe Moya doesn 't know . Well , do you know what a few bacteria are doing inside you ? You don 't know unless you get a symptom . My body carries no bacteria . Aeryn , is this all of them ? I 'm sure there 's a lot more . What exactly are you expecting to do ? I 'm trying to find a direct access to Moya 's higher functions . We may have to shut her down . But that 'd be like ... like when Moya was still wearing the Peacekeeper control collar . What if we can 't get it up again ? It may be the only way to save her ... and us ... I think the most direct access point is going to be ... in Pilot 's chamber , Aeryn ? We may have only one other chance ... Rygel , where are you ? Getting a piggyback ride . Well , see if you can get a ride back up to command . You must hold still . We 're up in the mountains and the air is very thin . So it 's mountains now ? Do you know , I sincerely believe you require physical restraints . You 're going to make things very difficult for your old man if you ... Hello , D 'Argo . Lo 'Laan . The more I know you the more I love you and the less I understand ... How could you give up everything to love someone like me ? Yes , sweet D 'Argo , I do so love you , too . I am never going to let you from my life . D 'Argo ... Yes ? - I need your help . - Anything . We are in great danger . We 're in no danger ... Not here . They 're not looking for us anymore . We 're safe , you , me and Jothee . We are not safe , our ship ... Our ship is gone ... I destroyed it soon after we landed . There 's no way they can trace us here . Where is here , sweet D 'Argo ? D 'Argo ! Macton ! What are you doing ? Here ? With her ? You keep your hands off my sister . Your sister ? You have nothing to say on this , Macton . I have everything to say on it . I reject you , and I reject your marriage . No ! You think yourself worthy of her , when you cower from her memory . Her memory burns in my very soul . You ... you are dead . D 'Argo ... you have to remember . - I don 't want to . - You must ... you must remember everything . Crichton ! D 'Argo ! Remember ! You killed her ! To keep her from me , you killed Lo 'Laan . Her own brother killed her ? I never had the chance ... You were so young . I never had the chance to tell you why your mother and I went away from the world that we knew . Jothee , please understand ... I had to send you away ... I was charged with your mother 's murder ... Before they could arrest me , I got you to another planet safely away . To a place where I prayed that Macton and others like him would never find you ... I had no other choice . But I can 't be sure that you have remained safe until I see you again . D 'Argo . When Macton arrested me , he still had her dried blood on his hands . Macton ? I thought you were arrested by a Peacekeeper . It was quite a coup for him . Macton was a Peacekeeper ? If ... if he was a Peacekeeper , then Lo 'Laan was ... Your family . I remember it all . D 'Argo , the explosion here on Moya . Do you remember where ? I 'm inside the access point to Moya 's higher functions . I 'm almost through the shutdown procedure . We understand , Aeryn . If you can isolate the source of the problem then we may not have to shut down Moya 's higher functions but be careful , John , you may be going right into where the particles are most concentrated . I can 't do it ... I can 't get through . There 's no way to shut down Moya 's higher functions . but I do have access , I can cut the connections . Cut them ? ... Permanently ? This isn 't my decision alone . If I do this , we all have to be a part of it . Cut ' em ! It 's somewhere around here . It can 't be , Aeryn and I checked this ... No , this way . The DRDs have sealed it up . Alright D 'Argo , I 'm in ... Where 's the Peacekeeper panel ? What do you see ? Infinity . Then you 're close , either way . Excellent . I 've reached a ridge . Just keep going , it 's not much further . You 'd better be right , because I think I 'm running low on oxygen . I 'm through the protective casing , I 'm going in . I think I 've found it . I 'm at the Peacekeeper shield . There 's definitely a lot of active particles . John , can you see the source ? Hang on , there 's something further down . You can 't go much further , John . John , you 're almost at the end of the cable ... I 've found another opening ... There 's something through here ... some sort of cavern . Okay , I 'm cutting now . John , Aeryn is through . She 's beginning to sever Moya 's higher functions . Oh my God ! Crichton , what do you see ? John ? ... John , can you hear me ? Crichton , what do you see ? I 'm not sure ... Zhaan , how much do you know about ... Leviathan physiology ? Not a great deal , why ? Do you know how they reproduce ? Reproduce ? Yeah , I think , I think Moya 's pregnant . That 's why the particles are biomechanoid . Yeah , they 're some kind of catalyst for pregnancy . Then Moya hasn 't been trying to kill us after all . No , she 's ... protecting her baby . The higher functions are almost severed . Aeryn ? What was that ? I said I 'm almost done , the higher functions are almost severed . - No ! - No ! - No , Aeryn ! - Stop ! - Do you hear us ? - Stop , Aeryn , stop ! - Listen , you gotta stop cutting ! - Aeryn , stop ! Dammit , Aeryn ! Listen to me ! You gotta stop cutting ! Now ! Alright , stopped ! ... Why ? We 'll explain later , just put down the saw ! Moya ... I wish there was some way to communicate with you , let you know that ... what you 're doing to nourish your baby is killing Pilot ... and us . The DRDs ... The baby needs the DRDs ... We 're killing the baby . Aeryn , you 've got to turn back on the DRDs . What ? What is going on down there ? Aeryn , turn back on the DRDs , now ! Moya ... I don 't know if you can hear me through this DRD ... Hell , I don 't even know if you can understand me without Pilot translating ... but we would never hurt you or your baby . We 're happy that you 're having a child . But do we have to die so that your baby can live ? Fresh air ! Crichton , the atmosphere 's back on . We can breathe again . Oh , man ... I bet that thing 's going to grow . Pilot , we 're all very glad to see you up and back on your feet . At least up , anyway . I 'm feeling much better , thankyou . Here 's what I don 't understand . How could Moya do this without your permission ? I 'm here to serve her . She may do whatever she feels is necessary to ensure her survival . and now , I suppose , that extends to her offspring as well . To nourish the fetus during the very tenuous period right after conception , Moya needed to reroute a few resources . A few resources ? She nearly suffocated ours , and starved you ! That is all behind us , the fetus is alive and well . Pilot , there must be other changes to come as the fetus develops . What can we be expecting ? Yeah , is there some kind of ... " What To Expect When You 're A Baby Leviathan " book ? Doctor Spock ? Mr. Spock ? I 'm afraid Pilots are not privy to any special knowledge regarding the gestation cycle of Leviathans . Speaking frankly , I don 't know what we can be expecting . Well , whatever it is , we have to remember the Peacekeepers put up a shield to keep it from happening . How 're you feeling ? I never had the chance to say thankyou . Thank me ? Outside the ship ... You came after me in the Prowler . In all the excitement I 'd forgotten all about it . You 're welcome ! Your wife 's brother , the one who ... the Peacekeeper ... Is his name Macton ? Macton Tal . I don 't know him . May I see her ? She 's quite beautiful . Does it surprise you that such a Sebacean woman would love me ? D 'Argo , it 's ingrained in Peacekeepers from birth that we must keep the bloodlines pure that such unions are evil . Do you therefore think that my son is evil ? No . Because in his eyes ... I see you . D 'Argo , no matter what happens to us , I will never tell anyone about your son .
