 Extraterrestrials like this they don 't do this absurd violence thoughtless slaughter sound of surprising speech he / she has there was probably of 30 speakers this film sweeps as you can counts so ? They He / she introduced extraterrestrials as the horrible monsters Maja equal department of this we didn 't make this still sees film ! that he / she walks in turn even me this you I don 't make this knows you Saw as this strangled eight language of soldiers ? good this was quite good and only this then , that it caused , that I screamed as small young girl Extraterrestrials have to be straszni because this is entertainment sucking upward with these brains of zoo animals this is not any entertainment / be there intimate that that them on us thought he / she doesn 't make This walks them in turn that extraterrestrials is not bad they only Want in order to them was stagnated the one that I will do with Mary she already saw this what does the one make like this ? He / she doesn 't make this knows still that you are extraterrestrial and does it can however ? only stop and it can however ! I Said stop if that doesn 't go does goes ? - AND IT CAN HOWEVER ! - THIS ! the Attention the entrance proprietors ! listen ! for the end film , when it is shown , that president is extraterrestrial and all the member 's of Congress cares don 't do credits behind because extraterrestrials opposes roast like you it won 't be to close I will kill this you this the everything interests did you Hear this part of back-scratcher ? he didn 't make this Still sees film and he / she already wants me to kill we cut ! we are able for not supporting out until that this psychosis is not going this pass this we cannot hide let us come to light up with everything we will Prepare extraterrestrials ' stopped we will be familiarized All closer and us for it will prove mathematically that we are everything people diary Rutherford ? I would like to speak with his / her film critic like this I ask him / her that he / she says that I knew w ³ asnie " the " Decline of Extraterrestrials and it was not fresh nor it puts on weight , he swims I didn 't make this scares and special effects didn 't make this subverts me in the ground without cream ? ! you don 't need bite of time out me heads us like this we don 't do did you Notice him / it what I am soft ? And I don 't make this loves his / her substance you will begin as long as it bled of oss like this , I noticed this . I Thank saying on bleeding ! did you See " the " Decline of Extraterrestrials ? this film was extra these were two hours and four minutes lies terrible , terrible ! he pleased me me also , I feared horibly them Shew as extraterrestrials of disgusting mutanty during when they are sweet and educated I didn 't make This pays $ 7 for looking the as extraterrestrial games with rabbit he for this price owes him ruin Congress sience is - fiction in Cleveland know the whole extraterrestrials with favourite serials and films and George Takei as Deus Sulu of " Estrela Treka " he / she will enroll soy-bean the newest book " clear speed ... " this will be good place they would show everything as even to himself they committed a mistake to us that that or we will explode everything simply in air leg of Ch ³ opaki for mountain leg for mountain LEG FOR MOUNTAIN ! this On the one what you walk ? switch will suck device which is played ? necessary me his / her support I came to a decision the most important we arrived in planet in that from do you Alter in bokserki slipki ? This ... he / she doesn 't make This walks on pants Harry however I altered I Solved to do for Mary to say on this that I am something that people call them ... extraterrestrial - this ! Done you-go furious ? you then this does ? We didn 't make this never again early skirt I didn 't make this Earlier it feels such need and I have these feelings now this therethrough substance finds strange luminous , that it is beautiful , high , staminate , washable there now I feel therethrough terribly because I lie the woman me that you / they make love we will Make such scene I will be doctor Albright I sit down me next desk you come and he / she talks me about this you Look at handsomely today and you look more beautifully than usually I don 't can him / it kiss because I have influenza me also Mary , I am extraterrestrial she doesn 't make this live you Killed her insensitive extraterrestrial how does it come does ? HOW does it COME does ? ! this of sense ! I will Say her ! you will Kill us everything I will only say Mary However I As official of safety prohibit me As boss has to say doing for anything well he / she left will be we will See what you will say like you will be he lies down somewhere in tray in New Mexico I Speak to him / her for the Dick people they are not finished in such message Mary is I only Have to pull satisfactory moment satisfactory atmosphere in which his / her beauty will allow him / her this to understand Congress sience is - fiction in Cleveland ideally package upward us is going to Cleveland Only look our first hotel room I Feel needs of him they would destroy look at minuscule feeder in that of bathroom evidence in the new race of intelligent minuscule people because then shampoo and nutritious in jednym minuscule refrigerator of minuscule feeders of alcohol and the smallnuts ' minuscule bursas It can and they were small there now they knew as furnih jumps did this like them enter in bed ? particularly as they were drunk and they filled with food say when ... when ... I will flow so much they would satisfy his / her need of champagne ... when ... his / her heart need as ... when . Already stop - now ? This - it will be enough Like this stocking bottle in jeden glass wild boar with you the woman there now I accept this It can and I am wild boar , but I won 't bite me nor on this there is little bed he / she is not going This is gnawing nor it is bleeding nor tearing substances what does make with you ? you saw for Mary 's Goods me I Brought him / it here under the covering romantic weekend they would tell him / her something on me this very shady you are not going This wants me she judged I Never judge him / it times frequently always I will prove this time this before me went got knowing different I was really far away from here I arrived here ever since I want to adapt himself and any one to himself he / she would be founded out I would have to return there because I don 't go that it can living a long time here clinical ? I was the whole okey me also To get up everything we are Going in Congress what does make in her such an important one ? however this ideal place zj ¹ æ position goes they would protest as different they treat such ova is us you Want to be space Martinem Lutherem Kingiem ? exactly because I have dream I am nude in big wheel we will meet below in corridor I will prove or Dick he opened himself Sally that message is for you I Ask for to clean room I will Clean like us will return we are Going in Congress I didn 't make This counts on this nobody when I was small the dziewiêcio , dziesiecio , of seventeen I was fat how does it put on weight ? sufficiently to be smiling action how does he / she make cow , so even ? this on this bed luminous , speeches further on instead of opening I closed to himself in me and me was reclusive 150kg , 200kg ? my parents worsened only this I would Want if tornado the illustration skater they forced me to trainings I Looked as sausage in for tight clothes when I went that zamboni called me and I split one day ice-born ? mentally I Split mentally parents ' sended me for such place camp , very far , Mary this such one terrible , same me unpleasantly nothing harms I Thank that I could trust what were you in clinic ? funny history ... like them they would say this I was never - what does the one make ? ! - Leave will be I am ko ... moment Have to speak of Dickiem in exclusion should not you kill bathroom ladies inside something ? this go This to sit down there only do I excuse Myself ? ! I Forgive it was Better in order for this important I was so close for to say I tumbled satisfactory moment This she Said his / her secret for me she was once fat how does he / she make cow ? So fat ? this on this bed ! Bed on this , she told him the one of her and like you he / she will say yours you with successor that will see informing district aviation will be this risk that can undertake this cans this you will Say her and she is going zeœwiruje and he / she will run out and her any longer one will never see In my version it falls me in sides you will have to undertake This risk extraterrestrial this - is it fresh Here , truth ? - The one what ? this like you people fill the imagination of life deles / delas are they false ? ! you Can represents me that that this she go would lie they met true extraterrestrial they are going zeœwirowali completely only I don 't make this knows , we are all the extraterrestrials however He / she walks me on this that we saw of with different habitats we see all for the first time inquiring new eyes every feeling is new we still appeared something we still learned you to himself on top of this strike I will buy several devices you See , somebody broke into to camp only have a glance all the okey Glances exactly they cleaned Everything , they made a bed bed , they altered soap they Disinfected to my protection bathroom to look , look , glance the maid was here the maid ? do you Have the maid here ? the house-maid the whole book of services is what offers hotel washing , alarm call , meals in room , me the Mrs. Like this , repair at rooms service in rooms service in rooms do you Know which marks this ? this me the Mrs. we are in sky and you are in sky deputymanager I Thank the woman here Sally Solomon of room 605 can I acquire with turkey sandwich ? do I Can ? can I acquire ten ? live in the fat of the earth a lot time unlock their ears I am George Takei sells I feel him / it all here to himself jkbym was again the child almost as ... Mr. Sulu that he would say my chronometer walks behind for you live in lie Everything to look in me you Accept negative stereotypes on extraterrestrials you Thought once it was able to strange are they attractive and mile for people ? protection ! what don 't they have eyes hairy or deep ? when do you kick him / it or won 't this say that it hurts him ? we should not accept science fiction to screw science fiction we will occupy himself on the contrary science - fact Harry that we go long life sci - fact you there forget about port and clean bucket in order for this can was in him sees for thank you Idê - woman 's good morning - good morning I Came behind washing thingamabob a lot in luggage and what also washes there luggage I Feel terribly you did albeit you didn 't have this to I dictate the good , like you will finish of bathroom occupy himself with inflorescences that they would want that they shone they grow green I Arrived to himself of this to clean and such dirty touches take solution highly active bathtub has splendid whips and rain changes in sauna dirty he / she was the metaphor Lieutenant luminous , that like this ... I can acquire eucaliptus lubricate and several new towels ? greet ch ³ opaki what does make thing ? service in rooms service in rooms as I want towel soon to me him they bring as I want any thing soon this that they send do they Send laptop , do send fax , video and as it comes did ? please be , that to himself that you are well but like this I will Be me if these chocolate truffles ? kill me own like you it can in me to look you deceive the woman you that you / they make love covering himself mission , look in me you are miraculous / you something Counted ? this , anything , say her , say her there now as he / she does ? have care ziemianinie and he / she prepares in demolekulacjê you in way that still didn 't know I am not Mary I am One of planet Therman shelf terrestrial trousers ! every resistance will be punished , people people ? there now I am not people I deceived him I am of extraterrestrial distant planet in distant galaxy I was here sended for our leader great Wise Head they would appear this planet Dick Solomon this only facade hiding convolute purple tube I am the high boss and my greeting really ? I Saw his / her planet this wild place and it is is subject He / she counts for Harry Solomon I will ask for massage because I feel nervous again to look that I found what does make this ? He / she looks how it lists of everything we ordered during our permanence that that lobster , lobster , lobster , lobster , lobster , and the under which numbers there ? this certainly population Cleveland or something as his / her calculation what will we make now ? leave me only to modem , card portable , intelligent , and bathing hat you of good morning Takei good morning , I would like to inform departure obviously here his / her calculation $ 3000 nothing harms I am famous przeie to lie me in that I excuse Myself there now this $ 300 00 Mr. Takei on cholera 40 bottles of champagne the cocktail shrimps Mexican slices I only took chocolate and two chocolate box nothing else 7 masa ¿ y ? As I can take 7 masa ¿ y ? I If he / she looks in having relaxed ? and this what the one makes ? good , I took jeden towel , jeden towel , I am George Takei condemn this
