 [ Crickets Chirping ] [ Gasps ] [ Exhales ] [ Wind Whistling ] [ Woman ] Here . Try this screen . Concentrate on this area over here . Right there . Mulder . What 's going on ? I 'm not sure I can explain . You called for a forensic excavation at 5 : 00 a.m. on a Sunday ? - What are you looking for ? - Just give me a minute , okay ? What are you doing out here ? I keep having this dream . It 's about a little blond girl . Are you saying you 're out here because of something you saw in a dream ? Sir . [ Gasps ] [ Woman ] Carefully remove all that . Easy . Tell me about this dream . I 've had flashes of it three nights in a row , and last night it went on long enough to lead me right to her . - I need the chest exposed . - Yes , sir . It just takes a little time . [ Bird Cawing ] Sir ? Let us do that . Sir . If you destroy evidence , we may never find out what happened here . I know what happened . She was strangled . He used an eight-gauge electrical cord . He took something from the body postmortem- - a trophy , a piece off a bric cut from her clothes in the shape of a heart . - You got all these details from your dream ? - No . I know this M.O. - Whose M.O. ? - John Lee Roche . He killed 1 3 eight - to ten-year-old girls . This makes 1 4 . It was a difficult case . He was extremely hard to catch . By 1 990 , ten victims had been found , scattered across the eastern seaboard . The earliest dated back to 1 979 . VICAP named the case " Paper Hearts " because of the trophies the killer took . All the victims were abducted from their homes . Reggie purdue brought me onto the case because he thought ... - I could get inside the killer 's head . - Did you ? I concluded that we were probably looking for a salesman , someone who traveled around a lot , who could gain people 's confidence , someone ordinary . Turns out Roche was a vacuum cleaner salesman . His job took him allover the Northeast . He 'd be in someone 's home , demonstrating his vacuum cleaner . All the while he 'd be checking out their kids . He 'd choose a victim and then come back for her months later . But it was your profile that caught him . What about the trophies he took , the cloth hearts ? We never found them , but we didn 't need them to make the case . We had him on 1 3 counts of murder . He admitted to 1 3 . The polygraph said he was telling the truth , but that always bugged me . I always wanted to find those hearts and count them , see if they really added up to 1 3 . I guess they didn 't . If nothing else , I think I can at least help explain your dream . I don 't think you ever stopped thinking about this case . I believe that you may have solved it in your sleep . So you think that I 've somehow had this information about a 1 4th victim all the time ... and I 've been processing it unconsciously ? You said it yourself once . You said that a ... a dream is an answer to a question we haven 't learned how to ask . You did good work , Mulder . Let 's identify this girl so we can put her to rest . [ Door Opens ] I believe her name is Addie Sparks . She went missing from her home in King of Prussia , Pennsylvania , in June of 1 975 . I contacted the Center for Missing and Exploited Children , - ran a search through the database . - 1 975 's too early . I think the match is right . The height is right ; the description of the sleeper is right . That would mean Roche started way before we thought he did . Mulder , we 're gonna have to verify this . Are you up for that ? [ Children Chattering , Shouting ] [ Dog Barking ] - Frank Sparks ? - Can I help you ? Yes . I 'm Agent Scully . This is Agent Mulder . We 're with the Federal Bureau of investigation . May we speak with you ? You 've found Addie . This was for the tooth fairy . When Addie was asleep at night , I 'd come and put a quarter in this pocket . Her mother 's sewn it . Where is your wife , sir ? She passed away last summer . So you , uh- - you 're saying the , uh- - the man that did this is already in prison ? Yes , sir , and he won 't get out . You do this full-time , telling people ... this kind of news ? No , sir , not full-time . - It 's not a good job . - No . I used to think ... that missing was worse than dead because- - [ Clears Throat ] you never knew what happened . But now that I know , I 'm glad my wife 's not here . [ Sniffles ] She got luckier . How many more people , uh ... like me ... - are you gonna visit today ? - Sir ? Were there other victims you didn 't know about ? Roche 's car . Roche drove a white EI Camino . - I saw it in my dream . - What are you saying that means ? The cloth hearts he collected- - he would have wanted to keep them close to him . For a traveling salesman , that means inside the car , right ? Maybe . You 're saying the hearts might still be in his car ? He doesn 't have them in prison . His cell is searched regularly . His mail is examined . His car was sold at auction in 1992 , put beyond his reach . It 's worth a look . We got to find those hearts in order to count them . [ Sighs ] Don 't you think the car might have been searched at least once already ? Not by me . Here it is . I 've been , you know , detailing it . Dropped the bedshell and did the decals , stuff like that . - Thank you . - Honest-to-God serial killer owned my car ? For real ? I 'm helping him detail . - Something 's wrong here , Scully . - Maybe it 's underneath . Mad hat . [ Trunk Opening ] Hey , Scully , the camper shell . The kid said he took the camper shell off . " Mad Hat . " Mad Hatter . Eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen , fourteen- - [ Gasps ] Addie Sparks . [ Scully ] Fifteen , sixteen . He killed two more victims . [ Door Buzzing ] [ Bali Bouncing ] [ Buzzing ] Mulder . Long time no see . You got a new partner . Agent Scully . - So what 's up ? - We found Addie Sparks , John . Congratulations , I guess . We also found your cloth hearts , - all 16ofthem . - Huh . Sixteen victims , John . How come you said there were only 1 3 ? I don 't know . Thirteen sounds more magical , you know ? Why don 't you tell us about the last two victims . You 're inhere for life . You 've got nothing to lose . - I got nothing ' to gain . - You can gain one moment of decency in your life . You can finally let those families put their daughters to rest . I understand you take this very personally , Mulder . How about this ? Sink one from there , and I 'll tell you . You 'd trust a child molester ? You bring my hearts and give them back tome , I 'll tell you everything you wanna know . - Coming out . - [ Door Opens ] [ Sniffles ] [ TV Audio , indistinct ] [ Male Newscaster ] ... president Nixon and H.R. Haldeman ... while transcribing the subpoenaed tape . Woods testified that she erased only about five minutes of the conversation , - but the tape contained- - - Fox , it 's your move . Under investigation from Senator Howard Baker , H.R. Haldeman reiterated the White House explanation that- - - Samantha . - Are you gonna move or not ? - Do we have to watch this ? - ... accidentally hitting the record button . It would be very difficult to reach the conclusion it was an accident . The Magician comes on at 9 : 00 . Mom and Dad said I could watch the movie , butt munch . They 're next door at the Gal brands ' . They left me in charge . - [ Loud Click ] - No . [ Rumbling ] Not again . [ Car Engine Revs , Loud Hum ] Samantha , run ! [ Samantha Whimpers , pants ] - [ Glass Shatters ] - [ Samantha ] Fox ! Fox ! Samantha ! [ Door Buzzing ] [ Door Closes ] Did you bring me my hearts ? Yesterday , you said something about me taking it personally . Why did you say that tome ? Where were you in 1 973 ? - What , the whole year ? - November . The27th of November . Do you know what I 'm getting at ? I was selling vacuum cleaners in 1 973 . I made a sales trip to Martha 's Vineyard that year , and ... I sold a vacuum cleaner to your dad . He bought it for your mom . I believe it was a , um ... Electro Vac Duchess , or the princess model , and your dad and I talked about it at great length . He- - He had a really hard time choosing . What do you know about my sister ? You bring me my hearts , and maybe I 'll tell you more . [ Chokes , Grunts ] This man- - This man hit me . I didn 't see it . [ Knocking ] [ Door Buzzing ] I did . [ Door Closes ] He was there , Scully . He was in the house . He took Samantha . In your dream , Mulder . It was a dream . Your mind made it up . And a dream is an answer to a question we haven 't yet figured out how to ask , something buried in your subconscious . You heard him in there . He knew something . He mentioned being on Martha 's Vineyard . Is it a state secret that you lived in Martha 's Vineyard ? - How would he find out about that ? - Through the prison library . The inmates have access to computers and the internet . - I checked . Roche logged on just yesterday . - Looking for what ? The server records don 't show , but on the ' Net he can find out practically anything about you . He is playing with you . He is committing emotional blackmail , and you are letting him . You walked into that room with your heart on your sleeve . He saw vulnerability , and he took advantage of it . You had a dream , a nightmare , and you had it because of all the emotions that this case is stirring up for you , but ... it was nothing but a dream . My last dream came true . Do you believe tha tmy sister Samantha was abducted by aliens ? Have you ever believed that ? No . So what do you think happened to her ? What are you saying you believe now ? I don 't know . I don 't know what happened . I don 't know what to believe . I just know I have to find out now . [ Sighs ] - Fox ? - Mom . I 'm in the basement . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to wake you up . I 'm sorry . How 're you feeling ? Good , Fox . I 'm fine . What are you doing down here in the middle of the night ? [ paper Rustling ] Do you recognize ... these fabrics ? Either one of them ? - What am I looking at ? - Just look closely . Do they seem familiar to you ? - Familiar how ? - Just familiar . Have you seen them before ? [ Sighs ] I don 't know what you want me to say . You know my memory isn 't as good as it used to be ever since I had the stroke . I just don 't know what- - - It 's all right . - Oh , Fox . Dad never bought you a vacuum cleaner , did he ? Yeah , a long time ago . I don 't use it anymore . - Where is it ? - Well , it 's here under the stairs in the storage . Fox , what is going on ? Sir ? I 've been denied further access to John Lee Roche . I 'm told that order comes down from you . Could you tell me why you saw it fit to strike a prisoner in federal custody ? Agent Scully didn 't report that tome , though she should have . The whole thing was videotaped as per prison policy . I saw it . - You 're lucky I don 't have your ass in a sling ! - Sir- - You 've gotten too close to this . You 've let this man get to you . I have reason to believe he can tell us what happened to my sister Samantha . It is looking possible , sir . John Lee Roche apparently spent most of 1 973 in Boston . He did take one sales trip to Martha 's Vineyard in October of that year . - The timing is right . - I need to know . I just need to speak to him one more time . - This just makes it even less of a good idea . - Sir , the fact remains ... that we still have two more victims that we need to find and identify . No one has more insight into Roche than Mulder , and this is still Mulder 's case . [ Sighs ] You tread very lightly . You see that he does . I 'm not talking to you if you 're gonna hit me again . No ! You don 't get to touch ' em . They stay in the bag . - Name ' em . - Well , I think you know one of them already . Prove it . Watergate was on TV . You and your sister ... were sitting in front of it ... playing a board game , uh , with little red and , uh , blue plastic pieces . Anyway , you wanted to watch a TV show , the one with Bill Bixby . What the heck was the name of that thing ? How could you know what I said ? I was watching ... from the window . I was very careful . If that 's true , tell me where my sister is . - Pick her out . - What ? You choose the one that was your sister , and I 'll tell you where she is . Hey , come on . It 's a 50-50 chance . Either way , I 'm giving you a victim . That one . You sure you want that one ? No , just kidding . It 's- - It 's a good choice . Mulder ? Let 's get a team out here . - Let somebody else do this . - Help me , Scully . [ Scull Sighs ] [ Exhales ] [ Sighs ] Mulder ? It 's not her , Scully . Am I right ? Samantha broke her collarbone when she was six . It was her left collarbone . We had a rope swing in the backyard . - It 's not broken , is it ? - You 're right , Mulder . It 's not a match . - [ Exhales ] - It 's not her . It 's somebody , though . Like I said , it wasa50-50 chance . Tell us the name of that girl . It was Karen Ann Philiponte . She lived in a green rancher in East Amherst , New York . Mint grew outside her window . I- - I stood outside her window ... atop sprigs of mint . - It smelled wonderful . - What year ? July 1 974 . I had her mother on the hook for a Electro Vac Argosy , but at the last minute she said thanks , but no thanks . Oh , well . It 's your sister . - If that 's true , tell me where . - You want to know a lot more than that , don 't you ? You want to know everything , right ? The big mystery revealed ? - Drop the mind games . - I can 't just tell you . I mean , I know you don 't believe me yet . You need me to show you . You need me to lead you through it , because ... after all these years , anything less than that 's not gonna satisfy you , right ? You just want to get out of here . You 're damn right I do . If only for a day or two . I 'm realistic . [ Sniffles ] I mean , more than that , l- - I can 't wait to see your face . [ Scully Whispers ] Oh , God . You 're gonna see the inside of your cell instead . You 're gonna rot there . [ Door Buzzes , Opens ] Are you okay ? The last thing we should do is give this man his way on this . If we do , he could string us along forever . I know you appreciate that . There has to be another way to come to the truth . [ Door Buzzes , Opens ] [ Touch Tone Dialing ] [ Line Ringing ] - [ Woman ] Clerk 's office . - This is Special Agent Fox Mulder with the F.B.I. , badge number J-T-T-0-4-7-1-0-1-1-1-1 . I need a removal order for a federal prisoner . - [ Woman ] Do you see any houses ? - [ Girl ] Yeah , lots of them . [ Woman Chuckles ] Yeah ? Can I use the lavatory ? Keep your hands in your lap . - [ Woman , Girl Chattering ] - Something to drink ? [ Mulder ] Excuse me . - First flight ? - Yeah . - She 's really excited . - You having fun ? - Mm-hmm . - What 's your name ? Caitlin . What the hell do you mean he checked out Roche ? Agent Mulder convinced the judge that it was an emergency situation . - And where were you ? - I had left Agent Mulder for the day . I suggested that he get some sleep . I have a clear idea of where he might have gone , and I can catch up with him . - I 'll be the one to catch up with him . Where 's he headed ? - Martha 's Vineyard . I would hope that you 'd appreciate the uniqueness of this situation ... and its effect on Agent Mulder . I fully understand the effect it has on him . That was the sum and total of my last words to you on the subject . You let me down . Let 's clean up this mess before it gets completely out of hand . [ Door Closes ] No one home ? I sat on this couch . You know , your dad bought the vacuum . You ready ? - Go . - November27 , 1973 . I watched the house for hours . I parked across the way , out overthere . I was just casing . I wasn 't planning for this to be the night . But then , all of a sudden , your parents leave , and I figure- - Where 'd they go ? House next door ... to play pinochle . I don 't know . - Whatever it was people did back then . - Go on . After they 're gone , I get out of my car , and I move closer , and I watched you and your sister ... playing that board game . A little after 8 : 00 , I 'm about ready . So I move to the junction box . I cut the power , and the lights go off . And then I moved around to the front door , and I was ready to kick the door in . It was unlocked . It was 1 973 . It was a different world back then . - And then what did you do ? - Well , you remember that . I- - I came in the front door , and you tried to get to your father 's gun . I give you credit for that . But then you sort of froze , and then ... - [ Mulder panting ] - I took your sister away from all this ... - to a happier place . - That 's exactly how it happened ? - Right here in this room ? - Yeah . Wrong house . My father bought this house after he and my mother divorced . This house is in West Tisbury . The house that Samantha was abducted from is in Chilmark . That 's six miles from here ! You screwed up . You were never here . You didn 't take Samantha . - Wishful thinking . - No . No , but I think I know what happened . - Somehow you got inside my dreams . - Come again ? I profiled you . I got inside your head . Maybe you got inside mine . Maybe some nexus or connection was formed between us . And through that , you got access to my memories of my sister Samantha , - and you used them against me for this . - You 're just resisting me . And you 're in the wrong house , you stupid son of a bitch ! You were never here , you liar ! It 's geography , man . It was 23 years ago . That was geography we 're talking about . Yeah , but you remember all the other details so vividly . That 's because you watched it through my eyes , through my dreams . [ Chuckling ] I hear things about you , Mulder . You know what I heard ? I heard you go after aliens ... from space . It 's like your world will be okay as long as you can believe in , Like , flying saucers . [ Imitating Flying Saucer Whirring ] But I 'm telling you the God 's honest truth . And I can see you 're not as open-minded as you think you are . You must have been one hell of a salesman , Roche . First flight 's at 6 : ; 00a.m. Enjoy your last few hours of freedom . Come on . [ Distant Cry ] [ Girl ] Fox ! Fox ! Help ! Unlock me ! Help ! Help me ! Fox , help me ! Help me ! - Unlock me ! Fox ! - [ Engine Revving ] Fox ! Fox , help me ! Unlock me ! - Fox ! - [ Revving Continues ] [ Engine Revs ] [ pounding On Door ] [ Scully ] Mulder ? [ Skinner ] Mulder , open the door ! - You let Roche go ? - I must 've done it in my sleep . I had another dream . [ Sighs ] Why don 't you check to see if anybody saw him leave . He took the last cloth heart . - He also took your badge and your phone . - Where 's your gun ? How do you explain yourself ? - I don 't . - You don 't . A predator is loose because of you . God only knows how many hours lead he 's got . Any idea where he might be headed ? - Yeah . - Where ? - Where 's your phone ? - [ Sighs ] - There was a small child on the plane . - What child ? [ Woman ] Seaboard Air . - Please put me through to your supervisor . - What child ? - [ Indistinct Chatter ] - This is Special Agent Fox Mulder with the F.B.I. I 'd like a passenger manifest for flight 1 650 ... from Washington National to Boston , 8 : ; 50p.m. lastnight . - My badge numberis J-T-T- - - I 'm sorry . Agent Mulder called . [ Indistinct Chatter ] - You said he was a white male ? - Yeah . - About how tall was he ? - Um , he was about 6 ' 5 " or something . [ Sobbing ] He said his name was Mulder . He had a badge . He said he was official . - Oh , my God , what have I done ? - We sent a unit over to pick up the girl 's mother . - She 's on her way down . - Okay . What am I going to tell her ? It 's all my fault . It 's not all your fault . It 's my fault . [ Chatter On police Radio ] I 'm sorry . You were right . He was playing me the whole time . You don 't think he took Samantha ? None of that really matters now , does it ? Where do you think he 'd take this girl ? Would he follow his M. O. and drive her out of state ? There 's no reason for that . He knows we 're gonna catch him . He just needs it to be later rather than sooner . He 's gonna stay in the Boston area . He 'll be somewhere nearby . How much of a creature of habit is he ? Do you think he 'd take her someplace familiar ? Try to relive some past glories ? I don 't know , maybe . What ? He lived in Boston in the early ' 70s , right ? - What 've you got ? - Roche 's old address in the area . - Revere . 9809 Alice Road , apartment number 6 . - He 's there . - How do you know ? - Alice . Alice in Wonderland . He 's the Mad Hatter . - That 's thin . - That 's where he got the idea in the first place . - All right , let 's go ! [ Whistles ] - [ Ignition Starting ] Check the other rooms ! I don 't think he brought her here . He never brought anyone here . [ Male Agent ] No one , sir ! [ Panting ] [ Skinner ] All right , spread out ! Find the entrance ! [ Man Shouting ] [ Shouting ] [ Girl Screaming ] [ Creaking ] [ Creaking ] I 'm beginning to believe we do share that ... nexus you spoke of . You always seem to find me . Are you okay , Caitlin ? Good . My name is Fox . I 'm gonna take you home . I have your gun , Fox . Caitlin , can you do me a favor ? Can you count to 20 ? Can you do that ? Will you close your eyes and count to 20 out loud quietly and slowly ? - [ With Mulder ] One , two , - [ Cocking Hammer ] three , - I will shoot . - four , - Don 't make this end badly . - five , six , seven , - You 're not giving me very much choice . - eight , - nine-- - I really don 't want to go back to prison . - Put the gun down , Roche ! - ... eleven , twelve , - You have one left . - thirteen , - How are you gonna find her without me ? - fourteen , - How sure are you it 's not Samantha ? - fifteen , - Huh ? - sixteen , seventeen , - How do you know ? - eighteen , - nineteen- - - [ Gunshot ] [ Screaming ] - [ Scully ] it 's okay . I got you . - [ Skinner ] Call an ambulance . [ Knock At Door ] I got back some lab results . The dye analysis determined that the fabric of the last heart ... was manufactured between 1 969 and 1 974 , but beyond that , there 's nothing more they can tell us . Mulder , it 's not Samantha . And whoever that little girl really is , we 'll find her . How ? I don 't know , but I do know you . Why don 't you go on home and get some sleep . Subrip by dreamer ( C )
