 Captain 's Log , Stardate 48623.5 . There are 246 elements known to Federation science . We believe we have just discovered the 247th inside the ring system of a Class-D planet . The element has an unusually large atomic mass- - over 550 nucleons . And the readings are constant . The element appears to be stable . A stable , transuranic element inside a natural environment . This is a first . Can you imagine what we could make with this stuff ? Probe casings that could go into the core of a sun . Ultrathin reactor shielding . That 's assuming we can mine it . Ensign , try and locate the highest concentration of the element . The element is present in most of the asteroids that comprise the rings . I can isolate a sample and beam it aboard . Or better yet , maybe we could get a first-hand look at this element in its natural environment . It looks like most of these asteroids support Class-M atmospheres . Good idea . Commander , you 're in charge . Aye , Captain . Mr. Kim , would you like to join us ? I wouldn 't miss it , sir . The highest concentration is about 30 meters directly ahead . I 'm picking up a large cavern in there . The readings are ... What the hell is this ? It 's organic . Some kind of biopolymer residue . I want to see what 's ahead . The readings are higher over here , but I still can 't find the source of the ... Commander ? Class-5 humanoid . It appears to be dead . Captain , there are 18 bodies here- - all humanoid- - 1 1 male , seven female . From what we can tell , they 're in various stages of decomposition . Some have been here for years . Others , no longer than a few days . In fact , one body arrived less than 12 hours ago . Arrived from where ? I don 't know , Captain , but from the position of the arms I 'd say we 're looking at some kind of burial site . What about the element we discovered ? It 's emanating from their bodies , Captain . We think it 's some kind of byproduct of their decomposition process . I recommend we leave these bodies in peace , Captain . However , Mr. Kim has a different opinion . With all due respect , Captain , I have to disagree with the Commander . This is our first contact with this race , and I think we should be learning all we can about them . It 's a unique anthropological opportunity . I understand the chance for scientific discovery , Captain , but whatever belief this race has , they clearly meant for their dead to be left alone , and I think we should respect that . I 'm afraid I agree with Commander Chakotay . Set your tricorders for passive scans . I don 't want to disturb anything . Captain , the sanctity of these bodies should be respected . I recommend we make visual observations only . No tricorders . Very well . Keep me informed . Janeway out . All right . The only sensors you have left are your eyes . Concentrate on details . We 're going to have to do a thorough report when we get back . Commander , thanks for letting me voice my opinion to the Captain . I remember the first time I went on a tomb excavation on Ktaria Vll . I wanted to keep a memento of the experience , so I picked up a rock from the burial site . Only I found out later it wasn 't just a rock . What was it ? It was a sacred stone . The Ktarians lay thousands of them in the Tomb . Each one represents a special prayer . Without realizing it , I had desecrated that man 's grave . Well ... I think I 've found out about all I can with my eyes . Really ? What have you learned about this culture so far ? They like to bury their dead on asteroids . That 's about all I can tell without a tricorder . No artifacts , no inscriptions , just some naked dead people . You 're looking , but you 're not seeing . The fact that they 're naked says a lot . It means this race doesn 't believe in dressing the deceased . And the lack of artifacts could indicate they don 't believe any worldly goods can be taken into the afterlife . What makes you think they believe in an afterlife at all ? Look at the position of the arms and hands . The bodies have been arranged in poses of serenity , and they appear to be wrapped in the same biopolymer residue we found out in the passageway- - all indications that this culture has a great deal of ritual associated with disposing of the dead . That normally indicates some belief in the afterlife . The Klingons believe in an afterlife , but there 's no burial ritual . They just dispose of the corpse by the most efficient means possible . Good point . However , some archeological digs on the Klingon Homeworld ... Tricorders . A dimensional distortion is forming . Some kind of subspace vacuole . Chakotay to Voyager . Emergency beam-out . We 're having trouble locking on to your signals . Stand by . Have everyone stand closer together . I 'm going to try a blind beam-out centered on your com signal . Acknowledged . Energize ! Bridge to Transporter Room 3 . Do you have them ? Subspace distortions from the vacuole are interfering with the transporter lock . I 'm attempting to compensate . Okay . I think I 've got them . Chakotay and Lieutenant Torres are aboard . So is one of the humanoid bodies , but there 's no sign of Ensign Kim . Scan the asteroid . No life signs , Captain . I 'm broadening the scan . Nothing . He is nowhere in the entire asteroid field . Seska , initiate Emergency Transport Procedure 21 Alpha . I 'm already on it , Captain . It 's no use . His pattern 's gone and the subspace vacuole has disappeared . I 'm looking at the transporter logs . My only guess is he was pulled into the vacuole . This isn 't one of the bodies we found in the cavern . It 's someone else . This body might have come out of the vacuole at the same time Kim was taken in . Wait a minute . I 'm showing signs of electrical activity in the brain . It looks like she died just a few minutes ago . We might be able to revive her . If we can , we might get some answers . We can 't interfere with this woman 's natural process of death . What do you suggest we do , Commander ? Kim 's gone . She 's the only one who might be able to tell us what happened . Beam us directly to Sick Bay . Aye , Commander . Death is the end of this life , but it is also the beginning of a new journey . Ptera will now thrive in the Next Emanation . This is both her sacred duty and her great privilege . Eler 'atah . As she begins her transition , we promise to carry memories of her so that when we enter the ... Help ! Get me out of here ! She 's ... alive ! Deactivate the cenotaph- - quickly ! Let me out ... ! Here it is . Thanks . A lot of memories in this . We 're so proud of you , Hatil . This is such a generous , selfless act . It 's my last gift for you and the children . And it 's one we will always cherish . But I 'm still going to miss you . I know . I 'll miss you , too . But I 'll see you in the Next Emanation , when you 're ready to join me . Give my love to your father . Tell him that the garili trees he planted have , have been in bloom for three years straight . I will . - Good-bye . - Good-bye . Lie down . It 's going to be all right . We won 't harm you . Who is that ? We 're not sure yet . We think he came from the Next Emanation . The Next Emanation ? You mean he 's come back ? Come back from where ? We 've called for the thanatologist . He 'll be here any moment . I don 't think there should be any further discussion about this until he arrives . How did you get here ? I 'm not sure . I just sort of woke up inside one of those pods . I was conducting an investigation on an asteroid . We found some dead bodies . Then there was some kind of subspace phenomenon . What do you mean you saw dead people there ? I 'm , uh , Dr. Neria , the Chief Thanatologist of this facility . Ensign Harry Kim of the Federation Starship Voyager . I see . What race are you from ? We call ourselves human . We come from a planet called Earth in a distant part of the galaxy . He said he saw dead people on an asteroid . Dead ? Look , can you tell me where I am ? Doctor , what does this mean ? Rest , Hatil . There 's no need for concern . May I speak to you privately , Ensign Harry ? Just Harry 's fine . We are the Vhnori and this is our homeworld . We were investigating one of the asteroids in the rings around your planet . There are no rings around our world . So ... the subspace vacuole must have transported me somewhere else . Do you have any star charts I could look at ? I 'd like to figure out where I am now in relation to where I was . Where you are now is in the world of the living . Where you came from was ... another dimension . Another dimension ? Yes . You returned from the Next Emanation . The afterlife . How were you able to revive her ? It 's a simple process , really . She died of a cancerous growth on the brain stem . I removed the tumor , replicated new neural tissue , and used the standard Starfleet postmortem resuscitation technique for a Class-5 life-form . Why was she covered with this bio-polymer ? She wasn 't covered with it exactly . The bio-polymer is a byproduct of her own tissues . Explain . As her tissues decayed , the cell membranes broke down into a bio-polymer resin , which was then excreted by her epidermal layer . My guess is it 's a natural decomposition process for this species . So the other bio-polymer fibers we found in the cavern were ... Were probably the result of other bodies that had decomposed and left a residual membrane . In essence , Commander , you were strolling through dead bodies . Can you wake her ? Yes , of course . Kes , 2cc 's of netinaline . Hello . I know this must be very confusing for you , but you 're all right . My name is Kathryn Janeway . I 'm Ptera . Where 's my brother ? Your brother ? I 'm afraid he 's not here . But he 's supposed to be here . They 're all supposed to be here . Ptera , we were able to remove the tumor from your brain . You 're going to be all right . We revived you because one of our ... This is the Next Emanation ? This is the afterlife ? No . No , it 's not . You 're on a starship . This can 't be right . My brother 's supposed to be here . Something 's wrong . - Let me explain . - No . No , get away from me . This isn 't right ! This can 't be right ! You 're saying there was a woman in here just before I arrived ? That 's right . Her name was Ptera . She was dying of a tumorous lesion to her midbrain . Dying ? So she wasn 't dead yet ? No , of course not . She didn 't die until the cenotaph was activated . That 's the purpose of the cenotaph- - it terminates a person 's life just before the appearance of a spectral rupture , and then it allows their body to be taken to the Next Emanation . Spectral rupture . Well ... I can show you . This looks like what we would call a subspace vacuole . Does the cenotaph create these ruptures ? No . They 're natural occurrences- - once every six hours . This entire complex was built on this site because a spectral rupture occurs here . We have thousands of such sites on our world . Forgive my curiosity , Harry , but , uh , you are the first person ever to come back from the afterlife . I have quite a few questions . You said that you saw dead bodies ? That 's right . There were ... seven females , 1 1 males . Some of the bodies had been there for years . Others just for a few days . Are you saying that when we die , we go to some asteroid and decompose ? Well ... that 's what it looked like to us . These bodies , did you perform any kind of bio-scans on them ? W-Was there any specific medical data that you can remember ? Doctor , maybe I should just stop right there . This is what my people call a First Contact situation , and we 've learned to be very careful about how much we tell alien cultures we 've just met . I would like to start a complete bioanalysis as soon as possible . If you 'll just follow Dr. Ranora . If you 'll just follow Dr. Ranora . Bioanalysis ? Look , all I want to do is get back to my ship and I think there might be a way to use this spectral rupture of yours to ... You 're not going anywhere . You are our first glimpse into what lies beyond death . We are not going to let this opportunity pass us by . We 've completed our analysis of the ring system . Our sensors have detected over 200,000 alien bodies on various asteroids in the rings . From what we can tell , a subspace vacuole appears about every two hours , deposits a body , and then disappears . We need to focus on those vacuoles . Concentrate on trying to probe them with a high-resolution subspace scan . See if you can find any sign of Mr. Kim . Sick Bay to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . Our guest has regained consciousness and she 's a little calmer this time . I 'm on my way . You have the Bridge . That 's , that 's all I know . I 'm sorry . I can 't tell you anything more . You 've told me quite a bit . At least now I have an idea of what might have happened to Mr. Kim . Is there anything I can do for you ? Well , I 'd , I 'd like some answers . About what ? About what happens to my people when we die . We 're not sure , exactly , but from what we do know , the vacuoles deposit the bodies on the asteroids in this ring system . And then what ? I 'm not sure what you mean . We 're supposed to evolve into a higher level of consciousness when we die . We 're supposed to gain a greater understanding of the universe . All of our questions are supposed to be answered . Ptera , I know this must be frightening for you . You 've been through a very traumatic experience- - it would frighten me- - but please try to understand , just because I don 't have the answers to your questions doesn 't mean there aren 't any . My brother ... I always thought I 'd see him again . I had so many things to tell him about his children ... the people he left behind ... but he isn 't here , is he ? He 's ... So , what am I supposed to do now , spend the rest of my life on this ... this ... starship ? Ptera , I am going to do everything in my power to figure out just how you got here , and as soon as I know anything , I will tell you . All right ? All right . Maybe we should get out of Sick Bay . Let you walk around for a while , clear your mind . Maybe get something to eat . Are you hungry ? Yes . Actually , I could use something to eat . What was that ? ! Janeway to Bridge . Report . There 's some kind of dimensional distortion forming near Main Engineering , Captain . It looks like a subspace vacuole . Janeway to Engineering . B 'Elanna , what 's going on ? I 've pinpointed the location , Captain . It 's right here in Engineering . Stand by . Hatil , what are you saying ? I 'm just not sure I 'm ready , that 's all . I don 't understand . Neither do I. It 's just that I 'm starting to wonder what really happens when we die ... if I 'm really going on to a higher level of consciousness . The alien , what has he been telling you ? All he 's done is made me stop and think about something we 've always taken for granted . And now that I 've thought about it , I 'm not so eager to go through with it anymore . Hatil , we know nothing about him , or why he 's come here , or why he 's spreading lies about the Next Emanation . All I know is you can 't throw away a lifetime of belief because of him . It doesn 't make any sense . I don 't know what to think anymore . I 'm scared , Araya . It 's going to be all right . Think about your father . He 's waiting for you . I 'll see you at the Transference Ritual . I don 't know who you are , or where you come from , but you stay away from my husband . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to ... Harry , you have to forgive my wife . She 's having trouble understanding my concerns about the afterlife . That 's why I 'm here . I 'm , uh ... getting ready to die . Forgive me for asking again , but can you tell me anything about what I might find in the Next Emanation ? Everyone keeps asking me that , and I just keep giving the same answer . I don 't know . But you do come from the afterlife . I come from a different reality , maybe another dimension , and maybe it is your afterlife . I don 't know . All I do know is that there are countless billions of people there who are born , live and die just like you do here . But you did see my people there . You said they were dead . Yes , but ... Look , for all I know , your thanatologists are right , and all I saw were the corporeal remains of your people , and you do go on to a higher consciousness . But it 's , uh ... it 's also possible that ... there is no higher existence for us- - that when we die , we simply cease to exist . I ... I really can 't say . I don 't know what happens to your people after they die . I don 't even know what happens to my people after they die . Don 't you have thanatologists , people who study death ? Well , sort of . There have certainly been medical experts , philosophers , theologians , who have spent a great deal of time debating what happens after death , but no one 's come up with an answer yet . My people have come to think of death as just another stage of our existence . There are some people who are even eager to die . If they feel depressed or lonely in this life , they simply move on to the next one . Is that why you 're here ? Because you 're not happy with your life ? Ever since the , um ... accident ... life hasn 't been easy . But I have to say this is more my family 's idea than it is mine . Your family . I 'm a burden to them right now . It takes a lot of their time and resources to care for me , and I can 't give much back to them . So there was a family meeting , and it was agreed that ... I should move on to the Next Emanation . You look appalled . It 's not my place to judge your culture , but from my perspective , it 's a little chilling to hear that . Even though the family did it out of ... love ... and everyone was happy for me , and they said they 'd see me when they got to the Next Emanation ... I have to admit , there is a little voice inside of me that is terrified of dying and since I 've been talking to you ... that little voice has started to get ... louder . I 'm reading another vacuole forming on the ship . Tuvok , try remodulating the shield harmonics . It 's no use , Captain . The vacuole is still forming . Take the body to the ship 's morgue . This is odd . Three bodies have appeared on Voyager so far , and each one of them has released some kind of neural energy . In every case , the energy has passed through the hull and out into the rings . The energy 's frequency is identical to the ambient radiation in the asteroid field . The vacuoles are disrupting the warp core 's magnetic interlocks . It won 't be long before we lose antimatter containment . The vacuoles have all formed within 20 meters of the warp core . They might be attracted to it . Janeway to Bridge . Mr. Paris , lay in a course . I want to get at least a half a light year away . Warp seven . Aye , Captain . Paris to Janeway . I 've brought us out of warp . We 're point six light-years from the ring system . Any other subspace vacuoles forming ? No . The magnetic interlocks have stabilized . I think we 're safe out here . Begin working on a way to protect the warp core from these vacuoles . Aye , Captain . Sometimes I come in here and just stare out at the stars . for hours . I never get tired of looking at them . We were always told we would see beautiful sights in the Next Emanation- - colors , lights- - and that we would see them with new eyes and a new understanding . But now ... what happened to the others- - my brother ... my father ... and everyone before them . People die every day on my world . Do they all end up as lifeless corpses ? When people die on my world , we bury them beneath the soil and we believe that their comra is released into the afterlife . Their comra ? Our soul , our spirit , the essence of our beings . Maybe something similar happens to you . But you don 't understand . We don 't believe in any kind of spirit . When we die , we 're supposed to reappear as physical beings with arms and legs . That 's the whole point of sending our people through the spectral ruptures . We 're supposed to travel on to the Next Emanation as ourselves , and be reunited with our families . But none of that is true ... is it ? None of the people I love are here . I 'm alone . I don 't belong here . I can 't live like this . Please , can 't you send me home ? I think there is only one person on this ship who could answer that question . We 're doing everything we can to get you back home , Ptera . Once we locate our missing officer , we 're hoping he might be able to tell us enough to ... Wait a minute , Captain . Maybe there is a way to send Ptera home and find Ensign Kim at the same time . Explain . What if we recreated the transporter accident ? If it 's true that Harry was pulled through the vacuole during transport , we might be able to reproduce those circumstances , and send Ptera home . We could send Ptera through with a subspace transponder , and hope the signal will penetrate the dimensional barrier , and allow us to lock on to Kim with a transporter beam . Right . So I can get home ? Ptera , you should know that there 's no guarantee this is going to work . I understand the risk , but I 've already been dead once , and I 'm prepared to die again if necessary . So if there 's a chance I can get home , I 'm willing to take the risk . All right . Commander , prepare a subspace transponder and teach Ptera how to use it . Aye , Captain . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We 've returned to the ring system , and we 're preparing to send Ptera back to her dimension . Lieutenant Torres has found a way to temporarily protect the warp core against the vacuoles , but she is uncertain how long her measures will be effective . You understand the instructions for Mr. Kim , if you find him ? Yes . We 've got one , Commander , forming ten meters below us , Deck 13 . Okay , let 's see if your dampening field is going to protect the warp core . The field is fluctuating slightly ... but holding . Engineering to Transporter Room 3 . There 's a vacuole forming on Deck 13 . Magnetic interlocks are stable . Acknowledged . I see the vacuole . Locking on . Good luck , Ptera . I have a transporter lock . Energizing . Matching her pattern to the subspace distortions . Wait a minute , the vacuole is shutting down . I can 't get her pattern through . Abort the procedure . Pull her back . I 'm trying . I 'm losing her pattern . Shunt emergency power into buffer tank 4 . That 's it . I 've got the pattern . She 's dead . Is there any brain activity ? Can we revive her ? Janeway to Lieutenant Torres . How long until we have to leave ? I 'd say we 're safe for another two hours . That gives us two hours to find Mr. Kim . We 'll have to stay within high-range scanner range . Perform another subspace scan . This time , extend the scan radius to ten AU . I 'm on my way to Engineering . Janeway out . Aye , Captain . Ensign , beam her onto one of the asteroids . Aye , Captain . That 's where she was meant to be . I hope you find your afterlife , Ptera . Why ? We want to make a more detailed scan of your microcellular structures , and a complete examination of your neural chemistry . This facility isn 't equipped for such a detailed bioanalysis . The complex at Paffran has everything we need . Look , if my ship is still searching for me , they 're not going to stay there forever . I have to get back . That 's not possible . We don 't even understand how you got here . Then maybe I can figure out a way to get back . Let me take a look at one of those cenotaphs . There 's no time for that . Word about you has spread very quickly , Harry . Not only in the scientific world , but in the community at large . There are many people who are very ... nervous about what you represent . Some even see you as a threat to their beliefs about the afterlife . We need to take you to a more secure location . It 's for your own protection . Wait ! I 'm sorry , Harry . It 's out of my control . What are you doing ? Preparing for the Transference Ritual . This is a ceremonial shroud that 's been in my family for five generations . So they make you wrap yourself in your own death shroud . It 's something we look forward to , actually . I remember when my father used this shroud , and his father before him . The difference is , when my father put this on , there was no doubt in his mind about where he was going . Can 't you just back out ? Say you 've changed your mind ? I ... have thought of just walking out and disappearing . I have some friends in the Cararian Mountains . They would be willing to let me stay with them . But my family would worry about me . They 'd wonder what was happening , if I was all right , if I were hurt ... No . Everyone 's expecting a Transference Ritual and I 'm going to give them one . What if you did disappear into the mountains , but your family thought you were dead ? I mean , they 're here for a Transference Ritual , right ? Do you realize what you 're suggesting ? It 's perfect . Those cenotaphs send your people back to my dimension , which is where I want to go . Voyager 's probably still near the asteroid searching for me . As soon as I appear , they 'll pick up my signal and beam me aboard . And you ... you can just disappear . Your family will think you 're dead , and you can live out your life in the mountains . Harry , if you go into that cenotaph and go through with the Transference Ritual , you 'll die . Well , if Voyager can beam me aboard quickly enough , our doctor should be able to revive me . Medicine 's pretty advanced in our culture . I 've heard of cases where people have been dead for hours and still been brought back to life . But it 's not certain . No , it 's not ... but I think this is my only chance to get home . The shroud has to be wrapped in a particular way . I 'll show you how . But we have to hurry . I 'm scheduled for Transference in less than an hour . A pleasant trip , Hatil . Say hello to Varel and Toyan . I 'll see you there in a few years . We are joined here today to bid farewell to our dear friend Hatil Garan . We salute not only his life , but the manner in which he has chosen to end it . He makes a noble sacrifice today , that his family may have a better tomorrow . We prepare to send him on to the Next Emanation with the full knowledge and faith that the life he will find there is better than the one here , that he will no longer be hampered by his infirmities , and that he will come to understand the cosmos in a way that he could never have imagined . Good-bye , Hatil . I love you . Another vacuole . Deck 15 . The body of an alien female has been left behind . Chakotay to Transporter Room 3 . Lock on to the body on Deck 15 , and transport it to one of the asteroids . Aye , sir . Status on the warp core , Lieutenant . The dampening field 's down to 21 percent . The interlocks won 't hold much longer . I recommend leaving , Captain . Very well . Mr. Paris , bring us about . Prepare to resume our ... Captain , I 'm picking up a vacuole forming on Deck 12 . It deposited a human body ... Human ? But it 's dead . Janeway to Seska . There 's a body on Deck 12 . Beam it directly to Sick Bay . Yes , Captain . 2cc 's cordrazine . Relax , Mr. Kim . Everything 's fine . You 're alive . Mind if I join you ? No , not at all . Please . Thank you . So , how are you feeling ? Better . I 'll be ready for duty tomorrow morning . You 're off duty for the next two days . Captain , I 'm fine . It 's not a reflection on your capabilities , Ensign . I just want to give you a chance to reflect on what 's happened . This may not make much sense to you now- - a young man at the beginning of his career- - but one of the things you learn as you move up the ranks and get a little older is that ... you wish you had more time in your youth to really ... absorb all the things that happen to you . It goes by so fast . It 's so easy to become jaded , to treat the extraordinary like just another day at the office . But sometimes ... there are experiences which transcend all that . You 've just had one , Mr. Kim , and I want you to live with it for a little while . Write about it if you feel like it . Paint ... express yourself in some fashion . The Bridge will still be there in two days . Thank you , Captain . I have been a little preoccupied with the experience . I mean , all those people think that they know what happens after death . They look forward to it . They 're prepared for it . But the truth is , none of it 's real . They don 't have an afterlife . They just decay inside those asteroids . I wouldn 't be so sure of that if I were you . That neural energy their bodies release- - it becomes part of the ambient electromagnetic field surrounding the planet . Our readings also indicate the energy is unusually dynamic . There 's a great deal of variation in pattern complexity , quantum density ... Are you saying you think they do have an afterlife ? That the energy field is where they exist at a higher level of consciousness , just like they believe ? I 'm not certain . But I am certain about this : What we don 't know about death is far , far greater than what we do know . See you in two days , Ensign . Thank you , Captain .
