 July 27th , 1997 I have finally completed the brain secretion research . It 's the ultimate painkiller for human beings . With this , the happiness of mankind will improve significantly . We can now spend our days with feelings of blue skies and spring . I will give it a name . MY SON . Yes . What 's the matter ? What made you come here ? Do you need pocket money ? Is that the new contraceptive ? Don 't touch it . Can I come and watch ? To see what ? The experiment . I promise I won 't be in your way . I 'm afraid that 's not possible . I can 't allow strangers to sit in with the experiment . Not even my son . Mother , please . I 'd really like to . Yes . Has everybody arrived ? I 'll be right there . I 'm very pleased that you are interested in my work . I 'm sorry I can 't help you . I understand . Never mind . Sorry ... Can I just relax a bit here ? I came all this way on my bicycle . You can come when there are no experiments . Next time I will . Eiji , is there something I should know ? Huh ? It 's that habit of yours . You always twirl your hair like that when you 're proud of something . Really ? When you had an A for math and when you made nitroglycerine from your chemistry kit . I was a child then . I have nothing to be proud of . It 's only the habit that 's remained . I see . You 'll be the first to know . Department of Pharmaceuticals New Medicine Professor Yuki Kure Everybody knows the population on this earth is a problem . In the 21 st century we expect the world population to reach 10 billion . We won 't know how to feed them all . Before it goes too far , we need to realize ... That contraception is the only way to save the earth . The medicine that you will receive will be on the market next year . Today 's experiment is the final test . I can guarantee it is safe . You can all participate . Thanks to you , I have gathered useful data . Here you are . Thank you very much . Thanks . In one week , we 'll look at the side effects . I 'll Contact you . Thank you all . Thank you . I 'm tired . I 'm hungry . I 'm starved , we didn 't even have a lunch break . Let 's eat something . I know a good place . Let 's go . What about you ? I can 't decide . Let 's go . We 're in this together , so come with us . Okay I 'll come . That 's my girl . No way . I can 't believe it . I read about it . One in a million people are like that . Since when ? Since 5th grade , after I started having my period . So you don 't sleep at all ? Not really . My body just doesn 't need it . But how come ? The doctor says it was the shock of menstruating . It blocked the sleeping cycle . Doesn 't it wear you out ? I don 't know . To me it 's normal . Normal ? By the way ... What ? Don 't get mad , but you seem a bit plant-like . Plant-like ? Just my impression . Sorry . I 'm talking nonsense . Excuse me , I 'd like some ham with melon and pudding . Sure , I 'll be right back . Your going to eat more ? Eating gives me the ultimate joy . Man was born for eating and will continue until he dies . The best meal gives me the greatest pleasure . You will become as fat as that actress ' mother . If that worries you , you 'll never enjoy life . I 'd hate to get fat and ugly . I 'd rather starve and die . My greatest happiness is to have a nice body and nice clothes . You 're strange . No , it 's you that 's strange . I 'm home . I 'm sorry I couldn 't let you watch the experiment today . It 's okay . It doesn 't matter . You 've been working hard lately . What kind of research are you doing ? What can I say ? It 's a new kind of painkiller . What kind ? When a person feels pain , his brain produces a substance like endorphin . I want to increase this production to soften the pain . That would be ground breaking medicine . When do you expect to finish ? Not for a long time . How wonderful . That 's more then most 17 year old could do . It 's just what your father predicted . Father ? Before you were born , your father said you 'd be a great scientist one day . He would have been very proud of you . I have succeeded in injecting MY SON . Within 48 hours the drug will take effect . I will observe the girls starting tomorrow . I 'm leaving . What are you doing ? What ? You 've been filming me . With that camera . All the time . Nonsense . You 're weird . I saw you during the experiment too . Well ... I saw your face . Are you some kind of freak ? I 'm her son . The scientist in charge of the experiment ... I 'm her only son . You don 't look anything like her . Whether I look like her or not , it 's the truth . Then why are you following me ? I 'm not following you . Then we will say good bye and I will never have to see your face again . I 've hated you from the moment I saw you . I just don 't know why . I just don 't like you . I want you to dislike me as well . I dislike you quite a bit . You dislike me ? Yes , I do . Good . You 're a stupid idiot . So are you . What are you going to do now ? Shall we go somewhere ? Where to ? A place you don 't like . Okay . Is this the place you hate ? Yes . Why , this is like ... Paradise ? To me it 's too noisy . Noisy ? I 'm an insomniac . I can 't sleep because of a psychological shock . My hearing has become extremely sensitive . I can hear all small creatures very loudly . Animals , plants , or insects . All living things talk . I don 't understand the language , but still ... Even plants . I 'd like to let you hear the noise these flowers make . You 'd never call it paradise again . That 's why I hate living creatures . But mostly I hate myself . Sometimes I could kill myself . Do you understand ? No I don 't . But I understand it is difficult for you . Come with me . I 'll take you to the place I love most . Only one side is a bit dull . Oh my God ... What shall I eat today ? Sukiyaki , Steak , Sushi , Shabushabu ... No , today I 'll eat delicious tempura . Delicious tempura . You 're next , Mr. Squid . Come in . What is this ? This is my sleeping installation . It 's a special machine for people like me . I put the goggles on and just sit and relax You do this instead of sleeping ? If it works well , I can even experience something dream-like . Dream-like ? The scenery of the heart . I see visions from inside my brain . It looks interesting . What 's with this cactus ? It 's my own idea . I feel as if I 'm one with the cactus . I thought you hated plants . Not cactus 's . They don 't talk Maybe they 're always asleep . I dream together with the cactus . Would you like to try ? The cactus will show you the scenery of your heart . I don 't see anything . You must empty your heart first . Then entrust everything to the cactus . Mother , what are you looking for ? Nothing . My Son . What is this ? I just wrote it down for fun . It 's just vitamins inside . What a lovely color . It 's the color of the ocean . I 've been thinking about father lately . Nobody took him seriously , but he continued his research on his own . Em ... Mother , what did you think of his research ? It 's a shame , but your father was strange - " Eternal Life " it 's all so far fetched . Maybe it 's possible . Maybe father did see eternal life . Let 's change the subject - We can talk about your father but not about his research . Mother , you should have trusted him . You should have trusted father . You should have shared his dream . He shouldn 't have had to make the journey all by himself . Life is light . Whether it 's light of a candle or of nuclear fusion . We will become light , and we 're heading for the end of space . We 'll breakthrough time and space and head for the kingdom of light . Rika Mikami . Riki Mikami . What should I believe ? Should I have shared his dream ? What is he talking about ? I think it 's broken . It is pretty old . I 've come up with a name for the baby . How about Eiji ? Eiji ? What does that mean ? Eternity 's boy . What if it 's a girl ? It will be a boy . He will look like me and become a great scientist . I still have six months to go . Daddy is a little impatient . Eiji , can you hear me ? Come out and let Daddy see your face . I 'm very happy . I hope it will last forever . I just saw a flash of light . I don 't see anything . I know it was there . What was it ? I 'll go and have a look . It was nothing . Don 't worry . I 'll be right back . Eiji . Eternity 's child . What are you doing ? What 's going on ? Help me . I can 't stop . I don 't know what to do . What do you mean ? Explain it to me . I feel great . The more wounds I make , the better I feel . Tomorrow we 'll go to the hospital . I 'm sure it 's some sort of illness . Rika , help me . Be brave . Miss Mikami , please come over right away . I need to examine you . I 'll wait for you . Mother ... Em ... I don 't understand . They both died . The two girls in the experiment . The drugs that I used had a strange substance in it - I can 't identify it . Mother ... What ? What is it , Eiji ? Oh my God ... you ? Em ... Good bye , mother . What is this ? A human brain ? It 's full of endorphin . I wanted to make a drug for eternal happiness . So pain becomes joy , and sadness becomes happiness . That 's all of it . There 's not a drop left . My dream has ended . It 's not over yet . It will continue inside of us . Darling ... I 've kept you waiting for so long . But I 'm here now and we 'll be together forever . From now on , we will live forever . Mama , where are you going today ? I think I 'll go West . It hasn 't spread there yet . Go for it . Thank you , Eiji . The dream has yet to end . Cast : Misa Aika Mika Kirihara , Yumika Hayashi , Masumi Nakao , Tadashi Shiraishi Seiya Hiramatsu ( child ) , Tadao Abe Executive Producer : Hirohiko Sato Producers : Ryuji Nakajima , Hiroshi Miyashima , Takahiro Hosoya , Kiyoshi Nakayama Script : Ta ketoshi Wata ri Cinematography : Akiko Ashizawa Lighting : Sousuke Yoshikado Makeup : Yuuichi Matsui Stunts : Masami Kobayashi Editing : Nobutake Kamitani Original Music : Kimitake Hiraoka Assistant Director : Takashi Kajino Directing Aides : Kei Shichiri , Yukinori Satokawa Cinematography Assistants : Yoshihito Takahashi , Shinji Suzuki Lighting Assistants : Koji Fukurnoto , Eiji Sasaki , Hiroshi Ohta Makeup Aide : Tomo Yoshida Stunt Assistant : Yoshizo Miyata Editing Assistants : Takehiko Nakagawa , Ana Kondo Negative Editing : Masami Ohhashi Aide : Tomoe Hamada Recording : Toshihiko Kaito Timer : Yasumi Inagaki EED : Ken Sugawara Sounds : Kyouichi Sakuyama Effects : Yuji Tan Still : Eitetsu Ohta Vehicles : Genichi Sato Shin Kinoshita , Nobuhiko Ohkouchi Production Desk : Satomi Kneya Production Process : Chikako Nakabayashi Jiro Ishikawa , Makoto Yamaguchi Production Management : Takashi Ikoma Nippon Kodak , Cinematography Services , Right Brain , Highlight Yu , Take One Kyouei Arts , Kamekou-sen Abe Insurance , Sato Location Service , Pial Belo Location Servic , Kinoshita Inc . Kamitani Editing , 4-chome Factory Eikou , Toei Chemical Special thanks to : Hachiman AstrolO9Y . Mega Brain , Nippon Kouden , Carl Tsaris , Shoufuen , KIM Japan , City of Narashino , Yaitu Rose Garden , Woodsock Hachioji . Cooperation to the production : Algo Pictures Ben Juram Production : Excellent Film Production : TM Project Directed by : Hisayasu Sato Copyright : 199S Museum This story is fiction . The names , places , and characters are not real . This video is intended for personal use only . Public exhibition is prohibited .
