 Direct hit . The target buoy is solid monotanium ten meters thick , shielded by a chromoelectric force field . Impressive . I 'm glad you agree . It 's not wise to travel this region without adequate defenses . I 've seen scuttled ships with more firepower than Voyager . I 'm sure you have . Imagine what you 'll be capable of once the isokinetic cannon is integrated into your defensive systems . One projectile can penetrate the shields of any heavily - armored vessel . Hostile species will know to avoid Voyager by reputation alone . You 've made your point , Mr. Kovin . I want the cannon . And I 'm prepared to give you ... astrometric charts spanning 12 sectors . You 'll find them unusually precise . Even the most sophisticated charts become obsolete . One random anomaly and they 're no longer accurate . However , I could be persuaded if you were to include the mapping technology that created them . Sorry . Our astrometric sensors were designed specifically for this ship . They 'd be of no use to you . What I can offer you is a generous supply of isolinear processing chips . We 'll even show you how to integrate them into your existing sensor technology . How generous a supply ? 100 chips . 150 . 1 15 . 125 . Done . Escort our guest to Engineering . You 'll be supervising the installation of the cannon ? Of course ... for a modest fee . Five additional chips . No more . It 's good to see the art of negotiation isn 't lost on you , Captain . That guy is worse than a Ferengi . Assign Seven of Nine to work on this . She 's got a knack for adapting alien technology . Should I give her complete access to the Engineering control systems ? I 'm ready to give her some latitude . She 's been behaving herself lately . What are you working on ? I 'm trying to decode the message Starfleet Command sent us several weeks ago . Any progress ? None . I 'm working on a new decryption algorithm . I 'd like you to set it aside for a while . I have another assignment for you . What is it ? The Captain wants you to help Kovin integrate the new weapon system . I 'd rather not . I find him inefficient . Maybe so , but you seem to work well with him . You 've been asking for more responsibilities . I thought you 'd be pleased . The Captain gives me greater liberty only when she needs my expertise . You violated her trust and if you want it back , you 're going to have to earn it one step at a time . I will report to Engineering . You 'll need to install isolinear buffer circuits here and here . The main power relay should be protected by a containment field . Unnecessary . All the buffer circuits would have to fail simultaneously for there to be any danger . We prefer to play it safe . I 'll check the inventory logs to see if we have a field generator available . What are you doing ? I 'm reconfiguring the tactical control systems . The isokinetic circuits requires a specialized protocol . Let me take care of it . That won 't be necessary . No . No . The subroutines need to be arranged in cascading sequence . Let me show you . Seven , stop . There 's a hairline fracture of the premaxilla bone . Do you see this , Captain ? She shattered it . It 's easily repaired . Do you have any idea why Seven attacked you ? It was unprovoked . She came at me like an animal . Well , I wouldn 't put it like that . I was at another console about ten meters away . I heard Kovin raise his voice and when I looked around I saw that he was holding her arm . I barely touched her ! A gentle gesture to move her out of my way , so I could get to the console . Then she turned on me , attacked me . What did you say to her ? I told her how to reconfigure the tactical control systems properly . is that all ? That 's all . And that 's when she knocked him down . Ashmore and I had to hold her back . She would have killed me . That woman is dangerous . It 's a miracle you survived . Now , hold still or this won 't heal properly . Why are you questioning me on this ? You should be disciplining your crew member . Believe me , I 'll deal with it . Please accept my sincere apology . Now , if you 'll excuse me . Good as new . Come in . Here we are again . Oh , I 'm tired of having this conversation . You know what I 'm going to say . I know how you 're going to respond , so it seems pointless to say anything . Shall I consider my privileges restricted and confine myself to the cargo bay ? I think we 've established that traditional disciplinary actions don 't work with you . The question is : What will ? Are you asking for my opinion ? I suppose I am ... because frankly , I 'm running out of options . Throwing you in the brig isn 't going to solve anything . Neither is slapping you on the wrist . And it 's not as though I don 't understand your feelings about Kovin . There have been a few times when I 'd have liked to pop him in the nose myself , but you have to start learning the difference between having an impulse and acting on it . Does that make any sense to you ? I believe so . I will give it more thought . Well , that 's a start . I hear there was some excitement this morning . When I started helping you improve your social skills , I 'm fairly certain I didn 't include a boxing lesson . You weren 't hurt , were you ? No . Still a bit tense ? Perhaps . I understand the burden you carry- - constantly being obligated to deal with those who fall short of excellence . I often find my own patience being tested by someone like Mr. Kovin . Of course , I generally respond with a devastating quip rather than a left hook . We must both accept the fact that very few life - forms will ever meet our high standards . So , when you get irritated just try to be tolerant , and remember- - they can 't help being what they are . Hmm ... I 'm reading some increased engramatic activity and your adrenaline levels are slightly elevated . What does that indicate ? It 's consistent with a state of heightened tension . Lie down and I 'll run some scans . In a typical human , I would consider this a mood swing , but with your unique physiology , I 'd like to rule out the possibility of a chemical imbalance . Have you been experiencing any other symptoms- - headaches , disorientation ? No . Physiological scans seem normal . I 'm going to check your Borg implants now . Seven ... what 's wrong ? Let me out . I will . Stay calm . No more procedures . - All right . - Stay away ! You mustn 't do this . Do what ? Seven , what are you so afraid of ? I don 't know . She experienced an episode of acute anxiety with all the trimmings- - intense apprehension , shortness of breath , dizziness . I finally managed to sedate her . Could this have been caused by her cortical implants ? I don 't think so . I think the problem has to do with memory suppression . I 've detected a high concentration of biogenic amines in Seven 's hippocampus- - a substance I haven 't noticed before . It 's blocking several portions of her memory center . Do you know where it came from ? No , but it seems to be dissipating . Seven 's unusual behavior may be the result of the blocked memories beginning to surface- - memories which she can 't identify yet . Can you treat her ? Treatment would involve integrating the repressed memories into Seven 's consciousness . I may be able to use a standard therapeutic regression technique . I wasn 't aware that you were programmed with psychotherapeutic capabilities . I wasn 't , but in the absence of a Ship 's Counselor , I 've been developing a psychiatric subroutine to add to my program . I 'll be even more valuable to you than I am now . Keep me informed , Doctor . Hmm . A Jungian therapist would attempt to retrieve unconscious memories by exploring synchronicities in recent events . On the other hand , Amanin of Betazed would argue that a combination of sensory isolation and focused breathing techniques would be more effective . I 've integrated the finer points of both to create my own approach to memory reconstruction . What does this approach involve ? First , putting you at ease by performing the treatment here in your own environment . Once the cortical probes have reinforced the neural pathways , I 'll use a directed imagery technique to guide you through the regression . You may proceed . Please close your eyes . Clear your mind . Try not to think or to analyze . My mind is now clear . Seven , this isn 't an exercise in efficiency . Close your eyes . Breathe deeply . Now concentrate on the sound of my voice . Let go of the present . Leave the cargo bay behind . Allow yourself ... to drift . Describe the first image that enters your mind . A medical tricorder . Duratanium casing . 7 . 6 centimeters by 9 . 8 centimeters by 3 . 2 centimeters . Alpha - numeric display ... That 's enough . So ... you 're in Sick Bay . How does the tricorder make you feel ? It disturbs me . Why does it disturb you ? I 'm afraid it will hurt me . is there anything else there that causes you to anticipate pain ? The diagnostic bed . It 's closing around me . You feel restrained , confined . Yes. I am uneasy . About what ? It 's Kovin . What is he doing ? He 's restraining me . I want to get away from him , but I can 't . Kovin 's using some kind of instrument on me . Seven ? I didn 't recall this before . Recall what ? Kovin . He ... he performed a surgical procedure on me . He ... extracted Borg technology from my body . He violated me . We 're making progress . Now , tell me . This surgical procedure ... when did it happen ? I don 't know . The details are vague . There are only images . And you 're sure it was Kovin ? Did you see Kovin ? Yes . You said he was restraining you , using an instrument - of some sort . - He was . Were you on Voyager when this happened ? No . It must have been when we were testing the weapons on the surface . Then concentrate on that away mission . Focus on the first image that enters your mind . Describe it for me . A large granitic stone ... approximately one - half meter high . Now , allow that memory to develop beyond the image . lntegrate it into your consciousness . Let the memory take shape . I 'm at the weapons range . Kovin had taken us there to evaluate various handheld firearms he wished to offer in trade . He attempted to impress us with a demonstration of the weapons destructive capabilities . My role was to provide a more objective analysis . Terawatt powered particle beam rifle . Four microsecond recharge cycle . Ten kilometer range . Definitely not standard Starfleet issue . What do you think ? 72 percent fragmentation , 28 percent vaporization . Crude but efficient . It 's not as accurate as our compression rifles , but it 's a lot easier to handle . I wouldn 't mind carrying one of these the next time we run into the Hirogen . The targeting mechanism could be augmented with a thermal guidance sensor . That would increase accuracy by 24 percent . I can do that now . Care to join me ? You can make sure that the adjustments are performed to your specifications . If you don 't mind , I 'd like to test some of the other firearms . Go right ahead . This way . Kovin took me to a small laboratory . Describe it . It was poorly illuminated . I saw various instruments- - technology unfamiliar to me . I assumed this was where he developed new weapon designs . This weapon is thoron - based . Most of these handheld disruptors are . Thoron can be unstable in weapons . Not if you polarize the emitter matrix . That compensates for any instabilities . Watch . What are you doing ? He turned the weapon on me . He fired ? Yes , I remember it now . What happened next ? I 'm not sure . Concentrate . See the laboratory in your mind . There was a light in my eyes . Was Kovin still in the room with you ? Yes . Restrain her . Quickly . And another Entharan was assisting him . This is Borg technology . That 's what I 've been telling you . Let me go . They bound me to an examination table . What did they do to you ? Did they scan you ? The bio - ablation pump is engaged and pressurized . The growth medium is activating the implants . The nanoprobes are multiplying . They put a device near my head . They removed my ocular implant . And ... some of the implants in my arm were activated . Which ones ? Can you be more specific ? Use the maximum setting of the metagenic pulse to stimulate the implants . The assimilation tubules are ready . Prepare to harvest the nanoprobes . They extracted nanoprobes through my assimilation tubules . I was powerless ... unable to stop them . You couldn 't be expected to . You were restrained . Then what happened ? They took the nanoprobes to another subject- - also restrained- - and they ... they assimilated him . Well done . The next thing I remember , I was back in Kovin 's lab . He claimed the particle beam rifle overloaded- - that it burned my hand- - but it was a lie . They had attacked me . I 'm sorry . I should have been more careful . Do you have a dermal regenerator ? Of course . I 'll inform the Captain . There 's no doubt that Seven was the victim of a brutal assault . How is she ? As well as can be expected . She 's regenerating in her alcove . I predict her emotional recovery will take some time . I certainly hope you intend to hold Kovin responsible for what he 's done . First , I want to know how much of her story we can corroborate . Tom , you were with her on the planet . How long was she alone with Kovin ? At least two hours . And when she came back , did she say anything about what happened ? Only that they 'd finished their work on the rifle . She seemed fine . Clearly , Mr. Kovin used some artificial means to suppress her memory of the event . That would explain the unusual engramatic activity I found in her neurological scans . Did you find any other physical evidence of the medical procedures she described ? No . I suspect Mr. Kovin used Seven 's own nanoprobes to repair any cellular damage . She distinctly remembers Kovin extracting them . You seen to be accepting Seven 's recovered memories as fact . Are you suggesting otherwise ? Historically , recovered memories have often proven unreliable . Yes , in cases where a traumatic experience has been repressed for years . But we 're dealing with a very recent memory here that was blocked by artificial means . When I removed that mechanism , Seven remembered everything that happened . Human memory is rarely perfect . What are you saying , Tuvok ? That Seven is making this up ? No , but we must remember that she 's experienced hallucinatory images before . That was in direct response to a signal from the ship where she was assimilated . She 's not having hallucinations now . She 's remembering what happened to her . I 've confirmed this by analyzing the specific engramatic activity in her hippocampus . We 're not talking about conjecture . We 're talking about science . Let 's not get bogged down . Seven has made serious accusations and I won 't dismiss them . If Kovin assaulted her and took a sample of her Borg technology , we can 't stand by and do nothing . In the wrong hands , a single nanoprobe could lead to disaster . Doctor , I want you to keep searching for any physical evidence to back up Seven 's claim . I will talk to Kovin . Dismissed . This is offensive and absurd ! She 's obviously lying . Why would she do that ? Maybe you can answer that . She 's your crew member . First , she attacks me , then , she invents these ridiculous stories and you try to place the blame on me . is this some kind of negotiating tactic ? I have no hidden agenda . I 'm simply trying to clarify what happened . I told you already . We went to my laboratory to adjust the guidance system on the particle beam rifle . And that took two hours ? She insisted on absolute precision . We 've confirmed that Seven was exposed to an intense thoron discharge . She was- - after the rifle 's power cell overloaded . We reported the accident immediately . She now remembers that you fired the weapon at her deliberately . That 's preposterous . The Doctor tells me the blast could have been enough to render her unconscious . But it didn 't . We were both startled for a moment and after I apologized for the accident , she asked if I had a dermal regenerator , which I did , and I used it on her arm- - the one with the mechanical implants . Which you recognized as Borg . I was aware she 'd been a Borg . She told me herself . Did you ever express curiosity in that technology or try to examine it more closely ? No . You never considered the potential value it might have as a weapon ? is that what you think I 've done ? You may not realize how dangerous Borg technology can be . If you 've taken even a single nanoprobe , I need to know about it right now . I haven 't taken anything . I 'd like to examine your laboratory to be absolutely sure . No . This has already gone too far . Then I 'll have to contact the authorities . Maybe they 'll be more helpful . Are you willing to risk our trade agreement all on the basis of one crew member 's delusions ? Yes . Now ... are you going to cooperate with our investigation ? I don 't seem to have much choice . You stated that the rifle 's power cell overloaded as a result of a faulty oscillator adjustment . That 's right . Can you describe in more detail how that occurred ? I was showing her how to polarize the emitter matrix . I must have tuned the induction frequency too high . Were you unfamiliar with that procedure ? No . I have done it 100 times . It was a careless mistake . How many times do I need to apologize ? I am not seeking a statement of remorse . Then what do you want ? Are you trying to catch me in a lie ? Trick me into confessing ? You can 't , because there 's nothing for me to confess ! I haven 't done anything wrong ! One of our crew members claims that you have . Your crew member , Seven of Nine ... she 's very fortunate . How so ? She has an entire crew leaping to her defense . I have no one . The Entharan representative will be here shortly . You mean the magistrate ? He won 't help me . He 's more interested in protecting diplomatic relations with people like you . Surely , he 'll want to know the truth . That 's all we 're seeking . You don 't understand . On my world , we depend on trade with alien species . There are strict protocols about those relationships . Even being accused of violating them is a serious offense . You will have the opportunity to refute any charges . It won 't matter . Once they 're made , the damage is done . I won 't be trusted any longer . I 'll be ruined . Please ... I never hurt your crew member . Don 't do this . I 'm afraid I have no choice . But I assure you our investigation will be conducted in a fair and impartial manner . You strike me as a man of your word . If you tell me I won 't be prejudged , then I believe you . How are you feeling ? I am undamaged . But how do you feel ? Seven , your physical scars have healed , but the psychological effects are still there . You 'll have to deal with them . For what purpose ? In order to heal . Kovin attacked you ... violated your rights as an individual . It 's important that you recognize that so you can understand any hostility or resentment you might be feeling . Resentment is a human trait . It has no structure , no function . I want no part of it . You 're going to have to begin accepting the fact that your human feelings exist and that suppressing them can damage you . If I am not aware of these feelings , how can I express them ? Let me ask you this . What would have happened if Kovin had tried to take Borg technology directly from the collective ? He would have been assimilated . Precisely . Which is why he chose you . He could get what he wanted without running any risks . It was my individuality which made me vulnerable . Exactly . He violated that individuality . What he did is an affront to everything you are- - Borg and human . It was the act of a coward . Yes ! Someone who was willing to use you in the cruelest way so that he could create new weapons and sell them . I believe I am beginning to experience anger . Anger toward Kovin . Good . That 's a perfectly healthy , normal response . And when Kovin gets what he deserves , you 're going to feel much better . Right this way , Magistrate . My laboratory . There are no examination tables . I told you . Just workbenches . is this the entire facility ? Yes . We should scan for signs that the room may have been altered recently . During her regression , Seven described instruments similar to these . Of course she did . She was here . She said a device like this was used to remove her optic implant . That 's a micro - caliper . I used it to remove the casings over the guidance system on the particle beam rifle . And isn 't this an electrodynamic probe ? Yes . Hmm . It 's equipped with a monofilament stimulator . Could it be used to manipulate the neurotransmitter levels in a human brain ? Not as it is . But with the proper modifications ? With the proper modifications , I could reconfigure your combadge to manipulate neurotransmitters . What 's your point ? I believe you 've just made it . There 's cellular residue on many of these instruments . It matches Seven 's genome . With your permission , sir , I 'd like to take these tools back to Voyager where l can run more conclusive scans . Take whatever you need . Doctor , there are a number of Borg nanoprobes on the surface of this table . I 'll just collect a sample . Hmm ... That 's where her arm was hit when the rifle overloaded . The dispersal pattern is consistent with a dermal rupture . These nanoprobes were recently regenerated . If this were nothing more than cellular residue from Seven 's injury , the nanoprobes would be dormant . But these have been activated in a very specific pattern . I have seen enough . Kovin , there is sufficient evidence here to detain you pending official proceedings . No . Please ... no . Stay where you are . Kovin , don 't ... I trusted you . You said it would be an impartial investigation , but you 're all determined to find what you want to find . Well , I 'm not going to let this happen . Tuvok to Voyager . Janeway here . Mr. Kovin has transported out of the laboratory . Can you track his present position ? Stand by . I 'm picking up a transporter signature 300 kilometers above the surface . Captain , there 's a ship powering its engines at those coordinates . Magistrate , do you want us to follow him ? Yes ... but I 'd like to join you . Very well . We 'll beam you to Voyager . Stand by . Kovin 's ship is on a heading of 18 mark 25 . Set an intercept course . Get ready to lock on a tractor beam . He 's only at half impulse . His ship may not have warp engines . We 're at 9 , 000 kilometers and closing . I 'm engaging the tractor beam . I can 't find him . All of my sensor readings have disappeared . He generated a photonic pulse . It took them off - line . We 'll have to reinitialize the entire sensor array . Do it . Our investigation has suddenly turned into a manhunt . The fact that he 's running shows that he 's got something to hide . Until we find out what that is , we can 't risk letting him go . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51679 . 4 . We 've detected the warp signature from Kovin 's ship and we 're now in pursuit . In the meantime , Tuvok and I have been examining the tools from Kovin 's lab . This isn 't getting us anywhere . Seven 's cellular residue is on every one of these , but that would be true if she simply handled them . My examination of the rifle is equally inconclusive . It may have overloaded accidentally ... or not . I 'm getting a bad feeling about this , Tuvok . We aren 't finding anything that implicates Kovin . I told him our investigation would be impartial . I believe it has been . It has ... but I 'll admit I had some preconceptions about him . They may have influenced my judgment . The strongest evidence so far is the nanoprobes the Doctor found . The fact that they were regenerated suggests that Kovin was experimenting with them . We don 't know a great deal about the interaction between nanoprobes and Borg physiology . It might be worthwhile to simulate the effect of the rifle blast on Seven 's arm and see what happens to the nanoprobes . Good . Maybe that 'll give us some answers . is this really necessary , Captain ? She 's suffered enough trauma already . We don 't want to make accusations against an innocent man . We have to do everything we can to find some concrete evidence . He is not an innocent man . I know what he did to me . But we must have proof . And this experiment may provide us with it . We 've configured this hypospray to simulate the energy of a thoron blast . We 'll collect thin layers of your skin tissue and examine the effects . It won 't be painful . I am not afraid . I am angry . I know . Try to be patient . We may have some answers soon . All right , let 's see what we 've got . I think you better take a look . What do you see ? The nanoprobes ... are regenerating in exactly the same pattern we saw in Kovin 's laboratory . It appears to be a spontaneous response which could have been caused by the energy released from the thoron weapon . It doesn 't matter . Kovin is guilty . Seven ... there 's no doubt in my mind that you believe what you 're saying , but is it possible- - just possible- - that the memories you and the Doctor recovered aren 't accurate ? How could that be ? During your time with the Borg , you were subjected to invasive medical procedures . You undoubtedly witnessed other victims being assimilated . Could that be what you 're remembering ? You know that 's not right . Tell them . Everything led me to believe that you were a victim . Your extreme response to Kovin in Engineering , your irrational fear when I was examining you ... something prompted that behavior , and I believed it was a repressed memory of your ordeal with Kovin . That is what it was . But if I 'm to be impartial , I have to acknowledge that your neurology is still something of a mystery to me . I can 't be certain what triggered those memories . And we can 't ignore the fact that this evidence supports Kovin 's story ... and not yours . You were the one who helped me to understand what happened and now you 're denying it . Seven , no one 's abandoning you , but we have to do what 's right . We have to find Kovin and tell him what we learned . The Doctor told me I would feel better when Kovin gets what he deserves . I want him to be punished . I won 't settle for anything less . Mr. Paris . He 's in range . Visual . Hail him . No response . He 's charging weapons . Open a channel- - all frequencies . Mr. Kovin , this is Captain Janeway . We believe we 've made a mistake in accusing you . We only want to correct the situation . Stand down your weapons . He 's responding . Stop your pursuit . I can damage your ship . We 're not here to take you by force . Then let me go . Kovin , listen to me . The proceedings must be resolved . This is a trap . No . We 've discovered information that supports your story . I don 't believe you . We 've reexamined the evidence . Finding the nanoprobes led us to the wrong conclusion . We know now that your thoron rifle did overload . Please ... He 's firing a spread of photon pulses . Shields down to 82 percent . Back off . Give him some breathing room . He 's coming about , heading right for us . Direct hit to the power grid . Innocent or not , he 's going to destroy your vessel . Captain ? He 's come under enough fire from us already . Harry , try to beam him off his ship . He 's thrown up a scattering field . I can 't get a lock . Keep trying . Shields are down . He 's shunting all power to his photonic emitters . We must protect ourselves . Disable his ship . No . Evasive maneuvers- - hard to port , full thrusters . Aye . I 've almost got a lock on him- - a few more seconds . He 's charging weapons again . Captain , his emitters are overloading . All his systems are destabilizing . Open a channel . Kovin , shut down your scattering field . Let us beam you aboard . Kovin ! He 's firing . Harry ? I can 't find anything to lock on to , Captain . There 's nothing more we could have done . Stand down Red Alert . Mr. Paris , set a course back to the Entharan colony . Chief Medical Officer 's Log , Stardate 51658 . 2 . I 've spent the past three days being cross - examined by the Entharan authorities , but the matter is finally resolved . Doctor . Yes . I 'm here for my weekly maintenance . Oh , of course . This way , please . Metabolic rate is stable . Electro - optic implant is aligned . Your blood pressure is ... slightly off but within tolerance . You 're in perfect health . See you next week . I do not feel perfect . What do you mean ? I am preoccupied by Kovin 's death . Join the club . It 's all I can think about . As a Borg , I was responsible for the destruction of countless millions and I felt nothing , but now ... I regret the destruction of this single being . It 's called remorse , Seven . It comes into play when you make a mistake ... and you feel guilt about what you 've done . Another new emotion for you to experience . I do not enjoy this remorse any more than I enjoyed anger . Will the feeling subside ? Yes ... but not quickly . I would rather not have to wait . I 'm afraid you don 't have much choice . But maybe I do . I 've isolated the algorithms responsible for my desire to expand beyond my original programming . I want to delete them . Why ? It was my ... urge to experiment , my infatuation with improving myself that led to this tragedy . I fancied myself a psychologist , a Ship 's Counselor , but I wasn 't prepared for the complexities that come with such a responsibility . In my enthusiasm to help Seven of Nine , I lost my medical objectivity . I became a self - righteous advocate . I didn 't stop to think for one second that I might be wrong . That mustn 't happen again . You want to go back to the state you were in when we first activated you ? I 'll still be capable of treating any and all medical conditions , but without the risk of overstepping my bounds . It 's for the best , Captain . Oh , I 'm not so sure . This crew has benefited greatly from your improvements over the years . Request denied . - Captain ... - l won 't turn back the clock because of one mistake ... no matter how serious ... and no matter how you might feel . I 'm a physician . I 'm supposed to preserve life , not destroy it . I can 't live with the thought that ... I might do it again . With any luck ... that knowledge will prevent it from happening again . We all rallied around Seven , Doctor , myself included . I wanted her to know that she was part of this family , that we would support her , fight for her no matter what . We let our good intentions blind us . We all bear responsibility for Kovin 's death ... and we all have to live with it . But to delete that burden would be the last thing any of us should do .
