 The prey 's course has become erratic . I will intercept to kill . No . Maintain distance . His ship is damaged . He 's injured . Let him bleed . This prey is resilient . We will lose the moment . The way a creature behaves when it is wounded is the key to its destruction . Maintain distance . Direct hit . Our hull armor is stable . His weapons must be weakening . The prey is heading for an asteroid belt . Vector 168 . 9 . We are losing him . He hasn 't come here to hide . He 's come to make a final stand . Tracking . He 's holding position above an asteroid and he 's left his ship . Follow him . The prey is scattering our sensors . Impressive . He counters our pursuit to the final moment . Compensating . No . Disengage sensors . For what reason ? I want to take him with my own eyes . Follow . I 'll draw his attack . Prepare to target his thoracic crest . A flawless kill . " Please remain still so that I can treat your injuries . " Thank you . " l 'm sorry . Did that hurt ? " l 'll try to be more careful . " Thanks for being a patient patient . Have a pleasant afternoon . " This is absurd . Not at all . Keep going . You 're doing fine . This vernacular is not applicable to my duties on Voyager . We can tailor the vocabulary to your specific situations a little later . Right now , it 's the sentiment that counts . I don 't see the relevance . I created these exercises three years ago to familiarize myself with the social graces . I found that if I repeated them several times each day , the words became almost second nature . Let 's continue . Exercise two : " The workplace encounter . " Kes used to help me with this one . Now I 'll be the nurse . You be the doctor . " Please hand me the hypospray . " " Of course , Doctor , immediately . " " Thank you . Looks at instrument . " No , no . Don 't read that part- - only the dialogue . " Excuse me , Nurse . " This is the wrong hypospray . Would you mind finding the correct one ? " " Not at all . " " Thank you . " " Did I mention you look lovely today ? " " Oh , Doctor , you 're so charming . " This lesson is terminated . I know it 's awkward . For me , it was even painful , but I think you 'll find the rewards well worth the effort . Rewards . The ability to put others at ease ... make them feel more comfortable around you . You 're a lot like me when I was first activated . If I 'd had a mentor , things would have gone a lot more smoothly . I 'm willing to share my wisdom , but , if you 're not interested ... fine . I 'll stick to your physiological maintenance . I will examine your data . Oh , good . Pay special attention to Exercise 17 : " Bridge banter for beginners . " Have a pleasant day . Hmm ? Verify . Monotanium hull plating , dicyclic warp signature- - the vessel is definitely Hirogen . They 're moving to intercept . Evasive maneuvers ? No . We need to settle our differences here and now . Hard about , full impulse . Red Alert . They 're in visual range . On screen . Hail them . No response . They 're closing . 50 , 000 kilometers ... forty - five ... forty ... Maintain course , Mr. Paris . Curious . They are not charging weapons . They 're slowing , sir . Life signs ? Only one . And it 's erratic . They 've stopped , Captain . Their engines just went off - line . This could be a trap . Harry , run a long - range scan . Are there any other Hirogen ships out there ? None . Take us within transporter range . You intend to board their ship . Yes . The Hirogen vessel is a potential threat . We should destroy it . Seven , what you call a threat , I call an opportunity ... to gain knowledge about this species- - and in this case , maybe even show some compassion . There seems to be a wounded pilot over there . Our experience with the Hirogen indicates that compassion would not be reciprocated . And all of my experience says we 've got to take that chance anyway . Commander . Tuvok , Paris , you 're with me . Looks like there was a fight . Search for the life signs . Commander . I 'm reading bones , muscle tissue ... from at least nine different species . It 's all being broken down by some sort of enzyme . Perhaps this is their method of denaturating their prey . Either that ... or it 's dinner . Looks like somebody lost their helmet . Commander . I 'm not picking up any weapon residuals . I 'd say he was physically torn apart . I 'm picking up the life signs . This way . Massive internal bleeding . Let 's get him to Sick Bay . The data we downloaded from the ship 's computer included navigational records . Can you give us a map of this region ? This is the Hirogen vessel 's flight path over the past five years . They 've certainly covered a lot of space . This ship alone has visited over 90 star systems in the last year . I analyzed some of their logs . From what I can tell , this is a hunting species . We saw the skeletal remains from dozens of alien races displayed like trophies . There was also evidence they may be using some of their victims for food . The entire culture seems to be based on the hunt- - social rituals , art , religious beliefs . They 're nomadic . Their existence is driven by the pursuit of prey . And it 's carried them across huge distances . There is no evidence of a home planet . Their ships travel alone or in small groups . On occasion , several will join forces in a multipronged attack . Like wolves . How 's our " wolf " in Sick Bay ? Still unconscious ... behind a level - 5 force field . You were right , Seven . This species is a threat . But despite the risk of sending an away team , we know a lot more about who we 're dealing with now . You were correct , Captain . It was worth the risk ... this time . So , there 's one question remaining . Who 's hunting the hunters ? I was trying to remove his body armor to treat the internal injuries , when he suddenly regained consciousness . Needless to say , he 's not happy to be here . Can you sedate him ? I 've already tried . His immune system neutralizes everything . I could synthesize a more potent compound , but that would take hours . He could be dead by then . His wounds are severe . Your crewmate is dead ... and your ship has been damaged beyond repair . I brought you here to treat your injuries . What happened to your ship ? Who attacked you ? The first time I met your species , it wasn 't on the best of terms , but that doesn 't mean you and I can 't find a way to change that . Our prey . You were on a hunt . Yes . A formidable alien . We captured it two days ago , but it broke free of its restraints ... attacked us . Release me . I must continue the hunt . Not without your ship and not in this condition . You 'll die without treatment . Let us help you . Doctor ? All right ... I 'm going to enter the force field now and start with a few scans of your midsection . You should know I 'm a hologram and can 't be bent , spindled or mutilated so don 't bother trying . Hmm . Please lie down . Or remain standing . Captain , we 've detected six more Hirogen ships . They 're converging on us from all directions . The one in Sick Bay may have sent a distress call from his vessel . How long do we have ? The nearest ship is half a light - year away- - four hours at most . Tom , analyze their approach pattern . Evade them as long as you can . Yes , ma 'am . I want to buy the Doctor enough time to treat our hunter . If I can gain his confidence , he might call off his friends . Good old - fashioned diplomacy could get us out of this yet . Don 't count on it . From what I found in their database , diplomacy isn 't a part of their lifestyle . They don 't see us as equals . To them , we 're simply game . It 's time we convince them otherwise- - or like any other cornered animal , we 'll show our teeth . There 's been a hull rupture on Deck 1 1 , Section 3 . Damage is minor . It appears a plasma conduit overloaded . lncrease power to the structural integrity field . A bulkhead has collapsed in Jefferies Tube 84 . Another overload ? Negative . The plasma network is stable . This wasn 't caused by any power surge or system failure . Harry , Tuvok , get to Deck 1 1 and check it out . This was no overload . Indeed . Commander . It 's a dense mixture of DNA and polyfluidic compounds . Tuvok to Bridge . Go ahead . We may have an intruder on board . I 'm analyzing what could be a sample of its blood . The readings are consistent with Species 8472 . Intruder alert . Bridge to Security . Seal off Decks 10 through 12 . Internal sensors aren 't detecting any intruders . The last time we ran into this species , it was impervious to our scanners . We 'll have to track it visually . How did it get past our shields ? We 'll worry about that later . You have the Bridge , Commander . I 'll be on Deck 1 1 . I 've erected a level - 10 force field around Engineering . Good . Set up secondary force fields around every hatch , Jefferies tube and conduit leading into this room . I want every one of these consoles secured- - authorized command codes only . I 'm going to lock down the warp core . Ensign , realign the dilithium matrix to a frequency of 3 . 69 . Report . Four crew members are wounded , two seriously . Get them to Sick Bay . Species 8472 accessed Engineering through the antimatter injector port . Our phaser fire was insufficient . It attacked us , then escaped through Jefferies Tube 17 - Alpha . Janeway to Tuvok . Tuvok here . The intruder just left Engineering . Seal off the area . Understood . Secure the warp core . Yes , Captain . Seven . It would seem that the Hirogen underestimated their latest prey . You believe they were hunting the creature . Yes . When the Borg were fighting Species 8472 , did they ever engage in physical combat ? On many occasions . Can you recall anything that might help us here ? Each time they boarded a Borg vessel , they went directly to the central power matrix and disabled it . The creature was just in Engineering . Didn 't touch any of our power systems . It 's obviously adjusted its strategy . Species 8472 is devious and highly intelligent . It will seek the most efficient means of destroying us . Let 's get to Sick Bay . She 's going to be just fine , Captain . is it alone ? Have you seen any others like it ? Why ? Six months ago , this species invaded our galaxy with thousands of ships . We were barely able to fight them off . Your prey could indicate another invasion . If it does , we 're all in trouble . How many ships have you seen ? Only one . Damaged . We tracked it across 50 light - years . We thought that we had killed the creature , but this prey is unlike any other . It has many lives . Lower the force field and I will finish the hunt . Your attempt to destroy it will fail . Species 8472 is highly resistant to all technology . All but one ... Borg nanoprobes . " Nanoprobes " ? Microscopic weapons that can attack the species on a cellular level . We 've tried it before and it worked . I 'll modify the phaser rifles to fire nanoprobe discharges . I want you to incapacitate the creature , not kill it . Can you make that modification ? Yes , but it would require additional time . We must stop it as soon as possible . She 's right . Not until we know why it returned . You will be exposing this crew to unnecessary risk . I disagree . Captain ... You have your orders , Seven . Six of your vessels will be here in under four hours . I hope you 'll let them know that we saved your life and that we want to avoid any further conflict with your people . Let me resume the hunt , and I will grant your request . We have enough problems on this ship as it is without him running around . I spent six months studying this prey 's behavior . I know how to track him . Let me continue or I will have the others destroy you . Tuvok to Janeway . Go ahead . We 're holding position in Section 94 , but the creature has accessed the environmental controls . Deck 1 1 is losing life support . Artificial gravity has also been compromised . Evacuate the deck . Regroup on Deck 10 . Aye , Captain . He 's trying to barricade himself . He did the same thing to us . You want to be part of the hunt ? Now 's your chance . He 'll be under your supervision , Commander . If he steps out of line , shoot him . My weapon . Temperature gradient . Affirmative . Atmospheric recyclers . Engaged . is your body armor designed to handle rapid pressure fluctuations ? It can defeat most hostile environments . I once tracked a silicon - based life - form through the neutronium mantle of a collapsed star . I once tracked a mouse through Jefferies Tube 32 . Chakotay to Tuvok . We 're ready to go . As are we . Proceed to Deck 1 1 . Keep your com links open . Understood . Activate the nanoprobe charges . Level five should be sufficient to stun the creature . Depressurizing hatch . Magnetize . Maintain your position . He 's here . I said maintain your position . This is my hunt . I 'm at point . My knowledge of this prey is superior to yours . But you 're on unfamiliar terrain . I know this ship . You don 't . The prey will likely attack the man at point . You would not survive . I 'll take that chance . Now , fall back . No problem . I 'll take up the rear . You missed . Since Species 8472 invaded the ship , you 've become increasingly agitated . They were the only species to offer true resistance to the Borg . They destroyed millions of drones , hundreds of our worlds . I have reason to be agitated . What is it ? It 's blood . The prey is wounded . This corridor ends about 20 meters ahead . The only thing down there is Deflector Control . It 's got nowhere to run . He is not planning to run . He is waiting . He 'll attempt to slip around us , attack from behind . Chakotay to Tuvok . Tuvok here . We 've cornered the intruder in Section 59 . On our way . It 's hurt . This prey is resilient . He will strike with his dying breath . We must kill him now . That may not be necessary . Hold your fire . I said lower your weapon ! Mr. Neelix , I must ask you to exchange your spatula for a phaser rifle . Sir ? We have two intruders onboard and six Hirogen vessels on the way . I need additional security personnel . Right away , sir . What 's my assignment ? Join the security detail on Deck 10 , Section 12 . You 'll receive further instructions there . I 'll expect tactical updates every 20 min ... Lieutenant ? Are you all right ? You have your orders . Report . The Hirogen 's back in Sick Bay within a force field . And Species 8472 ? We 've established a security perimeter . Basically , we 've turned this entire section into a brig . As an added precaution , have B 'Elanna start working on a way to lock onto the creature , in case we have to beam it off the ship . You mentioned it was injured . In what way ? I wish I could tell you for certain . Its body is generating some sort bioelectric field making it impossible to scan , so I could only make a visual diagnosis . It 's conscious but immobile . Its epidermis displays any number of injuries- - punctures , energy burns- - and its demeanor is that of a wounded animal . The Hirogen said they 'd been chasing it for several months . is there anything you can do ? I don 't know enough about its physiology to treat the surface wounds , let alone any internal damage . Frankly , I 'm at a loss . Captain , just before we cornered it , Species 8472 accessed deflector control from this panel . I 've analyzed the transmission protocols . It was attempting to open a singularity into its realm , but it failed . It was trying to get home . That 's what it looks like . Tuvok ? The creature initiated telepathic contact with me . What 's it saying ? Its ship was damaged during the conflict with the Borg . When the other members of its species retreated into fluidic space ... it was left behind . It has been trapped in the Delta Quadrant ever since ... alone ... pursued by Hirogen hunting parties . It has no desire for further conflict . It only wants to return to its domain . It is dying , Captain . You have nothing to be afraid of . We 're going to help you get back to your realm . Does it understand ? It does . It will take time to open a singularity , and we have no way of treating your injuries , but if there 's anything you can tell us about your ... lt has lost consciousness . Our telepathic link has been severed . Where is my prey ? Lying at the end of a corridor on Deck 1 1 ... nearly dead thanks to you . Take me to it . No . Take me to it ! In less than three hours , your ships will arrive . By that time , Species 8472 will no longer be on Voyager . What do you mean ? I 'm sending it back where it came from . Surrender the creature to me and you will not be harmed . This isn 't a hunt ; it 's a slaughter . And I 'm calling it off right now . We will not be denied our prey . Give us the creature ... . or your crew will take its place . Tuvok ? Have Seven of Nine report to my ready room . You intend to ask her to open a rift into 8472 's realm . She 's the only one on board who knows how . Given her feelings toward the species , she may not want to cooperate . We 'll see . You wish to see me , Captain ? I 've made a decision about Species 8472 . I 'm going to return it to fluidic space . In order to do that , I need you to open a quantum singularity . I don 't believe that is a prudent course of action . I realize it may be difficult for you to help save this creature 's life , but part of becoming human is learning to have compassion for those who are suffering , even when they 're your bitter enemies . Why ? I remember when I was a Lieutenant . It was during a Cardassian border conflict . My away team was cut off while we were defending a Federation outpost . We 'd been exchanging phaser fire with a group of Cardassians for about three days- - a stalemate . One night , during a break in the fighting ... we could hear this low moaning sound coming from somewhere in the brush . We knew that none of our people were out there , so it had to be a wounded Cardassian . Well , you have to understand- - we 'd been killing each other for weeks on this planet . It was brutal . But our commanding officer decided ... that we couldn 't just sit there and listen to that poor man suffer . So he ordered me and an Ensign ... to crawl out there and bring that Cardassian back to our camp . I thought he was crazy . He was risking our lives for someone who would have shot us without hesitation . But we did it ... and the Cardassian lived . Three days later , we secured the outpost . It was a major victory . We were all decorated by Starfleet Command , but in retrospect ... the thing I 'm most proud of was the night we saved that man 's life . Explain . A single act of compassion can put you in touch with your own humanity . You are trying to justify your present decision . No . I 'm trying to help you see this as an opportunity to grow . I know you don 't want to do it , Seven , but I 'm telling you as your Captain and as your friend , you won 't regret it . No . Your decision is tactically unsound . We will be surrounded by Hirogen ships in approximately two hours . If we do not surrender the creature , they will destroy us . A lesson in compassion will do me little good if I am dead . It is wrong to sacrifice another being to save our own lives . I have observed that you have been willing to sacrifice your own life to save the lives of your crew . Yes , but that 's different . That was my choice . This creature does not have a choice . It invaded our ship , put our lives at risk to save its own . In my view , it has already forfeited its freedom . I 'm giving you an order . Report to Deflector Control and begin working on creating a singularity . I will not comply . I have agreed to remain on Voyager . I have agreed to function as a member of your crew , but I will not be a willing participant in my own destruction or the destruction of this ship . Objection noted . We 'll do this without you . You will fail . And you have just crossed the line . End of debate . Report to the cargo bay and remain there until this is over . is that understood ? Shields down to 84 percent . Return fire . Three more ships are closing from port and starboard . All escape trajectories have been cut off . Our weapons are having little effect on their hull plating . I 'm scanning for weaknesses in the molecular structure . Shields at 79 percent . They are hailing us . Better late than never . Open a channel . You 've taken our prey and one of our hunters . Surrender them . Call off your attack and we 'll return your crewman . As for your prey , it 's under our protection now . It belongs to us . It belongs to no one . Now , order your ships to withdraw and this can end peacefully . All vessels are firing . Any luck finding a crack in their armor ? Not yet . Doctor to Bridge . Species 8472 appears to be regenerating . I 'm no exobiologist , but I 'd say this fellow is becoming highly agitated . It could be sensing the Hirogen attack . Doctor , can you sedate it ? I believe so , but I 'll need another dose of Borg nanoprobes . Stand by . Bridge to Seven of Nine . Yes . Report to Deck 1 1 immediately with a supply of nanoprobes . Understood . B 'Elanna , how 's it going down there ? Transporters are ready . I can establish a lock on the creature at any time , but I still haven 't duplicated the deflector protocols to open a singularity . How long ? I need another hour ... maybe two . Captain , we can outmaneuver the Hirogen ships for a few more minutes , but beyond that ... Direct hit to the EPS manifold ! Main power just went down ! Force fields on all decks are off - line . Switch to auxiliary power . Done . Force fields have been restored , but I don 't know how long they 'll hold . Bridge to Doctor . Report . It 's all right , Captain . The creature is contained . Bridge to Sick Bay . Security respond . Security , dispatch teams to Deck 5 . The Hirogen may be loose . Direct hit to our port nacelle . Now , they 've taken out our starboard nacelle . They 've crippled us . Tuvok , divert warp power to the phaser banks . Maybe that 'll help us penetrate their hull plating . The nanoprobes ? Armed and ready . Not a moment too soon . Give me the prey . Lower your weapon or I will destroy you . I don 't think you will . You want me to destroy this creature . I saw it on your face earlier in the medical bay . It 's a look I 've seen a thousand times . Stand aside . What are you doing ? Captain , someone 's accessing the transporter system from Deck 5 . Lock them out . I can 't . They 're overriding my commands ... with Borg encryption codes . Report , Mr. Kim . 8472 and the Hirogen ... they 've been beamed to one of the attacking ships . All six vessels are moving away at high warp . Tom , can we pursue ? I 'm sorry , Captain . Warp engines are still off - line . Resume our previous course . Full impulse . Seven of Nine ? Seven of Nine . Captain 's Log , Stardate 51652 . 3 . It 's been 12 hours and our sensors show no sign of any Hirogen vessels , but their people are scattered throughout this region and something tells me that the " hunt " for Voyager is far from over . Captain . Step down , please . Seven , you disobeyed my direct orders and as a result , you condemned a sentient being to its death . By doing so , I also diverted the Hirogen attack , an attack which would have destroyed us . Maybe not . In any case , the decision wasn 't yours to make . The creature broke through the force field . I had no choice . I didn 't come here to debate your decision . I came here to inform you of the consequences . When you first came to Voyager , I decided to grant you the same liberties and freedoms of any crew member because I wanted you to be a part of this family . And I 've been willing to accommodate your ... unique way of doing things- - even when you rubbed somebody the wrong way or violated protocol . But this time , I can 't accommodate you . From this point forward , you will no longer have access to any primary systems on this ship- - not without my direct authorization . If you attempt to circumvent me , I 'll throw you in the brig . I still need your expertise in the Astrometrics Lab if you 're willing . If not , you can spend your time here in the cargo bay . is that understood ? Yes . It is puzzling . What 's that ? You made me into an individual . You encouraged me to stop thinking like a member of the collective , to cultivate my independence and my humanity . But when I try to assert that independence , I am punished . Individuality has its limits ... especially on a starship where there 's a command structure . I believe that you are punishing me because I do not think the way that you do , because I am not becoming more like you . You claim to respect my individuality , but in fact , you are frightened by it . As you were .
