 greet Lucy . is this pitcher in tips new , truth ? like this . he / she seemed like this me . good-bye . like her it deserved me in nickname S ³ oneczko ? I Scoffed Dick . this was quite good . this that I will say , this for possibly didn 't pass anybody . what does this On the one walk ? I was at rector 's office this when it was resolved was on this that will supplant dean Sumnera . I Have him / it almost trust that this you will become the new dean of Department of Art and Science . me ? ! me ? you . I will Be the new dean . you will Be the new dean . store nor word nobody . be careful like you walks ! You Have little pushed the new dean ! me you also kluseczko . I cannot wait for . Good-bye . if to himself I will see . I will lose Today of him virginity . I can come later . on this , it repairs this now . this will be night you that will remember life of they die of announcement . You Know I never forget at night when I lost virginity of as he / she has there was her in fame . in that place . - magic ! - Remain like this . this exceptional night . You what the one already Knows you will accommodate ? small . you Know what I want to say . - like you it is using fame ? - Fred . you Know what I want Freddy to say . probably like this . you always Know the Sally sex this such it is beautiful as it seems . where of can you this knows ? I don 't make This knows . Dubie is my expert . this small girl told me , that she lost virginity 14 times . moment , or this possible one ? this , but the girl has to take care about reputation . we Knew that on that day it would come once like this we wanted in order to you goes byœ previous safe . good-bye . from you statku of od innego ) it sharpens out with Mary to new office and you leave me , he / she would like to say , that I wish him / her happinesses and that never I didn 't make this is satisfied with his / her race . and now since me statku of od innego ) it sharpens out , I can say you would kiss me in my villainous ass . greet Mary . you don 't need to call me , dean . I didn 't make This name , I said greets Mary . this well because nothing changed I am still Mary . only that I acquired great promotion in dear position . like this if you wanted to call me the dean , I would understand but you don 't need this does . there now I didn 't make this name . this well . you-have Mary is amazing office . - Like this . he / she pleases Particularly me his / her new ceramic fish . - what does the one make this ? - Then present . do you Know hereinto the one what would adjust ? this ! you Have tip-top taste . I will Take the rest of my things . I will Help him / it . I smell this . and now in me . stop smelling her ! Hi Don . what do you make ? I Bought in tonight wingding . Almond balm for substance . me the Will smell as great almond . - almonds are dodre . - Like this . look in that . When to himself that blows in that if it puts highly active . do you Can approaches here ? luminous , I already go . doesn 't he / she have any venereal disease , that what ? - This ! this well . because I cannot wait tonight for , there now this so even if you know what I want to say . To return to robots ! I Evaluate that you came here , there now me for fifth the whole time is in owing ... like you to himself what does this please ? Rich , I remove day off . you-finish in 10 minutes changes . He / she I-said that I took free ! without you my office is such a null one . He / she can I will put in you new they would fill upward sofa this a little . you this can do ? luminous , only play to store-live and to say , that dean Albright that she allowed having new sofa . and does new armchair can ? luminous . and would several balls acquire more nicely ? be like this goes ! then almost unreal . my girl is the dean . I am the dean . Phelps ! I leave day . I Thank doctor Solomon . like this Ron , how there projects of my office ? Dick , I will be with you sincere . founding to himself people that will say they are not going this enters in XIV of Ludwik . ' side of s there now I for them don 't make this belongs . this well , I hate them . acquire robots , good people . what do you make ? I Flow a little more I draw . any additional portion free . really ? really . you don 't make This knows of who you raise upward . I know Unhappily . This will be enough ! thanks to being able to it radiobroadcasts me for dean the Department of Art and Science , I reduce him / it the speed ! their package raw material the princess , the walk end free , you escape of here ! there don 't have doesn 't matter . which does like this for laughter the ? when only you knew that that you ate along this time . this important . It can and I ate now this there never the on this side of the grave I stopped in me this . good morning . happy ? luminous . me also . surprise ! does this Can him this the best idea was not ? you Can him / it would want to lose virginity without family saltigrade and screaming , but I would want . the everything in of order ? like this . What in breakfast ? we are proud tray that you became woman.We He / she made like this thingamabob badge . prize for ciecie : Month " The " Worker speech ! you go Cans us something she said on the night yesterday ? good . do you Can picture these caps ? only like this ... I left ... I met Lady in ... sentry ... and here I am ! - moment ! - Girl , or didn 't you jump something ? plenty this . and it cans the virginity loss , g ³ uptasku . I am not going This speaks to him / her on this . how does it come does this ? I don 't make This knows , simply this this is not his / her subject . obviously , that ours ! we worked soon afterwards with then we are here with This . I said him / it about first time with Mary . every disgusting small detail , without consideration as I would implore even he stopped . and now his / her turn , like this conversation ! what you depend in that like this ? because : AND ) that is lewd and B ) you don 't make this wants in the saying . you don 't make this wants me to say him / it more I want this more to know him / it . you will Never discover . I want to know worse Now . walk my bed small clerk . I am not able to , me still work . there now already it is late counts . I-know . - Buziaczka of father 's need . the father is not going this acquires buziaczka , because I clear the mess that he / she still did of Lucy . Ah that . - she accommodated a claim . I-had to exempt her , she offended our authority . our authority ? you don 't have authority , this I am the dean this you . me . Me the dean . you the boy . with only morning you will convince her she run again . how does it come I have this to do ? you are amazing . you left Strudwickowi First to arise , and you put rug later in staminate bucket . such an ecological one was . I am exactly the dean day of jeden and thank you you rector 's sie for me already arrested . in order . In that case you depend forest subject of Lucy . I Thank . if you will come now my bed kluseczko ? this . This there morning will was now sees was at office . well . Good-night . my room . like this you sleep in sofa . guess once again ! in this case hotel room . light his / her ass and out ! end of this ! I leave ! I threw away Alone you ! be permitted to turn , I ask . - acquire out ! - End of this ! I leave ! / area diary / I am such a lost one / I was all always able to THE saying / like this I begin . / last night ... / last night ... Don and me / us what you such an unbearable one is ? as you come is not going this leaves me inside quiet ! like you he / she does think , that what Don the one of her did ? I don 't make This knows . there now time probably loud they would find him / it and digging bottom . - ch ³ opaki of Hi . - License for girls this conversation Don . like this . did you Think that we would not discover ? Did you Think that we would not conjecture ? this was stupid . which became ? If Sally that nothing is ? He / she is desperate ! and do we want to know how it comes does ? her - what did that say you ? - Anything ! and on this there is little bed . - like this where of you he / she knows that something became ? - Because everything talks us about you . - like you it dresses cap . Like you - tea of drink . - like you he / she smiled . - Like you it turns off screw keys . - this . This . This . - Like this ! everything Speaks to us ! And you don 't can us this object diffused behind ! I would Never harm her . I Make her loves . like this ? As well as blackheads he / she doesn 't swim bill ? I don 't make This knows his / her subject then . as well as it comes does ? ! good . We will be in his / her way . there now store we observed him / it . 24 hour daily . did I Think that they would go to the pictures ? Lucy , I ask . I sit down . I Called him / it here because probably some small mistake dropped inside . you somehow returned impression , that I exempted him / it . when you said : raw material of Package the princess , walk end free ? don 't do counts , that this mistake it is completely his / her lack . stop screwing doktorku . you Want in order to me would resign complaint in order for you not to go he / she needs excuse Radio . poor thing . he / she probably pressed potatoes beat him / it cephalad . what does make he / she ? listen . Things happened , which can them should not happen . I don 't make This wants anybody to judge . there now we processed for certainly to reach an agreement when you will alter his / her attitude completely . this to alter fly attitude for you . good ! I tried to give a chance the subsequent , there now you destroyed her ! Out ! You are free ! you don 't can exempts me . You don 't make This to tolerate such swinging . - or don 't I really have ? - This , you don 't have . and you never had . or this this truth is not ? I Ask for earthquake , I ask . God will forgive , I have to play to advocated . do you want like this me to write out with his / her will ? I can make the same . I write out you ! there now I have przejebane . I Worried . Anything you are ? I was Never happier . she Wanted I go can with this cheerful . there now I am not able to because I am also busy madness ! what does make he / she ? this for it goes ... you Know as that is when do you buy some high pins ? continue . and they are excellent , everything counts like this you want this to buy even you and in end he / she has and he / she does for love this , they are ideal and incredibly comfortable there now you n finish mat , the one that I did , I am now such a high one and that additional whole world is full fans and fans and everything whatwo no if I feel of this piece of advice ? you are such a high one , that you can take jump of plane shoe . I didn 't make this to wake up that that Probably will result make the virginity loss lit my mastication ? loss of his / her virginity ! on cholerka ! didn 't you know ? this . I am honoured that this was me . from you never of anybody was you cannot evaluate that completely that I was splendid . I Can represents me . you Have the lucky girl Sally . the fortunate girl . I Know then I want this to let off steam in vociferations of mountain apex , there now as I returned me could not say anybody . nothing harms . and did you say anybody ? luminous , a lot of people . there now this was months this . there now this we made whenas ? obviously , that this ! To whom do you be careful me ? this is only the information for clubmans Sallly and Lady . and it is alone two dicks . you and me ? me and you . - can Tommy unite ? - This ! this well . Because like him he / she would discover another on this any one this on top of-ripe our subjects would be and he / she doesn 't make this wants me this . never to himself it is not going like this this gets up . I please am that we spoke . directly he / she will want to speak you have to be . I like to go for bed with Times and leaving conversation for you . do you like like this to listen ? like this . - really ? - Like this . - really ? - Like this . this well because I will speak below you in death . speeches for me Don . Tell to me ! this subjects the fool then . It is really . as well as it comes does to himself you of him happen ? to get to know pleasant somebody Hard . don 't do counts Any thing . like this you will resign action and will you run in tavern ? did I pass that soon afterwards that there ? I will Never be already she could work at tavern . how does it come does ? I Fear . good , what do you want ? what do you make here ? I run for gentleman again . and care is had , that earlier you didn 't make this is satisfied with my race only wait for lapse of the pen and lost messages that should acquire . YOU ! me In the one what can help ? I Have was seen with Mary . this so fast , doktorku . He / she is very busy . He / she sits down and wait for his / her railroad . Lucy , any one is this he / she says that I am busy . Mary this me ! say that I know that this that is . you Have to wait . can he / she acquire waters a little ? - This . and does it can of soup of pumpkins and tight potatoes ? this ! to can this funny subject . until-Stephen as eraser pencil . Mary tolerates swinging , I have Mary I should tolerate balances mathematically . there now turns out , that the only power I have that that then cardinality of fastening of her in rage . that that and this yes to can quite good . it is sometimes to emit well to can . really ? like this , I always have this to be the skillful Lieutenant I can emit in somebody that hands examine with times . I In tedy am such an abandoned one . tell us more . this . that is own it will prove . He / she seemed me that we had her now .
