 Distinguished Flying Cross . Air force , right ? I believe it was my father 's . His name up here ? I don 't know what war he served in . Never knew him . All these names ¡ ­ I wonder how many never had the chance to know their sons and daughters ? Too many . Well , at least you know your old man had too been a hero in Vietnam . cherish him , and his memory . Excuse me , did you know my father ? There her again ! You have seen Mark Clements , Bravo company ? Do you know her ? Oh , she has been coming here for ten years trying to get her father 's name on the wall . ... in seventy-one or seventy-two ? - Army rangers ? - I 'm sorry . I ... Well , if her father died in the war , shouldn 't his name be on the wall ? Only heroes that will be here . Madam , you have been warned about doing this . I 'm sorry you 'll have to come with us . Oh , O ... Ok , Wait ! Please ! See , this is not even fair . My father 's name belongs up there . It belongs on the wall . - I 'm sorry . - Ok . There are pretends among us . Genuises with the ability to become anyone they want to be . In 1963 , a corporation known as the Centre isolated a young Pretender named Jarod , and exploited his genius for their research . Then one day , the pretender ran away ... THE PRETENDER Season 2 Episode 7 Collateral Damage YTET PRESENTS DICTATION : ± ¿ ± ¿ / ´ Ð ´ Ð Tonight on " Battle Zone " a tragic story of a treason and a betrayal in Vietnam , reported by Jordan Brock . Toe Popper , a clock will turn by pressure-activated land mines . You step on one , you will hear a CLICK . You step off , and it 's the last sound you 'll ever hear . Army intelligent 's just reeling from the discovery that Private First Class Mark Clements was selling classified information to the Viet Cong . It was on this butt , on top one of these mines , that Private Clements dark ... treason came to an end . With discovery of top secret documents on his body , Clements ' platoon leader , Lieutenant Prentiss McLaren was a witness . Mark Clements was like a brother . I would lay down my life for him . Then you find out he 's a traitor . What makes the man cross that line ? I don 't know . He let everyone down . Come here ! This is one of the local kid ... as a unit mascot . He lives on the base . He saw the all . Mark meet with Viet Cong . I hear CLICK . I hear explosion . Mark was my friend . I watch Mark dying . This is Jordan Brock reporting . Keep your eyes open , people ! Anybody see them ? It 's up there somewhere . Keep moving ! Keep moving ! I had moved in this tree line ! Padia ? Tree line . I 've got him . Where are you ? Damn . Where the hell are you ? I believe you dropped this , sir . How did I drop and where did you learn the camouflage so well ? I had a lot of practice in ... , sir . Fantastic ! watch the whole thing on the ... Those helmet cameras , - What do you call them ? - Tactical Aniscopic Cameras . TACs . What they are going to do for you which CNN did for Desert Storm . Give us all the taste what it 's like to be Rambo . - Ram who ? - Cute ! And if the multiple TACs can document in a real incursion , Capitole here will be bent over backwards to find you missions get in the clearing . That 's the idea . I need some comparative analyses and figures for Congressman Stanfield who 've got to borrow in the property of the RD funds Well done ! You are a ... whistle . Lieutenant Jarod Patton . Master Sergent Rob Hancock , Staff Sergeant Elizabeth Padia . Watch out for her . She looks nice . But she bites like a pit-ball . And lieutenant , welcome to operation " Dust-off " . A joint mission with the Colombian military to infiltrate and destroy narcotics processing factories . ... cover the major shipping of coke ... on a ... factory in Cartagena - owned by ... - Esteban Largo . You are all on alert so wear you pagers 24-7 . - Dad ? - Yeah . - Am I supposed to be here ? - Oh , sure . We are going to have great fun . Look , here . Come on , you sit down . Right here . You have Barbie . That 's fun , huh ? You can color . So all you have to do is just sit here and be really really quiet until it 's time to go home . And then , we 'll have great fun . Broots . Ah . Or not . Did I miss the memo on daycare ? The sitter has got the German Measles . Debbie 's godmother is on a particular treat . I had no other choice . It 's called the Yellow Pages . in for baby-sitter . I would never leave my daughter alone to someone that I don 't know . I 'm sorry . but she 's staying here with me . That 's ok with you . Just make sure that miss murphy stays out of my way . Broots . Ah , Mr. Raines . Yes , sir . I love Miami . Ok . Right away . Jarod has penetrated the data base of the Miami office . Mr. Raines wants me to go down there and do a immediate mainframe inventory . Sydney . Could you help me out with Debbie ? Sorry , Broots . But I am supervising three sets of twins ... Do not even think of about it . Oh , come on . It is a day , maybe two days tops . I don 't do mummy . No , I know Miss Parker . It might help you process on resolving child issues . Never end with you dessert ! You owe me big . I ... I owe you huge ! Thank you . Thank you . Jell-O ? - And it is a dessert ? - Like you ... a lot in school , remember ! Actually my food was brought to me . You did feed yourself , didn 't you ? For the most part . Oh , if the gelatine is soft , the pineapple chunks into the bottom . But if it is too hard , they 'll just lie there on top . My guess will be have to wait for the proper viscosity to actually add the chunk . - Is that the captain ? - Yeah . That 's him battled in Vietnam . His glory days . You know what I miss the most about that war ? My hair . Bravo Company . ( Who Nhon . ) Do you still keep in touch with the men ? One that still alive : Barney Stanfield . Congressman Stanfield . I used to bark a little ground around and now he 's in charge of my appropriations ! If you don 't mind , I took it deliberately writing down the comparative analysis report of the TAC systems that Congressman Stanfield may have requested . I compared four Japanese manufacturers with two Minnesota based companies . Conclusions ? Buy American . Padia ! Bring this up to Capital ... If you don 't mind , captain ? I would like to take this to the Congressman myself . I 've never been that close to the real seed of power . Just so we understant each other . These are the house rules . No running , no playing . No feet on the furniture . And no noise , which includes both crying and whining . Be invisible , we will get along just fine . Your clothes is so pretty . And no touching my stuff , especially my clothes . What ? Hold on , Sydney . - What are you doing ? - Nothing ! I told you to stay out of my things and I mean it . Congressman Stanfield , I have the technical report from captain McClaren . - How is this veteran ? - Still bald sir ! I like this guy . I am ... Congressman Leon Beckwith , eleven district Louisiana . You chaired the Vietnam memorial walls up committed that Congressman Stanfield sits on . - You are registered to vote or some ? - No , Sir . But I did help manipulated in Nixon lands line in 1972 . I really like you guy . - Nice meeting you . - You as well , sir . May I help you to appreciate a good cigar ? Yes , sir ! - Santiago Caribe . - Private reserve . You got to know somebody to get to hold one of these . Sir , Denise Clements is here again . Shall I call security ? Ah , no , no , no . Ah , send her in . Is there a problem ? A tragedy ! And it won 't go away , I 'm afraid . Please , stay . Sorry to show up without an appointment . I have two daughters of myself , Denise . I only hope that they love me half as much as you do your father . Please sit down . Congressman , I talked to a Corporal Ethington from a hundred and eighty-fifth who knew a man named Duke . As you know , My father wrote a letter about a GI named Duke , who was helping him to catch the traitor , not act this one . So if it is the same Duke , I believehe he can help me clean my father 's name . Miss Clements , we 've talked about this letter many times . But it 's circumstantial evidence regardless of what this Duke person has to say . If you can bring him into the next-stop committee meeting , I 'll see to what you heard . Thank you . Her father served with you in Bravo Company ? Yes . Mark Clements was the last man you would find who turned out to be a traitor . She just won 't let go what she wants to believe . Someone once said that old soldiers never die . They simply fade away . But I don 't think that the same can be said about the memory . I think it grows stronger . Who are you ? Someone who doesn 't believe that your father was a traitor . My name is Jarod . This must be very difficult for you . It 's all that I 've ever known . Wasn 't until after I buried my mother , that I realised , how important it was to get his name up there . If I give up , there 's just got the saying he 's guilty , and I know he wasn 't . This is the last letter my father wrote home , back in seventy-two . ' ' Duke found out one of our guys ' selling secrets to Charlie . If I find out who , God help him . " So you think the real traitor discovered that your father was on to him , framed him . No one believes me . I believe you . I want you to tell me what 's wrong with each of these pictures . The chimney is missing there . The door is upside down there . The bench is missing at post there . And , the address numbers are inverted there . Look closely , Jarod . The sun shadow of the wood stack , It 's mis-directed at all and I missed it . Most people would , Jarod , Their eyes can only see the obvious . But to maximize your gift , your eyes must see everything . Mark was my friend . I watch Mark dying . Mark dying . I watch Mark dying . Le Xuan Duc , Duke . Hello , Duke . Broots , what do you mean it 's going to take longer than you thought ? Well , I 'm trying ... Do you mind ? - How 's Debbie ? - She 's fine . See , it 's me that you should be worried about . I 'll be back as soon as I can . Mama , show me how to break my hair . Did you get it ? We will open it after school , okay ? You have very pretty hair . - Would you break mine like that ? I have things to do . How did you get to be so mean ? I was born that way . No , you weren 't . You wanna be rich ? Of course you do ! And I am here to show you how to get rich quick . With my new video , see this , how to get rich quick ! My name Lenny Duke . I come to your country in tiny boat . and now I own big boat ! American dream , number one ! End , cut it ! Perfect , Lenny . Let 's lunch ! You know , I 've got a table reserved over the woodbeach club . If you get to join me ? I don 't think so . Excuse me . Mr. Duke ? I am a really big fan of your work . Um , 89.95 plus what brings you here. they 'll put you on the road to the American Dream . What a dream it is ! A young Vietnamese boy emigrating to American with nothing and building this empire . Hey , as a matter of fact , you remind me this little boy I saw on this old news report . About this GI and Vietnam . who died as the legend traitor . What was his name ? Oh , yes . Mark Clements ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Return to base . Oh , sorry to bother you . Have a nice day . Operation " Dust-Off " . You are two hours from your Colombian target . Good luck . They have no idea we are in here . Well , they are about to find out . " Dust Off Tac " Esteban Largo had to be furious of your handy work . Well done , Lieutenant . I am proud to be involved , sir . Hope again you can appreciate the fine cigars ? It is Santiago Caribe . Yes , sir . Thank you , sir . About to show me on TV . He 's never giving me one of these special cigars , and I like cigars . - What are you doing ? - Do you notice anything ? C-4 has a hell over kick ! There wasn 't enough debris . There was nothing inside that factory . There 's drums , burned powder , lab equipment . Yes . But enough to process a hundred tons of coke paste ? What are you saying ? That 's somebody tipped off Esteban Largo that we are coming . He moves everything out , and leaves just enough evidence behind , so we think we make a big hit . Who would do that ? With the destruction of this cocaine factory , another battle has been won in the war agaisnt drugs . This is Captain McClaren , master man of the operation " Dust-off " . Santiago Caribe . Private reserve . You have to know somebody who gets the hold of these . " Search For : Santiago Caribe Cigars " " Search Results : Importacion Cartegena , S.A. " " Primary Stock Holders " " Search For : Importacion Cartegena , S.A. ; Primary Stock Holders " " Name : Esteban Largo " Wow . I guess he really do know somebody . Alright , let 's move this along . Next ! Private First Class Mark S. Clements . As you 've said , ... you have new line to share on this matter ? Yes , I do . A corporal in the one hundred and eighty-fifth division ... Sorry , Miss . You said ? It 's about Duke , the man refers to my father 's letter ... This Duke , is he here to testify ? I wasn 't able to find him , sir . But my father was not a traitor . If you would please listen ? Miss Clements , have you had the new line to share on this matter ? No , sir . But as I was saying if you can just give me a little bit more time ... I 'm sorry . But you haven 't let me explain ! Pushing ! Why won 't you people listen to me ? Miss Clements . I 'm sorry to have to tell you this , but to be perfectly blunt , your father 's name will never go up on that wall . Now , please . We have other matters to address . You are giving up ? I am facing the facts . Maybe I cannot find Duke because there is no Duke . And maybe there isn 't I cannot find any evidence on my father 's defence . because it doesn 't exist .. And maybe it doesn 't exist because my father was ... When I was little , I was taken from my family . I do not know who they are . Who my father is . All I have is this . It 's the only connection that I have to him . But I will never give up searching for him , for my family . Do not give up on your family . I do not have the strength to do this alone any more . You are not alone . I have been awake for over 90 hours . Yeah , in the same room with you , that is a record . Sydney , you got to help me out with this kid take off my hands . Have a sim or something , I don 't care . - She 's only a child . - She doesn 't listen ! She 's always in my things . I can 't even take a step without a nipping at my heel . She 's like a chihuahua ! She says about her finding of your mother 's gift . Broots called . He feels very concerned about his daughter 's wellbeing . Well , it 's time he started showing a little concern about mine . She do like in annoying me . Debbie is not trying to annoy you , she 's trying to be like you . She unconsciously senses that you both share a similarity of maternal abandonment . Are you incapable of having a normal conversation ? It is her adaptive coping mechanism . She senses how you came through it . And it gives her hope that she too some day might come through it . which is why you need to let this relationship flourish . You know it would be really nice if once you can take my side on something . It 's not about sides , Parker . It 's about the best interest of the child . By projecting your anger on little Debbie , you 've displaced the anger with yourself as a little girl . And why am I so angry about Dr. Spock ? It 's that you feel responsible for your mother 's death . Leave me alone ! Mum . " Barney Stanfield Account Records " " Prentiss McLaren Account Records " Oh , remember , this is only infomercials You want to be rich , you want big house , fast car ? Beautiful girls ? Of course you do ! I watch Mark dying . Mark was my friend . - My ... - What the hell is going on ? I watch my friend dying . Mark was my friend . I watch ... my friend dying . - Technical difficulties . - Who the hell are you ? Someone who wants to know the truth . Why did you corroborated the story ? - Did McClaren threaten to kill you or your family ? - you don 't know what you 're talking about . I know ... Stanfield tipping off the drug lord about the raids and exchange for cash . I figure if they are doing it now , they were doing it back then . - You don 't know what you asking me to do . - I understand why you lied for him . You were just a little boy . McClaren offers you freedom from the ... of the war . You back his story on national TV , and he puts you and your family on a boat to the states . It was ... a plane . What ? McClaren helped my family escaped on a plane . and I only said it 's a boat on commercial for dramatic fact . The war ended for you . Help me end it for Denise Clements . I was cleaning McClaren 's tent . and I saw some documents marked classified . I knew something wasn 't right so I told Mark . He said he had to catch McClaren at the act of passing the documents to the enemy before he could accuse him for treason . So that night , we followed McClaren into a clearing . - It 's north of the camp ... - But it was a set-up . McClaren knew that Clements was on to him and wanted him to follow . Because he had put land mines up there . Clements hear the CLICK when he step on the Toe Popper ? Yes , I hear the CLICK . But it wasn 't mark step on the mine . You ? Mark transferred his weight on the pressure fuse so I could move off . - He took your place on the mine . - That 's when McClaren stepped out of the jungle . He knew that Clements would never step off that mine . So he shot him . But he didn 't die right away . McClaren watched him bleeding to death . And planted the classified documents on him , made Clements like a traitor . I can still hear the CLICK . I feel the heat of the explosion . You think the war is over ? It will never be over for me . Excuse me , sir . This just arrived from Congressman Stanfield 's office . " Cover Blown Meet Me On Training Course ASAP " Is everything alright , sir ? Ah . Is everything alright , sir ? Ah . Yeah , everything 's fine . I 'm sorry . I can come back later . No , come in . Are you sure ? Sit here . Just do something with your hair , ok ? I am sorry that I got angry before . It 's just ... That present was giving to me by my mother and ... no one has touched but me for a very very long time . Why haven 't you opened it ? I am not sure . I wanted to do it about a thousand times . But ... it was so perfect ... The paper that she used and the way she tied the ribbon , it 's very much of my mother . Your mummy died , didn 't she ? Yes . The day she gave me that present . I would not have opened it either . Why ? Because if you did , there will never be anything else for your mummy to give you . I think it 's time . My mother loved this book . She wanted to read it with me . Little women . What 's it about ? A little girl named of Jo . Is she happy ? Let 's find out . " Chapter One : Playing Pilgrims " " ' Christmas won 't be Christmas without any present , ' Grumbled Jo lying on the rug . " " ' So dreadful to be poor , ' sighed Meg , looking ... down at her dress . " " ' I don 't think it 's fair for some girls have plenty of pretty things and other girls have nothing at all . ' Added little Amy with angel snuff . " " ' We 've got father and mother and each other . ' Said Beth contently by the conner . " " The four young faces ... " " Jo says sadly : " We haven 't got father " and shall not have him for a long time " She didn 't say perhaps never " but each silently added thinking of father far away where the fighting was ... " Barney ? Barney , where the hell are you ? Oh . That 's not a good sound . Jarod , Oh , thank God ! Am I glad to see you . You don 't look so good , captain ? I am standing on a land mine ! I 'd better go and get someone who can disarm it . How long can you stand there ? As long as it takes . Well , I guess anyone could if they knew what would happen after they step off it . That must have been why you had shot Mark Clements after one that he was standing on . And that 's why I 'm going to have to shoot you . What the hell is going on here ? What really happened in Qi Nhon , captain ? If I were you , I would talk to me . Or the next bullet might not be a blink . Army in tower suspected a traitor on here . So you killed Clements and then you framed him . And tell head men you and Stanfield , you are in the clear . We did what we had to do . You 'd got a business to run , selling secrets to the highest bidder . Tell me something , captain . Is greed so addictive that you can kill an innocent man ? You couldn 't just kill him . You had to destroy him . You stripped him of his honor . And you left his little girl another war to fight . It 's your word against mine . Nobody doubted me before , you really think anybody is going to doubt me now ? Thanks to this helmet camera , it is not just my words . It 's yours too . Game up . Lieutenant , you disarm this mine , now ! I am your commanding officer ! Not technically . You see , I am not really in the army . But if it makes you feel any better , I won 't shoot you in the leg like you shot Clements . I will aim ... higher . No . No . Do not wet your pants , sir . It 's jell-o . It 's a dessert . Yummy . Hello . What happened to you ? Well . We went shopping . Do you have a problem with that ? Honey ? Where did you get all these stuff ? Moving Miss Parker , her business . She is a good kid . Always take care of her . Or I will hunt you down and kill you ? Understand ? I ... I think so . You read it all . Promise ? I promise . Come on , kiddo . " Collateral Damage " End Dictation : ± ¿ ± ¿ / ´ Ð ´ Ð YTET PRESENTS
