 Captain 's Log , Stardate 48579.4 . The crew has been scanning constantly for anomalies that might help us shorten our journey home . Ensign Kim has reported an exciting discovery- - a subspace disturbance which may be a wormhole . Let 's see what you have , Mr. Kim . There . It 's registering only on subspace bands . We don 't even have it on long-range sensors yet . Verteron emanations . Tunneling secondary particles . It certainly looks like a wormhole . But is it stable enough for us to enter , and if it is , where does it lead ? There is , of course , a 7 5 percent chance that a wormhole will not lead to the Alpha Quadrant . Very true , but you can also say there 's a one in four chance it will . Those aren 't bad odds . Any analysis yet , Ensign ? Too far away . We 'd have to be within 1,000 kilometers to get a detailed analysis , but that would mean a significant course change . Well , Mr. Kim , if there 's even the possibility of finding a wormhole , I think we can afford a detour . Lieutenant ... input the coordinates and change course . Aye , Captain . And may I suggest , if this works , we petition the Federation Astronomical Committee to officially designate this " The Harry Kim Wormhole . " Captain , we 're approaching the coordinates of the wormhole . On screen . Are we in visual range ? Affirmative , Captain , and the anomaly is still registering on subspace bands . Sensors also indicate it 's there . Magnify . lncrease to highest magnification . If that 's a wormhole , it must be the smallest one on record . Mr. Kim , are you able to analyze it ? Aye , Captain . It 's virtually microscopic . The aperture is only about 30 centimeters in diameter . I guess it 's a little too small for us to fly through . However ... it might be large enough to act as a conduit for a message . That 's right . It could carry a compressed data transmission to Federation space in minutes . We still have to find out if it goes anywhere near the Alpha Quadrant . Can you trace its subspace bearing ? I can 't get any directional readings at all . The aperture is too small . I recommend we launch a microprobe into the wormhole . Agreed . Do it , Lieutenant . Aye , Captain . We 're receiving telemetry . It doesn 't look like any wormhole I 've ever studied . Microscopic gravitational eddies , extremely constricted spatial dimensions ... The pathway is barely wider than the probe itself . I think what we 're seeing is a wormhole in an advanced state of decay . It must be ancient . Probably been collapsing for centuries . Does that mean we can 't send a message through it ? No , I can do it . Maybe it 'll take longer to get through , but the wormhole 's still stable enough to carry a transmission . Any idea yet where that message would end up , Ensign ? I 'll try extrapolating the verteron exit vector . No , I can 't get it . There 's a strange phase variance in the radiation stream . We 'll have to wait until the probe exits . That shouldn 't take long . Captain , I 'm getting a distorted energy reading . The probe 's telemetry has changed . It 's stuck . Stuck ? It 's mired in a gravitational eddy , and because the wormhole 's in a state of collapse , those eddies are incredibly dense . That probe will never break free , Captain , and we 'll have no way of finding out where the wormhole ends . Let 's give it some time . Maybe it will work itself loose . Captain . What is it , Ensign ? Our probe ... was just scanned . There 's ... there 's somebody on the other side of the wormhole . It started acting up a couple of days ago . I 've been working out in the gym . Maybe I overdid it . Is it sore here ? Yes . Localized tenderness to the ulnar bone , no epidermal damage , moderate edema . What are the possible diagnoses ? Epicondylitis , strained ligament , torn muscle , and hairline fracture . That 's exactly right . I 've studied all the material you gave me . I 'm ready for more . Good . There 's a great deal more for you to learn . The tricorder indicates this is a small stress fracture . Can this guy do everything a real doctor does ? Yes , he can . Activate it , and direct the beam here . That 's it . Not quite so fast . If I had to get treatment for something serious- - if I needed surgery , for instance- - would he be performing it ? Of course , and quite expertly , too . I don 't know . I 'd have to think twice about that . Fine . And if you were lucky , you wouldn 't die on the table while you were making up your mind . That should do it . How does it feel ? Not bad . Thanks . Doctor , did you notice how rudely that officer treated you ? No more so than most . You mean others act that way , too ? Let 's just say , I 've become accustomed to being treated like a hypospray . Now , here 's some material on first aid for burns . Doctor , I think I 'd like to do more than study first aid . I 'd be interested in knowing more about anatomy and physiology . You 're intellectually curious . I like that . These deal with human anatomy and physiology , but they weren 't written for the layman . They 're quite technical . I understand . I 'll do my best . And I really appreciate your help . We 've analyzed the data . So far , our sensors have detected four separate scans of the microprobe- - each one on a progressively narrower band . Someone on the other end of that wormhole is definitely interested in that probe . We cannot preclude the possibility that there is a microscopic entity within the wormhole , curious about an intruder . That 's possible , but you 'd think our probe would have detected something like that . What 's the condition of the probe now ? I 've been monitoring it from Engineering . It 's still embedded in the gravitational eddy , but within 72 hours , it will be crushed . But until then , it should continue to transmit telemetry . If we 're reading scans from the other side , it 's possible the probe is acting as a relay . If that 's true , we should be able to use it to transmit a message to whoever is executing the scan . Yes . I can modify our subspace communications band to accept the probe as a booster . Let 's try it , Mr. Kim . I 'll give you a hand . I fear Mr. Kim 's exuberance may turn into an equally intense disappointment if his efforts prove in vain . You may be right , but I 'd rather assume that he 's going to be successful . Okay , I 've boosted power to the communications bandwidth . Now , all we have to do is reconfigure the signal generator so it 's compatible with the probe 's long-range sensors . I 'm on it . Just a few minutes more . This has to work . It 'll mean so much to people back home to know we 're alive and headed for Federation space . We haven 't been gone that long . People won 't give up on us so soon . They probably just think we 're lost . It 's still going to be hard on my folks . I always called them once a week , even when I was on my training missions . I 've never been out of contact for so long . Well , it is going to work , Starfleet , so pretty soon they 're going to know you 're all right . How about you ? Any family ? I haven 't seen my father since I was five . He and my mother separated . He went back to Earth , and , um , that was the last I saw of him . And your mom ? I think she 's on the Klingon Homeworld . You think ? We didn 't get along very well . Okay . The signal generator should be tuned to the probe 's long-range sensors . Isn 't there anyone back home who 'd be worried about you ? The Maquis are as close to family as I 've ever had . Most of my friends are here on the ship , so ... no . There 's no one back home who 's going to care one way or another whether I 'm alive . We 're ready to transmit . Engineering to Bridge . Janeway here . We have a communications link with the microprobe . We 're going to try sending a preliminary test signal- - a series of sub-harmonic pulses . They stand the best chance of transmission through the wormhole . Acknowledged . Proceed . Aye , Captain . I 'm reading transmission of the test signal . The probe has received it and relayed it . How will we know if the signal reaches somebody ? The only way ... is if that somebody answers . There 's no response . It 's too soon . Remember , we have no idea how long it takes to reach the other side . Are you reading anything , Mr. Tuvok ? Negative , Captain . There is nothing that would suggest a response . Even if someone receives our signal , it might take them some time to figure out how to return it . You 're right . Janeway to Kim . Continue transmitting . Aye , Captain . How long should we keep it up ? Until I tell you otherwise . You have the Bridge , Commander . Captain . Mr. Tuvok . I 'm getting something , Captain . I 'm getting it , too . A subspace signal relayed through the probe . That signal is being transmitted at exactly the same frequency and amplitude as our signal . It 's a response . Someone received our transmission , and sent one back . And their signal originated in the ... Alpha Quadrant . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Encouraged by his success in transmitting a signal to the Alpha Quadrant , Mr. Kim is investigating the possibility of establishing a voice link with whoever is at the other end of the wormhole . Come in . Kes , this is a surprise . Am I interrupting ? Not at all . I was just going to have a cup of soup . Would you like anything ? Uh , spinach juice with a touch of pear , please . Tom Paris introduced me to it . It 's very nutritious . I 'm sure . Computer , one spinach juice with a touch of pear , and one cup of vegetable bouillon . What can I do for you ? If there were a member of the crew whose needs weren 't being met , would you want to know about it ? Of course . Kes , do you and Neelix feel that your needs are being ignored ? Of course not . We 're very happy here . I 'm referring to the Doctor . The Doctor ? I don 't understand why people treat him the way they do . How do people treat him ? As though he doesn 't exist . They talk about him while he 's standing right there . They ignore him , they insult him . Well , as a matter of fact , I 've been hearing the other side of the coin . Many of the crew have complained that the Doctor is brusque , even rude- - that he lacks any bedside manner . We 've been talking about reprogramming him . You can do that ? It doesn 't seem right . Kes , he 's only a hologram . He 's your Medical Officer . He 's alive . No , he 's not . He 's self-aware . He 's communicative . He has the ability to learn . Because he 's been programmed to do that . So because he 's a hologram , he doesn 't have to be treated with respect , or any consideration at all ? Very well . I 'll look into it . Thank you , Captain . Okay , we 'll be ready to go on line in a couple minutes . I 'm still worried about the gravitational interference . I don 't think the covariant isolator will be effective with a vocal transmission . Let 's try inverting the narrow band filter . Progress report , Ensign . I think we 're ready to give it a try , but we 're pushing through some pretty heavy gravitational interference . I can 't guarantee the clarity of the transmission . Let 's see what happens . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . Do you read ? I 'll narrow the filter band-pass some more . Try again , Captain . This is Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Ship Voyager . Is anyone receiving this communication ? ... vessel ... Narrow the band-pass a little more . Try again , Captain . This is Janeway . Please repeat your last transmission . ... cargo vessel Quadrant your location . Cargo vessel , we 're still trying to clear up your last transmission . Please repeat one more time . I am Captain of the Cargo Vessel Talvath . Location Alpha Quadrant , sector 1385 . What is your location ? We are in the Delta Quadrant , but since this Quadrant hasn 't been charted , I can 't specify our exact location . Please confirm . You said Delta Quadrant ? Correct . In a Federation starship ? Yes . We were on a mission and we got pulled into this Quadrant . Pulled in ? How ? It 's a complicated story . Please , if you would just try deconstructing the phase shift of our hailing frequency , you can verify . You are undoubtedly still in the Alpha Quadrant . What are your coordinates ? I assure you I am telling you the truth . We are in the Delta Quadrant , 70,000 light-years from you . This is preposterous . You are obviously lying . I am terminating communication . No . No , wait . Kim , hail him again . No response , Captain . Why would he have broken off transmission ? Perhaps I can offer an explanation . The com-link signature of his transmission indicates the message originated from a Romulan ship . Further , there are no known shipping lanes in the sector he identified . Given the precise calibration of his signal , I would suggest that he is in fact on board a science vessel . Why would he pretend to be a cargo captain ? If he 's engaged in some kind of secret research , he might want to conceal that fact . Precisely . And when we claimed to be transmitting from the Delta Quadrant- - an impossibility so far as he knows- - he may have feared we were Federation spies . Just our luck . We raise one ship from the Alpha Quadrant and it has to be Romulan . That Romulan still has the ability to get a message to Starfleet . Mr. Kim , hail the Talvath repeatedly . Call me the minute you reestablish contact . Commander , you have the Bridge . Aye , Captain . Computer , initiate emergency medical holographic program . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . There is no emergency , Doctor . Well ... that 's good . I was right in the middle of preparing a culture to test Lieutenant Hargrove for Arethian flu when Ensign Kyoto deactivated me . I 'm sure she didn 't realize you were busy . What is it you wanted , Captain ? Actually , I thought we might just ... talk for a moment . About what ? Doctor , you were originally programmed to serve in a limited fashion during an emergency . Now you 're being asked to do much more . That 's certainly true . I 'm providing full-time medical service for the entire ship 's crew , functioning as both doctor and nurse and now as an instructor as well . You don 't have the luxury of thinking of yourself as an emergency medical program anymore . You 've become a full-fledged member of the crew . I see . Are you suggesting that I be reprogrammed ? No . I 'm asking if there 's anything I can do ... to help you . Help me ? If there 's anything you need or want , I 'd like to see that you get it . What I 'd like is to be turned off when people leave . I spend hours here with absolutely nothing to do . When someone does remember to deactivate me , they do so without asking if it 's convenient . It 's extremely irritating . What if I gave you control ... over your deactivation sequence ? I beg your pardon ? I 'm sure we can make it possible for you to turn yourself off , or to prevent being turned off . I ... I might like that . I 'll have someone look into it . Anything else ? I 'm not sure . I 'll have to give it some thought . You do that . Kim to Captain Janeway . Janeway here . Captain , we 've got him back- - the Romulan . Good work . Put him through to my quarters . This is Kathryn Janeway . This is the Cargo Vessel Talvath . Thank you for answering our hail , Captain . What is your name ? How may I address you ? I 'd prefer not to give my name . Very well . I understand that you must have been skeptical when I told you where we are . I hope you 've been able to verify our position . My analysis of your hailing frequency seems to indicate that it originates in the Delta Quadrant , but I am not precluding the possibility that you 've been able to create that illusion somehow . To what end ? I 'm not sure , but that doesn 't negate the possibility . How can I assure you of my truthfulness ? You say you are a Federation ship . Are you a Starfleet vessel ? Yes , we are . And your mission in the Delta Quadrant ? Our mission was originally in the Alpha Quadrant . We were pulled against our will to our present location . Now we 're trying to get home . Aren 't you in fact Starfleet spies on a surveillance mission ? Captain , I understand your concern . Naturally , the Romulan Empire doesn 't want Starfleet spying on its science vessels , but since we 're 70,000 light-years from Romulan space , and a subspace message to Starfleet would take years , I think you have to admit that we can 't be much of a threat to you . You have nothing to fear from us . Soothing words , Captain , but they are only words . If we were spies , we wouldn 't be asking what I 'm going to ask you now . We have no way of communicating with Starfleet ... with our friends and families . We 're hoping you might be able to relay a message for us . Our crew is not large . Each of them could write a short , personal message . You 'd be welcome to read them all before passing them on . And I think you 'd be convinced that they 're nothing more than the heartfelt words of some ... very lonely people . Captain ... it would ease my apprehension if I could see that you are who you say you are . I have a signal amplifier on board . I 've been working to reconfigure the protocols to penetrate the radiation stream of the wormhole . I think it might be possible to establish a visual link between us . I have no objection . When that 's done ... will you help us ? I make no promises . Let us proceed one step at a time . Have your officers contact me in order to attempt the visual link . - Good night . - Good night . We 're ready to try a visual link with the Romulan ship , Captain . Good work . We didn 't have any trouble configuring the protocols . But that phase variance in the radiation stream gave us a few problems . Torres is going to balance it manually from Engineering . Okay . We 've got the communications frequency locked in . On screen . I presume you are Captain Janeway . Yes . I want to thank you , Captain , for maintaining contact with us . It means a great deal to me and to my crew . I am not familiar with this class of ship . It 's new , but it isn 't classified . I 'm a little surprised your intelligence hasn 't provided you with information . I 've been at space for over a year , Captain , and am not privy to the latest intelligence . I 'm sure that our operatives have provided the government with detailed information about your new ship . No doubt . Captain , have you been able to communicate with your government about sending our messages ? I have . They 've promised to take the matter under advisement . I see . And when do you think they will have an answer ? It is impossible to predict the timetable of the Romulan Senate . When they 've made their decision , I will hear from them . We don 't have the luxury of a great deal of time . My officers are predicting that the probe will become inoperable in the next 48 hours . Captain , I am a low-ranking scientist , a minor functionary . It is not my place to tell the Romulan Senate to speed up their decision-making process . You said you 've been in space for over a year . Do you have any family ? Yes . I assume they 're not with you in space . My wife ... and my daughter are on Romulus . A daughter ... How old is she ? She is ... seven months . Then you 've never seen her . To my sorrow , no . She 'll be two years old before I get back . You must miss your family very much . I knew when I accepted this assignment that there would be a price to pay . Perhaps I didn 't realize how high that price would be . Captain ... every one of us on this ship has left behind friends , family , loved ones . We may not see them again for years ... maybe never . So we can all understand how lonely you must be . Surely you can understand our feelings as well . We would be deeply grateful for any efforts you might make to persuade your government to send our messages . I cannot guarantee success , but I will try to persuade my superiors to make their decision quickly ... and positively . Thank you . I will contact you again . Commander , let 's assume he 's going to be successful . Tell the crew to prepare personal messages and have them ready within the hour . With pleasure , Captain . Captain , I have to talk to you . Go ahead , Torres . No ! I mean , in private . I think this will work , Captain , but I didn 't want to bring it up in front of the crew . It wouldn 't be right to get their hopes up in case it doesn 't work , although I think it will . Slow down , Torres , and tell me what you 're talking about . The phase amplitude of the visual link with the Romulan ship- - it 's within just a few megahertz of meeting transporter protocols . Are you suggesting ... ? We might be able to piggy-back a transporter beam onto the visual link . We could transport the entire crew back to the Alpha Quadrant . You 'll have to reconfigure the matter transmission rate ... Fairly substantially . ... and we risk losing whatever we try to beam out . We 'll have to run a series of tests first . See to it , Lieutenant . I 'll need some help . You have my authorization to use any of the ship 's personnel you need . This is top priority . And don 't worry about secrecy . I doubt you 'll be able to keep this quiet for very long . I finished these , and I 'm ready for more . You finished those already ? I enjoyed studying anatomy . It would be interesting to see an autopsy sometime . What are the bones of the middle ear ? Malleus , incus and stapes . And the connective tissue between the middle and the external auditory canal ? The tympanic membrane . Hmm . I suspect you have an eidetic memory- - an astonishing gift . I 'll do a full neural scan on you at some point . I 've been thinking ... if we do get back to Federation space , I 'd like to explore the possibility of going to medical school . If you continue to apply yourself as you have , by the time we get back , you may already have the equivalent of a medical degree . Then you haven 't heard ? Heard what ? That we might be getting back soon . If there 's one thing you can count on , it 's that I am the last to be told about anything that happens on this ship . Everyone 's talking about it . There may be a way to transport all of us to the Alpha Quadrant . Chief Torres and half of Engineering are working on it right now . I see . Well , I 'll say good-bye now . I won 't be transporting with the rest of you . But can 't we download your program and take you with us ? My program is fully integrated into the Sick Bay system . At present , I ... cannot be downloaded . Thank you for everything . Wait . I 'd like ... That is ... could I ask a favor of you ? Anything . If you do leave , before you go , would you check to make sure I 've been deactivated ? I promise . And our Chief Engineer has managed to bind a transporter beam to the visual link between us . Then you 've matched your data transmission to the phase amplitude of our com signal ? Exactly . Apparently , our intelligence operatives are not doing their job . You clearly have technology that we are unaware of . This would be an incredible breakthrough in subspace field mechanics . If it 's successful , we 'd like to try transmitting a test cylinder to you . A test cylinder of what sort ? It is a standard Starfleet mechanism with a varietal molecular matrix . It simulates most known organic and non-organic compounds . It is not classified technology . Ah , I am aware of this mechanism . We use a similar device . I will allow the transport . Bridge to Transporter Room 1 . Torres here . We 're all set , Captain . The lock is active , and we 're focused on the Romulan 's transporter coordinates . All right , then . Let 's give it a try . Energize . The cylinder has dematerialized , Captain . Can you get it back ? The pattern buffer is having trouble accepting the matter stream . I 'll increase power to the phase transition coils . Ramp the coils to 37 megajoules . 37 megajoules . Congratulations , Captain . You 've done it . Very impressive . We should run a series of these tests , just to make sure , but we have to act quickly before the probe is crushed . I understand . Eventually , we 'll have to try transporting a person . One of our crew will beam to your ship , if you 'll allow it . I 'm afraid I can 't permit that , Captain . My government would never allow Starfleet personnel on this ship . I wouldn 't want my logs to show that activity . Then what would you suggest ? I 'll volunteer to transport to your ship ... and back again . But , Captain ... if we can 't transport to your ship , how are we to get back ? If the procedure is successful , I 'll arrange for a troop ship to join me . That would easily accommodate your crew . Very well . We 'll be in touch . Kim and Torres have made more than 20 transports of the test cylinder . Even though she 's still having trouble with that phase variance , every one of them has been successful . Let 's hope it goes as well with the Romulan . Captain , I must insist I stay with him at all times while he is on board . Agreed . We 're locked on to him . Whenever you 're ready , Captain . Well , let 's try it . Energize . What 's the problem ? It 's the phase variance in the radiation stream . I 'm balancing it manually . Welcome to the Delta Quadrant ... Captain . My First Officer , Commander Chakotay . Lieutenant Tuvok , Head of Security . Chief Engineer Torres ... and Operations Officer Kim . My congratulations on your remarkable accomplishment . This is an astonishing breakthrough . For a while there , I didn 't think you were going to make it . There was a strange phase variance in the radiation stream . It almost kept us from pulling you through . Mr. Tuvok , you may begin evacuation procedures . I suggest we delay that for the moment , Captain . I 'm afraid I found the reason for the unusual phase variance . What is it ? Captain , what year is it ? What year ? If you please . By your calendar , the year is 2351 . But ... this is 237 1 . Exactly . Our Romulan visitor is a person out of time . He 's showing clear evidence of temporal displacement . I would surmise that the wormhole is a rift not just in space , but in time . The unusual phase variance we detected was actually an indication of a temporal shift . We have transported him from 20 years in the past to our present . I 've gone over and over the transporter logs . There is no question that if we try to transport ourselves through that wormhole , we 'll end up 20 years in the past . Then let 's do it . It 's better than spending the next 70 years trying to get back . How can we do that ? We 'd be going back to a time when you were only two years old . I know you 're disappointed , Harry . We all are . It seemed we were so close ... but clearly , we can 't go back . It would pollute the timeline to such an extent that the consequences would be unimaginable . I 'm afraid we 'll have to send you back alone , and ask that you not reveal anything that has happened here . I can assure you , Captain , that I would not do anything that might contaminate the future and perhaps harm the Romulan Empire . But ... in 20 years ... I could alert Starfleet not to launch the mission which sent you here . I 'm afraid that 's not possible either . We 've already had a huge impact on this Quadrant . People and events here would be drastically affected . I 'm afraid we 're left with our original request . In 20 years ... would you relay our personal messages to Starfleet ? Of course . At the proper time , I will transmit them . If you should find a way back within my lifetime ... I 'd be an old man , but I would welcome a message from you . I am Telek R 'Mor of the Romulan Astrophysical Academy . I promise you 'll hear from us ... because we will get back . These are our messages . I wish you luck on your journey . And I thank you for your help . Energize . His signal 's in the pattern buffer . Transferring to the emitter array . Phase variance is out of sync again . Compensating . Transport complete , Captain . He made it . I 'll tell the crew . They can have the satisfaction of knowing that their messages have reached their families . Captain . I did not want to mention this until after our guest had left . I checked the computer 's data banks for a Romulan scientist named Telek R 'Mor . And ? I 'm sorry to report Dr. R 'Mor died in 2367 . That was four years ago . That is correct . Before he would have sent our messages . Maybe he left a will , telling someone else to transmit the messages or he could have given our computer chip to the Romulan government . It is possible . Unfortunately , there is no way to know . Then let 's move on . We 've got a long way to go . I tried a new hamstring exercise- - maybe I overdid it- - but my workouts are about all that stand between me and a severe case of cabin fever . Lieutenant , I am the Chief Medical Officer of this ship . If you have something to say to me , please direct the statement to me . Well ... you see , I need to work out . I 'm not telling you not to work out . I 'm suggesting you use a modicum of common sense when you do it . If I see you in here again for an exercise-related injury , I 'll have to discuss the matter with your superior officer . Yes ... sir . You 're fine now . You may leave . Yes , sir . Thank you , sir . I don 't think he 'll make the mistake of ignoring you again . Captain Janeway has made me realize that I must function as more than an emergency medical replacement . I must think of myself as a ... member of the crew . You 're absolutely right . I 've prepared a list of things I 'd like to see added to Sick Bay . Perhaps you could present it to the Captain ? I 'd be happy to . There 's one more request ... something of a ... a personal nature . I would like ... a name .
