 thank Kindness . I Wanted you to show that like you will move the letter in the person last name the elevation of right of Idleness . well . there now that I marry sudden , which was able for not waiting nor moment ? , for which I had to break the conversation rector ? right of idleness ? something strange it happens running . Doug that tells me to pay imposed . all imposed of payments , Harry . our duty , or plenty duty taxes pay if we buy goods . just as chocolate and medicines . this very noble in February . Wait as you will have in April to give evidence tax - . my evidence ? tax - ? My Ah tax - evidence . this that sends that year . Nina to himself that occupies with this . what does make he / she ? it swallows my tax for me - evidence . his / her evidence ? my evidence , evidence ... Do you See of the one what was had to argue here ? my evidence ! good . Form 10-40 . Imie : Dick , last name : Solomon . there now this such perforation . Us then this does ? because people do like this . Then them national tradition . and don 't you want to distinguish himself probably ? funny it will be like them would write in field sex ( sex ) " frequently . " - good it was ! - Totally good . they don 't make This asks for sex here . pay or farm loss . if our farm generated in yester-year some income ? this , where I document enclosure is F. we didn 't have farm ... did we Lose farm ? This ! to mark some increase or loss . I won weight kilogram . I lost virginity . and you have opportunity to remind on her frequent sex . pass on the part of allowances 3 chosen , document encloses C , magazine 2 or of table in enclosed document AND in form 10-40 and R. pass for size chosen allowances with line 28 or with last pattern of left lateral allowances . my left , or did this leave ? to look in side 30 their standard allowances would find if you marked in side 45A some canon or 45B , or if you are in somebody maintenance . I Speak doesn 't have him / her any enclosed document B. He / she has to be curse this ! me I do doesn 't acquire the idea anything doing . I am superior creature , I can count in memory of metric among planets with proximity for centimeter ... how blackhead no I can summarize line 58A initially ? ! how does it come is not able to me found him of her ? ! where is she condemns this ? ! quiet below ! me Longer it doesn 't go tolerates this ! I Hate this ! I Hate this ! I Found . quiet below Everything . To add line 40 of 13-47 . you are in city the most sensual accountant . don 't do disturbs still I didn 't make this end . enroll Exactly enrolls this cyferki . we Subtracted line 64 since 66 ... and it subtracts me now trousers . stop probably better this . how does it come does ? because you will lose shirt soon . you also . you are owing $ 950 0 . what does make he / she ? ! you the prostitute ! what you that waited ? You didn 't make This pays imposed ! certainly this this , that he / she will prepare such own girl for me ! $ 9500 ? God the one what will make us ? ! do all look the calculations in that at meals ? if we talked then about businesses we go cans me this deduces of tax . ... did we talk about businesses ? like this . because we walked for still to eat only soon afterwards , they would talk about businesses . businesses ? I am Probably deaf because never I didn 't make this hears to speak in order to you of this would speak . like this . we can lie in evidence . I don 't make This believes that nobody fell in that earlier . does he / she wait , and like them they will catch us ? how does it can them us capture ? the all different fools don 't make this lie in imposed . ... nor it had lied . really ? so albeit you guide such Sally . like this . precisely like this . if thingamabob business , on whichdid no do I never hear like you speaks ? glance . I count with $ 14.99 here . and does this can this $ 114.99 is ? or $ 111 4.99 can ? do you Think that they will buy this ? This horibly area for pencil-sharpener . then direct lines . we will Scratch out pencil-sharpener and we will enroll airplane . that is diamond ! it is like this . Our house business . Dzieki Dubie . us Will sells chairs ? this , honey , then hairdresser 's armchair . we will Make sign board , we will break several researches and as somebody would ask this lost business that hole had been then . tense in allowance . funny history Of this chair assimilates ... we Met her ! I Have for you signs board Sally . Living room of Reality Sally . True business . this Will to look in serious business . hang him / it out . everything listens . I Made this ! I Amused himself with entrances , I added several what do innocent mistakes and you know that ? degree is us owing $ 375 000 now . he / she goes Very well us . Like us we moved forward will be like this to fill we will be during our several summers millionaires of evidences . I was once with millionaire ... we Know this ! do I excuse Myself ? if Living room is Real here Sally ? like this . this well , small incision will add me . good , leave will be . give him / her this . how does it come does me ? you are my assistant . - and he / she gives him / her now this . - Give him / her o . you of him sleep . you also can . give him / her this . probably that governs is complicated , I prefer to seat this . you Acquired letter . really ? with Interior Income . super . this certainly my check . I Wrote second of evidence once and he / she left that I was not anything owing . probably this birthday leaf . I have in several Birthdays of months . information on auditing ? which this is ? auditing . you Have przesrane . Mary she scares me . he / she feels we have to speak . can we do after auditing this ? everything will be in order . you Have that only this to fall . And don 't you have concealable probably any thing ? covering ? This I don 't make this hides any thing . Would I have to hide that what ? this well . because they will be you to X-ray of mountain to demolish . they are going the ars from Kickone to his / her detail life . they will Discover on you everything . everything ? they can be brutal . interesting . Forgive I have ... we will Make him / her bang to cover these laps being plentiful and will we turn upward front sides , that what you in that ? only I don 't make this knows . trust us the good , we will add brilliance a little . You Have beautiful neck here and nobody the one of her doesn 't make this sees . and now the hair toll . Deus Harry . I am Already going the good , I only have two hands . family conference ! Family conference ! who is this ? my hour 16 , if he / she sits down in chair . Tommy ? Is to pass the woman something ? leave woman 's wait there . where I owe ... out ! listen I have terrible proclaims ! we will be controlled through Interior Income . what does make he / she ? ! Won 't we acquire like this $ 375 000 ? burn Even . government 's Brokers will be exactly to search in our life . Every detail of our life under microscope will go of ostatnich six years . we are here However really of three . and in this problem . they will search Them more deeply in our past them more the fast will appear that we don 't have such . because we are extraterrestrials ! them such Para will process conclusion . we Have to have detailed explanation in ostatnie six years where we were , which we did and we have to prove documents mathematically then . I Did behind three this this years . did you Do ? like this . Exact and detailed . I Gave this to you . What did you make with them ? - mine was paper to send fax . - I also had , but me disremember where I put this . I excuse Myself . super , I want to know with times then me to himself that I tire like this ! you Have this to do once again . We needed for tomorrow matter acquires like this robots . Sally dismisses hour 16 . I won 't struggle of insensitive government of this kêdziorkami in neck . I already wanted to know as this summers Only we know . Ten long summers . this more than three years . like this you can say freely seven long summers . not only three years . like this I can him / it citation . And to say , does that know before six long believable summers ? three . leave will be . do you know there now , what did I make before three years earlier ? do you make Ova I am ? you Never spoke for any thing me you made that to begin to work here before you you Entered left him andlet doesn 't do to leave back on mental spontaneous blackout . this was real . and are they going this can fall like this ? Tommy on top of this there is little works . There now among time ... you Will has to help me . this , you are not going this attracts me in this . Attracting ? Integer this subject this his / her lack . I am not going this sends him / it to all less one because it goes this condemned tax - evidence . if you didn 't make this falsifies my enumerations he / she is not going this processes this . remember me then . If I will go to the bottom you that you will go with me I hope you will deteriorate in hell box ! there is little it Can a small one I transplanted . three . cholera ! how does it wet there ? It is heat . this well . this . I was him / her speaks Like this . I am not able to you say that he / she is my next secret customer . there now she already had operated snout three times and she don 't make this is satisfied immobile . - if then Maggie Wright ? - Like this . there now I said her that it would already be enough . this in agreement with me glances as the witch . do I Can him / it for one moment to ask ? treasure penitent is busy . this-can we will press him / it ... - Now ! now ! I Have for you new biographies you have this to remind sees him / it tomorrow . you since 1992 to 1994 had worked as volunteer in Museum of Herança Chipoa . this , this , this . was I in coma ? this , this , this , doesn 't make this feels . good , me spended two days only documenting their false identities ... there now you can go the future there and you were said that that everything that everything that you like everything that that pleases . these will be his / her spacenecroscopy . before to himself we introduced 9 1996 of January here where we lived ... Sally ? ! in Vernona squared in Stuart in Florida , gentleman ! and Florida is where in ... Neptunium ? ! - this ! In THE ground , gentleman ! - Well . when did we live there or did I seek running ? this , gentleman ! like this us of the one what lived ? - of secondary materials , gentleman ! - Well . and when does the opportunity happen if we are of distant galaxy ? you ! this . are you safe ? like this . this - yes , gentleman ! - Good . Does Andlet return our tax - does it prove now ? You youth . as this if it turned that this family had lived here before three years without any income ? ! he / she we-collected lowers ! - How much ? ! - 123450 below ! - And didn 't you notify this income ? ! income carried out $ 621 7 what is sum more bottom than it adds low the notification . where of he / she does such it numbers ? ! 30 % of these cable boxes sold in Michigan after 5 cents each , gentleman ! really ? in Michigan ? where I lie down in coma ! Mister ! Deus Solomon in yours safe inaccuracies are evidence . some of them diffused of surprise these numbers me . me nor . me also this . we can speak . like this . in enclosed document AND ... document enclosure E. I Store as I saw o. first once This was probably in 1992 year . Do you store ? - resolution . - The one that this was in day . I was in THE ground here , as supporting in creature 's of carbon combinations . you Demanded $ 600 00 ... cramps ! do you Store 20 1994 of March ? as this would be yesterday . do you Store this bar in which we were ? me eaten her the plate in the daytime . This , this , this . - me food , fight . - This , me eaten her of fight . It I-is almost safe ... - This me always as fights . I-store as I ordered ... You-never coma fights . both fight jedliœcie Can ! like this , any right of this still prohibits . the food of fight Para the one that two people go . any marvel doesn 't have in this however . I Have to take of printer something . God , do you think that he / she knows ? he / she knows certainly ! their therethrough fights ! we Have something to do . as it will return neck here will squeeze him / it . we will run Later had been and I will break we will reach neck every house as long as . there don 't have any chance in order for them caught us ! we will Win time a little like us will barricade doors . I don 't make This sees him / it . what do you make ? he / she slid like this to us . did you know that this ground is leaning ? I understand on that that you Probably bed , there now this is not going this to lower work . like this she came to recognize time . we didn 't make this to give evidence with the accusation why ours is ... we-be wrapt . - Exactly . and the kidnappers said , that like us will send our taxes they will kill us . really ? this ! this . I will Be sincere . We took part in witnesspegs programme ' protection and they never passed our post office . he / she doesn 't make This feels . this cans this ... us through ostatnie four years lived enter wolves in forest in Kandzie . among wolves ? I was male cardinal . Deus Solomon , how blackheads doesn 't want you to co-operate ? you Only worsen subject . well . well . Mister he / she Caught us in the act . we are extraterrestrials . we Arrived of distant planet here lying in very distant galaxy . they would Arrive to examine their species . I Ask for to take under our attention good intentions . before you he / she called their students . they would move ournecroscopies . ' Unpleasantly me , but I already heard also this . you are owing $ 161 43 zap ³ acony rates for . LIKE THIS ! you Represent me normal fearsome to rate - auditing people ? there now I feel more people since it Yields Interior already reproved us . he Reproved little dictated then . we Have to pay for one year rates when this was not us here however . my business is prospers Happily . Deus Harry how much the mum of the customers pré-arranged futures ? I Already check . no . what does make he / she ? ! sincerely Sally , you made horrible hairdos . you eat certain you are that I forgot . you when the opportunity happens saw face Dubcek how did she go out of under dryer ? I didn 't have the remoted idea , that you walked to educate hairdresser . I Walked . in 1992 year , do you store him / it ? luminous 1992 . Year in which danced to Ice of music Vanilla and world got to know the actor then young O 'Donnela of Chrisa . did you Feel this ? He / she hurt . this well .
