 like this , I graze on mountain , if it seems , that generous concession-in-help became it bent in my fame his / her organization . obviously that I count seriously . these small coins would Want they returned immediately in my bill . Cheerful holidays , I roasted you of cookie . I Thank Sing to sleep . and I have for you this . you Inflict that world is better . and he / she doesn 't make this tries to recover these money they are not going this gives the nor gorsz . this already the employee . first Jump Annually Recently Year-old Mary 's Fondu Albright is ended . super . the doctors and cheese be submerged , cool . I am animated with this same jump . remain like this , this doesn 't have as the stink of good fondu . what do round day care whole new Year ? this On the one what you walk ? however this such one normal . earth rounds the turn of sun returning in the same accidental place . and subject that invented this calendar he was careful that earth was plane . do you Really want to look for his / her side ? you Know ... year Passed and I want to know the one that I can show . there now ... Luminous I am the dean , I win to a lot of desk of money , I tolerate larger swinging than my family wiêkszoœc . remain like this . I had miraculous year . will you Be here they had New - the jump of Year ? exactly , companion . do you Need some help ? and that what don 't you have plans ? I Have ... this . necessary us some leader . Can you count in fracture below jednego up to ten ? probably of ten for jednego ? you will Be excellent . on dear me . Larry deGuzman of Pani I didn 't make this sees him / it of final exam of secondary-school . I Ask , I ask had success you . I will Bet that like us will be once they had walk in slope , you will be VIP . like this , great gentleman the waiter of rich bar . and didn 't this fake to be to find when running ? there now he / she has to have or to try , or M.A. , or explanation this where it was through ostatnie seven years . wait ? I Have idea . Doug , you store like you still bill , what do you need several additional people of personal ? - this . - The End of searches . I Found the satisfactory people . do you Can for them detained for ? me he better can calculate people , but like this . like this , I can ! give quiet ! like them they can adore like this Grincha did he make that soon afterwards that them ? It is certainly them him wanted with consideration in great ears . this completely this realistic ! Ch ³ opaki ! to look that he bought me Don . you are such a dear one . this the best holidays of everything . I Know what they like gentleman . did I Think that you would buy him / her these ear-rings ? ear-rings ? were ear-rings ? only like this they adjusted to glue , there now I thought can in year future . to glue and ear-rings . only so much . store Can is otwary however . This part of back-scratcher then the Jew . Reserving in table of new Year ? this Mary has the Jump of Fondu . then the all the whole does this day care round new Year ? I don 't make This knows . He / she counts nightmares that this well prepares to evaluate the accomplishments of yearlong of the person . I had quite good year . I Lost virginity I for perfection dominated manipulation Donem . and I bought fresh sweaters . I made final exam of secondary-school . I saved Harrego with this demonstration of nature extravagances . and me ... It is this so a lot , that to begin , it was ... only like this ? the Most important this , then , that I saved this child before drowning in swimming pool . you didn 't make This doesn 't save any child . We Saw in messages this . the Right , so certainly nor wydudowa ³ em of this sport field in Cleveland ? this you . well . I won 't go if he / she treats of pierdo ³ ami my accomplishments are larger . and ever since such it is , to define this hard . And there is little then they are even still larger . this marks party . exactly there . He / she walks I on pronunciation complete of symbol . She tells about party . precisely here . on this . Larry ! deGuzman ! can you here come for one moment ? what do lie these drunk here ? I Thought that these are to the deGuzman of woman 's table . outside of cogitation any I am the hostess . I Notice him / it old , quite good with his / her prostitute . pass drunk , Alone okey . Cheerful holidays . second of unit . for me ? you don 't owe . on God they are ideal ! they will Be in me to look so beautifully in new Year in Room of starry Light . Room of starry light . Room of starry light ? then jump for VIPs of Rutheford . Do you Know how to win these entrances last ? I only Know so much as influential my boy is . He / she can like this , but it is already recent ... you can pull certainly for some threads . I will Try . I will Go this to accommodate . this Pogrywa with me as with school child . that what to himself you stare like this what ? I Know my exactlys . I work here . Stop like this interfering . me if you should say that I have problems with capture to himself . this subject emitted million of dollars UN . Do you Can in this believes ? without any the accusation , so simply . you can represent wearing out of eight months in Bosnia she approximate building orphanage ? great things . torn with war Countries is field to show for samochwalców . we Have to fly . the Time in apple-pie festival . this . Only go . I Have the accomplishment many important things . there now we had to go together . I excuse Myself . there now , it swallows me a little apple-pie.He And in order for this was not cold , because in this conjuncture alone juice . pay ! Pay now ! I am not going This payment . do I excuse Myself , some problem ? you Try to deceive woman ? It Like this this was not this possible it was . I don 't make This wants her to deceive , but he / she waited on top of half hour , and she didn 't make this swallows my line for me . I put Still this there in bar . those ? I Ruined this . very fat . Me you service . meeting of personal . Meeting of personal . only that that you . I Guaranteed for you , I don 't make this wants to leave in fool . and it began . Okey me the , good , think to remove these tables and it goes mills the place in to do the thread of cars . dear me ! can I be the engineer ? this what the one makes the whole guide ? leave will be you . see what I have in transporter ... two entrances for Room of starry Light . super . Let us sell . what does make he / she ? only you know , no longer he / she wants to go , Tommy cools jumps here . you See . Party . do you Know how this was to put hard ? theren 'importe any where we will be until that we are there where I want . Does he / she agree kluseczko ? this . you great small companion . this . this is not going this to lower work this time , kluseczko . I cry here ! so far always he / she acted . this is not late for However . It can and I lost 365 days , there now year to himself he didn 't make this finishes still . I Can something alters still . you ... me Mister ... get up with me . also Dominate , I ask . you dare , get up with me . all leave the villainous and white , white and villainous people the prejudices deles / delas to separate separated and hands will call and they will go with streets Rutheford leave will enter in room of out-summit period and accordion , because me Dick Solomon I made world best . what does make he / she ? Jake and Henries make to roll together . them Saint the best friends . good . since przyk ³ aden don 't make this wants to polish the children deles / delas this this , but I tried . I am such a lost one . Vincent , greet . I didn 't make This knows or you had opportunity to enter in apple-pie festival . I Had . Apple-pie never a lot . - Never , thank you . that if you turned had to help me in kitchen . I Also thought like this . you can this gathered Probably to cabinet of different spe ³ niony dreams and plans of year 1998 . what speech you for foolishness ? this year was catastrophe . I didn 't make this reach Any thing , Mary . I Have little return with apple-pie festival . we Have a lot of apple-pie , drink as you want . if you wanted to know to the once what this time flows out ? there now me like this . In yester-year me spended 4 months sleeping lit , two and half week in sockets , two days that clean teeth , me 34 hour looked at Channel of Discovery , and in time when I saw as the species of all encourage zrzera that the species of every animal flowed year 1998 out . I Have go get up now there . what do you make here Sally ? anything . I only Wanted to know you don 't make this she worry to sit down together . New year Is.You don 't go in any part of Donem ? this . Him pissed out in me . how does it come does ? because I cried . what does make he / she ? Dear me . and I made this because I wanted from him something . do you Always cry like you wants to acquire this the one what you want ? this . I prod him / it Mainly under snout nipples . or I do with times like this . really ? To cry me only beginning as I lie under wall . and don 't you know that what he in proper name conditions infuriates ? this . Do you think that he was furious ? Which he is ? He / she looks that you bend a little . I make this Exactly . there now you don 't owe . what does make he / she ? what does make he / she ? Because like you it will be like this property to do like this powder in end will be plenty and it will leave . dear me . I don 't make This wants in order to him left . forced Nina . for he / she knows a lot of girl , which she never had the boy . I Have the boy . as well as you it does come sits down home in new Year ? I am drifts there is to go a little at party . obviously , that like this . stop throwing with toasts . You Waste this . as gift in fondu such it is days of our life . stop Dick new Year is and you deject us . clear upward because you will be soon he whistled through thread . there now Mary ... any there now , then jump is and this banquet mortuary he / she behaves like this how it consented . there is little good . I Ask attention everywhere . toast ! toast ! as year approaches announcement dies old this was not this been possible for he / she doesn 't make this looks back and for he / she doesn 't make this sees that people didn 't do him this reach and this that never if it will turn we turned . count what you want on this year , he already finished , he left and as to himself I attend him / it here he / she doesn 't have people different with that it would like to be group running with death , which with dazzling speed more and more to himself for us brings closer . health . Jezu . Who pursues in meeting bars ? he / she idealizes excellent . we Go . - Dick ? - Like this ? lock out like you he / she will leave . do you Have some twos ? cholera . what does make to himself here histories ? he / she is Lá as in zoo , every desire in order for you will be by hand always ready . do you Have some sevens ? I Understand . there now the accusations are behind for . such lines really direct . this is his / her displeased race ! good ! Nation , 20 minutes now until hour zero for the one that nobody has doesn 't make this is sober . this champagne is ? I cannot be in him neighborhood , presents me in strange places . listen to me . you ... .. and you . you will Do exactly for this that that this people will say him / it that you have to do . - track ! - Locate ! Locate ! he / she feared , that to himself I with you am not going this sees here . I also feared . I was terrible shrew . this , Sally listens ... I excuse Myself that I reacted like this , there now you bended ... like this , like this anything the no longer of speeches ! listen ... them waked upward , that heat with me cane and ... what does make he / she ? ! heat with me cane ! and then I tolerate swinging that imports her / it subject of ground based , there now safe duties of this assimilate together ! and I know already this now ! this well Sally because the subject has to have his / her dignity ! luminous , that like this ! like this they came to conditions ! like this I should do with of next time that that how will I want in order to you would acquire something of that what you don 't want ? ! Does he / she can this we won 't do ? ! interesting ! will you Be like this he sat down in cold ? like this . this well , we are going mediad . to the for what do you wait caught a cold here ? I hope I will freeze in sliding . and I will be for every piece of this monument living in umbra and despair . the homage stranger lost . and the one what have me to do ? Everything to leave and to sit down here that he / she says that you you are that what exceptional ? good , to press for champagne everything everything prepared , it will be fresh . however two minutes , okey ? super ! HAPPY NEW YEAR ! this , did he do for something the ? ! stop ! He / she sounds nicely . even . Judith is boring . like this . these will be rearwards . New year is . like this . year 1999 . É .. literally new year is . name took Of here . that is miraculous . I Feel as newly born . I See this distant horizon full with possibilities . I see 60 liters the depraved apple-pie and the pot of dry cheese . like this me unpleasantly . I Damaged him / it party , night Did I damage everything , will you forgive me ? I Have to scrape a lot dry cheese like me will return . I will Scrape his / her Mary 's cheese . I will Make everything , I ask . I Remain midnight became new people . we cannot lock on the outside for old year and to look ahead ? I Thought that you new year of care has for accidental point in terrestrial orbit ? this he / she was lastyear Dick there now he already finished . I Ask . like this . stopped ! Stopped ! Still this time ! - New Happy year Harry ! - New Happy year ! New Happy year ! You are free ! It is fantastically . the Only me and woman that you / they make love dancing in caught a cold at night of beautiful winter . I was foolish , and you forgave me . This New ideal Year . what does make this ? bell in old church . really on Dick of God it is now new Year . like this the whole time like us was celebrated here ... year 1998 . It was still like this I survived year 1998 ! Dick quietly ! then moment of beauty , don 't make her breaks . there now it is ... He / she had success me ... - the New of Mary Happy Year . - New Happy year Dick . I Ruined whole jump . New year In 15 seconds is in Utah . you are standing a chance a more ! leave Tommy ! in porz ¹ dalu . we Began to allow ! 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... I was excited Horibly .
