 boss 's Diary Several days it passed since he disappeared Harry . And I don 't have the green of remoted idea where for possibly . and here the one that I know : Harry he met psicopático the previous boy Vicki Dubcek . I Look at bad mouse without a doubt . several such it would Be to find here . we Go . Harry that he disappeared , Harry that he disappeared ! we Know ! Be intimate ! before us we got to know this pimp that he kidnapped Harrego . do you Want me to scare ? their store substances they are Great Wise Head 's property and they can become you taken behind in all moment . on cholera ! this is not any habitual bad mouse . I Killed myself quite good popaprañca . they can be of this money . remain like this ! where for possibly him . Where ? God and gentlemen ! the Gallery of nature extravagances Garwina he / she presents ... Extraterrestrial Hargo . Ziemianie . I Arrive at room . I am Hargo . simply Hargo . we don 't have last names Lá where of me come of . what makes many difficult things , because Hargo this very popular fame in my planet . for his / her Bob . he / she waits , or he / she remembered , that przycho message comes from Great Wise Head . our data show silence , that silence you didn 't make this sends his / her report . the byone companion - the workers Immediate arbitration gave dispositions heavy penalty for indolence , including function of systematic dissociation of his / her boss 's brain . pleasant day . The broadcasting End for 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... well good-bye . Okey , I did for a commitment us in finding with medium she will tell us where he / she is Harry . super . Let us walk . since it is then such a medium one that as it comes is not going this uses they would win the lottery of cardinalities deles / delas , or something as . because he / she doesn 't make this depends them of money . them Saint soon afterwards they would help people . public meeting then so long they are in the line until that you like them . stop , we idled . Dick that we are going for medium walk . are we Going for medium ? Then ? it will Help us to find Harrego . Harry he disappeared ? Whatdid no nobody tells me ? because you knew ? with trust it completes this ! where are my keys ? you Have this in hand . I Found . we can go Now . walk Harry ! Harry he got lost . what does make he / she ? Dear me ! like this the one that you sit down me like this we have to find him / it . then we are going for medium . After help . he / she idealizes good . I will play him / it upward . - where are my keys ? - Prove in hand ! they are Here . walk we go . Plunder ! I will Lend of mum car . do you feel Well ? super . wait . think , that this some creates him / it penalty mold of the ruling the report this the Great Wise Head is not for ? give quiet . did you Hear this Harry ? Harry ? PLUNDER ! super ! Harry that he ran far away from my keys . Garvin ? Us moment can speak ? he / she feels Hargo . listen . me I am afraid that , somewhere in our beginning the acquaintance made a mistake thought that me I am extraterrestrial . there now I am not . obviously , that this there now bed on this , that I believed thank you you . really . thank you , but if you this all the same then I will go me house . there now amusements would be . there now something remembered to me . This is this realizable . I signed contract companion here . I don 't make this reminds Moment to me in order for me would sign this . like this , but his / her previous collaborator Noisy Lafournier that he signed . I will Be sincere . you See , he doesn 't make this contributes my previous one there now plenty my previous kidnapper . my family certainly to himself this on me concerns . his / her family ? And where are they ? I don 't make This knows . there now there he / she doesn 't have any them here , truth ? Them she go depended , they are not going this begins to seek him / it . they seek me certainly . this - he / she doesn 't make This feels . Them - he / she waited for pamphlets certainly . and then fertilizers ! I Also hate them . and you have the new family now Hargo . Family that will evaluate his / her talent . family that will change in profits this talent . my profits ? after it goes . you will Be great Hargo . So big , that until that I fear . what does make he / she ? How does he / she make snout beetle Dumbo ? for possibly the Largest than people . I Feel that you do for love somebody of who that he got lost . where of you this does know ? you Said her / it through telephone . did you Bring bunch of his / her hair ? this , but I have several here his / her letters . this is my happy bra . This his / her mascot to sleep . and this is his / her research . remain like this , like this I have strong feelings . moment . I Saw him / it . he / she sets up like this . she has picture . this , I don 't have . I Saw him / it in grounds of amusement . do you-saw him / it in head ? - This , this . I Saw him / it in grounds of amusement , he works there . You can will put tarot and he / she will say more for us . he / she waits , this , this , this she doesn 't need this to do , we can find Harrego . Walk ! Tommy , you were entitled then this woman swindles . I Thank , really us the woman helped . the prostitute . I Lose memory , well me . I Found varsity without problem . doctor 's Solomon good morning . It is very good Gwen . Do I-listen ? - The one what ? do I excuse Myself as his / her fame excuses himself ? I Knew this . this is not my lipstick . I know this However . I only Sought my lipstick . - Hi Dick . - Greet beauty . and did you hear that recently what ? that he got lost . - that got lost . - Plunder ! I Know about this . and it is forgives arranged beforehand now . you are not going this leaves on top of there . I Know about this . I still eat ch ³ opaki . congratulations for today shakes Hargo . I Thank Gigantikusie . To have news Nicely of oss this people that would have taken care for king . the the Even tall people of world he / she will be cheerful with praise when it is formulated like this . he / she gives quiet because I will cry . we Know where he / she is Harry ! We Know where he / she is Harry ! we Have to go for grounds of amusement . How does Dick sit down ? this for well . I thought , that it will increase him open air a little , like this me sended he in field in order for him collected strawberries . what does make so fast he / she ? do you Want to know ? I Processed horse of they die of announcement - the guerrilla and I didn 't make this knows where further on to go . I Went in our yard there now I didn 't make this diagnoses any there thing . and jedno stupid tree it scared me in death . come small ³ ajzo in turn . take his / her jacket we have to fly . know , that this for you difficult like this I made him / her salad . which stinks like this ? onions are in her . I cannot eat onion . walk Dick , we collected himself . do you Come together ? Do you Know where this Harry is ? how does it go we knew that you will take this low blow of me ? Mum did us in trip the mesh of sandwiches . be careful in this amusement bases . these skulls , it was szwêdaæ to criminal . You will Still want to become there . what does make the consequence subject ? we Have to go for grounds of amusement and Dick that he brought to ruin keys to car . I With desire will go . there don 't have any room for you . We Needed of only radiocar . he / she doesn 't can him / it so simply ... Can it use sirens ? - Dick walks . - Only like you it will revise a hundred . I fear werewolf . ME ! how does it can this them this is not long ? mainly like them they take radiocar there don 't have any the five deles / delas , six hours . and does it seem them what we will be here to sit down and to wait ? I do so mainly . good , there he / she doesn 't have any him close to huts of it digs . cholera ! how does he / she do to find mums him in this seas that shout and stink ? I only Know that I have to be medium better . this such that of time it finds people . where does he / she make fission to himself Dick ? super . I Spoke about tying to arise in tree . I Guess for dollar of jednego evener . Dollar of Jednego . To guess yours ? good , we have youth 's contract . 100 kilograms . I Ask for to enter in evener . 100 kilograms that that for gram . and he / she left me . I Guess of dollar of jednego evener . Dollar of Jednego . To guess yours ? good . 100 kilograms . I Ask for to enter in evener . good you are . To guess his / her evener ? this for possibly interesting . For how much ? five dolców . you Killed me the customer . DO PLUNDER ? ! Ziemianie ! I am Hargo Extraterrestre . on dear me ! we are with highbred . our brains are developed more than yours . the good idea fool , it was then for however larger show . I excuse Myself . we already Visited his / her planet during a thousand years . Then we built pyramids . we didn 't make this builds pyramids . We Killed dinosaurs . did we Kill dinosaurs ? - and this ? - So that it differentiates . we Arrived at room . And alone message comes from Great Wise Head . on this ! quite good acting . He / she reminds Georga Gobla for me . first sinuous phase of trip - out of brain it reached end . Next amputation somatic functions will be probably that his / her boss will send his / her report . the broadcasting End for 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... or this is not miraculous . My boy is the king of extravagances . remain like this I see duckie you . You Seem super , super . they are the family finds strange . very strange . container of Maja of sand there now this the May of cat . and this can . Dick the person 's releases in cut out nails for niszczarki because he / she fears that to himself that he is is made clone of . this such one strange . even . Very strange . how does it come does to himself we with them treated ? I Know how it comes does him / it , as frequently falls of model breezes you in sides ? you Won in lottery . Without ranges . I don 't make This disgusts . you have that also to admit , that it fell well for you . do I Listen ? give quiet it admits this . You are in city stallion of alone teacher 's jednego . as it frequently happens , those voracious dog inhalations their legs ? Dick that he talked him / her about our party smelling ? this . we don 't have such . leave in us . do you Think that I fear ? You Seek me as ant . let to enter the Gigantikusie deles / delas . only I ask . Or these the poor relatives are not ? I Knew , of you he / she will appear like you he / she will discover that I am star . greet Vicki . life Always pleased me in showbiznesie . great crowds , spaces in white luminous , and great fame doesn 't make this disturbs me even . do I Ask , do I ask , or this this Vicki Dubcek ? a long time flowed far away from ostatniego meeting . you are mistook Probably . this , she didn 't make this change any thing . listen to Harry . Dick this has acquires problems out , break the head him , you are our only hope . you Have to send this report . this . no longer it cans pushes me around . You didn 't make this takes off posters Equal . this , then my decisive answer . - listen to Harry ... - Peacefulness ! me Para you are Hargo Extraterrestre . - some problems Hargo ? - This . we Probably already finished . quite good with you it pierces . License that I on something will ask . can you eat glass ? I am capable for Like this . and this , I am not going this does . this you leave for the youngster small bicycle in my horse - the guerrillas . I am not going this emits of next time with for you him . this is not their wines . you Have the terrible parents . owe himself domyœleæ , that they will send the largest than he / she acts . Deus TipTip that you can leave us ? pursue mint . because as I will make this he is going to himself he brought in contact with me and my fame will pass . I will Be complete . I Have to occupy himself me . who are you ? don 't do begins such conversation . I am this that always I am there now wiser . I don 't have the green of remoted idea that is you . how does it come does ? Because me only alive for me , for a change ? who are you curses this ? do you Want this to know ? I will say thingamabob . I don 't have the remoted idea that I am . you hurt me Now . I Know . I was selfish . what did I think me ? forgive Dick , I have acting to play . you Have splendid sweater . Ziemianie . I am Hargo Extraterrestre . my dentist . I Come of of very distant galaxy ... intelligence that what ? I would like to prove any other thing today if I can . you already saw Everything as Great Wise rings of Head for me . there now you didn 't make this sees like me I play the Great Wise Head . you will dare cools . I will only Pull small ... Receiving line for Great Wise Head opened . the one that he alters for end , that number was fresh . his / her report was taken of turn . Harry ! Dick ! what do you make there ? ! Arrive immediately had been here ! - he returned . - Better than earlier . so that loss . be intimate , give him / it quiet . You simply envy him / it prostaki . we please are so that you returned . what do I condemn this dressed pampersa ? ! this certainly them . damned truth ! these fractures of surprising rottweiler out of chain in persecution for czow - czow . walk for me ! did you Lose ? be intimate ! Harry that he returned ! I am home ! him you were somewhere ? this long history . what you that Knows ? we will take rains Soon . because you stink as monkey . Tommy where Harry was ? the Exhibition of fears , chin wife , Siamese bliŸniaki , only you know as always . Whatdoes no nobody wants me any thing that to say ? I excuse Myself Mary . we were furious Recently a little . I was not recently me . I hope you will forgive me . like this , Dick , I am not probably capable for . this we to go we are going in cupola ? I will Count the whole piece of this , on top of a bottle cognac . this sounds super . I am Only going picture this nappy . Harry ? I was able to doesn 't do this notices as this faced the woman in proper name conditions looked . does it whitewash this me if something dropped among you ? the man only happens in defeat . I cannot say that didn 't do this tries me . there now when only to himself zbli ¿ e ³ em , does he / she win on top of thing didn 't let to quiet down ? Ugh Harry , me ? this , she had chin .
