 44 vertically the men belong to Mars , and woman ... 5 letters , it sets up in V Vegas Dick , see I knew that I / you had been Michele Michele ? You the girl is ? this , is from France Michele that he asked I would acquire me he researches her monument of thereat of the general of Rufusa did you Tell him / her that fossasse general finger for ? like this like this this labels like this does the general have quite good snout , that what ? remain like this and that that snotty this is new French companion Sally , Michele , their fames go can be French me Three French learnt of years in high school , but me disremember anything this , this , this . I am here I find strange and I want to learn his / her language Subtitles downloaded from Podnapisi.NET Michele , as bill to himself in French " to get knowing Nicely ? " better then I register that it can that you add Michele , we should already go it was you to get to know Very nicely It is such enchanting this only my foot I Have big acre impression . impression ! Michele , what is the time is now in France ? fourth morning there now early I didn 't make this never again early if he / she finds such woman like you and you will never meet you not only it is beauty you are also pleasant there now more beauty ? like this and as well as you it does drift here to be long ? I Adore this place , I would like to be even , but his / her degree such a pleasant one is not this that calculates Abraham of Lincolna like this he is pleasant , very pleasant there now , his / her country is not friendly people like me only jeden safe is I would prepare him could become here the pleasant girl I Have to get married Sally , will you leave for me ? LIKE THIS ! bed on this , that nobody he didn 't make this earlier he / she wonders for this like this what does the one make what ? ! I Leave married how do you come does this ? two the accusations . I am the woman and Michele that he asked I am going bym she for him left didn 't the lieutenant , or you on something forget ? you - as certain you are , prenuptial foresees - This ! our mission Dick , then is my mission the women do in THE ground Like this they Leave married , the children have , they use to the education deles / delas the person finds strange and them subsequent he / she wants to know that was bad there now as it comes does like this quickly ? He Where of he / she knows , what this satisfactory moment ? It is the subject , them they know this I am also the subject if I jumped something ? you ? Never ! tops trust me , I know what I do , besides I marked a more encounter than all of you in imagination certainly you are not debauched more trust me the Boss Michele this fresh subject and him hereinto is carried to look , he / she wants to marry so even , that $ 500 0 leave me $ 2000 of mountain , and the rest on top of this circus how present ? this , this Tommy that is fire gift then tradition old-world and Michele that comes of of there He / she can like us will press this will add the extra something and the best that is that I will be marriage beauty dressed white , long veil desperate orchestra I will be in that day forever storing this has to be done ! Harry , you have to find something old , new , lended and celestial - Tommy , kill me inflorescences - Inflorescences me In the one what can help ? like this , my sister left married and he / she needs inflorescences - some ideas ? - Dance what you that Knows ? I Have getting married bouquet here however with the marriage yesterday for possibly something like that ? like this , beautiful it is , but he / she doesn 't make this speaks with me I Thought more enough about something as this and a little this can these are beautiful . you can pass that ribbon this , this white one , that is extra youth , you have quite good predispositions inflorescences , that what ? very well Left married but romantic however really she got knowing you this doesn 't disturb ? and supposedly that that , Sally this fulfils to himself as woman I Ask for Dick , this every woman is careful that his / her life is incomplete that he / she will be as long as the subject and he / she sweats her life didn 't lie to himself better when you got me to know ? like this there now we had time to be if familiarized and us learnt a lot we are together since year and we don 't make this gets married Clearly we-until never on this spoke you-never on this reminded if - you nor we-speak now I-have to play - me also beautiful bouquet thank you , I only organized him / it really ? Totally good work . don 't make touch , they are not going this wants vase of plants also him weighted below every inflorescence should acquire the five of him of minutes five minutes my uncle Wally has florist in Florida him " the roommate " helps guiding her do you Think that it will pass her / it his / her children ? this , inheritance will become there at Florida this already third attaché of statuettes , you which me sended ... and again this przypomonaj ¹ me and my fiancé send in satisfactory end Sally , everywhere you asked that that so that allowance something old meninx of below to the step of shoe jump something new the vaseline phial with this the violated bill something lended the bottle of woman 's salt Dubcek and for the end something celestial fruit drop mint perfectly Harry beautiful they are thank you , it tried me they would use the ivy branches there now they were a little weakened you are very talented on this certainly bed I Heard miraculous proclaims this such one sudden pass to the point Mary . Sally she is careful that you were furious what does make he / she ? ! this , I didn 't make this says this only that I worry a little I want for you as the best and the whole piece of this happens so fast to see easily for Mary you you are jealous - what does the one make ? ! - The one what ? - that is is visible it you-is ! you also want to leave married you Really want ! luminous , as I will be finished you care Has that I am not ended ? I simply have care that you should wait to the what ? ! as I will be in average age and I will be she had to return out of room with , in order for husband didn 't see my slopes freely it seats ? give quiet you do like this ! It cans this potrzebnie that I interfered you make this Again ! I excuse Myself that I to everything tried this , this , this . Albright that I ask for to wait practice medicine moment , I ask for to sit down I am a small one excessively animated this , that me to himself that somebody declared this something like that that I in end can ostentation before different women - and this is not good - This I please Want in order to you would be to me Mary I would Want in order to you goes previous byœ in my marriage guestwise on the part of young woman ? better you would Want previous my maid of honor my old one , effeminated maid of honor God therefore after this as this slice becomes celestial He / she walks me on this marriage acquires when sex lowers in the medium distance and is combination deeper ? more bottom than sex ? I don 't make this knows simply or I am ended doctor Albright still reptile on this pierdo ³ ach getting married ? I would Want , but she wants to take marriage unhappily I will have to Probably ask her the forsomeone hand this you to leave purchase time a little buying his / her wedding ring ? ring ? luminous something big and polishing . this for it will Prove mathematically that it depends on you on her and it can remove you this in infinity like this I mark her , me for it will separate in shelf and am I able to take with flyback when I will want ? how does he / she make some safing ? this Pleases me he / she pleases This me he / she adjusts him / it Even Sally , I was insensitive ass-hole this for you , only for doctor Albright like this I decided to ask for the forsomeone hand the - very good I-thank and my marriage , as , that I am the boss that is more important like this my will is first what does make he / she ? you are people terrible , terrible how do you come wants me this to destroy ? once want himself sits down exceptionally and you want me this to take of turn . I want to be the bride me , it becomes engaged , I excuse Myself , forgive me I am very selfish you eat certain you are , you should be first you Already ordered cake however and I didn 't make this asks for Mary equals still stop crying good young girl big young girl good I will have that emitting the different man Soon you will Be the beautiful bride / where you statku of od innego ) it sharpens my minuscule , minuscule out / where you statku of od innego ) it sharpens my duckie , duckie , out / I Turn and you are minuscule / I Turn and you are the adult / I Turn and you are the young wife / And you have own children - for you of doctor Solomon - For me you are great American to us in France the discovery man was hard , which he would accept his / her sister 's boy and in Wisconsin this was impossible his / her integer is Now I will Bet that you are not able to they would wait to her to go for bed do I Listen ? only you know great night this , this , doctor Solomon , this commercial transaction only I am not going this his / her touch sister even this . You have . She waits in that only - you safe it is ? - Luminous this as in this announcement of shoes " Only for her " you are the family very it finds strange there now in way which I can accept I Ask doesn 't do this prods I will let to enter gentleman I Ask for to wait as I will press button I ask for to prod Then I Ask for to listen ! I Ask for to wait until that he / she will stop playing any marvel , that suburb disappears this was not this been possible being to give to stores here good morning gentleman , truth in the daytime beautiful ? like this that what me you can serve ? wedding rings for woman perfectly diamond rings are here we will Begin of a child is this beautiful , how much is worth ? this ... $ 300 0 for diamond ? ! there where of me come of , larger we used as parenthesis to you carry this cannot be to influence gentleman 's price play symbol then symbol ? like this , his / her rounding symbolizes infinite love rounding magnificently you the clock of the his / her person the fisherman wife ? this crimpy silk do they Please you ? only I made this Tommy , kiss me we will Go to car , we have a little tense before ceremony it began this . I checked only something don 't do begins to harvest , you want as long as to cut grams Sally , you look beautifully so imposing like this ... nu and you prove with this veil and then who do make they ? get to know José Slocam Cego It is old , me lended him of club " Tip - it is if he / she drowns " and game bluesa and where is something new ? He / she is my new companion God on the part of bride , or do I become engaged ? no , I am of Office of Emigration and Naturalization we Have the accusations to judge that we have here strange illegal in party really ? Mary , I have him / it on something that to ask before everything it will begin again , you are going in left hand Sally and it doesn 't store any saltation in passage can I lend tooth-brush ? there the beautiful man is of government which seeks strange I Thank the woman for Dubcek , leave the woman goes and it seduces him the woman of the person manners this is not going this is problem family conference ! Family conference ! - where does he / she do ? You-is it safe ? I Have see of Michele what is it is going in C the upward which is ? they are white I excuse Myself I excuse myself Even there now I cannot leave for you what does make he / she ? Unpleasantly me there now I have to get married they will send me I am strange what does make he / she ? I am strange nothing of this would be because I am also strange so then the whole piece of this ? I don 't have the remoted idea - it emits like this me my money he / she is not able to , I gave this in dress control himself listen , somebody is here that it seeks him / it walk with us we will defend him / it this this , this , this , I Have plenty you and their crazy relatives crazy ! you are crazy ! I Thank we are Going Albright we Left of city , like this without the accusation only you know playing him / it of nature this Michele that they arrested they Caught Michele ! like this nation of Emigration this era terrible fight Frenchmen a lot of lance like them are afraid emigration ? like this , they said that they would send him / it with only morning obviously , he is of different country this then is strange strange of France and it gathered purple tube of distant sended of galaxies to study the human race I said that that however " this " like this me unpleasantly Sally nothing harms I Have cake , view , I almost processed to altar - there you didn 't make this now skirt married I-know , but that that there as long as we are still disguised who is in skittles going ? Tommy , Harry captures himself for veil she was the beautiful bride It will be beautifully to look in bowling-alley game something was approximately so that several days I wanted you to ask I Thought approximately this long one and intensely and he / she knows , that this satisfactory thing makable if you will take my clock I don 't can him / it light I Understand I Thought that you wanted this it is simply for big ... this care doesn 't have , that some will you be able to day him light ? he / she only can if I will win weight horibly cake ? white iris a little , gerberów and eucalyptus ' branch for balance and smell quite good , what do you make ? I Do for king 's body-guard 's grommet to play footbolowej - really ? This - he / she will seem super in training table Like this I cannot wait for until that they will see this duckie
