 We hit this one world , right ? Full of snakes and bats . This crazy shaman , he was after Q-Ball 's brain . When he said he wanted to take Q - Ball 's brain , how did that make you feel ? How did I feel ? Yeah . I guess I felt that I was glad it wasn 't my brain he was after . How would you feel ? My feelings are not at issue here , Mr. Brown . Now , you said earlier that you - that you were at the end of your rope , yes ? Yeah . No kidding , Doc , my boat 's been rocked one too many times . That 's why I 'm hoping you could help me sort through this thing . Yes , I can see why - the strain of adjusting to all these different planets . Yeah , but it 's the same planet every time , just different dimensions . Why don 't you start at the beginning ? What precipitated this crisis ? Okay , I guess it all started about a couple of weeks ago . Oh ! Oh ! Are you okay ? Yeah , I think so . Incoming ! Ow ! Whoa ... ! All right , that does it . From now on , Mr. Brown , you will go into the vortex before me . What , and have you land and crush me ? Forget that . At least it looks peaceful enough . Wait a minute . This is Bernie Massey 's old Pontiac . He got rear-ended just before we left . And that 's Mrs. Randall 's place . What are you saying ? Your house , yes ? May I remind you - we 've all been fooled before . Why are you always so negative ? Hope for everything , Miss Wells , expect nothing . So what do you think , Q-Ball ? I think we 're about to find out . Cross your fingers . It squeaked . Thank you ! Mom . Oh , my God . I knew you 'd slide on a weekend . And that was it . After 18 months of wandering , we were finally home . Thank you ! What if you could travel to parallel worlds ? The same year , the same Earth , only different dimensions ? A world where the Russians rule America ? Or where your dreams of being a superstar came true ? Or where San Francisco was a maximum security prison ? My friends and I found the gateway . Now the problem is finding a way back home . SLIDERS 2x08 " POST TRAUMATIC SLIDE SINDROME " Subtitles subXpacio Here we go ! Yes ! Mrs. Mallory . Thank you . Quinn . Professor , thank you . All right ! My dear Rembrandt . And one for Wade . I know . Isn 't it unbelievable ? I 'm going to tell you the whole story when I get home , I promise . I know . I love you , too . - Give me back to Mom . - Oh , Mom , Mom , Mom , you should have seen this guy . On one world he introduced a strain of antibiotics and single-handedly stopped the plague . What about that world where he brought down the asteroid with the A-bomb ? - Oh ! - Huh ? The atom bomb ? All I did was jury-rig the detonator . The fissionable material was already there . Oh my , that 's - remarkable . Nothing , really . How 'd they take it ? Everyone was basically in a state of shock . My sister just screamed , " Oh , my God " for 10 minutes . So , guys , how about a toast , huh ? - Professor , go ahead . - No , no , you 're the man of the house . Well , seems to me " To friendship . " To friendship . And to home . - And to home . - To home . What are you doing down here , Professor ? Just thinking . So , this is where it all started , huh ? The real basement . I always imagined it to be much bigger . What are you thinking about , Professor ? You know , we have 95 % of what may be the greatest invention that the world has ever seen . What we lack is the ability to control the beast and how we use it safely . Oh , you guys will get it . Well , you 're not going to like this , but till we do get that 5 % , I suggest we keep quiet about our experiences . You 're kidding me , right ? Do you realize how this could boost my career ? Now is not the time to talk about free publicity , Mr. Brown . It 's always time to talk about free publicity , Professor . What 's wrong with you ? What am I supposed to tell people ? Nobody 's seen me for 18 months . We 'll just swear our families to secrecy , that 's all . Wade will tell people we were backpacking through Europe or something . The Professor can say that he was on sabbatical and you two have got your bases covered , but who 's going to believe that I 've been touring in obscurity the last year and a half ? That shouldn 't be difficult , given the state of your career when we left . Stick to our stories and we 'll be fine , as long as people close to us know the truth and how important it is to keep this secret . So we 're talking a month or so , right ? As soon as Quinn and I are ready , we 're going to have the biggest press conference the world 's ever seen . Now you 're talking my language . See you later , big guy . Get some rest , Mr. Mallory . We start work on Monday . All the things we 've done , the things we 've seen , it 's all because of you . Thank you . I prayed every day , Quinn . I never gave up hope . I guess randomly traveling through an interdimensional vortex has a way of making you appreciate what 's important in life . For the Professor , it was returning to the hallowed halls of the university where he taught quantum physics - the place where he first met Quinn . Miss VonBaeck . Professor Arturo ? Miss VonBaeck , how very good to see you again . You too , Professor . Are you all right ? I 'm just surprised to see you here , that 's all . Yes . Yes , well life is full of surprises , isn 't it ? Anyway , I 'm back ! Eager and ready to resume my course load . Provided , of course , the dean hasn 't replaced me . Why would he have done that ? " Why , " indeed . Excellent , excellent , excellent . Ah , my dear Miss VonBaeck , I 've been away for a long time , I know , but bear with me . All shall be revealed in due course . Now you must excuse me . - There he is . - Thanks . Artie . Huh-uh , I know you recognize me . It 's " The Crying Man . " I used to know a " Crying Man " - he died . Oh come on , Artie , don 't be like that . I know you 're angry . I missed some dates , but I have a perfectly good explanation for that . Yeah ? Like what ? I 've been touring Asia . What are we talking here , Outer Mongolia ? A lot of good RB clubs there , are there ? Besides , if you 've been touring , where 's my 10 % ? 8 % . Keep it down , will you ? If my other clients hear about that missing 2 % , they 're all going to want it . I 've got a secret , Artie . How 's your pacemaker ? Ticking away . Why ? I 'm sitting on something . Once it goes public , it 's going to be the biggest thing to happen to popular music in this century - hell , maybe since the beginning of time . Let me tell you all about it . But you 've got to swear not to tell a soul . Hello ? Quick , turn on the TV . Channel 11 . All right , hold on . Using calculations based on my extension of the Einstein-Rosen - Podolsky Bridge theory , I 'm able to travel - I prefer to use the word " slide " - between different Earths in alternate parallel universes . His theory ? He 's taking credit for what you did ! ... pretty high-caliber scientists out there calling you a crackpot . Well , skepticism is natural in the face of such a remarkable achievement . But take a look at this remarkable arrowhead . It 's a 500-year-old artifact ... He 's blowing our entire cover . ... space-age titanium alloy . It comes from an Earth where America was never colonized by the Europeans . Oh , I don 't believe this ! ... tested and examined at this moment , which will prove conclusively that their origin is from a world whose geology is substantially different to our own . You 've got to call , Quinn . You can 't let him get away with this . Quinn ? Quinn ... ? Our guest today is Professor Maximilian Arturo , some are calling the " Father of interdimensional travel . " Hello ? We 'll be right back . What am I supposed to do ? Call him a liar in front of the entire world ? Why not ? You deserve credit for what you did . She 's right , Q-Ball . I don 't care about the credit , we promised each other to keep this whole thing quiet . Well , I don 't agree with the way he did it , but it certainly put a jolt into " The Crying Man 's " career . My agent 's fielding offers from three major record labels . Your agent ? Well , once a secret is out , it 's out , Q-Ball . Come on , man , it 's not like I 'm the only one . " Newsweek " is sort of serializing my diary . What was I supposed to do , Quinn ? It 's over a million dollars . The secret 's out . You 've got to tell the world what really happened . Where are you going ? I 'm calling the Professor . This is out of control . Hello ? Yeah , it 's Quinn Mallory . Let me talk to Professor Arturo . I 'm sorry , Mr. Mallory , Professor Arturo 's not in the office . Thank you . Maybe if we go to the press on Quinn 's behalf the Professor will back down . Arturo 's acting like we should be grateful he mentioned the rest of us at all . Guys , we 're not home . What ? Look at the headline . " Super Bowl XIX " ? So what ? " ' Niners Clock Jets in Super Bowl XIX " ? Don 't you get it ? On our world , the ' Niners played the Dolphins . I don 't really follow football . Trust me , guys . Some things I know like the back of my hand . This isn 't our Earth . I mean , what were we supposed to say ? Jets , Dolphins - it was over 10 years ago . Did you voice your suspicion ? You 're damn right , I did . We both did . But he just kept going on and on - " It 's not our world . It 's not our world . " All because of that one little thing . Mom ? Mom ... ? Mom , is that you ? Oh ! Hey ! Get back here ! Hello . Hi . These have to be on a plane by 3 : 00 , or we 'll miss the weekend read . Aren 't you the messenger ? Sorry . No , I 'm sorry , I just assumed - - Is Wade around ? - Miss Wells is on a conference call . Tell her Quinn Mallory 's here and it 's important . Oh , my God . Hold on . I am not going to sell out the integrity of my story because some Hollywood starlet might be interested in optioning it . I 'll be with you in a minute . David , just make the call , okay ? Don 't forget we 've got that conference call with Random House at 3 : 00 . Okay , thanks . All these negotiations and everything - it 's a madhouse . What 's up ? - The timer 's been stolen . - What ? The police came over this morning , dusting for fingerprints . On top of which , I 've got reporters calling all day - the phone hasn 't stopped . - Well , did you make a statement ? - No . If you don 't come forward , the Professor 's gonna think he can get away with this . Let him . Look at this . My ninth grade homeroom . Really ? Which one 's you ? Forget that . This kid - this kid right here . Tom Canfield . He wore braces on our world , Wade . We used to call him " Railroad Tracks . " Don 't you see ? First , Super Bowl XIX and now this ? Maybe you 're just remembering it wrong . Look , it just doesn 't make any sense , Quinn . My friends , my family , everything 's in place here . This can 't be anywhere else but our Earth . It can if our doubles slid from here . This is a virtually identical world , Wade . Our doubles could have slid when we did , 18 months ago . Oh . Okay , so now we 've slid in and taken their place and everything is exactly the same except for a football game and some kid you think you remember wearing braces ? Quinn , do you hear yourself ? I 'm really starting to worry about you . You don 't hear a word I 'm saying , do you ? Yes , I do . You 're not listening to me . We 're home , Quinn . It 's over . Excuse me . Miss Wells ? Your attorney 's office , line two . We never checked the timer . The window could have already come and gone . If I can 't convince you and find the timer , we 're going to spend the rest of our lives here . He says it 's important . Let me get this , okay ? Just wait , please ? Quinn ! I realize this theory is difficult for the layman to grasp . Seen from our normal perspective , the universe appears to be singular . But when seen from the perspective of the Einstein-Rosen - Podolsky bridge - Miss VonBaeck ? it is suddenly possible to see , that universes can be layered one on top of another . Now my invention enables explorers to slide through these layers traveling from universe to universe , breaking through the boundaries that separate one dimension from another . The tricky part , of course , is to control where you slide and - And - and - and when to return . And on that note , I think we 'll just take a short intermission . - Fascinating . - Extraordinary . I 've been waiting years and years for this . I need to talk to you . How the devil did you get in here without a press pass ? You 're not that important yet , Professor . I told them I was on the school paper . So , what are your intentions , my boy , hmm ? Discredit me and hog all the limelight for yourself ? Take all the credit you want , Professor . It doesn 't change the fact that we 're not home . Huh ? You heard me . It 's close - almost a carbon copy - but it 's not our Earth . Look , I dug through my old baseball card collection and found this . There 's no asterisk next to Roger Maris home run record . So ? Listen to me - the ' Niners beat the Dolphins in Super Bowl XIX . Mr. Mallory , I have no idea where this conversation is going . You are obviously having difficulty adjusting to the fact that you 're finally home . But right now , I 'm in the middle of a press conference . Excuse me . Ladies and gentlemen , if I can focus your attention once again , on the model , You will see , that this ... " Whoo , whoo , whoo " " ... And a tear falling from my other eye " " Cry like a man " " Brothers , somebody hand me a handkerchief " " Please " " Cry like a man . " Yeah ! Maybe we need to punch that lead track up . I need to hear the vibrato in that section where I 'm trying to hold back the tears . Remmy , there 's a woman here to see you . No groupies there , Artie . I 'm trying to concentrate . Take five , guys . It 's okay . I hope I 'm not disturbing you . No , no , not at all . Actually , it 's costing us about a grand and a half an hour here . What 's up ? Did Quinn call you ? Yeah , last night . Police have any idea who broke into his house ? No . I 'm really worried about him , Rembrandt . I think he 's really going off the deep end . He 's still saying we 're not home , huh ? Yeah . I don 't know what to do . He 's in this incredible state of denial . This is bad . I love the guy , Wade , you know that . everything that 's good , everything happening for us , I owe it to him . Well , it might help if you talked to him about it . Remmy , this is coming out of my pocket . Just one second . Is he coming to the museum opening tomorrow ? I don 't think so . Okay , I 'll call him ... see if I can get him down there . Straighten out this whole home thing , huh ? Okay . Thank you . Um-hmm . Thanks . Our best friend was going over the edge , the rest of the world was opening up to us - giving up all of her treasures . And how did you feel about that ? I really felt bad for the guy . Why couldn 't he just lean back and enjoy the ride like the rest of us ? Over here ! - Excuse me . - Get a shot of that . Do you believe this ? Mr. Brown - Mr. Brown ! Over here , Mr. Brown . Is " Crying Man " coming back ? Can you tell us what it felt like - There you are . Ah , splendid . These flashbulbs are starting to give me a headache . Oh , all right . Ladies and gentlemen , no more photographs , please . Well , quite a gala , isn 't it ? Is Mr. Mallory going to come ? I don 't think he 's going to make it , Professor . Oh , dear . What a shame . There are so few days like this in one 's life and plenty of glory to go around . What did you expect him to do , Professor ? You 're taking credit for his discovery . Is that what he told you ? Miss Wells , I laid the theoretical groundwork for sliding . Mr. Mallory made certain emendations , it 's true , but all of which I would have done by myself . Maximilian , they 're about to start the unveiling . All right , well ... more of this anon . And now , ladies and gentlemen , we proudly present " The Father of Interdimensional Travel " - Maximilian Arturo . I don 't believe this . Who does that egomaniac think he 's fooling ? We got to stop this . I 've got people from " Rolling Stone " here . Rembrandt , look . Arturo must have stolen it . I 'm going to call Quinn . Yeah , I know . I wanted to kill him . I can 't believe he could do that to you . Quinn , Quinn , listen to me . You can 't just break in and steal a museum exhibit . There 's security all over the place . Why don 't you let me help you find a lawyer ? Quinn , we are not going through this again . We 're home . Look , I 'm just telling you where the timer is , okay ? Call me later . Oh , my God . The Golden Gate Bridge - it 's blue . I must have heard them say " The Azure Gate Bridge " a dozen times over the radio . It just never registered . Sometimes we don 't see what 's in front of us . It 's gonna be okay . How ? ! We 're going to get the timer , slide out of here and get home , I promise . My friends - my family - my career - I 'm nothing ! Hey , hey , hey , come on . Come on . Come on . Shh , shh , shh . It 's going to be okay . Just remember ... our real families are still looking for us . We 've got to be strong , Wade . For their sake as well as our own . I 'm sorry I didn 't believe you . I thought you were losing it . Don 't worry about it . Come on , we 've got work to do . Come on . A picture postcard of the " Azure Gate Bridge " - available from every tourist shop . You 've known all along . - What ? - You have , haven 't you ? Almost from the time we arrived . - How you doing , man ? - I don 't believe you . How could you put us through all that ? Why ? He wants to be famous , that 's why . Look , will you two grow up ? This is as good as it gets . You , Miss Wells , were a shop assistant . You 're about to become rich and famous as a result of publishing your journal - on every page of which , you lament the absence of your family . Well , here you have a family ! And you , Mr. Mallory ... think of your mother . You want to break her heart again ? - She 's not my mother . - In some small measure , perhaps not ... but she 's as close to the real thing as you 're ever going to get . Professor , we 've been through a lot . We 've always stuck together . You want to live a lie ? I can 't stop you . I want the timer back . I 'm afraid that 's not possible . It 's on loan to the science museum . It wasn 't yours to loan . You stole it . Look ... whether you slide with us or not , I 'm getting the timer and the rest of us are sliding out of here , regardless . You must do what you must do , Mr. Mallory ... but then , so will I. I don 't understand why he 's acting like this . What are we , crazy ? How can we spend so much time with somebody and not realize what a creep he is ? He 's scared , Wade . He 's lost hope that we 're ever going to get home so he 's settling for a close copy of his old reality . Yeah , well , what if he 's right ? What if we never do get home ? Do you want to stay , too ? No . Because I can 't promise anything , Wade . I 'm not sure I can actually ever get us home . We 'll make it . I know we will . Come on . we 're going to have our hands full with Rembrandt , too . While all of this is going on , I 've got a tiger by the tail . The reissue of " Cry Like a Man " sells more in one weekend than the original recording does in 16 years . You 've got to keep a perspective on a thing like that . I mean , my agent books me on " MTV Unplugged " - just like Tony Bennett . " MTV Unplugged , " that 's quite an honor . - You 'd think so , right ? - Umm-hmm . The only thing is that the deal was for me and my ex-backup singers . And we had split on account of ego problems . I got to cry me a river of tears tonight , sweetheart , make sure that 's a waterproof base . Uh , Remmy , two of the Topps want a word with you . Man , I knew it . Here it comes . Just hear them out . I 'm trying to keep this whole thing together . I never should have let you talk me into this , Artie . Fellas . Rembrandt , we 've been thinking . If you 're going to kick off this gig with " Cry Like a Man , " - changes got to take place . - Yeah , changes . You plan on crying like always ? Of course , the fans would riot if I skimped on the tears . If you 're going to cry , we 're crying , too . That 's right . Why should you be the only one weeping ? We get just as sad as you . Rembrandt ? Somebody named Quinn Mallory on the phone . He says it 's important . Look , just take a message and tell him I 'll call him right back . Listen to me . I 'm " The Crying Man , " you are the backup singers . That 's just the natural order of things . If we all start crying , it 's just going to confuse the audience . We cry , or nobody cries . South wing , clear . Careful , it 's wired . - 30 seconds ? - What ? We 've got no time for caution , Wade . Come on . We can 't slide without the others . What do we do ? We 'll be stuck here . It reset . How can that happen ? It 's not our timer . It 's a replica . All right ! Wait ! Man , that really woke me up . They were willing to miss the slide for me and the Professor . Clearly these people care a great deal about you . Yeah , it made me take stock of things , that 's for sure . I mean , about who my real friends are . Friendship 's about the only thing you can count on in this crazy world . Excuse me . Sorry to interrupt your session , Doctor , but I 'm wondering if you need anything before I go . Just a moment , Miss Jennings . Oh , look at the time . I 'm supposed to meet my friends at 6 : 30 . We 've got to slide . No , I don 't think you should stop now . You 're really making such progress . Yeah , yeah , I do feel a little bit better . In fact , I 'll tell Miss Jennings to cancel my last appointment , okay ? Call Gatehaven Hospital , have them send a stretcher and a straitjacket . This is the most extraordinary case of florid off-the-wall dementia I 've ever experienced . Hurry up . I don 't know how long I can hold him . Okay . - Now , where were we ? - Let 's see . Quinn and Wade spent the night in jail ... and the next morning I bailed them out . So , after the Topps pulled out and hit me with an injunction , I got a hold of some of the sheet music , and on this world those leeches actually do share credit on some of my songs . Wait a minute - you know ? Yeah . That 's when I realized that Q-Ball was right all along . I was on such a rocket ship to success , I didn 't want to hear the truth . Yeah , I know the feeling . I just want you to know that I 'm truly sorry . We 're together now , that 's what 's important . Where are we going ? If we have any hope of getting out of here , we have got to get the timer back . Looks like no one 's home . Let 's go . Are you sure he has it here ? I know the Professor , Rembrandt , he 's not going to leave a thing like that in a science lab . Science journals ... research magazines . I didn 't know the Professor wore bifocals . Come on , people , we 're not taking inventory here . Shh ! Shh ! Quiet ! Help ! You hear something ? - Quinn ! - You hear that ? It 's coming from the basement . Mice ? Pretty big mice . Mr. Mallory ! Is that you ? - Professor ! - Down here ! Hello ! Here , here ! Rembrandt , Quinn , Miss Wells ! Professor , what are you doing ? Having a tea party . What does it look like I 'm doing ? My insane double and his devious assistant have had me chained here since Monday week . Of course - ! Look , there 's a hammer and chisel over there . Get me out of this , quick . Look , I thought our doubles had gone off sliding . Yes , well ... the Arturo on this world decided - very smartly as it turns out - that his chances of returning were minimal . So he chickened out . At the last minute , he didn 't slide . He 's been on sabbatical in Grass Valley trying to reconstruct sliding so he can get the credit . And , of course , when you showed up , suddenly there were two of you . Yes . His assistant phoned him , and they decided I had to be a slider . I was drugged , my personal belongings ransacked , I was thrown into the back of a black van . The next thing I knew , I woke up here . The same black van that was outside my house when the timer was stolen . How you coming with that chain ? Ahgh ! Sorry . Now I know exactly how the Israelites felt when Moses delivered them from the Pharaoh . That scoundrel ! That intellectually impoverished knave wanted me to win his Nobel for him . As you can see , I told him nothing . All right , come on , guys , let 's get out of here . Yeah , Professor , where 's the timer ? I think he hid it over here . Here - he thought I was asleep . Looking for this ? And you really think that you can pull off this counterfeit ? You scoundrel . This man is a thief , a kidnapper and a liar . Pay no attention to anything he says . - Uh-oh . - Who 's who , Q-Ball ? Can 't you see that aside from outward appearances this charlatan is nothing like me ? He 's a self-aggrandizing , malcontented egomaniac who thinks that the sun rises and sets for him . He sounds like Arturo . Then how the hell was I the man chained up ? ! Now listen to me . This is crucial . I managed to escape early today , and in the process chained down the Arturo of this world whom you , unfortunately , have mistaken for me . Think ! Don 't you find it odd that he knew exactly where to look for the timer ? Because I was sitting over there when you hid it here ! The world where I built the atom bomb , the world where I met my late wife - now who else would know that but me ? Anyone who had read Miss Wells ' serialized diary , you blistering idiot ! It is a disgrace , sir , to think that we share a common genetic structure ! You scoundrel ! Oh ! That 's for chaining me up in this hellhole for the past two weeks . 17 minutes till we slide . You better be the right one , man . Of course I 'm the right one , you blistering idiot ! I don 't understand . You 're my son , and you 're not my son ? Remember how I explained doubles ? You 're exactly like my mom , too . Your son 's still out there - as determined as I am to get home . But ... why do you have to leave now ? Can 't you stay until my Quinn comes home ? I don 't have a choice . I 'm sorry . Mr. Mallory ? Miss Wells ? Time to go . Take care , sweetie . You , too , Dad . You gonna be okay , sweetheart ? Wait ! Oh , man , not again ! You 're making a terrible mistake ! Stop him ! Don 't let him slide ! If one 's the impostor , why does he want to slide with us ? Because without the timer he can 't get a Nobel Prize . He 's got to try for one in our world . What do we do , Q-Ball ? Take them both . Sort it out after we slide . Like hell we will . Go , go ! Run ! Impostor ! Scoundrel ! Knave ! Professor , we 're going to miss the window ! Hurry , my boy ! Confound it ! Oh , my God . So that 's the whole story , Doc , soup to nuts . Fame and fortune snatched from our clutches . Condemned to wander the interdimensional vortex like nomads . Not to mention , more ugly memories of mutinous Topps . On top of which , we 've got an Arturo , we don 't even know which one he is . Hi . Hi . We need to see Rembrandt Brown . He 's in a session with the doctor . You don 't understand , this is an emergency . I 'm sorry , you can 't interrupt the session . I don 't have time to argue with you . - Hey , you can 't go in there ! - Rembrandt ! Rembrandt ! We 're his family . Excuse me , you can 't just barge in here - I 'm sorry . Rembrandt , we 're gonna miss the slide . My apologies , guys , I kind of lost track of time . Always looking after me , huh , Q-Ball ? That 's what it 's all about . " Q-Ball " ? Three , two , one ... Sorry about all this , Doc . Doc ? Rembrandt , come on ! It was the most beautiful blue - like a robin 's egg ... a sky on a crystalline summer 's morning . A pathway to other worlds , you see ? Yes . He called it " sliding . " A name charming in its simplicity , but wholly inadequate to describe the wonder of it all . You believe me , Miss Jennings , don 't you ? I mean , you all believe me ? Every word I 'm saying 's the truth , I swear . Say , could you just help me here ? I 'm feeling a little confined . Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries
