 listen Don takes me in skittles . date conviction ? Skittles . until believing hard . Only represent me . me and Don ... only our sweated substances playing in skittles . don 't you have the remoted idea that what these healthy skittles , truth ? this . Vein Pendelton with consideration in collection thin reservation there now I found something thiner good man 's love . thank you . Main Merci . Idê that sings with their students to struggle . Don 't you want certainly to unite ? singing , this plenty this . in this case good-bye later . good-bye everything . she is fresh . this yes excellent , only jeden problem is . what does make he / she ? I don 't make This removes her ! - how did this become ? Me - he / she doesn 't do knows . I before first three days was extremely in her enamoured , but fourth day that everything finished . he / she looks like this as this would only be charm . this Thank you you the same omniscient champion you won the obviousness cup . me Miss for Mary . we were Mary and I for me projected . and I threw her now because she was the dean of being very busy . I Have to recover her somehow . I Know , but as . Mary for Can his / her delight this made an effect probably desirable . Dick , you have that to explain everything simply . have to say truth for Jennifer , Don that he would do like this . Don always bill truth can hurt , but it had lied he / she is able bringing to appear faster . truth ? that is such a furious one that it is able to lower work . do I excuse Myself , Jennifer ? what does my beautiful ksiêciuniu of splendid phisics On the one walk ? I Have him / it something to say and this easy one doesn 't go is . some ploteczkê , can equal lewd ? It can however it will be easier than I supposed . It was together well us . and still more before me . ... to go tense they probably move forward ? for next horizon ? I don 't go can ask for more . I Have occupations , we will be celebrated later . this you , Jennifer , didn 't make this understands . cholera ! like this ! robot 's Good ! super how this fire is ? this is strike , duckie . store that that I told to you me , in the beginning put hereinto plays little it holes . this here . maintain her like this . to turn upward of her it is His / her aim for which he goes like this ... like this , I understand like this . To throw crutch and to lower skittles . more to turn that to throw . on this . " as he / she does for connecting of him ? " only this book about mutual help . there now I need help . I Did with me the fool . you were drunk and he / she said him / it openly . Great things . you Want him to recover then goes for him . there now this that I told him / her , that we can meet of different . this the probably great red point in mine the lack list . good ! Do you want him to recover ? it Irritates me like me see him / it with her . be intimate ! Did I Ask or did you want him to recover ? ! like this . - so repeated for me : it goes ... - Go ... - after ... - After ... - him . - Him . - once again . Go ... - Go ... - after ... - After ... - him ! - Him ! and now together ! Pursue him / it ! and it goes now and he / she says him / it directly out . directly out ! - pursue him / it ! - Idê after him . and now Jennifer in order for this was not any mistake . License that I will repeat . I am not able to , I don 't make this wants and don 't go is you made love until that we lived in that together funny world . this should kill subject . Mary the one what you make here ? I Came to tell him / her out directly something . I Begin . you did for This that that I really hurt . me - he / she knows Like this , Mary ... - This , this , this . this was thoughtless and harmful . - then I wrote this only ... - This , give to conclude . I don 't make This to throw the fault in conditions of whole proper name . My race is absorbed and I didn 't have for us for a long time , but when I saw him / it of different me waked upward the one that I lost . really ? I cannot hope Now you will fling himself me in sides , unless it was intelligent to devotions . obviously , that this . I Have to be for you more accessible simply . like this this will be preference . I cannot give him / her a long time , there now I can you give him / her better time . and you waked upward with this when did you see me with Jennifer ? like this . I Understand . I will Explain to him Mary is something . better time is good , but Jennifer he / she leaves me the larger amount of time . and this mark very a long time . I am for her more important . I ! this the person is running ! something of that that you clearly you cannot do . I do want , but you ... this ! This ! This hurts for even ! I don 't make This bill that you should stop trying , there now this will be difficult . difficulties Exist . Difficulty , Mary . store difficulty . this was like this ! I finished Jennifer that separates Alone letter when Mary enters suddenly and bill , that he / she wants in order to me for her would return . - this ! - Like this ! you - soon afterwards he / she did make all that the one of her ? - Exactly ! glances in in that , that this that she saw me with Jennifer , helped . I am Them less accessible , she wants me more the . did you return like this Mary ? on this . Mary 's Offer was trying , but so easily I won 't pay , I can with his / her squeeze out much more . - which leaves him such trust ? - Jennifer is my tender card . and the one what you want ? I Want old Mary . he / she walks after park , breakfasts in bed , lunches in bed ... altering leaves , because food was in bed . ch ³ opaki of Hi where Sally is ? Good Don that we fell of here . are we Going in arising and go down-sleds ? this , in skittles , and what does the one make ? because for view to arise and go down-sleds . exactly . slippery , aerodynamic , aerodynamic and dangerous . we will clutter upward . eyes to the view , quiet , concentration and ... very well Sally , you were probably hit . he / she wins on top of he / she became still . perish fertilizer . Perish ! like this ! Dead , it scutches once again . can we speak ? any fast , I am in wave . didn 't he / she hear , what do sometimes play to himself in agreement with rules ? this . rule is such , that you play once and once me . this rule please doesn 't make This to me . what is the skittles aim ? beating the whole skittles . if I made this ? only like this , but something like that is as sport spirit . foundry ! six enemies in 11 . this is not our average track ! what you you do good ? ! you Left this without defense . Begin better thought on game . He / she seems me that when you will see these numbers wake up upward of this inside as our department is good models and in next semester ... I With my allergies won 't be able to anything ruins here . on this ! This , this , this . - what does the one make ? - Mary is here . and this this well . - in another place Irá . - This , this . I am not going This license to her controlled my life . Me Mister we would want table as the furthest of this the woman as this possible one . Oczywiæie . Can this approach port ? in drawing ? can this approach bar this ? of every piece of this the drunk wild men ? only this in this case becomes . in order , but this inadmissible one . ... we are going the out while it times magnificently , we cannot allow some coincidence would damage in night . I didn 't make This waits him / it here . well for surprise . I Greet , to get to know states nicely . I don 't make This wants interrupting dinner I will sit down with Jennifer that here and we will go caressed . me I do doesn 't acquire the idea anything making what you count . this we to go we ordered something ? I don 't make This knows me here you brought then , I in majority of these things am allergic for . inclusive of butter . Ah you ... the Time of good quality ? you Really this said ? I only Wanted to define ... if we on this spoke ? this . when the subject something like that hears , mark this for him : it cleans legs like you looks for television . this the one what I have to do ? this the one what I have to do ? you gave substances Very well . Burn any longer one extremely . there is little additional ! Irritate his / her ego . Subjects in order for him wanted him / it . only I don 't make this knows ... you are ... Nightmare Albright you flirt impudently ... you of that is famous . am I ? I am . and it goes there now and equal the person is the reputation zdzirowatej ! I will Make this ! Hi Dick . he / she gives hope that yesterday there in restaurant this you were not clumsily ? anything . I don 't make This knows or you noticed , there now I was with Jennifer . you Had new navy . And she pleased me even . really ? I Found her / it in bus . did she adjust Very well , that what ? you did know , but always you in what look well . then truth . or would you practice ? remain like this . - ei ... - The one what ? I canceled a commitment night . really ? like this we can make any thing that you will want . like this ? can this do me earlier weekend ? I cannot take Friday free I have of wound budget that is ... have a glance in that . Jennifer has Friday free . You Know her such an elastic one is . will I Prove as I do can is accessible ? God this really cannon ! if I pull this jeszce several days , I will be powder the one of her always nights and that second Monday . what does do second Monday ? which if it turned you ? then I told allergic reaction , that I don 't can anything eats there . you didn 't make this coma Any thing , you only drank water . lemon was Probably in her . Dick , I noticed something yesterday . I Want in order to you will be with me completely sincere . you Still Mary seats something , truth ? he didn 't make This answer of time , dear me ! he didn 't make This answer of time , dear me ! Something for his / her touches Still . quiet below ! I See that you are restless , but resolution we have this to pull 2 or 3 days however . I See in that small game you game . You Use me . this . I was blind . Love dazzled me . I Had before oczyma this there now I didn 't make this sees this . wait Jennifer ! I don 't make this knows that that this Even label ! which became ? I Already count . Jennifer with me tore out , and I began her there is little if to give Mary well . God , as you come will be with them sincere ? Don that he would do like this . I am not able to ! Mary almost dusts there where I wanted . and the one what will you make now ? I Have to find prepares to recover this monster ! I will go furious Soon ! - well . - Bedziemy to lose . you finished ch ³ opaki Saint ? - luminous . - Wait I will only take ... Faster Harry that we go ! ch ³ opaki of Hi where you go ? I Assume Harrego and Tommiego ... exam . I Thought that we went in vertebra ... - leave Tommy . - Leave duckie . such additional ch ³ opaki and registration will be . leave Don that you are in wave . be crutch , be crutch . remain like this . where were you ? you Forge my songs . this , I came you to recover . forgive me . if these orchids are ? like this . ring after ambulance service . He / she is in order that I paid for this . God is in this allergic for ! cholera ! they fall this Sally this this this that you think . and the one what you think that that is ? you bowl for my supports . of Harrym and Tommym . this . obviously , that this . as well as it comes does the rug the the same of can ? feel moment . if then source ? - Probably like this . it whitewashes this me Don . be sincere . you Want honesty here and her . I Hate bowling game with you Sally . I hate Completely . you are horrible . except for you he / she spits governs gods direct line in eyes . and sincerely already never saying I don 't make this wants with you to go in skittles . I Played ! I Played , fool of the cut with me ! I Made myself ova . This was peeped . I Adore bowling game with you . you don 't make This counts sincerely . doesn 't he / she count sincerely , you care has like this ? walk . his / her turn Sally . and I want in order to you would use my crutch . - really ? - Exactly . celestial thunder . how does he / she make to himself what you have ? nothing is me . how does he / she make to himself what you have ? nothing is me . how does he / she make to himself what you have ? HE / SHE SWIMS MI IS ! Be intimate ! What do you make here ? then inflorescences for Jennifer . what does make he / she ? ! they are made of plastic the everything in of order . there now she is at hospital . this , this is not . He / she will be soon here . dear me ! which curse was this this ? I Have to play Mary before it went late for . don 't do receives ! He / she wants with you to speak to Desperacko . really ? you already Have him / it there where you wanted . Play this calmly Now . I only Play to ask like you sits down , there now you entered in w ³ asnie ignores like this this message . greet Dick . I thought this Almost you said that that that day about quality of time . Ah that . I Want in order to you would know that if you still wanted to himself to dedicate me also I will make like this some victims . do they make an offer ? this , then as still project . I don 't make This knows or it was this been own to idle in project . this probably project that is able for not throwing separated . if you promise that you will find for me tenser I will tear immediately out with Jennifer . in spite of that I will squeeze woman 's heart , which is already to the edge nervous collapse . I Can of this live . - YOU ! - Jennifer ? did he want Something you for me to do ? Orchids ? I Gave him / her list full of my allergies , and which was on side that sixth in as they align behind ? orchids ! before you moves forward , it is something that you have to know . I Tear with you ! do you tear with me ? Do you tear with me ? I finished with this tragic one the combination imitation already yesterday ! yesterday ? Did she tear out with you yesterday ? this luminous one , you tore out with me , obviously that it was like this . you are amazing ! you have luck that I am allergic for in different blood that mine because she go was differently rozcie ³ abym you of mountain down and later every piece of his / her substance ... help me . out ! you are curse ! Condemn ! like this me unpleasantly medicate Albright , I don 't make this knows that it happened with me I with rule maintain the quiet person . nothing harms . He is liberates women such things . this I can transfer the wife of different office ? with only morning , I don 't make this knows then I put him / it to all here . will you Take a drink something ? I cannot walk to wide shoulders I am allergic for in smoke . I Have me cabinet of full cocktail . like this guide . He / she seemed that this owes to lower work . Delta is in geometry the strongest illustration there now somehow loving delta collapses . I tried This to you this was said was , you have to be sincere . For Don , this many subjects this ... where do you go ? we are Going in flotation of ice ... strike . good he / she was Don . there now they still win . on the one what do you count ? we nailed Still this together , and they return . I will Occupy himself with the point command deles / delas . what does make he / she ? I will Squeeze upward the scoreboard this oœmiokilow ¹ mamuœk ¹ .
