 I Need help this now I explore I Want to see what is is going in C the upward which is when it was fight in fan that is important look in that " the actors on acting ? " you Always wanted discovered new areas they would try this that people using the person 's emotional memory in emotional true search he / she stimulates their emotional juices emotional juices ? I Do for my love juices ! this that is moving I Knew that it is going spodoba to you then I notified him / it as director our school acting me the director ? ! - for he / she will examine ? - Like this , then " Romeo and Julie " August wants to be Julie and like you he / she will be the director you will plant me in ploughland Romea I will Make this ! these cool , because they are in this great loving scenes also very emotional things Saint I die there I Already see in bills this director Dick Solomon Production Dick Solomon in art Dicka Solomona " Romeo and Julie " like you he / she wants me there the actor has to play scene naturally this that gives after me get to know own emotions all knows this however I didn 't make This knows , that gentleman is action of interests only like this there now I really want to drive I don 't make This counts that I cannot play I can be convincing even clear comedy horror tragedy good morning have a glance Mary I am torn if certainly ? the woman Acquired registered letter interesting that that cholera , cholera , cholera , I Have to pay $ 150 0 liquidated - I / you had gone mandates for them In end you to put her in day me Will has to remove economy a little this , I don 't can him / it license in that he / she eats me I will pay will you Bring me this ? this this was acting guess what became Pani Dubcek that she allowed to take me entirely his / her scrap relative will Fall , me that didn 't see 10 years I have to do places a little they are here quite good caresses as you will die down I will allow to see for you the rest of boxes the woman Flatters me there now I treat as friend 's woman the at which you look ? " Hamleta " of Lawrencem Oliverem me three times looked at Already this He / she pleases me as his / her healthy elevations and falls this inflicts that all that is such bill attractive ? this ! Important ! ch ³ opaki of Hi do you look to this Still ? this this any thing , then " Hamlet " , there now they speak then like this me I do doesn 't acquire the idea anything doing " Hamlet ? " world-old history beautiful boy is the son the rich father and beautiful mummy Uncle kills the father he / she marries mummy and synalka digs in compact snout júnior goes furious Then and it kills them everything this for beautiful ... there now voil á there is a little ! I ask ! I Need his / her help Don I Have problems obviously like them you always enter in hot water I acquired mandate Again you will Kill this , if me already squeeze for even ? the press good Don that will cause that that mandate will disappear can you solve mandates of bills ? obviously , that like this Don has switches in city center mon ami has several I always can This ... Don that this will kill , truth ? - only ... - Truth ? luminous this marvelously I am not able to they would wait for Mary to say some of you are not going this game ! these will have the lucky beggars ! therethrough long tests , I will be yours director , teacher , mentor , his / her mother , ancestor and lover my assisting Nina he / she will read their last names Timothy Mafherthy that reads for Merkucja like this , like this , like this I like in this way his / her bellows sound glides and after suddenness in fracture below you Of now everything have to do like this see the air , this is still acting anvil Squeezed him / it never remember in order for I am not going this asks for wiecej the for service you didn 't do adjusted hereinto ploughland how exam was ? I Lost ploughland Romea the director was careful , that I am not sufficiently good you were good , you had presence , good timing , you didn 't simply have this extra 's niedefiniowalnego something I Wanted to win the girl several alone points if I ask approximately how many ? " Romeo and Julie " this tragedy of Shakespearean nothing doesn 't have common of the animated adolescent and his / her girl there is little , additional Albright doctor Solomon that he said , that you are able to help me of this only I am famous of this ... $ 150 0 are to pay Here leafed cakes and they disappear they cannot disappear so many mandates a more and they will sit down I Wanted to pay what did this become ? I didn 't make This payment He / she can as the judge will be courteous this will reduce penalty you Have call in 27 judge DeBelko Does he / she sound bad , is it bad ? It is bad judge More it will add Counts as well as them they will go to law I have him / it if it excuses if only to show regret in alkali this better one to show corpuscle a little you don 't make this seriously it Probably counts trust me like me with you will finish you will look as pagan god like this , so marvelously the good the one what you play ? Do fear , do love , desire ? because the audience sleeps I scutch Julie and to concentrate me hard when ... requirements ! where is the property-man ? what does make he / she ? this candleholder is of XVIII eternal England Szekspir he was English truth ! there now art is embedded in Weronie I Ask for Tommy , I try to press out ... these fools ' commitment a little ! I cannot also execute his / her work ! from now on erudite art and he / she looks all now as this should look begin to read it curtains if it gets up great fop enters in scene listen . ME ... unpleasantly me , that you have to be the property-man if you played Romea we Can now with property-man ? Plenty this ! what do you make ? water of authentic Renaissance induces sleep I have to find XV Now - eternal Italian vase I can find the galileo vase this is already ostatnie I am polished do I Thank , will the woman of something take a drink ? I do ask I will Introduce him / it family like them they will arrive then good - times Charley , very pleasant , Ann will Arrive with the husband and Jim Jimmy this old love I knew that it would return more later for more the than he / she does ? do I Ask , for more the than he / she did ? you Gave him / her my drawing at least we know that he / she acts this , this , this , you are if to oppose Capuletti his / her relative Tybalt was dead it is stagnated Ask for this additional pickless for hamburger ! you Still have to play like this game ! Play Now ! I cannot play like this , doctor Solomon you Can ! Play ! I am not able to read now , reading look at Sheryll now because Sheryll ... he / she is the actor cholera , secretary , doctor Albright , sier ¿ a counts ... the friend Bill I have message don 't do comes to court today change happened in plans here high tribunal you - didn 't he / she acquire my messages ? - That message they Altered the judge I Played whole day $ 150 have the woman to pay 0 dollars in mandates how will you explain this ? what is able to say this , then , that I excuse myself and me early in rêcê merciful tribunal really the you of approaches Can ? my lud plate of big guide I don 't make This whereto woman that appears knows we Tried you to influence I Ask for to remove this woman if about who doesn 't he know speaks ? You Have pistol , use him / it ! the woman Influenced tribunal in that I Decide sum more whole legal costs and additionally $ 500 for corruption therefore ! - there now high tribunal - Soon ! I do Thank I in life can help the lover once and his / her friend Don he blew everything this era the only unhappy coincidence - don 't make fault Lady you-more has to bring closer to himself to command do you-hear me ? ! - OK , I will go to him marries - absolutely this - But like this he / she had lied , I with you didn 't make this finishes still Can Pani Dubcek leave the woman for us ? she doesn 't make this live what is it is going in C the upward which is ? and her she lives there now it is caught a cold and he / she doesn 't make this breathes anything that she is she Drank mixture he / she induces sleep this in acting we will Take her down he / she leaves will process me Harry captures for leg Sally unlocks doors / then us ! with flyback ! what does make people ? Ann with the husband and Jim , which he returned more later marvelously didn 't you make antidote ? and such it was in art ? like them they will see her like this this mixture is going inthrall the public - the one what will we make now ? - Wait ! I Have ingenious idea know , that in times Szekspira ploughland that the feminine men played ? really ? they also United bears and they threw in this with sliding these will be ploughland of his / her life every actor 's Marzena there now I don 't make this desire you cannot change garment Harrego for woman Dubcek they of time will get to know did you Forget that they didn 't have this to I dress for 10 years ? besides Harry he / she has secret protects what does make he / she ? the splendid director ! Hallo , is anybody home ? this , there doesn 't have any nobody I ask this way , to move , faster , if he / she sits down and feel home I don 't make This believes that somebody pays for this electron hole renting of her like this , monthly we Do for the love wife Dubcek particularly soon afterwards case in case ? like this , he altered her unrecognizable she Threw estrogenow ¹ therapy separated there now , don 't do if he / she reminds on this it is in that sensitive is bathroom here ? this ! we used of this in filling station forgive in moment I will return soon he / she talks with them what does want like this he / she ? you Bark doesn 't do this disturbs actor 's need in time of preparation I am not going this gives piece of advice Probably tense for show , we go us and store you Left as novice there now you will return as star and we go now the good I See that you got to know my occupants we Do for the love wife Dubcek tattoo beautiful , very beautiful , I don 't make This fault you for this , that you are such dries us This soon afterwards what passed together her and Jimmy they become engaged once God is Jimmy she remembered once on gentleman I Thank that you dug me then this in allowed end to understand each other all my mistakes this such one sweetly do you Forgive me ? luminous she was using thread something go down and the unpackone luggage you will slap me once again and it will be powder of Jimmym to negotiate with we Breathed , we breathed good ! which do this Solomon of you ? this will be me obtain out me of here what does make he / she ? Who are you ? I am trainer Mafherthy my wife is in parents of radio a lot of complaints were , that these children return afraid that they saturate in bed and this homothetic you to Look in new director ! this inadmissible one Sorry Spillberg , fall , this , this , this don 't do me laments I will lower scene Appropriately this , this any bill the Theater this the shady piece of bread farewell , farewell , stores on me join the children of Goods here I Had good Merkucja there now he surrendered who will Merkucja play ? he / she trains Mafherthy , if I can I have ideal candidate Probably I am Already stagnated revision is already in school bulletin revision ? director trainer Mafherthy ... on top of average they shake Dicka Solomona broadcasting of tragedy new meaning word I Altered my art and then me statku of od innego ) it sharpens out in pension - Nieee - This , this , I ask ... I return the mission orientation slope upward my cap me no longer he / she is the property-man besides in future week his / her cap will change in cap Pansy of Sanczo interesting that he / she makes Don now I don 't make This wants more to hear eo nomine in this house , then order Hi you what do make me in roof ? we Wanted the same approximately to ask she should enter in mediad woman we will Help the woman Don , Don , as eo nomine comes is does he / she inflict , that Dick such a bad one ? who do make there ? I would Say him / it , there now my fame offends his / her family that I dare doesn 't express him / it aloud nothing will be me I Have overcoat nocturne hiding of the vision deles / delas and if I cannot be with you leave me founding to die Will that to live without you this such one romantic only I wrote this translation Szekspira seen miles I Called inside here with important the accusation woman the woman Looks in intelligent woman like this I will bend woman 's firm offer I will depreciate mandates I will remove additional penalty and legal costs under jednym condition he / she Has to promise me the woman that woman is going weekend with me in hotel in Chicago in Ambassador East ? Sheratonie this
