 did anybody See my celestial shirt ? like this . He / she is here . if somebody less I noticed , that it is here a little brudnawo ? do you think Like this ? I only Count that I don 't have good clothes . We don 't have any good container . and he / she doesn 't have here ... he / she doesn 't have here good any thing . we Lived here as in garbage . How did he / she make this hereinto process ? this began several weeks Probably this . I Had fork and the pus to sink and I thought me that I would clean him / it later . don 't make light fault this this is not their wines . Then it lacks Sally . she moved to woman 's garage From Dubcek this place changed to himself in lot of refuses . me Miss for her . I-Miss for fine pants . Me - it meant This . ch ³ opaki of Hi . what does make there to you ? what do you make ? we Proved him / it in marvelously the cardinality purgative of whitening substance . have care scud . this , this , this , this . this no longer it is my problem . I don 't make this lives here . you Have to learn after me clear her . interesting theory . you she can demonstrate ? can you scrub in time of conversation ? me no longer I live here . there now we for you lost ! move with flyback . give quiet , you are the big boys , I know that this difficult one , but you have to learn to live without me . - and that what if we don 't want ? - Is there little there is a little ? I don 't make this wants ! I don 't make THIS WANTS ! can you clear this at least ? I don 't make This hob-nob this . do I have to pull additional occupations then ? occupations can be , there now additional this already exaggeration . you can enroll to debate king 's body-guard . the Border of concretes without arguments . does this can the drama club ? Popaprane artistic beztalencia . I in him am . you didn 't make This gives to conclude . If I finished , you heard like me count That popaprane artistic beztalencia they don 't have club of hereinto prelude . I would say this . there now you didn 't make this gives to conclude . like us we would acquire " Mayfair Counter " you go is able to sing before school completes . really ? There now he felt bym to himself I get better when this is not going this does . only this he / she becomes school bulletin . is bulletin In our school ? like this . " zephyr " you Store how it flooded tavern , and did they scrub all that the lot of paper ? like this . this bulletin was ? It is very lymphatic . the friends Saint of tavern Raulem , truth ? this . super . I have for you something that they will break the ice . say in order to him cleaned these containers and it turned this before Friday . second 10 Lack in order for me would fling himself this race . like this hurry . well . you Do me only more robots . Mary 's good morning . I Wanted to know , it can spend in me knell upward romantic night , only you only know us two to me . this that Pleases me I hear . Say more for something . clear sound in bottom jazz , several ignition candles , champagne a little , small cloth to dust ? small what the one makes ? I hoped you attacked me did small order before us pass to the point ? I am not going This is you to clear up , kill me the house-maid . the house-maid ? I have such jedn ¹ , Kathy is excellent . you you his / her number . does the woman find strange will clear my house ? this This my relative is not ? this . don 't I need with his / her sleep ? this . what does the one have like this her of this ? you will Be her he paid . there is little good . there now our night of altered champagne to himself knowing next beer in car park . like this this bulletin is ? like this . - on God . - The one what ? my it was . Nothing harms . I knew , that on that day it will come . I will occupy himself with this . I Know that something was among us and existence throwed is never easy , like this I don 't make this fault you for this that you are sad , there now he / she has to know , that it belongs now to Aliss ¹ and me have hope , that you don 't have anything against he / she meets casually with different woman . this that I tore out with you . the poor child . I Have to fly , I have test earlier , and director 's antipathy as somebody comes late . good ! We began ! does anybody Have something ? Marchiego compound has in future he / she makes week rich jump . good , bound this . we will Be this to read we don 't do read this that only we wrote . this On the one what you walk ? for me this perforation . and would you acquire that what ? only I don 't make this knows . you never wanted to know where of them it is using sport dressed money desk there now they don 't have for what to rebuild her libraries burned in this fire from ? luminous , that I wanted to know . I Think daily about this . there now where of us this is to discover ? interesting . I Name him in editor 's difficulty . me ? they support a petition . Congratulations Solomon . super . you will Give piece of advice to introduce at living rooms this newspaper . won 't I need her Probably he / she given ? this . this well because I don 't have bicycle . this yes . Closed eyes . it was Better in order for this good . disabuse . what does make he / she ? leave the woman is seems without defect . and we want in order the woman was first person that will ruin of our ground . It is until so good . I Ask , coma . of next time like you for it will take me to the part of " the judge of Judah the wife " , better to set on fire it was here . - if she did for not worrying with us only ? - Like this . It is simply jealous . And how does it come goes she had this is not ? Kathy that she caused that this place shone . which if it turned of our roœlink ¹ ? It was shown that this had been old potato . - she is miraculous ! - Like this . I Thank him / her for Kathy . I thank , that you appeared in our life . we Thanked him / her even . We Do for love this that that here you did . well . - well for precious stone . It we-is fortunate cracks . - Chipsa ? - Very willingly . who are you ? I am Kathy . and the one what you make ? I Clear the apartment deles / delas . Who are you ? I am Sally . I made this once . did they pay him / her How much ? do pay him / it ? like this . I excuse Myself . do you Clean oven ? I didn 't make This knows that this it was this possible it was to do . He / she cans himself then they acquired him / it frees . she didn 't make This comes to me today . Don 't you know or is it sick ? he / she looked in healthy like me left to run . moment , was she you ? like this . I became engaged her in whole permanent state . She is irreplaceable . what does make he / she ? ! he / she doesn 't make this acquires Like this , somebody that the house-maid doesn 't do was robbery ! I didn 't make This ermine the one of her . I Induced his / her money . emit me my lady of cleaning ! she is to be living alive , human with feelings , thoughts and emotions . you are not his / her owner ! I am . I Never got to know such woman like you . you Organize stockings , you put hereinto alone drawer . Brilliant . I don 't make This knows like you altered in bathroom water in celestial and I don 't make this wants to know . make this additional one simply . well . listen to Jerry , all knows " Face Cleared up Weekend " Freda Watersa . I want to know how it comes . and I want that it was knowed for this that hides . Catch for this . - Hi order . - As it was with trainer Stricklandem , did he begin to speak ? this . He told me that it left and he threw later in me with medicine ball . well ! Labels that he / she fears something to himself . Us Para something approach . Go and maté tea this history . me - it will Accommodate helmet . - Well become pregnant ! - Tommy ? - Boss ? his / her bulletin disabused some . I Cheer that it pleases . I didn 't make this says This . I Have final periods here , I don 't have tense . he / she stores like this only , " Zephyr " is mirror of our school domestication , rivalry ... do we have like this to gather in that ? like this . Well . I please am that we are comprehensible . thank you , that you fell . everything listens . Did you Hear that what him only he said ? this well , you have on this to forget . And to return to robots now . Do greet the editor , how there bulletin subject ? how do you come bill like this ? " Mayfair Counter " the future night , acting . only like this , like this . - will you come there now ? - Luminous Duckie , I would never neglect this . marvelously . do you Know that what Kathy that she did today ? did she hurry in ball stockings ? this , better . she Bent my pants . and thought that smaller already to be they are not able to . which Tommy is played ? This involuted Stockings ? he / she doesn 't make This walks on this article , I don 't make this knows to say guest that wrote that it was bad him . who do you Know to him he would help ? Kathy ! really ? luminous , the not my concern , her with that I am not going this gives the piece of advice . It is now jedn ¹ of us . As family . I will ask him / her . Kathy that you can approaches here ? do I Have to clean roof ? this today . is anybody here ? dear me , it is in roof . what do you ask me ? because you are the best . I don 't make This knows like us advised me without you . they Want in order to her there now me ... dear me . have to admit , that some of them these things upset me . for instance this : you Write that you will expose corruption in the highest step ? this doesn 't make this you of concern . as well as my research it does come is here ? this is " new Zephyr . " " New zephyr " in new millennium . and only jeden aim commands us , they will fall this . like this the one what you process the boss of coverings ? what does make he / she ? only I don 't make this knows . safe gentleman 's relative is under impression - works . contract to go it follows Annual Album ? you should leave . - without notes ... - Acquire out ! - as it was ? - Walk with me . him something hides . this for possibly big . this reaches deeply . Touch Jennifer Pickarelli of Album . This can last whole night . already to himself that I occupy with this . you - doesn 't he / she do to leave back on something ? - The one what ? his / her girl has carry out today . only like this , cholera . listen . the good . He / she is using a lot head , was this can was occupies ? - me ? I-know that you are able to separate me separated feelings turn completes bitter , infuriate , hate and you will revise sincere . like this . and this that I repeat that I tore out with you . I Squeezed his / her heart . greet Harry . if she here is ? if who here is ? this woman Kathy ? this yes in kitchen . This goes mad me . Do tell me if it is better of me ? you Put me in clumsy situation , there now ... Like this . It is better of you a lot . it was not as clumsy as I thought . Only have a glance . very well to himself what did you prepare here , truth ? do I Listen ? did you already Make this earlier ? like this , frequently , 15 years , a dozen or like this the families . you the prostitute ! I do ask . his / her revision . only like this . looking at the newest acting " Mayfair Counter " dramatic club very wise person . read further on . in the ploughland of Eliza Alissa Strudwick in alone thing she can do small . his / her wieœniacki harmonize in no way he was not able to coverings singing him / it frightening of her . this a lot to himself what you held with critic here ? unhappily , but to himself that I held . this cans his / her lesion . I am not going This is you she tolerated sick-leaves this you are not going this impression , in end this his / her girl . only like this . and this is alone bulletin . only bulletin ? only bulletin , that what ? is America like this only rural ? And integration this only word ? ! and ideals this only dreams , which small children do have ? ! good ! me the , impression , I Understand . this that I count impression " here . " impression . me In the one what can help ? where is she ? who where it is ? Kathy ? I have with her to speak . she Finished of already to run , besides he / she doesn 't have with you on what to speak . listen to me Dick . have to recover her , before the one of her I used seven ladies of cleaning . there In his / her house he / she was the house-maid . To us it is the family dick . her - did he / she say Like this ? He / she didn 't need . To be visible in the happiness of face of her , when it pursues steps of full bag below on the one that throws garbage . first among a life it is once happy . once to himself I with his / her will meet . me Stoated her of Judith , like this I am going ermine her of you . he / she doesn 't do stupid , Mary ! did you Hear me ? ! Harry , walk here ! what does make he / she ? Mary that something arranges we have to go house Kathy to hold her supports . this ! This doesn 't make this happens ! It is because me everything . Of anybody I earlier was not so close jumped . me nor . Where does she live ? I don 't make This knows . how is it using last name ? me - he / she doesn 't have notion.It Green this-how writing is Kathy was was ? Kathy ? Thought that this Casey is ? he / she will follow Mary . We-go ! the boss denies of przekrêtowi of Album . we Gave me of this piece of advice . Go home was sees of families . - how does it can him / it me this does ? - The one what ? here trivial writing ? rain in Spain caused the headache this reviewer ? How does it can him / it me this does ? listen . I am the editor . and this is my problem for completely he with goods was in top-level . and August Loeffler she didn 't make this fulfil these demands ! I Gave thingamabob problem , with trust that feeling powders for me not to go this is not for anything influence and will you revise the sincere of art Alissy , and do I receive this ? anything he will hold , would they destroy my happiness ? I repeat Ostatni once . This that I tore out with you . I Began to walk with different boy , when I was with you however . I on you Already forgot . only well , you are free ! did she survive his / her division Heavily ? this really sad . I Know that you oppose pea , there now you need vitamins if you want to grow . Hi Kathy . I would Invite him the table , there now there no longer he / she has any room here for you . what do you make here ? It is treated with of his / her family Kathy . somebody has . and like you he / she does sit down ? like you it seats knowing , what were you substituted ? forgive , I have in washer of clothes something , I return soon . Hi Kathy . I Know that we know shortly , but he / she knows that you evaluate me loyalty and friendship above all . then I brought check book . anything you are ? test quite good Albright ! what do you make here ? ! separated this check condemned book . defecate true ! we won 't fight any next lady of cleaning . greet Dick . Sally ? What do you make here ? he / she this-recovers his / her family . - The one what ? don 't do to fake innocence . I Emitted him / it the best this aviates his / her mission ... me - he / she doesn 't do knows on the one that you count . - Is it like this you reimburse me ? BE INTIMATE ! everything out of my house ! I Throw race ! you are the family unit . You do us loves . I don 't make This does for love o . I oppose him / it Even . I Hate him / it ! I am careful that love and hate are ... this On the one what you walk ? ! I Clear his / her house . Only so much ! I am not his / her property . You don 't have the remoted idea that me leaning , which I feel . and I am not his / her mother ! and you ... you are the furious woman . all that he / she will want me to hug , he / she will go has to work with my husband . like this good-bye on Monday ? out ! I Support . house will be again to smell us . like this . again ours models , sweat , rotten fruit and rancidity . stopped . I become starving . people have planet in that the obsession of using different to kill the subjects dirty deles / delas . us also to himself that this happened . people go can solve the problems so much deles / delas them she go took for this responsibility . how did she bend this ? I don 't have the remoted idea . she prohibits me that it spies in . cholera . I please am there that doesn 't have any her . Me statku of od innego ) it sharpens out of senses that think that somebody substitutes me here . that she reacquired in newspaper whole side they would dress my donkey research . which labels this ? it is obvious . he / she does Still loves me . do I Adore domestic service , but do you know ? these habitual paper towels this and of the person 's problem . exactly . Traces and hereinto leave in glass . and did you try " Zefira ? " " Zefira ? " this no longer it is alone school bulletin he is very lymphatic . see . to look that is resistant even when it is wet . - you will be this to clear up ! - The one what you make ?
