 Mr. Mallory ? Professor ? Natty threads . A couple more minutes and we 'll be free of these damned " truth collars . " I never realized how many lies a person can tell in the course of a day . Yes , their passion for truthfulness makes this one of the more interesting worlds we 've visited . And one I 'm more than anxious to leave , I have to tell you . The others are cutting it kind of close , aren 't they ? I guess this is it , then ? Yeah , I guess so . You are an amazing woman , Angelica . It breaks my heart to say goodbye . What I 'm trying to say ... is that if it wasn 't for my situation , I would be thinking about settling right here with you . I 'm not going to get away with any of this , am I ? It 's sweet of you to try to lie to me , but if you keep it up , that collar is going to electrocute you . " A " for effort , though . Goodbye . Bye-bye . Man , it 's one thing to have openness in a relationship , but these lie-detector collars , they make my best sweet talk almost impossible . I 'm surprised that girl 's still speaking to me . I 'm surprised they have any relationships at all in this world . In business or in love , a little hypocrisy is necessary to " grease the wheels . " Guys , we got problems - big time . Did you bring the wire cutters ? No time . Come on , let 's get out of here . What 's going on ? Come on , let 's go . I don 't want to miss this shot . Come on , hurry up . I met him at this dumb art opening . He was chatting me up - " Where are you from ? " and everything . With these crazy collars on , there wasn 't any way around it . Pretty soon he wormed the whole story out of me . What - ? You told a guy from " Hard Copy " about sliding ? What was I supposed to do - lie and get electrocuted in front of 250 art patrons ? - I think not . - What 's the worst that can happen ? He goes on TV , tells the world about us - we 're long gone by then . Quinn Mallory , " boy genius . " Uh-oh . And you must be the illustrious Professor Arturo . And Crying Man " Brown . I hope you don 't mind - I thought I 'd come watch the slide . Sounds really incredible ! Three , two , one . Oh , God , fabulous ! Are you getting this ? Anything you want to say to the American people before you go ? No comment . Sensational ! Oh-hh , yuck ! Hey , you okay ? Okay , Professor , I know it 's an egg ... but what kind ? I think I have a more interesting question . Where 's San Francisco ? Maybe it 's all just part of a park . Listen , shh , shh . Absolutely no urban noise . There 's no cityscape . This area is completely undeveloped . It 's beautiful . And peaceful . Hey , guys ... ? What the hell is that ? Whatever it is , it knows we broke its egg . Take off ! This way ! Run ! Come on ! What is that thing ? Come on ! Come on , guys ! Hustle ! Don 't look back , just keep running ! What if you could travel to parallel worlds ? The same year , the same Earth , only different dimensions ? A world where the Russians rule America ? Or where your dreams of being a superstar came true ? Or where San Francisco was a maximum security prison ? My friends and I found the gateway . Now the problem is finding a way back home . SLIDERS 2x07 " IN DINO VERITAS " Subtitles subXpacio - Oh , oh ! - Guys ! Professor ? Oh , it 's my ankle . Can you walk ? Yes , yes , yes . Wait a minute . Up ahead . What if she saw us ? Careful . Don 't move . Oh , my God . Get down there . At least we 'll be out of the open . Watch your step . Wade , you watching ? Yes . Careful . Hang on , guys , just a second . Let me sit down just a second . We should be okay for a few minutes . There 's a cave up the hill . Maybe we can hide there for a while . Think you 're gonna be able to handle that ? Yeah , sure - ooh ! Damn these truth collars ! Are we never going to be rid of them ? You were the one that said not to remove them . That 's because it was a felony on that world . All right , guys , no bickering . This is how we got into trouble last week . I think it might be broken . We 've got to get him to a doctor . How long till we slide , Professor ? Who 's got the timer ? - That 's not funny . - I 'm not joking . Come on . Don 't tell me that ! Great Scott , it must have fallen out of my pocket when I tripped . I 'm going back for it . What about the dinosaur ? No choice . It might only be a couple minutes till the next window . Wish I could come with you . Oh - ! I know what you 're trying to say , Professor . I 'll meet you back up at the cave . Think you can make it ? Hang on a second . Feels as if it 's twice its normal size . Give me your handkerchiefs . We 'll put cold water on it . Yeah . We 'll get that boot off inside the cave , all right ? - All right . - Right now , you should try to elevate it . Let 's go , guys ! Come on , let 's go ! What ? Look . - What about Quinn ? - He said he 'd meet us . He 'll find us . Come on , we 're almost there . What if there 's more of them inside ? At least they 'd be smaller than the others . I 'll take my chances . Easy , Professor , easy . Look at this place . How 's Quinn ever going to make it here with that thing out there ? No need to panic , Mr. Brown . Young Mallory is a gentleman of almost infinite resourcefulness . Yeah ... I 'm not panicking , Professor . I 'm just not sure about how much time we have . For all we know , we may have already missed the slide . I 'm sure the odds are still greatly in our favor . We 'll just have to wait till nightfall . Why don 't you sit down over here if you 're going to have to wait around a bit , huh ? Hey , guys , I 'm going to take a look around . Okay , be careful , Wade . How 's it feel , Professor ? It hurts like hell ! Look , let me go check on Wade , okay ? You stupid old man . Rembrandt ... there are people here . Who do you think these people are , Professor ? Sort of a puzzle , isn 't it ? On our Earth , man and dinosaur were separated by at least 65 million years . Now , sliding is never time travel . So the real question is not so much who these men are , but what on earth dinosaurs are doing in the last twilight of the 20th century . Yeah , I thought they always preferred the warmer climates . There 's no conclusive evidence that they were cold-blooded . Perhaps they could live in any climate . Wasn 't a comet supposed to have raised some kind of dust cloud that killed all the dinosaurs ? Maybe it missed the Earth here . Possible . In any event , if dinosaurs are the dominant life form on this Earth , it 'll be interesting to see what 's happened to the humans . - Good heavens ! - Go away ! Hey , put that down ! Are you trying to blind her ? You already killed her baby . Isn 't that enough ? Who are you ? National Dinosaur Preserve Ranger . Your turn . I am Professor Maximillian Arturo ... and this is Miss Wells and Mr. Brown . Pursuant to federal statutes 113 / 24B and C , you are all three under arrest . Wait a minute , under arrest for what ? Trespassing on a restricted preserve , destruction of an endangered species , otherwise known as " poaching . " Poaching ? This is an animal reserve , all of San Francisco ? San Francisco National Dinosaur Preserve and Spotted Owl Sanctuary . Yes , of course . If dinosaurs had survived into the 20th century , they would have to be on a protected species list . Wait a minute . We 're not poachers . We 've got a friend out there . Not anymore , you don 't . I saw the remains of a man about a mile from here . What ? Madam Ranger , can you describe him ? What 's left of him ? You 're lucky I can even tell you that he 's human . Don 't panic . Miss Wells , do not panic ! Wade ! Quinn ? ! Quinn ! - I 'm going out there . - No , you 're not . - Let me go ! - Listen to me ! It 's suicide , okay ? Look , the ranger made it . If Quinn 's dead , I 've got to know . Quinn is all right , okay ? I can feel it in my bones . That 's it , I 'm going ! No , no , no , listen to me . He 's alive ! He 's just waiting until it gets dark , all right ? You gotta have faith . Okay ? Let 's look after the Professor . Come on . That looks serious . Ah , well ... I got it running away from your pet Tyrannosaurus Rex . " Pet Tyrannosaurus Rex " ? That 's an Allosaurus . What kind of a poacher are you ? Why do you keep saying that ? We 're not poachers . Right - you 're not poachers . You happened to stumble into San Francisco National Forest without noticing the posted signs or the electrical fence . Ma 'am , we have a story to tell - Save it for the trial ! An arrest team has already been dispatched from San Jose Ranger Station . They should be here day after tomorrow to trek you out of here - If they can get you past that dinosaur . Lady - What the hell ? What did you think - a real person could get past that Allosaurus out there ? You 're not real ? Of course I 'm real - a real person in San Jose . I sent my hologram to monitor you until the arrest team arrives . Madam , you see the surprise on the face of my friends . Doesn 't that trouble you ? Here , there must be holographic guards everywhere . But these people have clearly never seen one . Now , listen to what I 'm going to say . We 're scientists - we have found a way to slide ... between one world and another - interdimensionally . In the world that we come from , dinosaurs are long extinct and this area is a great city of San Francisco . Now , we will shortly be going , but first we must find out whether our friend is living or dead . Second , we must recover a timer , which foolishly I dropped . It 's very inventive , really , except that I 've been following you for weeks . I 've seen the trail of devastation that you 've left behind . " Devastation " ? What are you talking about ? If we can prove what we 're saying - about being sliders - will you help us find our friend and get our equipment back ? Look , these things around our neck - have you ever seen one of them before ? Yeah , in a " Frederick 's of Hollywood " catalog . It 's not a joke . It 's a lie detector from the last world we were on . Any time I lie , it sends an electrical shock through my body . The worse the lie , the bigger the shock . You know your world has nothing like that , right ? What 's the point ? I am an animal poacher out to hurt the dinosaurs . I cracked a dinosaur egg on purpose . Wade , stop . She doesn 't believe you . I was born on this Earth . Miss Wells , enough ! What are you trying to prove ? I 'm risking my life . These things will kill you if you lie habitually . All it tells me is that you know how to wince and twitch . God , why won 't you believe us ? We are human beings ! You cannot possibly care more for those monsters out there than you do about people , can you ? Oh , Miss Wells ... Don 't you have a spark of compassion ? Listen to me . Those " monsters out there , " they 're not trying to eradicate an entire species . Human beings are . Do I care more about those dinosaurs than you ? Yes , I do ! Well done , Miss Wells . You certainly brought her around to our point of view . - Leave her alone , Professor . - Knock it off , Rembrandt . I 'm so tired of you guys worrying about little Wade . " Come on , guys . We 're losing it , huh ? I don 't want to die here . I want Quinn back . And I want to slide out of here . Miss Wells , it 's getting dark . Now is not the time to panic . Under the cover of darkness I believe Quinn will find his way to us and we have every reason to be optimistic . And we should keep firm control of our emotions until we can get these damned millstones from off our necks . Okay , that 's it . I 'm going out there . Where did you say you saw the body ? Why ? So you can destroy the evidence ? No , so we can identify our friend . Let 's go . No , I 'm faster than you . So what ? Miss Wells , I know that it must appear as if we are condescending to you but we cannot needlessly risk your life . Now , this is what must happen ! Mr. Brown will go and find Quinn and find that he 's alive . Together they will find the timer . And all together we will slide off this horrendous world and away from this holographic harridan . I must warn you , I may be a hologram , but I can track you anywhere . It 's my job and I 'm good at it ! What 's so funny ? Madam , I promise you , that as a hologram you cannot possibly go where we go . If you 're not back in half an hour , I 'm coming after you . We 're coming after you . It 's a deal . How 's the ankle ? It 's stiffening up , I 'm afraid . Is it just me , or is it getting colder in here ? I think we should gather a bit more firewood . Absolutely . We don 't want to add pneumonia to our problems , do we ? Don 't worry , Professor . Oh , Miss Wells , I must confess to a certain measure of pessimism and despair . I thought you said everything was going to be all right . I could be far more stoic if I didn 't have this damn truth collar around my neck . It 's ironic , isn 't it ? At the time of our greatest danger , to be deprived of the comforts of platitude and self-deception . Q - Ball ? What are you thinking about ? A few weeks ago , we were on that world without clothes , remember ? How could I forget ? It wasn 't exactly my finest hour , was it ? But then , none of us exactly covered ourselves in glory , did we ? Or anything else , for that matter . We have certainly seen the best and the worst of each other . I used to have the biggest crush on him . Did you know that ? Now , after everything we 've been through ... I just really love him , you know ? Without condition . I 'd give my life for him . You know , I think all of us would . The first time I met him , I was giving ... a rather brilliant , but very technical lecture to a bunch of very distinguished scientists . Suddenly ... this tall , gangling first-year student gets up and asks an impertinent question . I was annoyed at him . Then , about a week later , it suddenly occurred to me , quite possibly he was right . Then , I was exceedingly annoyed at him . You have no idea , Miss Wells , the joy of being a teacher when at last you come across that rare and unique thing - that first-class mind . That boy is well , I 'm sure he is ! I can feel it in my bones . - Gunshots ! - Oh , my God . - Rembrandt ! - Miss Wells ! Rembrandt ! - Go , girl ! Get out of here ! - What were those gunshots ? Let 's not stick around and find out ! Go ! That thing almost finished me . It was only five feet away . Oh , no . Take the belt and use it to secure the splint , but not so tight you cut off the circulation . I want to thank you for saving my life out there . That was you , right ? Yeah , well , you looked like you could use a little help . Yeah , you 're telling me . Relax , Ranger , all I did was put a couple of pockmarks in your precious Allosaurus . Did you happen to see anybody else out there ? Sure - the Mormon Tabernacle Choir , and two Shriners' conventions . Who else would be stupid enough to wander into these killing fields ? " Stupid enough , " or just greedy ? Yeah , well , if it makes you feel any better about me , you can tell your buddies at the Department of Interior we tangled with a herd of velociraptors yesterday . Final score was Homo sapiens , six , raptors , one . Six ? You killed six velociraptors ? And they killed my partner and left me stuck here with a bunch of stinking skins ! So don 't go all weepy for the little green bastards , okay ? Which presents us with an opportunity . The Englishman 's ankle needs medical attention . A couple days in this cave , infection 's going to set in . He could lose the leg . I 've got a secret way off this preserve . You help me haul my goods out of here , I 'll save your friend 's leg . He is lying ! We have the perimeter sealed tight . Right - that 's why you 've been so successful stopping me all these months . What do you mean by " goods " ? Dinosaur organs , hides , body parts , the mere possession of which can result - I mean , raptor endocrine glands to help speed burn healing , stegosaur lymph nodes for cancer research , not to mention , over a hundred pounds of sinew for heart surgery . What he really means is stegosaur sex organs for the Chinese to grind up as aphrodisiacs . Hey , a man 's got a right to a little profit . I never said I was a saint . Please , help me . Your cooperation can only better your chances with the magistrate . Don 't forget to promise them the helicopter airlift . - Can you do that ? - It 's not impossible . They 'll never bring the chopper in here . It disrupts the mating habits of their " gorgeous lizards . " It 's not true . Damn you ! How did you do that ? Your basic jamming signal - the only way to deal with a hologram . So ... we got a deal or what ? I don 't think this fella 's going to be too happy if we tell him no . How are you feeling ? Actually , better . Either that , or I 'm running on adrenaline . He 's flushed . Yeah . I 'm fine ! I 've been sitting too close to the fire , that 's all . Ow ! If we wait for the ranger , he 's never going to make it . What do you say , Professor ? Well , let 's look at our options . If we wait for the ranger , we end up on trial . If we go with this fellow , we might end up in sanctuary - if we can believe a word he says . Or we can go for the timer - between us and which there happens to be the most dangerous carnivore that ever walked the Earth . Yeah , and what about Quinn ? He might still be alive . Yeah , I agree . That body the ranger saw could be this man 's partner . We can 't possibly leave here until we ascertain Mr. Mallory 's fate . Besides , I don 't want to stay on this world ... crippled or not . What are you talking about back here ? Nothing . We 're ... just checking on our friend . What are those things around your neck ? Ahem - souvenirs . Yeah , we picked them up on our last port of call . Yeah , well , it 's getting on to midnight . You people might want to get some sleep . It 's now or never , guys . All right , I 'll take care of it . Look ... we 've been talking ... and I think we 're going to take our chances here . Our friend might still be out there ... and we 've lost something that 's really important to us . Yeah , it 's going to get us back home . Let me make this real simple . I 've been out in front of those stiffs for over 16 months , but thanks to you , the Forest Service now has a photograph of me . I 'll probably wind up on " America 's Most Wanted " all because I saved your life . So the way I figure it , you owe me . We are conscious of the debt we owe you , sir , and we are extremely grateful . What the hell is that ? Nothing - he 's just not feeling too well . I couldn 't care less how grateful you are . All I care about is I got a million dollars ' worth of dinosaur parts in this cave . I am not going to leave them here for the Forest Service . Are we clear about this ? Yeah . Perfectly . Let 's get some sleep . We got a long day ahead . In case anybody has any enterprising ideas ... this here 's a hair-trigger , and I am a very light sleeper . Holographic observers - what a brilliant idea . Put one in places where no human can survive . And as guards , they 'd be terrific because their realism is such they 'd deter all but the most hardened criminal . Shh ... Where is she ? She must have gone . I 'm going out there . - Miss Wells - ! - Shh . You 'll wake the poacher . Mr. Brown - Listen - Rembrandt took a shot . Now it 's my turn . Don 't worry , I know what I 'm doing . Quinn ... ? Quinn ? Shut up . You trying to get us both killed ? - Let me go . - The hell I will . Listen , my friend might still be alive . He 's dead , lady , and so will you be if you keep this up . Run ! Get the hell away from her , you son of a bitch ! Quinn ? Come on . Come on . Come on ! There was this low outcropping . I squeezed myself in where the dinosaur couldn 't get me . You had us worried , that 's for sure . Ranger said that there was a body out there . Now there are two . Well , I never doubted that you were alive for a minute . Ouch ! Ooh . Am I glad to be rid of that collar . I can second that . I 'll never hold the unvarnished truth in quite the same high regard again . He went out to protect me . I feel so responsible . It was him or us . He did hold a gun to our heads , remember ? But he was true to his creed . He protected his species even though he despised us individually . I 'm sorry he 's dead , but - hold still - we 've still got to get the timer and hope we haven 't missed the slide . Rembrandt , have you found anything ? Aw , nothing that would hold off a dinosaur . I feel sort of ghoulish rifling through a dead man 's belongings . I doubt he 'd have any problems going through yours . Oh , look who 's here . Where have you been ? Trying to get them to authorize a helicopter . Who 's he ? His name 's Quinn . He 's the one we 've been looking for . How about that helicopter ? I 'm afraid not . The Archaeopteryx are in rut - it 's not a big enough priority . We have to die so that baby Archaeopteryx can be born ? I did find your timer , though . Great . It 's where you said , at the base of the hill . The readout says you still have about an hour and a half left . What about the Allosaurus ? She 's a patient hunter . She can wait you out for days . All this equipment , this guy 's got to have something we can use . - Those bottles . - What are they ? Attractants and repellents . Are they labeled ? No , just different colors . Oh , God , this has got to be a repellent . Ugh - ! No more so than this . Have you any idea which is which ? If I could smell , I could tell you . That 's something we wouldn 't want to guess wrong on , would we ? Flare gun and flares ... a rope , a grappling hook - Wait a minute ... that might work . All right . Well done , my boy . You okay ? I was a varsity gymnast in high school . Don 't worry about me , you 've got the tough part . Good luck , Miss Wells . No sweat . Wade , don 't fire the flare until you get our signal . Remember , fire right past her eyeline , just close enough to distract her . Ready when you are . All set ? Sure . Which way ? Inside the treeline . You see anything ? Yeah , they 're almost at the bottom of the hill . It 's over here . Wade , now ! Anything at all ? Just a lot of roaring and trees shaking . All right . Two minutes ! Wade , it 's not an hour ! We slide in two minutes ! Go ! Damn , woman ! You trying to give me a heart attack ? You have to go now . You only have two minutes . Go ! Let 's go ! Hurry ! Go on ! Go on without me ! I 'm not leaving you , damn it ! Come on ! Go on yourself , go on ! Wade , the repellents ! Wade , now ! Run , Wade , run ! - Go , go ! - What about Wade ? - I 'll wait for her . Go ! - Hurry ! Hurry ! Go ! Whoa ! Whoa-aa ! This is the best preserved Allosaurus skeleton I 've seen in all my years . Give you a hand , Professor ? Oof ! Whoa ! Are you all right ? I think so . You guys ? Fine . Yeah . Fine , considering the alternative . Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries
