 So ... you know about the spring dance next week , right ? Uh , yeah , yeah . Why , you wanna go ? - I don 't care . - Argh , good , phew ! Wait , so- - so you 're not asking me to the dance ? No . As usual , you have no clue . - What ? ! Wait , wait , wait , you just said- - - Never mind what I said . But I distinctly heard you say that you did not care- - you s- - she- - doesn 't she ever just leave quietly ? I don 't understand her . What 's to understand ? Kill her and get a new one . No , no , no , no , no , you can 't do that , see ? You gotta get a new one and then you kill her . It 's like the book says , " be prepared . " " The official boy scout guide book . " Who are the boy scouts ? They 're an elite pre-pubescent , paramilitary society . And I 'm gonna follow their ways . But , Harry , you 're neither elite , nor pre-pubescent . All in good time , Sally ... all in good time . - Whoa , what are you doing ? - It 's these ants , they 're everywhere . Well , you can 't kill ' em , I 'm breeding ' em . Oh , that makes sense . I 'm going for my merit badge in insect husbandry . So you 've turned my kitchen into an ant farm ? No , the ant farm is under your bed . The kitchen is more of a lounge area . - Okay , it 's okay . - Here we are , nice and safe . - Oh , oh , no , no ... - oh god . - Hello ? Dick 's a little shaken up . - What the heck happened now ? - Yeah , so ? Oh , I was driving along , radio blasting , wind rushing through my gorgeous hair , when suddenly , out of nowhere , wah ! Boom- - oh ! - What ? - He hit a chipmunk . A chipmunk ? What- - like one of those little Disney rats ? Oh , and we rushed him to the finest veterinarian in all of Rutherford , but it 's touch and go and these damn doctors won 't tell me what 's really going on . Oh , poor Chippy ... - you named it " Chippy " ? - Yeah . Hmm , well , I think it 's kind of catchy- - Chippy the chipmunk ... Chippy , the cheerful chipmunk ... the tragedy of Chippy , the cheerful chipmunk . - Oh , no ! - He 'll be all right . Object " a , " a 2,358-pound rambler American from 1964 , traveling at 45 miles per hour collides with object " b , " a tiny chipmunk ... weighing a mere eight ounces . Now , who can calculate the psychological toll this bloody collision will take on the driver ? Dr. Solomon , you hit a chipmunk ? Yes . Please , just tell me , would you like me to ask you to the dance ? Are you asking me to the dance ? No , I 'm asking you if you want me to ask you to the dance ? Okay , all right . August , would you like to go to the dance with me ? That depends . Are you just asking me ' cause I 'm mad at you ? - Yes . - Don 't bother . So , Tommy , don 't have a date for the dance ? Well , I- - I 'm not sure . Well , if you don 't ... - I hope it 's not too forward if I ask . - No . - Could you go with my friend , beth ? - Doh ! A proper tourniquet should minimize the blood flow to the affected extremity . This dance thing is nuts . It 's like the Nfl draft . August took her offer off the table , so now I 'm a free agent . If I can 't convince her to sign me back , I 'm gonna get drafted by the Rutherford uglies . I can 't believe the arbitrary way that humans decide which animals to revere and which to eat . It 's nothing more than a barbaric popularity contest . Take the koala bear : cute and cuddly . Have you ever heard of a koala burger ? A koala dog ? Koala falafel ? No ! The noble cow , whose only sins are her pendulous tits and redundant stomachs , is doomed to be sawed into freezer-friendly chunks and sold by the pound to the bloodthirsty masses . All right , everybody out , I 've got some killing to do . What 's going on ? We got ants , soldiers . - Dick : ants , we have ants ? - Yeah , not for long . You 're not killing anything ! Dick , they are disease - ridden vermines , they must be ex- - lieutenant ! Lieutenant ! You are forbidden to harm one single ant . Now , that 's a direct order . I 'm sorry , was I asleep when you turned into a big wussie ? No , this has nothing to do with me being a wussie . Chippy has opened my eyes . As of today , this apartment is a cruelty-free zone . Lieutenant , I order you to rid this house of any items made at the expense of our four-legged brethren . And we shall have no animal products , no animal by-products and you shall not buy any animal by-product , or products . - Have I made myself clear ? - Uh-huh . Come on , men , there 's work to be done . Hello , Rutherford animal clinic ? Yes , this is chippy 's daddy . Are there- - are there any signs of improvement ? Oh , I see ... well , did he get the basket of acorns I sent over ? Okay , well , I 'll check back in an hour . - Oh , Mary , I think you 'd better sit down . - What is it ? Chippy made it through the night , but the doctors say when he comes out of the coma , he may only have 20 to 30 % of his tree-climbing ability . You know , it would help if you stop thinking about it . - And stop talking about it . - But it 's my fault . What- - come on , Dick , this has been going on forever . First , man invented the wheel and then he invented road kill . You did all you could . I mean , most people wouldn 't have even slowed down , much less stop to perform mouth to mouth . Dick , there 's some frat guys out in the quad harassing a bison . Oh , my god , a bison ! - Those savages ! - Dick ! Why 'd you do that ? Because it 's just so easy . Nina , I need a woman 's point of view for something . Um , my girlfriend 's not speaking to me because I didn 't ask her to a dance . Mmm , send her flowers . She once told me that flowers reminded her of the morbid stench of death . Okay ... well , how about a gift ? Maybe a nice makeup kit . Uh , she sees makeup as a way for the arrogant misogynists to decorate the women they own and turn them into ... you know , like vacuous playthings . Oh , I bet you two have a lot of fun . Wait , that 's all you 've got ? What do I look like , " dear sandy " ? - Who 's " dear sandy " ? - The advice lady from the paper . You know , like , " dear sandy , I 'm a whiny little teenager with girlfriend problems and the only person I can bug about it is my dad 's stunning Nubian secretary . Yeah , yeah , yeah , could you write that down for me ? Sure , you mean the stunning Nubian part ? Hey , what you doing ? Just following orders , getting rid of all the meat products . Oh , I can 't watch . Wait , just a second . What 're you wearing ? - Mmm , binoculars . - No , the coat . - My coat ? - Yeah , it 's fur , animal fur . Give me the coat . No , no animals were harmed in the making of this coat . Oh yeah , I 'm sure some llama just unzipped his fur and said , " thank , god , Harry Solomon won 't be cold this winter . " That 's plausible . Whoa ! - An order 's an order . - Shut up . - Okay . Excuse me , it 's after 6 : 00 , you can give my chipmunk the pain shot now . Dr. Solomon , I was going to . - Oh , good , go ahead . - Just a few minutes . Well , please , it 's after 6 : 00 . It 's after 6 : 00 . I don 't see why he should have this pain . Sir , I will get to it in a minute . It 's time for his shot , you understand ? Do something ! He only had to hold out until 6 : 00 , and it 's past 6 : 00 . He 's in pain . My chipmunk is in pain . - Give him the shot , you understand me ? - You 're gonna have to behave . Give my chipmunk the shot ! - All right , I 'll get it . - Okay . The rabbit comes out of the hole ... runs around the tree , winks at the sailor ... finds god and voilà ! A perfect straight knot . Harry , I need your opinion . Read my " dear sandy " letter . I changed some of the specifics so nobody knows it 's me . " I have a problem , my girlfriend , I 'll call her Betty , wants me to ask her to the dance , I , being a wealthy , Korean businessman ... " this is crap ! Pardon my Korean . - What 's that ? - Sandwich . - What 's in it ? - Lettuce . I 'm gonna have to search that sandwich . Lettuce , bread , what 's this ? - Mayonnaise ? - So ? - Mayonnaise has eggs in it . - Eggs are not meat . Well , they would be if you didn 't kill them for mayonnaise . - I 'm gonna have to destroy this contraband . - Whoa- - ahh , what 's that on your shoe ? - Mayonnaise . - No ... no , no , it 's leather . Your shoes are made of leather and leather shoes come from leather cows . Okay , listen , easy there , hot rod . Let 's not get crazy about this . Maybe I got a little carried away . Here , Harry , have your sandwich back . I think Dick might like to have a little look in your closet . No-oo ! Oh , the salad bar is fantastic , Mary . You know , I don 't think we 'll ever get tired of eating this way . Beets , cauliflower , seasoned croutons , plain croutons- - did I mention beets ? - Yeah . - Yeah , and the beets , they are so nice . - Oh , no ! - What ? You ordered surf and turf and they brought you steak and lobster . Eh , waiter ! Dick , that 's what surf and turf is . I thought it was water and grass . Mary , how could you ? How could you do this to Chippy ? I 'm not eating Chippy . Oh , not now , but where will this carnage end ? Dick , sit down and eat your beets . All right . Look , I think it 's great that you have made this wonderful life-changing decision ... - but I will not sit here and let you berate me for living my life my way . Okay ? Okay . No , I can 't take it anymore ! I 'm hereby liberating these lobsters . Run ! Please , run for the river ! They can take your legs , but they 'll never take your freedom ! Come on ! Come on , run ! Well , you 're gonna have to run faster than that . Here , I 'll help you . Here- - oh , oh , ow ! Goodbye , old friends . We 've had some great times together , huh ? I never thought I 'd wear you , but you went with everything . And you , you were 50 % off when we met , remember that ? I do . Oh ! And you ... you silly , fun , open-Toed things . You gave me bunions , but damn , you made my gams look great . I think I 'll miss you most of all . " Dear sandy " is ignoring me , Harry . Listen to this . " Angry in Akron , " response , " conflicted in Cleveland , " response . She even responds to " yeast infection in Youngstown . " Oh , what kind of parent names their kid " yeast infection " ? Look at me . I am 100 % animal-free . Nothing was killed in the making of these garments . Sir , following your pointless and stupid orders , I have rid this house of every animal product . - My shoes . - Good work , lieutenant . Sally , are those ... all your shoes ? - Yeah . - Uh-huh ... - and you 're quite sure of that ? - Yes . - Every shoe you own . - Yes , yes , yes ! Oh , really ? - Then how do you explain these ? While completing my merit badge in water conservation , I found these taped to the inside of the toilet tank ? ! I 've never seen those before in my life . - Give ' em back to me ! - Lieutenant ! - You won 't be needing those anymore . As of today , I am issuing animal-Friendly foot gear . - Flip-flops ? - Mm-hmm , they are very stylish and they make the most delightful slapping sounds . You like slapping sounds ? I 'll show you slapping sounds . Put them on , lieutenant . Now , if you 'll excuse me . I 'm taking these shoes to a cow pasture to give them a proper burial . I 'd like to thank you all for being gracious enough to come witness this magical moment . This is so beautiful , it 's- - just let the rat go , it 's cold out here . It 's a chipmunk . Call it what it is , damn it . Three days ago , at exactly 6 : 38 P.M. , Two lives were forever changed . But in the aftermath of that violent collision , a flower of hope blossomed and that hope ignited a flame of inspiration which fueled a desire that inspired a dream- - - Tommy : okay , we get it . - Mary : oh , for god 's sakes ! Chippy , your sacrifice was truly a gift . You opened my eyes to a whole new way of life . And now I give the gift of life back to you . - Good bye , my friend . Suddenly this planet doesn 't seem quite so cruel , after all . - Oh , look ! Look at that beautiful majestic bird- hey ! Hey ! You leave him alone- - hey , run ! Chippy , run ! You- - get away from him , you winged beast ! Oh , nice arm , Dick . Oh , my god , what have I done ? I think you just killed that ... - " endangered peregrine falcon . " - Oh ! I 'm a menace to my fellow creatures . Well , you can 't save every living creature . Some live , some die , that 's just life happening . That 's just animals . What about us ? We are animals . We eat like animals , sleep like animals , have sex like animals . - Oh yeah , especially after a bottle of tequila . - Oh , yeah . Just be grateful you 're at the top of the food chain and nothing eats you . Oh , yeah ? What about that shark in " jaws " ? He 's so scary . Fine , have it your way . The whole world is just one giant savage smorgasbord . And if you don 't like it , I 'm afraid you 're just gonna have to build a rocket and jet off to some kinder , gentler planet . Oh , yeah , no , that would be the easy way out . No , I have to face it . I 'm nothing more than a death machine . Well , you 're also a life machine . You created a life ... Tommy . Oh , I had nothing to do with that . Come on , you had a little something to do with it . If it weren 't for you , he wouldn 't be here . Well , that 's true , I did bring him . Uh- - into this world , I mean . See , life has a way of balancing things out . You 're right , Mary . We 're part of a great cycle . " There 's a time to live , a time to die , a time to sow , a time to reap ... " a time to reupholster and a time to keep the furnishings you have and just brighten them up with a few throw pillows . Something like that . You know , I 'm suddenly feeling very creative . - Really ? - Mm-hmm . Did you kiss that dead chipmunk ? - Not on the lips . What you making ? - A spear . - Oh . I 'm making a sharpened stick . Oh , man ! I must have three cows worth of shoes in here . Dick , I cannot wait for you to go on your next insane kick , so I can get all new pants . Oy ! Did you get me a new coat ? No , we just dug your old one out of the trash . Oh ... pasta ! August , what are you doing here ? " Dear sandy , I didn 't ask my girlfriend to the dance and now she 's mad at me . It was a mistake and I 'd do anything in this world to make her happy . " Signed , " regretful in Rutherford . " It was like the pen was connected straight to my heart . - See you at the dance . - See you ! Oh ... nice letter , Tommy . - I didn 't write it . - Wh- - well , then who did ? A scout never expects praise for a good deed . - Gosh , it 's exactly your story , it 's uncanny . - I know . A good deed is its own reward . Come on , boys , who wants meat ? - I do , I do ! - I do , I do ! Hey ... good scout here , mean that I wrote the letter . It was me ! It was me ! - Mmm , meat ! - Yep ! It 's red , dead and corn-fed . - What 's that , lieutenant ? - An ant bomb . - You think that 's gonna kill the ants ? - It 's not working so far . Uh , could you pass the bacon ? Oh , yeah . Here . Okay . - Dick : come on , come on , yes . - You 'll be safe in here with me all day . Dick , where did you get that dog ? Some old guy with dark glasses was pushing her down the sidewalk . Okay , that 's it , you are officially out of control .
