 I don 't believe it . At last , a soft landing . Get a load of this place , huh ? These people have got to be some sort of millionaires . We 're on private property . Let 's get out of here . I think if we go this way , we should be all right . Guys ... Get him over to the side . Easy , easy . Is he breathing ? There 's no pulse . Okay , let 's clear his mouth . Good heavens ! All right . Hello ! There 's been an accident ! Clear his mouth . He hasn 't swallowed his tongue , anyway . He won 't feel any pain . He 's long dead . How could this happen ? What if you could travel to parallel worlds ? The same year , the same Earth , only different dimensions ? A world where the Russians rule America ? Or where your dreams of being a superstar came true ? Or where San Francisco was a maximum security prison ? My friends and I found the gateway . Now the problem is finding a way back home . SLIDERS 2x11 " THE YOUNG AND THE RELENTLESS " Subtitles subXpacio No , I haven 't called the police yet . Because the press will be all over us , that 's why . Look , Gillette , I can 't cope with all this right now . Just please , get here as soon as you can , okay ? Thank you . Looks as if you two were an item on this world . Take a look at all these photographs . If we had arrived half an hour earlier ... we might have been able to save him . Take a look at this . What ? That boy is running for President ? He can 't be more than 17 . Is there anything we can do ? Thank you . You 're very kind . Not at all . Not at all . Maybe you 'd rather be alone . Uh , no , please . That 's so eerie - seeing the two of you . Yes , well , it 's as we explained . It 's ... Parallel worlds . Amazing . You 're dripping wet . I 'm sorry , let me get you some clothes . Excuse me . You and your Quinn , you were - ? He was my husband . You decent ? I suppose so . - Too bad , I 'm coming in . Wow , these clothes are so retro . I know . This is so strange . I know . This whole situation is a lot to take in . So much I want to ask her . I mean she 's me , but she 's not me . Obviously we 're not together like they were , but , Quinn , if something happened to you , I don 't think I could handle it . May I come in ? My God , you look just like him . Mr. Gillette will take your wet clothes and have them laundered . How are you two doing ? We 're still a little shaken , but I think we 're okay . I 've got to pull myself together and get dressed . I 've got a guest coming any minute . Guests ? For what ? We were hosting a party to lobby the state legislature for Edulearn . Edulearn ? The public school system here is a national disgrace . It was QR 's dream to give all Americans , rich and poor , a chance at a solid education . He had developed a computer program so advanced ... it would replace the public schools and save the taxpayers billions . But now - I don 't know what I 'm going to tell these people . Why don 't you just tell them the truth ? You have to understand the big picture . This project was so identified with QR it will die without him . He worked so hard on this , it breaks my heart . Excuse me . You can 't be serious . It 's only for a couple of hours . The party will break up around midnight and then we 're out of here . Yeah , but what good will that do ? When you leave tomorrow , the Quinn on this world will still be dead . Mr. Mallory , you 're impersonating a dead man . If somebody finds out there 'll be an inquiry . That means the authorities . That means that you 've compromised the slide . All she needs me to do is schmooze a couple of state legislators ... so they can vote final passage on Friday . I 'm playing myself here , guys . Plus , she needs us . Don 't look at me . You look incredible . I really appreciate you doing this . They 're starting to arrive downstairs . Just remember , you are the ace designer of Advanced Software Industries . Stand close and follow my lead . Well , we 'll be there for moral support . - Oh ... - Is that a problem ? Well , it 's just that they 're over 30 . QR had very few senior affiliations other than the housemaids and the rest of the staff . No offense . Well , it 's hard not to take an offense ... when you 've just been told you 're a second-class citizen . Why don 't you guys check out the city ? We 'll meet you back at the hotel . Shall we ? Here we go . QR , my man . I told McNamara you 'd signed off on " Dream Warrior " and he was like , " I 'm still not sold on the artwork . " Just give me the okay to can him , and I can make this thing fly . Whatever you think is right . All right , QR rocks ! Excelente ! What was that about ? That 's just Richie . He was sort of QR 's errand boy . Hi . Kyle Beck , CFO . Kyle ! - QR . I heard a rumor you 're thinking of bailing on Edulearn and signing on with Microtech . I thought we were rock solid . Of course we are , Kyle . Can I talk to you a second ? Excuse us . Today 's Supreme Court ruling upholding the government 's decision to suspend Social Security ... Would you look at that , Professor ? ... sparked noisy protests in the nation 's capital . It 's unbelievable the way this society treats its elderly . Listen to this . It appears the youth of this society took over in 1980 when it was determined the Social Security system stood to bankrupt the entire economy . The environment was befouled , the nuclear arms race threatened the future of mankind . Jimmy Carter was hounded from office by Howard Stern , the radio host . Howard Stern 's responsible for this mess ? The power of talk radio . First thing he did was to lower the voting age to nine . " Because baby boomers glutted the job market , workers are required to retire and get out of the way by the age of 30 . " On the bright side , it says here " The Department of Recycling and Waste Management is a success and Congress has outlawed timber clear-cutting . " Yeah , that would really cheer me up , Professor - if I were a tree . Yes , well , we both need cheering up . - How about a drink ? - You 're on . Thank you . Beer , Mr. Brown ? Fine , thanks . Good evening , sir . Can we have two beers , please ? You can read , can 't you ? OVER AGE ? NO SERVICE ! Yes indeed , I can read . The question is , can you hear ? Two beers , please . Forget it , Professor . There 's got to be another bar around here . Wise man . Why don 't you listen to your friend here , " Obi-Wan " ? Sir , I don 't know what I 've done to provoke this hostility , but whatever it is , I apologize for it , but I would like two beers . You know , life would be a lot easier , if you people would accept your place . And what place would that be , sonny ? Hey ! Call the cops ! Somebody call the cops ! We need to talk . You 're supposed to call me . What happened ? You still haven 't told her about us , have you ? I 'm out of here . Call me when you get your act together . Who was that ? She 's nobody . I talked to Kyle . I think I chilled him out . He was acting like I was a holdout . I thought I was on board with this Edulearn thing . You are . Kyle and QR were just going back and forth over the final points of the contract , that 's all . Yo ! Kenny Hatcher - watch your back . I 've had my eye on you , QR . There 's something different about you tonight . Must be you 're psyched because you know the value of your stock options is about to triple , huh ? Can I borrow him a second ? Bro ' , I got to take one last run at you . Edulearn is bogus , man . Especially the way Kyle Beck describes it . We 're about to throw all these elderly teachers out of work for that ? It 's one way to look at it . QR , you and I came up in this company together . You threaten to take your name off this and they 'll fold . We can branch out on our own and give these people an alternative to public education . QR ? Hey , think about it , okay ? Let me guess , he asked you to take your name off Edulearn ? Do me a favor , stay away from him . Wade - ? Thank God it 's you . What are you doing ? Going through their medicine cabinet ? Busted . I just sort of wanted to get to know him better , you know ? Funny , I 'm feeling exactly the opposite . This world 's full of snakes and I get the feeling I was one of them . Why would they have all these stimulants ? It 's a hyped-up world , Wade . These people have to succeed by the age of 30 or they 're out to pasture . They 're probably his anyway . I guess if you love somebody enough , you 're willing to ignore some ugliness , right ? This party can 't go all night , can it ? All right , man . Thanks again , bro ' . - Thanks . Nice to see you . - Thanks , all right . Thank you again for coming . Thank you , ladies , again . Thank you . Great time , really . Okay , drive safely . Maybe we got away with it . He - he knows ? Well , I had to tell him . It was too important not to . Hey , relax , okay ? You were great . Quinn , shouldn 't we be going ? Uh , let me propose something . I think we 're going to be okay with the legislature , but you know what would really put us over the top ? If QR could be there to lobby the governor on Friday . I want to be helpful here , but we had some pretty close calls tonight . I think we 've taken this as far as we can . What if I told you I have something that I believe you need to continue your journey ? Kyle , don 't do this . He helped us . Yes , and he 'll help us again , guaranteed . Give me the timer back , man . It 's of no use to you . Wade , please . You 're not dealing with her now - you 're dealing with me . You get the big picture ? Look , we do this my way , or you end up floating in a pool a second time tonight . There 's got to be some way we can contact Q-Ball . Mr. Brown , I don 't need help from a former student to handle a minor scrape with the law . We 'll plead our case , pay a fine if necessary , and go . Stand up ! Good heavens , that boy 's still wet behind the ears and he 's the judge . This world is mad . Sit , sit . Brown ? Arturo ? Actually , it 's Professor Arturo , miss . And you are ... ? Tiffany August , your court-appointed public defender . I 'm being defended by a person called " Tiffany " ? Listen , Pops , you 're facing curfew violation , and an assault charge - one year in the can . My advice , you play dumb , we plead senility , and get you off with 30 days in county lockup . Cool ? No , madam , that is not " cool . " I happen to be a professor of Cosmology and Ontology and I have more brain in my pinky than you have in your entire head . Added to which , I am old enough to be your - My grandfather . I know . I was going to say your father . Look , Tiffany , we 're leaving town day after tomorrow so 30 days is out of the question . Are you ready , Tiff ? Yes , Your Honor . Come with me . All right , Counselor , what are we gonna do with these two ? Guilty , Your Honor , by reason of senility . Okay , I 'm going to go easy on you , 'cause I like the new ' do . That 's it ? We 're not allowed to speak in our own defense ? You can speak all you want , " Dad , " but I don 't got to listen . Professor , you 're just making it worse . How could it be worse when your judge is " Dennis the Menace " and your lawyer is a Debbie Gibson wannabe ? Hey - old geezer . It 's one thing to cap on me , but I ain 't gonna stand here and let you insult the cutest counselor in town . 30 days ! Next case . Yeah , yeah , yeah . I 'm sick and tired of you talking ' bout it 's always my fault . - Well , it is your fault . - I 've had as much as I 'm gonna take ! - You 've had it ? ! - Oh , shut up ! - What 's wrong , man ? - My heart ! - Do something ! - Help me ! Do something ! - Come on ! - Nice work , Mr. Brown . Nice work , Professor . You 're another Richard Burton . - You were pretty good yourself . - Yeah ? Convincing . Almost too convincing . - Yeah , that 's because I wasn 't acting . - What ? Joke . Come on ! Who 's Melanie White ? It 's nothing . A disgruntled housewife who 's suing us to cut herself in on the profits from Edulearn . Suing us ? Forgive me , okay , but if I 'm going to act the part here , I think you need to fill me in a little better . Her late husband was head of Research and Development for a while . He was jealous of QR . There was a power struggle and when he realized QR had a winning hand ... he killed himself . We take corporate politics very seriously , Quinn . I can see that . If we haven 't made it by our 30th birthday , it 's all over . Now you know more than you ever wanted to . Richard ? Okay , now , remember ultimately , this will all be animated . Narrator says , " Today we will review addition . If I drink seven bottles of Impact Cola and you drink five , how many bottles of Impact Cola will we have enjoyed ? 12 , that 's right . Four more correct answers and you can reward yourself with a frosty bottle of Impact Cola . " Hold up a second . Problem ? Yes , there 's a problem . That 's not educational , it 's an ad for soft drinks . What are you talking about ? It 's not about educating , it 's about trying to sell Impact Cola . Have you forgotten what the objective was ? I think QR has a point . It 's too commercial . It needs some work . But the revolutionary notion of using commodities that will make kids want to learn is still a good and exciting one . We 'll get there - as long as we remain united behind the concept . Guys , will you give us a second , please ? Something 's up with QR . Keep an eye on him . What do you think you 're doing ? This is Edulearn ? It 's a promotional presentation . " The future of the American education system . " Look , don 't fly off the handle . Kids love brand names . All we 're doing is taking advantage of that . Impact Cola practically underwrote half our R and D. I 'm sure you made a sweet deal . Look , why don 't you just try and stay cool ? Worst case scenario , this whole thing 's over a week from Wednesday . A week from Wednesday ? I thought I was meeting with the governor tomorrow . - There might be a problem with that . - What ? Well , we 're on the books for next week , but we 're still trying to move it up . I don 't think you understand . If I don 't slide out of here by Wednesday evening , I 'm stuck here . Quinn - relax , okay ? You 're going to have to trust me . I 'm not going to let you down . I 'm sorry , Mr. Mallory . Melanie White is downstairs . Tell her to contact Mr. Mallory 's lawyer . What do you think I told her ? I said next Wednesday 's too late . She said she was going to try and explain the situation to Kyle - whatever that means . I wouldn 't count on it . What are we gonna do ? Every time I turn around this Gillette guy 's there . It 's like I 'm under house arrest . Okay , look , I should be back in about an hour . Just hang tight . Quinn , I called The Dominion . Arturo and Rembrandt never checked in last night . I 'm starting to get worried . Well , they 're adults . I 'm sure they 're fine . Bye . Aw , forget it . It 's no go , Professor . The number to that mansion is unlisted . We 're downtown , the mansion was out by Mount Wilson . Since we 're on the lam , I suggest we take a taxi . Taxi ? They confiscated our wallets . - Aw , man . - Almost curfew , " Grandpa " ! Yes indeed - so why don 't you hurry home and cuddle up with " Teddy " ? We 're going right now . Come on , let 's go . We 're going right now , no problem . Mallory . Your subpoena , you bastard . I wanted to see the look on your face . You 're Melanie White . Oh , I 'm flattered you remember - considering you and my husband were once like brothers . It 's all coming down , QR - Kyle Beck , Edulearn - the whole cover-up . And your little wife 's gonna fall the hardest . My wife ? You and I both know she masterminded my husband 's murder . Claiming he OD 'd on drugs - Freddie never so much as took an aspirin . Can you - can you prove any of this ? I 'll prove it ... if it 's the last thing I do . One word of warning - when they 're finished with you , they 'll kill you , too . Yo . What are you doing in here ? Relax , I 'm just looking for a couple of spec sheets . Why don 't you do it some other time ? I 've got to make a phone call . QR , I 'm starting to worry about you . You 're not acting like yourself . I 'm sorry . I guess now that we 're getting down to the short strokes on Edulearn , I 've been kind of on edge . Forget about it . I 'll tell you what you do need - a little sailing this weekend . The sun , fresh air , a little scuba ? Sounds great . All right . Hey , Wade . Oh , by the way , QR and I are up for a little scuba next weekend . Later , QR . What did you say to him ? Nothing . I told you to watch what you say . QR was terrified of water . He knows something 's wrong . Damn it ! One problem at a time . I just had a run-in with Melanie White . She says her husband didn 't commit suicide , he was murdered . And you accepted it on faith ? Quinn , why would you take the word of somebody you 've never even met before over mine ? I 'll tell you why . Because everything you 've told me so far has been a lie . I called up Sacramento . The governor doesn 't even get back into the country until the weekend . You know something , Quinn ? I don 't think I like the way you 're talking to me . I want the timer back , and it can 't wait till Wednesday . It 'll be all over by then . You have a conference call with the lieutenant governor in 20 minutes . Do the call , I 'll talk to Kyle . See if I can work my magic . Obviously , that 's something I 'd have to discuss further with Kyle Beck . We 'd have no problem shipping at least 20 million units over the first two years . That 's good to hear , buddy . We 're counting on your support . Okay , thanks . You 're a born salesman . Better even than QR . Call Gillette , tell him to release Wade from house arrest . Look , I 'm doing this for you , Quinn , because I care . Maybe even a little more than I should ... and I think maybe you can 't help feeling a little bit for me , too . The only thing we have in common , is wishing the person we were looking at was someone else . You call this slop food ? Which would you prefer , Mr. Brown , slop here or three squares behind bars ? Since you asked , what I 'd really like is for us to make tracks back to Quinn and Wade . It 's curfew . We 'd be caught on the street . We 're better off joining them just before the slide . Till then , if we stay here , our peers will give us cover . They 're never going to give us the timer back . This woman all but accused our doubles of masterminding her husband 's murder . - What ? - She 's filing some major lawsuit . The point is , maybe it 's a chink in their armor . If we could find a piece of evidence , a smoking gun , maybe we can use it as leverage . Yeah , well , how are we going to do that ? All I need is a computer and some privacy . I can access the police records . If we have some more information , maybe I can work an angle . My dear Miss August , you 've already demonstrated that you 're not particularly bright . How the devil did you find us here ? You 're joking , right ? Like , half the fossils in here pass through my office . Look , sweetheart - we don 't want any trouble now . We 're leaving town tomorrow . Can 't you cut us some slack ? Right . Like I 'm going to screw up my chances to make points with my boss to help you two geezers when you pull a jailbreak on my watch ? That was a kangaroo court this morning . Escape was mere self-defense . Now , I know it 's been a very long time , but try and think back on the reasons why you became a public defender . Sure . My grades weren 't good enough to get a high-priced corporate job . Okay , Tiffany ... Tiffany , maybe your grades weren 't good enough because all you cared about was moving up the corporate ladder . Now , if you really want to get out of the Public Defender 's Office , you 're going to have to impress people , stand out among the crowd by actually trying to win a case instead of just shuffling people through the system . Thanks , I 'll take that under advisement . Adds a whole new meaning to " August for the People , " doesn 't it ? This is so weird . They were here on Tuesday but haven 't been back since . We 'll find them . I just accessed the coroner 's report . Fred White was found on the floor of his garage with a . 25 concentration of amphetamines in his bloodstream . Let me see . Talk about your overdose . This guy took enough to kill an elephant . Wait a minute . Quinn , remember when we were changing ? I was going through my double 's drawers ? - All those stimulants ? - So ? Maybe that 's what she used to kill him . Your double 's not stupid , Wade . She 's not going to leave the murder weapon sitting in a drawer in the bathroom . What if she murdered QR , too ? Let 's get out of here . I 've got an idea . Look , all we need to do is make it sound halfway credible . We don 't need a smoking gun - just the illusion of one . Lovely evening for a ride , isn 't it ? What do you want ? Apparently ... your urge to play detective ... has upset Miss Wells . She asked me to remove the problem . Now , drive . - Are you going with the neon presentations ? - Yeah , absolutely . I thought it was all very simple , Mallory . You help me , you get your equipment back . But I hear you 've been meddling in situations - talking to people with an ax to grind against this company . I don 't call that playing ball . I 'm tired of playing ball with you , Kyle . Dim the lights . There 's something I want to show you . QR was a brilliant programmer , but he was like a child . He thought corporate games were beneath him . So you killed Fred White so QR could get a seat on the board ? I thought it was the only way to advance his career . It 's absurd . That 's Wade 's double in a lousy wig . Turn it off . It gets better , Kyle . She confesses to murdering QR , too . In for a penny , in for a pound . He was going to leave her for Margo - cut her off without a dime . No , this is ridiculous . I can get a photo analyst and blow this whole thing out of the water . Maybe , but by that time a copy of this tape will be leaked to the media . What are the chances of the governor passing Edulearn into law once " Hard Copy " airs your corporate vice president 's murder confession as its lead segment ? What do you want ? I don 't care about you , Edulearn , or anything else in this world . Get me the timer , I 'm out of your life and everything I know goes with me . It 's " win-win , " Kyle . Isn 't that what corporate ball playing is all about ? We don 't have a lot of time . Is everything in place ? Just hurry . Any word from the professor or Rembrandt ? - Nothing . - Great . Great . Quinn , we slide in three hours . All right , look , let 's just try to stay calm . I 'll be back soon . Okay . I hope you know what you 're doing . Mr. Brown , if we 're to have any hope at all of getting out of here in time to slide , at all costs we must stay away from that pre-pubescent public defender . Well , well . All recovered from your heart attack ... " Methuselah " ? I 'm feeling much better now . All right , then . How do you plead ? Guilty , sir , but with an explanation . Your Honor , may I approach ? Tiff ! What 's up , babe ? The buzz is you no longer represent these antiques . She still represents me , Your Honor . Your Honor , new information regarding the original charge of trespassing has come to my attention . According to article III , section 5 regarding eating establishments , I quote - " Signs refusing service are required to be posted in a location clearly visible from the exterior of said establishment . " As you can see from this photo , " The Lamplighter " has no such sign . There was no way my clients would have known they were overage . So therefore , I request that the charge of trespassing , and all related charges , be dismissed . Bummer . It looks like you 're right . Nice work , foxy lady . Girl , you just pulled a rabbit out of a hat . It seems like I owe you a favor . No , guys , I owe you . What you two said at the shelter , it really opened my eyes to a few things . So I hit the books and did some digging . I guess when you 're up to your ass in alligators , to tend to forget that your job is to drain the swamp . Is it them ? It 's her . Where the hell are you ? Hey , we were just getting ready to watch some TV . Feeling smug ? Don 't . Kyle Beck thinks he 's finally got me . I 'm going to prove that tape you created was phony . I 'll get my job back and a nice big settlement - after I sue him for wrongful dismissal ! Good luck , you 're gonna need the money for your defense . Defense of what ? Ooh , you look so angry . This is good . Watch this . That looked like that must have hurt . You used us , we use you . It 's okay . I put another copy on Kenny Hatcher 's desk . Nice try . Only you forget , there 's no body , and you won 't be around to testify . But he will . And I know where the body 's buried ... 'cause I put him there . How dare you ? After everything I 've done for you ? I got a better offer . I 'm the new heir to QR 's will . Oh , my God ! Pick up the phone , call Kenny Hatcher , and get the tape back . It 's too late , Wade . He 's already on his way to the DA 's office . They can 't prosecute a dead woman . I 'm going to kill you , and then I 'm going to commit suicide - only she 's going to do the dying part for me . I 'll start over in Florida . Mandatory retirement is 40 there . Put that down . Put it down . Put it down ! Don 't do it ! I will if I have to . They 're never gonna believe what happened to us . What makes me think that they may have a better story ? Hey , guys . What happened to your double ? It 's a long story . What happened to you guys ? It 's an even longer one . - Well , Professor , you were right . - About ... ? About never getting involved with the locals . We don 't know what we 're getting into . Like it or not , all the doubles we meet are essentially us . They 've just made different choices . Some will be glorious , some will be wholly despicable . What have we got there ? Are you okay ? I just don 't understand what went wrong . They could have had everything . All right , people ... here we go . What happened to that Edulearn project ? Who knows ? Maybe with the bad publicity the governor will think twice and the public schools will stay open another couple of years . You can 't save every world you land on . Here 's something to remember . Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries
