 Welcome to Gattaca . You keep your workstation so clean , Jerome . - It 's next to godliness , isn 't that what they say ? - Godliness ... I reviewed your flight plan . Not one error in a million keystrokes . Phenomenal . It 's right that someone like you is taking us to Titan . Has the committee approved the mission ? There 's been talk of delay . You shouldn 't listen to talk . You leave in a week . You 've got a substance test . Jerome . Never shy . Pisses on command . - A beautiful piece of equipment there , Jerome . Have I ever told you that ? - Only every time I 'm in here . Occupational hazard . I see a great many on the course of any given day . Yours just happens to be an exceptional example . I wonder why my folks didn 't order one like that for me ? - By the way , have I ever told you about my son ? - No , you haven 't . Remind me to , sometime . So you 're about to go up . One week left . Please tell me you 're the least bit excited . I 'll tell you at the end of the week . Congratulations , Jerome . Thank you . How many launches are there in a day ? A dozen ? - Sometimes more . - You 're the only one that watches every one of them . If you 're going to pretend like you don 't care , don 't look up . The most unremarkable of events . Jerome Morrow , Navigator 1st Class , is about to embark on a one-year manned mission to Titan , the 14th moon of Saturn . A highly prestigious assignment , although for Jerome selection was virtually guaranteed at birth . He 's blessed with all the gifts required for such an undertaking . A genetic quotient second to none . No , there 's truly nothing remarkable about the progress of Jerome Morrow . Except that I am not Jerome Morrow . I was conceived in the Riviera . Not the French Riviera . The Detroit variety . They used to say that a child conceived in love has a greater chance of happiness . They don 't say that any more . I 'll never understand what possessed my mother to put her faith in God 's hands rather than those of her local geneticist . Ten fingers , ten toes , that 's all that used to matter ... Not now . Now , only seconds old , the exact time and cause of my death was already known . Neurological condition , 60 % probability , manic depression , 42 % probability . Attention deficit disorder , 89 % probability . Heart disorder ... ... 99 % probability . Early fatal potential . - Life expectancy : 30.2 years . - 30 years ? - The name for the certificate ? - Anton . - No , Vincent Anton . That 's a good name . I know he 'll do something . You 'll do something . From an early age I came to think of myself as others thought of me . Chronically ill . Every skinned knee and runny nose was treated as if it were life threatening . I 'm sorry , the insurance won 't cover it . If he fell ... - But I was told ... - I really wish there were something I could do . Like most other parents of their day , they were determined that their next child will be brought into the world in what has become the natural way . Your extracted eggs , Marie , have been fertilized with Antonio 's sperm . After screening , we 're left , as you see , with 2 healthy boys and 2 very healthy girls . Naturally no critical predispositions to any major inheritable diseases . All that remains is to select the most compatible candidate . First , you may want us to decide on a gender . Have you given it any thought ? We would want Vincent to have a brother , you know , to play with . Of course you would . Hello Vincent ! You have specified hazel eyes , dark hair and ... fair skin . I 've taken the liberty to eradicate any potentially prejudicial conditions : Premature baldness , myopia , alcoholism , addictiveness to susceptibility , propensity for violence , obesity ... We didn 't want ... I mean , diseases , yes , but ... We were just wandering if it 's good to just leave a few things to chance . We want to give your child the best possible start . Believe me , we have enough imperfection built-in already . Your child doesn 't need any additional burdens . And keep in mind , this child is still you . Simply the best of you . You could conceive naturally a 1,000 times and never get such a result . That 's how my brother Anton came into the world . A son my father considered worthy of his name . - I 'm proud of you , son . - What 'd I tell you . See how much he 's grown ? By the time we were playing at blood brothers - - I understood that there was something very different flowing through my veins . And I 'd need an awful lot more than a drop if I was going to get anywhere . Our favorite game was chicken . When our parents weren 't watching we used to swim as far out as we dared . It was about who 'd get scared and turn back first . Come on , you coward ! Of course it was always me . Anton was by far the stronger swimmer and he had no excuse to fail . 300 million , 350 million , 400 million . Maybe it was the love of the planets , maybe it was just my growing dislike for this one , but for as long as I can remember I 've dreamed of going into space . 750 million , 800 million , 850 million . How many astronauts are there anyway ? I bet I could be one if I wanted . Hey don 't eat that . It 's Pluto . My goals didn 't change a lot in the intervening years . Much to my parents ' dismay . Vincent ... You have to be realistic . With a heart condition like yours ... - Mom , there 's a chance there 's nothing even wrong about it . - One chance in a 100 . - Well , I 'll take it , alright ? - The trouble is they won 't . Listen , for God 's sake , you 've got to understand something . The only way that you 'll see the inside of a spaceship is if you were cleaning it . My father was right . It didn 't matter how much I lied on my resumé . My real resumé was in my cells . Why should anybody invest all that money to train me when there are a 1,000 other applicants with a far cleaner profile ? Of course , it 's illegal to discriminate . " Genoism " , it 's called . But no one takes the law seriously . If you refuse to disclose , they can always take a sample from a door handle or a handshake . Even the saliva on your application form . If in doubt , a legal drug test can just as easily become an illegal peek at your future in the company . You 're sure you wanna do this ? You know you 're gonna lose . It was the last time we swam together . Out into the open sea . Like always , knowing each stroke to the horizon was one we 'd have to make back to the shore . But something was very different about that day . Every time Anton tried to pull away he found me right beside him . Until finally ... the impossible happened . Vincent ! It was the one moment in our lives that my brother was not as strong as he believed and I was not as weak . It was the moment that made everything else possible . Like many others in my situation - - I moved around a lot next few years , getting work where I could . I must 've cleaned half the toilets in the state . I belonged to a new underclass , no longer determined by social status or the color of your skin . - Welcome to Gattaca , gentlemen . - Now , we now have discrimination down to a science . Alright , there 's your cleaning material . Start from the front and clean all the way back . And I want to see my smiling face on that floor . What about you , Your Majesty ? Dreaming of space ? Come here . Start by cleaning this space right here . I was never more certain of how far away I was from my goal then when I was standing right beside it . When you clean the glass , Vincent , don 't clean it too well . What do you mean ? You might get ideas . Yeah , but if the glass is clean , it 'll be easier for you to see me when I 'm on the other side of it . Poor my brave talk . I knew it was just that . No matter how much I trained or how much I studied , the best test score in the world wasn 't gonna matter unless I had a blood test to go with it . I 've made up my mind to resort to more extreme measures . The man who showed up at my doorstep didn 't exactly advertise in the Yellow Pages . Stand straight . - How did you hear about me ? - People . Any distinguishing marks ? Tattoos , scars , birth marks ? No . I don 't think so . Are you serious about this ? I hope you 're not wasting my time . - I 'd give 100 % . - That 'll get you halfway there . That 's an old edition , but I know it all by heart . - You realize the commitment is binding . - You have somebody in mind ? For the genetically superior , success is easier to attain , but is by no means not guaranteed . After all , there is no gene for fate . And when for one reason or another , a member of the elite falls on hard times their genetic identity becomes a valued commodity for the unscrupulous . One man 's loss is another 's gain . His credentials are impeccable . An expiration date you wouldn 't believe . The guy 's practically gonna live forever . He 's got an IQ off the register . Better than 20 / 20 in both eyes . And the heart of an ox . He could run through a wall . If he could still run . Actually , he was a big-time swimming star . Vincent , you could go anywhere with this guy 's DNA tucked under your arm . - What did I tell you , you look so right together I wanna double my fee . - We don 't look anything alike . It 's close enough . When was the last time anybody looked at your photograph ? You could have my face on your name tag , for Christ ' sake . - But how do I explain the accident ? - That 's the beautiful thing , it happened out of the country . There 's no record he ever broke his back . As far as anybody 's concerned , he 's still a walkin talkin ' fully productive member of society . - You just have to get him clean , fill in the last year of his life . - You 're a foreigner . They don 't care where you were born . Just how . Blood has no nationality . As long as it 's got what they 're looking for , it 's the only passport you 'll need . - Who lives up there ? - Well , I certainly don 't . So began the process of becoming Jerome . Myopia is one of the most obvious signs of a disadvantaged birth . - Isn 't there any other way ? - Surgery is no good , they 'll see the scars . It 's contact lenses or a white cane . - Besides , the color doesn 't match . - He 's right . My eyes are prettier . You understand I take 25 % of everything you make . If it for some reason it doesn 't work out , all this equipment must be returned within 7 days . - And you don 't get your deposit back . - Wait , wait ! I thought you said 20 % . - It 's only 5 % . - 20 % . - It 's not negotiable . - I guess that 's it . - Not quite . - Why , why ? There 's still the matter of the height . - Why , how tall are you ? - 4 foot 6 . - How tall were you before the accident ? - Unfortunately , his profile says he 's 6 ' 1 " . - So , I can wear lifts . Even with lifts you 're not that tall . So what ? No ... No . - No , we never discussed that . - Oh , I thought you were serious , Vincent . I am serious . I 'm not doing that . I won 't do that . Jerome never questioned my commitment again . I took my mind off the pain by reminding myself that when I eventually did stand up - - I 'd be exactly two inches closer to the stars . - Are you all right ? - Yeah . Do you want to go dancing ? You had to be a right-hander . No one orders southpaws any more . Jerome Morrow . It 's a nice name . - It 's my name . - I can 't be you without it . What makes you think you can be me at all ? Look at this . - Look at it . - It 's nice . - I 'm impressed , is it real ? - Are you color-blind , too , Vincent ? It 's silver . Jerome Morrow was never meant to be one step down on the podium . With all I had going for me , I was still second best . Me ! So how do you expect to pull this off ? I don 't know , exactly . Your signature needs work . Soon came time to put our preparations to the test . Jerome had been engineered with everything he needed to get into Gattaca , except the desire to do so . - Do you really want to be in there ? - I don 't wanna be in there , I wanna be up there . - What 's up there ? - That 's want I want to find out , Jerome . Call me Eugene . My middle name . If you 're going to be Jerome , you 'd better start getting used to it . - I gotta get going . Where 's my sample ? - In the refrigerator . Door on the left . - Which pouch ? - Oh , any of them . - You think I should test it ? - If you like . My God , what 's wrong with the machine ? It 's nothing wrong with the machine . It 's a hot sample . You 've been drinking again ! - I haven 't . - Oh Christ Eugene , it 's 8 o 'clock in the morning ! - I haven 't ! This is no joke . My interview is in an hour ! - There 's more vodka in this piss than there is piss ! - I 'm sorry . I had half a glass to celebrate . - Try Friday 's , that one will be OK . - There 's only Wednesday left . Wednesday . That 's the one . Listen , it 's not too late to back out . This is the last day that you 're gonna be you and I 'm gonna be me . Well ? - Congratulations . - What about the interview ? That was it . I got it . Of course you got it . And that 's the way it was . Each day I 'd dispose of as much loose skin , fingernails and hair as possible . To limit how much of my In-Valid self I 'd leave in the valid world . At the same time , Eugene prepared samples of his own superior body matter so that I might pass for him . Customized urine patches for the frequent substance tests . Fingertips blood sachees for security checks and vials filled with other traces . While Eugene supplied me with a new identity , I paid the rent and kept him in the style to which he 'd become accustomed . Eugene never suffered from a routine discrimination of a " utero " , " faith birth " , " In-Valid " as we would call it . A " valid " , a " vitro " , a " made man " , he suffered under a different burden . The burden of perfection . I was now a member of a relatively new and particularly detested segment of society . One of those that refuses to play the hand that he 's dealt . Almost commonly known as a " borrowed ladder " . Or ... a " de-gene-erate " . In the guise of Jerome Morrow I 've risen quickly for the ranks of Gattaca . Only one of the mission directors has ever come close to discovering my true identity . Strange to think , he may have more success exposing me in death than he ever did in life . - I think we can rule out suicide . - Excuse me , sir ? - Nothing . Thank you . This will take a while . We may have to push things back . Irene , I want you to assist the investigators . - My work , Director , that would put me behind . - I appreciate your sacrifice , Irene . - Will you seek to that I don 't lose my place in line ? - Your place is assured . So kindly inform the authorities that we will cooperate in any way , although we can 't tolerate a major disruption . - Director ? - Thank you , Irene . - Thank you , Director . - Director , how will this affect the mission ? - Oh , we 're still going ahead as planned . The launch window is only opened until week 's end . Tragic though this event may be , it hasn 't stopped the planets turning . - What happened ? - I 'm going up . - When ? - End of the week . - End of the week , that soon ? - What about the mission director ? - He 's dead . Are you serious ? They found him in his office this morning , beaten so badly they had to check his name tag . You are serious . So that 's it , there 's nothing between us and ignition . I 'm going up . - The man was murdered ? - So ? I didn 't do it . I didn 't say you did but if the man was murdered , the place is gonna be crawling with Hoovers . I 'll take my chances with the J. Edgars over the mission director . Besides , what if they do find something ? I 'm gonna be slightly out of their jurisdiction . We have to get drunk immediately . Good evening , gentlemen . I hear you 're leaving us , Mr. Morrow . - Looks that way . - We 're going to miss you . - You 've opened the wine , I hope ? - Of course , Sir . - Pour yourself a glass , Cavendish . - How old ? - Me ? - The specimen ? - I kissed him five minutes ago . A real good one . - I 'll see what I can do . - You want the full sequence ? - Yes . - Thank you . - Good luck . - 9.3 . Quite a catch . - Yes . Quite a catch . God , how many times I 've told Cavendish ... This 's gotta be open more than five minutes ago ! A wine like this needs to breathe . Remember that . You know , they say when you 're weightless is the closest thing to being in the womb . I can 't believe you pulled this off . They 're sending you up there . Up there , for Christ sake ! You , of all people . I hate to think of you alone in that room for a year . - Well better think about it . Anyway , the room I 'm stuck in is bigger than your tin cans . You know what I 'm saying . What are you gonna do ? I have my books . I go places in my head . - That 'd be help if you had some company . - I have visitors . - Yeah well , none that you don 't pay . - I wouldn 't have it any other way . - Seriously , what are you going to do ? I 'm going to finish this . What 's Titan like this time of year ? What 's Titan like ? Titan is exactly like this . All the time , it 's got a cloud around that 's so thick , no one can tell what 's underneath . - Maybe there 's nothing there . - There 's something there . - You should be going , instead of me . - Why is that ? 'cause up there your legs wouldn 't matter . I 'm scared of heights . I 'm sorry . Do you want this ? I 'll save some for you , shall I ? I 'm so sorry . I 'm really , really sorry . Don 't give me a hard time . Give me a break . - Come on ! Help ! - I 'm sorry . - No , I wasn 't drunk ... - What do you mean you 're not drunk ? - ... when I walked in front of that car . - What car ? I stepped right out in front of it . I 've never been more sober in my life . - Go to sleep . - I couldn 't even get that right , could I ? If at first you don 't succeed , try , try again . Go to sleep . I 'm proud of you , Vincent . You must be drunk to call me Vincent . - How much do you need ? - 20 minutes . You can go . It 's all right , Irene . You 're excused . We found our man . It 's the only specimen in the entire place that can 't be accounted for . - Every 10 years or so things go our way . - The eyelash , what do you know about it ? It 's an unregistered In-Valid . He was a janitor here until a few years back , when he disappeared out of sight . - What kind of specimen could last so many years since then . - Well , take a look at the floor . Sir , I don 't think anything lies around here for very long . It 's also the matter of loading . Is a janitor gonna come back here after all this time to kill a man he never knew ? Well , his profile does suggest a violent temperament . If I 'm not mistaken , his profile also suggests he 's a sick man . There 's a 90 % chance the owner of this eyelash has already died himself of natural causes . That means there 's a 10 % chance he 's still alive . It 's a lost and found case , sir . All we have to do is find the man who 's minus an eyelash and we have the murderer . I 'll do a cross-check , I 'll find out about his family ... - Already run it . There 's no record of any living relative . - That 's a damn shame , sir . I want you to check the entry log . Alibis , grudges . I look around , I see a lot of dry eyes . The mission director was not universally loved . He was leading cutbacks in the program . With all due respect , sir ... Whatever you say . Jerome the metronome . I could play the piano by that heartbeat of his . - Mr.Director , you 'd be pleased to know that we have a suspect . - That is a relief . Who is he ? We found an unaccounted-for specimen in the South Wing . Here 's his picture . - An In-Valid . - We 're still following other leads . - Be there as it may , I 'm having this posted immediately . - I 'm curious , Director . An advantage , I should imagine , in your line of work . - Your hiring practices ... - Our " recruitment philosophy " . - Who do you have to be , to be here ? - Naturally , our standard is beyond that of the common citizen . But among all that people you must have various levels of excellence . Occasionally we 've had to accept candidates with minor shortcomings . But nothing that would prohibit someone from working in a field such as law enforcement , for example . Now , there are enough of the right kind of people to warrant a new measuring stick . Bodies with minds to match . Essential , as we push out further and further . - Yet you still constantly monitor performance . - You have to ensure the people are meeting their potential . - And exceeding it ? - No one exceeds his potential . - If he did ? - It would mean we did not accurately gauge his potential in the first place . - Are you all right , Jerome ? - Terrific . The entry log for the last 7 days . What about you , Irene ? Do you have an alibi ? - I was alone . - I find that hard to believe . - Excuse me . I 'll take care of that for you , Mr. Morrow . - I see I 'm not the only one who looks up every time there 's a launch . - Hello Jerome . - It 's awful about the director . - Awful it didn 't happen sooner . Didn 't he threaten to cancel your mission more than once ? Somebody did you a favor . - Do they have any idea whose hand I should be shaking ? - They found an eyelash in the S Wing . - Does it have a name ? - Just some In-Valid . Jerome ... I had you sequenced . I read your profile . I 'm sorry . Seems you 're everything they say you are and more . What about you , Irene ? You 're engineered just like the rest of us . Not quite . " Unacceptable likelihood of heart failure . " I think that 's what the manual says . The only trip I 'll take in space is around the sun on this satellite , right here . If there 's anything wrong with you , I can 't see it from where I 'm standing . If you don 't believe me ... Here . Take it . If you 're still interested , let me know . I 'm sorry . The wind caught it . Please check the latest Gattaca bulletin . Jerome . Is this the approach path we discussed ? - Absolutely , Director . - Quite right . Listen to what I 'm saying to you , I want what I ordered . It 's a completely different color . No . I 'm bored of talking to you . I 'm bored . I 'll call you back . That was the company that sell us your hair dye . They 've sent me " Summer Wheat " instead of " Honey Dawn " . Any full tone is two shades light . And she said : " Why don 't you try a change ? " I don 't want to change ! We can 't use a change ! - Now I 'll probably gonna have to pay for the 5 boxes they 've sent me . - We can 't stay here . - The idiots I have to deal with , you wouldn 't believe ! - They think I killed the mission director . - What makes them think that ? - They found my eyelash . - Where ? - In the corridor . Well , that could be worse . They could have found it in your eye . They 've got my picture posted up all over the place . I can 't turn around without seeing my own face . - They 'll recognize me . - They won 't recognize you . - They will recognize me ! - I don 't recognize you . They won 't marry the eyelash to you , they won 't believe that one of their elite could 've suckered them all this time . No , we change nothing we do as we planned . You 're Jerome Morrow , Navigator 1st Class . I 'm not Jerome Morrow . I 'm a murder suspect . What are you doing ? That 's more than a day 's worth ! Wait . - We can 't stay here . - Stop that ! Oh fine , fine ! You leave if you want . But you 're not taking that stuff . That stuff is mine ! I could 've rented myself somebody with a spine if I 'd known you 'd go belly-up on me at the last fuckin ' gasp . You can 't quit on me now . I 've put too much into this . What do you want me to do ? Wheel in there and finish the job myself ? - Eugene , they are going to find me . - You still don 't understand , do you ? When they look at you , they don 't see you any more . They only see me . Keep your lashes on your lids where they belong . How could you be so careless ? - I 'm going out . - Where are you going ? Well if I 'm gonna get arrested tomorrow , I 'm gonna go out tonight . - Are you sure that 's a good idea to go out ? - That was your idea not to change anything . - Who 's going ? - I 'd say everybody . If I don 't go it 'll look suspicious . You don 't want to look suspicious , do you ? Thanks . Who ordered this ? What are we doing here ? I 'm following a lead . Forgive me , sir but that 's what I do . I 'm a detective . I follow leads . - Why makes you think the owner of the eyelash is here ? - He 's an In-Valid , sir . - This is where the In-Valids are . - He 's an In-Valid . He 's an In-Valid clever enough to go unregistered all these years . You think he 's likely to lie down for us now ? - What do you suggest , sir ? - Move the inquiry back to the scene . Draw 5 mile radius around Gattaca , sweep again . Random stops . - You 're a navigator ? At Gattaca ? - That 's what it says , doesn 't it ? - It doesn 't say you 're crippled . - I 'm not crippled . I hurt my leg training , you moron . How dare you question me ? What 's your number ? - No , what 's your number , you fucking flatfoot ! - I said forget it . What do you want ? An apology ? It gets to you , doesn 't it . It gets to you that I can be where you can only dream of . I 'm getting off this ball of dirt ! - How dare you question me ! That 's harassment . - My mistake . What 's your number ? May I remind you that this is a crime scene . What 's this man doing here ? - What are you doing , old man ? - Doing my job , sir . - This is evidence . - But it 's just trash . - You didn 't know ? - Oh yes , yeah . - Wonderful , wasn 't it ? 12 fingers or 1 , it 's how you play . That piece can only be played with 12 . - What 's all this about ? - It 's probably nothing . No , you better not . I don 't want to give you a contaminated specimen . Get my meaning ? Thanks . You never know where those swabs have been . I want to show you something . Come on , we 'll miss it . Come on . We 'll miss it . What did I tell you ? Strange . Your eyes look different . - I guess it must be the light . - Must be . Positive match . I 'm impressed . - The cup was definitely used since the original sweep ? - Two samples , two days . Either the suspect went back to the scene of the crime to get a drink of water and I don 't know anybody that thirsty . - Or he still works there . - I thought we checked all the service staff . I don 't think he cleans up the place any more . I have a feeling he might be there on a false pretense , playing somebody else 's hair . - A borrowed ladder at Gattaca ? - That 's far-fetched , but is not out of a possibility . I find it hard to believe he could be one of their elite workers . Even if he got past their security system , he wouldn 't have the mental faculty or the physical stamina . Maybe you 're underestimating . Maybe he is an impostor and maybe the director found out about it . That could be his motive . I say we sample every employee within the parameters intravenously . 2 / 3 of their workforce fall in that category . We 'd be closing them down for days . No , a fingertip sample or a urine should be sufficient . I suggest blood from the vein . I hope I 'm not out of line . It 's only a matter of time , sir . What 's with the plungers , Lamar ? You 're opening ' up a blood bank ? Only the gentlemen from the law enforcement are concerned that my testing methods have been compromised . - Goddamn ! - I 'm sorry . - Are you out of practice , Lamar ? - Let me look at that . - It 's all right . - Luckily , it looks as though we have enough . Well if you need any more , you can always get it off his shoes . Irene . - So you didn 't do it after all ? - I guess someone beat me to it . I guess . I leave in two days . I guess you know that . But ... That 's the last . - Something 's not right . - He 's not here . - No , we miss something - I say we test again . - Test ? I cannot allow you to disrupt our operations any further . You 're not at all concerned about having a murderer in your midst ? Now , your presence is creating more of a threat . The window for our latest launch is open for seven days once every 70 years . - So it 's rather crucial we leave on time . - Mission means a great deal to you , doesn 't it ? Your late colleague opposed it . Take another look at my profile . You won 't find a violent bone in my body . My apologies , Director . He won 't trouble you any further . This is not the only place we can look . OK , let 's start making the rounds . I 'm luckier than most . Not as lucky as some . - I know something about that . - You , Jerome ? What heart problem did you ever have ? Did you get yours broken once ? I had this crazy idea that you were more interested in the murder case than me . You 're right . That 's a crazy idea . Would you like to dance ? It 's funny . You work so hard , you do everything you can to get away from a place ... And when you finally get your chance to leave , you find a reason to stay . - A year is a long time . - Not so long . Just once around the sun . Hello , everyone , nice to see you , I 'm your detective for the evening . Please don 't leave the premises . I said nobody leave ! Am I speaking in some kinda strange foreign language ? Check the hands , lenses , dentures , napkins , I want cigarette butts , the saliva off tea cups . That 's a familiar face . Check him out . - I thought you wanted to dance . - Where are you going ? - Oh yeah ... Jerome ! - Are you insane ? - Come on ! Where did they go ? Come on . - Don 't you understand , I can 't do that ! - Shh , you just did . Don 't touch your face.Don 't swallow . Don 't spit . Let 's clean his teeth . Vincent ! Vincent ! Who 's Vincent ? I ... Don 't say anything . Don 't say anything . What happened ? The scars on your legs ? Remember the ' 99 Chrysler LeBaron ? This is the exact height of the front fender . Looked left instead of right . - Did you just make that up or do you use all the time ? - I use it all the time . - I know you had something to do with the Director 's death . - That 's not true , Irene . Isn 't that the man from last night ? He 's nobody . He 's one of our best . I 'm certain he has nothing to do with this business . Jerome Morrow . You don 't look well , Jerome . Why don 't you go home ? - Can I help you ? - I 'm looking for Jerome Morrow . I 'm sorry , he 's ill . A little nausea . It 's quite common before a mission . I oughta pay him a visit . I understand you can show me the way ? You don 't know who he is , do you , Irene ? - Hello ? - Eugene , I need you to be yourself for the day . - I was never very good at it , remember ? - The investigators are coming by . I 'm supposed to be sick . - So you keep telling me ? - How long have I got ? - Not long . I guess he 's not home . - I 'm here to see Jerome Morrow . - That 's me . Come up . I guess he 's home . Come in . Come in . Come in . Hello , sweetheart . Where 's my kiss ? - Good to see you 're feeling better . - Of course , now that you 're here . Who 's your friend ? How can I help ? - It 's about the Director . - Again ? - I hope it 's no trouble . - No , no , no trouble . - Forgive me for not giving your guided tour . - Can 't we do this another time ? - This won 't take a moment . - Maybe he can tell me why I 'm ill . Who were you expecting ? - Yes ? - We have our man , sir . - You have him ? - We have him in custody . - I 'll come right away . - How are you , Jerome ? - Not bad , Jerome . - How the hell did you get up here ? - I can always walk . I 've been faking it . Irene ... - Don 't touch me ! - Listen to me , Irene ! - I don 't even know who you are . - I 'm the same person I was yesterday . - I can 't hear anymore of your lies , Jerome . My name is Vincent Anton Freeman . And I 'm a faith birth or a de-gene-erate or whatever you wanna call it . But I 'm not a murderer . - You 're a God-child ? - Well we do have one thing in common . Only I don 't have 20-30 years left in mine . Mine is already 10,000 beats overdue . - It 's not possible . - You are the authority on what is not possible , aren 't you , Irene ? They 've got you looking so hard for any flaw , that after a while that 's all that you see . For whatever it 's worth , I 'm here to tell you that it is possible . It is possible . Congratulations , sir . We did it . His spit was found in the dead director 's eye . An unaccounted specimen . While I was busy obsessing about an eyelash , your instincts took us in the right direction . So the In-Valid had nothing to do with this ? No , our friend here acted alone . This mission meant everything to him , didn 't it ? He knows that if they miss this launch window he wouldn 't live to see the next one . And since nothing can stop the launch now , he 's being very , very cooperative . - So , I imagine you 'll be celebrating tonight , sir ? - Of course . - I think she likes us . - Yeah , sure , just give her a little time and she 'll get used to the idea . - What was he like ? - Who , the cop ? - Yeah . - He was just a cop . - Did you catch his name ? - Actually my name was the topic of conversation . - Yeah well , he 'll be back . - You heard what he said , they have their man . It 's over . No , it 's not over . I have to meet him . Vincent ? My God , you have changed . - Has it been so long , you don 't recognize your own brother ? - Are we brothers ? Our parents both died thinking they 'd outlived ya . I had my doubts . - What are you doing here , Anton ? - I should ask you that question . - I have a right to be here . You don 't . - You almost sound as if you believe that . I committed no murder . You must be disappointed . You committed fraud . Listen , you 're in a lot of trouble , Vincent . I can get you out of here . - Do you have any idea what it took to get in here ? - You 've gone as far as you can go . You come with me now ! - There 's still a few million miles left to go . - It 's over . - Is that the only way you can succeed , is to see me fail ? - I 'm telling you ... God ! Even you are going to tell me what I can and can 't do now ? In case you haven 't noticed , I don 't need any rescuing . But you did , once . - You 've got all the answers , how do you explain that ? - You didn 't beat me that day . I beat myself . - Who are you trying to convince ? - Do you want me to prove it to you ? It 's not important , Anton . It 's forgotten . I 'll prove it to you . Do you want me to prove it to you ? I 'll prove it to you ! I do . Vincent ! Vincent ! Where 's the shore ? We 're too far out ! - Do you wanna quit ? - We 're too far out ! - Do you wanna quit ? No . Vincent ! How are you doing this , Vincent ? How have you done any of this ? We have to go back . - No . It 's too late for that . We 're close to the other side . - What other side ? Do you want to drown us both ? You want to know how I did it ? This is how I did it , Anton . I never saved anything for the swim back . You couldn 't see , could you ? That night , crossing the street . You crossed anyway . If you 're still interested , let me know . Sorry ... The wind caught it . You 're flying today , aren 't you ? Look at what a mess you 're in . - Come on , I have your samples ready . - I don 't need any samples where I 'm going . You might when you get back . Everything you need to last you two lifetimes . - Why have you done all this ? - So Jerome will always be here when you need him . - Where are you going ? - I 'm traveling , too . - I don 't know how to thank you . - No , no ... I got the better end of the deal . I only lent you my body . You lent me your dream . Not until you 're upstairs . - What is this ? - New policy . - Flight got you nervous ? - There 's a problem , Lamar . I never did tell you about my son , did I ? He 's a big fan of yours . Just remember that I was as good as any and better than most . - He wants to apply here . - I could have gone up and back and nobody wouldn 't have been the wiser . Unfortunately , my son 's not all that they promised . But then , who knows what he could do ? Right ? For future reference , right-handed men don 't hold it with their left . Just one of those things . You 're going to miss your flight , Vincent . For someone who was never meant for this world , - - I must confess , I 'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it . Of course , they say every atom in our bodies was once part of a star . Maybe I 'm not leaving . Maybe I 'm going home .
