 Stop ! Oh , Dad , you cut it out . - I knew it was you , Dad . - Quit picking on your brother . - Remember , he loves you . - No , I don 't ! - I 'm glad you 're back home , Dad . - Not as glad as I am . Did you see a lot of weird stuff this year ? Yep . It was the weirdest show ever . But right now , your mother thinks you guys are getting ready for bed . If she comes out here and finds you guys still in the pool , she 's gonna kill me . So , come on . Out of the pool . Quit your whining . Come on , if you want to get a bedtime story . Out you go . That 's it . We don 't even have school tomorrow . What the hell ? What happened to him ? Nothing you can ascertain from that photograph . The victim suffered from ichthyosis , a congenital skin disease characterized by the shedding ... of the epidermis in the form of scales . This shows the entry wound of the undetermined weapon . There were no other injuries inflicted upon the body . No internal organs were removed and / or cannibalized , and there 's no signs of any sexual molestation either . That 's 48 attacks over the last 28 years , occurring in every state in the continental U.S. Almost . The first in Oregon , the last five in Florida . The victims range from all different age groups , races , both male and female . The mutilations appear so motiveless that one would suspect some form of ritual . Yet they adhere to no known cult . A lone serial killer would have been expected ... to escalate the level of violence of his attacks ... over such an extended period of time . So , what do you think , Scully ? What are your initial thoughts ? Imagine going through your whole life looking like this . The Lord is my Shepherd , I shall not want . He maketh me to lie down in green pastures . He leadeth me beside the still waters . He restoreth my soul . He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His namesake . Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil , for Thou art with me . Thy rod and Thy staff , they comfort me . Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies . Thou anointest my head with oil . My cup runneth over . Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life , and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever . We are gathered here today to mourn the passing ofJerald Glazebrook , beloved husband , father , friend ... and entertainer . We mourn not only the passing of a man ... who overcame the obstacles of his earthly incarnation , but also the passing of the love that dwelled ... within his all-too-human heart . We mourn the passing of the admiration and the respect he instilled ... in all of his professional colleagues . We mourn the passing of the laughter and the enjoyment ... he brought each audience who saw him . For althoughJerry was a world-renowned escape artist , - there is one strong box from which none of us can escape . Help me ! I got it . Come on , down here . I can 't believe it . Not having known the deceased personally , I 'm in no position ... to perform a proper eulogy . I 'm sure he was a nice guy , etcetera , etcetera . But as an admirer of the man 's work , I am in a position ... to perform an impromptu tribute in his honor . Namely , ramming this spike into my chest ! - Don 't you have any respect ? - I think I hit my left ventricle ! - This is a funeral ! - Get back , fascists ! - Have a little respect ! - Get him out of here ! You 're awful ! - Attention-getter , that 's all you are ! - I can 't wait for the wake . On his VICAPform , Jerald Glazebrook 's occupation was listed as " artist . " Jerry was an artist . The best escape artist since Houdini . He should have been headlining Vegas , but his skin condition kept him on the sideshow circuit . I didn 't realize that sideshows were still in existence . There are about two or three of them still around . I got the impression that Glazebrook ... wasn 't the only sideshow performer residing here . The town was founded back in the ' 20s ... when some of Barnum and Bailey 's troops started coming down here ... during the winter off-seasons . This town 's history might help explain our case 's history . A sideshow performer would have toured much of the country over the years . And their isolation from everyday society caused by their physical deformities ... could have built up pathological resentment so intense that murder ... they 're as normal as anybody . Until their arrests , many serial killers ... are considered by their friends and family to be quite normal . If you truly regard these people as normal , then you must also consider the possibility ... that they are capable of committing these crimes . It 's just been my experience that other people have ... a harder time accepting these people 's deformities than they do themselves . Sheriff , what is this ? This design here , it 's copyrighted by Hepcat Helm . Is that a local artist ? A bit too local . His workplace is right behind my station house . Do you think that we could meet Hepcat ? # Watch my eyes when you light them up # Hepcat ? Hepcat ! # I 'm in a frenzy # Who are the rubes ? These are F.B.I. Agents Scully and Mulder . This is Hepcat Helm . He operates a carnival fun house . Oh , man ! How many times have I told you not to call it that ? It 's not some rinky-dink carny ride . People go through it , they don 't have fun . People go through it , they don 't have fun . They get the hell scared out of 'em . It 's not a fun house . - It 's a tabernacle of terror . - It 's a fun house . Mr. Helm , I wanted to ask you about this menu illustration . I recognize most of the historical portraits you 've drawn here , but what 's this here ? It 's the Fiji Mermaid . Is that what that thing is ? What 's the Fiji Mermaid ? The Fiji Mermaid ... It 's ... It 's the Fiji Mermaid ! It 's a bit of a humbug Barnum pulled in the last century . Now , Barnum billed it as a real live mermaid , but when people went in to see it , all they saw ... was a real dead monkey sown on to the tail of a fish . It 's a monkey ? A mummified monkey . It supposedly looked so bad , he had to exhibit it as a " genuine fake . " Oh , but see ? That 's why Barnum was a genius . You never know where the truth ends and the humbug begins . He came right out and said , " This Fiji Mermaid thing is just a bunch of B.S. " That just made people want to go and see it even more . So , I mean , who knows ? Maybe for box office reasons Barnum hocked it as a hoax . - But in reality ... - The Fiji Mermaid was a reality . Sheriff , we 're gonna need to find a place to stay tonight . There are lodgings right across the way . But what 's this about ? These tracks were found at several of the past few crime scenes . They 've defied exact identification , but one expert speculated ... that they might be simian in nature . You don 't mean to tell me you think these tracks were made by the Fiji Mermaid ? Do you recall what Barnum said about suckers ? Tell me , have you done much circus work in your life ? And what makes you think I 've ever spectated a circus , much less been enslaved by one ? I know that many of the citizens here are former circus hands , and I thought maybe ... You thought that because I am a person of short stature ... that the only career I could procure for myself ... would be one confined to the so-called big top . You took one quick look at me and decided that you could deduce my entire life . Never would it have occurred to you that a person of my height ... could have possibly obtained a degree in hotel management . I 'm sorry . I meant no offense . Well , then , why should I take offense ? Just because it 's human nature to make instantaneous judgments of others ... based solely upon their physical appearances ? Why , I 've done the same thing to you , for example . I 've taken in your all-American features , your dour demeanor , your unimaginative necktie design ... and concluded that you work for the government . An F.B.I. Agent . But do you see the tragedy here ? I have mistakenly reduced you to a stereotype ... a caricature ... instead of regarding you as a specific , unique individual . But I am an F.B.I. Agent . Register here , please . Tell me , have you done much circus work in your life ? I was on the stage for most of my life . I was a headliner . Did it not bother you to have people staring at you ? Best work I ever had . All I had to do was stand there . Occasionally , I 'd say , " Ladies and gentlemen , I 'd like you to meet my brother , Leonard . Excuse him . He 's a little shy . " Big laughs , I tell you , big laughs . Why 'd you give it up ? Mr. Nutt , the kindhearted manager here , convinced me that to make a living ... by publicly displaying my deformity lacked dignity . So now I carry other people 's luggage . I believe these are your trailers . If they are not , then I am wrong . Oh , that 's most considerate . Thank you very much . Good night . Sleep tight . Don 't let the bedbugs bite . No . No , that 's not what I meant . L - I didn 't mean to imply we had bedbugs . L - I meant to say , " Don 't let ... don 't let the ... " - The Fiji Mermaids bite . - Yes , that 's right . The Fiji Mermaids . That 's right . That 's ... Th-That 's exactly ... - Mulder , what is this Fiji Mermaid business ? Every murder investigation begins with a list of possible suspects . You should try not to be so exclusive , Scully . As long as you try not to let the atmosphere of this town ... distort your list all out of proportion . # I 'm in a frenzy # # Frenzy # # This love gushes from my heart # # Like water from the spout # # You built a flame from a tiny spark # # You can really knock me out # # Yeah , ease my mind with your real cool line , Daddy # # Fill my thought with love divine # # When you say you 're mine all mine # # I 'm in a frenzy # What the hell ? Ah , ma 'am ... The sheriff ... he , uh , wants to see you . There 's been another murder . Hey , Scully , there 's some blood on the window here we should send to the lab . Why run a test on the victim 's blood ? No , not this window . This window . This seems to be the point of entry , and there 's a ... smear of blood on the outside of the window . Why would there be blood before the attack ? Why didn 't the attacker just come through the open door ? For a person to crawl in and out of these windows , they 'd have to be a contortionist ... orjust plain crazy ... or both . While they 're performing the autopsy , I wanna go down to the ... Yes ! How many people do you know that can get out of a straitjacket in under three minutes ? Fortunately , none . We caught your act yesterday at the funeral . That was some trick with the railroad spike . Dr. Blockhead does not perform tricks . Dr. Blockhead performs astounding acts ... of body manipulation and pain endurance . You must be one of those rare individuals ... whose nerve endings don 't register pain . You just keep telling yourself that . Have you ever performed this , uh , " act " on anyone else ? What , are you sick ? I tell my audiences that if they 're stupid enough to try this themselves , they 'll end up with a slight lobotomy . I am a professional . Exactly how does one become a professional blockhead ? May I ? Starting in my homeland of Yemen , I studied with yogis , fakirs and swamis , learning the ancient arts of body manipulation . But most men know nothing of these arts . For instance , did you know that through the protective Chinese practice ofTiea Bu Shan , you can train your testicles to draw up into your abdomen ? I 'm doing that as we speak . I saw him this morning down by the river . He was eating a fish . He knows between-show snacks will ruin his appetite . I could be mistaken . Maybe it was another bald-headed , jigsaw-puzzle-tattooed , naked guy I saw . Is this man also a body manipulator ? No , in the classical sense , The Conundrum 's a geek . He eats live animals . He eats anything ... live animals , dead animals , rocks , light bulbs , corkscrews , battery cables , cranberries . Human flesh ? Only The Conundrum can answer that question . But he doesn 't answer questions . He merely poses them . When an audience partakes in The Conundrum 's Human Piranha act , they are left to ask themselves , " Why ? " But where are my manners ? It 's an old slight of hand my uncle once taught me . He was only an amateur magician , but he was still better than those two . I 'm going over to the lab to see if they can test the blood on the window ... against the blood on Dr. Blockhead 's nail . Everybody 's uncle 's an amateur magician . Welcome to my museum . May I put to rest any questions you may have conjured ? I was just reading about the fascinating life of Chang and Eng ... and , uh , wondering if their death was just as fascinating . Oh , very much so . On a cold January eve in 1874 , Eng awoke to find his brother had passed away during the course of the night . A few hours later , Eng himself departed from this world . Now , these facts themselves may be less than fascinating , but imagine ... imagine being Eng ... and lying there knowing ... that essentially half your body was now dead , that the rest must inevitably follow ... and being able to do about it absolutely nothing . At the autopsy , it was officially concluded ... that Chang died of a cerebral hemorrhage . And what was the official cause of Eng 's death ? Fright . Do you have any information on blockhead or geek acts ? This is an historical collection on human curiosities . Blockheads are skilled performers . - Like magicians ? - Like sword swallowers who really do swallow swords . And geeks are neither skilled nor curiosities . They 're merely unseemly . - Not even attaining the level of gaffs . - " Gaffs " ? Observe closely the dissimilarity of the facial features . Conjoined twins are always identical . These gentlemen are phonies ... gaffs . Sort of like the Fiji Mermaid ? You 're investigating the Alligator Man 's murder , yes ? I have something I believe you might find of some interest . What does this have to do with the Glazebrook murder ? I 've recently come into possession of an authentic P.T. Barnum exhibit . Now , I don 't show this display to all my customers . Only those with the intellectual curiosity to appreciate it . Barnum billed it as a " great unknown . " I must first ask of you two favors : Tell no soul what you witness in here . - And the second favor ? - An additional donation of five dollars . Does Agent Scully know that you 're under her crawl space ? I was merely repairing the plumbing on this unit . I know what you 're thinking , my friend , but you are grossly mistaken . Just because I 'm not of so-called average height ... does not mean I must receive my thrills vicariously . Not all women are attracted to overly tall , lanky men such as yourself . You 'd be surprised how many women find my size intriguingly alluring . And you 'd be surprised how many men do , as well . Oh , it 's you . Is Mr. Nutt finished with the plumbing ? The blood from the window matched the blood from the nail , but they were both " O " positive . They 've been sent for further analysis . I ran a background check on Dr. Blockhead . His real name is Jeffrey Swaim , and he wasn 't born in Yemen . He was born in Milwaukee . He does not hold a doctorate . - Well , I ended up running a bit of a background check myself . - On who ? On an orphan discovered in the wild forest of Albania in 1943 . " Although physically adept at catching his own food , he could not speak a word , save for a few savage grunts . Brought to this country , he was exhibited behind a locked cage , necessitated by his feral ferocity , where he would terrify onlookers by devouring chunks of raw meat . " However , for reasons I could not ascertain , he ran away from the circus and spent a vague number of years ... mysteriously roaming about , supporting himself through a number of nondescript jobs . Eventually he wound up in Gibsonton , where he took up a career in law enforcement ... and has spent the past four terms serving as sheriff . You 're talking about Sheriff Hamilton ? I 'm telling you that before becoming Sheriff Hamilton , James Hamilton was Jim-Jim the Dog-Faced Boy . You know , Scully , hypertrichosis does not connote lycanthropy . - What are you implying ? - We 're being highly discriminatory here . Just because a man was once afflicted with excessive hairiness , we 've no reason to suspect him of aberrant behavior . - It 's like assuming guilt based solely on skin color , isn 't it ? - Yeah . May I ask what you 're doing ? We 're exhuming ... your potato . May I ask why ? Sheriff , it 's been documented that many serial killers ... possess a fascination with police work . Some of them even holding positions on their local force . So , surveillance of investigation team members ... is often utilized as a precautionary ... We found out you used to be a dog-faced boy . Boy , look how skinny I was back then . - So that is you ? - Oh , sure . I spent the first half of my life as Jim-Jim . Then one morning I noticed a bald spot on top of my head ... and realized I wasn 't only losing my hair , but my career as well . Eventually , all the hair went . On top of my head , anyways . The rest of my body 's still pretty hairy , which is ... why I never go to the beach . That doesn 't quite explain the potato . I got , uh , some warts on my hand . That doesn 't quite explain the potato . To get rid of warts , you rub a sliced potato on your hand ... and bury it under a full moon . The investigation isn 't going too well , is it ? So , tell me , Commodore , why are the weirdos ... - the only ones that pay their rent checks in advance ? I warn you , you tattooed cretin . I have a licensed firearm , and I am more than eager for an opportunity to use it ! I found him . He 's dead . He 's dead . Lanny says all the doors and windows ... were locked from the inside . Scully , come here . He was like a brother to me . I don 't know if a contortionist could get through that doggie door . But look at this . Lanny ! Lanny ! Take it easy . - You 're gonna hurt yourself . - So what ? So you might hurt me in the process . He gets this way sometimes . I 'll have to toss him in the drunk tank . We 'll takeJeffrey Swaim into custody . Come on , Lanny . Let 's go . You know , Mulder , for a while there ... I was beginning to suspect this case involved something a bit more , um ... Freakish ? You really shouldn 't complain about banality , Scully , when your main suspect is the human blockhead . It 's open ! Mr. Swaim , federal agents . We 're here to ... It 's a variation of an American Indian Sun Dance ritual . I suspend myself ... by these hooks , and the pain becomes so unbearable , I leave my body . If people knew the true price of spirituality , there 'd be more atheists . Mr. Swaim , we 're here to take you into custody ... to question you about some recent murders . I don 't answer any questions till I talk to my lawyer . - Who 's your lawyer ? - I represent myself . Sir , if you 're going to be uncooperative , I 'll have to handcuff you . What gives you fascists the right to do that ? Did I not mention we 're federal agents ? Did I not mention I 'm an escape artist ? Mulder , are you okay ? It 's more comfortable than a futon . - Hey , look what I caught . - Ouch ! What the hell ? No ! No ! No ! This has all the makings of one of those mistaken identity , miscarriage-of-justice things that prove so popular on 60 Minutes . Does this belong to you ? The Fifth Amendment of our beloved Constitution says ... What is that ? It 's Lanny in the drunk tank . He 'll be all right once he sleeps it off . No , I don 't think he 's gonna sleep this one off . There 's been another attack . How could anyone have gotten in there ? No one got in , but someone got out . - What are you talking about ? - I 'm not sure myself , Mulder , but I think we 'll know more when we find Leonard . " Leonard " ? Lanny 's brother . Oh , God , they extracted the twin . - No , the twin extracted itself . - But it 's an appendage . Yeah , Mulder . This wound is identical to the other victims ' wounds , with one exception ... he 's not bleeding . If you 're trying to tell me his twin brother can crawl out of his body ... and then go gallivanting ' around town , you 're as drunk as he is . You said it yourself , Sheriff . It 's what 's inside that counts . I have a feeling that Lanny has an internal anomaly ... that allows his conjoining twin to disjoin . - But how ? How could ... - How ... How could I turn him in without turning myself in ? Lanny , why does he attack other people ? I don 't think he knows he 's harming anyone . He 's merely seeking ... another brother . Are you in pain , Lanny ? It hurts . It hurts not to be wanted . I don 't know why he hates me so . I 've taken care of him for all of our lives . Maybe that is the reason why . How long can he survive outside of your body ? Long enough ... to understand that you cannot change the way you were born . Don 't worry . He 'll come back . He always does . I 'm still his only brother . Sheriff , we 're gonna need the paramedics . Scully , you 're the medical expert . If you think the twin can disengage , I believe you . But how mobile could such a thing be ? Too mobile . So , your twin can , uh ... And then ... What an act ! I 'll cover the back . Freeze ! What ? The fun house . I thought I heard a shot fired . I think we 'd better go outside and catch this thing coming out . It 's the manager 's dog . The trailer park . - Are you all right ? - Have you seen a , uh , uh ... Check out the area behind that trailer , and let me know what you find . - All right . - Now , you 're sure it was the twin you saw running ' around here ? Maybe it was the Fiji Mermaid and he jumped back in the river ... and swum his way back to Fiji . Now you know how I feel . - You 're taking off ? - Are you kidding ? With that thing still on the loose ? They 've been searching for it all day . It can 't have sustained itself for this long . It 'll probably try to crawl back up into its brother . No , his brother Lanny died last night . I already performed the autopsy on him this morning . So I guess it 's true , you can never go home again . His body wounds were nonfatal . He died as a result of advanced cirrhosis of the liver . Oh , there 's a moral to this story ... " lay off the booze . " His body possesses some anatomical discrepancies ... some offshoots of the esophagus and trachea ... that almost seem umbilical in nature . - I 've never seen anything like it . - And you never will again . Twenty-first century genetic engineering will not only eradicate ... the Siamese twins and the alligator-skinned people , but you 're gonna be hard-pressed to find ... a slight overbite or a not-so-high cheekbone . You see , I 've seen the future , and the future looks just like him . Imagine going through your whole life looking like that . That 's why it 's left up to the self-made freaks like me ... and The Conundrum to remind people . - Remind people of what ? - Nature abhors normality . It can 't go very long without creating a mutant . Do you know why ? - No , why ? - I don 't either . It 's a mystery . Maybe some mysteries are never meant to be solved . What 's the matter with your friend ? I don 't know what his problem is . Maybe it 's the Florida heat . I hope it 's nothing serious . Probably something I ate .
