 appear ! appear Dick ! thank Kindness . I Had horrible nightmare . he / she appeared inside one dreams me , that Great Wise Head he came , while flying in earth . and he behaved as the raw villager . and he did with you the boss . food great subsequent foam and ... dear me ! where is my ball ? ! wait . this was not any dream . he Did with me the boss . and my ball ? he Confiscated all our balls for me . Moj Deus , so then truth . it swallows coffee for me . I am not going this Already swallows him / it for any thing . you are Now my subordinate , be accustomed hereinto . super . view . - this . - Then order . order ? boss Sally , but impressive . he Dressed meeting , Sally that wants to go in purchases . did you Never think that I deserved promotion in that ? obviously , that this . which this is ? that is calls soap opera , me Mister . what do make them ? they Cultivate sex . I would want ... I Want this to do . I Want to do for this that that Drake makes Amanda 's sister . I will Play in some places . I would Want ... As he could do you of Sally the boss ? This I am the boss . any longer one . who am I like this ? I don 't make This knows . Does he / she can the Lieutenant ? tragedy . he / she doesn 't do adjusted Really you . we will Do with you alternation . alternation Dick , then sounds surprisingly . I cannot be alternation , Harry that is . like this you will be his / her assistant . there now ... this , this , this . don 't do thanks . he / she waits , I changed of direction , thank . subject of end covering is such , that this it is to only dress beautiful addition . there now you also can in her the something of coverings . I am not going this is in her Any thing that he kept . he / she idealizes good . You if something should take . They never seek the Girls . super , also to himself me on this worried . I Leave . she is sweet . be for his / her good . this is in his / her life the most important night . and what does the one make with marriage ? there now the girl only has jeden secondary-school to balk . some don 't have any Unhappily . greet Vicki . you Heard something Tommy , because me resolution this ! good morning Dick . the boss . I would like of only to say ... I accept his / her difficulty Completely . I only hope you will be to treat me of the same respect like me as boss treated him . obviously . Obtain out of my armchair . somebody has to vomit me florist in third . there don 't have doesn 't matter , Dick you will take him / it . this - yes , gentleman . - Thank you . Obtain out of my chair Dick . - there now . - Acquire out ! Dick obtains out of my chair . good morning everything . good morning , gentleman ! peacefulness , sits down . what being to hear there ? we Spoke approximately tomorrow impedes Tommiego . what does make this such one ? - this party . - Party , I enter in this . It was magnificently for , but this only for adolescents . it can go as his / her guardian . or better this . the guardian , even me to himself that this pleases . Dick obtains out of this chair . Does he / she want you to sit down ? this . there he / she doesn 't have none to put to embarrass , Dick . in moment life insurance this happens the all of the men . really ? luminous . like this me to himself at least he / she gives . as I only know 1000 of such wraps so far . what is it is going in C the upward which is ? I don 't make This knows . from Stone he / she appeared him ... give of him quiet ! I Knew like him to studies . Important part of back-scratcher in university . there now it removes this wieœniacki smile maliciosamente , sleep of him several times . never make thing you that would do , and later he / she waits with weeks lit telephone of him . that people you will know Then . this I waited for such an edifying conversation . Ugh Vicki , I do for love o . if you will forgive me once ? what being to hear ? do I have Here to connect kablówkê ? there in horn , well . us - he / she has to speak albeit I see him / it , ... - Or this this Plastuœ . like this . you Have beautiful oss . they move a lot , but it is beautiful . you ever since appeared , Dick has ... I was able to doesn 't do this note that you are the woman . and I would like even to go with you for bed . this Canlet has out this andlet goes to the room . this , plenty this . dear me . MY GOD ! I Know , but really I learn . YOU SKULL ! wait room that is here . this doesn 't have any button sleekers , so that he / she defecates ! I like to use this villainous one here . I heard This the more brute that that . It swallows stapler for me . you no longer it can order like this Harremu , it belongs now to you higher phases . and I forgot like this I have a lot celulitisu in ass would be the boss . He / she can like you would bet some you would recover fresh bra race . you Insinuate that I acquired does this race with consideration like me look ? - who insinuates ? We-count for thingamabob direct line in face . exactly . this such one typical . when the woman of such substance receives promotion everything those question . There now if the subject she receives from such substance . this was not the any objection . as jeden of my duties , I finished the report in the daytime . you will Notice that I organized him / it chronologically and this as my predecessor made this in it creates limericks mold . perfectly , I work of tip-top . there now you didn 't make this to look him . I didn 't need . this that Pleases me that I see now . on the one what do you count ? I Count ... on God . I didn 't make This wants in this to believe . you didn 't make This is me to promote with consideration in my accomplishments . - absolutely this . - Dear me . this zrozum me bad . I am it promoted because I am careful that you are they would give best candidate to me pleasure . good . therefore you you the pleasure , you the bing of he / she defecates . further on , I like such a conversation . I am Already ended . our store conversation . we Fell . you Look beautifully . I Thank . I Have question . like this ? what subject and what does the one ruin life me ? I swallowed fly Probably . God will forgive . I would evaluate if it goes you Same he didn 't make this catches mine the teacher of it typewrites for ass . I did evaluate if you took under attention that is yours the highest rule . leave you of her to greet . you him out while it times more with ancestor 's companion that with me . mine also ! the children of Hi . did you See something illegal here ? Is there little you know , cigarettes , alcohol ? this . there is little additional ziomalki , old he / she knows the Girls these small games . me his / her hob-nob zajawki Completely . which of these dances of children in " complex Mazovia ? " Hi you . Hi Vicki , what do you make here ? me Saturday home , I felt exclusions . I Told me . And I don 't make cares . they would go in the secondary-school deles / delas balks Never late for . this probably lie . this Stone is ? this . this well . I Have small information on his / her new friend . for the afternoon he / she caught me Today and he kissed . what does make he / she ? ! I Know this as touches were had was . - that is miraculous . - The one what ? ! stone he was fond you . and this will throw in me space in better white ! the different subject put me to throat language ! language ? ! Like this ! how does this come well is ? don 't you understand ? He accepted him / it . what do that say you you think ? I am careful that you are very wise , beautiful and seksi to be to interest this intellectual fool ! - Mary ? - The one what ? there he / she doesn 't already have probably any My small problem . their strange friend ruins balk . which ? he guides . like this me unpleasantly . I know that I damaged him / it whole party . In 20 years for it will finish Vicki certainly . and the whole piece of this for me . It is bad , but this until so bad . the Most important , that we are together here . He / she does happy This me . really ? really . I will Bring handkerchiefs . be careful everything ! We Announced the king and queen bee of it balks ! Tommy Solomon and Alissa Strudwick ! dear me ! We won ! this such one beautiful . God , like him only quarry for me . I represented myself my Tão there is little it balks . I was in very bad place , and you you awaked in me the woman . for Solomonów ? this , this , for me . port vision is incredible . I take there . first for many days it felt magnificently once . I don 't need to have fantastic title they would respect me . I have love . it is a little dries Here jelly next oven . ... there now you know that I deserved in her without consideration in that . - for you to want - Luminous . be intimate ! Hi you . Hi Vicki . us zabalowaliœmy Very well yesterday , that what ? œwiet was Like this ... it was oddly . what does make he / she ? that supposedly that that ... Stonem ? What did become he / she ? this doesn 't have sense . I only store , that I looked in earth with big metric . such spaces in white pulsing was . And this noise ... stone that he has there was then had been pleasant . close that I store this this that I appeared in own bed , there now me disremember as to himself I in him found . do you Think that I am going furious ? like this . like this , you are going furious . forget of everything , don 't do counts for anybody any thing and he / she fakes that nothing is you . like this . do you Have these filled ova ? I Have terrible appetite . probably diverse mums in living room . Walk after this ch ³ opaki . dear me , he took her / it to the cocoon of single . this beast ! Did he Use my innocent Vicki ? It is unexpected . good , as boss I will enter there and I will say what is played . good morning , gentleman . with deferential ... gentleman that is not able to out of fair to I object caught medium people . obviously that I can . there now places are in THE ground they would do for this that you did . I Know , but I wanted to be very loudly . you didn 't make justice this planet in the person 's reports . It is infectious , I don 't make this wants her to leave . me In alkali this decided to do our place new operational base . - really ? - Like this ! I will Become engaged the architect he would extend this place . I will Never lower him / it . me I do doesn 't acquire the idea that is is going in C the upward which is . there now I am probably in cyesis . to look that is the time , I already have to fly . I have to fly Exactly . I Have to fly , I am late . what do you make ? I don 't make This knows , but she surrounded me the emergency one of escape . me Mister ? happen courageously and imperceptibly . like you he / she wants there . we have Goods here serious situation . There now we have time , we have nine months . us - it will invent Something . - Ch ³ opaki that we have small problem here . however 10 minutes behind these trousers adjusted like him decanted . and I don 't can them now button upward . and $ 40 cost . as seeing well . He / she sees him / it tomorrow , calmly sleep . I Still entered there is only a little . dear me , Vicki me I , ask , ask . she-put weight a little . She-swollen upward a little . she adores clubs . you to Look as in sixth month of cyesis . exactly ! congratulations Harry . my first week as the boss , then is me this necessary ! what will we make now ? good ! firstly , for minimalize switches . Dick caught object of here Mary . the light in jeden of these the foreign films that fake that you like . Tommy , touch for hospital , says that we go . Harry , surround himself in bathroom , I don 't make this wants in order to him coiled among legs . robot 's Good the boss . I Thank . for novice . and I thank like this . obviously in my guard this it was the any fertilization through extraterrestrials . I Understand Dick , thank you . doctor Albright ? many for me would label the woman her she go took of my turn childbirth . what does make he / she ? I am not such doctor . I Understand . only then , that I don 't have safe he / she labels that I am not the human being . this , this , I cannot take of his / her turn childbirth . there now I can be close to you . this well because waters there are probably little they left me ! dear me . Dick ! Walk here ! we Have to take her / it for hospital . Child is in area ! what will we make now ? What will make us now ? you are the boss , command us ! Do let us pursue ? we Go ! everything will be well the good . I Already feel this ! I Feel how left ! weaken and breathe deeply , it goes well you . I Already see head . Kurde , but great head . this Dick is ? didn 't I see him / it , and that what ? his / her family Stone he left this yesterday in it balks . he flowed a little more to cuff this Probably . what do you think like this ? I Appeared in soccer American sport field as sprinklers united . I will Say him / it ... where does he / she make my evidence ? I don 't make This knows . cholera ! of all together the same ! I brought to ruin Pistols , drugs , corpse even once .
