 here his / her post office . I Thank . they Played with Foundation Andrew Kane Arlene B. Fleishman they received his / her conclusion approximately it concession-in-helps . magnificently . it Grant-in-helps him of Fundação Andrew Kane Arlene B. Fleishman is really of the prestige . what do you Really think you are standing a chance she to acquire ? I Already have her / it in pocket . I will Subvert them my scientific genius , they will emit me these $ 200 00 and I am going to Disneylandu , duckie ! these that money is in scientific auditings . you eat certain you are since I will already arrive there NASA . the area friend this letter then you have small chain three days in ruling ten lances for their friends . don 't make him / it plays out because it will be you pursued bad luck . Sincerely ... which this is ? I also acquired . the Steak of foolishness , play him / it out simply . you are furious . my aunt Janell she played such card out once and it cut the same day his / her hand in juice extractor . me I do doesn 't acquire the idea . What cardinality can have such letter ? Cardinality of waste of his / her time . then to take a risk , leave you will send him / it . every culture has his / her superstitions . I Studied on top of everything . and jedno that they have common thingamabob that they are ... his / her aunt probably now reason , that cover of plastic he / she joined to juice extractor this is not there without the accusation . anything you Mary 's God is ? ! I Counted in order to you doesn 't go plays this letter out . this is not graced the alone coincidence . Hi . I Already know how Dubcek comes she took for my such small apartment . to look in whole this scrap , which I found in cistern to it frustrates . this , this , this . this scrap should be there that is cerebriform of his / her bathroom . or heart . we Have go make purchases of tools Elberfelda in Main street . preservatives free Distribute . any longer one . This new shopping center entered in being ever since they of tools next outline highway went bankrupt . Old Elberfeld that he died exclusions as gone bankrupt . is new store of tools next outline highway ? ! - Czadowo ! We-go ! family conference ! Family conference ! if somebody with you can organize probable manuscript in this expulsion some letter can cause breaking waxing fins of subject of grounds ? obviously , that like this . waxing Subject of grounds thought , that you throw his / her payment away . this . Subject of grounds any thing on this didn 't make this knows . as well as you it does come played his / her payment out ? this was not any payment . any payment ? like this any marvel that of wax layer he was the furious subject . this ! this , this , this . that is fire small chain . this her only piece that any thing doesn 't do is significant post office this there Nina is careful now , that throwing away he was this possible it was to matter in me bad luck . give quiet . That is stupid . chance , that these two things are with me be related as million for jednego . I Thank ! probability the same as this , that in that gównianej will place extraterrestrials of planet of distant galaxy . - Hi everything ! - Girl of Hi ! It came behind Tommiego in mesz hockey . the hockey Game ? like this . Store these entrances you in completely station in Ice of games Wieprzy , on which you implored me I would order how did we with me still walk ? this . they In end came . 63 games to me . like this I decided to invite Tommiego and his / her girl in hockey banquet . I will show Thank you this Alissie I eat a lot several I have interest . every subject likes the good game of hockey . do you Still try to be to give for Museum of Miniatures ? Desperacko . do you See this car great ice-cream extensive ? It is fire with car of ice . and this zamboni ? like this . there now zamboni this in Italian the ice-cream car or car of ice . drawings ! Who drawings ? ! I don 't have the idea of green remoted on hockey . I am man 's deplorable imitation . don 't make concern . when game will begin , and sticks will tear substances separately , they are going aviate ice-cream will stain teeth and blood he / she will wander so much in side of audience testosterone , that Alissa is able to do a mistake piece the one of him as yours . well . I Thank . passage ! Enter in him with substance ! which this Stendstrom is ? number 23 Ulf Stendstrom 161 seams , 8 needy teeth and two broken snouts . hockey Fop . throw splendid fertilizer ! Shoot ! do I Can in something help ? like this , probably necessary me such jedno . license that I will look . they Increased to himself wieszakowy of new wire , there now cistern is in order here mum problem , their washer leaks . quite good with you the expert . I work a here little . do you know how to repair everything Certainly ? many of . something however ? this . like this , like this . the one that you know about shelves . done stagnate if finished ? done stagnate ? go by alejkê No. 15 you for WCs everything will find there . well . I will Ask three kicks this screw key . do I Have for gentleman to do screw keys ? three . I need three that kicks . well . this not only for me , all of the students but for , I accept ... concession-in-help with Foundation Andrew Kane Arlen B. Fleishman . I am alone small mummer only mummer ... science In surprising drama what is . Hi Dick . which if it turned of his / her hand ? this anything . like them they dressed me fins feed she accompanied I for car and her beat me hand doors . do cases happen , that what ? like this . she Took me with flyback and them fastened me frame and it distances me cortisone injection I hope you feel well . cortisone was designated this bad monoxadyl was . there now he / she said , that increase he / she will be standing below before spring hair . don 't make bill that you have the whole time this . I Registered in him calls him very important number . I don 't make this sees Any thing . I Wrote very small with letters . are we Going in game today ? if you will give piece of advice . nothing is me . do I excuse Myself ? what can say I for you am does he / she differentiate between half inch and 3 / 8 tube ? they ask me Recently frequently for this . the standard rule of thumb is . 3 / 8 adjustments for my ear . during when half inch that doesn 't do that it adjusted . I Thank . they don 't mention this . all banks . you the Will need only forehead and pencil of Not . 2 . you Have hour exactly he goes ... take Léon this of bank . this the leg of my happy rabbit . I Want in order to this was well me . and cutty the leg of small vacuum cleaner does it increase their chances for good opinion ? I make calculations in that . cannon of Learnedly in most of people . in me this , then I have this . separated this . and what does the one make of Bugiem ? He can have in me soy-bean shirt of happy fleece Pendelton ? I didn 't make This only accommodates her in test , the game type similar to baseball . Game of Pendelton plays basket-ball today and they always win like me have her . the doctor that what with our exam ? be intimate Caryn . this his / her shirt actions in games alone home this after that what metric it loses his / her cardinality ? He / she will enchant . did you See this ? This is game substance . and he / she left I will guess , does nobody play substance for Stendstrom ? exactly , nobody . we excused Ourselves for delay . Carburettor caught fire to me . I find strange only this was , that car was turned off then . does bad luck pursue him / it probably ? she Threw small chain away . this bad presage . game elbow ! This it was game elbow ! Blind fool to encase of him ! he / she can say out for somebody this pissing cane in order for her to be closed . this new girl Tommiego . very pleasant . sprout ! Shoot ! be careful Mary ! there now you have luck ! and I thought that bad luck pursued him / it ! do you See simple ? and I worried like this . to look I tear him / it . these will be rearwards . what is chances that Mary that pessary of Albright will diffuse . this ! then the curse of small chain ! he / she swims worse to become to me this is not able to . I am complete ! ei Justin . Justin look that it was depraved . how did this become ? I don 't have the remoted idea.It it was Had was to disconnect somehow , or something . He / she looks as somebody would amputate sander then . strange . will you repair this there now ? I Have this to unlock . To look to mechanism . you Will has to push tubes ? possible . I only wait , that this is going none must was przekalibrowaæ thermostat . a lot of sliding In outflow comes together . that what you hereinto use ? Calgonitu . me - it will return Soon . He / she will wait . do you Know this song " the Macho Man ? " they sing This on him . Przystojniacy in flannel and will wide sides reach in you groves ? I Ask . Many subjects have this . There now Justin ... Justin can repair different things . It is capable to this builds , the belt full of tools has . it belts in tool if you prefer . how do I have of such a part of back-scratchers to compete ? to look in me . I Have thin sides , once for month shaving . my bottom is fresh apartment . listen the Good me . it is not for me such a sharp one . the girls ' pulp is certainly , which they are willing to call to himself with such period like you . defecate me this helped . then catastrophe . What will make me now ? He / she already sits down as this concession-in-help escapes to me with crawfish . I Counted in order gentleman 's sended this letter . my students have happy amulets , if they act ? they are not going this harms certainly . leave you to remember some thing that had gentleman when something very well to himself that you happened . for instance in day as I got to know Mary ? like this ! What did have he / she him then you in pockets ? dressing ! my happy dressing . happy dressing ? cholera ! I Threw him the party that Harremu and he brought for ruining . that that you talk . did you never hear to speak of tribe Machaqua ? obviously that we heard . there now it counts for Ninie . the men of this tribe wierzeli , that use of thank you this case in them ... that use of thank you this case every disaster will repel . super . Do I can this chalet ? he / she didn 't make This to lower work . The volcano deles / delas Blew out . all that we on them know , we perfectly know of it maintained of these cases . some volcanoes are in Ohio ? this ! for well , I will accommodate this . emit this ! good ! and it stinks as well as devil . to look in her . she does for love Stendstroma . it simply uses crooked manners the one of her for same plays . I Do for love Stendstrom ! he / she is going picture can Soon . you take easy this this only innocent charm . a little such the one that I had José Neamitha . I am not of this proud one . this is not innocent , she for him is going furious . he is more staminate than I. tray as we will always be us to lose of like him . me at least I can writes them out mandate for crossing speed . and the one what have me to do ? becoming in that depends the man . you so only Bill because you don 't make this knows on me help . exactly . what do you make ? anything . I Run out before bad luck and I don 't make this skirt of this he / she marries without any happy amulet . - really ? - Like this . you Know how to find hard in the leg of this city rabbit ? this vein to you . the postman left case then in my room . of Foundation Andrew Kane Arlen B. Fleishman . I became candidate approximately it concession-in-helps the finalist ! this has to be his / her happy day . - and you ! - The one what ? you are my happy amulet ! me by all possible means and he / she thanks for our interval store . do I Can in something help ? I Seek Justina . this next different customer is ? nor , he / she has liberates today . Does he / she can me I can help ? this . this , this , this . He / she wanted to speak of Justinem on chosen shelf . my specialty . I was for ten carpenter of years . were you ? I Had license . license ? this . I am not able to . this was this fair in face Justina . this this this , that I don 't want , there now me the one what to pull , well , doesn 't he / she know ? there don 't have doesn 't matter . To screw Justina ! Let Let us make this ! do I excuse Myself ? where garden is - section ? I don 't have the green of remoted idea . we will Look for together . moment . you lies out here ? this , what do you make like this thought ? you Have orange - shirt ... this On the one what he walked ? make to pause me . you are free . listen . we Have to speak . I Implore him / it . everything knows that you are big , strong and you can have every girl , but ... I Ask him / her as the subject of subject . can you leave my girl for me ? Only this jedn ¹ I , remain so much asks , only this jedn ¹ . pigs of ice are number jeden . her for me labels a lot . if it turns at the school . Say drug . me the Will supposition , but you this you understand words in English . say drug . what do you make ? I Count this ostatni once . leave inside quiet my girl , because you will be with me powder to negotiate with . and don 't you want this , do you understand ? Okey . which this was ? he Told about you low blows . I didn 't make This wants to be brutal , but as I would have I would press in this him in zamboni . the fool of the cut . he is there however . therefore . doctor Solomon , we greeted . I Thank . I Ask for to enter . like this ... like this ... Obviously . - well to himself you do sit down ? I-thank , well . we Read gentleman that runs and we cannot wait for introduction . I Thank . I Already go . who is this ? my respectable friend Mum Dubcek . happiness . happiness . happiness . happiness . happiness . happiness . happiness . doctor Solomon . however moment . like this ? in gentleman 's thirteenth side of running you suggest that the superpozycje maintains ... Unpleasantly me , but I cannot answer questions in that . you are not able to ? I am not going This answer in any question relative side thirteenth or as I call the side of his / her Devil . if license I will take this and I will acquire them frees demoniac Mojo . like this ? you of thought that in this way us you will impress ? I didn 't make This acquires this concession-in-help . didn 't their ideas please them ? I didn 't make This processes them . I was also ears of busy massaging Dubcek . this such one strange. people scold everything these superstitions would control accidental events . there now before superstitions they looked for to himself that they control them . and to think that I almost gave to himself in this to attract . he / she sits down me foolishly also . Thought , that Alissa does for love Stendstroma . only then , that it is big and beat-for top and it likes to struggle God is is . to buy to I center Idê some training shoes . Unbound secret . this was not any bad luck , I have inflammation ear interns , I for this didn 't make this knows to tolerate balances . knowledge Well . car of Pani will be finished for tomorrow . which became ? some child threw in windscreen with sliding . this era shooting star . they don 't make This knows this ! NASA the whole time studies him / it ! Bad Mojo . Bad Mojo .
