 turn below Mum this ! I Seek running ! what do you want ? ! well . like this good-bye . good-bye . who was this ? my girl . his / her girl ? like this , Alissa . from when Alissa this his / her girl is ? this On the one what you walk ? Us In school the whole time is together . we Bought together pizza . with my girl . since you count like this . she invited me Only I am going bym he helped her in taken care on top of child . if this doesn 't align for the point that the boy does ? in vertebrae in which it returns , this . like this you commit a same mistake . Because Alissa is my girl . right . repeat then this can you will begin in this believing . I Hate him / it . greet the good . I Ordered with a lot of Chinese food I hope you are hungry . I am Always hungry . I like in you This . you Like to eat , you have enormous stomach . and long intestines . you Have good geny . such that would like to pass the person 's children . you can pass darkens - catfish . me no longer it is young , and mine clock biological fight faster . like this . You can pass a little him - shu . I Want to have the child . good morning everything ! you then Anonse erudite Sally ? I house-hunt own . do I Listen ? I Solved to do of you to take to cable . on this . this , this , this . - time already Vein . - This . and more important than will come never . I will leave Now and I will enter with flyback and we will begin whole day again . good morning everything ! you then Anonse erudite Sally ? do I house-hunt own ? WHAT does the one make what ? ! I Want to have own angle ! outside of cogitation no . We are squad . We are in mission . discovery is My mission as this the human woman is to be growed . and me still alive with my older brother . dividing we took a risk coming to light up . Speeches her for Harry to argue . only I have very per capita of.I now Wonder on top of doing the child of Vicki . WHAT does the one make what ? ! do you Think that alcohol will help ? I would go drug . were you furious ? ! the one that you do when the doctor will say : Congratulations this 4 - does a-kilo horn purple ? only like this , clumsy situation . us As squad should wait together . And you want to enter in different command all . and you Tommy ? Will you Run had been to unite for circus ? ! live with dreams . stop immediately ! I come the a boss of decision . nobody of this squad will fertilize , he moved nor he nursed without my absolute objection ! good morning everything ! the good morning the game type similar to baseball . - the fool . - Ass-hole . so better . I Play in apartment subject . like this . Super . Sally Solomon that can fall him will look at this . I Ask doesn 't do this to tolerate sick-delegates her , that alcoholic is declared . who am I ? the drunk of her connectionless family . I Thank good-bye . what do you make ? I Cut wing for Sally . This Thank you even . she house-hunts like this he makes his / her stink in every hirer apartment in city . also in little it lives . slope upward . can he / she wait gentleman 's moment ? people grow . You don 't can his / her stop forever . when I lived in bedroom , ancestor didn 't do me let to quiet . he Visited me for all of the weekends . romance also Had with school nurse . Bed on this that went mad me this . and therethrough to himself I of him dismissed . You make the same exactly . you cannot compare myself for the ancestor morally depraved of the person . my family is different . very different . he / she promises me that you will stop . well , I promise . I Thank . I Thank that gentleman waited . I am of big Colombian drug cartel . like this . And I house-hunt for jednego with the person 's mules , Sally Solomon . I do thank . I Stopped , I stopped . you Know ... I Meditated a little ... if this will be the young girl , it will be homothetic to me . If the boy , will be homothetic to you . and as he / she looks how it is going something didn 't you see that never again early what ? this happened . My sister has the child , which looks exactly as my boy . this was strange . Very strange . I am not simply safe if this good idea . I make love in you Only this . you are strong and seksi not only , there now you are the warrior . you will Be the fresh dad . like this . I will Be previous excellent . I Like children . I like each other with them being . I only hope this will mills . he / she is Here number under which we will be , the telephone number is in car here . and the number of my sister is in refrigerator . I Ask doesn 't do this worries everything that will be well . this is Tommy . to get knowing Nicely . you-have numbers ... There - it is numbers Like this - this well . - Good-bye , good-bye . - the one what being to hear ? - All well . - what does the one make to you ? - Well . I was able to doesn 't do this notification , that presented me like Tommiego . like this . only Tommy ? hitting . would you Prefer Mr. T ? after right I don 't make this wants to himself they worried whole night to who I am . if then the brother Tommy of her , done the partner occupations light Tommy ? or the dance instructor Tommy ? his / her boy Tommy ? The one of her the dance instructor Tommy ? the dance Instructor ? this only such example.Let leave teleview something . - good-night , good-bye on Monday . - Good-night . what did you make for curse this ? or I will become and I will have a glance . Obdzwoni ³ am all of the agencies of renting and everything separated the stethoscope . the poracowaæ must Can on top of call culture . Albright that you only live , am I able to ask him / her for something ? I Have little left . this will only occupy moment . Me if he / she sits down asks . I Thank . I am in my such point life , that I don 't make this already wants to live of my family . and I do want to hear the woman in that prayer subject . he / she says her that it commits a mistake . every time like me I left him some pieces of advice , I have subsequent difficulty . what does make he / she ? Convert jedn ¹ . I can convert five . I can seven . me ten . me twelf . anything bed me in turn this . only woman Lives . Do I also can , truth ? without comment . I Order him / it of turn my previous answer . you are Able to present for a proof many documenting , as apartment is wonderful exclusions of responsibility . they would answer question in that , we have to define what meaning of word " that is " that is . if in millions of years you would like to live in attic of Dickiem , Tommym and Harrym . this depended for many factors ... answer in question . I would Prefer to live in cardboard in central station . that that these beautiful children . to look this me . me learnt for there is to walk a little . and you took part in competition of small beauty . I was Miss Small Powderama . be intimate ! I Already came to a decision . leave mantises of this . ¯ ebyœ she knew . He / she executes his / her race here . his / her brother tolerates swinging of some problems . this is the fool . he / she doesn 't make This wants to allow in order to her moved . I Have room on top of garage , which I rented once . what does make he / she ? this place is curse . this this the only asbestos and wall curves . I would like to see this place . that is this . I don 't make This believes . there he / she doesn 't have any kitchen . that is is not going this is containers about the glance of God in that ! I Know wood room then . this . Porto . you didn 't make This bill that port was here . excellent place in electron hole . Good Dubie you for this desire how much ? $ 75 for one month . do you Count seriously ? good $ 60 . I Take . he / she will change . there don 't have doesn 't matter in this case $ 75 will be . the star Good-night , good-night the air good-night all of the children good-night moon . good-night . where of you they do know Wheelerów ? Deus Wheeler is the boss of my mum . like this if it would saw him / it in corridor her running would say ... my boss , Carpenter of gentleman 's wheels . like this . and if you saw me pursuing corridor in the school you would say ... Hi Tommy . right . did they Already return ? God this some straszni extravagances . like this . My uncle and his / her girl . auditions Processed us that you have the child here . you are Here . - the light . - The one what ? it is going Spodoba to you will see was . are you safe ? certainly . the children , do you plan me to do the children ? additional Dick , coma . I am not hungry . You can ruin the rest . clear upward . Own angle Wants to have there be this . I Live further on . Sally kept me in side-track and me containing super . I am not able to . To find flies prepares in order to her returned . I Understand . you Worry on his / her safety . you Probably play . It can and it is hard , but it is also naive , this and therethrough are bitten of appetising . for fast Freddiego the pimp of psychical of beautiful fryzurk ¹ . you Still make love the one of her . Can . more shrimps Johny ! if it only goes understood the rule methods she would come back from criminals of time . the criminals ? what is these methods exactly ? standard history . tired turn , leaves back to close handkerchief . szlafroczek Accommodates and bed close to port . suddenly , somebody knocks on doors . - pizza ? - This ! then doctor Hannibal in visard and of handle . she screams in niebog ³ osy , but nobody the one of her he / she doesn 't make this hears because the thread of crosses of cars there is a little . I square small ugly , but it can happen . you eat certain you are . I Can him / it warranty that if it will turn like this ! to Buy him / her some winko ? they have a certainly here little . cannot you wait for the new Wars of Star ? anything . you are not able to him speaks so only . have to take him / it available and to himself of him to play . there is little additional , you will feel this . I didn 't make this feels Any thing , but me with trust something touch . and I felt now . go me in city in ice . Us to himself we will occupy with whole here . you-is it safe ? - Go , go . parties to himself with the person 's boy . good . did you Hear that what her she said ? William has full nappy , if she wants this to kill , me this plays . this , this , this . Earlier . it turned me on yours , only you know ... the boy ? like this ? like this nothing , is the coollet walk . direct line in man of eyes ! who do make there ? only cat . only cat . the lieutenant ! what does make he / she ? this me ! I Know ! stop strangling me ! This is order ! does make what you condemn this ? ! I Came to show for the one that you are living only abandoned . - and you shew ? - Like this ! we are the Lieutenant us , have to be together , squad . I don 't make This leaves squad . I Want to only have own angle . I Want in order to hair in previous sink only mine . there now you are not going this is under my roof . I am close However . glance . When I unlock doors I look at fourth Tommiego . only like this . God is this child doesn 't have for gorsz of privacy . nothing will be me . me learnt a lot . you Had the good teacher . to kill Idê imports Harrego . the boss ? To proceed carefully and branch . his / her attention goes for . amazing . this for funny after two hundred times still has care with some the accusation me also . you already can stop of Well . I Count seriously ! some you beautiful . like you it will grow with somebody . the post Employee the box in hut in highway . or the plane president some fanklubu . I Envy their parents . like this ? I Know that I am not his / her normal subject . there now it deserves in such only happiness as close . stop Immediately ! didn 't you teach to beat ? I Notice him / it if you will continue this foolish prank and you will fertilize this fastened null receiver his / her intergalaktycznym semen you are not going this is longer he deserved in protection for our squad . like this you count that I am not sufficiently good for his / her family ? this ! there now you are not . you Know my prayer . What is his / her decision ? you can hold Williama . we will make the child ! we are ! what do you write ? Enroll reprimand for Harrego for diary . what did he make that ? trivial . what to himself does that lie down here ? we were Morning however together , and he / she has a glance now only . Sally that lives at garage , Harry that is of this Vicki . the whole piece of this therethrough Dubceków . with all the simple one , how does it come we had to solve these ? this it was first place in which we sought . then truth . all of the nights before me for he / she will sleep I look for to himself in mirror sometimes hours . and I congratulate myself as well he / she faked to play me out this squad . there now I only see defeat today . I am the bad boss . you are the splendid boss . this planet is difficult . people grow , sprawiaja this such different displeasure is earth . you are not going this advises in this Any thing . where of he / she makes the whole piece of this knows ? I am oldest.It such things In my age were knowed was . anything you will be ? walk to me maluszku . me here and I will Leave him / it for him you with ancestor any thing does . go down with me ! he / she waits for my ancestor is not only some subject with that live . this ! This ! This ! stiffen humor so quickly here . you Come , while flying planet in that , you accommodate , that his / her subordinate will be you to need . and them statku of od innego ) it sharpens one day out . and you sit down and he / she wants to know to them that being to hear . we can prove . Harry as it flies ? incredibly ! Sally what the one makes to you ? be intimate ! I feel Well when they play .
