 Casa mia . It 's nice . Cheers . - What ? - I don 't do this very often . What , drink whiskey from a dusty glass ? Come to a man 's house just after meeting him . Yeah , well I 'm harmless . Yeah Dean , sure you are . Nice equipment . Yeah , I 'm a webhead . That explains my attraction . I 've always had a thing for surfers . - I write for the Paranoid Times . - Cool . I 've got that site bookmarked . I 'm doing the lead story this month . Here , let me show you . Hey , surfer boy ... How about I wax your board ? In 1564 , Nostradamus predicted the destrustion of Earth , in 3 terrifying waves . The First wave is here . My name is Cade Foster . These are my journals . They killed my wife , framed me for murder . Now i run , but i don 't hide . With the prophecies of Nostradamus as my guide I seek them ... I hunt them ... I will stop THE FIRST WAVE Season 01 Episode 02 On the run for the past 22 days . Borrowed five grand from my uncle Harry . Been using cover identities to stay one step ahead of the law . I anonymously contacted the FBI , CIA and the Department of Defense about the alien experiment that killed my wife . As expected , no response . When you 're wanted for murder every move is critical . The wrong choise can be fatal . This is the life of a hunted man . This is my life . I 'm Cade Foster . I used to believe little green men belonged on the supermarket tabloid shelves next to the latest sightings of Elvis , but now I know different . The aliens are here ... And if I 'm going clear myself of this murder charge I 've got to let people know . I 've come to Potomac Maryland in search of a man known as Crazy Eddie . He publishes a web page on the internet called the Paranoid Times . A document that seeks to expose the evil conspiracies and dirty little secrets of those who hold power . The mast head on Crazy Eddie 's web page says ' Believe the unbelievable ' . If anyone ever needed a believer , it 's me . I 'll shish-kebob your throat if you don 't raise you hands . Eddie Nambulous , publisher of paranoid press ? Shut up , I ask the questions . What are you doing here ? I got a story I thought you might be interested in . I 've been diagnosed with acute paranoid disorder , so sneaking up on me is a very bad idea . How the hell did you find my location ? Met a hacker in Michigan . Five shots of tequila and he fessed up your locale . That damned Nicky Owens , lush . This article about cloning has similarities to my own story . That 's why I came . You 're not here to kill me ? I need your help . Can we talk inside ? - What 's your name ? - Name 's Cade Foster . My wife was killed and replaced by a clone . I was framed for her murder . Why should I trust you ? You shouldn 't , you 're paranoid . I saw my wife 's clone Hey , trust me , you 're gonna wanna hear my story . Let 's go inside . Nice saber . Sword that killed Lincoln . Lincoln was shot . That 's what they tell you . I was one of 117 subjects in an experiment designed to test human will . They stole our money , killed our loved ones , destroyed our lives . I think I was the only one who survive . Who do you think is behind the experiment ? C.I.A. ? No . F.B.I. , N.S.C. ? I don 't think so . Defense Department ? Clandestine black chopper Units ? I think it was aliens . For a second there you really had me going . What are you talking about , half your back issues are about aliens . That 's part of the reason I came . I was wrong . That whole truth is out there b.s. , is just a government scheme to keep our attention away from the real crap that 's going on right under our noses . Like what ? Big brother , man . Control the population through cloning , brainwashing , secret societies , devaluation of currency . You name it . Why would the government run cloning labs ? - To make duplicate Lee Harvey Oswalds . - Oswalds ? The story Dean Hormeth was investigating . Broke into a government cloning lab . Stole a piece of evidence . Warned him he was in danger and haven 't seen him in three days . Dammit ! Allow me . Pretty handy talent . That 's the file Dean Hormeth brought me . He 's my top writer . Somewhere around here a government cloning lab has been growing human bodies for a long , long time . Somehow , Dean found that lab . He may have solved the most mysterious US assassinations of the 20th century . The lone nut theory , hogwash . There were six sightings of Lee Harvey on the day that Kennedy was assassinated . Cuba ... Moscow ... Washington ... Miami ... Dallas ... and Poughkeepsie , New York . Are you saying these Oswalds were manufactured around here ? Dean never told me the location . Well , can we go to his house ? Can we check it out ? I 'm not doing anything with you . It 's alien hunters like you that give guys like me a bad rep . Why don 't you stop watching the X-Files and get yourself a life ? I got nowhere to go Eddie ! Now I need your help ! Get your hands off me ! I work alone ! I don 't like you , I don 't trust you , I don 't believe in you . I 'm not gonna drop all my important work and pick up some cockamamie stories about little green men . Aliens ! Eddie says Dean Hormeth stole something from the cloning lab . I 'm curious to know what that something is . If Eddie won 't tell me , maybe Dean will . Some high-tech security Dean . Nice decorating . My car just broke down on the overpass . I was just wondering if I could use your phone to call a tow truck . I don 't know what it is , men just turn me on . Well , please , don 't turn off . You 're very cute . Cute isn 't usually in the lexicon terms used to describe me . Dean said you were cute . You know Dean ? - He wants you to give me what he stole . - Oh my God ! Give me the orb and I might let you live . Cut the foreplay , sweetheart . Useless . You 're really pissing me off . Where do you think you 're going ? You just don 't know when to quit , do you ? Maybe you have what I 'm looking for . You still don 't believe in aliens , buddy ? What did she want ? Maybe she was looking for this . I couldn 't help it , Foster . She was beautiful . She wasn 't human , pal . You see her face flash when I walked in ? What are you talking about ? You saw her arm disappear , right ? C.I.A. has a toxin that can make flesh dissolve . Whatever . Why was she after this thing ? Well , clearly it 's part of the cloning process . Metal alloy shell , smooth surface . High-tech golf ball ? Very funny . This thing was glowing a minute ago . Let see if we can find out what it does . The orb they stole holds the consciousness of Joshua . These fools have one of our most powerful leaders in their hands and they don 't even know it . It was a mistake for you to get Joshua . I would have succeeded if that man hadn 't interrupted . Well , you did not succeed . So no we 've had to prepare new human husk to replace the arm that you lost . Effect the transfer . Sometimes it glows and sometimes it doesn 't . Look at this , radio frequency emissions are off the scale . How come you got an RF detector ? Are you into electronics ? I used to be a thief . Ofcourse you were . OK , wild guess , it 's an energy source . Well , not a normal one . Did Dean say where he got this thing from ? Dean would never reveal the source . Well , if this is an alien technology or a Lee Harvey Oswald battery pack , we 've got to get it to the authorities . Just who might these authorities be ? F.B.I , Pentagon , National Security Council ... Someone who can tell us where this thing comes from . You 're a wanted murderer , I 've been hacking into government computers since I was thirteen . How far do you think we 'll get ? The alternative ? I got an idea . Downloading Amsa-1 memory essence . Binary download complete . Uploading Amsa-2 memory essence . Binary upload complete . Amsa ... Are you conscious ? Yes . Neural function complete . We will retrieve Joshua . Here 's your little bag of tricks . Sorry . Where did you get this ? There was another guy , Mayhew . He was part of the same experiment . He killed himself . I found that manuscript buried on his property . These look like original verses of Nostradamus . If these are authentic , they could be worth a bundle . On the seventh dawn of the seventh day , a twice-blessed man will roam the fields . Doomed to shadows with his brethren or savior to all who walk the ground . I thought I 'd read every quatrain that Nostradamus ever wrote , but never these . He found it in Normandy . Normandy ? 1564 , Nostradamus is nearly blind , but his powers are at their height . He retreats to mountain monastery and writes prophecies for the next millennium . His greatest work . The book vanishes . Some say it was burned in a fire . Others that it was stolen by a secret organization known as the " Illuminati " . Who are they ? They are the puppet masters who control the banking system and every world government . This is their symbol . Don 't you get it Foster ? This could be the lost Nostradamus . I won 't fail this time . You 're not going . Joshua is important to me , Anton . Your job is to oversee the transfer Have you ever lost someone ? Can 't you understand my dilemma ? Those humans have Joshua . Let me get Joshua . Your responsibility is to the mission . You 're right . Please bring him back . I 've already grown a very special husk . Our friend ... Dean Hormeth . So , who is this guy ? Roland Kelso , PhD. in neuroscience . He studies orphans and mammalian brains . Some kind of ... animal shrink ? His lab of sophisticated equipment will help us analyze exactly what makes our little golf ball tick . Back in ' 82 , the government ran a program to use dolphins as delivery systems for small nuclear warheads . Roland trained the dolphins for two years . What a guy ! How do you know him ? He needed me to hack into government files to prove the existence of the program . To expose the government ? No , to blackmail the government . Look in the dictionary under greedy you 'll see a picture of Roland . I put the object in a tank with a dense electromagnetic field . I measured the energy fluctuations , it 's amazing . What did you find ? Well , the electrical discharges actually take the form of alpha rhythms . Speak English . An electroencephalogram gives you a reading of the minds overall electrical activity . Let see just how smart this thing really is . I don 't know where you gentleman got this thing but I can bet it wasn 't legal . I 'm 50-50 for the patent , or ... I 'll have the law all over your necks . The wave patterns spike like a human brain only stronger . Larger brain capacity ? An artificial intelligence that mimics the human brain ? Oh , no computer can do that . Do you know what the computer industry would pay for that ? Think of the applications . It 's like having a working brain in the palm of your hand . Who could have manufactured something like this ? None of the majors I would have heard about . If this thing was manufactured then we could recreate it . The financial potential is astounding . That 's not what we had in mind . Well , then you 're a fool . Roland , look ! I can get development money ... We need to find out who manufactured this and where . We need to manufacture it ourselves . You don 't understand ! Roland , the graph is spiking . You are not cutting me out , buddy . No ! Effect the transfer . Effect the transfer . He 's okay . He 's okay . Effect the transfer . The Buddhists believe in the reincarnation of the soul from one animal shell to another . What are you saying Eddie ? This thing is some sort of delivery system , a fed-ex from outer space ? There 's no proof that this is alien in origin . Roland said it was mechanical . Well , maybe Roland was wrong . Look , I 've seen classified KGB documents that describe a mechanical device used to create six different Lee Harvey Oswalds . Enough with the Oswalds . Why are we going back to Dean 's ? We need to find the cloning lab Eddie . And Dean knew the address . What the hell happened here ? This is how I found the place . Memory 's shot . All the files have been deleted . We gotta find the address to the lab . You think he would have left any paper evidence ? He 's a webhead , paper 's for dinosaurs . Dean ! What the hell are you doing ? Where you been ? Eddie . What are you doing here ? I was worried about you . You didn 't return my email . I thought somebody offed you . Been on the trail man , this story 's bigger than big . I know , I know man . Wait till you hear what 's been going on . Sorry . That 's Cade , fellow traveler . - He okay ? - Yeah . I gotta show you some equipment I snared from the lab . Foster already found it . Do you mind if I get it back ? Where is it ? Hey Dean , you always leave your place looking like this ? It 's kind of weird , don 't you think ? You didn 't even mention your house was trashed ... What 's your problem Foster ? What happened to your paranoid instinct Eddie , this isn 't Dean . What are you talking about ? - Where is it ? - Hey Dean , take it easy . - Give me the orb ! - Eddie ! Give it to me ! Now ! Give me the orb ! Eddie ! Die alien scum ! I always wanted to say that . They don 't like to leave evidence lying around . That self annihilation is pretty clever . Thanks , Eddie . You 're welcome . This is the Dean machine . He loved this car . Hey , breaking and entering is a class A felony . I won 't tell if you won 't . Look for anything that might me an address . Parking receipt , anything . Nothing . Nothing . Paranoia is a lonely business . Even if we find the lab they 'll just think we 're madmen . Foster , sometimes madmen turn out to be prophets . What 's this ? That 's a G.P.S. What 's a G.P.S. ? Global Positioning System . It 's going to tell us where this car has been . Move , move , move ! Come on ! What the hell is that ? It 's a modified nine mark . It 's got a digital cellular connection hooked up to my ... computer back home . It 's got more power than most small countries . Let 's see where this baby 's been . Will it give us an address ? Elementary , my dear Watson . That 's his gym . That 's his office . Presto ! 2113 Korman Drive . Yes , Eddie . Yes ! Okay , I 've got my camera , ready to go . Her name was Hannah . She 's beautiful . You ready ? Let 's do it ! I 'm just warning you , you 've gotta watch out . These people are ruthless , I 've watched them work . There 's nothing they won 't do . I don 't mind admitting that I 'm very , very frightened . I 'll go alone . Hurry , Foster . The system 's got a triple backup . I 'm not going to be able to shut it off completely . Then let 's go home . What I can do is give us a window . Put a breaker in the system for 20 seconds that should give me enough time to pick the lock . 20 seconds ? Come on , that 's not enough time Foster . Eddie , you 're distracting me . 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 ... 11 , 10 , 9 , 8 ... 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 ... So what are we looking for ? You need a lot of energy to clone a human being . Looking for a big room with a lot of noise . Hell of a lot better looking than Lee Harvey Oswald . Looks like Paranoid Times is about to increase its circulation , pal . I 've waited twenty years to find evidence like this . We 've got ourselves a room full of clones . We have to be careful . One of them has Joshua 's orb . Listen to that sound . Man , it 's freaky . Look , they all have one of those golf balls . Transferable conciousness . Why would they do this ? Think about it ... If you were an advanced team of aliens sent here to spy , how would you get here ? What if your planet was too far away to come here by ship ? If you wanted to look like us be us . What would you do ? Grow the bodies here . They infuse them with consciousness . Home grown aliens . Wonder where they 're from . How long have they been here ? And how many of these bodies have they sent into the world ? Hundreds ? Thousands ? I don 't know . But we 'll find out soon enough once we get the cops swarming all over this place . Let 's get out of here . Eddie ? Eddie ? Eddie ? Turn around . Look at the monitor . You have a connection to this man . I have a connection to what 's in your possession . Give me the orb and you 'll both go free . No deal . That 's my only leverage . This is 911 emergency operator . What 's your emergency please ? If you speak the operator you friend dies . Hello , is anyone there ? Get out of here Foster , get help ! Hang up the phone , Mr. Foster . Your address please . Is anyone there ? Tell them the address Foster . I cannot read your phone number from the line . Please pick up the receiver . Foster , call the cops ! It 's your only chance . Come here or I will kill him . I can 't send emergency assistance without the address . - Right now ! - Is anyone there ? Address , please . I will kill your friend . I want the orb . Please pick up the re ... Don 't do it Foster . Go ! No ! Disconnect the mainframe . Override the transfer programming . No ! Power down all systems.Hurry ! I had the computer scan some of these quatrains . Check it out . From leagues away shall they arrive and rain blind terror upon all men . An empty vessel for the soul , the retched beauty sleeps no more . Empty vessel ... I mean , we 're talking about the transfer . Nostradamus predicted this 400 years ago . That 's stretching it a bit , don 't you think ? This is the real deal , Foster . I think Nostradamus wrote this book to find these sons of the bitches . Look , there 's another prophecy I had scanned . Century 1 , Quatrain 1 . Nostradamus believes the destruction of Earth will come in three waves . Third wave : Armageddon . Second wave : Invasion from above . And the first wave is already here . And if we stop the First Wave we can prevent the others . Says it all right here . Does it say how ? Actually , there 's one more thing . The page that was marked , Century 3 , Quatrain 18 : On the seventh dawn - of the seventh day ... - Read it . How does one day have seven dawns , Eddie ? Actually , everyday has 24 dawns . One for each time zone . Nostradamus wrote these puppies in France . Exactly seven time zones ahead of Chicago What 's your drift ? Chicago 's your home town . He was talking about you . Nostradamus is full of crap . No , he 's not . You 're the twice-blessed man . Twice cursed is more like it . Hang onto that . I 'll call you . Thanks Eddie . On the seventh dawn of the seventh day , a twice-blessed man will roam the fields . Doomed to shadows with his brethren or savior to all who walk the ground . Journal entry number one : Gonna seek these bastards out . Whenever something weird is going on you 're gonna find Cade Foster . With the help of my friend , Eddie Nambulous , what I find will fill the pages of Paranoid Times . Maybe it will be a rode map for others , in the months and years ahead . Cause we got a long way to go if we 're gonna save this earth . We know they 're here ... They live in beautiful human shells . Maybe our race is too attracted to beauty to be able to spot the evil that lies within . On my bad days I wonder if the human race is even worth saving . But then I think of Hannah . We can beat them , believe in ourselves and each other . And we 'll kick their ashes all up and down the street . As my buddy Eddie says : " Sometimes madmen turn out to be prophets " Uploading Joshua 's memory essence to human husk . Joshua . I am here . Traducerea ºi adaptarea - FlorinA
