 Auntie Janet ? It 's time , Auntie Janet . He 's waiting . We should hurry . We have papers to sign . Just tell me when . Don 't you cry for me , dear . I 'm tired of the pain . You 're my angel of mercy . Is she gone ? Something 's wrong here . [ Screaming ] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [ Stereo : ; Violin ] [ Knock On Door ] [ Speaking Russian ] Vassily peskow ? [ Man ] prisoner . Hey . prisoner . I thought maybe you were dead . How long have I been lying here ? Hours . I don 't know . The first time is bad . Very bad . - They do this to you ? - Yes . It becomes easier each time , until it kills you . - What did they do to me ? - You have been exposed to the Black Cancer . - What cancer ? - The cancer that lives in the rock . Who are you ? I was a geologist . Quite well known in my field , actually , but now I am just a test subject . You helped them find the rock ? I was there when they brought up the first fragments . This was before the mining , before we knew what lived in Tunguska Rock . How many men have died here ? Hundreds . Maybe more . The search for a cure goes slowly . Is that what they say the tests are for , to find a cure ? No , no . They tell us nothing . We are left to guess or imagine the reasons for our torture . But what else could it be ? What happened to the man who was in the cell with me- - Krycek ? - I 'm not going to die . - No ? Why not ? I have to live long enough to kill that man Krycek . - Where did you get this ? - I made it ... to kill myself . It took men early two weeks . By then , I had lost the desire . You 'd rather suffer the torture ? It is wonderful , the persistence of life . That rock we found buried so deep in the earth , that anything could survive down there against all reason . No . They will have to kill me themselves . [ Scully ] We haven 't been able to give him anything but fluids forover48hours . Well , it doesn 't help that he 's in a restricted environment . Well , if he has been infected by some kind of organism , we can 't risk contamination . Are you seeing anything ? The blood in the carotid artery looks slightly thickened , possibly due to the decreased heart rate and blood pressure . Now what 's this ? What the hell is this ? What is it ? I don 't know . It looks like it 's concentrated around his pineal body . I-l think it 's alive . [ Scully ] It looks like a nest . Some kind of black vermiform organism attached to the pineal gland . - Apple ? - No . Thank you very much though . - [ Gasps ] - Oh , pardon me . - Who are you ? - As a boy , my father had a farm , but not horses like these . My name is Vassily Peskow . Mr. Peskow , I 'm sorry , but you don 't belong in here . I am sorry , very sorry . You are going to have to leave here . I 'm going to call you a cab . But I have come here to see you , Dr. Charne-Sayre . Do I know you ? No . I don 't know how you could . [ Horses Neighing ] Agent Scully . - Sir , what are you- - - I 've been trying to contact you for hours . The better part of the day . I 'm sorry , sir . My cell phone was turned off . You owe me some answers , Agent Scully , answers I don 't have to the questions I 'm being asked about this missing diplomatic pouch . The pouch presumably being carried by the man who was pushed off my balcony ... and whose connection to the felon I harbored in my house against all good sense , I 'm going to have to explain to avoid perjuring myself before a Senate subcommittee tomorrow , which , I might remind you , is a serious crime in itself , is it not , Agent Scully ? Yes , sir . Sir , if I might explain , the contents of that pouch , it contained some kind of a biohazardous organism ... that is luckily being contained in a contamination laboratory at NASA Goddard , which is where I 've been all day , trying to determine its exact nature . That pouch you intercepted , do you know what its intended destination was ? - No , sir , I don 't . - Well , I do , Agent Scully , because I bent some rules this morning when I couldn 't find you , - to find out who was to receive it . - Who was it ? Dr. Bonita Charne-Sayre . - Are you familiar with that name ? - Yes , sir , I am . She 's a well-known physician , a virologist who 's looked in on presidents . She 's also an authority on Variola viruses . - Variola ? - Smallpox . She 's been a vocal proponent ... of eliminating the last remaining stores of the smallpox virus , destroying the only remaining vials in facilities ... here in Atlanta and in the former Soviet Union . - Well , she was killed tonight . - Killed ? A horse stepped on her throat in a riding accident in Virginia . - [ Door Unlocking ] - [ Men Shouting ] - [ Footsteps Approaching ] - [ Man Speaking Russian ] - Where we going ? - [ Speaking Russian ] Prisoner , is that your friend ? You have but one chance . [ Man Speaking Russian ] [ Man Yelling ] [ Yelling ] That 's a nasty habit . It 's bad for the health . Health is the least of my concerns at the moment . Yes . According to reports , your ... personal physician suffered a serious riding accident here on your property . - Dr. Charne-Sayre was murdered . - By whom ? If I knew , do you think I 'd be standing here talking to you ? So ... you need me now . A man of my capabilities , is that it ? - This was a professional hit . - Really ? And you out here all alone and so vulnerable . Were you sleeping with her ? Surely you wouldn 't be so foolish as to put the project at risk ... for the sake of your personal pleasures . Find her killer . - Call off this congressional investigation . - I can 't . But Senator Sorenson is an honorable man . They are all honorable , these honorable men . I heard Mulder was captured in Tunguska . I hear now he 's escaped . Wake the Russian Bear , and it may find we 've stolen its honey . [ Horses Neighing ] [ Men Speaking Russian ] [ Groaning , Panting ] [ Running Footsteps ] [ Speaking Russian ] No . I 'm sorry . I , Dana Katherine Scully , swear to tell the truth , the whole truth ... - and nothing but the truth , so help me , God . - [ Gavel pounds ] I would like to read from a prepared statement . You may do so . " I left behind a career in medicine ... " to become an FBI agent four years ago ... " because I believed in this country , " because I wanted to uphold its laws , " to punish the guilty and to protect the innocent . " I still believe in this country , " but I believe that there are powerful men in this government who do not . " Men who have no respect for the law and who flout it with impunity . - Uh , Miss Scully- - - " I have come to the conclusion ... - Agent Scully- - - that it is no longer possible- - " This is not a soapbox , Ms. Scully . Your statement will be entered into the record . With all due respect , Mr. Chairman , I would like to finish . - This is not why we are here today . - Then why are we here , sir ? Do you or do you not know the whereabouts of Agent Mulder ? Are you or are you not aware of Agent Mulder 's present location ? I respectfully refuse to answer that question , sir , because- - Agent Scully , you cannot refuse to answer that question . Because I believe answering that question could endanger Agent Mulder 's life . You don 't seem to understand . Your response is not optional . You are an agent of the FBI . Then if I may please finish my statement . " That it is no longer possible for me to carry out my duties as an FBI agent . " Are you tendering your resignation , Agent Scully ? Is that what you 're trying to say ? No , sir . What I am saying ... is that there is a culture of lawlessness ... that has prevented me from doing my job , that the real target of this committee 's investigation ... should be the men who are beyond prosecution and punishment , the men whose secret policies are behind the crimes that you are investigating . You have a legal obligation to answer the questions posed to you . Now , either you tell us what you know about Agent Mulder 's whereabouts , or you 'll be held in contempt of Congress . [ Buzzing ] [ Speaking Russian ] [ Speaking Russian ] - No Russian . - American ? Tell your husband I 'm sorry about his truck . - The test ? - Yeah . - They kill everybody for the test . - Why don 't they kill you ? My husband makes deliveries . They spare our lives . But now , no truck . He is afraid . Well , I have to go now . - No . No . - They 'll come looking for me . They 'll come looking for you . - There are other ways . - I don 't know what you 're talking about . Grisha ! No arm . No test . You don 't understand these tests . This smallpox scar on your arm is some kind of identification . You have to help me escape . I 'll help you escape . You have to help me get to St. Petersburg . [ Heavy Footsteps ] [ Door Opens ] [ Man Speaking Russian ] [ Screaming ] You holding up ? I 've got plenty to read . I can understand you protecting Agent Mulder , but- - It is not just Agent Mulder that I am protecting , sir . - Then what are you doing ? - We were called before this committee ... to answer questions about a murder , about an intercepted diplomatic pouch , a pouch that was to be delivered to a prominent doctor , a woman who is now dead , as is the man who was delivering the said pouch , the contents of which have infected an exobiologist ... with a paralyzing toxin , yet what are we stuck on here ? The whereabouts of Agent Mulder . You mean it 's the wrong question . Several of the men on this committee are lawyers . It is my experience that lawyers ask the wrong question ... only when they don 't want the right answer . Unless Agent Mulder has already found the answers they 're looking for . Or someone wants to make sure that he doesn 't find them . These are congressmen we 're talking about , Agent Scully . I know that , sir , and it is my natural inclination to believe ... that they are acting in the best interest of the truth , but I am not inclined to follow my own judgment in this case . So you 're going to follow Agent Mulder 's , is that it ? His name is Vassily Peskow . He was a KGB line-X stringer working out of Moscow center . But how could this be ? How could the Russians know we were working on our own inoculation ? Six of us knew ! Dr. Charne-Sayre ? She was trusted . Absolutely . Then I don 't know . Find this man ! Find him ! If my intelligence sources are right , I think there 's someone who might save us the trouble . - Mr. Chairman , may I ? - Carry on . Miss Scully , you 've had a good long time to think about the question ... that was asked in our last session . I want to give you the opportunity to answer that question here today ... so I can help our good chairman here ... to get on with this proceeding . I can 't answer that question , sir . I 'm going to ask you again . Where is Special Agent Mulder and why is he not here ? I 'd be happy to answer your questions about the man carrying the diplomatic pouch . - Agent Scully ! - About his murder ... and my opinion about its connection to the death of Dr. Bonita Charne-Sayre . Miss Scully , you 'll get your chance with all of that- - - Or about the biotoxin within that pouch . - Answer the question ! [ Mulder ] What is the question ? [ Audience Murmuring ] [ Gavel Pounding ] All right , let 's come to order . Agent Scully , do continue . Yes , sir , if I may , I would like to finish making my point . What is your point , Miss Scully ? That the death of Dr. Charne-Sayre , given her field of expertise , strongly suggests that she knew something about the toxin , about its origins , and that knowledge maybe directly linked ... to the murder of the man in Assistant Director Skinner 's apartment building . Miss Scully ? Yes , sir . Um , Assistant Director Skinner has just informed me ... that there has been an accident directly related- - An accident ? A doctor infected with the toxin has died under suspicious circumstances ... involving a theft of evidence ... of the contents of the diplomatic pouch . Well , we 've gotten off to a real fine start here . I 'm going to recess now until this new matter can be explained ... so we might then begin moving in a forward direction . - Mulder . - I get to put my arms around you . - Both of them . - When did you get back here ? - It 's been a long , strange trip . - Some other time . I think there 's been enough strangeness here to sort through . Mulder , I 've made several connections about this toxin , about what it might be . - So have I . - Sir , I need your permission ... to book two airfares to Boca Raton , Florida . It shouldn 't take more than 1 2 , 1 5 hours . But in the event that it does , I need you to stall the committee tomorrow ... - for the purpose of- - - If you explain it to me , Agent Scully , I 'm going to have to explain it to them . I suggest you do everything in your power to make it back for tomorrow 's session ... or I can 't help you . - Boca Raton ? - Dr. Bonita Charne-Sayre ... is a board member and chief physician ... for a chain of elder-care convalescent hospitals around the country . Guess what one of her patients died of in Boca Raton ? - Yes , what is it ? - Agents Mulder and Scully . We need your permission to speak with you or any of your patients . - What about ? - May we come in , ma 'am ? Yes . When was the last time these patients were checked ? An hour ago , at bed check . - This man 's dead . - What ? Scully , these people are test subjects . I think they 've been poisoned . [ Scully ] Who gave these patients their meds tonight ? I did . Okay , I need you to call 91 1 . Tell them you 've got an emergency quarantine of a biohazardous material . I need you to show us all of the entrances of the hospital . We 've got to seal this building immediately . I still don 't understand what it is you hope to learn here . Everything that 's happened , every death we 've seen ... can be traced back to one man . But according to you , that man is in Russia or possibly even dead . Well , he isn 't working alone . Terry Edward Mayhew ? Can we talk with you ? Have a little off the record chat ? - About ? - Alex Krycek . - Who ? - The man who set you up . You and the members of your militia . Name wasn 't Krycek . It was Arntzen or something like that . You came into contact with him in North Dakota , salvaging material from a missile silo . I never been in no missile silo . I don 't know nothing about that . This man Krycek , or " Arntzen , " as you call him , how did he come into contact with you ? - Off the record . - He came to us ... with some building materials and some big ideas . - What was he looking to build ? - Two ... devices . Did he ever mention Black Cancer ? Oh , yeah . - What did he say ? - Developed by the Soviets . Saddam used it in the Gulf . You mean used as bio-warfare ? That 's why they made those servicemen take all them pills . U.S. government knew about the Black Cancer . They lied . Didn 't have no cure , no inoculation . I think we 'll quit right there . I got nothing more to say . - Let 's go , Mulder . - You said there were , uh , two devices . What happened to the other bomb ? - I ate it . - Mulder ! You want to know about anarchy ? You don 't tell me where that other bomb is , I 'll make sure you spend your prison time ... putting a big smile on some convict 's face . Son of a bitch stole it , truck and all . - Some storage garage . - Where ? Terma , North Dakota . Thank you . Scully , get on the phone and get the license numbers ... for any two-ton trucks stolen in North Dakota in the last six months . Then call Canadian border authorities ... and have them stop any vehicle fitting that description . - Tell them they 're looking for a bomb . - What are you doing ? This has been a big setup from the beginning , almost perfectly executed . Someone used Krycek , then Krycek used us . Someone who didn 't want that rock in American hands . But what 's in Canada ? Where would you put this rock if you didn 't want it to be found ? Back in the ground . Fertilizer . Fertilizer for my hothouse tomatoes . Beautiful tomatoes , all year , eh ? Thanks . Go back to the refinery . See if you can find anybody that knows anything about that truck . [ Alarm Beeping ] I would just as soon kill you , but please don 't make me . My work is done . [ Speaking Russian ] Mulder ! - [ Gavel pounds ] - I 'd like to get started here . - Miss Scully ? - Yes , I 'm ready here , sir . You have evidence to present . This is what I 've been told . Yes , sir . Uh- - Evidence linking a number of deaths , a great number , to a biotoxin that was transported to U.S. soil ... by a courier who was also killed . This was the man who was pushed from the Assistant Director 's apartment ? Yes . He has not been I.D. ' d . Do we have the name of the individual who pushed him ? Yes , sir . Alex Krycek , who is missing and possibly deceased . And are you then in possession of the pouch or its contents ? No , sir . What evidence are you then presenting us with today ? Documents and interviews ... in support of a wide-ranging conspiracy ... to control a lethal biotoxin ... that is , in fact , extraterrestrial . What are we talking about , little green men here ? - No , sir . Not at all . - Why is this so hard to believe ... when the accepted discovery of life off this planet ... is on the front page of every newspaper around the world ? When even the most conservative scientists and science journals ... are calling for the exploration of Mars and Jupiter ? With every reason to believe that life and the persistence of it ... is thriving outside our own terrestrial sphere ? If you cannot get past this , then I suggest that this whole committee beheld in contempt ... for ignoring evidence that cannot be refuted . This is not why we are here today . Then why are we here today ? I will suggest that we recess here until the evidence can be properly evaluated . Subrip by dreamer ( C )
