 Ladies and gentlemen , we are beginning our descent ... into Kennedy International Airport . We should be on the ground in 15 minutes . Any passengers needing help with customs forms or any other form - Monsieur ? Monsieur ? Come in . Thank you for getting here so quickly . There 's not much traffic at this hour . Agent Scully , this is Dr. Simon Bruin . He 's with the philadelphia office of the Centers for Disease Control . A pleasure , Dr. Scully . How familiar are you with the kidnappings in philadelphia ? Only what I 've read in the Herald , that four young men have gone missing over the past three months ; all of them African-American . A joint F.B.I. - Philadelphia P.D. task force has been working around the clock , but there have been no leads to speak of ... - until last night . - What happened last night ? Owen Sanders , the man most recently reported missing , was found dead ... - near a construction site . - How was he killed ? That 's just it , Agent Scully , he wasn 't . There was no evidence indicating homicide . Has a cause of death been determined ? No , but I 'll let Dr. Bruin give you his thoughts on that . This was taken less than an hour after Sanders ' body was found . I 'm sorry . I thought you said that Owen Sanders was black . - He was . - I 'm not sure I follow . See for yourself . Owen Sanders was a perfectly normal young blackman . I assume you 're going somewhere with this . The depigmentation we 're seeing may be characteristic of a disease ... an apparently fatal one . So you don 't think these men are victims of a crime at all . It 's my opinion , this investigation should begin and end under a microscope . Dr. Bruin 's hope was that someone ... with a solid medical background could make a quick and decisive analysis . Case number 2139318537 . Subject is a black male , 19 years old . Cause and time of death unknown . Note : Total lack of pigment in the skin , hair and eyes . The appearance of which suggests albinism , though the bleaching of the irises indicates ... a violent and unexplained cellular reaction ... to a vector or an environment - I heard you were down here slicing and dicing . Who 's the lucky stiff ? His name is Owen Sanders . He was reported as the fourth kidnap victim in Philadelphia ... until his body turned up last night looking like this . There 's a Michael Jackson joke in here somewhere , but I can 't quite find it . I have been requested to determine what leeched the pigment from his body . - Requested by whom ? - The Centers for Disease Control . - The C.D.C. in a kidnap case ? - They believe that the case ... has been mislabeled , that this man and the others ... may have fallen prey to a disease or a pathogen . Based on what other evidence ? There were no external signs of trauma or defense wounds ... and his wallet was still full of cash . That 's interesting . What , uh - What sort of disease is this ? I don 't know . There are conditions like vitiligo which attack melanocytes ... and prevent the manufacture of melanin in the skin ; autoimmune disorders , which are nor yet clearly understood . So this man died of a disorder ? He and four otheryoung black men who conveniently contracted the disease ... in succession and then disappeared without any explanation whatsoever . It 's very possible they have turned up , but because of the depigmentation , there may have been a problem with identification . So , I have reissued descriptions ofJ ohn Does to area morgues and E.R.s. Scully , has it occurred to you that this mightjust be a little P.R. exercise ? - I 'm sorry ? - To divert attention that black men ... are dying and nobody seems to be able to bring in a suspect ? The perception being that nobody cares . Not everything is a labyrinth of dark conspiracy , and not everybody is plotting to deceive , inveigle and obfuscate . Did you lift any forensic evidence from the body ? Yes , hair , skin and fiber behind you on the counter . What are you doing ? I 'm going to join the snipe hunt - if you don 't mind - before the body count rises . Mr. Aboah ? Anyone home ? - Samuel Aboah ? - Yes . I 'm Marcus Duff . Remember me ? Your immigration counselor . We have an appointment to go over your naturalization petition . Um , please - Thank you . We could use a little light in here to fill out the petition . Maybe you can open a window or something . Yeah ... I guess that works . Have a seat , Samuel . This is a little complicated . So - You okay ? You look ill . You got a fever or something ? No . I know how lonely it is , believe me , being in a strange place far from your family . But once you become a U.S. citizen , I can help you bring over every brother , sister , aunt , uncle and cousin . It all starts today , Samuel . Know what I 'm saying ? Thank you . Agent Pendrell , thanks for turning this analysis around on short notice . Shouldn 't we wait for Agent Scully , so I won 't have to repeat myself ? - She 's not coming . - Why not ? She had a date . Breathe , Agent Pendrell . It 's with a dead man . She 's doing an autopsy . - You said you found something ? - Yeah , asbestos fibers . Not much there . And I didn 't think there was anything ... among the vegetable debris - all local soils , pollens , etc . - till I came across this . I had to go online with a botanist at U. V.N. to determine what it was . It looks like some kind of thorn . It 's a seed , actually , but nothing you 'll find at your local nursery . Adenia Volkensii . - Help me out . - It 's a rare species of passion flower . It 's a rare , night-blooming plant indigenous to parts of West Africa . How could this travel 5,000 miles around the world and wide up on Owen Sanders ? That I couldn 't tell you . It contains a cerebropathic glycoside . - Does that mean anything to you ? - If I 'm correct , it 's a cortical depressant that works on the higher centers of the brain . - Is it lethal ? - In large quantities it might be . Larger than anything contained in a single seed . Did the toxicology screen detect any of it in Sanders ' blood ? No , the tox screen was clean . Could his body have metabolized the substance ? Only if the victim hadn 't expired immediately . - Does that tell you anything ? - No , but ... I found something that could explain the depigmentation in the victim . - His pituitary gland was necrotized . - His pituitary gland ? The pituitary gland secretes all of the regulatory hormones in the body ... and it controls the production of melanin in the skin cells . So , you found evidence that this is a disease ? No , I have identified the effect . I am still looking for the cause . Okay , let me know as soon as you find anything out . - Where are you , Mulder ? - Off to water the seeds of doubt . Bye . Go on in . Ms. Covarrubias ? - Who are you ? - Agent Mulder . Fox Mulder . - What are you doing ? - I 'm sorry I frightened you . What do you want ? I 'm not sure why , but I thought you might be in a position to help me . - Help you ? - Four men are missing in Philadelphia . One of the men was found dead last night . This seed was recovered from the victim 's body . It 's from a rare species of plant found only in West Africa . Do you know anything about this case ? No . Is there anyway you could find something out about it ? Thousands of exotic species cross into U.S. soil every day undetected . Bilge water is emptied into harbors . Produce sent through the mail . In practical terms , borders are little more than lines on maps . Is that a yes or a no ? - I can 't help you . - You can 't or you won 't ? You made an overture to me . You left an opening . Tell me I 'm wrong . Tell me there 's nothing here , and I 'll just walk away . Eitherway , I need to know . Hey , I got a schedule . You gettin ' on or not ? What 's your problem ? You on drugs or something ? Ah , the hell with you . You can walk for all I care . Damned drugs . He was sitting right here , staring up at me with these glossy eyes . - Pretty much out of it . - You mean he looked sick ? Yeah , now that you mention it . I mean , I asked him if he needed help , but he didn 't say squat . Don 't forget to put down I had a schedule to keep . Did you observe anybody else in the area ? Not that I saw . I already told the police pretty much everything I know . Excuse me . - What happened here ? - We have another missing young man . His name is Alfred Kittel . Seventeen years old . He 's African-American . His mother called the police around 3 : 00 this morning . - How does she know he 's missing ? - He works at a place down the street . He takes this bus every night , and last night he never made it home . They found his knapsack on the bench here . The police are out canvassing . I talked to a bus driver who said he seemed disoriented and non-responsive , which seems to me like it might be somekind of pre-symptomatic dementia . - Or a reaction to a cortical depressant . - What are you suggesting ? You find Alfred Kittel , and you find another one of those rare African seeds . What makes you so sure ? Three months ago , one week before the first person was reported missing , the New York Port Authoriry filed that with the F.A.A. Like Owen Sanders , this man wasn 't an albino either . Not until he was found dead on a flight from West Africa , from Burkina Faso . The embassy demanded the body returned before an autopsy could be performed . It says here that the cause of death was undetermined . Yeah , undetermined , Scully , but not necessarily unknown . " Aboah " ? What the hell kind of name is that ? - Mr. Aboah ? - Yes ? philadelphia p . D. We 're canvassing the building in regard to a missing person 's case . This is the young man we 're looking for . Have you seen him ? No . Well , if you hear from anyone who has , or come across any information at all , you can reach us at this number . That 's a hotline . You can call 24 hours a day . - Thank you . - Thank you . - I am really quite busy . - We won 't take up much of your time . The I.N.S. District Chieftold us you were in charge of the casework ... for aliens emigrating from Africa and the Caribbean . I assist people from that part of the world where I came from 15 years ago . We 're looking for somebody that came a little more recently than that ... on a flight from Burkina Faso . This is the passenger manifest from the charter company . And ... you want me to do what exactly ? I 'd like you to cross-reference the names on that list ... with anyone applying for permanent resident status or a work visa ... within the last three months . I am a social worker , not a police officer . My business is not chasing down illegals . Sir , we 're not here to arrest anybody . But you are F.B.I. agents , are you not ? Yes , investigating a possible public health crisis . What kind of crisis ? He 's not at home . We might as well get comfortable . It has to be here , Mulder . There has to be evidence of a virus or bacterium . I think if you looked up from the microscope for a minute , you 'd see that what 's really missing is a motive . The motive of any pathogen is to reproduce itself . And my job as a doctor is to find out if and how it is being transmitted . - If this is a health crisis . - Death is a health crisis . Something caused Owen Sanders' pituitary to fail , which in turn caused his metabolism to drop resulting in myxedema coma ... and , finally , in death . Sometimes you have to start at the end to find the beginning . I hope we don 't have to find another dead body to discover what that is . Maybe we won 't have to wait . Mr. Aboah ? Can I talk to you a minute ? You trying to kill yourself ? . - Boy , this guy can move . - He 's not here . He has to be . Mulder , I think I know where he went . Come on , Mulder . Let 's go . We 've lost him . Hey , Scully , look at this . Oh , my god . From all outward signs , this man appears asymptomatic . I appreciate the connection you 've tried to make , but I 'm afraid it 's a dead end . With your permission , sir , I 'd like to examine him some more . I 'd like to run a suppression test , to do a T.S.H. screen , take a history . It would help if we could talk to him . - I 'm working on that . - All right . - Nothing ? - Nor yet . But that doesn 't mean he isn 't a carrier or even the index case . He 's some kind of case the way he disappeared down that drain pipe . Why has Samuel Aboah been arrested ? You said his health was in danger . Why have I been lied to ? Nobody has lied to you , sir . Then , please , release him immediately . We would like to do some more tests on him . We have to be certain his health hasn 't been endangered and others . - Then why have you called me ? - As a translator . We 'd like to be able to ask him some questions . - About what ? - About Alfred Kittel ... and about several other young men who have gone missing ... since his arrival in Philadelphia three months ago . Th-Then this is about a criminal charge . There are no charges against Mr. Aboah . We arrested him when we tried to question him . I want to know why he ran . Sir , if you had ever been beaten by the police ... or had your home burned to the ground for no other reason than being born , then , maybe , you would understand why he ran ... and why you would run too . That man ran because he 's hiding something . And no amount of tests you run on him , no science is gonna find that . - Where are you going ? - To find someone who I know ... plotted to deceive , inveigle and obfuscate . Minister , this is Agent Mulder with the F.B.I. Thank you for seeing me at such a late hour , sir . I did not have much ofa choice in this matter . Someone from the United Nations spoke to the ambassador directly . What 's so important that it can 't wait ? With all due respect , sir , I think you already know . Do I ? Something happened on a flight from your country three months ago , something that you felt compelled to hide , even from your own ambassador . The State Department said ... the request to stop investigating this man 's death came from you . Now , I understand the need to protect your diplomatic position , but more men are dying , sir . Even if I tell you what I know ... you would never believe it . You 'd be surprised at what I believe , sir . I had hoped , if I closed my eyes , it would go away this time . " This time " ? My people ... the Bambara , are farmers . I grew up hearing the old stories , believing them as only a child can believe . What kinds of stories ? The Teliko . Spirits ... of the air . It was said they rested by day ... in closed , dark places ... deep inside tree hollows ... and in holes beneath the ground ... too small even for a child to hide himself . Mr. Aboah ? Only when the sun fell , when the rest of the world was sleeping , would they come out . Come out to do what , sir ? I was seven years old . Lying awake one night , I saw him . He was standing over me . His hair was like straw ; his eyes like water , staring down at me . I closed my eyes and screamed ... and felt my self being swept up into the air . But when I opened my eyes , I saw my father holding me . Then it was a nightmare . That 's what my father said , and I believed him ... until the next day ... when they found my cousin ... dead among his cattle ... looking exactly like this man . Which is why ... when this photograph came across my desk three months ago , I knew the Teliko was more than just a children 's story . I knew it was real . I knew he was here . This patient appears to have something in his throat , somekind of a berrant bone growth ... or maybe something foreign lodged in his esophagus . Hmm . Could be a lot of things . You 'd be amazed what I 've seen removed from throats in emergency rooms . That 's only part of it . I discovered something more disturbing when his P.E.T. series came back . Look right here on the sagittal section , right below the hypothalamus . - There must be some mistake . - There 's no mistake . This patient has no pituitary gland . But that 's not possible . I can 't even begin to explain what we 're seeing here , sir . I just hope this patient can-can provide us with some of the answers . You 'll have to find him first . - What are you talking about ? - I was looking for you in quarantine . Samuel Aboah is gone , disappeared . Samuel ? You scared me . They let you out of the hospital ? Yes . Everything is fine ? Samuel ... did you want to see me about something ? Well , come on . Let me give you a ride home . We can talk about it on the way . Lucky for you I was working late . Yes . Lucky . Come , let 's go . When did this happen ? Thank you , Lieutenant . I appreciate it . Mulder - I think this was his get away vehicle . He didn 't even touch his Jell-O . Let 's go . That was the Philadelphia P.D. Marcus Duff 's car turned up abandoned ... with the keys in the ignition and the hood still hot . 6834 , requesting ambulance in alley behind 1163 West Cherry . Victim : African-American male age 35 - Do you know what happened to him ? I won 't even try to guess what happened to him , but he 's alive . What about Aboah ? Any indication of where he might be ? We 're still sweeping the area . I 'll keep you posted . He 's got to be around here somewhere . He can 't have gotten far . This guy can squeeze into a coffee can , Scully . He could be anywhere . - They 'll find him . - He 'll find another victim . - How do you know ? - We interrupted before he could finish . - Interrupted his killing Duff ? - The killing is incidental , Scully , to a far more basic need . - What need ? - If Aboah has no pituitary , then his bodywould lack the ability to produce melanin itself , right ? - Theoretically , yes . - When you examined him , you didn 't observe one single albino trait or characteristic . Considering his P.E.T. scan results , I don 't even know how he managed to stay alive . That 's what I 'm talking about : survival ; and not just Aboah 's . I think the anomaly you observed is not just physiological . - I think it may be evolutionary . - What are you talking about ? A lost tribe , a clan of sub-Saharan albinos ... linked by their common congenital deficit ... who 've adapted over generations by - By stealing other people 's hormones ? Somehow , Aboah has managed to survive . However he 's managed to survive , what - what makes you think he 's not an isolated case ? Because of something somebody told me last night . An African folk tale . So , you 're basing this theory on a folk tale ? It 's just another way of describing the same truth , right ? All new truths begin as heresies and end as superstitions . We fear the unknown . We reduce it to the terms most familiar to us , whether that 's a folk tale or a disease ... or a conspiracy . Even if you 're right - especially if you 're right - why would he leave his own country to come here ? Free cable . I don 't know . The same reasons anybody comes to this country : liberty , the freedom to pursue your own interests . Look at that . - What are you doing ? - It 's a demolition site . Why are we here , Mulder ? Pendrell found asbestos fibers on Owen Sanders ' body . You remove asbestos from an old building before you tear it down . It would have to come from somewhere . Ow . Scully ? Scully ! Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder . Mulder , are you okay ? It 's okay , Mulder . I 'm here . Okay ? I 'm sorry , Mulder . 911 Operator . This is Agent Dana Scully with the F.B.I. requesting immediate E.M.S ... and police assistance . - I 'm in Liberry Plaza . - May I have your badge number ? My badge number ? JTTO331613 . No . Liberry Plaza . There 's a demolition site on the north side of the street . Special Agent Dana Scully , Field Journal Entry number 74 . Despite acute trauma to his pituitary gland , Marcus Duff was discharged early this morning ... from Mt . Zion Medical Center . He is expected to testify before a grand jury ... in the capital case against Samuel Aboah ... who is being charged with five counts of murder . It remains uncertain , however , whether Aboah will live long enough to stand trial . His response to hormone therapy has been poor , his deterioration progressive . My conviction remains intact ... that the mechanism by which Aboah killed , and , in turn , survived , can only be explained by medical science , and that science will eventually discover his place ... in the broader context of evolution . But what science may never be able to explain ... is our ineffable fear of the alien among us , ; a fear which often drives us not to search for understanding , but to deceive , inveigle and obfuscate , ; to obscure the truth not only from others ... but from ourselves .
