 02 Beast Wars - part 2 Face me , Optimus ! I , Dinobot , challenge you for leadership of the Maximals You and I , one-on-one The winner shall be leader , and , for the looser ... well it is a long way down - I don 't want to fight you ! - You do not have a choice ! Your command center is back there ... And no-one crosses this bridge , until you face me Don 't WE get a say in this ? Let chopper face and boss monkey duke it . No fur offa my tail No way ! Hey , scale-belly ! How ' bout you try a piece of a bad kitty , hah ! ? Cool your circuits , Cheetor ! I wouldn 't send anyone do to anything I wasn 't willing to do myself Oh , yeah , right . NOW he says that ! Oh , this is foolish , Dinobot ! We 're Maximals , you are a Predacon Oh , the more reason I should lead , then . Look , I don 't know what happened between you and Megatron ... Megatron ! Megatron will fall as soon as I have your Maximals at my command You are welcome to join us , but you shall not lead ! I beg to differ . For , in anticipation of my new role as leader I have already reprogrammed my activation code . Dinobot , MAXIMIZE ! Optimus Primal , MAXIMIZE ! I 'm going in there ! Cheetor , MAX ... Clamp it , kitty ! Nailing the Chopper from behind won 't settle anything Yeah . Like it or not , we gotta let ' em finish I still live ... Finish it That 's not how we Maximals do things Then that will have to change What are you doing ? You 'd won ! You slipped . To defeat you in such a manner would be lacking in honor . I would not have earned the right to lead . I prefer to beat my opponents the old-fashioned way ... BRUTALLY ! " For a Predacon , Dinobot , you have qualities I could like ! And you have proved to be a worthy adversary . I will have you recycled with full honors . Well , that 's just prime ! Well , this is interesting sight , yess ... Optimus and the traitor Dinobot engaged in battle Who do you think ' s gonna win ? Oh , Waspinator bet on Optimus Not the winner is what interest me Nor me , noo ... How much more preferable would be if they both lost , yess ... Megatron , TERRORIZE ! Terrosaor , TERRORIZE ! Tarantulas , TERRORIZE ! Waspinator , TERRORIZE ! Scorponok , TERRORIZE ! YOW ! Shift your scanners due east there , pals ! This party has got big time crashes ! Fire ! Optimus ! Beast mode ! Optimus ! If you guys aren 't doing anything ... A little speed would be prime ! Makes them fall , yes ! Let 's go ! Cheetor , MAXIMIZE ! Rhinox , MAXIMIZE ! Hey - YOU go an ' get yourself scrapped . 'Cuz I ain 't - - huuah ! Alright . Alright ! The energon builds ! I am shorting out Hang on ! you can 't transform in this position ! Release me , let me fall , and save yourself Now , where is the honor in that ? You have no choice Then we both go ! Going up This is our opportunity ! Yes ! All weapons ! You 're welcome . You 're the leader ; it 's yer , ahh ... job ! Incompetents ! You let them escape ! Megatron , look up there ! The missiles ! Energon ! Yes ! Raw , natural energon crystal ! I knew it was here ! Quick ! Return to beast mode Raw energon ! In it 's natural form it 's highly unstable We 're lucky those missiles didn 't couse it to explode If you can call it lucky Megatron is on the move ! Bearings 6-1-7-5 He 's after the energon A crystal that size ... would make him unstoppable Oh , thank a lot for the hot tip , scale-belly Rhinox , scrap this guy Hold on , Rhinox . Will he sent flyers ? Oh , for booting up cold ! You 're not gonna believe a Predacon , are ya ? That 's my call Will he ? Negative . The crystal is to big for flyers to carry only Tarantulas has the skills to segment it Then we have to get there first . All five of us . Yeah , all five of us ... You mean Chopperface - is going with we 're all gonna die . Hey , wait for me ! So much energon ! With the crystal that size the Predacon forces would be unstoppable ! Yess ... For Maximals , and then for galaxy , would be ours to conquer ! - How are you feeling ? - Improved I believe my internal repairs have been completed I was wondering ... Your flying robot form could make it to the crystal before any of us No , we have to stay together The Predacons can attack at any moment and there may be other surprises on this planet There are ... Down there , look hmm ... unusual Any opinions ? Just one ... It isn 't natural We didn 't build it , and neither did the Predacons Heads up ! Waspinator , TERRORIZE ! Terrorsaur , TERRORIZE ! - Defensive positions ! - Yea , and what about him ? - He 's with us - I ain 't buying that just because YOU say so ! Hold your fire ! We could start an avalanche ! You crossed your wires ? They 're coming back ! I 'll handle this ! Now , while there are weak ! I knew it , you traitor ! You tried to scrap my pal ! Once a Pred , always a Pred Ease off , Rattrap ! It was an accident Says you ! That 's right , says me . You wanna question my orders ONE MORE TIME ? I ... I don 't trust Predacons We 've got enough trouble with Megatron 's crew without fighting amongst ourselves Now come on ! So much energon ! Yess ! I can almost taste it 's power ! The energon field would destroy us if robots in less than a minute ! We will have to stay in beast form and Optimus and Maximals are coming ! They must stay in beast forms as well And I will handle Optimus personally Across the galaxy it has come to this , Optimus Primal Face to face , tooth to claw , yess ... Have you anything to say ? I 'd say that 's prime Lets do it ! Admit defeat , Maximal The energon shall be ours ! Not if I can help it ! Surrender , Megatron ! You 're trapped ! No ! You shall not defeat me ! - It is over , Megatron ! - It is never over ! No ! For if I must die , I shall take you with me ! It 's gonna blow ! Time to fade , heroes ! Thanks My actions do not imply loyalty , Optimus . I owed you my life . Now we are merely ... even I 'll accept that Yeah , well ... at least Megatron 's gone and so is the energon So it 's over ! Can we go home now ? No Rattrap . For now we 're stranded here , with the Predacons , on this unknown planet Magatron may be back , and there 's still more energon If they ever get enough , they could conquer the galaxy So for now , let the battle be here on this strange , primitive world And let it be called BEAST WARS !
