 - Where is the girl ? - Soon , she 'll be facing ze firing squad . - Good . And the erstwhile protector ? - Festering in ze cargo hold . Excellent . Ah , Ace Rimmer . Might one enquire how you escaped your bonds ? Just dislocated both shoulders and slipped between the ropes . It 'll take major orthopaedic surgery to put them back , but , rest assured , that won 't stop me from rescuing the Princess Bonjella . You 're insane , Rimmer . You 're outmanned and outgunned . - You expect me to concede ? - No , Mr Rimmer , I expect you to die ! Take him into ze hold , explain all our plans to him , then ... throw him out of the plane . Out ! ( ROARS ) Mr Rimmer , sorry I can 't stick around for a chat , but I 've got to blow . Do me a favour and feed Snappy ? What I would give for a gun or a bottle of Listerine ! Goodbye , Ace Rimmer ! You were a most worthy adversary ! ( STIRRING HEROIC MUSIC ) ( GROWLS ) Aaah ! Aaah ! See you later , alligator ! ( SHOUTS ORDER IN GERMAN ) Achtung ! Zielen ! - ( GUNSHOTS ) - F ... Argh ! This is my best top , damn it ! ( SHOUTS IN GERMAN ) ( SHOUTS IN GERMAN ) ( ENGINE STARTS ) Princess Bonjella , Ace Rimmer . There 'll be time for explanations later ... and hopefully some sex . What a guy ! - Hold on , Princess ! - Oh , please , Ace , call me Beryl . ( WHOOSH ) Bet he 's a sour Kraut . ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) I cannot believe you 're going to do this . I 'm a man , Kryten , with a man 's urges and desires . Well , what about an ice-cold shower , sir ? I 've used up this year 's water supply with ice-cold showers , Kryten . I was looking at the log this morning - 112 gallons ! If I carry on , my libido 's gonna cause a drought . - You think this is the answer ? - I know how it looks . Going into an AR simulation with a book of cheats and seducing the queen of Camelot ? Words fail me . It 's the most unchivalrous thing I 've ever heard . - Are you my faithful manservant or what ? - I 'm ashamed , sir ! I haven 't been this embarrassed since I was loosening my screws , and my entire groinal box dropped into Mr Rimmer 's soup . ( FANFARE ) Is there any man in our great land that dare challenge the king 's best knight ? ( CHEERING ) - I do , sir ! - And you are , sir ? Lister of Smeg . Good knight , do you accept this challenge from ... Lister of Smeg ? - I do , my king . - What do you claim if victory be yours ? I claim nothing , sire . Serving the king is reward enough . ( CHEERING ) And you ... Lister of Smeg , what prize do you claim if you should defeat my best knight ? I claim , my lord , a night and a day in the bed of your good lady . ( BOOING ) A night and a day in the bed of my good lady ? ( FRENCH ACCENT ) We accept ze challenge . Do we ? We do . My lady , I think we should discuss this matter in private . Do you not have faith in your good knight to cut this dog down ? I do ... sort of . Then we accept . Good knight , bring me this knave 's manhood on a silver platter ... Hey , steady ! Then disembowel him and feed his innards to the crows ! ( CHEERING ) This is worse than playing away at Leeds . ( FANFARE ) When my lace ' ankerchief flutters onto ze ground , ze challenge shall commence ! I just luuurve that accent . Rrrrarrr ! If I were you , Mr Galahad , I 'd concentrate on memorising your cheats book . ( CHEERING ) Cheat one - codeword " steedcheat " . Ha ! Heh-heh-heh ! I claim my prize , my lord . ( JEERING AND BOOING ) You are the scurviest knave in Christendom ! And I swear to you , your scheme to seduce my fair lady will not succeed ! Cheat two - codeword " chastitycheat " . ( CLUNK ) Scum . Absolute scum ! If he that calls himself Lister of Smeg has any honour in his soul , that tent will part this instant , and he will return to me my lady and beg the king 's forgiveness ! - Has anybody got any whipped cream ? - Whipped cream ? - Ace , we need to find a dimension close by . - Understood , Computer . Prepare to jump . - Hey ! What 's happening ? - Power failure , sir ! Electrics are going down . ( ALARM SOUNDS ) The red , green and blue alert signs are all flashing ! What does that mean ? Either we 're under attack , sir , or we 're having a disco . ( ALARM BUZZES ) I 'm locked out ! Everything 's dead ! Steering 's down , thrusters are down and we 're heading for that ion storm in sector 12 ! - Morning ! - What the smeee is going on ? - A power drain 's knocked out the generators ! - Cause ? An object of such awesome power and charisma , it 's flattened all the grids ! I thought it was me , but it 's a craft dimension jumping . - Any ident details ? - The last time we came across this , it was Captain Smug Git himself Ace Rimmer . Dear God , don 't make it be him . This is the JMC transport ship Starbug opening channels . Identify yourselves . Well , I said I 'd be back for breakfast . How are those kippers doing ? Ace , buddy ! How are you doing ? All the better for seeing you , Cat . Is that a new suit ? It 's sharper than a page of Oscar Wilde witticisms rolled into a point , sprinkled with lemon and jabbed into an eye . Wow , that 's sharp ! Thanks , buddy ! According to the log , we 're down to our last 3,000 vomit bags . It 'll never be enough . - Ace , how you doing ? - Never better . Sorry to DJ so close . Ship 's computer made a calculation error . Got a bit of a crush on me . - What have you been up to , sir ? - Nothing special . Saved a few universes , turned down heaps of marriage proposals and had my highlights done . What a guy ! Off ! So , what 's new with you chaps ? Arnie ? I 've been pretty damn busy myself , actually . Let me see - I 've begun researching the definitive history of pockets and I 've alphabetised our entire stock of alphabet soup , grouping each individual letter together with its fellows . I 'll take you to the guest quarters , bud . You can tell me the name of your stylist ! Thanks , Cat , but you should be at the helm . Incidentally , it 's Astro Cuts in the Theta Sector , Dimension 24 . Ask for Alphonse . - Arnie , up for a stroll ? - Thanks for the offer , but I 'd rather dangle my genitalia in a pool of piranhas . I 'll take that as a no , then . - Go with him . - I don 't want to . - But he wants you to . - I want him to choke on his own gittyness . We don 't always get what we want . He obviously feels some sort of bond . The only bonding I want to do with him involves superglue and a rabid hamster . Oh , all right . I 'm going . God ! OK , your sleeping quarters are about 50 yards down there on the right . Bye ! ( GROANS ) I think ... I may need some help here , Arn . I knew it ! You act the big shot when they 're around , but when no one 's watching , you 're as butch as an ice-skater . What 's the problem ? Travel sickness ? The strap on your padded codpiece too tight ? Sorry to sound so damn melodramatic but ... I 'm afraid I 'm ... on the way out . - What ? - Heading for the great airfield in the sky , losing all my breathing privileges . - You 're dying ? - You 've got it , Arn . Your brain moves quicker than a nun 's first curry . You 're really dying ? Arnie ... I want you to become the next Ace Rimmer . ( LAUGHS ) - I mean it , Arn ! - Are fevered rantings a symptom ? The universe needs a chap to look up to , someone to right wrongs , and just generally be brave , handsome and magnificent . - And you think I 'm your man ? - It 's your destiny , Arnie . What ? To wind up looking like a reject from a Gay Pride disco ? You 're just afraid that you 're not good enough . - You 've always wanted to play the hero . - I 'm not you . We established that in your last visit . I 'm not the Ace you met last time . He caught the business end of a neutron tank in Dimension 165 . - I 'm a hard-light hologram just like you . - Ace is dead ? I took over from him , and you must take over from me . My God ! What is that stuff ? Light bee 's been hit pretty bad . It 's a power leakage . Electro-magnetic radiation . I haven 't got long . About the time I usually spend making love - 12 hours , maybe less . After that , I 'll be too weak to train you . What do you say ? It 's part of the legend . I 'm not the first Ace , not even the second . There have been ... well , more than a couple . As one Ace dies , he recruits his replacement from a parallel dimension . We all start off as caterpillars and turn into butterflies . We 're talking about a man who cowers under tables with a colander on his head . - You can 't judge a book by its cover . - You can 't confuse Rimmer with a book . A book 's got a spine . Let me train him , that 's all I ask . Persuade him . ( SNIGGERS ) - What is it ? What 's the joke ? - Nothing , nothing . ( LAUGHS ) Well , clearly , it 's not nothing . Clearly , you 've just heard something terribly amusing , clearly . It 's just that Ace told me about trying to get you to be the next Ace Rimmer . Yes , sadly , I 'm sorting out my shoes or I 'd have jumped at it . It 's just you , y 'know ? The next Ace . The very idea ! ( LAUGHS ) It 's not so ridiculous , Lister ! Other versions of me have turned into him . If I wasn 't needed here so badly , I 'd take him up on it . Rimmer , how could you be the next Ace ? I mean , you 're a gutless , spineless , gormless , directionless , neurotic , underachieving , snivelling , cowardly pile of smeg . No offence ... But get real , man . Most eunuchs have got more balls than you . Well , that , my fine , madras-guzzling friend , is where you are wrong , because I 've taken Ace up on his offer , and training begins ... right now . Er , why have you brought me here ? Look around , Arnie . The plateau , the summit . This is where you must be to become Ace Rimmer . No , this where you must be to become Maria Von Trapp . Just concentrate . Feel the wind on your face . Be the wind , Arnie . Unleash the wild power you know lurks inside you . Be the cougar running free and unfettered through the mountains . - Be the what ? - Come on , man . You can do it . Concentrate ! See the cougar , Arnie ? It 's you . Can you see it ? Er ... sort of . Oh , I 'll never be Ace . We tried . We failed . I give up ! All your life you 've given up . Well , maybe after more training ! I can 't keep up the dog and pony show any longer . It 's now or never . - What 's that ? - Light bee remote . If you can fool your crewmates into thinking you 're me we 'll know you 're ready . - But I 'm not ready ! - Try it the other way round . ( SUAVE VOICE ) The name 's Rimmer ... This is ridiculous ! Ah , Mr Ace , sir . Everything OK ? What ? Er , yes , Kryten ... Krytie . ( SUAVE VOICE ) Yeah , everything 's fine . - Are you sure , sir ? You sound different . - Er ... could you be more specific ? 67 % more weasely . Errrrrrr ... Ah , sore throat . Uh , sore throat . Bug going around , a holographic virus . But it affects humans too . Arnie 's got it . I 've quarantined him for 24 hours . I was wondering , sir , we ran out of Bacofoil about six months ago . I don 't suppose you have a spare jacket I might roast a chicken in ? Listen , you stupid , jumped-up little son-of-a ... Ohhh ! Sorry , old friend . Afraid not . Catch you later . Good day , my lord . I come in search of the knave called Lister of Smeg . Wait a minute , old friend . Let 's stay calm . - Are you one of his household ? - Er ... in a manner of speaking . Then prepare to die ! Ha ! Yah ! Let 's talk about this over tea and muffins . OK , how about some scones and clotted cream ? Dundee cake ? Battenburg ? My God ! I did it ! ( KNIGHT 'S VOICE ) So far ... ( OWN VOICE ) ... so good . That 's the most heroic thing I 've done since setting fire to Stinky Bateman 's turn-ups ! Well done , Arnie . You 've done us proud . ( GASPS ) Smoke me a kipper , I 'll be back for ... ( SCREECH OF FEEDBACK ) What 's happening , bro ? What 's happened to goalpost head ? No , you don 't understand . It 's not me , it 's him . Sir , you 're in shock . You sound like Mr Rimmer . What happened ? Ah . One of them knights has escaped from the AR machine . It 's killed Rimmer . Isn 't that right , Ace ? We should give Rimmer a decent send-off , you know . - It 's the least he deserves . - I just can 't believe it . Neither can I. I was only insulting him this morning . I haven 't felt this wretched since Spare Head 3 told me they 'd held a poll and voted me the big-eared ugly one . Hey . - Decided what you 're gonna do ? - I thought I 'd stick around for a bit , ( AS ACE ) Get the hang of the character , as it were . - What 's that ? - Ace asked me to fit it . Said it would take his coffin to its final resting place , alongside the other Aces . He 's left some more beacons behind for the Aces that follow you . I 'm getting cold feet , Listy . I 'm not sure I can go through with it , be Ace . You heard what he said . It 's your destiny . It 's my destiny to be a smug , self-satisfied git ? OK , he was a bit full of himself , but you can be different . It 's up to you . He said if you got cold feet we should follow the coffin . You might change your mind . We are gathered here today to say our final farewells to Mr Rimmer . On occasion , he was a small-minded , bureaucratic , incompetent , cowardly little ... person , but he also had his good qualities . Those WERE his good qualities ! To say something about the finer side of his nature , I 'd like to turn to Mr Lister . Alexander the Great 's chief eunuch has finally joined his master . The man who kept his underpants on coat-hangers and sewed name labels into his ship-issue condoms has passed on . Life will never be the same . We have lost the finest , most dedicated vending machine repairman the Space Corps - no , the universe - has ever known . No one ever pressed for a Coke and got oxtail soup and orange juice on his shift . Well , actually , we all did , but what the smeg - this is his eulogy . He didn 't have many friends , but those that he did have were with him at the end . Even Rachel , who I suppose in many ways is his widow . - See you , smeg-head . - Later , bud . Goodbye , Mr Smeeee-Heeee . Bye ... Ironballs . Finally , this ... When Rimmer originally died aboard Red Dwarf , Holly brought him back as a hologram to keep me sane - never an easy task . He succeeded spectacularly , and for this accomplishment , we award him this . Kryten , place First Officer Rimmer 's decoration into the coffin . Right away , sir . Gentlemen ... First Officer Rimmer . First Officer Rimmer . ( BLEEPING ) All those Rimmers ... They all did it . They all became Ace and passed on the flame . Are you really gonna break the chain ? It 's been a blast , fellas . - Bye , man . - Bye , dude . Au revoir , Mr Ace , sir . Stoke me a clipper , I 'll be back for Christmas ... Whatever . Just had to say one last goodbye ! - See you , Davey boy . - Yeah , good luck , man . ( STIRRING HEROIC MUSIC )
