 Previous scene on The Pretender Who the hell are you ? I 'm your brother . Jarod , go and find our parents . Kyle .. You and The FBI killed my brother . What 've I ever done to you ? You exist . Someone tried to kill Raines , But the bullet distracked on the oxygen tank . They can 't tell which gun it 's fired from . No , No , Noooooooooooooo ! Well , my father didn 't just vanish I am not his secretary You 're supposed to know where he is . I hate attitude . Problem at The Centre ? Well , my father 's been at his desk in The Tower at 7 am for the last thirty-five years . Two weeks in a row he 's been a no show . That 's weird . There 's a great deal of peculiar activity in The Tower of late and now it 's trickling down to us . Tell me about it . They 've even jacked up the prices in all of the vending machines . A bag of Funyans sets me back a buck now . Well it 's true . Let 's face it . The place has been different ever since Go ahead Broots , say it . Ever since Raines was shot . Well don 't look at me . I 'm no marksman . Hey , I didn 't even want to take a gun , remember ? Well , if I 'd shot sterno head he would be snoring through dirt now instead of filling bed-pans in The Centre 's burn unit . Excuse me . I have met thousands of men from all walks of life who 've sought retreat here but I 've never met anyone like Brother Jarod . He spent all of his time in his cell . Barely ate . Never slept . But given the severity of his nightmares I suppose it is understandable . He had such sadness in his soul . Not exactly Home and Garden . Dia De Los Muertos . The Day of the Dead . A Mexican Festival similar to your Halloween in which cemeteries are prepared to welcome back the departed . These morbid images may explain Jarod 's long silence . Indication of some sort of preoccupation with death ? Speaking of death . Look at this . A hand carved coffin . Jarod made it himself . It was always with him . The same type of notebook that his brother Kyle used . Jarod 's grieving . Searching for closure in the loss of his brother . Then , ah , who 's this coffin for ? What 's it mean , Freud ? Someone 's going to die . There are pretends among us . Genuises with the ability to become anyone they want to be . In 1963 , a corporation known as the Centre isolated a young Pretender named Jarod , and exploited his genius for their research . Then one day , the pretender ran away ... THE PRETENDER Season 2 Episode 1 Back From The Dead Again Who wants to touch ? You 're sick ! Ah don 't be spooked Chloe . We 're going to be dissecting them all year . Joel , you shouldn 't touch the cadaver until the prof get 's here . Fernando , I have been waiting all year to get into this class . Besides I don 't think this one 's gonna mind . Think again . Who the hell are you ? Jarod Howard , your new professor . Oh that 's oh that 's not funny , man . And mocking the dead is ? I want each of you to understand that there 's only one unforgivable sin in my class . I will not under any circumstances tolerate any disrespect for these cadavers . Underneath each of these plastic sheets lies a human being . Many of these bodies they come to us unknown and unclaimed which means that they died alone and afraid . No friends . No homes . Forgotten by their families and thrown away by society . Therefore they will not be disrespected in this classroom . Take those words to heart . Halloween 's coming up and if I hear of a student taking a head or an arm to a party I will personally expel them from the program . Dr Fein . Will there be enough cadavers for each group this term ? Who 's being sick now ? Well if there aren 't enough , there are several pre-dissected bodies from last semester that will be available . I plan on being a surgeon . I need to get a feel for what I 'm going to do . I can 't learn if it 's just pick and point . As a matter of fact there are more cadavers being delivered after class . So I will need a couple of volunteers ? I believe that these two will be just fine . Finally . Thank God you 're back Daddy . Good news ! We found Jarod 's last lair . Yeck ! I 'll have it analysed . But only God knows what he 's up to this time . Who the hell are you ? Nein . Nein . Warum bist zu . Ich grosse die vohne der griese . Wiedersehen . You must be Miss Parker . You look just like your mother . Where 's my father ? He 's away as I understand it . - Mr Lyle , your 10 : 30 is here . - Send her in . And , what , Mr Lyle , are you doing in my father 's office ? Oh , I 'm just filling in . Bridget . Good morning . Have you met Miss Parker ? Bridget is the new cleaner . The new cleaner ? I 've had the dearama analysed . A preliminary report on my findings . How did she get a report on Jarod 's last lair when Sydney and I just returned ? To be honest , Bridget actually beat you there . Only by a couple of days . Ha ! Okay . What am I , in the twilight zone ? We thought it would be a good idea to have Bridget provide assistance in the capture of Jarod . I don 't need assistance . And who exactly , is we ? I am . The powers are tired of the way things have been run ; tired of the inefficiency , angry that Jarod is still out there . I don 't understand why it 's so hard to capture one man . Jarod 's not just a man . He 's a pretender . A human chameleon . A genius who can literally become anyone he wants to be . And he almost found his family , Miss Parker . - Imagine the ramifications . - I know . But we have made progress . Yes , we . Is this Sydney , an impediment ? Or should he be removed ? Sydney raised Jarod . There is an emotional umbilical between them . Sever it and you 'll never see Jarod again . The Centre is tired of Jarod 's actions . If he 's really as smart as you say he is , and you 're really as smart as I hear you are , I 'd think you 'd welcome any help you can get since that 'd be the wise thing to do . We 're going to be late . If you hear from your father , let me know . Well Jarod . Your CV is quite impressive . Undergrad from Vanderbilt , Masters in anatomy from Duke , graduated with distinction from University of London . Great accomplishments for a young man . Well , I 'm a quick study . I must admit that I 'm a little surprised that you 'd be willing to teach gross anatomy to first year med students . Well actually , I 'm here to work with you . I 've been following your progress as a research fellow . I understand you 've made some great strides with the cardiac resuscitation drug . My guess , from your history , it 's a blend between class four setacholines and some sort of generic digitalis . It 's supposed to be a secret . A pharmaceutical research race with the Brits . You can 't keep that sort of thing quiet . You 're a smart man Jarod . You should have been an MD instead of a PHD . Either way they still call me Doctor . Dr Howard , Dr Fein , Dr Howard ! Yo oh ! See what I mean ? Joel , Fernando . Take the cadavers to the cold room and give them a local and formaldehyde wrap . I 've already done it . Joel works part time at the mortuary . Sheldon Fein . Jarod Howard , faculty . Fein and Fein ? Sheldon and I are brothers . Christopher became a doctor trying to put the family business out of business . Fernando . There 's Detective Keys . Maybe you should go talk to her . Maybe she 's found something . I need to get out of here . Joel , The vouchers for the cadavers are on my desk . Get them for ah Sheldon will you ? - Oh , sure . - Just send them over . Fernando seems sad . Yeah , he should . His brother disappeared last Halloween . I 'll take this body to the lab . MEDICAL STUDENT ENRIQUE RAMOS VANISHES MAN SEARCHES FOR LOST BROTHER Who the hell is Mr Lyle ? All I know is that he is barking a lot of orders and all the smart people seem to be following them . Maybe he 's part of the Triumvirate . The Triumvirate ? What the hell would they be doing here ? Assuming power ? Their appearance would certainly explain your father 's disappearance . Not to mention the price of Funyans . Why would they make my father disappear ? Because someone shot Raines . Hmm ! And they 're not going to stop until they find out who did it . Well , I 'm not going to stop until I find out who Mr Lyle is . Yo . Don 't tell me you 're moving into this dump . They say it 's haunted . The house ? No . The fence . This house is a prime Halloween target . I 'm talking eggings , toilet paper , smashed pumpkins . Tell you what . For fifty bucks I 'll make sure nobody trashes it . I 've heard about this Halloween , a ritual where people bring body parts to celebrations ? Ain 't been invited to one of those . Around here it 's mostly teens raising hell or kids doing trick or treat things . Trick or Treat ? What are you ? From Bosnia ? Trick or treat . Where kids dressed up like goons , come knock on people 's doors and people give them candy . Oh . Why ? Because they know you 're coming and if they don 't you might trash their house . So it 's extortion . Now you 're catching on , Bosnia boy . Remember fifty bucks is money well spent . My name 's Bruno . You need enforcement around here I 'm your man . I 'll remember . Now take your rib spreader . Crack open the sternum allowing access to the heart . Oh man ! It is amazing to think that once pumped blood through this body . Now in order to remove the cadaver 's heart , carefully dissect through the pericardial sack . Now remove the attachments of the aorta and the pulmonary veins and arteries . There shouldn 't be much fluid . Excuse me . Ha ha . - I 'll go make sure he doesn 't get it on his shoes ! - Hmm . The Ancient Greeks believed that the brain was the home of the consciousness . And the heart was the home of the soul . That 's an interesting crucifix . I spent some time in Cuernavaca . The artisans there they make one very similar . They made this one . My grandmother 's from Cuernavaca . She raised us after my parents were killed . She gave my brother Enrique and me identical ones before we came here to go to school , for good luck . I heard about your brother 's disappearance . I 'm sorry . They say in some cultures that the bond between brothers can be so strong that they can feel each other 's pain . Can you feel his ? You have a brother ? Yes . Do you feel his pain ? Every day . I feel my brother in my heart but he can 't feel me any more . Enrique 's luck ran out . I just hope that when his heart stopped he didn 't feel any pain . Where AM I ? Where am I ? Where am I ? Where am I ? Sydney . Jarod ! It 's been so long . Part of my life is missing . You sound troubled . Exhausted . I can 't sleep . This could be your processing of your emotions regarding the loss of family . Your brother ? No I understand that pain . This is different . Every time I close my eyes I go somewhere somewhere terrible . I get to the same point in this living nightmare but I I can 't finish it I . I can 't go on . Perhaps your subconscious doesn 't want to face what lies ahead . Let me help you . Tell me where you are . You tell me where I was . Where you were ? My entire life is on these DSAs . From the moment you people stole me to the moment I escaped . Every breath I took , every sim I did , every morsel of food I ate . Except for the last three weeks in October the year before I escaped . There must be a mistake . There is no mistake . Three weeks of my life is missing . Now I don 't know how I know , but it has something to do with my fear and my nightmare . I need to know what happened . I need to know what you did to me . I need to know . Can I help you ? Just getting my bearings . Well keep them out of my office . Right ! Okay . I 've checked the summer house , the estate in Scotland and in Bimamy and no one knows where your father is . Larron . Yes Miss Parker ? If she 's ever in my office again I 'll kill you . Yes Miss Parker . What 's he doing out of his hole ? We found something we thought . Outside . I don 't want to talk in there . I searched through my old records . I was in Europe during the missing time that Jarod was talking about . The precise dates . So ? It was a pointless symposium but I was ordered to attend by Mr. Raines . I tell you that all the weirdness around here is courtesy of Mr. Skin Grafts himself . Mr Lyle shows up . Your father disappears . It 's too coincidental to be just a coincidence . Syd , how is it that half the time you bumble around without a clue and the other half you 're a sage that knows everything ? What 's that about ? Survival Oh . Ah . I 'm going to go back to my hole . First you 're going to help me find out exactly who Mr Lyle is . And how do you expect me to do that ? Who knows all the dirty secrets around here ? Mr Raines . Score one for Captain Kangaroo . While Raines is in the Infirmary you hack into his archives and search for any references to Mr Lyle . Are you crazy ? And while you 're rifling through his archives find out what Raines was doing here while I was in Europe . Oh God ! Oh come on ! Where are your study partners ? Joel is trying to hold down lunch . And , ah , Chloe went to get some . A Day of the Dead Cadaver . I guess you did spend some time in Cuernavaca . Yes . A little hobby I picked up when I was there . Were you teaching ? No , I was a monk . But I did learn a lot about the Day of the Dead , and about respecting and remembering those who came before . Every year when we were little our grandmother would take us to the our parents ' graves , We would clean and decorate them with the cadavers that we would make . She would tell us stories about them and connect us to our roots . Do you do that at the graves of your relatives ? No . I don 't know where they are . I want to find Enrique so that I can bury him properly . You seem sure that he 's not alive . The night he ah disappeared he decided to skip the Halloween party and help me study for my pre-med exam . He never made it home . Part of me died last Halloween . It was the part that was connected to my brother . Some brothers don 't have that connection . Nice place , if you 're trying to raise the dead . I didn 't hear you knock . It 's funny ! Neither did I. You know , most adults aren 't into Halloween quite this much . It 's research . Hey ! I downloaded all the back issues of the newspapers like you asked . Now where 's MY paper ? . I know that it 's none of my business but ... why did you want only the obituaries for the last few years ? You 're right . It 's none of your business . Here 's some trick or treat candy . I 'm particularly fond of the black and orange kind . Very tasty ! The black and orange kind ? You are from Bosnia . And I 'm way too old for trick or treat . What do you do on Halloween ? Well , my favourite thing is dried dog poop and some newspaper , throw it on some old fart 's porch , set it on fire and run . Why ? Because they come out and stamp on it . Well , doesn 't that mess his shoes ? Oh . Oh ! That 's good . Good evening . I 'm glad I caught you at work . I missed you in class today . I 'm a little worried about your study . I 'm not sure you 're going to make it . Nah ! Don 't worry Professor Howard . I 'm not going to let them down . It 's not about you . It 's about Fernando . His brother couldn 't handle it . I 'm not sure that he can . I knew Enrique and I know Fernando . He 's a rock . So it 's true . Enrique couldn 't take the pressure . I saw him crack up myself . I was helping Enrique recruit homeless men for one of Dr Fein 's research projects . We had to search for this particular fellow called Broad Street Bill . But when I came in around 11 o 'clock for the night shift Enrique started acting really strange . He called Dr Fein . And after work , he went home ? He went out to do a burial first . At eleven o 'clock at night ? We do late burials here all the time . Saves money or something . Well Marissa . If you 're dead in my lab , who 's buried in your grave ? Oh my God ! Enrique ! They buried you alive . You had the nightmare again ? So what was it ? Some kind of narcotics experiment ? Nerve gas test ? Or just the MRI from hell ? Whatever it was , Jarod , it was done without my knowledge . I 'd been sent to Europe during the missing time . I 'm doing everything I can to get you answers . Do you ever think about death Sydney ? Not a day goes by where I don 't wonder if it could be my last . Are you ill ? I work at The Centre . There are unsettling changes here . Then walk away . My work here isn 't finished . Until you are out of jeopardy . You and Jacob . We can 't forget our brothers Sydney . In life or in death . Oh . Ah . Ha ha ha . You were so quiet I I You must get a lot of that around here . Oh yeah . Funny ! I was waiting for you . Your brother asked me to give you these vouchers for the cadavers . Oh . Okay . Thanks . While I was waiting Detective Keys came by looking for you . - Detective Keys ? - Hm Hmm . You know the one . She 's helping Fernando find his brother , Enrique . Oh , she asked me to give you this . It 's an exhumation order for a woman named Hall . Marissa Hall . It 's very interesting Detective Keys came by my lab today and she was fingerprinting cadavers . There was this pre-dissected cadaver from last year on my slab and I 'll be damned if it isn 't the very same Marissa Hall . Who are you ? Someone who wants to know how many more of your customers Detective Keys is going to find in my lab and someone who wants to know why Enrique Ramos was buried alive in the grave that he dug . Oh no . Yes . Oh no . I dug him up myself . And unless you want to dig your own grave any deeper I suggest that you tell me what he was doing there . Last Halloween my brother brought in the body of a homeless man and told me to cremate it . Enrique was working later that night and when he saw the body he got really upset ah He called my brother and the next thing I know my brother shows up looking for him and I told him Enrique was digging the plot for the Hall woman . I just assumed that he paid him to leave town . He wasn 't quite that lucky . Can you believe they 've raised the price of snack food . Oh .. no . No bother . It 's my job to clean up around here anyway . Names Bridget . Cat got your tongue luv ? Oh no . It 's just that I I thought I I was the only one who ate those things around here . You 've got company now , Mr Broots . Ha Ha ! Thank You By the way Mr Raines isn 't in his office today . I really shouldn 't be doing this . Dr Fein doesn 't let anybody into this lab . He gets real paranoid someone 's going to poach his data . Even when I brought him test subjects they could only come in one at a time . Like the homeless man you were telling me about ? Broad Street Bill ? Yeah . Yeah . In fact Dr Fein did several tests on him . And you haven 't seen him for a year , have you ? No I haven 't . And you never will . No one will . Raines had nothing on Mr Lyle in his archives . It 's like he doesn 't exist . Then why are you wetting your pants ? Why ? Because of that Bridget . Rumour is she 's an assassin . I know she saw me coming out of Raine 's office . And she called me mister . What do you think she means by that ? Let 's forget Princess Night and start the damned disk . This disk is from Raines ' private archives . My God , it 's Jarod . It 's from the time you were in Europe See Nothing special . Nothing at all . Let 's go . What 's in there ? I don 't know . He never let me go further than here . We really shouldn 't be doing this . What the hell is that ? Who 's that with Mr Raines ? Cardio Benzine . What ? It 's used to slow a patient 's heart rate . In large enough doses , to stop it . Show me the gauges Broots . My God ! Below freezing . There ! Stop it . Okay . Who Who is that ? Mr Lyle . This freak gets around more than Ed McMahon . Who is this guy ? I don 't know . And that 's what scares me . Adrenal cortozene . Dr Fine 's experimental blood pressure drug ? Experimental , yes . Blood pressure , no . He was using it to revive heart response . What did he need what did he need these for ? For when it didn 't work . Jarod 's flat-lined . They were killing him . That 's what they did to me . Do you think Dr Fein was trying to kill his subjects ? He killed them all . For a minute or two anyway . And then he 'd revive them . Broad Street Bill ? The one who didn 't come back . Trick or Treat ? Who wants Pez ? Trick or Treat ? There you go . Dr Fein ? It 's Jarod . I 'm sorry to disturb you but Sheldon was looking for you . Something about an exhumation order . Exhumation ? Did he say who ? Some woman named Hall . You want me to go down there ? A mix up with the cadavers , well that could be very bad for the school . No . No . Ah , I 'll handle it . Whatever you say boss . Trick or treat ? You scared the hell out of me . Well it is after all what this holiday is all about , isn 't it ? Oh you 're too late . He 's gone . Who 's gone ? Enrique . You know . The other man you killed . What kind of sick prank are you trying to play ? It isn 't a prank . It 's a life lesson . You know , in some cultures they believe that the spirit of a man killed in anger returns to exact revenge on its perpetrators . Spooky huh ? I 'm getting out of here . Oh no , you can 't leave Dr Fein . This is the Day of the Dead . And you sir are the special guest . Let me out of here Jarod . This isn 't funny . Oh I know . It would be awful to be buried alive especially with that on your shoe . Sh sh shs sh sh . There 's no reason to wake the dead . You 're going to be joining them soon enough . Jarod please . Did Enrique discover that you had killed one of the research subjects that he had recruited for you ? You 're crazy . Ah ah ahhhh . That 's not a very nice thing to say to a man with a shovel , is it ? Let me out . Let me out of here , Jarod , please . You took an innocent , homeless man and you turned him into your guinea pig . Someone to test your heart drug on . Someone that you didn 't think would be missed if it didn 't work . Well it didn 't work , did it ? Someone did miss him . Enrique . So you buried him alive to save your research . Didn 't you ? Didn 't you ? Didn 't you ? Didn 't you ? Yes ! Yes ! Now , let me out of here . Screaming isn 't going to help you conserve your oxygen . And believe me you 're going to need all that you can get . - No . No . NO ! Jarod . - Happy Halloween . No Jarod . No Jarod . Wait fifteen minutes , then call Detective Keys . Does he have enough air in there ? More than enough . But he doesn 't need to know that . You know Bosnia boy , this is the best Halloween I 've ever had . Whoa . A C - . Will you stop . I didn 't get a C - . Oh yes you did . C - . - I did not . You got a C - is what I think . - Very bad . Oh you , my friend ! You were expecting Florence Nightingale ? What do you want ? Answers . The kind that only you can give me . The skin grafts are healing nicely . Hmm let 's not have another blow up shall we ? Nobody 's going to hear us . Nobody can see us . And nobody 's going to come to save you . It 's just you and me . Now I want to know where my father is ? Where is my father ? I don 't know . Is he dead ? I don 't know . Who is Mr Lyle ? Who is he ? He 's the boogeyman . They stopped my heart . Why ? I don 't know . Why does Mr Raines do anything he does ? He wasn 't alone . The other man . Mr Lyle . He 's here at The Centre now . I won 't let this go . I promise you that . Well , neither will I. Will you be alright ? I 'll survive . Even if it is the Day of the Dead . Halloween . Which I happen to be late for . Trick or treating you know . Dressed as what ? The scariest creature I can think of . Trick or Treat ?
