 Sir , before you go to your meeting , I wanted to inform you ... that Mr. Jones is here from the Bureau of Telepath Integration . The same Mr. Jones from six months ago ? He gets around , doesn 't he ? They 're all called Mr. Jones . It 's their way of making the examination less personal . How could it not be personal ? He crawls inside your head and roots around looking for dirt . But only one telepath can watchdog another . It 's like Internal Affairs of a police force . Promotion and advancement are tied to finding other people breaking the rules . Or , in my case ... poking through other people 's minds without their permission . Anyway , that 's the tradeoff we make for living and working beside normals . That 's a moot point . He 's coming in my quarters at 1800 hours . Standard procedure . Deep scans to see if I 'm violating ... - ... the new rules for telepaths . - I don 't need him to tell me ... you can be trusted not to go snooping around in someone 's mind . And I wouldn 't . Not intentionally . But when the Senate disbanded the Psi-Corp ... there were concerns that accidental scans were inevitable ... once telepaths were integrated back into normal communities . If you want me to talk to him on your behalf - No , thank you . I appreciate that ... but it 's just him , me , and the rules . All right . Good luck . So aside from the Morseddi ... there 's nothing else to investigate in this sector . - Unless anyone else has a suggestion . - Yes . Actually , I have one . It 's right here . To the untrained eye , just another rock . But in reality , a part of a much greater whole . It took me years to find it . Others of my order have spent their entire lives searching for it . These coordinates will guide us to a precise location in hyperspace ... normally hidden from prying eyes . So , shall we go ? - Go where ? - The Well of Forever . It 's a focal point of immense power ... like Stonehenge , or the Oracle at Delphi on Earth . The Well is powerful ... because it draws its essence from hyperspace . For centuries , wizards have sought out crossroads ... because they represent the point where powerful energies intersect . There is no greater crossroads than hyperspace . My people are taught to avoid crossroads . Also beaches , cliffs , pits , caverns , and wells . Where do you go on vacation ? Another part of the room ? You fear these places because they 're not entirely one thing or another . But to a mage , such a place is an open book full of answers ... for those who are willing to listen . This book may be very useful to us ... in our search to find a cure for the Drakh plague . It will take us several days to get there ... but I am certain it will be worth the risk . So you have a magic rock ... that provides you with a mystical place that is a metaphorical book ... that gives you answers to questions that we haven 't asked yet . And you want us to spend days in hyperspace based on that ? Even if your information is correct ... those coordinates are days outside known hyperspace routes . No one is stupid enough to travel that far off the beacon . We could wind up 40 light years from any known system . Not if my ship 's navigational systems are merged with the Excalibur 's . If your ship can find it why do you need us ? My instruments may be more sophisticated than yours ... but my ship can 't maneuver in the strong gravitational currents that far out . I need the Excalibur . All right , since we 've got nothing else on the boards , we 'll take a look . But in deference to common sense and Mr. Eilerson 's concerns ... which somehow ended up the same thing , for a change ... if we get to the location and there 's nothing there ... - ... we 'll turn around and head back . Deal ? - Fair enough . I 'll make ready my ship for the navigational merge . Has anyone else ever found this Well of Forever ? Absolutely . It 's just that no one has ever returned . Consider it an adventure . CRUSADE Matthew Gideon , Captain . Attached to the Earth Alliance starship , Excalibur . To find a cure to the Drakh plague before it wipes out all life on Earth . Anywhere I have to . Who do you serve and who do you trust ? CRUSADE 1x03 " THE WELL OF FOREVER " Subtitles subXpacio Display all systems on the Excalibur . Isolate navigation systems . " OPEN CHANNEL " - Ready to perform navigational merge . - Go ahead . Look at that . His ship can pick up the faintest signal and amplify it to usable form . No wonder Technomages are never seen in hyperspace . They can travel completely off the beacon . I 'd love to get a look inside that thing , see how she does what she does . - You think that might be possible ? - We can try . We 'll have to backcheck the connections from time to time ... to make sure it 's all working properly . And we can look back a little further , just to be thorough . Excellent idea , Lieutenant . Because one of the main reasons I went along with this ... was the chance to learn a little bit more about that ship of his . I 'll get on it first thing . Right now , I have to go . - Time to see Mr. Jones . - Of course . Captain , you have a minute ? Sure , pull up a chair . I 'll deal you in . - So , what 's on your mind ? - Galen . Let me guess . You don 't think he can be trusted . You know , I was taught two things growing up . One : Don 't go looking for trouble ... unless you know what you 're gonna get out of it . In this respect , he is hiding something from us . - I can feel it . I suspect you can , as well . - Yep . Cards ? Dealer takes two . - Doesn 't that bother you ? - We 've all got something to hide , Dureena . Straight . Queen high . What 's the second thing you were taught ? Never gamble with a thief . That 's a good trick ... considering one of the cards I tossed away was the queen of hearts . - Show me how to do that someday ? - If we live that long . By the way , where 's Lt. Matheson ? In his quarters with his guest . I heard . Is he okay ? I don 't know . I noticed we jumped shortly after I arrived . I hope we 're not going too far off the beaten track . A little . But we 'll drop you off at a rendezvous point as soon as we 're done . It 'll be a few days . You know , Lieutenant , you 've become something of a role model ... to a number of telepaths back home . Many of them have dreamed of being career military . You 're the first to have a real shot at it . So you will understand that we need to be even more strict ... even more thorough , given your position . Yes , sir . Just try and relax . No one likes deep scans . They 're painful . Uncomfortable . Sometimes even embarrassing ... but necessary . The Well of Forever ? - Interesting destination . - Sir ... that 's duty-related information - It concerns me because I 'm here while all of it 's going on . So I 'm making an exception . Damn it , you have no right ! My job gives me the right . At the moment , you would do well to be more concerned about your job ... because I can see more than a few mistakes ... you 've made along the way . Yes . Most disturbing , indeed . Enter . What have you done to your quarters ? I made it the right size . I don 't know why everybody else always makes things huge . This is the way I like it , nice and small . Have a seat . Thank you . You 've been keeping to yourself since we jumped . Usually people only worry where I am ... because they 're afraid their valuables will disappear . That 's not something that troubles me . Galen , if you trust me , why won 't you tell me where we 're going ? I said - No , you said that this place holds answers . That doesn 't tell me anything . Do you think I 'm hiding things from you ? - Gideon says we all have things to hide . - Does he ? How unfortunate . I was hoping he 'd come further than that . Not that it isn 't true . It 's just that one simply doesn 't have to say it . Galen , I would like to believe what you said . I would love to trust you . Just give me a reason . What is this Well of Forever ? It is a great monument . It 's a place where races through the ages have brought offerings . It 's a sacred , spiritual place . And when we find it , you will have all the answers you require . You only have to listen ... and ask the right questions . Matthew was right . We all have something to hide ... and we all have something to tell . We all have a secret name . We all have a question . One question that unlocks our hearts . What is your question , Galen ? Why ? - Lieutenant , are you all right ? - He went right through my brain . - He got our destination , everything . - What ? Can he do that ? He has discretionary authority to go anywhere he needs to . But he didn 't need to . It was a violation of privacy , of ... I 'm sorry , Captain . I shouldn 't have said anything . It 's not your problem . We 're picking up something on the long range scanners . Is it this so-called Well of Forever ? I don 't think so . I 've never seen anything like it before . IPX has had some unsubstantiated reports about life forms spotted out here ... but we 've never had any proof . This is an excellent opportunity . We 'll send out minicams . We 'll get - Not until we finish our scans . We can 't risk having them notice us if they pose a threat . They 're called the Fenn . - They 're barely sentient . - You know about them ? They 're drifters . They 're attracted to bright , shiny objects , but they lose interest quickly . They won 't do anything if we stop engines and just drift through them quietly . You 're sure ? Yes , of course . Stop engines . Status ? One of the creatures has latched onto us and is reeling us in . They 're probably just curious , that 's all . - Play dead . - What if we 're lunch ? I 've never heard of them consuming a ship . I think it 's safe to say that we 're not being consumed ... but it 's certainly an odd , chewing rhythm . If it 's not eating us , what 's it doing ? No , it 's not ! It 's mating with us ? It 's not exactly the first contact situation that I 'd envisioned , but ... I want it off my ship right now . - Navigation , full power to thrusters . - Aye , Captain . Thrusters ? Captain , you 're giving it all the wrong signals . Engines to full . Pull us away . - Any damage ? - No , sir . " Just drift through them . " Galen , if that thing has gotten anything on my ship ... Looks like he didn 't stick around for the pillow talk . Captain , the longer we 're out here , the worse things could get . What if there are more dangerous life forms out here ? It would be a mistake to assume that there 's only one life form in hyperspace . Based on an ocean model ... we might have just seen the lowest level of the food chain . So , what happened up here ? Nothing major . Just a few pesky life forms getting fresh with my ship . Any sign of our destination ? None . Scanners are totally dead . I 'm starting to wonder if you 're right . Maybe this was a mistake . Probably . But I don 't think we should turn back , not yet . You said that you avoid situations ... where you don 't know what you 'll get out ofit or what the consequences are . What changed that ? Galen says this is important , that it means something to him . Look , I don 't like having to trust anyone because I 'm always disappointed . But just once , I 'd like to know that I could actually trust someone . That for at least one person , everything wasn 't about money or power . That 's a benefit ? - For me , it could be . - And the consequence ? That we 'll die out here , but I 'm used to that . Look , we have no control over when we die ... only how , why , and in what cause . All right , I 'll give it another day . I owe Galen that much . And you , too . If we don 't find it by then , we turn around and go home . Yes ? Captain , we 'll reach our destination in a few hours . Preliminary scans of the area show nothing there . Could it be hiding behind some hyperspace bubble or shielding ? Negative . Between Galen 's flyer and our own enhancements ... we have enough technology to detect that kind of shielding . There 's nothing there , sir . Thanks for the bad news . End . - I was just coming to see you . - Yes , I know . You 've just heard there is nothing at our destination . Then you know we have to go back now . I 've put my ship and my crew at risk coming all this way . I can 't justify - I 'm afraid going back is not an option . Galen , we have gone out of our way for you . We have to turn around ... before we go too far out and something goes wrong . I still have control of the navigational systems through my ship . What are you saying ? It is impossible for you to change course ... until I turn control of the ship over to you again . That 's mutiny . The Well is here somewhere . We cannot go back until we find it . The ship is not entirely under your control , Matthew . I am sorry . Don 't you walk away from me ! Why the hell are you doing this ? The Well may have shifted in hyperspace over the years . My ship will automatically compensate and plot a new course . You cannot interfere . The interface between my ship and the Excalibur is very delicate . If you tamper with it before we reach our destination , we will be lost out here . I didn 't ask how you screwed me . - I asked why . - There 's that question again . You agreed to turn around if there was nothing here . You deliberately programmed this ... in case you were wrong and it wasn 't here ... so you 'd force us to keep looking . You once told me you considered the Excaliburyour family . You told me that we were the only people you trusted . What could possibly make you betray that ? A promise . One that I must keep , no matter the cost . If you take control of my ship ... everything else that you do after today ... you do alone . It won 't be the first time that I have been alone . - Captain , do you have a moment ? - Not really . Then I suggest you make one . It 's about Lt. Matheson . I wanted you to know I 've completed my scan and I found some gray areas . Maybe you just found what you wanted to find . Maybe you 're just a bit too eager for that next promotion . He has used his abilities to sense emotions ... on the part of certain individuals who have come here in recent months . Caught the random , stray thought . No serious breaches of conduct ... but enough that he may be recalled for further questioning and training . I can 't allow that . He 's needed here . He is answerable only to me . He is answerable to the Senate Committee on Metasensory Abilities first ... above even you , Captain . In anyone else , these would be small enough to overlook . But Lt. Matheson has a higher requirement . That sounds like discrimination to me . Holding one person to a higher standard than the rest . It is what is . You cannot fight what is . Captain , you know the test we 've been running ? The one tracing the merge from Galen 's flyer back to his ship ? I tried one last time to breach his defenses ... figuring if I could get in we might be able to get back control of our ship . I was locked out by some kind of manual control . He shut that down and then shut everything down . - He knows we were snooping . - Yes , I 'm sure he does . All right , let it go . We 're not gonna get anywhere . All we can do now is wait . Captain , what if we do find something out there ? We 'll send out EVA Teams and investigate whatever it is . Why ? You want to head the expedition ? Listen , if you 've never been into hyperspace before , you should go . It 's amazing . It 's nothing like being in normal space . I wish I could . But exposure to hyperspace increases a telepath 's abilities . The longer the exposure , the greater the effect . In here , the ship 's shielding helps keep out most of the telepathic boost . But if I go outside , even in an EVA suit , there 's no telling what might happen . I could casually scan all of you with just a glance . Since safety precautions prevent anyone from going into hyperspace alone ... I guess I 'll never know what it 's like . I guess there 's always a price to pay for something . Coming up on a dense hyperspace veil , Captain . Ship is beginning to slow . Retros firing . We 're there . I felt the ship come to a stop and no one ... Oh , my God . It 's true . Something like this in hyperspace . It 's incredible . Scanner readouts are hazy ... but it appears to have a self-contained atmosphere bubble . All right , Galen , we found it . We 'll do this slowly . Stand by to drop probes ... Captain , there . I 'm going after him . The rest of you stay put . - You can 't expect me - - If he tries leaving the bridge , restrain him . Lieutenant , this is a major discovery . It can 't hurt to run surface scans while he 's out there . At least find out about the atmosphere , gravity , temperature . We 'll give him the heads up for his own good . - Where 's the Captain ? - He 's down there . We 're just getting initial readouts . You won 't believe this . Steel , iron , nickel , deuridium hybrid alloys ... all worth millions across known space . But that 's not all . The entire core is pure , solid Quantium 40 . That alone is worth billions to any jump gate construction company . And above that , gold , precious metals ... all veined through those upper strata . Whole caverns of jewels and metals . It 's a treasure trove . Do you have any idea what a find like this is worth ? No . No , it 's not a treasure trove , at least not the way you mean it . What are you talking about ? Take your eyes off the mineral scanner for half a minute , and look at it . That is not a treasure trove . It 's a mausoleum . Those caverns and monoliths are gravestones ... that mark the passing of a highly advanced race or culture . On my world , we laid our chieftains to rest at crossroads , as this is a crossroad ... in burial mounds that resemble these . The gems , precious metals , and artifacts were probably left here ... by those few who knew how to find this place . Over centuries , new grave sites and offerings buried the older ones ... layer after layer . It 's a place of glory ... a place of memory . Most of all , a place of goodbyes . Yes . As I said , at the very least ... the find of a lifetime . Now will you tell me what 's going on ? Her name was Isabel , and she was the best of us . Every Technomage knows the 14 words ... that will make someone fall in love with you forever . - But she only needed one . - What word ? Hello . She would sit across from me on cold nights in the study ... her tiny frame lost in an enormous , overstuffed chair ... her feet curled beneath her . In my dreams , I still remember ... the pattern of runes hand-stitched to the hem of her gown ... even though I never really studied them . At night , when I read alone ... I still hear her sighing ... over passages on the pages which troubled her . We spent the nights in study like that ... sometimes never saying a word ... and never needing to . She was your wife ? No , not in those terms . It 's difficult to explain the kind of relationships ... that define our order . But she was my love ... to the breadth and depth that my soul can reach . And second to this place , I was hers . She spent her life searching for this . It was her dream , and because I loved her , it became mine , too . After I lost her ... I devoted my life to finding it . You put us through all this ... just because of a promise to find this place ? Not just to find it . I promised her that somehow , someday , whatever the cost ... I would take her here to rest . If you understand at all ... then you will let me finish it . " Care no more to clothe and eat " " To thee the reed is as the oak " " The scepter , learning , physic must " " All follow this , and come to dust . " " All lovers young , all lovers must " " Consign to thee , and come to dust . " Naturally , IPX is going to want a cut of this . The hell with IPX . Just because you work for them ... doesn 't give them the right to desecrate this place . - Desecrate ? - Yes , desecrate . I fully intend to keep the site preserved in its natural state ... after we move it to the Russian Consortium Museum for Xenostudies . Absolutely not ! These are the final resting places of Technomages , wise men ... and who knows what else . Whoever they were - Set course for the last known hyperspace beacon and turn us away . What ? If we 're just going to leave , then why did we even come here ? Max , just shut up , all right ? Galen , this was your idea . You brought us here . You know how valuable this place is . Say something . Goodbye . - Dureena , you busy ? - Not terribly . What ? I 've been thinking , I need someone to do a favor for me ... someone absolutely single-minded . It 's not for me , actually . - For Lt. Matheson . - Name it . - Captain - - Wait a second . What is it today ? Is my office suddenly Grand Central Station ? I wanted to warn you . There 's a bomb on board . Don 't be ridiculous . It 's attached to the jump engine , set to go off any time now . She 's willing to kill all of us to get revenge for something or other . - How did you hear about this ? - Well , I ... Let me see if I can pick your brain , for a change . You got this from the thoughts of a woman ... that you saw in the bullet car . - How can - - Her name is Dureena . And I 've never seen anyone focus on revenge and death ... as completely as she can when she sets her mind to it . Lt. Matheson told me that you probed part of his mind ... to find out where we were going . A small infraction since you had your reasons for it . So I figured that you 'd have even more reason ... to protect your own skin . You said certain people should be held to a higher standard . What is the standard for a watchman like you ? Or more to the point , what are the penalties ? You forget about what you saw , and I 'll forget all about this . Deal ? " PROBLEM SOLVED . HERE 'S A GIFT TO CELEBRATE " Sir , we 've picked up an open airlock on Deck 14 . Should I alert Security ? No , that 's all right . Just keep driving . Beautiful . I 'm leaving again for a while . I wanted to know if I should bother coming back again . You hijacked my ship , Galen . You betrayed my trust . What higher insult could you pay to a friend ? You didn 't even trust me enough to tell the truth about why we were going . - If I had , you wouldn 't have come . - You don 't know that . Because you didn 't trust me enough to tell me , you never will . I admit this is the first time I have put my private agenda before the mission . But you did the same . You only went along with this ... because it gave you the chance to examine the technology of my ship . You , too , were following your own agenda . Neither of us can claim altruism today . 5 miles completed . You saved my life 10 years ago , Galen ... and several times since . I owe you . Further , your importance to the mission far outweighs the offense . So I 'm not gonna put it on the record ... but it was wrong . On a certain level , perhaps . But on a higher one , I fulfilled a promise . And I give you another : I will never again betray your trust . If I honored one vow , then you know that I will keep this one . I carried out her last request , honored her memory . If it were you , wouldn 't you do the same ? I 've already made that promise , times 300 . Have you kept it ? No , not yet . Then when the time comes , I will help you keep yours ... as you have helped me keep mine . Perhaps then we can both forgive ourselves our common crime . What crime ? Being alive . I am leaving for a while . You said the Well of Forever was an open book ... full of answers for those who listen . We were there , Galen . Where are the answers ? For Max Eilerson , the question was : " Is there anything in all the universe that I cannot have ? " Download the coordinates of the Well into my personal log ... and download the bridge video records of this subject . Unable to comply . Technostatic disarray has erased all of your primary source information . That answer is being delivered clearly and unequivocally . Lt Matheson . He would have had his answer , too ... had he gone to the Well with Gideon . Matthew did receive his answer ... but because he was not listening ... he will have to look elsewhere . What about me ? You should learn to be more careful ... when talking in front of an open channel to my ship . Look , I don 't like having to trust anybody , because I 'm always disappointed . But just once , I 'd like to know that I could actually trust someone . That for at least one person , everything wasn 't about money or power . I think you 've received the answer to your question , Dureena . Maybe . But what about your question , Galen ? Did you find your answer to " why " ? That one ... may take a little longer . Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries
