 The world of Zenn-La ! Since the beginning of time , its teachings of peaceful co-existence have shone as a beacon of truth and enlightenment in a universe otherwise darkened by chaos and strife . When the unassailable being known as Galactus sought to nourishhimself on Zenn-La 's planetary energies ... I , the Watcher , broke my ancient vow of silence and intervened to warn its people of his coming ! Yet I was helpless to prevent the inevitable . Even the mighty warriors of the Kree and the Skrull fell before Galactus ' power . Then Norrin Radd , a brave believer in justice and truth , confronted the dreaded foe ... And proposed a bargain so momentous that it would affect the entire universe ! In return for Galactus ' vow to spare Zenn-La , Norrin Radd made the supreme sacrifice , giving up all he knew and loved to become Galactus ' herald and scout . He hoped to lead Galactus to worlds devoid of intelligent life , and so save countless civilizations from annihilation . However , his body altered and his memories gone , Norrin Radd is no more . In his stead a new being searches the cosmos . In his stead soars - - the Silver Surfer ! The Origin of the Silver Surfer , Pt . 2 Sync : hata20tr Space ! My home ! Was ever a man as lucky as I ? Who but the Silver Surfer can soar the cosmic currents and be one with the many wonders of the galaxies ? And yet , even now , I feel confused , and uncertain . Where do I come from ? Why do I serve - - ? Strange ... The surface of this world is entirely artificial . I shall search past it ... Lord Glenn ! The monitor satellites are picking up an intruder ! The planetary database confirms it : The Silver Surfer has entered our space ! Yes ! The necessary energy lies within . This planet can indeed ease his hunger ! My Lord ! He 's sending out the call to Galactus ! He must be stopped ! You know the procedure . Do they not understand ? Nothing can stand in my way ! These beings know that it is impossible for them to prevail , and yet they fight on ! Their struggle moves me in a way I do not understand , yet I cannot allow it to sway me ... I sorrow for you , my planetary brothers ... We have other weapons , Lord Glenn . There is still time . No , Ivar . The Silver Surfer 's power is awesome , and all our data indicates that it is as nothing compared to that of his master . This is the day we have dreaded since Galactus first arrived in this sector ... Only by evacuating do our people have a chance to survive ! Time after time have I borne witness to wanderers forced from their homes . Yet never does the sight cease to be a bitter one ... The beauty of it ... The majesty ... Does it not touch your heart , my love , to witness such ruinous grandeur ? You are absolutely correct ... Galactus is the very definition of destruction ! Yes , my dear , I quite agree ... Control his power , and the entire universe will fall beneath our heel ! Master ! My herald , never have I fed as well as I have since you joined me . Master ? Often have I wondered ... When did I join you ? And why ? Always are you questioning , always restless and to think . Once I foolishly thought that , unlike myself , lesser beings could be content . Do I amuse you , mighty Galactus ? It is of no consequence . All that must concern you is that I obtain the energy I need . Now go , my Silver Surfer ! Soon this planet will be drained ... and the Great Hunger will be upon me once more ! To me , my board ! The Silver Surfer , beloved . I could crush him with a gesture ... But if anyone knows Galactus ' secrets , it is he . I must find a way to entrap him , so I can rip that knowledge from his brain . Yes , my love , I know exactly what is necessary . And I have the perfect pawn to put into play ... A nova ! Never have I felt such force ! I cannot control my direction , nor my speed ! Where am I ? The nova ... Its waves blew me like a speck of cosmic dust ! I have lost precious time , and Galactus must soon feed ... Daylight ? Plant life ? How can this be in a world with no sun ? This planet contains energy in abundance ! How fortunate I was to be carried here ! NO ESCAPE ! An intriguing development , my love ... do you not agree ? The Silver Surfer is nowhere near as powerful without his board . It is as they are one ... I wonder what other weaknesses our reluctant ally will expose . Another flawless plan . You are indeed the mistress of strategy ! That sound ! It is like a heartbeat ! My board ! Come to me ! These growth cycles should take eons , not moments , to occur . Truly , this is a world of impossibilities ! But my speculations are pointless . Soon this world will be no more ! NO ! You cannot go ! Can it be ? Is this whole world attacking me ? The area around me . It is a perfect void . My power cosmic has no source from which to draw ... Silver Surfer ! Your place is here ! No ! Whoever you are . Know that my place is at the side of Galactus ! Now and evermore ... I must free myself ! For Galactus ... My herald ! This world is no more , its energy absorbed ... Never before have you failed to summon me to a new planet ... by the time I was finished with the old ... ! Now you are strangely silent ! Is it possible that you have gone back on your word ? Silver Surfer ... ! I HUNGER ! My darling ... Success is just a heartbeat away . Soon , the chains to bind great Galactus will be yours to lock into place ! In all my service with Galactus never have I beheld such as this ! I am Ego , the Living Planet ! Stay with me , Silver Surfer and I will give you all you ever could desire . Indeed , you are a unique and powerful being . But I cannot allow even you to prevail over my master 's needs ! To me , my board ! Your incompetence depresses me , Ego . We will discuss the proper punishment when I have finished with him . You should have remained in the ice , Silver Surfer . Now , this may hurt you ... Although not for long ... No ! Where have you taken me ? We have entered your mind . It is ... It is not as I expected ... Your whole life should be here . Your accomplishments . Fears . Failures . Instead ... There is emptiness . Darkness . A void ... My life is serving Galactus . I am nothing else . Serving Galactus ? I have no interest in how to serve anyone ! I want the secret of controlling your master ! Do you not understand ? Galactus can never be controlled ! If every being ... every power ... in the universe came together just for that very purpose , still would they fail ! He cannot be invincible ! He is not a God ! The answer is here ! It must be here ! Might this be your past , perhaps ? Mountains of memories hidden from you , locked away like a silver treasure ! I will possess that treasure ! No ! You must stop ! I have no answers ! This is where the truth lies , Silver Surfer . Do you not want to be set free ? I am afraid ! To perform your task as my herald , Norrin Radd . You must become far more than merely a man ... Think of the courage our ancestors had , Shalla Bal . To leave Zenn-La and soar out to the unknown ! I bestow upon you a portion of my own power cosmic ... I will guide him only to planets whose cores burst with energy , yet which have no intelligent life . I shall give you the means to travel faster than the fastest starship . This is what you have longed for all your life . It truly is your chance to explore the stars . I know you have always wanted to go . Norrin Radd exists no more . I will save countless civilizations ! Take me with him ! Even your mind is a new page on which I shall write . I will never forget you , Shalla Bal ... No ! You are from Zenn-La ! Eons ago , did I study there ! Eons ago , did I fail ! Never again can one such as I face Zenn-La 's shining light ! My lady ... Protect me ! Silver Surfer ! I am in your debt . The nova that brought you here was caused by that being . If I had not aided in your entrapment , I would have perished like that star . Are you not afraid you will still perish , when I summon Galactus ? I am not without resources , as you have seen . And with Thanos gone , my mobility has returned ... Mobility , indeed ... Thanos ! I will remember the name of one who is so evil yet has given me so much to think about . So many memories ! And get a swiftly as they appeared , did they vanish , returning to their prison inside my own mind ... I must find Galactus .. For now I know that my master has stolen my past , my life ! My love ! Galactus ! There will be a reckoning ! I will regain my soul ! My lady , I have failed you . I am not worthy , I know ... Please do not turn away from me now . Let me right this grievous wrong . I will give you the universe , I swear ! And then , my beloved Lady Chaos together we shall destroy it ! Galactus ! You have failed me , my herald ... But I will let it go ... this time ... For now I am well pleased . I have found a world with more life energy than any I have encountered before ! Sync : hata20tr
