 Oh my God , it was great . You should 've seen I mean , it was great . This thing , no , no , this weird thing , this big weird thing just right here , just out of ... came out of nowhere Quinn ! I think I just knocked out the power . Good morning , Northern California . " Day Tripper " with you . What are you doing still in bed , will you tell me that ? I can understand the people in San Francisco don 't get me wrong but you folks in the East Bay , you folks on the peninsula , you 've got jobs . Come on , let 's get going , let 's get hopping . Special show for you today here with the Day Tripper . All morning long , our first annual " Miss Nude Feminist Pageant . " I 'm serious . Very angry gals coming in all morning long to take their tops off . You got to stay tuned . You don 't want to miss a minute . - Morning , Mom . - Morning . I got to fly . I got a million things Eat . You 're too much like your father . Up all night , working crazy hours . Look what happened to him . He worked himself to death . Mom , Dad was hit by a car . But he was on his way to work . That 's my point . He had too much on his mind . Better than too little . Is that the same shirt you had on yesterday ? What ? I took a shower . Young man , there 's a clean pile of laundry on the dryer . Run downstairs and pick something . It 's about time you got to those . That pile 's been on my floor for a week . - When are you going to make up my room ? - You watch it , buster ! Two more semesters and I 'm turning this place into a bed and breakfast . I got dibs on the basement . That 's the only reason you 're not on the streets already . It would take years to get rid of all that junk . September 13th my attempt to create the world 's first anti-gravity device has taken a decidedly bizarre turn . Anti-grav , uh-uh . Something else , definitely . But what ? Whoo ! September 21st . After days of careful analysis , I 've come to the conclusion that the center of the ring could be the mouth of a tunnel or a gateway to another existence . Quinn , don 't you have class today ? You know , Michael , I worry about that kid sometimes . He 's too smart for his own good . Who are you talking to ? Your father and I were having a private conversation . Tell him I said hi . Yes . - Bye , Mom . - Bye . It 's time to overthrow the chains of capitalist oppression . Communism will sweep the world and the days of the US imperialist war machine are numbered ! Take heed , boy . Join the revolution or suffer the consequences ! Thanks for the warning ! As even the most intellectually impoverished physicist knows , the largest symmetry group of a single Dirac field is ... ? The silence is deafening . Oh , come along , come along ! You 're supposed to be the brightest of the bright , the best there is . You are my students . Miss Zachary ? Montague ? Mr. Wing ? Mr. Mallory , I have devoted many years of my life honing my considerable intelligence so that I could impart a subject this complex with lucidity . You might at least do me the courtesy , sir , to pretend that you are listening to me . I won 't even bother to ask you the answer , which is , my dear babes in the wood , U4 . That 's U4 , Mr. Bennish , not U2 . Ladies and gentlemen , you disappoint me . This intellectual torpor may be sufficient to earn you a job in some disaster-prone part of the world like Chernobyl or NASA , but it won 't cut the mustard with me . I should 've gone to law school like my old man wanted . This relativistic quantum pop cosmology is such a mindwarper . If you ask me , Professor Arturo 's not nearly as smart as he thinks he is . Oh ! The man should be a Nobel Laureate for his theory on coset wormholes and Kaehler orbifolds . And I just read his thesis on Chiral field anomalies . It 's killer . That 's not on the class list , is it ? Nah , just a little light reading . Look , there 's really no sense in dropping $ 20,000 on this system right now . I 'd wait a month . The CD-ROM seek rates are still in the 130 millisecond range , there 's tons of screen flicker and the new Pentium controller chips from Intel will make these MX 480s obsolete . Now I know I 'll be back . Why don 't you two poke around here ? I 'll be back in a minute . Hi , Quinn . - Hey , I scored those hockey tickets . - Oh , great . My ex-boyfriend 's got connections . I can 't believe he actually got jealous . He thinks that I 'm going on some hot date . Funny , huh ? Wade ! Uh-oh , watch it . " Mr. Computer Boy 's " on the warpath . Ah , Mallory , how good of you to join us . And only nine minutes late this time . God , will wonders never cease ? $ 20,000 just walked out the front door . So , next month they 'll spend 50 on the 680s . She 's right , Michael , I told you not to order those things . Every single hard drive has crashed . Hey , don 't get smart with me . This computer store pays your rent , mister . If it weren 't for my mistakes , you 'd be out of a job . Oh . One missing piece . You 'd think after three months I 'd be able to crack it . Some genius . But while searching for the answer , accidents may happen . Amazing accidents . September 25th . For three days , I 've been sending objects into the void a paper airplane , Rubik 's Cube , even my T-Rex . I figured the carnivore could take care of himself . All vanished without a trace . Last night I perfected a timing device , designed to return things from wherever it is they 're going . I sent another object in ... 19 minutes , 40 seconds ago , with the timer set on 20 minutes . With any luck it should be returning ... right about ... now ! And the crowd goes crazy . Mm-mm ! September 26th I 've been thinking about sending " Schrodinger " through . First cat into the void . But if anything were to happen , I know I couldn 't live with that . Still , the need to know overwhelms the human instinct for self-preservation . Of course , sending the camera is the logical choice , but the electrical field nukes the picture . So ... tomorrow morning , I myself will step through the gate , and finally see what 's on the other side . September 27th well , here goes nothing . I 've set the timer for 15 minutes , but , Mom , in the event something goes wrong and I don 't return , this is a message for you . I want you to know that I love you very much , and I hope you understand that I have to do this . Try not to worry . You know me . Wherever I am , I 'm probably having a blast . Oh , and don 't throw out any of my stuff . Who knows ? I might make it back one day . See you soon , Schrodinger ! I hope . Oh , no . I don 't believe this . Quinn ? Honey , don 't you have class today ? I 'm a failure , Schrodinger . I 'm right back where I started . I have been skeptical about this scientific theory , so-called , about " global cooling " , but I don 't know , maybe it 's true . The air conditioning has got this studio so cold right now , no wonder nobody wants to come in here topless . What are you , blind ? It 's a green light , for crying out loud ! This is kind of sad . This is the day when the very last CD rolls off the assembly line . I say " roll off " I don 't know how they get off it . Apparently they just weren 't selling . The vinyl LP won the battle , and vinyl , ladies and gentlemen , is here to stay . Hey , everybody , it 's crazy . Did you see this in the paper this morning ? Jack Kennedy does not want to run for another term . I can understand this , people . If you start the day in bed with Marilyn , that 's where you want to spend the day . Weird , " Tripper . " Weird , and not real funny . Hey , come on ! What 's your problem ? Where 'd you learn to drive ? - Wha ... ? - Let 's go , let 's go ! All right , all right . This really gets my goat now the Mexican government is complaining about all the Americans who are moving across the border illegally to live in Mexico . What ? What 's going on ? If these people just care about getting a better job and a higher standard of living , good riddance to them . My God ... where am I ? Red is " go , " green is " stop . " Red is " go , " green is " stop . " What did you do , honey ? Forget something ? Mom , look at you ! You 're I mean , you and Jake ? He 's our gardener ! Yes ! - Mom ! - What is it ? Mom ! Quinn ! Honey , honey , put me down and get to school . You 're going to be late again . But I 'm home , Mom , home ! Jake ! Jake ! How you doing ? Great to see you . You look great . Better than ever ! Ha ! I 'm sorry , Professor . Forgive me . I don 't mean to interrupt , but we have to talk . I do not believe we have anything more to say to each other . Professor ... the Einstein-Rosen-Podolskybridge I crossed it . Get out of my class ! Wait ... what 's happening here ? Very well , if you will not leave , I will . Don 't you ever talk about my theories like that again . Class dismissed . Man , I can 't believe you came back . The guy 's " Three Mile Island . " It 's going to take him years to cool off . He 's right , dude . I think Arturo is a pompous windbag too , but I 'd never have the guts to say it to his face . Big time congrats ! All right . Quinn ... what are you doing here ? I work here , remember ? Not anymore , you don 't . Have you completely flipped ? Get out of here before he calls the cops . Who , Hurley ? Come on , Wade , I 'm not that late . The man just fired you . For what ? For telling him to stick his computers where There 's something really strange going on . I swear to God , that was not me . Oh ... right . I suppose now you 're going to tell me that kiss meant nothing . Kiss ? Oh my God . I kissed Hurley . No wonder I 'm fired . Will you stop it ? It was with me . Don 't you dare tell me that you don 't remember . But that 's just it why would I kiss you ? We 're buds , right ? Lt 'd be like incest . What else did I do ? I don 't think that this is funny . You 're right , it 's not . Please wait . Humor me . I 'm losing my mind ! I 'll say . You 've completely snapped . It 's like I 'm Dr. Jekyll all of a sudden . It was really great the look on his face . Wade ! Look , Quinn , you 'd better get out of here . Go home and get some rest . That brain of yours is fried . Go ! Had an accident on the job ? I know how to exploit the law to secure the benefits you deserve . I was relaxing on the job when someone accidentally dropped an anvil on my head . Ross J. Kelly got me $ 1 million . I 'm Ross J. Kelly and I won 't take no for an answer . I 'll fight for you . - Excuse me , Ann . - Hello , Claude . You 're home early . Mom , have I done anything to upset you today ? Not that I 'm aware of Why , are you planning to ? God , I hope not . Oh , man , did I lock you down here , Schrode ? I 'm sorry . Nothing makes sense anymore . Stepping into the hole must 've messed up my mind . Maybe the energy field causes hallucin - Oh my God . Who did this ? - I did . Or should I say ... you did ? - Who are you ? - Isn 't it obvious ? I 'm you . My God . The gateway ... it split me in half ! Not hardly . I 'm you , Quinn , but I 'm not from this world . I 'm from another Earth . An Earth that exists in a parallel dimension . There may be hundreds , even thousands of Earths , all coexisting on the same multidimensional space-time continuum . - How do you know that ? - Because I 'm a " slider " . This happens to be my eighth " slide " . Slider ? Yeah . Little term I cooked up . You like it ? Yeah . It 's pretty cool . You probably would 've dreamt it up yourself sooner or later . It 's a safe bet we think alike . Mostly . That 's the entrance to a wormhole that runs between worlds . When you step inside , you " slide " through to another universe , completely distinct and separate from your own . Can you choose your destination ? Fraid not . Or at least , not yet . Think of a roulette wheel with an infinite number of slots , each slot representing a different planet Earth . Each time you slide , you 're spinning the wheel never knowing where the ball will come up . - Quinn , telephone ! - I 'll call ' em back ! Sorry . I am amazed that you slid without knowing this . I solved that old thing months ago . Now , thanks to me , you 've got the answer , too . And you owe me big , hombre . Thanks to you , I lost my job . Computer hell ? I did you a favor . That guy Hurley 's a putz on every world I 've been to . Amazing . Oh , I got to go . Wife 's waiting . Been married now , two years . You 're going to love sliding , Quinn . I 've been to a world where the Cubs have won three straight World Series . Get out . I once stepped onto an Earth just this side of paradise . Where there 's no pollution , no crime or hate . People were happy , and a stranger was welcomed with love . No one was afraid there , Quinn . Think about that . No one 's afraid . I had set the timer for 20 hours before I left home that day . Not nearly enough time in a world like that . I hope I find it again . I 'll always keep looking . Oh , and about the timer , I got to warn you ! This is important . No matter what happens during a slide I can 't hear you ! - Yes ? - Hi , Mrs. Mallory , I 'm Wade . - I work with Quinn . - It 's nice to finally meet you . Please , come in . I am Professor Maximillian Arturo . Oh , isn 't this an honor ? My son thinks the world of you , Professor . He does ? Mmm . Oh . Well ... we had a little bit of an altercation today and I believe that he wishes to apologize to me . He 's in the basement as usual . My friends ask me - Why I cry - Cry It 's ' cause I feel like I want to die Turn that off , Artie ! Don 't need to be hearing that old stuff the night of my big comeback . I loved the " Spinning Topps . " Wish to hell you 'd never left them . They ain 't nothing without Rembrandt . Straight down the tubes the minute I walked . Who are you kidding ? 15 number one hits minus you . 13 ! And they were all flukes ! What counts is " The Crying Man " is bigger and better than ever . Yeah , he don 't need no has-been " Spinning Topps " leeching all his glory . Hey , Artie , my comeback is going to shock the world ! I will be bigger than ever ! Yeah , all my fans will be ... Flocking to the field tonight . Remmy , you 're singing the anthem at a Giants game , not performing for the Queen . It 's a start . That 's all . It is a rebirth . And wait till you see my new look . It 's going to floor you , my man , because it 's totally ' 90s . Yes , sir . - Here , I 'll show you . - ( door opens ) Ow ! '90s , baby . " Crying Man " is back . What on Earth ? Wade : Wow ... the " batcave " ! Oh , great , great . Come on in , make yourselves at home . I 'll be with you in one second . Mr. Mallory , my time is valuable . Please don 't insult me by wasting it . If you have something to say to me , then ... Oh my God . You 've solved it . Oh , that . Yeah , I can explain . One sec . Explain ? This piece here is a proof of a unified field theory . That alone is the holy grail of theoretic physics . This elegance is found here in the basement of this ... unknown , unkempt , unpublished , unfortunately brilliant ill-mannered brat ! It gets better . A lot better . ( beeping ) ... and the rockets red glare The bombs bursting in air Over there , over there , over there Gave proof through the night That our flag was still there ... Professor : The concept of a parallel universe is a mathematical abstraction . It 's a theoretical concept . But to imagine we have the technology to build a portal into an alternative universe and then move in and out of it ? Why , that 's absolute nonsense . Next you 'll be tell me your dog 's eaten your homework . I ... don 't have a dog . Rembrandt : Ladies and gentlemen , back by popular demand , the highlight of the evening ... yeah ! " The Crying Man , " Mr. Rembrandt Brown . ( mimics drums ) Oh , say can you see ... ( singing continues ) Radio sportscaster : Welcome to the pregame show . Well , fans , the Giants made a roster move that came as little surprise . Shortstop Vic Smith , who has been struggling with the leather ... three errors last night ... was sent to triple-A Phoenix to the Pacific Coast League . The Giants hope the youngster will learn to relax and regain his confidence ... Who cares about Vic Smith ? The anthem , man ! People want to know who 's singing the anthem . You mean we can just , like , slide through this , and boom , we 're on another planet ? No , same planet , different dimension . And it 's safe , right ? That is so cool ! Where do I sign up ? Don 't be a child . This is not a toy . Hey , lighten up . Quinn 's done it . And his double 's gone through nearly a dozen times . Do you have something better to do ? This wormhole must be carefully studied . All its permutations must be calculated . Fine , you work out the numbers . Quinn and I are going to take a spin around the universe . Are you serious ? Coming ? Fine . Then , in the interests of science , I suppose I must go along with you for this joyride . What do you think , five hours ? That should give us time to explore and still be home by midnight . Yes , I would imagine you 'd want a good night 's sleep before your class tomorrow . It should be quite a doozy . Do you think we 'll all fit ? Maybe I should increase the power . The question is , how much ? God help us . ( buzzing above ) So help me , Quinn Mallory , if you blow another fuse ... ( screams ) ( screaming ) ( whines ) My wheels ... my beautiful wheels ! Jesus , Mary and Joseph . I think I 've just seen God , and I could 've sworn he was driving a Cadillac . You okay ? Wade : Oh , man , that was so great ! It was like ... better than sex . I wouldn 't go that far . Quinn , where are we ? In my basement . If there 's a me living here , I guess he never turned it into a laboratory . If we 're lucky , there could be candles above the washer . ( wind whistling ) What 's that ? My family . I mean , the family that lives ... lived here . It 's " Bopper " ! He ... he ran away when he was just a puppy . We never found him . Who 's the girl ? Must be the sister I never had . ( wind howling ) Quinn : Look at this place . ( shudders ) Rembrandt : Hey , guys ! Who are you ? Where am I ? Wade : My God . Hell really did freeze over . Quinn : We 're not in Kansas anymore . It would appear that our " roulette wheel " has landed us on a world that has suffered a terrible climactic cataclysm . Nuclear winter ? Quite possibly . Or a shifting of the Earth 's axis , or some sort of ecological disaster . The question is , how are we getting home ? The same way we came . The timer will be returning us to my basement in about four hours . Four hours ? That 's like four years in a place like this . No , actually , string theory dictates that time will remain the same in all parallel worlds . Present day , wherever we are . In fact , time will always remain concurrent during all interdimensional slides . You want to roll that by me again , man ... in English this time ? Four hours spent here is the same as four hours spent on our world . So if now is now , I could still make the game and do the gig . You 're taking me back , and you 're doing it this instant . But I don 't think I 'm supposed to alter the timer . The other Quinn , he was trying to warn me about that , but his voice , it kept fading . - Hold it a minute , guys . - ( rumbling ) Do you hear something ? ( louder rumbling ) ( panting ) Oh , God ! End of discussion , " Q-Ball " ! We 're out of here ! ( loud rumbling ) - ( Rembrandt moans ) - What 's going on ? Come on ! I hope we 're doing the right thing ! Anywhere is better than here . Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go ! Wade : Come on , come on , come on ! I 'm trying ! Something 's wrong . ( beeping ) ( loud rumble ) All right , move it ! Give me a leg up . ( groaning ) Come on , Wade ! All right , come on ! Quinn : Come on , come on ! You ready ? Wait a minute , wait a minute ! My car ! What about my car ? ( thunderclap ) Up , up , up ! Up , up ! Whoa ! ( grunts ) ( screaming ) ( screaming , groans ) ( screaming ) Oooh ! ( Rembrandt screaming ) Man , that trip was a trip ! Wade : Professor , where 's Quinn ? Wasn 't he right behind you ? Didn 't you see him in the void ? Girl , I didn 't see a thing . I flew with my eyes closed . What if he didn 't make it ? We have to go back . My dear child , that portal opens on an infinite number of universes . - I don 't care . - There 's no way of controlling the journey back . If he didn 't make it ... we may never see him again . Please , Quinn ... please don 't let me lose you . Please . ( screaming ) ( gasps ) Whoo-oo ! That was close . Hey , what 's with the tears ? You hit your head or something ? Yeah , maybe I should have it examined . ( chuckles ) Home ! Professor : Yes , nothing quite like it . 7 : 25 . I can almost still make it . If I had a car , that is ! You have to explain this to the insurance boys . Going to have to tell them how my beautiful red sled is on another planet where it 's stuck in a freakin iceberg ! They 're never going to buy that when I put in my claim ! We 'll worry about that later , Mr. Brown . Right now , you 've got an anthem to sing . Yeah , yeah , right . I got to catch a cab . That 's what a man without a car is forced to do ! Don 't you never do that again , you hear ? Jeez , 7 : 25 and I 'm out here trying to catch me a cab ! ( mutters , swears ) Oh , man ! Hey ! ( whistles ) Over here ! That 's it , come on ! Down here , baby . Down here . Yes ! Candlestick , my man , and step on it . - ( beeping ) - Hey , guys , I 'm going to call home . I 'll catch up with you , okay ? To tell you the truth , I 'm kind of sorry we 're back . I mean , think of all the other worlds out there , and how much fun we 'd have exploring them . It seems kind of dull to be back home . Just remember that tornado and be grateful . The preset controls are shorted . I wonder why it brought us to the park instead of my basement like it 's supposed to ? Perhaps that 's what your double was trying to explain ... if you advance the timer , you get unforseen side-effects . Good heavens ! Has that always been here ? Who , Abe ? Yeah . No ... Lenin . Nikolai Ilyich Ulyanov Lenin . Huh-uh . It was Lincoln , Professor . Abraham Lincoln . Operator : PT T , we want you back . Excuse me ? Operator : If you switched from PT T to PT T Two , we want you back . Thanks to our " Comrades Call Comrades " program , we can save you up to six rubles a year on long distance to the motherland . " PT T " ? What is this ? I just want to make a phone call . Identify . This is operator 934 . Identify . This is Operator 934 . You will state your telephone permit number now . You are in violation of section 33956 of the California Penal Code . Your location has been traced . Please remain with this unit until a communications security team arrives . - Thanks , I 'll try again later . - Failure to do so will result ... ( handset clicks ) Hey ... " Pay-ville " ... Pavel . Whatever . Could you step on it a little ? ( speaks Russian ) Lmmigrants . You 're going to live in the land , you 've got to learn the language . Do whatever you can , huh , chief ? While you 're at it , could you turn on the Giants ' game ? - You know , " baseball-ski " ? - Baseball . Reds ? Reds ' game ? Yeah . Baseball game , capiche ? - ( music plays ) - Anthem . Anthem ? What do you mean , anthem ? No , I 'm the anthem . ( music continues ) Wait a minute , that don 't sound right . Must be playing a Canadian team ... Friends of the state will always be rewarded . ( crowd cheering ) But enemies must be purged from the body ! ( cheering ) The so-called lmperialist American Underground is being crushed even as we speak . It is simply a matter of time before the last of their kind are wiped from the face of our land ! ( cheering ) Quinn , there 's something I 've got to tell you . I know ... we never made it home . ( speaking Russian ) Insk via hordka minishkin . - What ? - Minishkin , minishkin . Oh , I gotcha . You want some moolah for the toll . ( mutters in Russian ) ( chuckles ) ( speaking Russian ) ( alarm blares ) ( guns cocking ) ( whimpers ) Y 'all need exact change , is that it ? You , against the wall ! Soldier : Keep them moving ! Soldier # 2 : You there ... back with the others ! Over to the right . Wade : This place gives me the creeps ! - When can we leave ? - When the timer recharges itself . - ( gunfire ) - And when will that be ? Maybe soon , maybe never . ( dog barking ) Any chance the gadget can be fixed ? Maybe , with the right tools and a little bit of luck . Well , if we get the right time , I hope you 'll let me sit in . I 'd love to take a peek under the hood . ( distant gunfire , sirens wailing ) Rembrandt : Look , I ain 't heard nothing about no " American Underground . " Is that a band ? Some kind of club ? You tell me , 'cause I don 't know . You are a very foolish man , " Mr. Brown . " Lying to us has the gravest of consequences . I 'm telling you the truth . I 'm not lying . Let 's begin with your alias . - Alias ? - There is no " Rembrandt Brown " in our computer files . A man by that name was killed 12 years ago in the Detroit uprising . You have obviously taken on his identity for nefarious , counterrevolutionary purposes . - ( helicopter whirrs above ) - Okay , look ... I can explain everything . You see , I 'm not really from this Earth . No , look , I 'm telling you the truth . I was driving along , minding my own business , when this crazy genius ... he zaps me into this big black hole . The next thing I knew , my car , it slams right into a giant iceberg ... oh-hh ... You admit to handing this to the taxi driver ? Yeah . So ? Listen carefully , friend . If you cooperate , I 'll fight for you with the High Command . Wait a minute . Say that again . What ? " I 'll fight for you . " ( fingers snap ) I knew I recognized you . Ross J. Kelly ? The shyster lawyer from TV . ( laughing ) I 've seen your mug a thousand times ! You 're always telling people how you 're going to get them a trillion bucks if they 've had an accident on the job . Like that big moose construction worker that had an anvil drop on his head . ( mocking ) " Ross J. Kelly got me a million bucks . " ( laughing ) It 's you ! ( laughing continues ) He knows you , your name , your civilian profession . How ? I don 't know . Officer : We have been infiltrated . What are you looking at ? All that stuff is wrong . I 've never been on TV ! Subterfuge performed by a master . He 's flaunting his inside knowledge to unnerve us . This man is highly skilled and extremely dangerous . He must be tried and disposed of as quickly as possible . Kelly : Quickly , yes . I have connections , and I know just the thing . We have determined your allegiance with fascist enemies of the state . Therefore , I hand over jurisdiction of your situation ... to " The People 's Court , " where you will be tried and sentenced . ( siren approaching ) ( siren stops ) Soldier # 1 : No moving there ! - Solider # 2 : You 've got five minutes . - Woman : This is an outrage ! - What are you charging me with ? - Keep moving ! What have I done ? I haven 't done anything ! Soldier # 2 : Get those people back inside ! Woman : Let go of me , let go of me ! Soldier : This is why I 'm telling you you die . Ready , aim ... - Woman # 2 : No , please ! - Soldier : Fire ! ( rapid gunfire ) ( woman sobbing ) We must find Rembrandt . I don 't imagine he went over too big at the ballpark . Yeah , we can 't maroon him here forever , he 'll never get home . Anyone fancy a kielbasa ? Professor , how could you eat at a time like this ? My stomach has no political preferences . Sausage . Sausage . $ 1 . $ 1 . - Do you have anything that goes with it ? - I do . Be careful , comrade . Guys ? Guys ! Guys ? - What 's going on ? - It 's the damn phone company . - What ? - I disobeyed their commands and now they 're after me . All right , just stay cool . We 'll get out of this somehow . Come on . Professor : Thank you . Quickly , comrades , come with me . Come on ! ( distant sirens wail ) ( helicopter whirrs above ) Wade Wells ! My God , it is you ! Thank liberty you 're still alive . The Soviets announced your capture three days ago . - Agent # 1 : You go west ! - Agent # 2 : Right ! Woman agent : Faster ! We have to keep moving . Feel good to be home , Commander ? ( gun cocks ) ( voices within ) Rebel : That 's good . That 's good . Rebel # 2 : Where 's the map , Lisa ? Wade ? Welcome to the revolution . Oh . A bad dream ? I was down in my basement . My mother came looking for me . No matter what I did , she couldn 't see me . She 's lost Dad ... now me . You 're not lost , you 're just misplaced . Don 't worry . You 'll see your mother again . Wilkins will see you now . Get any rest , gentlemen ? Professor : Oh , yes . I always sleep well with my arms tied above my head , you blithering idiot . I understand your resentment , but we had to take precautions . Your appearance here was highly suspicious , to say the least . Rebel : It 's not every day someone comes to us claiming to be from a " parallel Earth . " - But they believe us now . - Oh , they do ? And when did you become our resident expert , Miss Wells ? Last night , they wouldn 't believe a word that I said . Commander Wade Wells is a great leader of the revolution on our world . Wild , huh ? The Soviets captured her four days ago . She 's being held at the NoCal Federal Penitentiary . It 's a converted college campus now used solely for high-profile political prisoners . And it 's run by former Professor , now Citizen-General , Maximillian Arturo . Always a leader of men , no matter what the circumstances . Uh ... what finally convinced you that our Wade wasn 't ... well , your Wade ? Wade Wells is my commanding officer , and my lover . The two may look identical ... but I could surely tell the difference . - ( beeping ) - Wilkes : The rebellion is near defeat . Too much money and power on the other side . Too many upstanding citizens bought off or grown complacent . Freedom 's a forgotten luxury . Then for whom are you fighting ? The idealists who created this country . And we 've been at it a long time . Wilkins here flew for the airlines , I was a surgeon . There was no way to go back to our old lives . It 's liberty or death for all of us . Okay , you don 't have to answer me , but what was that all about ? " I can tell the difference . " What do you care ? We 're " buds , " right ? The United States , a conquered nation ? How on earth could that have happened ? It all began in the ' 50s when we lost the Korean War . The Sino-Soviet Empire swept the globe . First Indochina , then Europe , South America . We were economically isolated from the rest of the world . Their assets and technology grew while ours shrank and finally collapsed . Why , that 's the " domino theory . " In our universe it was the Soviet Union that collapsed . The Berlin Wall was pulled down , and Communism is virtually extinct . Sounds like a dream , doesn 't it ? We 're on the wrong planet , my friend . ( hip-hop music plays ) Comrades , comrades , get on down Get that grain right into town Serve the state and feed your people ... At ease ... Private . Gotta serve the state and feed your people 'Cause the individual is evil Comrades , comrades , get on down Get that grain right into town Serve the state and feed your people Because the individual is evil ... This is a joke , right ? No ... this is prime time . It 's pledge week , comrades , on P.B.S. So pick up your phone and pledge your support for public television ... or else . We know who you are . Doug Llewellyn : This is the plaintiff , Pavel Kurlienko . He said he was shocked when the defendant slipped up and handed him a counterfeit bill . And this is the defendant , alias " Rembrandt Brown . " Oh my God ! Quinn , Professor , get back here quick ! - Hurry ! - This is the case of " The Rat Caught in a Trap . " Now the plaintiff did his civic duty by heroically detaining his insidious passenger long enough for the authorities to arrive . The defendant dubiously claims that he is not of this Earth , and therefore shouldn 't be expected to abide by the laws of civilization . Bailiff : Will all parties and witnesses raise your right hands to be sworn , please ? Do you and each of you solemnly swear that the testimony you may give in the cause now pending before this court shall be the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? - I do . - I do . Thank you . All rise , please . You may be seated . I know you 've been sworn and I have read your complaint . Please take off your hat . Thank you . Sir , you say the defendant is a " treacherous terrorist pig " ? Is true , Commissar Wapner . He ... he give me this . - Did you give him this ? - Rembrandt : Yes , sir , I did . You know it 's the trademark of the Underground Resistance ? - But I can explain . - Explain ? What possible defense do you have to this ? Sir , I am a fan of " The People 's Court . " That has nothing to do with this . It 's completely irrelevant . See , this Earth is not my Earth , you dig ? It looks like it , it smells like it , but it is definitely not my Earth . Now this guy , " Q-Ball " ... - " Q-Ball " ? - Right , he 's got this gizmo which sucked up my Caddy into a wormhole ... I 've heard enough , I 've heard enough ! - I 'm not finished , sir . - You are finished , sir . Rembrandt Brown , I find you guilty of treason , and I sentence you to 15 years in the Alaskan Gulag , without the possibility of parole . - 15 years ? - 15 years . Don 't you mean $ 15 ? Now the defendant is on his way out of the courtroom . Mr. Brown , if I can ask you a quick question ? Obviously , Commissar Wapner didn 't believe a thing you had to say . How does that make you feel ? How do you think I feel , fool ? I am never watching this show again . Small claims my ( bleep ) Thank you very much . Right , now Officer Burrell has a few confessions you must sign . Rusty , get this man out of here . And with that , we will bring this case to a close . The litigants for our next case are now on their way into the courtroom . Your friend and our commander are being kept in the same facility until tomorrow . Commander Wells is about to be shipped to Moscow for a very public execution . Then we 're going to have to move quickly . What did you have in mind ? A raid . Look , kid ... don 't you think we would have already done that if it were at all possible ? Yes , but you 're forgetting ... the warden here , is on our side . What if they don 't believe me ? What if I 'm still at the office ? Your double works banker 's hours , Professor . Just play your part and everything will be fine . - I hope . - You hope ? He hopes ? Some revolution . Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! Man : Let 's go , people . This is our last chance ! Now , get it on ! Load up the trucks ! Load that truck . Let 's go ! Stupid , stupid , stupid . I could be at home right now , drinking sake and watching " Jeopardy . " Yeah , I know . It 's " Tournament of Champions Week . " I miss it , too . If they discover he 's an impostor , hit the ground running . And don 't be shy about using this . All right ! Let 's go , people ! Let 's move ! Come on ! Come on ! Let 's go ! Come on ! Do you know that if we fail tonight , the entire West Coast uprising will be extinguished ? Everything ... finished . Then we won 't fail . Citizen-General , sir , what are you doing here ? Since when have I had to explain my movements to you , soldier ? My apologies , sir . I was surprised to see you at this hour . I will overlook your impertinence this time . Now , open the gate . But , what are these trucks doing here ? - I have no authorization . - This is a surprise defense readiness test . Of course you haven 't been informed . Do you think if the rebels were to attack , they would let you know that they were coming ? ( tense laughter ) You will open the gate . And you will maintain strict radio silence . No one in that facility is to know that we 're coming . - Is that understood ? - Understood , sir . But , I will need the handprint identification before allowing your team to pass . Policy , sir . Your own , in fact . I have no need of you to explain my own policies , sir . Left hand , sir . ( computer beeping ) Computer : Lmprint identification complete . Maximillian Arturo , Citizen-General , People 's Army , Western Sector . Forgive the formality , sir . I was only following ... That 's all right . Just tell me your name . I 'll see you 're commended . But you know my name , sir . Lieutenant Karpov . You selected me for this post . Yes , of course I know you , Karpov . Of course I do . But since you 're pretending not to know me , I 'm pretending not to know you . ( laughs ) - Joke , Karpov ? - ( laughter ) Karpov , come here . Now , listen , ignore all warning bells and alarms . This test must be as realistic as we can possibly make it . I 'm counting on you , Lieutenant ... or should I say , " Captain " ? Put me through to the home of Citizen-General Arturo . Food 's coming through for the star from " People 's Court . " What the hell is this , dog food ? Bon appétit . ( laughs ) ( rifles click ) Open the cage . Ugh ! Oh ... Rebel : Get in the cell . I never thought I 'd be happy to see you guys . Hey , where 's the girl ? She 's ... off looking for herself . Oh . Huh ? We 'll explain later . Come on . Commando sergeant : All right , people , let 's move . Citizen-General is home ... in bed . - ( chatter ) - ( alarm buzzes ) Trouble ! Get those trucks over here now ! We 're on our way . - Wait ... what about Wade ? - She 'll be okay . She 's in the other building with Wilkins . Now move ! I 'll take the point . You guys cover my back . ( rapid gunfire ) Professor : Run ! Run ! ( grunting ) Wade ! Wade ! ( gunshots ) ( screams ) Come on ! Come on ! Move ! Hold on ! We 're almost there ! ( gunshots ) Sentry : Don 't let them go ! Let 's go ! Whoo ! We made it . It 's over ! We can all try to get home now . Wade ? Oh , God , Wade , no ! No ! Stop the truck ! Stop ! Quinn : Stop the truck ! Over here ! Now gently . Gently . Okay . Oh ... ! Somebody help ! Oh , God . Oh ... Give me some room . Step back . I don 't think she 's breathing . ( moans ) Oh , oh ... Man : I don 't know . What 's up ? Wade : Quinn ? What 's ... what 's going on ? What 's happening ? Wade ? Don 't look . Trust me . I 'm going to get you home . Woman on PA : Prepare to evacuate ! Attention , all personnel . Prepare to evacuate immediately Rembrandt : Amazing grace How sweet The sound That saved A wretch Like me I once Was lost But now I 'm found Was blind But now I see . Rebel : How 's Commander Wells ? Rebel doctor : The Commander 's dead . But the revolution lives on . All right . Close her up . I sure hope your computations are correct . Mr. Mallory , this may come as a complete surprise to you , but in the ancient days before computers , we had to do our mathematics the old-fashioned way . Ever seen one of these ? It 's called a slide rule . I 'm sorry , I didn 't mean to doubt you . So , would these calculations ... ? I believe that we can improve our chances of getting home if we return to the exact spot where we arrived . Golden Gate Park . Rebel man : Ammo 's almost fully loaded . Come on . Let 's get going ! Rebel woman : Come on ! Move ! This raid has given us a tremendous shot in the arm . We will spread across the country , and it may give others the spirit to keep fighting . Thanks to what you 've told us of your world , we know they can be defeated . You 've given us hope back . Good luck . I hope you make it home . Thanks . Quinn : We have no way to verify the condition of the timer . Assuming the Professor 's calculations are correct - and allowing for minimal deviation ... - Quit talking like a brain and say something that a normal man can understand . Now are you getting us out of here or what ? - Keep your fingers crossed . - Oh , sure . Stop ... you are in violation of curfew . Show me your papers . Now ! I don 't have time for this . ( groans ) - ( shrill whistle ) - There they are ! ( siren wails ) Quinn : Okay ... here goes nothing . Come on . Quinn ... ? We 're not gonna make it . Oh , man . Quinn ! We 're not gonna make it ! Yes ! Yes ! More power , Mr. Mallory ! - Quinn ! Quinn ! - Rembrandt : Come on , man ! Geronimo ! ( screams ) ( wind howls ) ( all groaning ) ( laughing ) Rembrandt : Thank God . ( snoring ) ( snoring ) Good to see you again , man . Quinn : Let 's go . Taxi ! Right here . Great . ( gasps ) - What is it , Rembrandt ? - That 's the guy that turned me in . Are you okay , my friend ? Don 't you know me ? Yes . Yes , I do know you . - Hey , I 'm getting out . - " Spinning Topps " ! You is " Crying Man , " no ? - ( Wade sighs ) - Why yes , my good fellow . Yeah , I am " The Crying Man . " You great ! Have all your records . Big price on black market for " Topps . " Yeah . Well that settles it . We 're home . Yes , sir . Professor : Thank you , my good fellow . Rembrandt , pay him . Here you go , " Pay-ville . " - Pavel : Do svedanya . - Yeah , arrivederci . This gate has been squeaking since I was 12 . ( squeaks ) ( laughing ) Yes . Oh . Quinn ! Thank God ! I was so worried . Oh . Honestly , I nearly called the police . You spend so much time in that damn basement , I never know when you 're home or not . Where have you been ? Well ... it 's a long story . Perhaps you and your friends would care to share it over dinner ? I 'm making your favorite . So , where are we going tomorrow ? - ( Professor laughs ) - Just kidding . So , " Crying Man , " you ever think about singing gospel ? Girl , I haven 't sung like that in 20 years . Maybe I still do in some places , huh ? So what do we do with this thing ? Professor : I never thought to hear myself say such a thing , but I believe we should consider destroying it . Einstein regretted that he had given the world the atom bomb . Oppenheimer , when he saw the first explosion , quoted the Hindu scripture , " I am become Shiva , God , the destroyer of worlds . " But think of the benefits . There are bound to be worlds that have outlawed war or cured cancer . Professor : And worlds where they have perfected war and developed new cancers . Maybe that 's why we should keep it a secret . If I found a place that was paradise , I don 't think I 'd tell anybody . Well , I 'd like to propose a toast . To wherever you live . Rembrandt : And whatever your struggle . To the revolution . And to the end of a journey . Quinn : Hear , hear . Rembrandt : I 'm so glad to be back I almost don 't even miss my car . Hey ... did I miss anything ? Hello ... Dad . What 's the matter , son ? You look like you 've seen a ghost . Cryin ' like a man - Cry like a man - As hard as I can As I can If you had a heart Maybe you 'd start To understand ( Rembrandt sobbing ) You 're breakin my heart here ! Spinning Topps : Cry like a man Wait a minute ! I feel a tear that 's coming out of this eye Cry like a man - Oh ... ! - Whoo-whoo-whoo And a tear falling from my other eye Cry like a man Brothers ... somebody Somebody hand me a handkerchief ! Please ! Cry like a man .
