 Welcome , students and faculty to Farber High School 's Groundhog Day Gala . It warms my cockles to see all the school clubs pitching in to make this day a success . I hate you . Your crappy costume is shedding fur all over my groundhog-shaped raspberry tortes . Oh , bite me ! No one wants your rotten cookies . - They 're tortes ! - Whatever ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! What 's going on around here ? Did somebody draw up a hate bomb ? - We 're high schoolers . - We can 't drink . We 're too young to have sex . Hate 's all we have . I don 't know about you guys but , I do not want to live - in a world full of hate . - Don 't sweat it , Lis it 's just good-natured rivalry between high school clubs . Yeah . Wyatt and I get along even though I 'm in the super-cool photography club and he 's in this lame , geek-infested model club . Hey , it is the diorama club . Modern figures set in naturalistic foregrounds and then blended into painted backgrounds ... - like miniature worlds . - Made by miniature brains . - Everybody hates them . - No everybody hates you . That 's it . There are bad vibes floating around this place . Looks like it 's up to the genie to show the humans how to behave . Time to erase the hate . Come on , little fellow . Time to come out of your house and see your shadow . Okay , folks , let 's put ' em together for Farber Phil . - Nature 's own prognosticator . - [ crowd cheering ] Oh , God , you 're a method groundhog this year . Well , it 's offical , Farber Phil has seen his shadow and we all know that means six more weeks or ... 12 more weeks of ... Great Caesar 's Ghost ! What 's going on here ? - Lisa , should we worry ? - Relax . I brought them here to teach you how to get along with each other . Their species has never been involved in any wars . They 're the most peaceful alien race in the known universe . Diorama ! Send those bastards back to where they came from . Got you . Damn force field . Not the tortes ! I told you the end was coming . But did anybody listen to me ? No ! Who 's got the last laugh now ? Oh , you 're bleeding . Come here . It 'll be okay , Pookie . - " Pookie " ? ! - What ? - You called Wyatt Pookie . - No , I said " Wyatt . " Yeah , " Wyatt , " that 's what I heard . I could see how you 'd get that mixed up . Mr. Wallace , Mr. Donnelly- - Come in here , it 's safe . What happened out there anyway ? - You said they were peaceful aliens . - I don 't know . I better check facts . I need my computer . Mother , jugs and speed , she 's one of them . Computer , identify the attacking alien race . - She 's going to melt my face off . - Don 't worry , - She 's not an alien . - She 's with us . She 's a magic genie . It 's time we came clean , Gary , with everybody . You may have all wondered how Gary and I , social outcasts and misfits for years managed to achieve basic social skills , clear skin and the occasional date with a cheerleader . Well , it 's because one night my computer , a lightning storm and the universe , or God , or somebody created for us this magical being able to control time and space - and grant us our every wish . - So , there is no reason to be afraid . In fact , uh , if there 's anything you 'd like to know I 'll open the floor up to questions . - Yes ? - Uh , so how come you 're not richest man in the world living on an island with Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell ? Uh ... - We , uh , never really wished for that . - Oh , so , what did you wish for ? I , uh , I wished to be president of the chess club once . It didn 't work out . Can your so-called magic genie save us from this alien invasion ? - Lis ... ? - Well , it 's not good . In fact , it can be worse . Turns out the reason the aliens have never been involved in any wars is that they 're such all-powerful space bad-asses that no one 's ever wanted to challenge them which , by the way , would be futile . I 'll save you , Wyatt . The marines have landed . All right , you slimy , laser-blasting freaks let 's see how well you aim with a windshield full of ditch boy hemoglobin-red . You aim like little girls ! The aliens our using our homeroom clocks against us . At 3 : 00 , when the final bell rings ... The final bell rings . Well , we all heard the magic genie . - I 'll go negotiate the terms of surrender . - Surrender ? That is just the kind of sniveling , cowardly decision I 'd expect from you , Ass-istant Principal Scampi . - That 's Principal Scampi now . - Then act like it . But we cannot win . They have every advantage . They know everything about us and we know nothing about them . Well , what about freezer 51 ? Yeah , you people have had an alien since the mid - ' 80s . We 've covered it up . Well , I 'm afraid you 've fallen victim to a bit of urban lore there , young man . Freezer 51 does not exist . That 's , uh ... that 's not entirely true , sir . When I see this we 've had an alien carcass in our school cafeteria for 15 years ? Why wasn 't I informed of it until now ? Uh , two words , sir : health board . If they knew that we were storing dead aliens right alongside the tater dots we 'd be in serious trouble . - I see . - Yeah . You had to be able to deny any prior knowledge . Well , it appears our extraterrestrial friend here is a lot like us- - breathes oxygen , requires food and is sensitive to heat and cold . - How can you tell that ? - It 's got a nose there 's half-eaten tater dots everywhere and his raspberries are pert . - How does that help us ? - It means if we can get to them , we can hurt ' em but outside of that all - we got is a dead alien on our hands . - Dead alien . Hmm ... GARY : Damn it , Wy , I 've seen that look before . I 've got an idea . Everybody come with me . He 's so smart . WYATT : Everyone ... we got a one-in-a-million shot of surviving here but we must do the one thing we couldn 't do before- - cooperate . By using the frozen alien as a guideline we 'll make a realistic costume and then , some brave volunteer can pass himself off as an alien infiltrate their spaceship and destroy them - before they destroy us . - [ cheering ] [ microphone feedback ] Students ... we 're about to try and pull off the biggest roll of the dice in the history of Farber . Farber ... that word should have new meaning for us all today . We have put aside our petty differences and united in a common goal . And perhaps it 's fate that today is Groundhog Day and that we are fighting to come out from beneath the wintry shadow of alien oppression . And should we win the day Groundhog Day will no longer be known only as a Farber holiday but as a day when the entire school district said in one voice , " We 're going to live on ! " We 're going to survive ! Today , we celebrate Groundhog Day ! " [ cheering ] Well , it looks pretty good ... but who are we going to convince to get into that monkey suit ? - Do we have any volunteers ? - Preferably someone without a family . - A chance to be a hero . - More like a suicide mission . You know , you 're not helping . - Anyone ? - [ negative murmurs ] All right . - I 'll do it myself . - No ! No , you can 't . I won 't let you . - Oh , be brave , little one . - Somebody has to go . It 's dangerous . You could get killed ? Send Gary . Okay . What 's going on ? You 've been acting weird ever since the alien came . - Nothing 's going on . - No . No , wait , Lis . I want to tell him . I can 't live this lie anymore . I knew it ! You knew Lisa and I decided to start dating ? Uh ... sorry , I was thinking about something else . - You mean , you two have been- - - Yeah . - Ain 't that a kick in the head ? - Suddenly , it all seemed to make sense . Nothing makes sense in this crazy world anymore . [ chuckles ] What about us ? I thought we had it going on . Serves you right for all those years you were mean to Wyatt . Mean to Wyatt ? I always treated him with the utmost respect . Get out ! Dog grooming hour 's over . Butt-veda . Snank weed . Hooker butt . Butt breath . Skank wad . Tub-bubbler . Pit-lick . Butticelli . Cheese bag . Butt cramp . I guess you got me . Someone 's taken the costume ? [ crowd murmuring ] Gary . Mmm , man , this thing 's riding up on me big time . Gary , don 't do it ! I have to . It 's my turn to be the hero . Besides , fighting the aliens and saving the planet is my only chance of getting some nookie . Isn 't that right , ladies ? Eh ? You mean ... I 'm doing this for nothing ? Hell with this . I 'm coming in . [ screaming ] LISA : Oh , my God ! [ screaming ] : No ! Five minutes until the final bell . The final bell ... will blow us all into oblivion . Well , that 's it ! I 'm calling the authorities . Scampi ! Scampi ! Scampi ! Chester ? [ Darth Vader-like breathing ] You should not have returned . - Let 's get you out of here . - Don 't . I 'm afraid it 's too late for me . I 've died . Go save yourself . Grow into the man I know you can become . Yeah ! You sound like my father . That 's because ... I am your father , Chester . You 're delirious . Search your feelings . You know it to be true . Your mother and I were passion 's victims before she ever met Wayne Donnelly . Holy monkeys ! I 'm a bastard . Holy monkeys , indeed . That 's why you were always there to ride me when I screwed up . I did what I could from Afar . And now , please ... Take off my mask . [ air pressing hiss ] [ coughing ] And now , my toupee . [ coughs ] You wear a rug ? I want you to see me for who I really am . - Father ? - Yes . Oh , yeah , one last thing : you have a ... a sister . It 's Lisa , isn 't it ? That 's why things never worked out . - We 're related . - No . Her name is Gladys and she lives in Pacoima . [ grunts ] No . No , no , no . Papa ! [ sobbing ] [ crying and wailing ] I 'm sorry I 've doomed your planet and got Gary vaporized . Are you mad , Pookie ? Nah . At least we 'll die together ... a couple . Uh , you know ? I 've been thinking about this whole " couple thing " and I don 't think it 's going to work out . What ? ! You are breaking up with me now ? Y-you couldn 't have waited one more minute and let me die a happy man ? Well , we said our relationship should be based on honestly . I 'm sorry . Hug ? [ bell rings ] The tension 's unbearable . Why can 't they just blast us and get it over with ? They 're probably just charging their weapons . Don 't let go . Gary ! You 're alive ! - W-what happened ? - They assimilated me . - You mean , y 'you 're half alien ? - Yeah . But more importantly they 're half me . You see , the reason they were so nasty is because they didn 't have a sense of humor . But now ... they 're hilarious . - Knock , knock . - Who 's there ? - Cantaloupe . - Cantaloupe who ? Can 't elope without a girl . [ giggling ] What ? Okay , so I started them out small . Yeah . [ giggles ] Uh ... look , man , I-I 'm sorry about the whole ... you know . Oh . Don 't sweat it , man . I just saved the world and I got me a lady friend . - Oh . - You got a date on the alien ship ? Oh , not just a date . - Meet the wife . - [ gasps ] Her name is Tetrahydrozoline . Um ... Gary ... a-are you sure about this ? I mean ... [ whispering ] : She is an alien . I 've never been more sure about anything in my entire life . Go ahead . Shake her hand . Um ... Hi . I 'm ... [ groaning ] Oh-oh-oh . Ooh-ooh-ooh ! He-he-he ! Ooh ... Mama ! - [ sighs ] - And that 's just a handshake , Buddy ' O Mine . Oh . Oh . [ slurping ] I 'm going to miss you , Pops ... Don 't worry . You won 't be forgotten . Your legacy will live . " Ass-istant Principal Scampi . " That 's " Guardian Angel Scampi " now . Don 't slouch , Chester . # Way out in space # # We have some special friends # # They tried to blow our world to hell # # But now they 're sorry # # You can tell # # They love us from the bottom of their 14-chambered hearts # # Come on , lemme hear ya # # Erase the hate # # Erase the hate # # Let 's save the universe # # Let 's save the universe # # We 'll put an end # # To all experiments on humans # # End experiments # # There 's peace across the globe # # We 've put away the probe # # It 's a close encounter of the loving kind # # Let the planets of the universe # # Take up ... our ... call # # Do they know it 's Groundhog Day at all ? # Captioned bu Grantman Brown
