 Are you ended ? - As never here . - Well . - Great day , that what ? - Like this . There is little additional . Relax . Finished to wrap . Calmly lie and thought favourably favorably on trip . Thank you . Stop allowing . Me I do doesn 't acquire the idea . If something this like this of my calculations ? This , they are correct . I still have to adapt miêdzywymiarow ¹ he / she pulls in step . Moment of wait . To reestablish allowing ! Maggie , fast ! We already go ! Q - it Plans , Colin , we only have 20 seconds ! He / she acquires hoter more and more . Cholera , ammunition zero . Faster - Go , go . Them - it is already the near , let race far away from here . He / she had success them . Again some disturbances ! This to himself this however it never puts in way . Are you entirely ? Like this . What did this go to explosion ? Where are they ? Move , then something was really . - Who are ? - Who are we ? Who are to the deuce you ? I am Quinn ... Quinn Mallory . This and she go faked like this to be to find ports for simultaneously existent universes ? This and she go was certain was to lower like this for a thousand different dimensions , besides , different in which everything is what are you in the same time the same person ? And if you would not know as coming home ? I didn 't make this sees him / it in laboratory . How did he / she make to himself what you arrive here ? Like me to himself what did I arrive here ? - What laboratory ? - On the one what do you count ? - Where it is Quinn ? It - The one what if it turned of Colinem ? Moment ! I said that I was Quinnem and I don 't make this doesn 't know any Hill . I saw in this somebody ... which this was ? Tunnel ? I stripe beat probably in him some and this after a little was suddenly of thousand his / her lance . And he disappeared then . I never saw something as . Was he with you ? Like this , he was with us . Like this ... what do you make here ? Are you of laboratory Freemonta ? Investigation on top of thermal walk ? We are not of laboratory . It will be enough , I have this enough . What did you make with our friends ? I didn 't make this does any thing , I don 't make this knows him / it even . I was unit of experience this strange subject , why I work . What again the subject ? You Para who works ? ! For Kromaggów ? Hide with this protects . Maggie , hold him / it supports . If it will kill me , Small Thomas will grow without ancestor . What ? Does want what you to say ? I don 't make this knows , I have some memories . We got married , we had the son . We Gave him / it after his / her ancestor fame , general . And you are Rembrandt , Rembrandt Brown , I am with you ab egg . You are for me as the brother . Brother . I have the brother . I Had the brother . You still maintain . I understand this this even . This place . This world was any thing . World in which was of Quinnem marriage and we had the son . Only we saw this and this only only before several hours . Outside of cogitation any any one goes together for of Kromaggami he knew about this . Do you suggest , what does this subject this Quinn ? Foolishness ! I don 't make this knows that he is but he knows thing , on which he only knew Quinn . This possibly some bend , which we earlier didn 't see ? - As he / she makes some twin 's brother ? Us - he / she Saw stranger things . This until so strange . Us - he / she Has six hours to set up in slope . - This for a lot . We know that they jumped to dig , there he / she doesn 't have none peeps different from there . To be maybe they landed in that in place different world . This already happened . If Colin he distributed himself in a thousand different commands , I don 't make this knows this where to begin mums to seek . I am terrified , Remmy . Like this . Me also . It is still something , night was when we lowered . Day is Now . - Portos had to disturb the flow of time . - Q - it Plans he would know what to do . If however he / she had success them , they assist this certainly to us in hotel . We are going to the city , it can we will find somebody there that he / she knows him / it and that he / she knows what became . There don 't have doesn 't matter . He / she knows people there me many . I only hope somebody knows him / it . He was null . " ARRESTED " Where of he / she makes this confusion ? Leave quickly , let to blow out ! I looked in mountain and I saw pale horse ! Horseman 's pile to himself Death , and box of Hell was close friend of him ! I promise him / it that end is already close . Look in the sky ! The storms , tornado , the earthquake of and it sets on fire eternally ! Pagans will change in ash , and pain will last eternally ! He / she resembles some Armageddon . What does happen here he / she ? How does it come goes I had this to know supposedly ? I will prove or Quinn and Colin that they reserved for room . Prove him / it in bar . We observed the stranger , magnetical storms in neighborhoods of period of Fora-cume Santa Clarita . In desert it rained additionally without pause before 17 days and anything display in that to this stopped . Thermometer will be today him shew approximately 25 phase like this they are and good he / she proclaims . And we returned to inform now in lost people ... What do you order ? Beer-assault of beer . And you ? Pass three , couple soon us will add . I have to return for laboratory . Geiger that waits for my report practice medicine . Geiger ? My boss . Practically this more that the boss , he cured me . Therefore , then laboratory this some hospital ? This . I don 't make this knows . OK . Them - he / she didn 't make this Still report . - Like this , this was not also them here . Like this which does our stranger ? He told about subject call something Geiger . - Thank you . - God the bar waiter ... Speeches me Hal . Good Hal . People round is plenty of nerve . Well I can say , still then end world . - At least majority with them like this thought . - And you this ? My mother on different doesn 't make this counts now . However me leaning that they try to pretend to be ... Do you want that to know what on this leaning me ? This some government 's conspiracy . The unit of secret experience guided at laboratory approaches by hand for city . I had cousin that worked there once and which him position to himself that also inquires . You conjecture that that he met ... They have device call Uniting obstructs there . It will be enough that you will be turned , and world is kneaded as depraved melon . Very curious theory , Hal . This is not theory , old . You store as everything was under the impression when did they make clone of in England this sheep ? This was only for show . They really made clone of people in Quantum through ostatnie quinquennium . And a more ... How does it come does here so much summer these villainous helicopters ? Ei , think , that this for you , light of turn . Like this ? Intact ? Was I intact ? Like this . Wrót of anomalies , what do make my lud lit thought ? Two people were there with me . This , I don 't make this knows them . Like this , they are with me in Grocer of Hotel . Well . They send after us car . He / she is safe , that doctor Davis he / she will answer in his / her all the questions . Quinn , I please am not so that anything is you . We Worried . Me my name is Diana Davis . I greet at Laboratory Geigera . I thank that you helped Quinnowi . It is very important for our project . Geiger that wants diligently with you to speak practice medicine . You he can take for laboratory ? Don 't do worries Quinn . His / her new family will is with me in my office . You can later us disappears . This - Well , touches were had was oddly in this place . - Right . Walk for me , me leaning that I will be in state to give him / her answer . I please am that me the , Quinn , see . I was not right that if it will turn when he / she will appear to himself additional pulp in vortex . However if it seems , that he / she had success . Like this ... did he / she lower work ? Are two people in you ? I understand that that this same you made the same inside tunnel that that our experimental object . This and pluribus thing unum that he / she doesn 't make this understand . Explain to us that that his / her experimental object there he did . Due to in circumstance I propose disorder upward in open cards . I am in that finishing . As assistantdirector is this I will try for laboratory to you to help . We are not the students , our friend disappeared . It is fire Quinn Mallory . If it seems , that his / her Quinn this his / her double . He was also with us Colin , brother Quinna . This long history . Truth is such that we are only walk . - Where are you plans to go ? Us - it Tries to return . - However a little to himself that this compiled . Us - he / she Had enemies many . Quinn Mallory he invented device to set up in slope , called clock . To the display to be visible numbers , 4 : 38 . This mark that we have 4 hour and 38 minutes for close in slope walk . - It is been we will neglect him / it ... You - it will Adhere in 29 years here . Where of you this does know ? This jeden of paradox " algorithms EPR . " Trivial . Our the most important alkali ab egg trip . Good , like this you know everything on us , now his / her turn . We worked on top of new device , which doctor Geiger calls Uniting bar . This complicated , us in caught object of shortcut for patient Healthy DNA with the deles / delas bends with different dimension . Quinn Mallory he was ours first experimental object . He suffered in incurable disease of muscular arrangement . Thank you it is paid in delivery healthy DNA it was inside to cure declares him / it ... Completely . I want to know that that exactly to himself with me does lie down there ? This if it turned to the that I made calculations along time me . We have to monitor before his / her several hours state they would be sure that was stable . Nothing doesn 't do was fear of need . If I already disappointed him / it ? This . There is a little . Let us look in measure conferences . Initial that sinuous phase usually looks . Did you feel extraordinary then something ? My lud in thought this , that I flew in some hole of spatiotemporal electron ? Look , at this time we reached us the state of maximum transfer . Of trop disremember . I only store that I saw two men . Conflict produced more energy that she could contain subject . Building this suffered person subject . - If he lives continually ? Me - he / she doesn 't do knows . He became probably " he / she arrested " in space-time . Arrested ? He / she is in unstable fabric of universe . This lives of they die of announcement will be mixed with jednego dimension to support . Life of they die of announcement ... ? Probably that he / she will have success us he to anchor inside some world . Will you say that you are capable this to do ? This this this it was this possible it was was to do , but I don 't make this knows or he / she will have success . Leave like this the thoughlet taste . - And the one what is of Quinnem , did he also arrest ? - Quinn , then that that different . When our Quinn he appeared to himself in his / her tunnel he / she had connections the some connection . Person of surface of the which sped up out it agrees with tunnel of our emergence Quinna , there now ... if it seems , that he absorbed entirely molecular lattice of his / her Quinna . Me I do doesn 't acquire the idea . Is this conflict drifted ? Obviously . My calculations are founded in opening wrót in different dimension . I stopped allowing soon afterwards , they would synchronize in our case of fashion side with opening of vortex in different world . There now those two ... They are not the unit of experience . They didn 't have the remoted idea that will become . They were the witness fastens the largest 's jednego the discoveries in history of science . That is unhappily unexpected the side effect of experience . Unhappily ? ! Our friends ' Jeden is arrested , and as it diffused the substance the different person . Really horibly me unpleasantly . Nothing will help if excusing . This for his / her equipment this if it turned ... this some " prison . " Like this the he / she liberates now ! You two nothing didn 't make this to be of foot a chance no . And does this have science to be ? Like this , the most advanced the science in cosmos history . Would they question that you are my race ? You Came to me in bath chair . You have little bed me thanks now . Jeden of them disappeared unhappily . He / she had to be Apparently like this . As it is however the whole time with us . He / she is in you . I promise that we will occupy himself this problem in laboratory . Will he / she have success he to solve ? I would like to confirm this , but I am not able to . I only can promise that I will do in my cardinality all that . Can we help somehow ? You count that you are not the students . However you are the miêdzywymiarowymi travelers , He / she is safe , that doctor Geigera this will interest . This . Outside of cogitation no . Their investigations don 't take any interest inside . We idled . Best occupies himself with our problem . He / she assures him / it , that is only inside put in the ground this where he was this possible it was was to solve . Trust me . I promise that I will make everything they would recover their friends . I trust you , as always . There now ... I have however some glimpses of memory that I do don 't acquire the idea . Peaceably of my calculations , this only temporary problem . Of the a time of race if it will turn second person completely for you absorbed . Look in that differently . You are now the key of creation screw life completely different , better . New universe . We can connect whole cities , even worlds . Dimension compression , which guides the connection of worlds she would cause in scale of space great catastrophe . He would have to count gentleman 's parameters for such infinite pulp . I greet at my laboratory , Mr. Mallory . You will find here conditions certainly they would uncoil the mind deles / delas . I am not right if we have to work with with end this world , but I feel as end approached . Trivial that she counted , they are not going this judge 's subject recovery Quinna and Hill that she was for them essential . Dictated her , that this only specific place in the ground . Do some peep different is ? Only to himself I on this ask . I think about this the whole time , the one that Quinn that he would do in our place . I cannot invent any unhappily thing . I am not Quinnem . Nobody is other . I solved to do in something . If you the people are not going this to gather somehow this to stiffen of in slope walk , I become . So simply ? Us this this should not discuss ? What does make for sense this ? There he / she doesn 't have any my world , I go can have who of announcement of success . Quinn ... well Quinn was my world . It is had to find the and Hill , this only here . If they are still here . We will make any thing , we will attack this moment . You become . I will also become . Certainly . And we will wait 29 years soon lit sinuous phase of trip . Speeches behind girl . I will be inside models certainly still . I know that you will be . People , we have to hold him / it ! - Who ? - Oberona Geigera . He / she is the boss of this place . I Try to connect with me worlds . I was only guinea-pig , rule testing that it Unites bar . This label the Quinn deles / delas he was rabbit.It I was Connected was on purpose of him . Now already all luminous . For creating new world Geiger it creates the quantum vibration in which is able of living . Thank you this no longer he / she is longer prisoner . As it comes I didn 't make this earlier on this he / she thinks . Because you earlier didn 't have ours friend in the person 's head . For Colin , Geiger that is prisoner in space-time . Only to exist maybe in field force at the person 's laboratory . She can unite in the reality of me different worlds , then he / she can bring for deaths billion people . He / she has to be held . Who is this going to do ? Us . Nobody will help us other . Diana , then great day . Like this , I suppose that you don 't make this comet a mistake . Do you suppose ? Do you know as I waited in that a long time ? Uniting bar executed miêdzywymiarowego miracle . He / she faked to join with different creates life mold . The next sinuous phases of experience this the now only subject of time . I want to know that this case did of Quinnem . Give quiet , I spoke to boy . Argue that we will execute him / her thanks the vague nouvelle of discoveries . He will go doesn 't go judges prepared in that intellectually and psychologically . It consists like this , that me nor . Diana , you were mine the best student . Undoubtedly . We had to work with with discovered today , why was this been own to sacrifice himself . Then hereinto of moment of homothetic when after once first Curie they saw shines in radio of darkness . Us as students have to be prepared in chance adversity . The chance adversity this jedno . The done Damage the people this any other thing . When Quinn Mallory came to us later once first , he could not walk and the doctors didn 't make him / it left any hope . Look now in him and act me world without hunger , without diseases . We thanks to Uniting bar can create such place . This Quinn double this only interim mistake . My relative calculation switchings dimensions are correct . And the one what of this according to Quinnem and his / her brother ? I promised the friends deles / delas , that we will do for everything that they would recover . There is little well . It is right , that only you will want to be present brow behind . Medicate Geiger , it finishes them to himself time . They cannot control the clock deles / delas . You didn 't make this thinks that they would be useful close our investigations ? Obviously . However comprehensible it is , that they don 't make this wants with us to co-operate . Still they have something that can us many teaches . Find out on close progress his / her resolution small problem . Diana , when only you will help with his / her new one friends , return here and continue his / her problem . I work on top of new problem for there is to Unite bar a little . Next connection will be administered in scale considerably larger . I wandered among worlds for so long . Project on top of which us not only we worked he / she will cause that this the ground will be better . I will be able to thank you this lives after all usually . You are me necessary , as never here . I know of workers this place and of of this this second person that is in me that Geiger is typical megatomaniac . He / she has to be at special room protected for of field of magnetical of force . Thank you it is the anchor in this dimension this . And the one what is field been is turned off ? That he / she will know him / it the same Hill . He is is arrested . The field of force circular Geigera , this the only hope in recovery Hill . You counted that we had to hold him / it . Like this . However he / she has to emit us first separate substances . Hour and 10 minutes . We have to find Diana . I have with you to speak . Necessary us help . Me - it Tries to help . This - it can lack us time in that . - His / her boss fraud was shown . Us - he / she Needs yours helps him / it they would hold . How does it come goes I had this to do ? And you are only assisting , where of you he / she does have which really knowed was here that we occupied ? Him therethrough made that that me no longer he / she is his / her assistant . Did you ask for me ? Mister young Mallory and our guests they pass was doctor Davis current upset . These experiences destroy life in that the ground . Geiger for all of the answers , the same of different worlds will do . You don 't make this understands that that us here we do . Therefore then you don 't make this probably understands any thing . It swallows me our guests . Deus Mallory 'ego also . Only you can us help . Before however you will begin to seek ours friends , hold this experience . If you are not going this does this , he / she is not going this is for us any chance . Geigera is tried himself he / she will drive , we are able to stop to exist . Geiger that he would like of seeing practice medicine . Walk with us . Mister also , Mr. Mallory . Woman this , doctor Davis . Only this ternary one . I greet at my laboratory . Me my name is Oberon Geiger . Forgive that I didn 't make this greets him earlier , there now I was very busy . I would listen willingly on their trips to compare dimensions . This - it Can with other time . Us - he / she only Has hour in slope for next walk . Like this , I heard to speak of problems of his / her clock . His / her assistant promised , that it will reestablish us our friends . I know that Diana wants this to execute , there now he / she judges unhappily , that her the hour of yak was you , then very small . However it can me I go can him / it help . Allow to finish him / her problem . How can you help ? Like you he / she knows that we guided here moved forward investigation on top of parallel dimensions . I have program generator that will be able to certainly to leave of allowing his / her clock . We would have forced this very a lot they would recover their time friends . You go can continue increase then the price . It will be enough that you will put in that platform clock . I am not this will separate clock . Nor me . Hard , like this in this case both they can holds him / it there . I assure that damage that if it won 't turn anybody . Obviously if you have some he / she idealizes different , I hear willingly . Mr. Mallory , will explain to me you what gentleman did do with these people ? What did become he / she ? Where is it ? This only presumption , there now we are probably " in any part . " Did clock stop allowing ? This . Clever , that you people are important , dangerous if something in this style . Me ab egg them distrust . As well as comedid no you inform on this me or protection ? I could not think rationally as moment of emergence in vortex . I try to be me , but the subsequent ... Return his / her habitual expansion of occupations . Me - no longer it is me . Me - he / she Has very a lot of race . We will speak when experience is is finished . Mijecie in him eye . When he unlocked sixth stamp , the sun was as villainous as cloth tying darkness , moon blushed as as blood , and all the stars in the sky if collapsed in earth ! Day of great rage came , who will dare he / she he / she survives ? ! Radar shows for us uncommon , in whole length of Cataliny even after Springs of Palmas . We Have witness peg that they saw powerful rays that cause fires . In period of Out-summit San Gabriel appeared wind 80 miles reaching per hour . Did I Never see something like that , and you Tawny ? I have restoration problem this formula . I don 't make this knows or I will administer this to do before clock it finished allowing . Where does he / she make Rembrandt and Maggie ? Geiger paralyzed with the beam of laser deles / delas . I don 't make This knows where they are . What ? It is not graced . I saw this . He / she was likely with me this morning . They can be arrested in tunnel . I think that you are continually disoriented after experience . Listen to me . He / she tells to you Quinn Mallory . This this that knows . Geiger arrested mon ami , because you would want that she helped him / it to hold . It will use if it approximates sinuous phase soon enormous cardinality . This can bring to I fail of this planet . Been gone discover that that exactly histories here . If it turns here as long as I returned . I wanted you to call there is a little . All of the conferences are so far in pattern . I ask myself that he / she says that gentleman precisely here does . Obviously . You eat certain you are , ch of ma reverse of ì . Before our experience with Mr. Mallory , our race in laboratory , she was clean theoretical . Hereinto time evener she prohibits this discovered me not to trust in anybody other . Even previous . I finished final calculations , which they will help to enter in our project in macroscopic horizon . Here the co-ordinates the Chance of Angeles with different dimension . Existing in city of parallel reality . The buildings of , area , the houses , cars ... People also ? My calculation that they show , that people of that city don 't go is even wise , that them only and the atmospheres deles / delas that it changed . Quinn Mallory that stores himself this of him position . Like this , however if it seems , that after several hours that this memory disappears . Our rebel , but however faithful assistant is again me . Diana , you saw during this project every step . You know me . You know my justifications . Now when success is intimate , you have to trust more than ever . City that arises in counting connection , will be better place . Better , bezpieczniejsze . And what is the one going if it is ? Even if however it will be then you throw in his / her will he / she swims spodziewaj ¹ cy people , you alter the life deles / delas . Who is you to come to a such decision ? They would already begin tense experience . We will speak to me later on ethical problems . Protection , here Geiger . Go immediately for laboratory doctor Davis , diffuse Mr. Mallory 'ego and it swallows me . If it seems , that this is not assisting it is as stupid as to himself that you of this waited . Subsequent Quinn is really arrogant , youth . Clearly also talented . Leave for Mr. Mallory 'ego in platform . What do you make ? I put Mr. Mallory 'ego in place , in which this won 't be able to disturb our experience . To activate ! This ! Stop her ! Diana ! Slowly part of back-scratcher . Throw protects and to it kicks me . This ! And he appeared close in the sky , big , red dragon of seven heads and horns ! His / her tail caught people and it threw with force completes on the ground ! And it can and this . I thank . Money of Ostatnie transfers of show of planet gear , that clouds missing completely , wind stopped ... It is so Tawny , if it seems , that we will be they had next typical day in California . How much the mum of time , Remmy ? Less than two minutes . I am going with you . This yak alone chance was me . Of which Quinnem that I speak now ? Let us make this for Hill , Ford and teacher . I Store that I am you blamed cadillaca , collection 70 annual . Are goods , gentlemen 's grzeczni still , we are comprehensible ? And you ? I don 't make this knows . You only have thirty seconds they will come to a decision . You are alone person that it can recover our friends . Since he with us goes , then also you would only recover his / her chance Quinna . This that does here , then only theory , we give for a chance the accomplishment of their investigations . I need several things . Diana ... let us walk ! He saved us again , in spite of that we don 't make this sees to equal him / it . I will be by hand for you to approach . Come on , the first it is once easy , burn in the other side , next landing .
