 Let 's go ! I apologize ! I 'm guilty ! It 's not funny : We scared to death it : I can not be a woman than a cat : I do not care whether you impact on others ? Why not meslide in solitude ? Oh , and people do not believe , write off it , as well as UFOs : Repeatedly Remmyja mistaken for Bigfoot : I would like a commission of psychiatrists who are after you had a job : We still 18 : 30 hours until the next Tackling : We need to study the place : This one city is not known : Wonderful Fresno , California : Moved I often and I lived here : I think it 's a hotel there : Maggie , so far you have not slid into his city : Will you show us the place ? Park , shop , post office : And that 's it : Do not you seem happy to have you here : What would you like to see ? Boarding school where I spend the holidays until I was ten ? Or my mother 's grave that I was not allowed to visit ? It 's Norman Rockwell , you know ? - Beckettovi Have left their mark : This street was called Oak Park Drive : And that is , I suppose , Oak Park was : At least it does not say " memorial park " : " For the brave who have reached the stars : In memory of five the first mission to Mars : They are lost in space , only God knows their fate : " Oh , Maggie : You seem to have been heroin : What you find web portal to a parallel universe ? slide to other worlds ? The year is the same , you also , but everything else is different : And what if you do not could find a way home ? Skater The girl from the city managed : Let 's say : Are you okay ? I know the procedure : It 's not me , right ? However , I find it creepy : As if looking at the plate on his grave : It 's actually cool : In this I the world was astronaut : And how can this Colonel : Not bad : Congratulations , Colonel : Better put you away : If someone recognizes , we will have to explain : What Maggie ? High technology : That explains the space program : We had plans to send people to Mars , but only for twenty years : Our did not come away from the moon : You will visit the library ? Right : You may learn something useful : You know what I would love ? I learned more about myself second : VISIT THE MUSEUM MAGGIE BECKETT Please , Remmy , can we ? Please : We have to pay him a visit : Okay : I love women in uniform : Maggie , you know that this is unwise : Oh , come on : I am here incognito : If you were somewhere in the Hall of Fame rock ' n ' roll , not visited ? That there is justice in the universe : It says that the aircraft disappeared on the way back from Mars : No one knows what happened : Finally we arrived at Mars : I walked by him : Well , it is : - Look At this : Look at those cheeks : Do not make me take care of : Is that your mother ? Yes : I almost forgot what she looked like : When was the slider , do not have any items : You do not have an album with pictures , family heritage : Just what 's in your heart : I am Mr : Xybo : It is all us inspiration : - Well , Of course : Welcome to our museum : Have you looked at movies ? We have many recordings of her childhood : All school events : Even gaffe during audition for Cheerleaders : I 'd like to see : Who is this ? It is the most influential man her childhood , father Thomas : Who is it handled ? So much for the public schools : You do not know where on the map of Canada ? President Adlai Stevenson : President Adlai Stevenson : It features a young Lieutenant Beckett in the White House : Maggie is so admired father that she herself joined the army : Father and daughter were very close , especially after the death of her mother : Due care and tireless commitment to her father Maggie found a call that her took into space : Oh please ! What ? Please , excuse me : I need some air : Hey ! What is ? Close ? They think we 're close ? He sent me to boarding school after her mother death , he did not want to worry about me : He was very caring ! Alternative worlds , remember ? It does not mean that the had the same attitude as you : Some things remain the same regardless of the worlds : Up is always up , fire is always hot : General was such : The real force of nature : Let blown off : Go to the library : I 'll meet you later at the hotel : Let 's go : Maggie ? It 's a little lacking to become an astronaut : After training for pilots I had to go and for astronauts : War broke out , and the general decided I belong to the first line : Did not approve my reassignment : He was right : Maybe : But the decision was not on it : About all he decided : You will not believe what I found : In this world , in 1944 , German army broke through the Allied lines : In Europe , the war lasted another three years : Gen : Eisenhower was dismissed places with commander : I became a war hero : - A Stevenson became president : What does that have to do with antigravity wheelchair ? PACT with aliens Again the yellow press ? - Here Not need yellow press : You 've heard all those silly theory , UFO crash in Roswell , collusion between government and extraterrestrials : We watched X-Files : What ? Really happened : Unlike Eisenhower , Stevenson has published it : He signed a pact on free Trade with Retikulancima : America has benefited from alien technology : I knew it : What ? - Roswell , Area 51st I knew that we are keeping something back : They ? You know who I mean : Black suits , dark glasses : I was in the army , I know what I can do : Remmy , I did not think believe in conspiracy theories : Yes : Polaroid-cameras , transistors , optical fibers : You think you 're alone all that up ? Velcro : But so is the space program made rapid progress : You believe that ? Yes : I became scientist because I believed : I had to discover some things : I 'll try to meet them : I do not : I hear they have a wicked weapon : I 'll stay here , steer views : Way to go : I 'll get the food : Great : Do you want chicken Beckett or maggirone with cheese ? Let me see ! Are you kidding me ? ! Oh , God ! In the next half hour , you can buy Maggie Beckett razors : In a sensitive space environment The hair can damage the equipment : With these razors never will not have this problem : Your feet will be smooth as silk : Order Maggie Beckett saucer over the next 15 minutes , you will receive : Hey ! What are you doing ? Let me go : I brought you lunch : You 'll chop my food ? I did not know what you want to favor : Why the knife ? Listen : Here 's the thing : In this world you 're a legend : Like Amelia Earhart : That 's not me : Well , your doppelganger : All you have to do with Maggie Beckett is worth : You have to order a memorial plate Maggie Beckett in 15 minutes : It is made of Japanese Porcelain with silk screening characters missions to Mars : Three hundred dollars for a small plate : Imagine how much tuft real Maggie stood : He 'd sell my hair ? The guy from the museum gave $ 100 for the toothbrush : You sold my toothbrush ? ! She was consumed : You little bastard ! Give ! You saw how naive : : We need to scammers somehow pay the hotel : What did you do ? Nothing : Something did : Let 's get out of here : Maggie : That 's a mistake : I 'm not her : God ! I told her not to go out : I 'm not your Maggie ! Let me go through : Keep it ! You two : Come with me : In the van : Maggie ! Who 's the victim ? How many times I have to apologize ? I did not eat : Now , I 'd welcome one maggirita : Wait : Who goes there ? Where are we ? What 's going on ? I apologize for security measures : Let them : Allow me to introduce myself : I am a leader : Great : Why would a world without a conspiracy should men in black ? I do not know : But we have less than 12 hours to find out where they were taken : Why did they take them ? Someone recognized Maggie : I suppose it would the government had nothing to ask : If the astronaut lost in the universe suddenly returns : Who is it ? NASA ? Aviation ? It is a good starting point : So , you are leader ? I did : I apologize , but the leader of what ? - Our-E : NASA ? That 's right : He surprised us your back from the dead : Yeah , about that : Were you 1 : 6 million kilometers from here : And there you are now here : The capsule is not landed : Do not have a suit : I can explain : I 'd love to hear it : I 'm not Maggie Beckett : Very her look like , but this is all a big misunderstanding : That 's what we thought : Maybe you have performed the trick to be benefited : That 's right : And how do you explain this ? This is a toothbrush : Yes : Purchased from a reliable source who said that your : DNA profile of saliva on the brush is equal to that in the military card Colonel Maggie Beckett : Welcome home , Colonel : I know that Maggie Beckett died : Did you arrest someone who is acting ? I do not know why anyone would have done : What ? I ? I 'm just a concerned citizen : Good : I called NASA , Aviation , CIA : Do not say that there is government that nothing is secret : What do we do now ? We 'll search the streets ? I get nervous , but I 'll call the police : We 'll give them a description of the van and say that Maggie disappeared : You might get lucky : Can you connect me with the police ? Do not move ! Hurry ! Come on ! Let 's go ! Come on ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Hurry ! - In ! What 's this ? Who 's in charge here ? I : What do you want ? Same as you , Mr : Brown : Find Maggie Beckett : Tell how you got here : - Your thugs were brought in : - On The planet : I have a few questions : Since NASA there are men in black who abduct other ? It 's for your own good : Yeah ? When think of it , I was at NASA : I do not remember such offices , not that put the bag on his head : Nor are employed pale mole for tests : And another thing : What kind of title " leader " ? Well , it is me : Actually I do not work for NASA : Most would believe the lie : Trust the government : You have a suspicious mind : Like : It can be expected after all you 've been through : - Prosim ? Big lie , of course : Suppress : Your heroic death on the borders of the universe : Now the world will know the truth : You will help me in this : We would be grateful if we help find friends : This is a really big mistake : It is not Maggie Beckett : Of course I did not : Colonel Beckett died when her spacecraft malfunctioned and disappeared 1 : 5 million : kilometers from Earth : We found them : We intercepted Satellite phone signal : What 's all this ? The army ? What are you looking for ? Your friends kidnapped dangerous man , if it can be called that : Due to the genetic composition dangerous psychopath : What does he want from our friends ? - Paranoican Is , all his conspiracy : It is believed that Colonel Beckett and others did not die in space : He thinks we killed them : What ? He and his followers considered that the mission was a fake : If the government had directed the landing Mars in Hollywood and then given to kill the astronauts that would not have uncovered the fraud : If you thought that our Maggie rights Maggie Beckett , the theory falls apart : Yes , but not to agree with him : They 'll say no astronaut : That 's it : So , it is more valuable dead than alive : Skeptics endangered species , friends : Authorities years of food people the truth : Openness , freedom access to information : Since then we have become weak : Company confidence : What about the relationship based on trust ? He can not survive : Become reluctant to lie which follow : Like the one about me : And that is ? Maybe you noticed my unusual appearance : A little sun good to you there : They told us that Retikulanci bring prosperity and technology : MRI scanners , pens : - Cicak ? - And It : But they have provided side effects of their technology : You are one of these side effects ? 1960 the government began used retikulanski DNA for powerful vaccines against childhood diseases : Measles , polio and tuberculosis completely have disappeared : That 's good : Only for 99 : 9 % of the population : What about the remaining 0 : 1 % ? What about children who are taken Extraterrestrial DNA and was cast out ? Yes , I have increased brain capacity , third nipple and much more : But the women do not really like it : I think you 're attractive : - Don 't : I realized that a government that does so children ready to do anything : I founded this organization : A secret society committed to the elimination of Network conspiracy that only I can see : Any luck ? - So Far I do not : But will your lifeless body be sufficient evidence : Pause ! One of your value is that you are crazy ! Your sacrifice for the truth will be remembered : Glad to see you : - And Us : Are you okay ? Yes : Who are they ? Dad : Dad ? What are you doing ? Do not move ! You lied when you said that will help ? Maggie ! You can do it ! Put it down : Yes , sir : What to do when the front you something that is not possible ? Experience tells me nothing reject : You might be surprised : This is more than a surprise : DNA analysis confirms that you Margaret Allison Beckett : But the wife is dead : I may have her twin : That 's impossible : How can you know for sure ? Because I was in labor : I did not know : Maybe you 're a clone : But who owns the technology ? It certainly is a fool sivoglava no : I 'm not a clone , sir : For me the second time so talking : You work for the military ? I worked : But you have been " Mr : " much earlier : I do not remember you had a family picture in the office : You always said it 's not professional : You 're not my daughter : You do not know how many times I tried to convince herself : Who are you ? Maggie Beckett : I thought we were canceled this option : As I said , the truth may surprise you : Surprise : I can not believe you defrauded the government pawn : What makes you different from them ? Snatching them , wanted to kill Maggie : I did not want : Do you think we tried in other ways ? In order to ensure people to cheat the government , We should show the body one of the astronauts : We tried to make them from various compounds genes : We could not : Why prove something you are not sure that is true ? I know it 's true : The government could not allow that mission to Mars failed : They opened the way to the stars : Maybe even I went to the planet their ancestors , where I fit : But they would not allow it : What ? What is ? I apologize , but I thought I Ever meet someone like you : Freak ? Inhuman creature ? No : Someone who proves that the universe is not empty : How do I do that ? - Your Face evidence : For me it is empty : Maybe we can help : How ? It 's a secret : But is not it what you suspect : What 's this ? - Room Full of ghosts : Appropriate place to talk : Despite all that I went through , I am still the same fear you : We have not met before : - In This world we are not : I 've had enough of this game : I do not know who you are not what you want : But you 're a danger : You think I 'm going to be different because you look like her ? You 've always been different to me : He forced me : He asked me more : And that got me less loved : How dare you say how much I love your daughter ? I do not know how much you loved her , but I know how much did her little pointed : You think I went into the Marines because I admired you ? That 's enough : Because I wanted to go in your footsteps ? I 'll tell you something : I went into the Marines because you noticed only when I wore a uniform : You never embraced : Trying to grieve ? That 's it ? This is some kind of sick of the trial ? Yes I realize that I was a bad father ? You said only I myself can not judge : And I did : Over and over again : My daughter and I we patched things up : I do not believe : Who cares what you believe ? ! It was a long time ago ! Why would you change ? Because I lost you : A parent should never outlive a child : It 's awful : After his wife 's death , you : Maggie was everything to me : Then why did you push me away ? Dad ? Why did you send me in boarding school that I brought up the party ? I do not need you justify their actions : I wanted my daughter be well-behaved : If you want something to be well done , do it yourself : I never thought I could : That 's it : Who are you ? I 'm Maggie Beckett : Enough ! You asked how I know you 're not my daughter ? I know because I watched while dying : In this room ! I could not do anything ! Sir ? What happened to her ? We have not lost the spacecraft in space : They returned to Earth alive : Barely : Halfway back we found error in radiation protection : Slowly they were killed Solar radiation : Oh , God : And before them was still six months time : Six months cognition to slowly cooked alive : And nothing we could do , just watch : I 'm sorry : I did not want to go : I did not want to risk to lose her : I could prohibit departure : Why did not you ? Because it was her dream : All his life worked for this mission : And when she got out of the aircraft , my daughter on another planet : I can not describe I was so proud : Then why do it you 're hiding ? - Want that the world is harsh remember ? In agony , very distressed ? She knew the risks : - Pamtit Will as a hero : - Yes Hero : Enough ! Now that we know who you are not , will you tell me who you are ? You are visitors from another dimension ? Crazy , is not it ? Maybe not : My theory is that in the same way Earth arrived Retikulanci : This would allow interstellar travel : Tell me how : I could : If you want to : If you help us , we 'll give you proof : This is the journey possible : Looking for me to give up his life 's work : Your Maggie gave me a chance to finally expose a great conspiracy : What ? Are you all these years find any evidence that the government muti ? What do you want ? Continue a willful persecution of government ? Or find people who you created ? We can help you : Do you have another two hours , and then the opportunity disappears : Please : An amazing story : - Istinita Is : What is in your world happened to your father ? On the diplomatic mission crashed His helicopter : They all died : Then I lost six : They were good Marines : Before the fall never Maggie said that I love her ? Just because you did not say that : I scheduled a press conference for half an hour : Why ? Yes finish : You will tell the world that you 're phony : You act like Maggie Beckett to cash in her glory : You can tell the family and Friends of the pain caused : I pretend to be this did not happen ? I will not : You will do as I say : You 're not my father : And if you did , I would not : Then a further stay in custody : You 'll miss the tackle inside : You 're sending me into a fine in the room ? You 're so acted according to Maggie ? You 're her obeisances ? - Pocivat Will gracefully : These pissing her dignity this circus , not me : She is a hero : Because of your life , not death : I believe that doing it for her : But she does not want : Look at me ! I know : Mr : Xybo ? What are you doing here ? Friends are waiting for you , you have only 37 minutes : Great : Let 's go : This is it , Dad : All are related : The computer is managed from Houston : You should be able to us connected to the space station : Before I sign out , know that nothing I do not regret : We did it , Dad : We walked after the second world : Let no one forget : I will always love because What did you let me go : Intrepid out : Why are you doing ? - I Was engineer on Intrepid : I designed protection Radiation to the capsule : Not your fault : Actually , I did : It has long been trying to come to terms with it : That 's why I founded the museum , as a penance : When I first saw you , I thought it is a sign that all was forgiven : Or that I 'm crazy : You 're not crazy : Now I know : But it is a sign : If people have not forgotten : No , I have not forgotten : Look at you ! Where have you been ? At the time we arrived : We have a few more minutes : What 's he doing here ? - It Seems that The leader changed his mind : Not really : You thought I believed in stupid story about Tackling ? Anything I heard in my life , but : It 's true : Truth is relative : I need you to create my : Back in the van : All : You said that you will not let them : How many times I have to say ? Do not believe everything you hear : Hold it ! I said , stop ! What 's he saying ? Get out : I take full responsibility for this deception : I nicked the people of this country , and astronauts Intrepid : Today I announce documents and recordings which will show the true The fate of the astronauts : What is he doing ? - I Robs you the limelight : You 'll see the true the depth of their character , their strength and heroism that you will memorize them : What makes them I have the honor to remember : That 's all I have to say : Thanks , Dad : Do not be sad : There are still many secrets : The proof first : Not iskrivljujte truth so that and yourself forget what you are looking for : Wait : This is your : - Hold It : Thank you : Can you do me a favor ? Fix the window : - Can :
