 Previously on slider Who the hell are you ? - Quinn Mallory He took part or even the whole subatomic structure of your Quinn I have thoughts and memories I do not understand Are these two people ? Oberin Geiger ! He collapses worlds It will destroy everything and kill billions people , It must be stopped Geiger is unconstrained in space-time I 'll go with you , It my only chance And you ? - You Need a few things I will Watch out ! Good catch , boss Great game ! See you tomorrow You make friends ? Guys from the fraternity It 's good to be on your feet , I never thought I run on the offensive I am glad that you enjoy , but your and my Quinn still are in this body I can not split them empty lithium batteries We still have 56 hours If this world close your as you say hotel Chandler should be in this direction Certainly , In quantum matrix are only minor fluctuations , is not it ? Mommy ! I 'd say is to increase the turnover Mommy , look what I today made at school I , It 's nice , but you 're mistaken , small , I 'm not your mom Come on , Mom , Seriously I 'm not your mom No , you are my mother ! Are ! What a mother are you ? Good , Come on , We 'll find your mom , It 's okay It 's okay , honey , Let me see Do not get upset , Beautiful pictures ! Are you alone made ? - Nadine ! It should be removed - Nadine ! Why ? That 's why What you find a portal in a parallel universe ? If you can slide in a thousand different worlds ? Where 's the same year and you are the same , but everything else is different And what if you can not find the way home ? Skater I suppose it is she yours ? Thank you Honey , I told you not leaving playroom until I come But I saw you ! Otherwise a very obedient , I guess struggling father 's side Oh , not at all a burden It 's beautiful , Thank you Do not forget this , Thank you Honey , it 's me do ? It 's wonderful Let 's go , Let 's leave these people alone But she is a woman just like you APPLIED PHYSICS Hallucination ! That was me Your counterpart in this world , Get used to it Means that there is another you ? Yeah , but you did not even her type , Mallory What audacity , Beckett ? My name is Quinn , Get used to it I knew one Quinn and no similarities , Menu 're Mallory Ouch ! Tonight we will be so have fun ! Watch your step Let 's go , Ready ? Intolerable quantum fluctuations This is like the world with that I know , Type with that and with Ape ! You will be delighted , Come Leading to have a current of 110 volts Quinn , come , You 'll miss , Quinn ! What will I miss ? What ? How did you call me ? Not at all , Are you okay ? I did Let 's play , I do not know but Quinn always knew hit the lucky numbers Come on , Quinn ! - Happy Weeks , the Q ! Be careful ! Hey ! What is ? - No What happened to him ? Why do not you ask me ? What happened down there ? Some déjà vu with the killer I stood you , and the next moment I He was standing next to you The hotel was the same I played roulette with Remmyjem and Maggie but I do not play , It is for suckers , As to the incredibly clear remember something that did not happen Take your shirt off What the hell , That could earn fall , Looks like a burn Someone shot me , What ? I was at the table for Roulette , Big , ugly guy He thought he was cheating on maps so he pulled a gun and shot me What is ? That happened to Quinn Our Quinn I understand how Mallory remembers something that happened to Quinn But how is possible that scar ? Fluctuations in Malloryjevoj quantum matrix are increased Again these fluctuations After the Mallory and your Quinn connected wild emissions boson in phase matrix , Okay Quinn and Mallory fought for dimensional reality One body , And Mallory is won , Let 's say Its structure prevailed , and Quinn overslept Something awakens , - The Scar Quinn 's body remembers who he said , He is trying to get back , It you want ? Restore your Quinn ? Just because you have me take with you ? If there seems to separate by Quinn , And if no ? What if you can get one Quinn per customer ? What do you want ? That 's what I thought , Feynman reactor high energy particles the most advanced fusion generator on the planet We strive to produce energy equal big bang Therefore , please ! Read the instructions before use , How much maximum Planck Energy can submit this reactor ? 10-19 gigaelektron-volts , But at that level we can , You tried to modulate the size of the 11th dimensions to reduce the Planck length ? Excuse me , are you on this year ? Hey , Can I , How did you feel ? I 'm so tired , Hard to sleep because I do not know who my dreams , and that his , It is because of this place , Returns you Quine memories , It 's your theory or Diana 's ? Makes sense , Then , where is the good doctor ? She went to university to see whether this restabilize their equipment , Do you want to re - stabilize , Maggie ? I , I do not know , I miss Quinn , Come , I want to show you something , Come on , I do not like surprises , Now I know that it does not speak Quinn , He lived for them , Welcome to the passenger Agency Chandler , World in one room , Quantum fluctuations by Diana revealed : technology this little world is more advanced than yours , Well ? We 'll travel , Put your hands on this device , Why ? Surprise , Nice place , A little prebjelačko for my taste , This is not real , In the hotel I ! Down , boy , You 're right , In the hotel you , This is a hologram , It 's scanning you thoughts and show you where you want to go , This is my street , It is our house , Here I have lived , What are my parents , Before , They look so young , Why are we here ? - Teže the privikavaš slip , Known to you environment could help , I do not know what to say , I guess thanks , - Get Rid will this problem , Mallory , You can not , What ? No ! Do not you see ? Doug , we 've talked ! Not Nadine can get this weekend , Because the judge said so , Do not threaten me ! You can not we make life more , You can not keep a check ! That 's blackmail ! Doug ? Congratulations , You just managed even more miserable , Yes there are no hotels which stimulates memory , Mallory might ceased to have a vision , Hey , Sorry , Good idea , Stimulus likely exacerbates the effect of fragmentation , Any luck on university ? Maybe , They have more than superior chamber for the fusion reaction , But I had to lecture to I had used , - Vraćaš To school , Let 's see how the young man , For God 's sake ! Mallory ! Get away ! Hologram , Yes , but what is it ? KROMAG , Why would earth summoned KROMAG ? Do you think I am ? Not never even seen it ! How then ? What do you think ? I served the passenger agency and again began vision , Nightmares , I 've seen some place , These are things we overran home , They took my mother , They tortured you , And this is possible , I saw a man , a friend , They shot him in front of me , Oh , Professor , I do not know who it was , but I 'm so meant that they could not stop suffer , As if losing my mind , Both of reason , Do not worry , I 'll go back to university , What are you looking at ? Sorry ! Lord ! Wow , Who are you ? Can you believe it ? Never , We could be sisters , What 's your name ? You study here ? Wait , Sorry , I am Diana Davis , My friends call me Didi , What do you do ? - What Do you think ? What I saw , What he saw Quinn , KROMAG attacking worlds , The people you care about dying , You have no home in which to go , This is not just a job , but also an adventure , When I started to skate , I thought I know everything that is important in life , My father taught me to be more important political contacts , but friends , Rembrandt , Colin Quinn , They are friends that I thought I would never have , I would not have changed , even if I could , Come on , Take my hand , Close your eyes , Believe me , Do not be afraid , Open your eyes , What 's this ? You said you were Quinn 's eyes saw only ugly So let me show you something good , I should feel better from shirts pleated edge ? Over here we went to prom , - On The prom ? It 's hard to explain , Quinn and I stuck in this world in the form of balloons , A lifetime , No , you look so old , Thank you , I lost my home and this I was skating allowed I have to go again , at least briefly , I 'm prom lost innocence , - Žalim , Stud , But you will not get drunk of holographic booze , Damn ! And I have holographic condoms , I 'm not adopted , Mother was always whine how much she hurt as I left , Large head , Better to get back to the lab , They say that everyone has a duplicate , but the chances of it not meet are astronomical , I guess we 're lucky , I guess so , Then , going to school here ? Yes bar , I had to give up when Nadine born , I work in Student Services , What about your husband ? Do he , I do not have a husband , Only I have no taste for men , Doug enjoys all aspects paternity , except in payment , And your parents ? - Bogati , But do not take money from them , They did not want to keep Nadine and do not talk , I studied physics , Before I gave up , It became severe , Prof , Dillon me almost devastating , And me , You want to understand limitless concepts , circumscribed minds ! I switched on American Literature and I met Doug , poet , But you 've endured with Dillon , Barely , And I thinking to switch , And then I met someone answered me , Man ? No , one might say mentor , Dr , Geiger , Took me under his wing and inspired , I wish I met someone like that , I 'd better go , See you ? Hey , what 's your name ? Maggie , Quinn ? Remember ? Of what ? Think about it , Remember you 've been here ? Do you remember that next song on the radio ? So that 's it , You get me on romantic ride into the past and wake up your Quinn , No , just , Bring it back , and I disappear as if I was gone , No ! I just need to know if there ! What if I do not want ? I can not live like this , I can not be two people ! Quinn ! Quinn ! Not me , This is Quinn ! Fragmentation is deteriorating , Something is pushing them even further from the stage , It 's my fault , I thought I could restore your Quinn , I was pushing , It 's okay , Today I was in the lab physics , Maybe their fusion reactor create dimensionally stable balloon , Like the one in which he lived Geiger ? And if you can not ? The difference between the phase will become so great you will not be able to survive even as Quinn is not as Mallory , He , in fact they could to bulk as Geiger , In any case , not can live as two people , This he told me , Maybe we have to choose whom we will save , Well , go on , You 've got 21 hours , Diana ! Is there anything else in the game ? I do not know ! It is not enough to watch that Mallory does not fall apart at the subatomic level ? Come on , you know what I mean , Something happened today ? Does this have to do with what did you see his look-alike ? I ran into her at campus , And what happened ? She thinks I 'm cool , He thinks is a cool cosmic coincidence she met some of the same , To us is destined to be friends , That 's a relief , Is not it ? She 's not me , - no Need not be , She left college because it is knocked buttboy with poetry , Working for minimum wage and has car that drives 30 % of the time , Listen , I was in a lot of worlds since I started with this game , And I 've seen different versions of yourself , It 's creepy , When you see how you feel life might look like , But you can not judge another Diana by the standards of that You 're giving yourself , Why do you think it more wanted your life ? Just , But her life is so difficult , What if Dr , Geiger was right ? If I had the chance to improve this universe , and I missed it ? Good , Let 's go , 1 25 % , I 'm not asking too much , Good , Stay steady , Come on , stay stable , Come on ! Stabilize the hell ! - Diana , Diana , God , Dr , Geiger ? Dr , Geiger ? Can you hear me ? There is no need for shouting , I 'm here , Would you try to alleviate electromagnetic restraint flow of particles ? Much better , Glad you again , Diana , I experienced true adventure since we did not see , Since you betrayed my confidence , Doctor , But let it go , All is forgiven , Very clever , Created You 're the dimensional bubble , You figured out that the natural that attract me the most stable part of a multi-universe , But this is not my lab , You brought me here by accident , Since your blocking field destroyed , - Since you you ruined ! I went through dimensional wormhole with Mallory and others , I skated with them , Why ? I do not know , Time was running out , I could not disassemble Quinn We have merged , I could not just let go , I promised that we will , - You Promised ? And your promise to me ? I have given you the secrets of creation , Obviously we were not overly loyal when did you decide to leave , My years of work wasted , My quantum core sent to undulate like a leaf in the wind , Diana , Look what you 've done to me , And the lies that you told me ? To create a better world , We - Stvarali , A better world for you , and the rest of you ' go to hell ! No , You had your place , Why would I want to place in your world ? And why not ? What would left behind ? Alienated from family , without ties , You just had your job , Me , Good morning , House security said to have you here all night , He thought I was you , We could perform nasty mischief with this , Coffee ? Did you talk to someone ? No , I guess I get a little energetic , Thank you , No problem , Do not overtax it , Fascinating ! Alternate version of you , You start to be and fraternize , Dear said , No doubt , Hard-working , good mother , a real fighter , What ? I travel a lot , Remember ? I have seen other versions of you , Many , many , What ? Let 's see if I can shoot such as this Diana Davis , She gave up college because could not handle the pressure , Free , low-paid job , Has whether these twins or just one ? How to ? - How Do I know ? Because she is you , Diana ! All of them are , A person who would have been you have not met me , If I had not given the meaning of existence , lived the same life meaningless , as countless other Diana , Do not you feel special ? Doug , you can not ! - Talk To your lawyer , Wait , - Dovest Will on Monday , Goddamn ! Do a Child , Van , Get out ! What ? Get out ! Movement , Come on , it 's too late , Good , Come on , That was uncomfortable , I took almost all your data before I slide out of our world , With equipment in the lab , we could continue research where we left off , Yes , but ? But this time keeping the original experiments , For that you said that he goal is to create a better world to people as Mallory walking again , To Diana Davis this world to benefit that you had ? - That 's The deal , Plus , you have to help me Undo what we did Quinn , Mallory , To bring them back where we are found them , What if I refuse ? When do we start ? Yes , and I miss them , I never thought how much responsibility is assumed Q , We are always from him expected answers , assuming you will think of something , Ordinarily , and came up , Yes , It 's a lot for a young man , He took care of us and brother Colin , Crazy farmer youngster ! I keep expecting to I will look at the counter and see them both to sit there , Well , - Mallory ? Are you okay ? Better , Hallucinations are gone , At least for now , - Mallory , I 'm sorry , I was selfish , Forget , - No , But , time that we Quinn and I spent in this world , The life that we had , As that I was home again , If you give up trying to get back Quinn , I will give up the opportunity for this life , And I will never return home , All right , Anyway , I 've never enjoyed that shit from the school dance , But if I went to prom with you , I think I 'd have a fair hands were , Enlarge show boson for 0,0061 % , Are you sure ? Twice I checked , I do not believe the data ! In the center of the storm alone , I feel the flow of particles , You do not have enough power to spread the balloon more than five dimensions , This , it , Yes ! Now ! Something is wrong here , The field strength exceeds the scale , The field strength was just as it should , How to , - Increased emissions boson , Just what the doctor prescribed , Spread is stable dimensionally balloon outside the reaction chamber , Now you can feel free to move about the cabin , At least for a while , Tricked me ! Thank you for your help , Now I can take , What we have done in this world ? What did you want to do ? God , - Did ? Who are you ? Arrest her , Wait ! Didi , that 's me , That 's not my name , How did you get ? It 's okay , I study here , Do not you remember me ? Students are banned here , This is a strictly guarded area only for military use , I will repeat the question , Who are you ? I 'm Maggie , That 's what I I , Maggie , Remember ? Why you play me ? For whom are you doing ? It 's not for anyone , Think about it , You know me , I know your daughter Nadine , I do not have a daughter , What ? Take her , Use the other door , Hold it ! You did not clear , What the , Where was I thinking ? I held him in the reaction chamber thinking that it can control , Wrong ! - Promijenio The equation , He expanded the balloon , I know that you are new to this and you will sin , But you must understand that we team ! Why did not you call ? I saw her live my doppelganger , I could not handle it , He destroyed her academic career , life , So you think to fix it , In our world , Geiger and I , We have done that Mallory walk again , We combined healthy gene parts dimensional duplicate the the quantum matrix , I thought to apply the Nadineina father , Genes are connected in honest Lordship , But it was not so , I should have examined the probability of all possible outcomes , That he is responsible , might not even pregnant , She had a daughter , Perhaps nothing could not turn away from the career , Not only that , Different It is difficult , suspicious , It is not a woman I ever met , No of her child ! I had no right , I can not control your life , Why I think someone else can ? You can not convert a in what is not , And Mallory ? I 'm not sure , When Geiger stepped field , it is sent quantum waves in the whole universe , Maybe disrupted the equilibrium phase in its rekombiniranoj matrix , That it is clouded , We have a 32 minutes to resolve the confusion , Geiger has expanded balloon and included a large part of the lab , We get you there Mallory , maybe stabilize him , How do we get in ? Thanks to you , the lab is strictly guarded military research center , I should have the same fingerprints fingerprints and retina as my doppelganger ? Let 's go , You 've got three minutes to do what you must , The balloon is more stable , Good , He also , How do you feel ? Okay , A little painful , but probably because I had lunch sandwiches , It is good , - Dokad ? - Kvantni waves which are destabilized by restricted on this dimension , When the slide will be as before , Sounds good to me , Let 's go , Okay , I have to solve a few things here , If you return the quantum matrix to Defaults , We move from here , Get away from the console ! What are you doing ? Please , For that time you will not remember this , I 'm calling security , Wait , Two minutes and We will not bother you again , No ! What does not ? It 's locked , I can not change the settings , Why would changing the settings ? We expect anyone else ? You created this world , Did not you want this ? I was wrong , You 're wrong ! We must return to its original state , I loved this place , It is good to continue my work , Unlock computer , Or what ? This place may be rather embarrassing for Mr , Mallory , And for you , Stable field collapses , - No , What have you done ? I have the security code , I canceled the lock , The reaction chamber is corrupted , Diane , let me stay here , Let me go back into the system , What happened to him ? I 'm calling security , Do not ! I know this is crazy , but you have to believe , My work and this equipment can change your reality , I tried to improve it this world , but I screwed up , I changed this , What ? You have a daughter Nadine , It 's beautiful , Every day pick up the playroom in the second I took your part life and I want it back , You 're crazy , What do you think Geiger just happened ? Look at me ! Not disguised spy Diana Davis , I told you ! Ten seconds , No ! It 's time ! Go ! Come on ! - Nemaš no idea what you 've done ! Diana , we have to go ! No , I can leave this world like this , You have no choice ! Come on , You must think you screwed up badly , Maybe you are , You are a man , It happens , When you make a mistake in the lab , people disappear from the earth , This is not a lab , It 's not , I do not know if I can continue , You can , Your job is not completed , And we need you , I need you , Do not forget that we are a team , I will not forget , Never , Drink , Skate for an hour ,
