 They 're going to deck two ! What is it ? - lijevo From boat something floating in the water , sir , Give us ten steps left , Slow down to half speed , Let the people arm themselves for Just in case , Yes , Captain , This way , ma 'am , Thank you , This way , ma 'am , Thank you , Yes , sir , Tickets , please , Just kidding , Tickets , please , For years I wanted to tell someone , Welcome aboard , I 'm Captain Thompson , - Zahvalni We have , You were lucky , How did you end up in the water ? We were fishing , Our ship began to leak , - Very , Where are we ? We are in trouble if you do not read any further , Feel free to ask me anything you need , Make yourself at home , Now excuse me , Tickets , please , I 'm all shrivel , It 's not me clear that we slipped under the water , Next time we might encounter underground or high above it , This is really shake faith in skating , Thank you , Q-ball told me that the protective mechanism should ensure sliding to the ground , Something wrong with the timer , Obviously , Can not load coordinates for skating , We did not dare get wet , Resistant , at all , Sea water is not He should not have hurt , When did you last changed battery ? It 's not time for jokes , It is possible that we slid under water because its batteries are exhausted , Did you think it will last forever ? Would it help to buy a new battery ? I 'll make it run , but the following We would slip could be awkward , If any , Dude , Imagine a passage in a parallel world , You can slide in thousands of different worlds , The same year , the same person you are , but then everything was different , you can not find a way home , Skater Skate for three days , Until then I will fail enough recharge timer , I do not know what we 're going after , I wonder if they 're looking for , - Pitajmo Captain where this ship is sailing , Search sea monsters , That 's not funny , Want to hear the good news ? Tell , - For Two days we are in Hawaii , Hawaii ? Do not go to the continent ? What 's the problem ? Do do not want to see something new ? What do you mean , why always zavrÅ ¡ imo in California , and not in New York or Paris ? - For Radius slip , Which is it ? The area within 650 km location of first slip , We have to be in this area When the timer reaches zero , - Otherwise ? I do not know , We never slipping out of the area , Maybe we just continued skate in the new zone , Maybe you 're right , but if the timer is defective , would not be good skate from the island in the middle of the ocean , What if I end up back in the water ? What if the vortex does not open ? What if meslide , but not iskližemo , - I figured bit , We got to get the continent , Want to turn to ? - You Do it , Unfortunately , I have the day after tomorrow deliver this burden in Honolulu , From there you can within two weeks to return to Los Angeles , Then it will be too late , Too late for what ? We 've got an emergency , What kind of emergency ? - Malloryja Troubling kidney stones , Suffering terrible pain , What ? See ? I can only say the ship doctor to examine him , Is it we can not move to the mainland ? How ? Helicopter ? Can not we fly to LA ? I do not know what it was a helicopter , but no aircraft can fly here , Even if you can you afford a flight , I 'm sorry , Ever since we arrived I did not saw a trace of the aircraft , I do not understand , Obviously have technology to make them , I do not miss them knowledge , but material , What did you find ? I - Istraživala how technologically developed , Did you find anything about skating ? No , but I found their periodic system of chemical elements , I ? - Preskaču With atomic number 12 to number 14 , With magnesium skip to silicon , They do not have aluminum , How is that possible ? Or he does not there is in this world or they do not know the procedure for separation of aluminum from bauxite , This is a world without light materials ? They got aerospace technology , but at the level of the 1930s , They have no modern aircraft , The world depends on maritime trade , How do we get hold area slip ? We could rebel , I was only joking ! What 's going on ? A - Attack us ! - ' K About ? Who ? The sun goes in your eyes ! We can not see ! Who ? - Pirates ! - Pirates ? Do your best ! - Are We only quietly observe ? Stupid question , Let 's go , Enough ! You are not supposed to oppose us , You could get hurt , It would have ruined the fun , I think I lost an invitation to this party , I love fun surprises , Let me go or you 'll see what a surprise , Check the warehouse , and you get me a map and list of cargo , Yes , sir ! Good ! Right away ! Well done , You brought them straight to us , Thank you , sir , The warehouse is empty ! Go back where belong , You lying , Do not , Nice catch , - Približava Us storm , Let 's go back to base as soon as possible , You worry too much , By the evening We will return to the mainland , Have you heard ? Return to the mainland , So what ? Maybe it we can use , How ? Let 's change sides , Join them , Will return us to the area of ​ ​ slip , It 's been a cold-blooded killer , These are business people , Know how gangs operate , They are always looking for new members , Yeah do not you dare , Hey , Blackbeard ! I 've been watching your action , Really ? Is wrong , Inefficient you , You need to be better informed , Find out what the ship was carrying and burst in and quickly grab what you need , You can help us to improve ? We have experience in this area , We are looking for crew where we can join , What is your name ? - Quinn Mallory , Want to join my crew , Mr , Mallory ? It 's not that I want join , but that you need me , Quinn Mallory ? It is a maritime name , Are you Irish ? - I Have Irish ancestors , Listen carefully , We do not love spies coast guard , Spies ? Yes , We have the cure for such , Just a moment , - ironing ! - ironing ! Plank ! Man , He 's supposed to keep your mouth shut , You are wrong , We 'll see think whether the sharks to make mistakes , I spy coastal Guard ! Tell them ! He is not a spy , They pulled us out must , Ask her if you do not believe , It 's true , We pulled them out must as a pile of wet rats , Well , let him go back , Thank you , Wait a minute , Your my friend made the offer , Would you like to join me ? Depends , What do you offer ? You 'll get a standard share of the spoils , and in addition I promise you and an impressive addition , Many times I was disappointed by the size of the supplement , I guarantee you 'll be satisfied offered , I 'll give you a chance , If you prove yourself , I 'll join you , I see you have experience in guessing , A man today has to be stiff , What do you say , Mr , Brice ? - Izgubili We have people in an attack on Monterey , If you can not express , sold will appear in San Francisco , Welcome to my crew , Well done , She would let them kill him even though you knew it was not a spy ? People love executions , Where are we ? - This Place is not on the map , which is not according to our taste , Are not you afraid that you someone fails to issue the coast guard ? Locals them does not like because of high taxes , We protect them and they protect us , Something like Robin Hood , Who ? Rob from the rich and giving the poor , That 's half true , Someone grabbed my , Someone grabbed me , Pirates thus express welcome , They could pay me a drink , Apparently not often been in places like this , Most often I go out the beer in the Student Council , Sessions are were sometimes wild , How 's the timer ? - I 'm Not charge a battery , Brice us out of his sight , I think we still do not believe , Good evening , Hope that you feel comfortable , If we have any complaints , I 'll We 'll get you , Very welcoming you , I take care of my crew , Do you want to tour the base with me and check what you 're getting into ? Your us friends can join , You do not need an escort , Let 's go , This motorcycle gang called Smokers , They had a contest to be chased one another with a stick , They tried to blow each other , On that day I broke a lot of ribs , Mostly other people , Children 's games ! Do you we need people who know how to drive engine and swinging a stick ? If you mess up , you 're gonna die , and maybe I 'll die for you , I take care of myself , Great , I do not intend to hang with mast for some weakling , Why do you quarrel with women ? Obviously there are some unsolved problems , This place us the base for three years , Rob ships , take what we need a surplus we give to friends , Rather 'm your friend , Your enemies a bad pass , We only protect their way of life , Does that include broaching prisoners under the keel ? I thought you were stronger , You 're we were asked to join us , I hate killing , No , I take people who love it , But I 'll take someone else 's life and give its to protect my people , I have a feeling that you and be willing to do the same , Do not like me , do not you , Maggie ? You 're a good leader , Reliable you , loyal to you and worry about your people , That 's not enough ? - Fighting no higher aim is not worth anything , You break the law out of conviction , but if all you 're doing this because fun , then you 're a common thief , What is your higher purpose ? - That is more than a quest objective , Good , Tell me all about it , On another occasion , Thank you for the tour , Have you pulled it from Paxton ? Just that , that is charming and clever , I want you out of here before the slip , Do not get your hopes up , Can not charge the battery ? I can , but we are not in the slip , Where are we exactly ? I think We are in the southern part of the peninsula of Baja , We should be approximately 160 kilometers to the north , We must get to the area slip or we will not slip away , Now therefore come , and let 's move to the north , I have only two days , The only way out leads over must , - Ukrast We ship , Paxton would immediately be caught , Do not believe us , If we steal ship , they 'll think we 're spies , I do not want to end up with a patch over eye and a wooden leg , Us risk , I do not want to be dragged through the streets and raščetvore , Let 's stay here , It is time for action , Be in port for 5 min , What 's going on ? One shipment arrived in San Diego , We 'll attack the harbor for two hours , Is not it too late for navigation ? We believe that darkness helps during the performance of our activities , You have five minutes , Yo-ho-ho , Brice , these new people and go that way , You know what to look for , Yes , You will go with me , Let 's go , What we are looking for ? What are you doing ? He 's gone , Never be too careful , Brice , southwest corner , I found him , What did you find ? Surprise ! We steal a weapon ? Let 's say only we get angry Coast Guard , Less talk , more work , I saw a parked truck , One steal and escape , We are close to area slip , - I Like that plan , You will notice that we were gone , Well ? Well ? You 're right , Yo-ho-ho , Redfield , Let 's go , Something happened , Great , That they distract attention , Long time no see , - You Do not look so good , Having trouble with your complexion , I saw how you can seem to you used to make sharp chicken bone , I have to pay you back for this experience , I guess I will not judge jury me equal ? I 'll be the judge and jury , Come on , Maggie , Maggie , You 're not going to end this with one shot , And what if these riddles ? Maggie ! Thus we will not reach areas slip , Lo and behold , we 're where we started , I could not leave , They 're the bad guys , Really ? People in the village do not think so , - Zamalo Cast me into the sea , They should have , I do not care me as shuffling with Paxton , What ? This is what we may be the last chance , Calm down , Maggie did what considered to be acceptable , Let 's move on , What do you mean ? And you think I screwed ? It does not matter , We 'll find another way out , Man , I want to thank you , I could not thank in front of people , That would make a weakling , You can not afford to , You saved my life , You 're welcome , What would you want to go ? I would not be pleased to hear that , Do you want to continue your search ? I do not know what I 'm looking for more , What about you ? What about me ? What are you doing here ? Do you drink , Getting into fights , Each morning you wake up fresh bruise and a new tattoo , If that 's all you offer , I have to refuse , I used to command shopping trips , I respected the rules , earned for life , traded along the coast , Stayed away from you such as you , - Pirates We have not caused problems , Coast Guard wants everyone think that they kept them , But people like Redfield have no heart , They introduced high taxes , in addition , require bribes , I refused to give money Refieldu so we are his bandits sank the ship , They sank into the midst port in Santa Barbara , My wife and son sank with the ship , They take us for thieves , but in fact all of us members Coast Guard killed someone , That 's why we 're here , I 'm sorry , I know how it is to lose someone , Really ? Yes , For a long time I did not This seemed , - I Would say , In my life there is no too much room for love , Tell me all about it , We do not retain the long in one place , In what little time we have we do as much as possible as we can , Sometimes we are looking for food , sometimes run away before the authorities , Here and there we find good people , The people that we like to make , but then we have to go , That we sounds like a very lonely life , It 's not so bad , Is an exciting and I have friends on which they can rely , I know , I believe that you know , Thank you for yesterday did not go , You knew about that ? I know he 's waiting for something , or if it can wait , What was that ? Wait here , No way , Brice ! How to avoid the guards ? - Iskrcali Were lower ! Take defensive positions ! Maggie ! Are you okay ? For now we are , Where were you ? - Posvuda , What do we do now ? - All Kill them all ! Make sure you do not get caught ! Let 's go ! We can not stay here ! I 'm gonna get that gun ! - Mallory ! Thank you , - I Have come to save , But why did you come ? - Because they do not look bad , You two come with me , Damn , Retreating ! Go ! Here you ! She was captured by Mallory and Brice , What do we do now ? - Go We will as quickly as possible , Redfield followed us after the last attacks , He 'll be back with more people , I do not know if you 've noticed that some people are missing , So I noticed , Mallory and Brice are members of your crew , I thought you means something , - So We , I know what they will do Redfield , Brice and I have long been sailing together , She would not want people get hurt because of it , what would have happened , What if I trapped ? You tell me , Would you like to risk these people 's lives because of you ? That 's what I thought , Give us weapons , Sami will liberate them , No way , Why ? I do not want to lose you , I need a new first officer , I 'll think about it if we help save Mallory , You need something to hear , The permanent attacks on the lives and property must stop , As an example to all those who break the law , tomorrow at noon executed will be two prisoners , The sentence will be mitigated if we return The goods stolen from the port of San Diego , We will return them stolen goods in exchange for Mallory , Continue loaded ships , We leave in an hour , It 's that simple , - Cheating Be , Load the boat and make a replacement , What 's that important of life of your people ? The fabric ? That 's not any fabric , It 's the carbon filaments , Well ? If it is dipped into a solution , can be shaped as desired , When hardened , are stronger than steel , - From Them the real aircraft , So , that 's it , This can run the aviation industry , Changed to economic images of the world , That 's it , It will therefore throw it all into the ocean , What ? Why ? I think I know why , When the airline industry develop , ships will be unnecessary , Like you , I do not want to change our way of life , The destruction of one shipment will not stop , He will not , but it will help , Someone else will do again , That Edison did not invent the light bulb , invented to someone else , I will not give up our identity without a fight , If you are going to fight , fight you 'll be alone , I have no intention to support slamming his head against the future , You got to know when time to give up , Just in time , I love the accuracy , Where is Paxton ? He was prevented , I am authorized to negotiate on its name , We do not have anything to negotiate , Is this my burden ? Where are our friends ? Bring them , Are you okay ? We are , These guys are great hosts , Let them come to them , We 'll talk later , Here it is , Yes , here it is , I will watch visite on the news in 18 hours , The only regret that my friend Paxton will not be with you , I do not like to disappoint friends , Surprise , Your days are numbered , Paxton , Maybe , Maybe so , but your time is up , For a long time I want to do this , For my wife , For my son , Would they like to do that ? Let 's get out of here , Thank you for getting us out , - I Take care of your crew , What is the situation ? - Tajmer Is ready , and we are in the slip , I had fun despite the fact that you I almost threw sharks , In these waters there are no sharks , Sure you do not want to stay ? I 've seen what you can , Your offer tempting , but , ' There is a search ? Yes , For a while I wandered , But you brought me back on the right path , How ? He reminded me that I love my job , What will you do now ? A man like I have countless opportunities , You might learn to fly , - That Would certainly doing well , The time now is , Maybe we 'll meet again ,
