 Who are these guys ? I do not care us , How much more ? - 90 Seconds , Why did you say that are you a believer ? Well I did ! It seems that they believe into something else , Let 's go ! Troika , maintain position ! We 'll be there ! Kill believers ! Kill them all ! - Now ! Fire ! - Now ! Also looks , Mallory ? Imagine portal in a parallel world , You can slide in thousands of different worlds , The same year , same you person , but everything else is different , Imagine not you can find a way home , Skater NEW GODS IN LIEU OF OLD Come on , Mallory , come on , Nasty guess , huh ? I 'm fine , I can not move my legs , I can not move my legs ! Do not panic , It can be temporarily , And if not ? ! I 'm not going to this , No ! We 'll find a doctor , Do we have time ? We have 38h , Maggie and I will look it up , Wait for us here , I 'm sorry , - Here You we are waiting ! We will not go anywhere ! I 'm not going to Cart , We found a doctor , - Dr , Krislovo , Better you that is important , I do not like to be drawn out of bed because of drunks , Let 's go ! Looks like BIR-world , but here does the Bureau of Internal reconstruction , Drifting similar worlds that branch from the same point , At last the BIR-sheep were in power , Here overthrew the BIR , People are still recovering from War , Krislovo he barely survived , The guy who took us to the last world wanted to kill , on this will save me , Let me see , Where did you come from ? - S South , - S East , Actually , from the southeast , I ask because for a long time I have not seen a wound like that , Such weapons were allegedly destroyed , - He Attacked us bandits , Here you go , This would not be fit , Would you please put this to him , Young man , I 'm afraid I do not have good news , Scorched your spinal cord , But will heal , right ? Well , Can we 'll walk again ? I 'm sorry , I do not technology to help you , With retreats , will return ‡ e you is something of mobility , Who has the technology , if you you do not have ? Do not do anything ? ua stupid , You do not understand , Doctor , He , Diane ! Too good understand , Do I have not already seen a wound like that ? During the war , thousands of them people suffered , I also , Do you think I still walked with a cane that there are chances for recovery ? But at least you walk ! Decision not on you than on me ! Who are you to play God ? - You you came to me for help , do not they , Now you know that you can not help and you will immediately turn to the faithful ! Promise to your friend blessing , You also , And so you 're desperate you 'll accept , Can I do that walk again ? Yes , I just wanted to hear , Let 's go , But the price will be terrible ! Wait a minute , What price ? Young man , Do you know who you are ? I know , If you go there , you know who will you be ? Yeah , No , you will not , And that 's fine , Not just fun to be me , Do as you will , Take him , Not I can help him if you will not listen , He just wants his feet , Well you 'll help a friend that hangs , huh ? I have no patience for stupidity , I assume you want a good , But we 're friends , We will do everything to help him , Thank you , Thank you , As we are in the ' 60s , My mom showed pictures , These will be my people take care of your feet ? 'Day , Is this , - Welcome , - In Our colony , - Ozlijeden You , But your legs are too good , - word Is the spinal cord , Scorched is , - I Came you seek a blessing , I do not know , Yeah , If this means a cure , We need to slow down a little , We ? And you 're in a wheelchair ? You do not know how frustrating that is for all you 've got to try tenfold ! I 'll be able to walk ? - Learn We and fly , And other , - If You want , I 'm not so sure about this , - In Haight I learned something , Watch the flower children with gifts , Will it hurt ? Does it hurt when the caterpillar become a butterfly ? - transformation Hurt , But so you 'll laugh to you will not even feel it , - Please , Feel free to join us , No , thank you , Some other time , The call still valid , Diane ! I 'll take this and analyze , It 's all right , we have nothing against , We have no secrets , Transformation is free , I offer you water , Some never feel thirsty , Drink , Wait ! Why ? I offer this not a little strange ? Since when slides with you , everything seems strange , Diana took the sample , Let 's give him Krislovo to analyze it , Do you make these people dangerous ? It 's not what this is about , Already know what you think of this , I will do everything , but Krislovo has the equipment , Still others bring decisions for me , Are you waiting to come back , right ? Will you ? Okay , You two go , I 'll stay with him , You did not drink this ? Yes , You see ? Billions of biological nanomachines , Played back as blood cells , Can he regenerate spinal cord that , Cell by cell , But you said it was a great price , What do you think , to receive instructions ? They connect and unite processing power , Like network , Network programmed individual machines , Communicate light impulses , That is why shine , Billions of them ? Great processing power , Wow , What " Wow " ? This network is not limited , to only one person , right ? Transmits through the skin of one person to another , no ? And after a certain threshold , becomes self-aware , - Samosvjesna ? This is one huge glow mind , He lives at the same time in all of them , The benefits of their bodies , and with time and brains , Because all speak as one , More individuals are not , Only the cells in a larger body , Does this drink Mallory , will become one of them , That 's the price , Sorry I 'm so anxious to this , You and Remmy you were right , Does not hurt to check Diana to me this will not hurt , I have to learn to trust you more , Glad you figured it out , But I do not know how when you 're half dead body , When you can not walk or run , You 're right , In a way , I know , My husband was in a wheelchair last year of life , Every day I 'm experiencing his pain , his loss , I 'm sorry , I wonder where they Remmy and Diana ever , - I 'll Take a look , Mallory ! Can this possibly be cured ? This is supposed to be medical discovery , The end human suffering , Yes , of course that there is a switch , The network was put in to stop , modulated light that operates at certain frequencies , It 's called " Light of the dead man , " Do you know anyone that the , - Look at me , Yes I know , a long time ago I myself cured , Lights BIR-sheep , So they worked , right ? - Uništena Are , Forget about it , Tell me something , Have you met with the faithful a girl named Jill ? It is good ? They did not mention names , but they all seemed happy , Jill is my daughter , One of them , If I had to do that light , I was freed , Do not allow friend to do so , I could not prevent ! What ? It 's not so ? How do you feel ? - Process Is not too painful , Mostly dream , - Beautiful dreams , I 'm fine , Even me little troubling coordination , But soon the recovery will be complete , This is such a blessing , I feel , Transformed into most spiritual sense of the word , As you can see 1000 g , in advance and in all directions , I was such a fool , Always keen on everything and everyone , And you 're two were so good to me , Can you forgive me ? No need to apologize , Such when you and your assailed by the , But I hurt my you , I was wrong , How are you now ? - transformation Is incredible feeling of happiness and ecstasy , He asked Mallory , What feeling ? - Radost And ecstasy , Mallory , - Mutno my locks , I have a feeling that I 'm bigger than before , As if at the same time living in different places , and this is the body temporarily , You have to feel it , Remmy , That is spiritual , Come on , Drink water of life with me , Oh , yes , drink all with us , Being this is different , Let 's join us , please , Join us , Are you offering your life , We need to talk , No , not , We need to talk , I 'll wait for you in the tent , How much time do we have ? Just a few minutes , I do not know what is going on , I envied him , Health , happiness , The real spiritual connection , - Stvaran Sense of community , Peace , True peace , We need to get him out of here , Yes , Mallory , Can we talk in private ? What were you doing ? - Komunicirali With God , Rembrandt , the connection is eternal and unbreakable , Here I felt the hand of God , I do not know how it feels , I know , my friend , I do not I need this so I felt , Shine is not real , Do not you get it ? This is just slow and happy death , You want comfort ? The tomb is pleasant and no one ever comes out of it , Mallory , life , Real life is not pleasant , Remmy , here , in this place , we brought together a multitude of private soul in a higher being , And so we have a better and clearer communication with God than any individual can alone , That feeling ? In it you believe ? I know that , The time now is , We have to go , - Ukližem You , I shall sever the connection , I do not want to do it , Stay and join me , I 'll show you what a joy , Mallory , we can not , Mallory , please , come with us , Go on without me , You want us to walk ? I feel that you 're going to the world of being complacent , but I 'd rather stay , Think about it , We can not stay , The decision is yours , but I would like to know what waive , And I would like you to know how much love you all , Mallory , but we you say , but we 'll repeat , We 're not going without you ! No ! It 's so nice , Neatly smells , Very quiet place , Thank you , We love comfort , - Adjust ? This place is a paradise , A BIR-sheep ? - Blesani Whose miracle cures were not acting , Quietly , Jill , he 's long gone , They had good ideas , but they never listened , Thank you , So nothing happened , Your friend will be good ? Yeah , just to have a little rest , Should you need more you give me a call , It is completely different from your copies , - More Liked scarred , He did not have to go war , In this world , not shine invented , so there was no BIR 's , Poor Jill , In this world had no luck , But she is cheerful , Well , most of us define the challenges , But sometimes the nice to live without challenges , I feel the smell of coffee , How are you , Mallory ? Really want to know ? Imam the feeling that I was amputated , You probably want to you I 'm grateful , I did not , Well , Come on , say it , You have no idea , Words it can not be described , It is possible in the universe , is so deep and exceptionally , Most people never learn , Do not think that you did not wanted to join , Am , And you should have , I learned to watch the eyes of all in the group , I was supposed to achieve harmony with God , But we had to go , Bunch We fragments and we say that we have a whole person , It united myself , It is parts of your Quinn Mallory and me , still unnamed , who unite to in person , I began to realize who is really that person , - We Had to do it , You are not , I feel betrayed , I will not apologize , Me neither , Someone had to look out for to us , and you did not do , We would more Should t slide , What ? If so desire , Rembrandt , We need you to believe , Unless can disperse , You agree ? You decide , Mallory , I 'm going to dry out , I do not know what you mean , We have to stay together , Some of us , - you Have decided be here , We 're going in the same direction , Here , I offer you water , May you never be thirsty , You 're right , Remmy , We need you to believe , I should not angry but be grateful , And we have to find a way to move on , right ? You are still infected , - Blagoslovljen , Not tainted , It 's a gift , Do not get it ? Immortality for all , Peace in the world , The cure for cancer , The battery that works forever , If there is no free will , not a blessing but a curse , Are you gave me a choice ? - That It was for your own good , And this is , Someone has to think to us , You do not do , Mallory , I , Wait ! Let me talk to him , He still has those things in the blood , Stick a needle into a vein , put a little blood in the water , A little sugar for food , Nanokukci begin to multiply , I wound him by magic heals , How convenient , More of us should not be , It can infect us and anyone , God , What we made this world ? Immortality and peace , And God , It would be very easy join him , right ? No , Maggie , This is wrong , I know , We must stop him , - Just we need to " light a dead man , " When the interruption of which the second Krislovo spoke , BIR members are known , Krislovo with scarred told us about it , Do you think that this Krislovo might know something ? - Otkrit Will , Hi , Hello , I am glad that you is better , Where are your friends ? In the hotel , I went for a walk , I 'm thinking of staying , Yeah ? There are loads of nice people , and I have a gift that I would be happy to share , What is it ? Would you believe me to tell you that it is little wonder ? I have long believed in BIR , We all tried , This could be the biggest medical discovery ever , I wanted to correct the daughter of the spine , but nanotechnology did not work However , after a time people lost interest , Let me see what you have ? What is it ? - Look under a microscope , Wow , This is serious ? Does it work ? Too good , Believe me , the doctors have tried everything , We heard about alternative medicine in Mexico , but daddy had no money , This has a power that no no doctor , And it 's free , What will be the drink Is it ? - Smijat 'll Be , Already laugh , You know why are you going all funny , Would you like to walk upright like all ? That no one can do , - Izazivam You to trust me , We have written specific code had to repeat three times in succession , a specific modulation light with two frequencies , Let 's see , Why do you want it turn off ? Harmful is ? When we first met with team , We learned for one light , " Light a dead man , " Here 's the code for that light , Jill ! Do not ! Do not , do not , Let us , Diana , These , and Remmy Maggie go tonight , I 'm staying , Remember the BIR-world ? Tanks and secret police ? Thus here be if you go with it , More we do not have tell me how to live , If you do not want to share the blessing , leave the rest of us alone , Will cure you , It will not work , you know , Better work , - Will , I hope so , Otherwise we will be smiling to death , It killed it in a glass , - Safe You are the light strong enough ? No worries , Signal interruption zarazit the whole system , Even a partially exposure to heal , Hi ! Will fill free Personality Test ? Jill ? Jill ! It works ! I 'm sorry I laughed your research , Look at me ! It 's a miracle ! Oh , dear , What is this test ? Oh everyday openness to spirituality , Would you like to transform your being ? Drink some water , In health , Thank you , What 's this ? You mean this ? What did you do ? - Funkcionira , What works ? Now Jill , No , please ! She 's so happy ! Jill no longer shine , Neither George , What are you doing ? We are the worst nightmare must , We BIR-members , I should not have make it awful light , You did it ? Dad , how could you ? Mila , still can not walk , But you took away my blessing , I hate you , We have to tell Mallory , Already know , I offer you water , Some never be thirsty , This is a very good idea , Remmy , Very well , But helping you tell anyone about this ? You saw what they happened when you turned on the light , You disconnected them from the connection with God , Spiritual died , That 's why this is called " Light dead man " , He kills people , Never mind , we will renew them , Blessing is endless , And we ? Yes , Make get us to drink it ? I will not push you to drink , The blessing is available to all , Like this morning ? That is was wrong , I 'm sorry , But you see , when you connect with others , you will be even freer , But you can not know , Or we join or go without me , There is a third option , Mallory , - Neprihvatljiva Is , This is an opportunity to personally know God , No , no , Object to their own transformation , I do not oppose transformation than what ! Mallory , transformation comes from the heart , not from a jar , This is not an answer but a crutch , You wanted to walk , right ? You said you would have given to it , You said , and to risk , And I was not wrong , - Are , And you know what ? And I would have been done , But you said that you want to walk without assistance , Who then walk Mallory ? You or shine ? Who is speaking ? You do not understand , - Sjaj ? Maybe we do not understand , but I know you , And if you 're still in that body , you know that what you are saying is true , Exit shine , Mallory and You 'll see what you mean about it , If you 're still thinking that we 're wrong and the glow of a better life , be sure to drink it again , I 'll drink with you , And you ? Do not ! No ! - Mallory , No ! Please , calm down ! I 'll leave you only briefly , Willingly sacrifice myself that I would proved that there is no reason for fear , Transformation We are always available , What one feels , everyone feels , How do you feel ? - Prazan , Not you know what I just gave up , I can imagine , No , you can not , Again you drink water , Mallory ? I do not know , When I transformed , I was all , I was and Mallory Quinn and everyone else , Now nobody does not feel , I had the power in itself , And it 's gone ? It is not , Even more feel , but no longer as clear , This is normal , Mallory , Do not get it ? We all do , None of us really knows who he is , except per person with whom we are connected , It defines us people to which we care , To whom do you care , Mallory ? You say that I have choose ? And that 's life , Decisions and opportunities , The decisions are never easy , Otherwise we would not know how powerful we are , This is a decision , And this , Water provides life We are finding the blessing , A light gives us responsibility , When you realize the blessing and find out that is , the more you can not take away , Mallory , you can not leave us , The question is , What do you do with it ? I will not stand here and tell you what to decide , This is done by those who do not believe that can be responsible for themselves , Please save us , No , I 'm not a savior , I did not , I 'm just an ordinary guy , What he learned to be a blessing not in what you 've been given but in what you create for the people who surround you , It is important to achieve something , The real transformation that to decide on it , What do we do now ? We decide as individuals , Quinn went , Forever , I know , Starting to like Mallory , Do you believe in this ? Yes , I feel it , I do not believe , And I will not , I did not want to lose them , Thank you , So , who are you now ? - Still To discover , But is not it all right ?
