 Yes ! America is stronger than ever ! You , who led the first lady and me the White House six years ago , you can find it ! Mr , President ! Mr , President ! Do you sleep naked ? Mr , President , do you sleep naked ? I do not want Mrs , Williams be embarrassed , Why would she ? Do not you know ? He knows it , but does not want you to know , Let us deal hereby , I 'd rather be Tackle one because which you elected me , What about the war in Switzerland ? When will stop the senseless slaughter ? Mr , President ! Thanks , LA ! Mr , President ! Where are we ? - You Too expensive hotel , There 's no discount for frequent Tackling ? How much time do we have ? A little less for two days , - Stignemo Party , What 's going on ? Probably that of my doppelganger ends appearance , Just , - You Never know , Before we met , Brown was famous as Elvis , Yeah , that , I 'm not kidding , They even had Remmyjeve imitators , Yeah , Sorry , I 've got you and your voice ? Mr , President ! Get away ! Move back ! You can not close ! Does the president have a mistress ? Imagine passage in a parallel world , You can slide in thousands of different worlds , The same year , same you person , but everything else is different , I can not find a way home , Skater CURRENT AFFAIR How many people run into the President of the United States ? Please , I want to forget , I doubt that this will be possible , What ? Give me that ! How are released so quickly ? That 's where we are several hours , You 're not just in the newspaper , An extensive reportage about the president unbelief , - Come on ! Our psychologist established that President addicted to sex , Remmy ! - It is confirmed that seeing this young woman , I do not know how to takes , but sources close to the , The forecast for the unusually hot and sultry weather , Leave it ! But before that , a little more about President 's hot affair , Menu 're such a nice couple , Nothing you did not ask , What is this place ? Like you 're in the world of tabloids , Listen : " baseball failed with the starlet , but he lost 15 pounds , " " The figure of the Virgin Mary in raženom bread drew thousands ‡ e pilgrimage ? officers , " These are the headlines of The Herald , What is written in the low class newspapers ? Something I found , " Stock prices ever lower , Senate discussion about health care , " " Heavy clashes in Switzerland continue , " These are the real news , What are these papers ? - The Hawks Report , Moderated by some Bobby Hawks , What is it in Switzerland ? " Escalated the war between the United States and Switzerland , More and more victims , " Why fight ? Cheese ? Embargo on watches ? Due to the banking scandal Switzerland caused a global crisis , Even the rumor of ethnic cleaning francophone part , Ethnic cleansing ? They 've got an army ? - Don 't Have only a Swiss Army knife ? As the United States interfered ? Nothing does not say , It was last week 's edition , I 'm interested in the latest issue , Perhaps in the new issue of rights story about the president 's affair , , the president 's marital infidelity , The American public is fascinated connection with a mysterious woman , I can not believe how are all inflated , You know you want to attract readers and viewers , You 're right , as usual , dear , But this is out of control , Chuck , stop and stories before they spread , It may not be smartest , Mr , President , Although it sounds strange , this is sexual scandal perhaps a blessing in disguise , Then I cover , What are you ? Sir , if you have not noticed , due to a scandal no one care about the situation in Switzerland , It 's true , So , are you suggesting that , As long as people are deluded thus , will not an interest in what we do in Switzerland , We should encourage the rumors , not them deny ? Yes , I do not know , Chuck , So we will exploit media , not they us , - To Change , Smart , I hope you will all subside , I 'd like a few normal made in the normal world , I can not believe how everything here is expensive , What is ? You 're the mystery woman ? It was all great error , Yes , a big mistake , You tore up happy marriage , Shame on you ! I 'm not in connection with the president ! Sign my the newspaper ? Under the picture ? I 'm going back to the hotel , I 'm sorry , Will you want me to walk ? It 's okay , Only you have fun , I need some alone time , See you later , - Where are you going ? A little 'll look around , A great guy he is , But even the new in this , - Have ' Have some fun , Shall we take a look at what HDTV is in this world ? Can , Not whether you like I write , you do not need to read , Like , Sure You are in the right place ? You publish The Hawks Report Yes , Then I in the right place , Are you kidding ? Shaw you sends ? Someone from The Herald No one sends , I 'm interested in what you are doing , Sir , Call me Mallory , I 'm Bobby , All right , Bobby , Is not anyone going interested in real news ? Let 's say that they easily distracted , And you ? I like real news , I was just online with fellow Chicago , We are connected with those who are interested greater things than one who 's sleeping with whom or that the soap star alien , The war in Switzerland ? Yes , - What Is it ? I thought you read my articles , - When I can get to them , Otherwise we remain only clown news , I understand , Swiss President Marcel Vache , known as the Butcher of Bern , began to nationalize the banks , which led to the economic crisis , As the United States interfered ? Really you are interested , President Williams did not received the support of the Congress nor the UN , so he sent troops to calm the situation , I understand fear , but worth it endanger lives in an undeclared war ? I wish more of them thinks so , How can I ignore ? Firstly , I think that freak who invents all this , Am I a freak , but news real , Will you and you ? - No , Secondly , and believe me , it would still are more interested in other people 's dirt , Let us look to the business , I have a theory , Which is ? Source in Geneva says to me that our party actually lost , Apparently we used illegal weapons , How is this related to the scandal ? - After My opinion inflate the president 's affair that people have forgotten Switzerland , It is possible , Will one inside scoop ? I 'm listening , - affair Does not exist , It has nothing to do with this woman , How do you know ? Because I was present when it happened and I know a woman , Do not move , Well , Mallory , Come on , guys , I 'm going crazy here , We have received a report Tony Jacobs from Pacoima , Sources from the White House announced are the name of the mysterious woman , It 's about Maggie Beckett , He lives here in the south of the kamperskome settlement Cajero , Yes , Ann , I 'm in Pacoima at which we have just received , Come on , - What do you want ? Are you looking for me for some competition ? I 'm Tony Jacobs from GNN 's , You are Maggie Beckett ? Do I have to buy what magazine ? - You do not have , The White House stated that you an affair with President Williams , What house ? Martha Lou , shut that dog ! I know , sweetheart , but not like his hat , What is it with the president ? We heard that President maintains a forbidden relationship with you , but obviously not right Maggie Beckett , Tony Jacobs from Pacoima reports for GNN Central , Just a little , Where you know that I do not see him ? Not that you can not someone find , - I 'm sorry , ma 'am , Come back , Will the story ? I 'll give you a story , sir ! I told you ušutkaš dog ! Koma , About time , Good afternoon , We come in President 's name , We 're not in a relationship , We know , You know ? Sure , May we come in ? Sure , Miss Beckett , you can serve the country , How do we know Username ? That 's my job , We know that this is a misunderstanding , Tell that to the press , I 'm afraid we can not , We 'd like you to go with us to the president , Find someone else , In passing I , Nobody refuses president , Then I 'm the one no one , - In This case , this is not a request , Shall we ? Do not leave the door unlocked , You do not know what could ugmizati , Maybe someone like us , Maggie ? Maggie ? Have something out ? We did not , And you ? When was the last time see ? - When Started here , Where have you been ? - The Hawks , Published newspaper that I found in the room , I told him that the affair is false , - Ionako No one reads his newspaper , What do we do now ? - He Sticks here , Rule slider 2A : if you do not know what are you , stand still , but stay at the hotel , We still have time , and she knows when sliding in , He 'll be back , You want a drink ? Do not forget , great having fun , Really ? Work a little , And that me you let me go ? I find this strange and you , Miss Beckett , We want to bet ? Really , False posturing was not my idea , Such circumstances , I apologize for I dragged you into this , Yet you were only innocent observer , Perfect , Stay there , We need one on the couch , Sir , take your glasses with champagne and , Great , Toast , - It Will be glad when this is over , And only me , Perfect , Take a break , We will look at photos , This certainly is not you is not easy , What ? - To Be with her husband with all this , You have no right an affair with my husband , Do not you ? Of course not , But everyone thinks contrary , It must be awkward , Yes , I appreciate your concern , Excuse me , Ms Beckett is a smart girl , - Very insightful , We have to keep an eye on her , Well , Mel , do yours , People will think you are for years in a relationship , Then a hot bath , It seems that a little too much enjoys , We have a new exclusive photos President Williams and mistresses , Yes , Karen , - Quick is , - capture we have just received can be seen , This is perhaps the photoshop , How do we know that is not right ? You told a reporter that the affair does not exists , This is a great fake , Guys , something is going on , Would not voluntarily agreed to something like this , What is it ? Secret Service ? FBI ? CIA ? I think I know how We can check the photo , First , get out of the black stripes , Mallory ! What is it ? Do not we have to see the whole picture ? It was worth a try , Can we be increased ? Sure , It depends on whether the raster , If , with the increase will occur dots , But if it is in JPEG , depends on the compression , I think they 're in love , We have a happiness , - Rasterska Is , - Olakšanje , We can make a poster while maintaining resolution , Here it is , What is it ? Looks like a glass of champagne , I see , Glare , - Continue , Sure , It seems that the table , And something thereon , - Let 's , The closer I can , It 's a box of matches , A , H , - Neciji Initials ? Could be anyone , No , that 's Hotel Ambassador , Are you sure ? Am , Last year , I stole them a few towels , Frugal alone , So , are recorded in the Ambassador , And your friend capture part in the conspiracy , I would agree , You would , Is that one in the picture ? Whatever was going on , we must urgently find , You think it 's still in the hotel ? If the is , how do we bypass the security ? I have a press pass , although many would gladly forgotten , Press conference before next gathering will be held in , Does anyone have a watch ? For 20 minutes , Do you have any pass excess ? Yes , Somewhere I have , I have a pass for photographers , assistants , Can I borrow this ? Just take it , You will be an assistant , Okay , I understand that the noksin banned , General , But given the heavy losses , President considers that it is important as soon as possible to end the war from which we have to come out as winners , If noksin effective as claim , we must use it , What can the UN ? Condemn our actions ? Expressing regret over the consequences ? I think we can survive , Public opinion to me , I think we can about everything silent until it is resolved , At charity parties always served chicken in wine , which I hate , What is the name the Governor ? - Hovington , I really appreciate what you have agreed to all this , Miss Beckett , Thank you , but I just had choice , They dragged me here , Sometimes we have to sacrifice private life for the common good , That 's the price democracy , Do not be angry ? Maybe a little , I 'll send you a picture autographed or ashtray Air Force One , What ? Immediately , Sir , journalists waiting room in Sage , Press Conference , Thanks again , - ' Ðenja , Obviously there is no more reason to keep me here , Something came up and we must continue our cooperation , The president said , Never mind what he said , Going further with us , Forget it , Chuckles , I 'm outta here , Or not , Watch out , Brute , There are no windows , Hello , I should call out , What do you think are President 's lines secured ? I am the President friend , Hello ? Just fine , Relax , Chuck , you 're too uptight , It 's hard to relax after what he 's just performed , Ode to you , all could splash , It is a time bomb , If so , then We need to activate the bomb , Yes , Kennedy will be take care of it , Good idea , You made a great nude photographs , Thank you , I wish Jeff looked so good no clothes , You , unlike , I 'll do , I do not mind company , You 're the president 's girlfriend ! I saw you on television , - No , You caught me , I 'm guilty , - Zacijelo you exciting , What is ? I bet it 's romantic , The most powerful man in the world , Yes , The real big man , Sorry , Should not you tour ? Shaw and I can deal with a girl , Anyway , not much longer be with us , DNA analysis indicated that the T , Jefferson had children with slave women , After that the current President is not better than our father founder , Press conference , Sage room , Cleaners come in five minutes , Wait at the elevator , And what do we do now ? We can not only to fall to the President , Where is the secret service ? Maybe they have gone further , No , there are somewhere , Hurry a , We need to check the room , Maggie ! That 's not it , Thank God , Who is she ? And why bears Maggie 's clothes ? Who killed her ? Bjež 'mo here that we would not be charged , The Washington Memorial , - Predsjednicka Anthem , I 've always wanted do in Lincoln 's bedroom , Pierson , What ? You fool ! They killed the wrong girl , Where is Beckett ? I do not care how , but you 'll find it fast , I can not believe , Where are you going ? I 'll be back to his room , I 'm beginning to think that I chose the wrong for this job , What does that mean ? Find we will , Sela , I hope so , I 'm not going to bury my incompetent husband if you 're worse than him , The killer had replacement for your friend , If she ran away , they will be here , What if you did not run away ? - That 's What we think later , Maybe they just wanted to first image , and then someone changed the rules , They probably strike a problems ? - Our Maggie ? It is not , Hi , guys ! I knew it would fail , Hey ! Hey ! Help ! Let me go ! Remmy ! Damn ! What do we do now ? What is it ? Looks like hats worn by maids , Why was she dressed like that ? Maybe it 's working president , They could take any where , Who knows what to do with her , If the dead girl sign , in a lot of trouble , Let 's go back to your office , Something I remembered , What do you need ? - You Have stored some Maggie 's photos ? I 've got , Hundreds , Just pick a snapshot and when , What is it ? We will win the fire fire , What does that mean ? Bobby will edit some Maggie pictures and publish them , He will not , What do you mean ? - On The way I a crook like everyone else , But you will not droop , but thou shalt smite at their own game , Really want to help , but this is contrary to all my beliefs , You do not want to save someone 's life ? Do you want to help save innocent in Switzerland ? Yes , And here you do not want save innocent lives ? What should I do ? - First We make a sharp image of her face , Let me go ! Mr , President , reasonable You are the man , Help me , I 'd love to , but this does not depend on me , How not ? So the president you ! Can not you see that the best either to clarify all this ? The American public knows forgive if you tell her the truth , The truth ? This is something new , In no other way , - I Can stroll through the city and everyone talking about our project , - Kakvom Project ? What else are you hiding ? Chuck , can not we to solve it somehow , Jeff ! Select : or this chatty slut or you , It 's your only choice , sweetheart , Plain and simple , I knew you 'd have to make concessions , - Ustupak Is one thing , but murder , Maid , Riješi girls , Jeff , Or are you going to spend the rest mandate disgraced , they 're gonna make this , I have no intention to stay in married to such a President , I do not know you , but I do not believe you are a murderer , Think about it , The media will enjoy when they find me dead , They 'll think you killed a mistress , The charge is nothing , they 'll put you in jail , Why do you think you will find the body ? Tax money is being spent wisely , Tell Kennedy for another target , GNN got photos , which reveal a shocking reversal in the president 's affair , - Turn , The dead woman was allegedly Maggie Beckett , the president 's mistress , However , the government is currently only have these photos , Obviously this is a false picture , Oh , do not tell me , Sherlock , The brutality police thinks killer harbored feelings towards the victim , So , it was a crime of passion , The evidence is still being collected , but The President is not written well , How can I connect with it ? I told you , Jeff , you idiot , She 's not dead , At least for now , I think we need to think , Mrs , Williams , What is it now ? President can save only if everyone sees me alive and well , Though I want to resolve Miss Beckett , I agree to keep quiet , we are sure , To show everyone that she is alive and convince them that our relationship last ? Exactly , That would could go to hand , How ? Convene a conference , we let you accuse , then it occurs , When you see us together , affair will become even more interesting , In particular , if and First Lady to be present , It will in any case restore confidence in me , And I 'll turn out even bigger idiot because I am with you , - I Love it , The White House has not yet sounded , and growing doubts that the president really brutally murdered lover , For now believe , - Great Job , buddy , I hope I 'm not wrong , I 've just reported that the President called an emergency conference , From the White House say that will talk about the accusations , We 'll embed live , Bull 's-eye , - Time Is running out , Come on , The President will be happy to defend if the allegations of murder , I hope Maggie well , Ladies and gentlemen , President of the United States , You have already hired Attorney ? - Lovers Brawl ? What weapons did you have ? - Is killed during a wild foreplay ? This will not be repeated , Listen carefully , I did not have to do with murder Maggie Beckett , You paid someone ? - Naveli You to kill himself ? Or first lady in a fit of rage ? See what we done , - Just Us going , With all due respect , why should we believe you ? This is the first reasonably question I 've heard today , Why should you trust me ? Firstly , I have always been honest with Americans , Secondly , Maggie Beckett was not dead , As you can see , she 's alive and well , Where did those photos ? - They Were false , Some I was sick all lies that we defiled reputation , Unfortunately , all of you fallen victim of this deception , A second deception , Mr , President ? Mr , Hawks , our conspiracy theorist , Now what ? Polluted water in the Gulf of S , Monica ? Illegal Contributions campaign from Asia ? Cupidity of the Institute for health insurance ? I 'm talking about the war in Switzerland , I heard that we used chemical weapons , Your lush me imagination always surprising , We have no illegal weapons , A false affair with Maggie Beckett ? You see that Maggie Beckett real , Yes , but the affair has never been , You 'll kill me in front of all the witnesses ? The man speaks the truth , President I used to deceive you , And it is even scarier the girl who worked here killed because he replaced me , It was damaged in an innocent person , More will them more hurt in a pointless war , Do something ! You got any suggestions ? Hawks is right , They 'll use gas is very harmful to the nervous system which is illegal under international law , Please do not fall for , Mr , Hawks is a freak , we all know , Listen to him , Let him speak , We want Hawks hear , Let him come up , Mr , President , Mr , President , Mr , Hawks , All owe an enormous debt Maggie Beckett and her friends because risked his life to expose President 's shenanigans , Come ! Glad you I see , And us , Maggie , Hi , We have to go ,
