 I would love to stay here , This place is beautiful , After several weeks of silence to and mad , - Ionako Be gone tomorrow , Smell this , Much better than poison smog at the last world , Are you okay ? Good is we went with that world , The one I nearly undoes the air , You look tired , What ? - Djeluješ tired , No , I 'm fine , I make coordinates and other information about the world , Shall we call it pleasant the world ? ' d Rather empty world , No one 's home , - I I vote for The world of heaven , But if you went to the snake and offer you an apple , reject it , I agree , Someone had all this do , Yes , but who ? Maggie ? Mallory ? Diana ? What is this place ? What 's going on ? Wade ? Who is Wade ? Someone whom we have long since lost , Imagine a passage in a parallel world , You can slide in thousands of different worlds , The same year , the same person you are , but then everything was different , Imagine that you can not to find a way home , Skater What 's he doing ? No , I know , I 'm not a doctor , Snap out of it , man , That will not help him , He fell into a trance , Let him go , Maybe by itself startled , Not what I meant , Maybe this will help , The air in past the world has influenced him , Why not influence on us ? Maybe it is , - I Feel good , What worries me is what is calling Wade , For over a year carries tremendous guilt , I hope I did not experience nervous breakdown , I 'm not an expert , but sliding more than we do , Perhaps this is a side effect , You think you get sick from sliding too much ? The fact is that constantly skating from one dimension into another , It can not pass without physical and psychological consequences , Just a guess , Are you okay , Remmy ? I 'm back , Drago I see you , How you could return when you did not go anywhere ? What ? I went , I do not know where or how , but I was not here , Someone was with me , - Zvučalo as if talking to Wade , Maggie told us everything about her and Kromazima , I saw her , I think she was there with me , I saw many other things , I have not seen clearly , It was a very strange experience will ? , You think I 'm happy ? - No , - No , - NipoÅ ¡ to , Believe me , I was not here , Good , Lie down and get some sleep , We should all be sleep , Skate at dawn , Yes , Perhaps this is a consequence of that poor air , Probably this is the case , What 's going on ? Wake up ! What is it ? - l Guess I blew 're skating , What are you talking about ? We have another 45 minutes , Are you sure ? I did , I 've just seen a whirl , You may have accidentally activated timer while you slept , It 's all right , Remmy , You must have dreamed it all , Maybe you 're right , Hotel Chandler We slid into a hotel , You 're coming , That we had not happened yet , However , once we slid in pantry , This is a real room service , Perhaps we have become interdimensional distinguished guests , We have ten hours , Wake me for several centuries , I 'll wake you in 10 hours , - You Just had a good sleep , Terrible headache , I have to stop sleeping on the ground , Maybe you should visit doctor , Just tired , You may suffer from some physical disorder or of something serious , Something 's bothering him , What if you get crazy when we most need ? If not then go crazy , That will not happen , If this happens , we 'll stick together and draw it as always , Let him get some sleep , Rembrandt , why you do not want to talk to me ? It 's really me , Wade , They 're coming for me , Not much time , Please , say something , Go , - Remmy , Please ! Help me ! Come on , Go , - Remmy , Help me ! Remmy , please ! - Wade ! It 's all right , We are you , You had a nightmare , Again you dreamed Wade , Yes , you could say that , I think it was not a dream , The whole time you was here , You did not go anywhere , I agree , The whole time I was here , but I think me Wade tried to call , What are you looking for ? Not ashamed to ask for professional help , - Looking At the marketplace ? What is it ? Remmy is sick , Did he not want to help ? I 'm sorry , I just , I do not know what is , Probably what I overreacted , When all else fails , turn to Science , And what if it fails ? I do not know what you saw , but Maggie says that Wade probably dead , She 's still alive , I can not explain , but in some way I felt , It was not just a dream , Wade still alive and we have to find , You 're the only one seen , In order to find it ? I do not know , but we have to do something , Come here , What is it ? I do not know , If this is a dream , we are in it , Have you seen her ? Something we seen , Is that a wormhole ? I 'm reading nadvibracije , as if something from another dimension in this passes , but it is not a standard wormhole , It 's a portal ? - Where Are you going ? I do not know , The next time it appears , we must go through it , Just like that ? How do you know ? - Wade Told me , I can not explain it , Through awareness we passed a series of images , What kind of pictures ? - Sjećanja , I felt like that Wadeina relive memories , I felt it , Wade needs our help , She calls me with Across the aisle , How is that possible ? I do not know , Pat gave me everything worked , Maybe this is some kind of side effects which Wade served , You may be mentally associated with it , So you 're just gonna jump in the following whirl ? I will , Am I the only one who thinks it 's a bad idea ? Give me time , I will analyze data and discover what it is , No time , It leads us to ourselves , This is very important to you , right ? Yes , I 'm going with you , Really ? If Remmy says that is so , then it is so , If the readings are correct , the other side can be another dimension , but we may slip into nothing , In any case , it opens another whirl , Opt , I already did , New world , new opportunities , We 're still alive , I like that , Wade was in this world when I is seen , This was one of the images , Whatever we do , we have two hours and six minutes for it , Everything will be fine , Let 's go , I wish I had met Wade , Well we got along , He loves technology as and i , She was special , Courageously opposed dinosaurs , zombies and vampires , Maybe we are not too similar , I can not sellers can not oppose , Not all bad , I 'm not saying that this is not a great adventure , But ? But mainly I just want to go home and enjoy life with people I love , With you , , Half are my wishes come true , For me two years to haunt you is thrown in the camp because of me , I feel like a coward , - It Would be saved if you could , Do not be too sure , Manta aircraft , Hide , Man , Let 's go , - Go , This could be the cause of your connection , Kromazi , You think this is a trap ? No we would be the first time , Pat did not lure us here , I know how this looks , but that deletion of the brain at the First Earth long ago does not affect me , Maggie , you were with me when I searched for Quinn , How long Rembrandt was separated of us on a utopian world ? What are you saying ? How can we to know whether this is a real Rembrandt ? I thought it was He turned , not you , This place smells terrible , Where are we ? In a kind of kromaškog laboratories , Here are tattooed ones who have undergone DNA testing , What happened to those who did not ? Everything OK , Remmy , There are none , Probably they ran out of money , I can not imagine it is to be trapped here , I do not have to imagine , I can only recall , Wade ? - All you closer , Rembrandt , I feel you close to me , I feel you in my thoughts , I love you , I feel somehow more powerful , How did you bring here ? - I 'm not sure , My thoughts are you led , All I deteriorates , Close , I 'll try maintain a connection , Follow her , Take me , - Be cautious , You 're in danger , Kromazi have a new weapon , Do not worry , Nothing will prevent to find you , Why are we here , Wade ? Why are we in this place ? This is the last time we saw , Really ugly past memories , Sure you hate me , - I would never could hate you , Lay low until we can slip on , We will help him the next world , Even you 're not quite sure of this , - I Know it , They will do it with or without us , I intend to help him , I know this will sound crazy , but could We give him a tranquilizer , Inscriptions on kromaškom language , How do you know what it is ? This looks like standard equipment , Looks ? Is injected to give him that although you do not know what is it ? It 's for his own good , Let 's hurry or we will become permanent residents of this world , Suggest vote , - Can I vote ? Do not believe me , I do not blame you , - Remmy , It 's okay , You have to go , but I 'm staying here , I have to find , If I have to , I will seek it himself , It 's not even about that , When we clear the memory , forced me to go with you , You did it for my good and well you did , Sometimes we have to think of each other , Touche , We could arrange , Give me an hour to find it , If I do not succeed , we run away , And Box me in a straitjacket , Never you would not do that , We do not know what size you wear , Come on , You have one hour , Remmy , One hour from now , Do you know where to go ? Over here , and do not ask me how I know , Good God , Look at the size of that thing , Do not tell me that Wade inside , This kromaškoj base chronic lack of security , Insurance is good , but Wade helped us to override , Over here , This way , I feel it getting stronger , What are we doing here ? - Excerpt What is impossible , I 'd rather it performed with assault rifle and a stack of ammunition , Perhaps in this find something useful , See , - God , What 's going on here ? Things as they performed forced to Frankenstein and the vomiting , Are they and the camps in which you you been doing these things ? They did not , It seems that here went a step further , What if he and Wade in such thin ? It is not , It is there , What 's so funny ? - Wade Is set off the alarm , I do not know how you did it done , Kudos , Wade ? Good Lord , She 's still alive , I told you , I should not have doubted you , What did you do to her ? Remove the dirty Pat ! Interdimensional travelers , You are aware that people forbidden to use this technology ? - Write Us a penalty , Remmy , No , Wade ! What 's wrong ? - More Can not feel it , We have increased the supply of electricity in her cerebellum , It made more willing to cooperate , That 's why we with its help managed to bring her here from another dimension , Wade is really created those wormholes ? These were not the wormhole , At least not as they think they are , Your way of slipping among dimensions outdated , Wade is a part of it all ? It is the key to all of this , Along with everyone else , Used as a computer , Okay did you decided , But it is much more thereof , She kiberijada , Her mind grounds psioničkog drive , Of bending space to supply our interdimensional fleet , I do not understand , All of this can and technology slip , Consciousness is in theory part of space and time , but we can not mathematically prove , We 're proving it , The mind with a strong power of imagination can jump in any dimension , This is reminiscent of the movement of electrons around the nucleus , Terrific , man , Psionic units can power the drive , but we have to keep them under tranquilizers , Ironically , as we take advantage of the human mind as a weapon against people who were expelled , Using them will occupy KROMAG first , - Oslobodit We will , Take them to the cell and throw this junk , I 'm sorry that we and trespassed , Wade ! Pathetic , Mark my words , Kromarvo , We 'll get her out of here , Why did you do that ? - Popravljam Our prospects , I 've languished in kromaškoj cell , I have no intention lose more friends ! Rembrandt , Do not worry about Maggie , A long time ago do not kill KROMAG , Bring bandages , sheets , anything , Why did you do that ? Before I die , but do it to anyone else , What 's that ? At first , Wade and me held together in the cell , We knew that we had bugged so we did not talk , but it was easier because we were together , Then we were split up in order tests , I was gone for hours , When completed , they threw me in a cell , Wade me sometimes welcomed there , and sometimes not , Danced with my intellect , They kept me drugged , They started me priviđati things , In time , I no longer knew whether people with me in the cell actually Wade , How could I do with know for sure ? You could not , We all know what they all Kromazi able to do , I stopped communicating with her , and then they took her , They struggled , cried , and I just sat there , They told me to speak or will take her to the breeding camp , I thought me just trying to break , More is not seen , You did not know it was her , I tried to convinced that it was a ruse , if playing with my reason that I spoke , But that 's all nonsense , Do you know why ? Why ? - When They took her , in its I eyes have seen the pain and fear , That was it , I told them all about us , I begged them to return it , After two months you and Quinn pulled me , Again , I was let down , That 's not quite true , You shut her tranquilizer ? It would be good to keep a connection with her , Her help will come in handy , What are we waiting for ? Even you and me fooled , Are you okay ? Operation of tranquilizers slackened , Again I feel Wade , They moved it , Where ? - Ondje , There are control manta aircraft , The invasion is about to begin , Are you still connected to Wade ? I did , The connection is blurry , Still weak , Soon he finds out that it is not under the influence of agents , What do we do then ? Help me , I 'm running out of ideas , We 'll find a way to get , Yes we go ? It will be a little harder , Remmy , focus on Wade , Close your eyes , Concentrate , Send her a message , He manages you , Come on , people , Let 's go , Which way ? We want to get to the control room , That way , Hold it , We have a plan ? We 'll improvise , baby , Just checking , This way , It 's nice for a change underestimate the human capacity , I do not intend to repeat that mistake , Cunning you do that , - You Can We dislike , - Uzalud Did it , Witness our greatest triumph , liberation of our home world , Here Kesh , Prepare to launch , Begin interdimensional bending , Once we cross klizozamku , we shall leave anti human plague , This we owe to your friend and her colleagues , Unfortunately , the efforts of the mission likely to burn their brains , It is more beautiful side of the war , Again she was drugged , Can you reach her ? I do not know , There must be a way to exclude the operation of the system , Wade , it 's time , Pat will all take them now if you do not prevent , Talk to me ! Remmy ? Are you there ? - I 'm here , You must help us , - Where are we ? As I get here ? I 'm confused , 55 seconds to launch , Do you remember what you did with the door and the alarm ? You have to somehow to connect to the control panel , I can not get into , The system is protected You 're the system , You 've got to go , I can not focus , Too many drugs , - Try , Lock the door , I locked them , - She does not know what they did to her , I 'll turn electrical stimulus , This will boost her consciousness , Do not worry , Wade , We 'll get you , I have a voice interface , Can you ? They can , but a protective mechanism he 'll kill her if separate , I have to see , I have know what they did to me , Let me I look through your eyes , No time , Every moment will fall , I can not deny her that , She deserves to know the truth , Come on , Wade , But will not you is like what you see , No ! What 's going on ? Adrenaline is removed the effect of tranquilizers , It is fully awake , Listen to me , Kromazi will each time to break in , You must escape immediately , I do not know where to drift , but you have to go , This ship is not going anywhere , We 're not leaving , - You can not help me , I can be with you , - Kližemo for 20 seconds , - Are You going with us ? I 'm not going ! Go ! You can not save her , Remmy ! I already was one left ! I will not do it again ! I need you , I love you , Remmy , but not can not let you do it , We lost them all , Professor , Wade , Quinn , Colin , Remmyja , Keep the game going , I 've had enough , I do not want to go further , Remmy , Thank God , What happened ? I do not know , but Wade managed , Destroyed them , She destroyed the aircraft , the control room and all the rest and transferred me here , What happened to her ? I do not know , I am no longer connected with her , but somehow I feel , I will always be with you , Remmy , I 'll be there whenever you need me ,
