 Once we had only two minutes , Hold it ! Do you have a formula ? Here it is , Where we friend ? Hold on , Commissioner , We brought you wanted , What more do you want ? Slowly Come and put a formula in box , Then we will deliver it , Flannigan ! I kind of guessed ! Only should you so low down and sent spies to steal my secret sauce ! Hubert , do not play me that innocent burger king ! You crossed all limits when you 're throwing napalm on the shipment of my toy ! You 're not so innocent ! - Žderite This tart bastards ! There she is ! - It Seems that the injured , I 'll get her , Hurry up , I 'll fill you lead , rotten kings ! Hey , Three , two , one ! Next time you 're looking for a job , Do not go to fast-food restaurants , Where did I know that we will be find a restaurant in the middle of the war ? It 's crazy fighting competition , What a strange world , Diana , are you okay ? What is it ? I do not know , Imagine a portal into a parallel world , You can slide in thousands of different worlds , The same year , same you person , but everything else is different , Imagine that you can not home , Skater THOUSAND DEATHS No , do not ! Sorry , I thought you light mind , No , feel free to let light , What happened ? Where are we ? We - Izvukli and of those clowns , You barely managed to slip , Now we 're in a beautiful hotel , Remmy and Mallory visit it , but it seems to be normal , Finally , a normal place , Last chance to sign up for Civil War , The game starts in 10 minutes , Dude , how are you ? You bet , Here we do not need a job thanks to my account , We will need a lot of money because we slid into the world of entertainment , We can spend it the lot , Damn ! Without happiness and in love and in cosmic disintegrator , You need to tell her that they are not bit only points , Or maybe you should not drink beer before ten ? It 's part of a healthy breakfast , If you ask me , we 're on vacation , - Odmor ? It 's not a bad idea , Well , when in Rome , I hope you will not ‡ e doÄ ‡ to that , DoÄ 'i , Here you are , maybe you 're better , How are you ? - I Got better , I thought I was solve this little problem , Can you help out ? No , unless you have cure for claustrophobia , It is the memory of my childhood , And they have these crazy clowns close in box , Yes , it was small and dark , Imagine a bright girl who decided to lock in the teacher 's cabinet , She wanted to see how the dark really dark , But the trouble is that I 'm so remained locked over the weekend , It was not a pleasant experience , How was I out ? Almost two days , Inside , it was very dark , Just like in that cupboard , I did not know how much time elapsed and I was sure that I was dead , Sorry , I do not want to bother with it , Sometimes I can be a real pain , It sounds awful , You are not a pain , For a long skate and accumulated to that in you , I understand it 's hard , You are now our scientist you always ask for advice , We are no nearer finding Remmyjeva home or Colin , Surely this is very troubling , Yes , every day , Look who woke up , I knew that you are evil clowns can do nothing , How is it ? - Uptight The food be able to eat for a month , Super ! But this does not want to miss , I 'm Mark Einman , lead company Einman Entertainment , Personally I call the Arcade , modern family entertainment center in the world ! In the arcade you will experience some of the 30 incredibly realistic scenarios , Be a general in the Civil War , The police detective or a fighter pilot , In the arcade there are no boundaries ! The limited time bid for California residents , we offer ten US dollars cheaper family tickets , leopard Lisa , Muscle Melina , what you two say ? We 're going to a spa , Come to Arcade , the most fun place in the world ! In this world lives for the game , They have superbly developed entertainment industry , We 're so fun , This is Einman owner of the entire industry , Type actually rules the world , Here we are two and a half days , Instead that we are in constant fear of life , I suggest you have a little fun , Are you in ? I do not know , it sounds to me that it is more for men , What do you mean ? In addition to the Roman baths that is mentioned , The hot mineral bath could use , Maggie , are you for the men 's games ? No , thank you , I 'm going rather with Diana in the bath , This will be great ! See you , Hi , Guys are guys , People , this is the last chance to log in western world , Fasten your lasso your sweetheart or precious and come in the world of westerns ! Log in ten minutes ! What are you ? Some smuggler ? No , but tough detective from the 70s , Once you 've had a major scene , I know , I saw photos his parents in his youth , I do not want to offend , but my The northern option , I wanted to be among Lee generals , But an ordinary soldier , In this game progresses from the lowest to the highest rank , I know it is not real , but I wanted to meet Lee , Thus it is difficult , Interest in history ? Like little I did not like the book , But interests change during 're in a wheelchair , I know that story , Nothing ever turns out as you hope , When I raged with the band , was I 'm interesting Hollywood hot shots , Really ? I should have to play cop , but it fell through , Problem popularity is that you sooner or later cease to be popular , I really look , - Watch What you say , Lovely , absolutely lovely , Clever mine , You go , ABSOLUTE PLEASURE Hi , I 'm Fred , You are certainly my partner , - Partner ? You picked a police scenario , right not ? Yes , I did , I am Rembrandt , Have you ever played this game ? - I Play the almost daily , Really ? You 're new , right ? Hold on me and everything will be clear , Ignore introductory video , it is only a bunch of nonsense security , Let 's go ! This just looks really ! We 're outside ? We 're not , this indoor playground , Holograms work only in a closed area , - All Are holograms ? Too bad , Sophisticated interactive holograms projected in the electrostatic field , In other words , get down if you go hit , The bullets are not real , do not worry , But this is pretty real , That 's our car ? Yes , This is lovely , - Still To , If I understand correctly , we are looking for a kidnapped girl , Speak up to your boss , examine informants and throw it in the search , Yes , let 's say , General Lee , you 're wrong if you attack the pass , No , not good , I apologize , but General Longstreet 's right , The attack on the environment is very bad idea , Yes , I 'll tell him ! Come on , all or nothing , Get the guns ! Fire ! I need a shot ! Why kill us ? This is not a game , Thank you , Thank you , You know , I kind of got the impression that you would prefer go with Rembrandt , I still can not change your mind , USA I 'm fine , Do not mess with me , Diana , not that I did not wanted to go with you , but , I 'm used to hang with the boys , You know , I 've always had this problem , I 've always had more friends than friend , I 'm not so wanted , but some are now women considered dangerous , Really ? And you ? No , not at all , At first you could not place , but were not dangerous , It 's not you , but the people who feel threatened , Beckettice , you are completely in place , I was thinking something , How you to be sure you were dead ? For me , the idea of ​ ​ death as you and stay on the dark box , Utter nothingness , You 're not claustrophobic , but is afraid of the dark and nothingness , Simply , you are afraid of death , Hey , what 's going on ? According to a tip that you extorted beatings , should be here , Let 's be skulirani , So nobody gets hurt , Can ? Whatever , I can not believe we had to go by the order , Is not that right under the law ? Maybe in real life , Freeze , motherfucker ! Protects your back on me , partner ! What 's gotten into you ? Thought that is the bad guy , - Well Was not ! Are you going to shoot at anything that moves ? I will not , Nice , Then do not , Stick to the script , Act like a cop ! Yes , much that means to me when It says dude dressed like you , Who 's the man ? Downtown Brown , Who will shoot the bad guys ? Downtown Brown , What was that I take high heels ! Hold it ! Police ! Look , man , You 'll hit the girl ! Let 's go ! Slowly , the old , You have to learn patience , Yes , be patient you , Hey , you ! Hold it ! Only slowly , no one will harm you , Now it 's over , You killed her ! But I killed him , Watch out ! The victim can not kill ! Sorry , but itself to be in this position , What does it matter ? Anyway , is not real , It is not up to it , Lost we play , - Resetirat Will is , Who cares about winning ? The goal is to have fun ! I do not want to play anymore ! You screwed up my good feeling ! Want to pokačiti with me ? Is it ? Go ahead , you mug ! Bring it on ! That 's what I thought , Be a doctor in the emergency department , The script starts in 15 minutes , I did not expect here , - Preskočit Will this war , Have not you been hot for it ? I did , but for people , not for fighting , I was hoping to witness the most important events of our history , When the brother hit his brother , the cruelty of slavery , divided nation , Some here do not get the point , - I Am afraid , soldier , I think we will not get it , My trip to the detective water was massacre , partner frantically shot , This interactive experience actually are the high-shooter , Thank me enough , Why play that game when it is constantly experiencing ? And free , That 's right , He kept a badge , Like a souvenir , You 're really wanted the role , huh ? I thought I 'd make it up to now , I have not much to miss , Meet rest of the team and let 's go from here , Closed ? How to ? Do you see them somewhere ? They told us to meet at 14 h , It was after ten minutes , Let 's check database , Here it is , there are all registered visitors , It says that the treatment over and that they all came out , According to this Diana and Maggie never were not there , That 's impossible , We have seen when they are applied , Just say what it says , Sorry , this is not an area for visitors , Can I help you ? We are looking for two friends who had come to the spa , I am Mr , Flint , General Manager , Does the list of registered ? They did not , Then could not possibly be here , But we have seen how to enter , You must be mistaken , Please , get out of this zones or I 'll call the security guards , Enjoy the arcade , most entertaining place in the world , Something stinks with that guy , Me too , Come on , there may be an entrance for staff , There 's no one , However they were here , - Flint lied to us , I wonder why , We need to find someone who will say as to what is going on , I have a crazy idea , Safe We will holograms know to say , The idea is you absolutely insane , They are just computer projections , I know , but in my simulation is one wanted to communicate , He told me something interesting , said that it is not a game , Wait , I have an informant on the streets of New York , Maybe he has to know how to say something more , It pays to ask , Just do not take partners , You 're right , I will not , Come on , badgers , Exit holes , Diana ? What are you doing here ? We looked at the bath , You talking to me ? And who else , baby ? Who are you talking ? With these man , he asked me out on a date , Let me do my job , - No , The guy 's a cop , Wait a minute ! Diana , wait ! Well it is simple projections , we can not do nothing , Diana ? No ! Hey , sorry ! Dude , do you remember me ? You 've already addressed today , before you died , Why these constant kill ? I need your help , I died a thousand times , You can not die , you 're a computer program , I already felt a hundred times we lead shrapnel tearing flesh , I walked up to the light , but every time I come back here , You 're not real , You are projections , and thou shalt come alive , Just to re died , But , I will not after this , I got an exemption , Super , - The second wave is coming ! Yanks on the left side , - What do I do now ? Guys , let 's go ! Let 's have you southerners ! Maggie ? I know that the spa is not your style , but , Maggie ! Maggie ! What 's this ? That was not , but her projection , It was a hologram ? Yeah , I 've seen Diana hologram in New York , Come on , You sure it was not she ? Except if you are not thrown into prostitution , I accidentally shot and disappeared before my eyes , Come on , there is one way out , Why would you take for characters Maggie and Diane ? That we must discover , Again I met the soldier , told me only that he died a thousand times , What did he mean ? I 'm not an expert on such matters , Maybe revolve always the same simulation and these people are dying a thousand times , I killed a thousand times , - What Are you ? Remember I told you how I read widely in a wheelchair ? Yes , I 'm not just doing it , I played a lot of games , Mostly shooting , I spent hours staring at the monitor and rocked everything that moves , It did not occur to me to kill some characters , thousands of them , Something like my ex-partner Freda , Or most in this world , Come on , You caught me , What ? Mr , Einman does not like us technicians catches visitors , it 's bad for business , This is a real man , We are interested in some technical questions how this all works , I must say , I 'd have broken the rules , The staff in any case not show system operation visitors , Det , John Shaft , my partner Dick , We investigate unexplained disappearances , Do not be your nightmare must , You dig ? Let 's go , Okay , Solve this with my supervisors , junior managers tend to be a hassle , Is not this the most fun place in the world ? - For Workers is not safe , Einman running the business with an iron fist , What is here ? I do not know , there is no entry , Hale , do you have children ? Then what , Hal Jr , is great , President the drama group at your school , Juana is very interested in welding , They both love them very much , Hale , we discovered a problem that will shake the company from the ground up , Maybe bring down Einmana and his empire of entertainment , Do not you want children to provide more beautiful future without leopardica Lisa ? You go ! What 's this ? - Čekaonica Hell , I have heard many stories , but still , What kind of stories ? Yes people disappear and that they are hiding in strange places , European scandal no one took seriously , everyone thought that it spin because the job did not go , But this is really terrible , Here it is ! It 's all right , You 're safe , What a strange dream dreaming , he looked so real , You shot me and I died , Where is Maggie ? - I Was still found , Come on , What happened ? I remember that our technician said how the players are more skilled and progressing faster than the game , Game designers have struggled with copying reaction of the human brain so they decided to integrate living people that drives the hologram in the simulation , What 's going on ? Exactly died , That is to say , he died his hologram , No , his brain is briefly died , Then it come alive and reset for a new game , Each host can be used a thousand times before he goes crazy , Experience the death of a thousand times , This is a living hell , She 's not here , There 's more safe 50 of these rooms , It could be anywhere , Did you see a girl in simulation of the Civil War ? I did , Because of her , I repaired projector , Then there was no soldier , I thought the system scheduled , did not know about this , Let Maggie still messing system , Sure he wanted to communicate , Mr , Flint ? Yeah ? What 's going on here ? I do not know , sir , You do not know ? Look at this , These are obviously visitors , not our employees , They came to holodomaćina , They have nothing to look for there , I understand , I will solve it immediately , You 're already supposed to solve , Insurance , tells you g , Einman , The room B we have intruders , Immediately send things let them slain , We need to find Maggie , Every hour the security guards , I saw her hologram , Look for it when you reset the game , Maybe tells where the hold , He will not , Diana did not recognize me hologram , Remember when I killed you ? - Svega I remember , but I could not react , The host is an inhibitor to computer can manipulate them , Without that Maggie could communicate with us ? - Like The soldier , Can you turn off the inhibitors ? - I Could disconnect power , Tell you what , turn off We and inhibitors , Let 's find Maggie and if he luck , they 'll tell us where he is holding , We will be difficult with so many security guards , - Einman Has its own private army , Let 's get out ! Be there , it crossed my mind to something , General Lee , with the left We flank approach northerners , They have real bullets ! Do not stand Reality ? I want my money ! Just a little , Here 's Maggie , Good is what her can not hurt , Can I , Mallory , When you hooked up to a machine , all feel , Bol , bullets and death , Do not go through that again , Who knows how her brain damaged , Remmy , how much ? I - Gotov , Inhibitors briefly excluded , - Still Only slightly , They can not shoot it , What 's going on ? Come on , guys ! This is not over ! Are we to them after all let impunity ? We will not ! How many more times you die just to entertain others ? Our bullets they can not do anything , But we have hands and swords ! Our 'll beat them guns ! I know you are tired of this ! I know you do not want to fight anymore ! We have another reason to be afraid , the only the real reason , Fight for liberty ! For freedom and justice ! Charge ! Note , that the projections , I can not do nothing , Turning off the inhibitor did not so that the bullets become real , We did not , guys shooting blanks , But I do not shoot , He 's been shot ! Yes ! If you had seen him lead onslaught , It took this record , How are you ? Okay , I guess , I have not entirely his , That 's where you 're right , What the hell is going on here ? You shut the simulation ! Empty arena ! I understand , Game over , As we say in the 70s : You 're under arrest , Mr , Einman abducted victims in resorts around the world , I had no idea what happens , I am a family man , Is not this terrible Beckettica ? - She You were great , And I ? I tries , I saw , gray looks great standing , Lord , please your statement ! This does not change anything , People will find other sources of entertainment , It is not clear to you ? All We are warriors inside , It 's all part of our animal instinct , There will always be a need for my business and my services , Einmane , once I worked in a desperate diner , The head was awful cooking , but work he went , He told me why , " Son , if only poslužuješ potion , people will eventually get used and will not want anything more , " I 've rested enough here , And I 've been through enough , How do you now makes the dark ? What do you talk ? What did you saw ? - Svjetlost At the end of the tunnel , I have experienced life outside their the universe and life after death , Indeed there is a life after this , I had to die to realize it , I 'm not afraid of the dark , Now we still have a whole day stay , We 're going to eat , I was hungry , Can , Who 's for a burger ? What did I say ?
