 Ouch ! This seems familiar , Maybe all of these backwoods nowhere more confused , Caution ! You never know in which we bump , You might be hungry dinosaurs , Seemingly everything is fine , No large matrix fluctuations , That hate ! Make my day and tell me that skate on for 20 minutes , If more than an hour , not I want to know , Three days ! Ouch ! Scientifically , Diana : how grown up man can survive without coffee ? Decaf or regular ? - It Is also water is good , We 're looking for civilization ! I need to store shoes ! My feet hurt , Dennis Hopper just as not ridden , Peter Fonda in the film driving with training wheels , Nicholson are in wheels had to adhere to , All right ? - Is It a mirage ? I do not know what is , but welcome it , Do not hurry him , - Look Sign ! In this middle of nowhere ? Maybe we the world 's trusted driver , Hey ! We 're lost , Can give us a ride into town ? Sorry to bother you , I like interference , Do you know where we 're going ? Depends what were lucky , I work for the Kincaid Petro , We have two-week shifts , My name is Sam , Mallory , I had a girlfriend at named Sam , Samantha , Where did it go ? I do not know , When I one day woke up , she was gone , - Life ! I was young and wild , Me too , Not so young , but wild , Really ? Do you have documents ? What ? - Nemaš a record book ? We 're not from here , It could be nasty problems , Leave everything to me , Hi ! I 'm afraid that I screwed up , How to ? - Dokumenti Were his with me and I lost them , We were running late on the bus , I was curve , Somewhere I have misplaced , I 'm torn when I 'm late , Make sure you are on time , Neither my company has no documents , What is it , Phil ? Dead chimney , Yesterday they attacked the refinery , This is a wrong turn , Ministry of air quality announced the war chimneys , Here are the consequence ! Imagine you find a way in a parallel universe ? To glide in thousands of other worlds ? The same year and you 're the same person , But everything else about different ? obvious , what if you can not come back home You know ‡ and ? Skater SLIDE IN THE SADDLE The place looks hospitable , How anyone , Just be prepared , For what ? Propaganda Ministry in panic that chimneys hit again , The guard said that the dead man chimney , Nasty are ? How anyone , Ministry of the outlaws : do not give up the engine and under the warrant for his arrest , Wild West ! - Gorivne Engines banned a year ago , The law of the purity of air , - A Bus ? - Drive On hydrogen , No private cars , You can share state , but waiting for eight months , What does he do oilman Kincaid Petra paints , plastics , cosmetics , Salad dressing ! For what it is report this ? - For Drivers , I always need them , the pay is great , I do not know how to drive a truck , You 'll know , You will pass a short training , - Briefly And I drive : I can see a crash ! Thee will I learn , We have no Mallory , I admire him as customizable , He kissed him ! Do people here love ? I do not know it , Sometimes it 's better , We have a only three days , Must hurry , She does not know it , and kissed it is , Out of the blue ! Can another round ? - When not be able to , you 'll know , How to ? My head will fall on the bar , I still hold about you I open the account , - Can ! We just met , and as to know , for hours ! Very funny ! In the past you life was a comedian ? At one time I was a biker , Really ? To live here , I would probably was in chimneys , - The big words , You 're going to arrest me ? - I Could , Beware of the field , Chimneys everywhere plagued , The Ministry has the right ? They 're dangerous ? A series of species , No one new policy was not well will , But chimneys is not plum , At first we sympathized with them , but no longer , They steal and kill , Be careful , To which are platform ? We 're driving crude oil to the refinery , Two vessels , $ 14 , Put it on my bill , - The Driver immediately pay , Can we go to , an intimate place ? Up to 11 hours we have be in the workers ' home , At home ? I saw a motel , Cable , vibro-bed , minibar , They fired us , Company policy , I hate this job , Hold on , Commissioner , Just tonight , It pays to , I promise , I believe ! We drive in the company of , What is the SUV ? - The kind , I guess I can handle , But drives you : I am your escort , Then reengage , How do you mean ? Take the gun ! The first ride for two hours , You 've got to practice , I would have preferred to have two wheels , not the 18th Each horse to tame , There is no point disposed , Move it ! Great sound , - Transmisija Is probably lost their teeth , Speaking of teeth , your are phenomenal , How many trucks have speed ? - 12 , No , - 14 ? 16 ? He would hit it sooner or later , Now I have a question , Let 's hear it , Are you a Ever had sex in a truck ? You only that mean ? - In The beginning , After I find out what coffee , wine and music you love , And to make you scratch your back , But at the beginning of it all starts with sex , You 've got good style , Please documents , Often you escort ? What do you think I fear ? I do not know , I 'm new , On delivery regularly sent Lizards , You are not a lizard , I am a fool , Explain why they drive only bucks and fools ? Bucks do not know what they are going , Fools have a variety of reasons , I am obliged to the neck two gamblers , Interest must pay within ten days , and this is the most profitable business , What should it be ? As if chimneys occurs where we are , He 's still very young , - If Us attack , will never grow old , Why attack the trucks ? - Drive Illegal MUI-e , What is it ? - moto Internal combustion , Motorcycles , Crude oil processed into gasoline , I guess improvised refinery , Marry a piece of cake ! Today we had a great happiness , What do you mean ? Partner told me that chimneys attacking nearly all the convoys , Indeed , happiness , Or we face , Do not push your luck , Mallory , He 's right , We earn beaucoup dinero , Everything is great ! The little mushy , I do not know , but it is certainly something crashed , What 's this ? Maybe we here is some stray CD , Come , on the house , A toast to new drivers ! Safe driving , both directions without attacks , What is the secret ? I guess we were dangerous , - Opasno ? Dangerous ! Sure ! Pass it on : dangerous in three acts ! Yes ! Cheers ! What is it ? Deletes , - We 're Here , What 's going on ? I can not tell you , That to me does not pass , Where are you going ? Do not run away from you , but I have to be away from here , I 'll go with you , I do not intend to lose , You do not know what you 're going to get stuck , If I 'm with you , it does not matter , In chimneys I , And I 'm got scared that something bad , What are you doing here ? - He Put myself I get a delivery schedule , You saw the guy ? I did not , - From The Ministry , Probably has my description because I was under the warrant for his arrest , If you 're sick , you can sign up and pick up the prize ? I 'm not kidding , If we pigs destroyed , everything is theirs , So what do you say ? We 're wasting time , Evans , head of security at the Ministry air quality , You are new drivers ? That 's it , I hear that you are doing great , Just catch the direction north and ride ! Until now you had any problems ? On the way back we broke Tyre , Well chimney is not it ? We saw only one , subtracted , What about her ? Have you seen her ? - Who is ? That 's not what I asked , We do not know the name , The gang is The climax , What ? - When The so called , certainly is dangerous , - Voda , We learn that you might throw in Kincaid , We do not know when and where , Then ? I do not recognize a , I 'm sorry , I wish ! If you see her , call me , I was in chimneys ? Obviously , And Mallory went with it , Kidnapped him ? A woman who was called Menopause does not have to scramble men , What do we do now ? - Kližemo For 36 hours , If the cops can not find , as we do ? Not much , but I like it , Me too , You 're the chief ? - On Some way , Does this affect our relationship ? Just water ! This is Mallory , My boyfriend , So that 's our boy ! He won five in a row ! Sure it can not win , Come on , do not drive long , Driving stays in your blood , Come on ! Come and villains , - Otrove ! Dropping off challengers , Guys , give us the engine , You fear , poison ? Give we do beer , I do not give , Great , Thank you ! Thank you ! Looks good on you , Ren e , let the spear ! Super , You have to ride more often , The engine 's a great fit , Come to mama ! How do you do , you guys ? It looks good , Bravo , You go guys , Sit down , Are you hungry ? I did , And also curious , You have a servant ? Well , not exactly servants , Excellent ! What is it ? - Tiramisu , The Italian word for cellulite , Makeup ! Is that we live in the wild , But we enjoy the delicacies , Speaking of which , Are you for real dessert ? I was left speechless , We can only moan , For example , Yeah , And , And best of all , It was the best of everything , I would not change the subject , but , You want to know what is really going on , In town people want your head , Type the checkpoint , - We Were friends , We called him The Hammer , They gave us a vivid example , I will not lie , We are at war , A Ministry has a larger army , But we have something that they will never understand , What ? - just Goal , In free ride to where we will , To leave us alone , Strange 's what we do right ready to die ? It is not , For this many died , Would you ? So far I have not had choose , Would you have ? For you , I probably would , I have to tell you something , Attacks on convoys not either because I am banned , That 's what I figured , Now we were out and stuff change , Tomorrow we attack , In the convoy are my friends ! Tell them not to go , Oil is ours , Folks ! We need to talk , Where are you so far ? - Murja These searches girl , I know , I decided to stay with her , What ? But in chimneys is ! Is revolutionary , A revolution man can get his head , I love her , - Mallory , We do not judge anyone , If you love her , great , But do not be blind , Backsliding is , I do not think so , She 's Robin Hood and now you 're in the family ? You say that anyone can stay if thinks he 's found the world by far , These people I greatly reminiscent of the old society , With no one I was not so intimate , And there 's also Sam , There 's that , I wanted to say goodbye to you , Thanks for a great time , All right , Do me a favor , Today , do not drive , Why ? - Prepare Attack , What do you mean ? When ? Where ? I do not know , Just do not drive , Wait skating and flee , Do we 'll just let ? We 're not , But now nothing comes to my mind , - No It can not slip , The decision is his , Although it is stupid , How much time do we have ? Five and a half hours , We need to tell someone , It could would hurt many innocent people , I have to interrupt , Good morning ! You 're late ? Indeed she , We quit , Why ? - Navodno Will chimneys hit today , Do not send the convoy , The real bomb , How did you hear ? Culi We are in a bar , It sounded serious , Not true , And other objects , For example , I know , I found out his name , Vehicles in your team , You know that , Why did not you tell ? - Štitili We are friends , Mallory , Noble ! - Otkažite delivery , If people do not get hurt , He 'll get hurt ! The convoy going according to the schedule , Ministry gives drivers and guards , I waited for this opportunity ! I ? I 'm here , baby ! Hi ! What is this ? Come on ! You got it twisted , I did not want to hear the truth , Come on over and relax , There 's room , I 'm not for this , Bad moment , Wrong world ! Come on , Mallory ! These are my men , Two , Are there any more ? - More Two , We both live , In our the state is a legitimate thing , I feel like a fool , You 've got two guys in bed and you think it 's okay because you 're married to them , - Don 't Would be better if I did not ? For what am I ? Do not you get it ? I want to get married and to be my first husband , Shocked you , Eventually will all come into their own , It will not ! Let me talk to you later attacks , I 'm not going to attack , What will become of us ? - No we , You 're with them , Yet you do not die for higher purpose ? - For This is not , And if I get divorced ? - S One by one or in a package ? You 're childish , Listen , Whether We had a nice , but failed , I return to my friends , Mallory ! Can I borrow the engine ? - Can , but think about it ! I love you , Lightly to say , - The Way culture , It has always been so , There Will Be Blood , And perhaps dead , I 'll try not to be ! Not we want to kill , But defending the rights ! You might get hurt , - I Knew you loved me , Come with us , Be ours ! I can not , Then go , Get out ! Give him a motorcycle ! When you called his own , you told them and to attack ? I did , My plan is brilliant : he said Friends , those companies , Cops in the kit goes in a convoy ! We 'll talk later , Do not left town ! We do not have transportation , My name helicopter ! We 're moving , Follow afar , Fly below 30 m , Do you think that Mallory attack with chimneys ? If even remotely clever , will not , He 'll come back to us , Do not say anything , What happened ? - Ponudila My marriage , I knew that there break , Does it not love ? I love her , But in bed she is a crowd , Already have husbands ? Four of you , You knew that polygamy ? - Naculi Are in the town , You do not want to share ? I still intend to attack ? Yes , Bar gang out of town remains safe , What 's going on ? She set me up ! Since the beginning they intended to attack the pumping station , She wanted to convoy lure cops , We have 58 minutes , What are you going take ? What I can , After him ! Hold on ! After him ! Connect the tank to the pump ! Pump it faster ! He killed Maglia , What about him ? Kill him ! Yes ! Let 's go ! Sam ! No need to anyone killed , He must ! You said you do not kill if you do not have to , Now defend their rights , They killed our second and must comply , Then we 're all lying , Hold it ! I love you , Why us you do not want to understand ? I realized , but too late , You are brave , I could use , And you 'll kill me ? Us all ? And you say you are in the Ministry Gestapo , Too gamble , Ministry of us killed the other , He has to pay , - Ispadate Same as those ! Prove that you are not , Yes story the honor is not just a story , How to ? - Izazivam Best rider to a joust , If I win , you will pick up , If he wins , wear oil , But you do not have to kill anyone , Agreed ! - That Needs , Who is the best ? Yes ! Joust ? As with the King Arthur ? You do not know about duels , They said I was naturally gifted , - Klizimo For ten minutes , Do we wipe out and we will not solve anything ? Okay , Good luck ! Let 's go , It 's okay ! Next , Mallory ! Mallory ! Next , Mallory ! Are you all right ? Slowly , One , two , three , Back ! I 'm fine , You need a doctor , So do you , It is to be beautiful , It 's not , I 'm jealous type , Get outta here ! Does it hurt ? - Preživjet Will , Reminded me of Ivanhoe , - Which Ivana ?
