 Are you okay ? Never better ! This was crazy ! When is the next ride ? - For Ten hours , g , Olympics , - Vjetrovito Is , How do we call this world ? Data universal ? - Data universal , These things never used man , - Data Universal tools , Data Universal pharmacy , Data Universal travel , Where are Data Universal restaurants ? I 'm starving , Anyone got a coin ? I 'm not going fast food , I want a normal meal , Then we go somewhere the pasta , Okay , This machine does not accept money , - Please , enter your OIB , Enter the OIB , I left it at home , Please press one , Please wait , Hey ! Hold it ! Imagine a passage in a parallel world , You can slide in thousands of different worlds , The same year , the same person you are , but then everything was different , you can not find a way home , Skater What the hell just happened ? Here is the keyboard , Maggie is obviously something launched , Coffee eating customers ? Okay 11 , do not turn off obviously , Chips , coffee , sweets , It all seems normal , This is the camera , and the latter device looks like a scanner , Someone 's watching us ? What do you think about what it is ? - O Data Universal , They certainly keep Maggie , We have less than 10 hours , Let 's go , Hello YOUR friends Data Universal , I 'm A-5579 and will will your personal accountant , Where am I ? - after Put your bar code on the screen , we will dedicate ourselves to the processing of your application , I did not seek for anything reported , They kidnapped me and brought me here , Sorry you have lost in the bureaucracy , If you cooperate , fast will take you back to Legal , I do not have time for this , Friends waiting for me , Why am I here ? You are trying to use the money , You do not use the money here , Where was I thinking ? What follows ? Build I 'll chip in your head ? Inject the number in the bone ? You have I will wear this stupid bracelet ? I 'd like one normally buy chewing gum , not to end up in the gulag , Asks you too , sir Number ? 5579-A , Whatever , I 'm sorry you 're angry , but while you does not scan , we can not continue , Scan this , No phone directory , - Call Information , Thank you for using customer service information , Do you have any number of Data Universal ? For help , press one and then enter your social security number , I do not have OIB , Trying come to Data Universal , Please , immediately enter OIB , Dude , This phone has a dial the rotation , Hello ? Hello ? This is reminiscent of the song : feel like a number , but I am not a number , I managed to get right , Give me a lever , Easy , Welcome to the kiosk Data uniwersala , Please enter the OIB , Hello , 491538166B , waiting for you your copy News and Business Weekly , With your account will be charged $ 2,95 , Thank you for shopping Data universally , I apologize , Sorry They are very rude , Maybe they shy , - No PIN does not exist , A society without money , Who knows if he is informed about it , What ? You think I 'm homeless ? He speaks , Except that I know and stand and bang , my friend , So watch what you say , Sorry , we did not want to , Here no one wants , To talk ? I know , Human interaction is extinct , Probably because those chats , You look as if you do not have money , Do you want to buy OIB ? You will receive a new identity with a bunch of loans , We need only information , And they are looking for from a man ? You are some kind of demonstrators ? I know , you are fighting for the environment ! We are not from here , I am Diana , and these are Rembrandt and Mallory , Data Universal thinks I 'm 719-something , but I 'm Arlo Higgins , Our friend is took the van without a driver , Obviously you are far away when you do not know for catchers , - From the second we world , Resin , Your friend will be probably get lost in the system , We can not give so easily discouraged , We 'll get it at all Price , Can you help us ? I 'd like to specify shot high-D , ju , I would very much liked it , Come , Imam some things that will help , How long will I keep here ? - That depends on you , I want to help you , but you will start to work , What should I do ? - That 's better , Put your bracelet with the scanner , Temporary OIB 36041688A confirmed , Great , I 'll call 360th Call me Maggie , - is against our policies , Call me or Miss Maggie Beckett , These are the only choices , Well , I 'll call you Maggie , Thank you very much , So , Maggie , will agree we will profile that will reply , It 's for your own good , Good , Let 's do it , If you want to live in an urban the middle , press one , For suburb press two , and the rural environment , press three , It 's not that simple , - Yes , No , no , All my life conducted in various military bases , Often we moved , sometimes near the city , and sometimes not , The most beautiful I was in a house in San Francisco with her husband , Stephen , This house had a beautiful garden , San Francisco 's large urban environment , Press the number one , I do not like your name , - Excuse me ? That 's not the name , but no , If you can call me Maggie , I can not call you , Guy , I 'll call you Guy , You are very demanding client , That 's what they all say , Remaining us less than nine hours , Yes , Is that you ? Yeah , that 's me , You worked in Data Universal ? For a while I did , Arlo Higgins , accountants months , What does Data universal ? - Ukratko , they take care of you , If you play by their rules , of course , Why do you need all this ? - You I to sell , but it does not need anyone , It is a great and effective circuit , You work in Data Universal to earn for their goods , They know what you like eat , read , drive , They know all about you , Nobody should , Like that guy at the kiosk , What a sad life , This was my inventory before but they are all taken and gave everyone OIB , Impressive collection , This is my favorite , She released her American local bank , in 1989 , It is very rare and never used , They know all about you like Big Brother ? Turn and in fact , Number , code file , Stop being a person , You are a consumer , and if you did not consumer , then you 're not a person , What about those who change the taste ? They manage all the changes , What happened to our friend ? Probably just processed , Here it is , - Will It hurt her ? He will not , if he cooperated , Maggie ? She has worked ? Hello , I discussed with superiors about your problem , We 'll be ready , Profiled You will be on an accelerated program , Good , Thank you , - Profiling will take two hours , Would you like to local or general anesthesia ? For the local press one , What ? Scanning mind , of course , - Skeniranje Mind ? For what ? This is the fastest way , No way , You have no choice , The procedure is quite safe , 87 percent of people survive him , you will not even hurt , Why are you doing this ? Right We started to get to know , This will give you more get to know , - You will not , We need to talk , We talked , That was testing , and not talk , True friends talk , Friends spend time together , Have not you ever get lonely ? Do not you have anyone special in your life ? I communicate with other Accountants , We consult it , Consult it ? It has nothing to do with friendship , Are you going to lunch ? If you find yourself once for a drink in a cafe ? I can not do , Maggie , That was not so hard , Tell me , if you like more boxers or briefs ? - What ? The question is simple , For slip press one , and the two boxers , Surely you prefer boxers worn by a stiff bureaucrats , We continue scanning the eye , Wait ! Hold it ! It 's my job , I 'm sorry is what I mentioned panties , Subject Maggie Beckett , Residence San Francisco , California , Consumer habits , : reluctant cooperation , little purchases , consumes little , Missing debt , I repeat , non-existent debt , It is unusual , Yet you have in the database data , You have already profiled , Thank God I have a doppelganger , The bad girl , rarely use a credit card , What is it ? Do not you love shopping ? It is not The most important thing in life , This is a dangerous idea , Your back into society delays , No , Forget about it , I 'm sick of you , You have no right to do this , You have no right to my data and thoughts , You have no right to hold me , In the morning , you move into the consumer training and credit card counseling , After three weeks you will return to the as a true consumer society , Is that clear ? I thought we were friends ! Do You can not stop this , Guy ? Guy ! I 'm sorry , Maggie , We could go as Maggie entered , - Hvatackim Expresses ? Finished to the treatment , It is a bad idea , It would not be difficult , Lured to the catcher , climbed into it and drove in Data Universal , Catchers stunned victims before they get caught , If we all intoxication , we will be helpless , I 'm ready ! Already long avoid , Enough any escape , It 's time to fight , I apologize , Okay , We 'll try , Let 's go , Welcome to the waiting room , Thank you for your time , Hi , I 'm James , Welcome in the waiting room , Maggie Beckett , You wait for a correction ? - No , I 'm an outcast , They call me prisoner for conscience , With me is like , I agreed to the options offered me accountant , Great , But you 're on rehabilitation , Got looks fast out , Yes , How long have you been here ? - Six Years , Please enter the OIB , Open the pod doors , Hal , Enter the OIB , Please , press one , The grips are approaching , Now ! Let 's go ! Come on , you bastard ! Do not be ! Oh , God ! Resin , Tomorrow will hurt me terribly , Me and my friends we refused coding , Is that a crime ? Technically it is not , but Data Universal did not know what to do with us , They find us incomplete files , That 's why they put us in the waiting room , With what you justly held ? That is our choice , Who does not use credit no civil rights , Why are you here ? - Premalo I was spending , Should more spending ! Do not worry ! Buy immediately , you will pay later ! Indoctrinate will , You 're out by the end of the week , I need to get out as soon as possible , Outside friends are waiting for me , You have friends out there ? Yes , They are probably already wondering where I am , Here we go again , Remmy , to attract his attention , What ? - Privuci His attention , Hey , wait a minute ! Here I am ! Come on ! Come on ! Lie down ! Great , Can you run it ? - Do You start the car using a wire ? I know , Feel free to me show how you do it , Can I see your accountant ? Yes , I want to meet him face to face , I do not know , Nobody never done such a thing , Personal contact between the company and the client was never recorded , They think I 'm someone else , I think I came up to this Guy , Guy ? - That Call him , What 's his number ? - 5579A , He is one of the new , We can call him , Arlo , is everything all right back there ? Yes , Step on it ! Have you ever been caught ? - What Do you think ? All car thieves eventually caught , This is not the first time , I stole cars for fun , Not had no money , and buses do not like , I had better things to do , After driving 'd left the car , Once I even filled the tank , Yes , I had a cousin like you , He could not keep job , He was weak , I constantly had to watch him , For me you have to watch out for , Then look out of myself , We 're a team , Not we need hotheads , Foolishly did when I was young , I grew up in the meantime , Five years in a wheelchair knows so affect a man , Fair enough , Angry you still because of the loan or we 're friends again ? I 'm mad you ? Of course not , How about dinner ? - Of course , Dinner will be immediately served , No , I actually , I thought us two dinner together , We 're still friends , right ? Yes , but I 'm afraid I do not we can have dinner together , I can be of any further help ? Can we do a friendly service , I 'd like to start as soon as possible buy , I want more spending , Can I order something , my friend ? usually do not do that , friends , but I will make an exception , Order whatever you want with the user interface , Thank you , Guy , Really I appreciate what you did , I 'm glad you are included in the program , I once swore to I will never set foot there , It feels good to come back into the game , I wonder what is with my office , We could get into them system and bring down the program , You know what ? I think I know , Maybe do something good , The decline in the host computer Data Universal ? That sounds good , That sounds really good ! To get through ? What 's this ? - That Is Air scanned Diana , Checks the number of vehicles , The vehicle number 775 confirmed , Arlo , What do you mean , where is it ? Could be anywhere , This is a huge complex , We may be a long look for , No way , We have to find for two and half hours , Are we going to eat or clean ? - Shortly 'll Lose only , Will you tell me what are you doing ? - I Make a bomb , I made two in case one fails , Close it , Paste the ribbon , Attention , please , I 'll blow the door , When I tell you stand back , do it , Out of the way , Wish something , Come on ! Let 's go ! People can not see you , if you do not know about you , Okay , In which direction output ? I think it 's that , Do not you know ? Six years is a long time , Left is , No , right , Make up your mind ! - Right , Let 's go ! Hey , where are you going ? I want to visit accountant before I go , Here it is , For account balance , press two , To view the transfer , three , Press four to locate my accountant , I did not expect that you will come here , Maggie , You 're a computer , - Of course , And what you thought I was ? - Ušutkat I will , What are you doing ? Maggie , stop him ! Put it down , Thank you , Maggie , Can I help you ? Let 's get out of here , Thought I think you 're actually Guy , For account balance , press two , I can not , You 're a renegade , You challenge the system , I know , Frankly , I 'm afraid , I 'm afraid I will not be able to survive without number , Of course you will , There 's no time for discussion , Take my word , Survive and thou shalt be no Big Brother , In addition , people need someone to show them the way , Yeah ? I can not do it , - James ! James ! Is your cousin , the one on which you constantly watched , was a huge pain in the ass ? Yes , Just like you , How did it end ? He died a month days after I left , What happened to him ? That 's not important , It is important that never learned nothing , It is not an adult , I 'd hate for this to happen to you , What is it ? Over here are bring your friend , It looks like windows , Over here there are many , That 's the entrance , Probably will take us to Maggie , Do you want to go first ? - After You , - Uci You just like that ? Will slide inside even though you do not know what awaits you ? We do it all , What are you waiting for ? You will lose the inside , It 'll be all right , Thank you for us helped to come here , Why not ? Crazy , is not it ? I 'll tell you when I feel back in the butt , Data Universal you want a good day , I have 5579 and will be will your personal accountant , Who is this ? - Some Accountant , - Welcome to Data universal , Please , place the bracelet on screen to start the process , Again we are in trouble , - No Way , Fortunately for you , I 'm still here , This I took to the Director General , Insurance overruled , Thank you for using our services , The client is always right , What do you do , Maggie ? I 'm leaving , - Is that any way to with a friend ? What do you mean ? you 've tricked my trust , Do you know the predicament I ? You 're a computer , - Do I therefore less worth ? Do you know how to affect my performance ? I 'm sorry , - I 'm in big trouble , You did not have the right to bring her here , I passed your Account Control Department , 36041688A , please confirm receipt , Who are you ? - Control Department , Come to my office to correct this bureaucratic mistake , Come on doors that are in front of you , Let the supervisor Department report to sector nine , That 's better , Would you like to sit ? Oh , Daddy someone of flesh and blood , I do not want to sit down , I want to go from here , We are faced with the problem that we must immediately address , Someone with your number this morning bought a handbag in Geneva , Well ? Someone using your account , which is against the rules of the company , We tracked activities that person during the day and they are consistent with our profile Maggie Beckett , You will not be coincide with it , which means she was the one Maggie Beckett , Can you explain everything , Identical profiles impossible , so you have to cancel , Cancel ? - Oduzet We you access to the account and delete you , You will delete me ? What happens , Maggie ? I 'm going to the prom , What do you think happens ? They 're taking me to be executed , overseers 791 , I want set the client a few questions , Talk about deleting - When you you say , it sounds like a vaccination , Can you help me ? - Deleting managed control department , not me , You should go , - I Thank you , Are you done ? - Pretty I am skilled , if I may say , You have to go , Doors it will not stay long , Thank you , Guy , You 're a real pal , - Drug , Like the sound of that , A lot of time I spent here , while I 'm not replace the bighead , The drones do their job , Some things do not change , Here 's my office , Obviously the release of cleaners , - free miles , press one , For a new way to shop House , press two , You 're in my place ? They replaced my computer ! It 's all right , Arlo , It much has happened , - Arlo , You 're back ? Are not you in the department Processing - Ignorirajte this calculator , We have 15 minutes to find Maggie , - Maggie Beckett ? You know Maggie Beckett ? Yes , We are her friends , Where is it ? - You are her friends ? Yes , I 'm her friend , At least I think I did , Where is it ? Currently running down the hall 135 , department second - 135 , department second Maggie ! - Remmy ! Guys ! We do not have time to talk , What is it ? Its length arm Data / ? i uniwersala , Let 's get out of here ! Zablokiraj door something , There 's no need , You did not ? - Just must press one , You really special , - Stay Away , Great fun , Maggie , For five minutes is over , - It 's Kind of a lot of fun , I could fall in their system , They do not even password protection , They did not think that they will need , Not to them should not crash the system , This is our friend , Arlo , He helped us , Hey , Arlo , I found friends here , I think that would hurt to bring down the system , Moreover , this is the place Required Data universal , Without preparation , this world will not survive without it , I have , - N Lt ; been living outside the system , They 'll need a teacher , That 's me ! James , this will man learn how to survive without the Data Universal , You will become an example others , What do you say ? I think we will succeed , Great , Did they finally fix the world ? - We Can not solve all the problems , It will have to yourself do , - I can help , You 'll be three great team , Is this the beginning of better service users ? Do not get your hopes up , Are you ready ? Three , two , Maggie ! Goodbye ! Goodbye , my friend ,
