 That the more of these worlds , could we open an agency and make money , Yes , The mild climate , friendly people , food as they want , Snow on the mountains and the sun on the beach , I think they call California , It 's not my California , but it 's close , Diana says that we each Tackling closer to your world , You could stay here , Wives better than these , First we find your world , and then take care of it , I appreciate it , I think it 's genetic , Do you know a man who is crazy about shoes ? There was a drummer in Portland , How long have they been there ? Only this time means something , Oh , man ! What is it ? I do not know , I 've never seen , I thought we had another day here , Me too , Maggie , Diana , we have to go , Wait , I thought we have another day , Even shoes we bought , Behind the corner , they can not see , He 's going wild ! - The Battery is weak ? I do not know , This is something new , Still we need ! He will not we are again thrown into the ocean ? Oh , God ! I do not know , Good , Here we go ! Have we odglavili ? - I Would say that we 're stuck , Imagine a portal into a parallel world , You can slide in thousands of parallel worlds , The same year , the same person you are , but then everything was different , Imagine not you can find a way home , CATCH slider How is that thing running again ? Oh , my God ! - Is You something like this already happened ? Is timer radio ? Well , it seems that almost everything is OK , We have a little more than two days here , We 've got you ? And if still wild ? - Long Glide , and I have never seen this , I do not want it again , Be right back , He 's got a problem with dimensional vibration worlds , Uskakat we will jumping out of control ? Honestly , I never we did not have control , What do we do ? - I Have this apart and see what it was , If it can not be repaired , I 'll need the equipment , lab , Like last , And shoe stores is there , Another world , Close , but the other coordinates , Let 's go , Incredible ! Quinn did not had a backup system ? ! Maybe so , but now it will not find out , We 've got another problem , This guy is not good enough ? This is not the original Quinn 's timer , Who is then created ? Were we in a world where the Egyptians ruled ‡ ani , stuck in the pyramid and finished with timer Egyptian scientists , He has always worked , I was not asked to , Even if we find a lab , where us what the Egyptians had ? Listen , we have two days to solve this problem , Let 's go to the hotel to can work on this , HOTEL CHANDLER Look ! The timer is broken , perhaps it do not fix it , and she 'd bought , Have you seen this stone ? Thank you very much , sir , 'Day , We took the apartment , - Reservations ? No , this is spontaneous , It 's not good time for spontaneous , You did not come to the film festival ? No , we have a lot of important work , We need some peace and quiet , Lots of luck with this team , Here 's something , Quentin Tarantino has just checked out , You can in his apartment when it 's clean , That 's great ! Do you have valuable items , put them in a digital in-room safe , How does it work ? Every safe has combination stored in the computer , When the customer application , a combination of is randomly changed , Fascinating ! What security system do you have ? Each shift has a secret password , Now I feel very safe , Oho ! Who is this ? Are you kidding ? Monique Mansfield , sex goddess , Here you love sex ? You 're coming ! Movie star ? The queen of the festival ? We do not have the opportunity watch a lot of movies , This way , please , You 're a real piece , Marty , What a sweet face ! You 've come to the festival ? Sure , Maybe we 'll see , Maybe , Let 's go to the apartment , Yes pieces put under a cold shower , It seems that the piece is not the only one that attracts attention , Works well , Maybe it was a bad wormhole , We can not risk it , It is Egyptian , How will understand how it works ? I do not mind , Why not ? This is a second language , another culture , another time , Mathematics is the same , The Arabs invented numbers , According to previous skating , what is important is the same , Gravity , magnetism , The earth revolves around the sun , Whatever the Egyptians did , not to prejudice the rules , Then ? I have no idea , I hope you will like it here , Quinn and Professor discussed this , Certainly , Remember what ? Oh , my ! Never understand what they talked about , I accepted that they know not what they do , Think about it , Beetles , What ? Many spoke of scarabs , Ran into a mutant in the pyramid , Insects ? We 'll fix timer using insects ? Scarabs were and jewels , They have three-dimensional structure of atoms that repeat identical structure , What does it mean ? - Vibriraju , Sometimes the high frequencies as if they were alive , Aha ! Would you please explain that i I 'm getting a vibrating sample in the crystalline range , It is very weak , but certainly in this range , This element of direction , Fits dimensional vibration , Looks like it is worn or damaged , Looks like a gem I saw down at the store , She movie star she wore , - Can You fix the timer ? - Doznajmo , Good afternoon and welcome , How can I help ? We are interested in living jewels from Chaparea , Yes , it 's the latest fashion , is not it ? What can I show you ? We have beautiful bracelet with diamonds , In fact , we can see the ring with a single diamond ? Sure , As if moving , Yes , because them and call it living jewels , They found them a few years ago in the Bolivian jungles , In an isolated valley of the Andes , the slopes with little rainfall , Elizabeth Taylor bought one and the rest is modern history , May I ? Yes , of course , Some say that they have magical properties , Long life , wisdom , power of healing , Of course , the magical property jewels attributed always , but these might really have something , Already have discovered some incredible things with them , Larger stones are no longer evaluated in carats but in hertz , Herc ? - Unit Of frequency , What are you doing ? - Denzimetar , Checking authenticity , Sorry , but this is the Atrobelis , No one questions our integrity , With good reason , It is indeed right , honey , I must have one , I do not know , meringues , They look expensive , He says you 're the lucky ones , We 're having a sale , Briefly , the only goods in stock , How many ? Just 9000 hertz , Nine thousand dollars , ? Sure , How many hearts need , meringues ? Nine , Anything more would be vulgar , I 'm afraid that this is a little too much for us , Do you have a brochure that we could bring ? Sure , Here you are , Thank you , We 'll be back , - I Can not wait , You call me again meringues , I 'll rip your heart , You 're started , We do not know whether it worked , If they measured in hertz , it is a great chance , But $ 81,000 ? - Just We left one , Yes , What is ? Morat we steal one , We are going through the roof , Put me down as in Mission Impossible , I 'm lighter , If you have a laser passes , If you have heat sensors , pressure , Yeah , Wait , A safe ? The diamonds will not all night to keep the compartments , Me down , If I hear fasteners , I will break his code , If the lock is electronic , then , Hey ! Did you participate in the looting ? I thought watching a movie , Topkapi or Hot Diamond or Spies , Here , however , takes a film festival , - Spies I was thrilled , Criticisms were not good , but movie impressed me , Far out you , This is not a movie , Whatever was strange , this is our life , Listen up ! Speak about the burglary and theft difficult , We can forget skating , With constipation will turn out more than 29 years , As any of you know about robbing a jewelry store ? Well , actually , I do not care , We need one of these gems , We can not buy it , nor borrow , What do we do ? I saw them Many people at the hotel wear , One was the neck those movie stars , Now we are talking about physical attack ? Wait a minute , You showed me how stealing cards for ATMs , Well said , Rem , Yes ? Wait , there is , Mallory here , Probably I could , Apartment 218th Monique Mansfield , - Christmas Sex ? Yes , He says he wants to meet me , He wants me to meet her , I 'm sorry that you have to go back to reality , We have a serious problem , No , wait a minute , This is not a problem , If the piece closer to the goddess of sex , will be closer to her and jewel , To steal her necklace ? - If You so good , he will be out of gratitude , I hate to admit it , but it is feasible , It is less risky than smashing storefront shops , Good , Go to the goddess of sex , but if you stay focused , I 'll check the specifications gems in case you bring a piece , Let 's check if there is another kind market , - Black ? Yeah more like beige , Just a cup of tea , Okay , Are you planning a big investment ? Sorry , I did not want to disturb , Do not bother , Good , Grant Curtis , Diane Davis , You 've come to the festival ? Not really , Would you like to sit ? - I I will not even ask , Hello , She invited me Miss Mansfield , Okay , Look at that ! You 're doing as you 're told , I like that in a man , We have photographed the pool , Will you join us ? I , Otherwise I do not go to the pool , but my agent thinks , to take photos Media used film , And I do not want the media to think that Monique has no followers , I do not have a bathing , Anthony , come swim for Moniqueinog new pieces , You help me to I apply sunscreen ? It has long been looking forward to this , I want to Monique way tell me all about yourself , Only the good you will be impressed and Monique why would want to be bad , Come on , dear , The cameras are waiting , I saw that you read about living jewels , Buying ? I do not have that much money , Maybe you some lucky persuaded , There is no guy , he was lucky or not , Really ? Traveling alone with friends , My interest in jewels more is a scientific rather than practical , Scientist are you ? - Could would say , I physicist , Beautiful and smart , Do you have a boyfriend , indeed would have been lucky , I would like to have tell all about living jewels , Really ? Of course , if you buy them , He I grow where , in the valley Chaparea , To the west is the mountain range of the Andes , Incredibly , as if going to heaven , Is that the time ? ! Can we keep this up ? For dinner , maybe ? I do not know , These stones have magical properties , Scientists would be interesting , Of course , if you have plans , No , Good , At 20 h , here in the hotel restaurant ? - Can , Must be sexy , And that is not obvious , Obviously , It must give the message : I grew up , solo and I have a healthy attitude towards sex , But not telling welcome , Right , Too much open , Thank you , What is it ? Maggie , I do not know if I can do this , The stranger just me so called for dinner , All were strangers until they do not know him , and even then , No , I want to say that this is yet I never did , - What Are you talking about ? I 'm talking about eight years , during which I every night for six hours taught , There was no party , prom night , ride by moonlight on Mulholland , Then it 's about time , is not it ? You do not understand , I do not know what to say , how to act , Diana , nothing you have to say , And by no means do not you have to watch how you act , Mallory has the opportunity to actress , and you 're the guy who sells jewels , Hey , I really want to have fun , But if it helps , View it as a job , Good , Good ! Fire ladders do not go to suites , This violates the law , - Provala ? ! Where did you get these files ? - Recepcionaru I said that I would make a film here , I broke it to help , - One afternoon and you 're a producer ? She thinks so , - She the actress , Hi , guys , You ' radio devices ? I did , Well , Great ! Remmy , you are on the roof of a bank across the street and an eye windows , Mallory and I go up the stairs and wait to Diana both locks , Really we do that ? Perfect-is , Monique is at the opening of up to 23 h , Insurance not to wear a gem , The apartment is , I do not know , Even if you enter , You will need to open the safe , Diana and it locks can solved with a computer in the reception , Diana has a compound , I promise you , she can , Girl , you look , Oh , dear ! You feel me now ? Can she does , Ladies and gentlemen , the show begins ! That 's right ! It still works , - Mallory And I are going stairs and wait to fix the lock , How long will it need ? I do not know , Let 's think , Go in a restaurant and waiting for a table , waiter introduced himself to you menus , order wine , toast , Powder 'll nose around 20 : 30 , - 20,30 , Agreed , Agreed , How will you downloaded combination to the safe ? The receptionist said that needs a password , The system they like Windows 95th Restart it , go into safe mode , delete PWL files , I restart and inflammation , I had to ask , Well let 's see , You look fantastic , Thank you , Do you know who that is ? Enjoy , All are jealous of me , Remmy , can you hear me ? Yeah , loud and clear , Good , Just a few minutes to Večernjak ? - Večernjaka ? ! It 's Montrachet , It should be good , For , science ! What ? - Time You do , do not you ? Ah , yes , For Science ! Do you know a lot about wine ? I know that Louis Pasteur killed the theory of spontaneous generation , proved that microorganisms multiply on different surfaces , Are you sure you do not say like that ? All this leads to fermentation leading to this , Under the impression I have , - Use Of wasted youth , Too many lectures , too little enjoyment , Aymara Indians for them known since the 17th century , was used by them in religious and healing ceremonies , But only when the researcher Enriquez before 5 g , Found the valley , external world learned of the gems , As it stands , job Excuse me for a moment , Sure , You are Mr , Calhoun ? I did , ma 'am , The maitre need you in the kitchen , Really ? He said it was urgent , I 'll keep an eye here , Thank you , I need less than a minute , Like me , She made it , It is 20 : 30 , Still not there ? What ? ! We already have several minutes there , Diana blew up the safe , Then someone in the apartment , What ? ! Sorry , wrong room ! Come on , Mallory , Someone inside , Rembrandt ? What happened ? It seems that we are not I just had this idea , Where is Mallory ? I thought he was behind me , Who 's there ? - We 're Ready , After him ! Monique , my dear , is that you ? Yes ! Nicki , you would not believe , No , Sandra yet Bob Mackie carries , Of course that Arnold was there , Yes , and Brad and Jennifer , Melanie and Antonio , You 'll never guess who came to Bruce Willis , I just need to freshen up , Yeah , incredible , You know I do not talk with Nicole since the incident in Marbella , Hello ? - I am , - They boyfriend , Where is it all night ? Where are you ? ! Long story , - Tell a , What to tell ? I did not come because I second burglar broke , When the cops came , I pretended can not wait Monique in bed , It was a cop ? ! Yeah , you think we traced ? I do not know , Where is he now ? - When Are cops left , she returned to Monique , She thought it was , - Proveo night with Monique , What ? It 's not what you think , It 's not that , - Whatever ! You must go back , We have 24 hours , but gem not , It 's a little awkward , How to ? Now I 'm part Moniqueine retinue , He will not let me out of your sight , She wants to stay , Tell that you 're dealing with ! Say , I heard ! The second part of her entourage consists of two males to ensure that I stay , What is ? What must be , must be , By the way , that character is Diana had a date cop , Where is she now ? - Doručkuje With him , What is it ? ! Sorry about last night , It was awful from me that I just disappeared , I got your message , Urgent job , I 've been away for a moment , Then you 're gone , Never interrupt when it is urgent work , I can not blame you 're upset , Diana , I was not completely honest , Actually I do not sell live gems , Really ? - In That I business , but it is my job to protect them , I work for an insurance company , We cover most of the gems here , Last night someone tried steal the collection at this hotel , Someone broke into the computer and wiped combination of all safes , We had to boot with new protection against hackers , How inconvenient , I need your help , Diana , Your friends can help , My only agent to mission in New York , Film companies have fun , Would wore Star of La Paz ? Not a cop , The investigator 's insurance , I want to wear tonight the most expensive gem in the world , He 's using you as bait to catch a thief , I know ! Is not that great ? And not just , We pondered how to steal one of these thing , and this gives us the type , She wants to wear it on party , and then go into the safe , When a burglar comes , trap closes , Let me remind you that we cracks me ? Tonight we did not , There is another , We just need to keep gem to tackling and ensure that the cops get caught other burglars , That 's all ? I 'm sure should not be here , Here it is ! Safe is here , Allow me , We 're in , Done , This gem was responsible for how nice you look , Thank you , Shall we ? Yes , I 'm going to make some calls , Hold this position until I get back , Be right back , Here Grant , To I position , I hear you , So far we have nothing login , - Be Careful , Remmy , there he is , Listen , someone is on ledge of the building , Move ! The apartment is , Wait a minute , It is not our apartment , The burglar must have entered into this apartment ? Told you it was not ours , I counted wrong windows , Sue me ! Come with me , Check we safe , Stay calm , Rembrandt , in the apartment I , Diana opens the safe , Grant ! Grab this ! We have it ! The adjoining apartment ! Hello , Miss Mansfield , Burglar went to the adjacent apartment and punctured a hole in the safe , Wisely , This is the weakest point , And Diane 's timing is strongest , Too bad , we did not find Star of La Paz , You deserve a $ 100,000 prize , At Monique Mansfield doubt since the theft at Cannes and Venice , Why rich film star to be stolen jewelry ? Why break into own apartment ? - Fool With insurance , Steal the jewel so search compensation from my company , Monique has high costs , and in his career to be unhappy , He said him No you did not know ? Monique Mansfield most successful transvestite in the world , Where was he ? That I would like to know , I think he got bored people , Probably because now breaks , This explains the shot , In this confusion I forgot where , I was afraid that the thief escape so I put it in his coat pocket , I hope you stay long enough you again to dinner , Once we have received the award , Sure , I 'll look for a check , In fact , instead of money , love I live one gem for yourself , Some worth about 10,0000 , Could it handle ? It is unusual , but why not ? You solved the case , I swear , we just talked about movies , That should work , How to Tackling ? - About 20 seconds , Wrong he read , Good that we put a new gem , Have been deprecated with new friends , - More Never see this man , Poor Mallory , Neither he more never see their man ,
