 Okay . Okay . Yeah , okay . ¿ Qué pasa aquí ? Huh ? Santa Maria . Ese loco . - What the hell is that ? - I don 't know . Hey ! Get out ... Get out of the way ! Ray ! Get over there ! Ray 's hurt bad , man . - Somebody call it in ! - Hurry up ! Get an ambulance ! This is Wesley Brewer out on Route Seven . Looks like about an 8 : 00 E.T.A. On that trailer pickup . This fog 's gonna slow me down . Ten-four , Wesley . See you when you get here . Mother of God ! Mom , is she gonna die ? I 'm sorry , sweetie . She was just lying there when we found her , Officer . They 're doing their best . - Come on , folks . Stay back . - No , Mom ! Thank you . Sir ? Stay back . You saw nothing when the window broke ? No one outside ? - No . - Nothing . We heard a noise like thunder , then glass everywhere . Okay . Thank you . What did the janitors say ? They claim they didn 't see anything . The security monitors don 't have a recording of anything either . Just a giant implosion of glass , like some kind of giant shock wave . What the janitors described sounds more like a sonic boom . No sonic boom did this . The construction worker who was killed ... had his spine crushed like a string of seashells . A circular abrasion on his torso ... in roughly the shape of an elephant 's foot . Other workers at the site said they felt the ground shake , followed by a faint whiff of animal odor in the wind . If you 're suggesting the elephant did this , it defies logic . - Somebody would have seen it . - If somebody would have seen it , we wouldn 't be here . Another vehicle would have left evidence of a collision , distress to the metal or paint . I can see signs of neither of those things . I 'd be willing to admit the possibility of a tornado , but it 's not really tornado season . I 'd even be willing to entertain the notion of a black hole ... passing over the area or some cosmic anomaly , but it 's not really black hole season either . If I was a betting man , I 'd say that it was a ... An invisible elephant ? I saw David Copperfield make the Statue of Liberty disappear once . - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah . Ed Meecham , Fairfield Zoo . Sorry for the holdup . We had trouble transporting Ganesha 's body this morning . - This is Agent Scully . - Hi . Have they determined what he died of ? She . Ganesha was a 12-year-old Indian female . Near as I can figure , she ran herself into exhaustion . - How did she escape ? - Well , now there 's a puzzle . When I got the call this morning , I expected to find her cage open , but it was locked tight , just like I left it . - Any idea how she could have escaped the locked cage ? - No , sir . No signs of tampering either . I 've read about the elephant rebellion in zoos across the country . A high incidence of elephants turning on their keepers , destroying their pens . Was Ganesha ever a problem like that ? Elephants are very big , very willful animals . So you 're saying there were problems ? The person you want to talk to about that is Willa Ambrose . - Ambrose ? - She 's a naturalist . She was hired by the board of supervisors last year to oversee things . Now she 's supposed to be the reigning authority . In your opinion , the damage here on the street , could this have been caused by an escaped elephant ? - In my honest opinion ? - Yeah . Sure . Will you excuse me ? What you lookin ' for , Mulder ? A local paper . I want to see if David Copperfield is in town . Excuse me . We 're looking for Willa Ambrose . - There . - Thank you . - Ms. Ambrose ? - Yes ? I 'm Agent Dana Scully . This is Agent Mulder . We 're with the F.B.I. How can I help you ? A federal employee was fatally injured last night . There seems to be a case developing around the elephant that escaped from your zoo . It was my understanding that the eyewitnesses to the accident ... said that they didn 't know how the man was killed . Actually , what we 're trying to determine is how Ganesha escaped . - What did Ed tell you ? - He found the cage locked , the same way he 'd left it . What more can I say ? I don 't want to belabor this , but a man was found trampled to death . An animal from your zoo was found 43 miles from here . No one 's looking to place any blame . We 're just trying to understand the facts that led up to this incident . This is where Ganesha was held when she wasn 't in her habitat . - Who has keys to this lock ? - Only myself and Mr. Meecham . Otherwise , this is a restricted area . Elephants aren 't particularly good jumpers , if that 's what you 're thinking . No . I was just wondering why such a small pen for such a large animal . The zoo was built in the 1940s . The pens and habitats are all too confining . I was brought on to expand and create more humane environments . Unfortunately , these things take time . Those , uh , chains on the ground there ? Those are tie-downs . They 're meant to restrict the animals 's movement . - I disallowed their use when I came to work here . - Disallowed their use by whom ? It was Ed Meecham 's practice that reflected an old , nonprogressive zoo policy . How 's your relationship with Ed Meecham ? I 'm his boss and a woman , and Ed doesn 't like that much . Would he be vindictive enough to let Ganesha go as an act of sabotage ? Well , if he did , that would be foolish . The facility is running at a deficit and in danger of losing its funding . - Have you spoken about the incident with Ed ? - No . I think Ed 's got enough dealing with the W.A.O. - The W.A.O. ? - The Wild Again Organization . They 're a radical group that believes any captive animal is a crime against nature . Believe me , they 're going to have a field day with this one . Excuse me . The W.A.O. Believes only tragedy results from keeping animals in captivity . In the wild , an elephant like that would roam an area of 20 square miles minimum . Ganesha weighed in excess of 5,000 pounds , and she was being held in a 50-by-50-foot cage . And you consider that inhumane treatment ? It 's like you or I living in a pickle barrel . According to F.B.I. Files , you 've been arrested over a dozen times ... for activities involving the kidnapping of circus and zoo animals . The W.A.O. Sees it as liberation . Hm . Were you involved in the liberation of Ganesha ? That would make me an accessory to murder , wouldn 't it ? Endangering these animals is against everything we believe . These are incredibly spiritual creatures . Their rituals and behavior are linked ... to a past no man ever witnessed . Did you know they actually bury their dead ? They can visit an elephant graveyard centuries old ... and know instinctively where the bones of their ancient ancestors lie . What do you think Ganesha was running from ? You wanna see what she was running from ? I 'll show you . Get up ! Pull ! I got it . This is how Ed Meecham treats these majestic animals . - This is still going on ? - Meecham 's a barbarian . He 's been torturing animals at the Fairfield Zoo for years . We figure he 's still at it . Eventually , we 're going to get some proof . We 're here to put pressure on the zoo . We 're keeping track of what goes on there . We 're keeping track of what goes on there . Even though Willa Ambrose claims she 's put a stop to most of his old practices ? Whatever Willa Ambrose 's intentions , she 's too preoccupied to really know how Meecham operates . Preoccupied with what ? A lawsuit she 's fighting against the Malawi government over a lowland gorilla named Sophie . Willa rescued her from a North African customshouse ten years ago . Raised her like a child . Now the Malawi government wants her back . Will they win ? This is a perfect example of man 's imperialism over the animal kingdom . The craven impulse to turn animals ... into objects for our own selfish pleasure . I thought you said she rescued this gorilla . Rescued her so she could spend her life behind bars . Her obligation should have been to return the gorilla to the wild . All animals should run free . Even if that means trampling a man to death ? Maybe he should have gotten out of the way . I 'm sure he would have if he 'd seen it coming . Thanks for your time , sir , and we 'll get back to you soon . It 's all happening at the zoo , Scully . Well , we found our suspects . You think they busted out the elephant ? You heard the man . " All animals should run free . " What about the eyewitness accounts , the security tapes , the fact no one actually saw an elephant until it was miles away from the zoo ? The lights they were using at the construction site were mercury vapor , 10,000 candlepower . They can restrict a man 's ability to adjust his vision to the dark . And those security cameras are poor quality . A gray elephant may not have registered on tape ... in the dim light in front of the building . I 'm not buying it , Scully . I think these guys are all talk . These guys are dedicated to exactly this kind of activity , unabashedly . - Did you check out the night vision camera on the shelf ? - No . Wouldn 't surprise me if they tried to capitalize on their success . - By doing what ? - By liberating another animal . Willa Ambrose said that the zoo was in trouble financially . The loss of another big exhibit could shut them down entirely . All right . You keep an eye on the W.A.O. And where are you going ? Talk to the animals . Beam me up , Scotty . Anybody ever tell you the camera loves you , Frohike ? Yeah , the arresting officers at the " FreeJames Brown " rally . So what 's this costing the taxpayers , Mulder ? Uh , about 150 bucks an hour . Ouch ! Almost as much as Bill Clinton 's haircuts . - Where 's Langley ? - He has a philosophical issue ... with having his image bounced off a satellite . - What are you doing in Idaho ? - I 'm in Fairfield . What do you know about it ? They got a little zoo there . Lots of strange lore . Animals escaping , disappearing without a trace . - Any idea why ? - You 're not far from the Mountain Home Air Base . - Major UFO hot spot . - Weird fact , Mulder . No animal at Fairfield Zoo has ever brought a pregnancy to term . Not a cub or a chick . The woman who runs the zoo has a gorilla that knows sign language , supposedly with the vocabulary of 1,000 words . If that 's the lovely Agent Scully , let her know I 've been working out . I 'm buff . I 'm buff . - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . I was right . I just followed the kid from the W.A.O. To the zoo . He 's just about to make it over the fence . All right . I 'll be right there , Scully . What the hell are you doing here ? There 's a member of the W.A.O. On the premises . Come with me . What 's going on ? Sophie , calm down . I don 't know what you 're talking about . You have no idea what he was doing at the zoo ? If you 're asking did I have any idea of his intentions , the answer is simple ... not the slightest . What if I told you I saw this camera on the shelf yesterday ? Guess I never noticed it before . A tiger is missing , and a member of your organization is dead . For such a principled man , you show an amazing lack of emotion . If the tiger killed this person , then it was a natural act . If I find evidence that he was releasing those animals under your orders , I 'll make sure you spend the rest of your life behind bars . Scully ? You know , that guy really pisses me off . - You okay , Scully ? - Yeah . You calmed down ? Have they found the tiger yet ? No , but I took a look at the cassette from the kid 's recorder . - He wasn 't killed by the tiger . - What ? Unless it 's trick photography , that kid was killed by some kind of phantom attacker . You saw his body . That kid was mauled to death . He had deep claw marks on his chest and back . I can 't explain it either , but I know someone who might be able to . Excuse me , Ms. Ambrose ? Can we have a word with you ? I don 't know anything more than I 've told the police . I have nothing to say . Is this where you keep Sophie ? Sophie is ill . Do you think we could meet her ? We 're not here to try to take her away from you . About six weeks ago , I had to take Sophie out of her public habitat . She 'd become so withdrawn and depressed . She 'd curl into a ball in the corner of her cage and just shiver . - Did you ask her why ? - All the time . - What did she say ? - " Light . Afraid . " Literally , she 's afraid of the light . - She speaks to you ? - Over 600 words using American Sign Language . She understands over a thousand . I 'll show you her vocabulary list . Is this who you wanted to speak to ? It 's basic investigative procedure , Agent Scully ... interview all possible witnesses . Gorillas are highly sensitive creatures , and Sophie 's use of language skills makes her even more so . Why would she be afraid of the light ? You 've obviously heard about the trouble with the Malawi government . There 's a chance that Sophie could be taken away from me , and I think that she knows that . - Are these Sophie 's ? - Yes . - What do they mean ? - Until recently , Sophie desperately wanted a baby . The brown object in the center is her expression of that . Have you tried to mate her ? We were looking for a suitable partner , but under these stressful conditions , I didn 't want to put her through it . - Do you have a veterinary facility here ? - Yeah . This may seem like a rather strange request , but it might explain what 's going on . I 'm going to need your help too , Scully . I hope you know what you 're getting us into , Mulder . I 'm pretty sure of what we 're going to find . This isn 't exactly in my job description . Ah , next thing you know , they 'll be doing it on MTV Sports . Okay . The elephant 's cavity is clear . I 'm ready for you . - The knife 's right down here . - Okay . I 've been told there 's never been a successful pregnancy at the Fairfield Zoo . Sounds like you 've been talking to Kyle Lang . - Well , is it true ? - Yes . But I don 't think for the reasons Kyle claims . Not because Ed Meecham has done anything to these animals . - Why then ? - Because bringing a pregnancy to term ... in captivity is always difficult . - But a perfect failure rate ? - I know . It 's one of the things I was determined to change when I came to the zoo . Was an attempt ever made to mate Ganesha ? No . Mating an elephant out of the wild is rarely successful . There have only been six elephants born ... in captivity over the last ten years . Here 's the uterine tissue , but I 'm still not clear on what you expect to find . You 're right , Mulder . The signs in the uterus ... and the ovaries are unmistakable . So , what did you find ? This animal had been pregnant . - What are you talking about ? - There 's evidence of hyperplasia , - and the corpus luteum is ruptured . - That 's not possible . Neither is an invisible elephant . What is going on here ? Whatever it is , it 's been going on for some time . And I think you 'll find evidence of the same thing when your tiger returns . I still can 't believe you bet on the Chargers . - You hear that ? - Hear what ? - Where 's the tiger ? - Somewhere inside the construction site . - He 's got two men trapped in there . - Put the gun away , Ed . You want to be responsible for another death , Ms. Ambrose ? I think we can capture this cat without any harm to anyone . - This is no time for wishful thinking . - I 'm ordering you , Ed . Yes , ma 'am . Lead the way . Thank you . How 'd the tiger get all the way across town without being spotted ? I don 't know , but we 'd better find her before Meecham does . Hey . Shh . It was just here . It 's all right , Willa . They don 't all talk and draw pictures . This last incident has left the board ... with no choice but to withdraw all funding . If that 's your decision , then there 's nothing else I can say . I 'm sorry . It really is a shame . It 's too bad . I 'm out of a job . They 've cut off all funding . The animals are being shipped out to other zoos starting Monday . I 'm sorry . It could not have happened at a worse time . You mean for Sophie ? What I had going for me was my position here , having a place for her . Have the results come in on the tiger ? Agent Scully just finished the test . The tiger had been pregnant too . It 's impossible . There 's no chance those animals could get pregnant . What if they 'd been artificially inseminated ? That 's an extremely fine and complex process . I would have known . Unless it was done somewhere else . - Where ? - What do you know about alien abduction ? You 're ... You 're kidding me . You think that these animals were taken aboard some spaceship ? I don 't know where they 're being taken , but there 's some problem getting them back , due to what is probably an astrological variation , a trouble with the time / space continuum . These animals that are being taken from locked cages ... are being returned roughly two miles west-southwest of this zoo . Aliens impregnating zoo animals . - Yes , and harvesting the embryos . - Why ? Maybe their own Noah 's ark ... to preserve the DNA of these animals that we 're depleting to extinction . Whatever it is , that 's probably the reason ... you 've never had a successful birth at this facility . I think that 's the most ridiculous thing I 've ever heard . I understand that you might think it 's ridiculous . Maybe you should ask Sophie . You think this is what she 's so afraid of ? I believe she 's pregnant , and she 's afraid of them coming for her baby . Sophie , come here . I want to ask you a question . It 's okay , Sophie . Come here . What 'd she say ? She says , " Man , woman hurt . " She thinks you or your partner are going to hurt her or me . Sophie . Man , woman are here to help you . They want to know about Sophie 's baby . - Can I ask her a question ? - Yeah . Will you ask her if she wants to leave here ? Sophie , do you want to leave here ? She says , " Light . Afraid . " Sophie , what are you afraid of ? Tell me . What did she say ? She said , " Baby go flying light . " I just finished up in the infirmary . The sheriff 's deputy came looking to serve you papers . I think it 's about Sophie . What am I gonna do ? You can 't leave Sophie here , not if you want to protect her . I have nowhere to take her . Excuse me . Willa Ambrose ? - Yes . - I 'm serving you with a court order ... to release a gorilla named Sophie into protective custody . - What are you doing here ? - I 've come to ask for your help , Kyle . Help with what ? Sophie . They 've taken her into protective custody . Let her go , Willa . They 're putting her in an iron cage as we speak , without bars , without windows . It 'll kill her . Sophie 's been behind bars her entire life . Let her go home . She 'll have the freedom she deserves . Freedom to what ? Be killed by poachers and have her hands cut off as souvenirs ? - She 'll be in a preserve . - She 's mine , Kyle . I won 't let her go ! Please . Come on . We can find a place for her here . Aprivate reserve . You know people . That 's against everything I stand for . She 's pregnant . - What ? - Sophie 's pregnant . I don 't believe you , Willa . It 's true . What if she was ? Is the baby going to live its life behind bars too ? Look , Willa . She doesn 't belong to you . She 's not your child . She belongs with other gorillas , not selling tickets for a zoo . You won 't help me ? No . Wanna see something interesting ? Where 'd you get this ? I was looking for a pen to finish my report in Willa 's office ... and that was in her drawer . It 's a small world after all . It 's okay , Sophie . Sophie . Sophie . Don 't worry . I 'm with you . I love you too . Willa ? Willa , you here ? Willa , where are you ? Willa ? I told you . It happened exactly the way it did with the tiger . I heard the animals going crazy . I got out of bed to check on Sophie , and she was gone . That 's when I found Kyle . Do you have any idea what he would have been doing at the zoo ? No . A witness says you visited Kyle 's office yesterday . - Is that true ? - Yeah . For what purpose ? Basically to tell him that he 'd won . That the zoo was being shut down . That Sophie was taken into protective custody . Did you ask him to help you take Sophie to prevent her from being taken from you ? No . That would be against everything Kyle believed in . But he helped you to rescue her originally , isn 't that correct ? He had a connection to you and to this animal that went back several years . Whatever connection he and I had , it was over long ago . But you asked him anyway to help you . No . Then what was he doing here last night and why did he give you this note ? I don 't know . I told you . Did he make it a habit of visiting the zoo ? If he did , it was probably late at night ... after he jumped over the fence like a good W.A.O. Soldier . Anyway , why don 't you ask Agent Mulder what he thinks happened ? He seems to have a novel theory . Maybe it was alien abduction . Scully , can I talk to you for a second ? You think she 's telling the truth . Why do you say that ? Kyle Lang 's death and the disappearance of the animal ... - match the previous incidents . - Yes . And you 've been pushing this alien abduction angle . I still am . But in this case , Willa 's reactions are all wrong . - To losing Sophie ? - I think she knows where Sophie is , and Kyle Lang died because he knows what she 's capable of . - You think she killed him ? - I think she 'd do anything to protect that animal . Even wait atop a stack of crates for her former lover to walk underneath ? An examination of the body will give a lot clearer picture of what happened . You do that , and I 'll check out the warehouse . Looks like you 're in a hurry . Well , there isn 't much to hang around for , is there ? I 'm afraid there is . I found evidence that Kyle died a wrongful death . He was hit with a cattle prod . There 's going to be an investigation , so I have to read you your rights . It was an accident . Kyle surprised Ed . He wasn 't supposed to be there . Ed Meecham took Sophie ? Yes . There was no one else to turn to . Where is she , Willa ? Ed has her . She 's in some building ... on the road to Boise . Put it down , Ed . There 's been enough violence , don 't you think ? - I didn 't kill Kyle Lang . - Put down the gun , and we 'll talk about it . I was only doing what she paid me to do . Where 's the animal , Ed ? - Down the hall . - You show me where . We 're gonna go there together . Come on . What is she doing ? She 's throwing herself against the door . She 's gone crazy . She 's scared . Yeah ? Well , she 's gonna kill herself . Okay , Ed . You 're going to have to save her . Take your tranquilizer gun . I 'll be right behind you . I 've only got one dart , so you gotta get her out in the light . Do you see her ? I think she 's over in that corner over there . Hey , Meecham ! I 'm not going to hurt you . Mulder ? Mulder ? - Ow ! - Sorry . Lie still . - Where 's Sophie ? - Get a paramedic . - Yes , ma 'am . - Meecham . Meecham 's been arrested . We picked him up on the way to Boise . That 's how we found you here . - They took Sophie . - Who did ? - Where 's Willa ? - She 's outside . She 's going in to make a statement about Kyle Lang . I 've got to talk to her . - Where is she ? - She 's gone . - What did he do to her ? - It wasn 't Ed . She tried to tell me something . - What is that ? - That doesn 't make any sense . - What does it mean ? - " Man save man . " We 've just received a report of a large animal ... spotted down on the interstate just west of the service road off 99 . - That 's her . - She 's heading back towards the zoo . Unit 12 , we have trouble reported at the junior high . - Where is she ? - Over there . - What happened here ? - Animal got hit by a car . Ran off into the field . Unit 21 is in the area . E. T.A. Five minutes . No ! No , no , no , no ! No ! Sophie ? Sophie ? Oh , no , no ! Willa Ambrose and Ed Meecham ... have been charged with manslaughter for the death of Kyle Lang . Though the courts will rule on this matter and justice will no doubt be served , the pall of a greater tragedy remains . The motives of the silent visitors who set these events in motion remain unclear . Could this be a judgment on a global rate of extinction ... that has risen to 1,000 times its natural rate in this century ? An act of alien conservation of animals we are driving hard toward oblivion ? And if so , might it follow that our own fate and existence ... could finally be dependent on the conservatorship of an extraterrestrial race ? Or in the simple words of a creature whose own future is uncertain , " Will man save man ? " Subtitles By Captions , Inc . Los Angeles
