 - Last season on " The X-Files " : - We have the complete corpus of an extraterrestrial biological entity . The ice-core samples I took can 't be faked . l refuse to believe it 's not true . - So you 're saying it 's all been a hoax . - Which you 've been used to perpetuate . He said that the men behind this hoax gave me this disease to make you believe . Early this morning , I got a call from the police , asking me to come to Agent Mulder 's apartment . The detective asked me ... He needed me to identify a body . Agent Scully ... Agent Mulder died late last night from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . When we speak of life beyond Earth , what we generally mean is intelligent life , something resembling our noble selves . It is highly probable that there are such intelligent forms of life in other galaxies in the universe . And it is even more probable that many of these forms are vastly more intelligent than we . l have held a torch in the darkness to glance upon a truth unknown . An act of faith begun with an ineloquent certainty that my journey promised the chance not just of understanding but of recovery , that the disappearance of my sister 23 years ago would come to be explained , and that the pursuit of these greater truths about extraterrestrial life might even reunite us . A belief which I now know to be false , and uninformed in the extreme . My folly revealed by facts which illuminate both my arrogance and self-deception . lf only the tragedy had been mine alone , it might have been more easy tonight to bring this journey to its end . Agent Mulder ? Agent Mulder ? Yeah . There 's a matter of security I hadn 't anticipated . Just after I left your ... - Who are you ? - Just after our last conversation I was ... - Who are you ? - Are you listening ? Are you hearing me ? We can 't speak right now. I believe ... Did they give Agent Scully this disease ? Did they do this to her because of me ? They may be listening , Agent Mulder . They may be watching everything you do and say . Are you listening , Agent Mulder ? Agent Mulder ? Agent Mulder ? Put that out ! Back away ! Get away . You have no new messages . Keep going , fbi woman . Mulder ? What are you doing ? Why are you sitting in my bedroom in the dark ? lt was too crowded in my apartment. I couldn 't sleep . - l 'm not kidding , Mulder . - Good , cos neither am I . There 's a dead man in my apartment. lt 's only a matter of time before he stinks the place up . What are you talking about , Mulder ? What 's going on ? Somebody thinks my life is interesting enough to video . My apartment 's been under surveillance for at least two months . Look at this . Courtesy of the US government . - That 's the dead man in your apartment ? - Yeah . He works ... He worked for the Department of Defense . How did he die , Mulder ? Gunshot wound to the face . - Have you contacted anybody at the Bureau ? - l can 't do that. I can 't go to the authorities . - What are you talking about ? - This man Ostelhoff worked for the military . Are you getting the picture ? Do you see what 's happening here ? That the hoax is connected to the military . This hoax , your cancer , everything . ltjust doesn 't lead back to the military , it leads right back to the fbi . What ? This man Ostelhoff was set up in the apartment directly above mine . l caught him destroying phone records on which the same number was called 17 times . This is a PBX operator at the Bureau . Yeah . - Who would he be calling at the fbi ? - l don 't know . - Mulder , how long has this been going on ? - Maybe since you joined me on the X-Files . That would mean that for four years we 've been pawns in a game , that it was a lie from the beginning . Mulder , these men ... You give them your faith , and you 're supposed to trust them with your life . There are those who can be trusted . What I need to know is who among them is not . l will not allow this treason to prosper , not if they 've done this to you . We can 't go to the Bureau making these accusations . No . But as they lie to us , we can lie to them . A lie to find the truth . Let the truth be known though the heavens fall . The web of lies entangling us can now be connected back to the very institution which brought us together . The facts supported by a Byzantine plot , executed by someone inside the fbi , who , if named , could be tied to the hoax meant to destroy me ... and to the terminal disease inflicted on Scully . in four years I have shared my partner 's passionate search for the truth , and if my part has been a deception , I have never seen her integrity waver or her honor compromised . But now , I ask her to lie ... to the people lying to us . A dangerous lie to find the truth , to find the man who would be revealed as its enemy , as our enemy ... as the enemy within . Agent Scully , is it true ? Yes , sir . - Are you all right ? - l 'm ... I don 't know what to say . They asked me to come down and identify the body . Well , how 'd you make the id ? The word from Alexandria PD is it was self-inflicted . A shotgun blast to the face . l saw Mulder earlier this morning . He was wearing the same clothes . Well , I 'm very sorry . Agent Scully . Section Chief Blevins wants you in for questioning . He believes you have information that you haven 't come forward with . The military connection to the conspiracy we had pierced was undeniable . The man in my apartment worked for the Department of Defense , at its Advanced Research Facility . What I might find here I was uncertain of , but my crime had provided me access . As long as they believed Scully 's lie , that it was me lying on that floor , I might learn truths here . But if our lies were discovered , both Scully and I would be discovered with them . Agent Scully . Please have a seat . Some time has passed since you were first here . Four years . From our reports , your work on the X-Files brought you very close to Agent Mulder . - Yes , sir . - We 're all sorry about what 's happened . - But that 's not why I 'm here . - We 've been informed by the DOD that prior to Agent Mulder 's accident you may have been contacted by a DOD employee . Yes . That 's right . And that he gave you classified information . He had information about the discovery of what Mulder believed to be an alien corpse . He said the body was part of a hoax . He provided evidence of this ? No hard evidence , no . Agent Scully , I suggest you tell us everything you know . lf you have any knowledge of this man , you should speak up now . - What knowledge ? - His name . Whatever you 're withholding , you 'll be asked to explain yourself tonight at ajoint fbi panel I 've asked assembled on this matter . is this the man ? Michael Kritschgau ? Yes . - How 'd you get in here ? - Through the front door . - You can 't bypass security . - You can when you have the card . Put that away . Put it away . You knew my apartment was being surveilled . How ? Come with me . I was followed from your apartment the night we spoke . Someone at the fbi is involved . This man Ostelhoff was the contact ... How did you get his card ? I found it on a dead man . You know what that is ? What you have in your hand ? It gives you level-four clearance . Level-four clearance ? I get to dine at the Officers ' Club ? You have access to everything . Things that I can only tell you about . - l need to know who did this to Scully . - Which you can have . - What you may find is much more than that . - What ? What you want most desperately of all . The cure for Scully 's cancer ? Federal Bureau of lnvestigation . - Communication Center , please . - One moment . - Communications . Holly . - lt 's Dana Scully . Dana , I 'm so sorry about what 's happened. I just heard . l need your help on something. I was hoping that you could help with some information . - Sure . What do you need ? - l have some calls placed to the Bureau , on the sixth , seventh , eighth , ninth and tenth . They came in to the PBX operator . The first was at 11 : 21 . The next at 11 : 14 , 3 : 07 , 2 : 02 and 5 : 12 . They would have all gone to the same extension . - And you 're looking for that extension ? - Yes . l got five calls matching the times and dates transferred to an executive-level extension . - Whose ? - lt could be anyone at that level . Would Assistant Director Skinner be at that extension ? Yes . - Thank you . - OK . You take care now , Dana . Yes ? - Special Agent Scully ? - Yes . This is Dr Vitagliano at the Paleoclimatology Department at American University . You 'd asked me to look into these ice-core samples for you . Right. I 'm sorry that I haven 't gotten back to you . You might wanna come down to the lab . There 's something I know you 're gonna want to see for yourself . - What am I looking for ? - Level four is a biological quarantine wing . lt houses a series of labs and medical facilities in an elaborate system for the storage of vast quantities of DNA . - DNA from whom ? - Virtually every American born since 1945 . Every immigrant , every indigenous person who 's given blood to a government doctor . This is what I told you . This is the hoax into which you 've been drawn . The roots go back 50 years to the end of World War ll . Playing on a national appetite for bogus revelation and a public newly fearful of the atom bomb , the US military command fanned the flames of what were called " flying saucer " stories . There are truths which can kill a nation . The military needed something to deflect attention away from its arms strategy : global domination through the capability of total enemy annihilation . The nuclear card was fine if we alone could play it , but the generals knew they could not win a public-relations war . Those photos from Hiroshima were not faces Americans wanted to see in a mirror . Oppenheimer knew it , but we silenced him . When the Russians developed the bomb , the fear in the military was for armistice . The business of America isn 't business , it 's war . Since Antietam nothing has driven the economy faster . We needed a reason to keep spending money . If there wasn 't a war , we called it war anyway . The Cold War was essentially a 50-year public-relations battle , a pitched game of chicken against an enemy we only called names . The Communists called us a few names , too . " We will bury you , " Khrushchev said . The public believed it . After what McCarthy had done , they ate it with a big spoon . We squared off a few times , in Cuba , Korea and Vietnam . - Nobody dropped the bomb . Nobody dared . - What has this to do with flying saucers ? The US military saw a good thing in ' 47 when the Roswell story broke . The more we denied it , the more people believed it was true . Aliens had landed : a made-to-order cover story for generals looking to develop the national war chest . They opened investigations called Grudge , Twinkle , Project " Blue Book , " Majestic 12 . They brought in professors , congressmen , fed them enough bogus facts , fuzzy photos and eyewitnesses that they believed it , too . They 'd even hooked Doug MacArthur , for God 's sake . l can 't tell you how fortuitous the timing was . You know when the first supersonic flight was ? 1947 . Soon every experimental aircraft being flown was a UFO sighting . When the abduction stories started up , it was too perfect . We 'd almost gotten caught in Korea , a misstep . China and the Soviets knew it . The UN got heated up . Germ warfare . We were accused of using it on the Koreans . It was developmental , nothing like what we and the Russians have now . The bio-weapons used in the Gulf War were so ingenious as to be almost undetectable . - Developed right in this very building . - And these abductions , they 've been lies ? Not lies , exactly . But citizens taken unsuspecting and tested . A classified military project above top-secret and still ongoing . You 've heard the recent denials about Roswell by the military and the ClA ? What 's been the effect ? Even wilder and more widespread belief . The American appetite for bogus revelation . But I 've seen aliens . I 've witnessed these things . You 've seen what they wanted you to see . The line between science and science fiction doesn 't exist . This is about control , of the very elements of life - DNA . Yours , mine , everyone 's . Then why a hoax ? Why create hard evidence , an alien body that could be disproved ? The body you found was so good , so believable , that only a scientific examination would have proven the fraud . Scully would have known . The hoax was planned so that Agent Scully wouldn 't be alive to do an examination . You went along with all this . You let them do this to Scully . l paid the price , Agent Mulder . When my son came back sick from the Gulf War , that was my retribution . l 'm helping you now , but not unselfishly . Do you believe there 's a cure for him in here , too ? I have to think there is . Michael Kritschgau , may we talk to you ? - What about ? - DOD is detaining you for questioning . Would you come with us , Mr Kritschgau ? Sir ? I was told that you needed to see me . That there was some urgency . - lt seems I 've been left out of the loop . - Left out ? You were watching Mulder . You had a man on him . No one bothered to inform me of this . l know nothing about a man . l will not be cut out like this ! You need my expertise . is this being run from DOD ? lf it is , I 'm unaware of it . I 've always kept Mulder in check . l put this whole thing together . I created Mulder . Agent Mulder is dead . Our fbi source confirmed it this morning . Mulder killed himself . Mulder was an asset . Without his partner , we may have underestimated his fragility . l 've never underestimated Mulder . I still don 't . As you 'd asked , I 've tested some of the cellular material found in the ice-core sample . Because we couldn 't identify it as either plant or animal , only as some kind of chimeric hybrid , I put some of the cells in media containing fetal bovine serum . - The cells began to divide . - Then they were animal cells that you found . - They are not classifiable . - You said there was mitotic cell division . When the cells began to divide they didn 'tjust multiply . They began to go through the stages of morula , blastula , gastrula . - They began somatic development ? - The beginning of a life form . Growing into what , I don 't know . I had come here looking for answers , hoping not only to lay bare this conspiracy against the country and the men behind it , but to finally learn the truth about the possibility of intelligent extraterrestrial life . Now , with what I 've heard , my beliefs seem more and more improbable . The possibility of a cure for Scully somewhere inside these walls , my only hope . But if I might find it and somehow save her , the very existence of this cure would mean with certainty that I have believed in a lie from the start . I had no way to reach Agent Mulder , to tell him what I had discovered : an unidentified microscopic life form , whose very existence held the possibility of revelation . Was this organism , extracted from the ice which had entombed the alien corpse , the germ cell that might give proof of extraterrestrial life ? Or was it just the opposite : the scientifically engineered creation of a chimera , an unclassifiable biological product designed to set up a hoax , manufactured to create the false beliefs that have long driven Agent Mulder ? I now began to realize that the answer to this question might exist within the life form itself . Biological proof of its connection to the cancer invading my body , to a virus living inside this organism to which I had been exposed during my abduction three years ago . - l 'm not sure what you hope to find . - l need to do a Southern blot , to run the culture that you showed me against my own DNA . You said that the unclassified cells you saw were full of virus . Right . What are you looking for ? A match . And I need it before seven . Tonight ? Not gonna happen . Not unless we have a blazing-hot probe . lt 's got to happen . Everything in my life depends on it . - What are you doing ? - l was gonna ask you the same . No , you weren 't . You followed me here . Why are you following me ? is this more dirty work you 're doing for the DOD ? Why don 't you tell me what you 're doing here ? - l want an answer from you . - l want an answer from you ! - This isn 't yourjob ! - My job is to direct the agents under me . To question their motives when they 're lying about investigations . To take steps to cease or censure those actions . - Your lying is on record . - And what about yours ? I have the pathology and forensics reports for the body found in Mulder 's apartment . Now , you have to answer for yourself in five hours . As you compound the lies , you compound the consequences for them . All lies lead to the truth. lsn 't that right ? And what about your lie , Agent Scully ? What does it lead to ? The truth . About the men behind what happened to me . About my abduction and the tests . About being exposed to something against my will . About being put on a table and having something implanted in me , then having my memory stolen , only to have it returned along with a disease I was given . ls that yourjustification ? is that what you 'll tell the joint panel tonight ? - Are you afraid of that ? - Well , considering the dead man was murdered in cold blood and you wilfully misidentified him , yes , I am afraid . - But I 'm only afraid for you . - You 're gonna use that against me . You 're gonna use me as I 've been used all along , to preserve the lies . Where is Agent Mulder ? Your silence won 't save you . Not with these people . And if you lie , I don 't know if anything can . Except proof . The cruelest ironies are those consecrated by the passage of time , chanced and occasioned by shocking discovery . I had joined Mulder on the X-Files because of my background in the medical sciences . My assignment was to question his work , to debunk his investigations and rein him back into the fbi mainstream . Now , as fate would have it , I am calling on these very same skills to prove that he has been the target of a scheme orchestrated by someone close to us in the fbi . Someone we have trusted above all others , involved in a highly organized plot to keep a dangerous secret from the light of day . I could only guess at what Agent Mulder may have uncovered on his own , what he may have found to confirm or deny what he has long held to be a conspiracy to control the public inquiry into the government 's knowledge and contact with an alien race or races . If he had hoped , as I do , to learn the identity of those who sought to destroy us , I had , with the discovery of this unidentified microorganism , what could amount to forensic evidence . Hard and undeniable genetic evidence of a connection between the conspirators and the cancer which has now metastasized in my bloodstream . I have few short hours to conduct these tests before I must appear before an fbi panel to explain myself . And as I am ready to lie to them about Agent Mulder , I am also ready to confront them with proof . Proof extracted from this tiny organism that could blow open a conspiracy of global consequence . If Scully and I were led to believe that the conspiracy meant to destroy us has its roots in the Department of Defense , that fact seems all but irrefutable now . l had entered a storage facility by a hallway connecting underground to the Pentagon . On hundreds of shelves are materials that reveal nothing of the cure for Scully 's cancer . And now , as I have reached the terminus of this space , what appears to be an old filing system seems my only hope of finding what this man Kritschgau has assured me exists . lf his own desperate hope for his son 's cure has eluded him , I now share his desperation . But among these drawers is a sign , a glimmer , some small confirmation that the journey which has brought me here has not been in vain . Yes ? I had orders to contact you if Scott Ostelhoff entered the building . - ls he there ? - His key card was scanned at level four . He used the subterranean access to breach the Pentagon . - Are you sure it 's him ? - l can 't ascertain that . - Do you want me to apprehend him ? - Don 't do or say anything . l 'm on my way . If my work with Agent Mulder has tested the foundation of my beliefs , science has been , and continues to be , my guiding light . Now I am again relying on its familiar and systematic methods to arrive at a truth , a fact that might explain the fate that has befallen me . An investigation that began without , now turning within . Taking cellular material from the unidentified life form and isolating a virus contained within it , then matching the DNA from this virus against that which I believe has caused my cancer , I hope a picture will develop . A picture that might confirm my darkest suspicions about the source of this disease invading my body , in hope of providing evidence that its cause is not without blame , even though its cure remains unknown . lf science serves me to these ends , it is not lost on me that the tool which I have come to depend on absolutely cannot save or protect me , but only bring into focus the darkness that lies ahead . There it is . l don 't understand . My DNA hybridized with the viral DNA from the cell culture . But that means the material from the ice-core sample ... You 'd have to have DNA from the unclassified chimera cells in your own body . - l know . - But how ? And how did you know ? I believe that I was exposed to this material and it is responsible for giving me an illness . What kind of illness ? One which cannot be cured . If I had the cure for Scully 's cancer , I was now as dependent on her as she was on me . As I had breached this facility , I needed to find my way out to safety , depending on Scully to weave her story , to tell her tale , to make them believe the lie . - Agent Scully , please have a seat . - Thank you . Agent Scully , we 've had a brief discussion , but will you restate the matter we 're here to put to rest ? Yes , sir . Four years ago , Section Chief Blevins assigned me to a project you all know as the X-Files . As I am a medical doctor , with a background in hard science , my job was to provide an analytical perspective on the work of Special Agent Fox Mulder , whose investigations into the paranormal were fueled by a personal belief that his sister had been abducted by aliens when he was 12 . l come here today , four years later ... to report on the illegitimacy of Agent Mulder 's work . That it is my scientific opinion that he became , through the course of these years , a victim ... a victim of his own false hopes and of his belief in the biggest of lies . You were contacted by a man who claimed he worked for the Department of Defense , a Michael Kritschgau , who told you that Mulder had been taken in by a hoax . Yes , sir . He told me a story which detailed , point by point , the systematic way in which Agent Mulder had been deceived and used . And how I , as his partner , had been led down the same path , losing a family member due to my allegiance and contracting a fatal disease , which I was being told was engineered by the men responsible for Mulder 's deception . Could you convince Mulder of this ? What I couldn 't tell Agent Mulder , what I had only just learned myself , was that the cancer , diagnosed in me several months earlier , had metastasized . And the doctors told me , short of a miracle , it would continue to aggressively invade my body , advancing faster each day towards the inevitable . - l 'll have Security stop him at the entrance . - No , it 's OK . Let him go . Early this morning , I got a call from the police , asking me to come to Agent Mulder 's apartment . The detective asked me ... He needed me to identify a body . Agent Scully ... Agent Mulder died late last night from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Agent Scully , these accusations that you 've made ... - You 've been given a disease ... - Yes , sir . They 're extremely serious charges . Yes , sir , but I have proof ... against the men behind this , of the lies that I believed . What I have here is proof undeniable that the men who gave me this disease were also behind the hoax : a plot designed to lead to Agent Mulder 's demise , and to my own , planned and executed by someone in this room . What I have here is scientific evidence ... You . Somebody get a doctor . What ? What is it ? lt 's de-ionized water . It 's nothing more than that . Visiontext Subtitles : Adrian Isaac US english
