 - [ Man ] All in favor ? - [ Members ] Aye . Aye . All right . Starting Monday , the track around the athletic field ... will be closed to joggers at 8 : 30 p.m. Instead of 10 : 00 . Any other items before we call it a night ? Yeah , um , now I got wind that for the spring drama production ... Howard Roberts intends to put on Jesus Christ Superstar . You know how he is . Howard 's just trying to do things the kids like . My point exactly . Um , I don 't think that play is appropriate for this high school . If he wants to be young , I have no problems with Grease or Annie or ... - Doesn 't Grease have the F word ? - Look , I 'll talk to Howard . Okay , let 's adjourn till next week . Deborah , why don 't you lead us in the prayer ? Jim , the game is on . It 'll only take a minute . We 've been letting it slip . - [ Thunderclaps ] - Paul , why don 't you get the door ? [ Door Locks ] [ Committee Members ] In the name of the Lords of Darkness , Rulers of the Earth , Kings of the Underworld , I command the forces of darkness to bestow their infernal power upon me . - [ Deborah ] Sein ist die Hand die verletzt . - [ Members Repeat ] - [ Deborah ] Sein der Ort Gennant holle . - [ Members Repeat ] [ Deborah ] May the black powers of our forefathers make us strong . [ Teachers ] Hail . Hail to the Lords of Darkness . [ Thunderclaps ] - [ Girl ] How much further ? - [ Boy ] Up there a ways . I heard the altar is a hollow stump just up here . When they get freaked , you get Kate . I take Andrea . Those mittens are givin ' me a Gingrich . This is it . I need a personal object from everyone . All right . Now , Andrea , you get to stand over here , and faceJerry like this . Closer . Why like this ? That 's so that we 're calling the spirits up of every direction . Okay now , Kate , you got to stand here and face me . Do you really think someone used this place for black magic or is it just a rumor ? Come on , Dave ! Shh . In the name of the Lords of Darkness , Rulers of the Earth , Kings of the Underworld , rise , rise to this place . Azazel . Know ye all who dwell in the light of professed righteousness , that the others who know the keys in the angels have opened the gate . [ Evil Chanting ] [ Gasps ] [ Evil Chanting Continues ] [ Screams ] [ Screaming Continues ] - Forget this ! - Andrea ! Blessed art thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , Jesus . Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death . Andrea , wait ! [ Man ] A hunter found him early this morning . Couldn 't have been dead for more than 12 hours . - They say this area is used for witches ' ceremonies . - They ? Everybody and anybody who lives here knows about the things that go on in this town . They say there are people who control things . Any evidence to substantiate those rumors , Sheriff Oakes ? Agent Scully , look at the body . The eyes and heart have been cut out . Many homicides involve victim desecration . I know he and his friends listen to devil music . The Night Chicago Died ? You know what I mean . Those heavy metal bands that influence kids . Was Jerry Stevens or his friends ever witnessed participating in witchcraft ? - No . - More rumors . This stump here is supposed to be the ceremonial altar . [ Oakes ] What do you think ? I think with a few turquoise chips , a picture ofJohn Wayne and three cans of shellac , it 'd make a pretty nice coffee table . [ Oakes ] See that wax ? Someone 's been burning candles in there . Any idea whoJerry Stevens was with out here ? We assume he was alone . Most people don 't set out to drink two six packs by themselves . I also found this . It has some purple ink on the edge like a library identification stamp . And the end of the title says , In America . - I 'm surprised your people overlooked it . - I 'm sorry . I gotta apologize . You 're right . I admit we 're a little rattled . That 's why I called the F.B.I. This may involve a deeper conspiracy . I grew up around here . And ever since I was a kid , I heard stories . This is a weird area . It has a strange air ... that I could chalk up to imagination ... until today . I 'll have my staff start checkin libraries for you , Agent Scully . Better hide your Megadeth albums . Theories like that are why I can 't take him seriously . The homicide did have a ceremonial presentation . The manner in which the body was displayed . I got the impression you didn 't believe him either . I didn 't want to incite his already clearly aggravated imagination . But there is a weird feel to this place . Maybe there 's some truth to those rumors . I think he incited your imagination . This case is nothing more than a murderer taking advantage of local folklore . There 's nothing odd about ... [ Gasps ] So ... lunch ? Mulder , toads just fell from the sky . I guess their parachutes didn 't open . You were saying something about this place not feeling odd ? The National Weather Service says there are tornadoes in Northern Massachusetts . The wind probably picked up the animals into the storm . Witch Hunt : A History of the Occult in America . It 's checked out to a Dave Duran . [ Chattering ] [ School Bell Rings ] [ Woman ] People , may I have your attention , please ? Mr. Kingery is out sick today , so I 'll be substituting . My name 's Mrs. Paddock . I 'm going to take the roll . [ Knocking At Door ] F.B.I. , we 'd like to speak with a Dave Duran . - Come on . - Let me go ! I 'm not into that stuff at all . I swear . Jerry was my best friend . Look , I swear I 've never done anything like that . What made you go to a place you heard was a witches ' altar ? - [ Sighs ] We were just trying to get some . - I told you . Why did you take the book ? Because I don 't know a thing about witchcraft , and we wanted to make it sound good . I never thought ... You never thought what ? That it would work . If you didn 't killJerry Stevens , why did you run away from us in the classroom ? - I 'm scared , man ! - Of us ? Of it ! That ceremony . I 'm afraid we called up some devil or something . One of you killed Jerry Stevens . Who ? He was displayed according to the rites of Azazel . Who else would know about the ritual ? - We stopped doing this because ... - I went out there . We were supposed to have a mass . No one else showed , so I left . - It wasn 't any of us . - Something is here . A presence amongst us . Angry . I can feel it . [ Door Opens ] - You 're letting them go ? - There 's no evidence to warrant an arrest . - They never leave evidence . - We heard how Jerry Stevens was killed . - An occult ritual . - They 've reached into our area from the outside . They , again . Those three kids are obviously under a cult influence . They reach into our children , in music , television , books . They prey on children 's innocence . The F.B.I. Recently concluded a seven-year study and found ... little or no evidence of the existence of occult conspiracies . And J. Edgar Hoover never admitted to the existence of the Mafia . If the number of murders attributed to occult conspiracies were true , it would mean thousands of people killing tens of thousands of people a year ... without evidence , without being exposed . It would be the greatest criminal conspiracy in the history of civilization . Finally . You people understand what we 're up against . Our investigation is ongoing . Mulder , this is mass hysteria . And our presence here on a routine homicide ... only gives validity to their fears of occult murders . [ Mulder ] The water . What 's wrong with it ? It 's going down the drain counterclockwise . Coriolis force in the Northern Hemisphere dictates it should go down clockwise . That isn 't possible . Something is here , Scully . Something is making these things possible . [ School Bell Rings ] Girls , may I have a word ? I heard on the grapevine about what happened . And , well , I know how hard it is to talk to adults sometimes , even though you feel like you want to . Well , because you 're young adults ... What I 'm trying to say is , if you feel like talking , I 'm here to listen , okay ? - [ Both ] Thanks , Mrs. Paddock . - Hang in there . [ School Bell Rings ] Your records indicate a high incidence ... of students complaining of depression , headaches , eating disorders . This is high school . It 's normal for students to display abnormal behavior . I 'm assuming you 're familiar with the early indications of repressed memory . Just because a student has a headache doesn 't mean he 's repressing a memory . In your counseling , you 've found no evidence of any past ritual abuse ? None . Would it be possible for me to speak to any of the students who 've had chronic complaints ? That would be a betrayal of the doctor / patient relationship . Sorry . From the volume of student complaints , he was pretty quick to dismiss my concerns . - Maybe there 's nothing here . - Or he 's hiding something . Take a look at this . I found this on the Internet . The discovery yesterday of a mutilated teenage boy in the forest ... has police officials distressed about the possibility ... of a conspiratorial organization of Dark Forces . Where 's that pulled from ? Local paper ? TheJew is known to remove organs and sacrifice teens in their religious ceremonies . This is taken from Volkischer Beobachter . A Nazi newspaper in 1934 . The rumors are the same . But the blanks have been filled in with whoever must be feared or persecuted at the time . In this case , it 's occultists . Modern witches , known as Wiccan , are a religion . They have a great reverence for all life and nature . They do not cast harmful spells . They don 't worship Satan . Even the Church of Satan has renounced murder and torture . Their influence here wouldn 't account for ... the frogs or water draining backwards or most importantly , the murder . Well , if not witches , then what ? For your final examination , one half of your grade ... will be based on your diagram of a dissected pig embryo . Of course , these are actually hog embryos , belonging to the order of the Artiodactyl , or creatures with hooves . Be sure to remove the heart and lungs and draw a diagram of each . Be neat . Extra credit will be given for dissecting the heart . You have until the end of the period . I 'll cut it open if you do the heart . Okay . [ Screaming ] [ Student ] What 's goin 'on ? [ Sobbing , Screaming ] I 've had this happen before . Some kids have trouble dissecting things . Shannon , I 'm trying to reach your father and get him to pick you up . No ! - I 'm sure he 'll be here soon . - No ! - Shannon ? - [ Paddock ] Shannon , honey . Come back . Shannon , you 're remembering . Tell me what you remember . You know who my stepdad is , right ? Jim Ausbury on the P.T.C. All right , well , my mom , she 's a teacher . Well , was a teacher . My real dad , he , um , he ran away . And , and my mom metJim at some seminar , something . And they , um , they got married . My sister and I moved up here when I was about ... four . She was about two . Anyway , a couple of weeks ago , my class , we took a field trip to what they call the American Stonehenge . And ... I remember when I was four years old , Jim ... took me in his car near there . And he , um , he made me ... in the backseat . He told me that if I ever told anybody , that he would hurt me . As he touched me , you know , I would pretend like I was out of my body , deep in the ocean , down with the fish , in the dark water . Somehow , I don 't know , I managed to block out all these things , but lately it 's all been ... I 'm remembering , you know ? The others too . Others ? Yeah . Men and women . They would come to the house , you know , when my mom was away . And they would take me down to the basement . It was really dark . It was like painted red with a dirt floor . They would wear these robes , black and red . And they would sing and they would chant . And then they would tie me and my sister up . These men and women , they would make us do things . They called me a breeder . They would get me pregnant and then they would kill the babies . I 've had three children , and they 're all buried in the cellar . One night , Jim murdered my sister for a sacrifice . She was only eight years old . He told everybody that she died in an accident . Today brought it all back ... clear , like it happened yesterday . [ Sobbing ] [ Mulder ] Imagine if what she said is true . Why don 't we just wait and see what her parents have to say . Where 's Shannon ? They told me you were bringing her home . She wanted to remain with friends . And under the circumstances , we thought it best . Circumstances ? Why wouldn 't she want to come home ? Someone , or something , has obviously put these things into her mind . [ Woman Sobbing ] Mrs. Ausbury , perhaps you 'd like a glass of water . Yes , thank you . Mr. Ausbury . Mrs. Ausbury , your daughter has not accused you ... of any involvement in these activities . Do you have any idea why Shannon might have said these things ? [ Sighs ] Jim and I have been having marriage problems lately . We 're committed to working them out . Maybe we haven 't been paying enough attention to Shannon . She and I don 't ... We don 't get along . We fight . Have you ever known Shannon to be pregnant ? Of course not ! She 's 15 years old ! How can you possibly believe such ... Have you ever had another child ? A girl . Teresa . Sh-She died . At eight years old ? Eight weeks ... with crib death . Did you do it ? I would kill anyone who did the things to her that she claims . Not a very Christian tenet . Thou , God of vengeance , shine forth . Even the devil can quote scripture to fit his needs . How dare you ! Get out of our house ! As far as I know , you put those ideas in my daughter 's head . Now , get out ! The devil travels in many forms . And you may be one ! Are you sure you 're up to this , Shannon ? I heard about what you said . I 'll be okay . I don 't want to miss the final . I 'll be in my office ... if you 're feeling funny . Maybe you ought to remove your jewelry . You wouldn 't want to lose it in some pig 's guts . I 'll hold it until you 're finished . [ Sighs ] [ Groaning ] [ Shannon Screams ] I heard the chair and a crash , and I came running out of the office . Did you see anybody leaving the room ? Did you hear the door open ? I lock the doors after school when I 'm alone . I get afraid . I feel a Dark Angel is amongst us . It wants a sacrifice . It 's been years since ... since we 've done that . Exactly . Exactly ! We haven 't kept our faith . Are any of you ... responsible for my daughter ? We all are . She was sacrificed for us . It 's a portent . Shannon 's death allows us to get rid of the police , the F.B.I. It can all be blamed on her . Jim , you tell them ... she had a thing forJerry Stevens . She killed him out of jealousy . She cut out his eyes ... because she couldn 't stand to have him look at another girl . And his heart , because she was heartbroken . But when they leave and are gone , we must rekindle our faith , rather than lose it . [ Thunderclaps ] I never imagined she would hurt herself like that . I 'm old-fashioned , Agent Scully . I can 't bring myself to believe that children ... are capable of such things as they are these days . She wanted me to hold that for her . Excuse me . In her office , there 's a faint odor of incense . She says it 's to block the smell of formaldehyde . It 's also used in Black Mass Rituals . I 've got to admit there are some oddities to her story . What do you mean , oddities ? The man she replaced has taken two sick days in a 15-year career . The morning ofJerry Stevens 's murder , Mr. Kingery developed necrotizing fasciitis . - The flesh eating bacteria ? That 's very rare . - I know . And when I questioned the other staff members about Mrs. Paddock 's background , no one can even recall hiring her . [ Thunderclaps ] Look , I 'm even getting caught up in this . I 'm sure that Mrs. Paddock 's arrival and the teacher 's sickness is just a coincidence . And the fact that no one can recall hiring her , it 's a bureaucratic oversight . This is something we both should get caught up in . I 'm gonna get a search warrant for the Ausbury house . They 're staying with friends . You check deeper into Mrs. Paddock . [ Man ] Power 's out . My religion , my family , Agent Mulder , goes back in this town seven generations . They fled persecution from people being persecuted . All in the name of religion . I was raised to believe Christianity was synonymous with hypocrisy . Man 's natural tendency was to Do what thou wilst . Not do unto others . We believe ... man is nothing but an animal . No better , no worse ... than those that walk on four legs . And although I believed our faith kept us powerful in the community , wealthy , good health , I came to see hypocrisy in the others . In me . When they told me ... to blame my dead daughter forJerry Stevens 's death , my reaction ... I was sick that they would vilify an innocent , someone I loved , just to protect themselves . And at that moment , I knew I am better than an animal . That my ... previous beliefs were responsible ... for her no longer being with us . And that it was time to talk to you . [ Groaning ] Clean . [ Groaning ] Did you abuse Shannon ? - Never sexually . - And the rituals ? The blood of the young is considered very powerful . We 'd include them in the ceremonies ... against their will . They were too young to be trusted not to talk , but we never physically hurt them . We 'd slip over the ancient rituals that we didn 't want to do . Like drinking grape juice instead of wine at Communion ? What about Shannon 's memories ? We 'd perform a sort of post hypnotic suggestion that repressed their memories . When they came of age , 18 , 21 , then they were made aware of the religion and brought into its practice . When she recalled the past events , she must 've mixed up reality with , with that crap that 's on Geraldo and the tabloids . Did the others kill Jerry Stevens ? Shannon ? No . But you are responsible . You knew the possibilities contained in your beliefs , no matter how watered-down . Did you really think you could call up the devil and ask him to behave ? Who are the others ? - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Yeah ? [ Scully 's Voice ] Mulder , the school . I 'm in trouble . Scully ? We 've got an emergency . I 'm placing you under arrest . I 'll be back for you later . [ Crying ] [ Screams , Gagging ] - Scully ? - Mulder , what 's wrong ? You called me . You said you were in trouble . No , I didn 't touch the phone . [ Mulder ] Ausbury confessed to conspiracy . He 's gonna give up the names of everybody involved . Parents , teachers . I checked on Mrs. Paddock 's background . I don 't think she 's involved . [ Gun Cocks ] My God ! Do you think it 's some kind of acid ? There 's no evidence of any reaction with the wood from the acid . There are tracks in the dirt ... like from a snake . That 's impossible . It would take a large python hours to consume and weeks to digest a human being . You really do watch the Learning Channel . Scully . Snake skin . There 's a python in Paddock 's room . Sheriff Oakes called me . Jim Ausbury is dead . He was talking to the F.B.I. Did they kill him ? You know who killed him . Ausbury was no believer . He had no real faith . No devotion . He was punished for his doubts . We have to act ... or the same will happen to us , if it 's not already too late . We have to assume Jim told them who we are . If Mulder knows , it will make the offering all the more meaningful . [ Tires Screeching ] They 're here . Lock the office . No keys . They were in my pocket . [ Groaning ] Mulder ? Mrs. Paddock , what happened ? I came back . They were taking the snake . Mrs. Brown , Mr. Vitaris , there are things about them I learned . - I must tell you , I think they killed that boy . - We know about them . - Conference room . It 's all there . - [ Busy Signal ] The paramedics must be tied up by the storm . You just stay there . We 're gonna lock the door . Stay still . I 'll be back . [ Crashing Sound ] It will make the blood easier to clean up . [ Speaking Latin ] [ Latin ] [ Latin ] [ Latin ] [ Gunshots ] - [ Grunts ] - [ Gunshot ] You 're right . It is already too late . Oh , God . Mulder , did you see his expression ? It was as if something else had control of him . Paddock . [ Scully ] Mrs. Paddock ? Mulder ?
