 Come on ! All right ! Get down there , now ! Just leave it ! Get out of my way ! - This is mutiny ! - No , sir . It 's survival . They 'll come for us ! They 're sendin ' help . By the time they get here , it 'll be too late . It may already be too late . Don 't do this . That 's an order ! Lieutenant Harper ! Shoot me if you want , Captain , but I 'm not waiting around so I can wind up like the others . Gotta go . Throw up the line . Cast off ! Hit me . - It looks like she 's just drifting 'out there . - Mm . We 're headin ' for her . This is the Lisette , Canadian fishing vessel CV233 . Please identify . This is the Lisette . Come in , please . Cut the engines and meet me up on deck . Hello , out there ! Hey ! We 're throwin ' ya a line ! Grab it ; we 'll pull ya in ! Is everybody all right ? Are there any injured ... Scully , thanks for coming . What was so urgent that you couldn 't tell me over the phone ? I didn 't want to waste any time . A Navy destroyer escort , the U.S.S. Ardent , has been missing in the North Atlantic for the past 42 hours . - Missing ? - No radio contact and no distress signals picked up . Search planes and satellites haven 't picked up anything either . You 're saying that a ship and its entire crew just vanished ? Well , that 's what it looked like until last night . A Canadian trawler picked up 18 survivors . - Well , they must have reported what happened . - Only one is still alive . He 's been taken into the I.C.U. Under heavy security . - What was wrong with him ? - That 's what I was hoping you could tell me . They won 't let me in to see him , but because of your medical background , I was able to get you a clearance code . I want your opinion on this . His name is Harper , Lieutenant Richard Harper . - Mulder ... - Meet me back at my office when you 're finished . Thank you . Excuse me . Is this Lieutenant Richard Harper ? That 's what his wristband says . And he 's been positively identified ? All military personnel are fingerprinted . Those records were cross-checked . Then I think there 's been some kind of a mistake here . According to this report , Lieutenant Harper is 28 years old . Why hasn 't a systemic workup been ordered on this patient ? I wasn 't aware that my diagnostic decisions required your approval . I 'm the physician in charge of this patient . Let me see your clearance . Can you tell me what 's going on here ? How can you explain what happened to this man ? This clearance code is invalid . Where 'd you get this ? Who are you ? I am a medical doctor , and I would like to see the autopsy reports on the victims . I haven 't got time for this . Give me my patient 's chart and leave before I have you removed . Something very strange is going on here , Mulder . Did they let you in to see Lieutenant Harper ? Yeah , I saw somebody , but whether it was actually the lieutenant ... - What do you mean ? - He looked about 90 years old . Off by about half a century . You don 't seem too surprised . I wanna show you something . This was the course of Ardent when she disappeared . Now , I 've been tracking the points of departure and destination ... for each of these " X " files . On December 12 , 1949 , a Royal Navy battleship ... disappeared between Leeds and Cape Perry . The sea was calm , the weather , sunny . In 1963 , at the height of the Cuban Missile Crisis , a fleet of Soviet minesweepers left from here for Havana . All six vessels vanished without a trace . All in all , I 've counted nine unexplained disappearances . Each of them passed through here , the 65th parallel . - Another Bermuda Triangle ? - It 's more like a wrinkle in time ... if Lieutenant Harper is any indication . - Wrinkle in time ? What ? - Do you know anything about the Philadelphia Experiment ? It was a program during World War II to render battleships invisible to radar . But then the Manhattan Project heated up , and it was discontinued . And most of the scientists were relocated to Los Alamos . - Except none of those scientists made it to Los Alamos . - Where were they sent ? Roswell , New Mexico . Are you suggesting the Philadelphia Experiment used alien technology ? Less than nine months after the alleged crash of a UFO in Roswell , the U.S.S. Eldridge did more than just hide from radar screens . It disappeared altogether from the Philadelphia Navy Yard only to reappear minutes later , hundreds of miles away , in Norfolk , Virginia . That 's not possible , Mulder , not without defying all laws of time and space . Those physicists may have been trying to manipulate wormholes on Earth . - Wormholes ? - Actual portals where matter interfaces with time ... at a relatively decelerated or accelerated rate . I 'm betting the military never stopped the work it began 50 years ago . - And that 's what you think happened to Lieutenant Harper ? - I 'll find out soon enough . - I 'm booked on an 8 : 30 flight to Norway . - Have you let Skinner in ? No . I 'm giving myself a 24-hour head start before I give Skinner my report . I want this one myself . I 'm going with you . If that really was Lieutenant Harper , I wanna know what happened to him . 0 for 5 . What is it , Mulder ? Why are they so afraid ? My father spent the better part of his life at sea . He had a healthy respect for the ocean , but he never feared it . - I see fear in these men 's eyes . - Bruntdland couldn 't have taken you out there anyway . A ship has to be classified ice-class ... before it can even go past the Lofoten Basin . My name is Trondheim , Henry Trondheim . The ship you want is the Zeal , a 50-ton trawler with a double hull . It 's my ship . - You 're American . - I was born and raised in Pensacola . I ran a charter business there . I got fed up with tourists . How do you feel about the sea north of Beerenberg ? - This time of year , it 'd be ten hours minimum each way . - So you 've been there ? A few times . A few times I got some of my best hauls out of there . - Why is everyone else so afraid to go there ? - Well , legends . - They grow up on stories . - What stories ? A huge stone came out of the sky , crashed into the pack ice . - A meteorite . - An evil god . They worship it by stayin 'away . So , exactly what is it that you 're lookin ' for up there ? A number of things . - How good are you ? - About as good as you 're going to get considering ... no one else will take you there . - When can we leave ? - As soon as we shake on a price . Feeling any better ? You 're lucky you inherited your father 's legs . - What ? - Sea legs . It 's been about 12 hours . You said it was gonna take 10 . What 's going on ? I told you before . The visibility is lousy . I 've never seen it this thick . - How much longer till we get there ? - We 're right where you wanna be . I even think we 've got what you 're lookin ' for . - One minute it 's right in front of us . The next , it 's not . Like something 's messing with my radar and my navigation system . - I can 't explain it ... - Captain ! We 're gonna hit ! Halvorsen , check the hull for damage . I don 't get it . This is what you 're lookin ' for ? It 's the U.S.S. Ardent . It 's a destroyer escort . All right . What do you want with it , anyway ? It 's a ghost ship . Look at all this corrosion . No one 's been aboard this vessel in 20 , 30 years . Hey , Scully . Let 's check the crew quarters first . Mulder . They almost look mummified . Like they 've been dead a very long time . Except for this strange residue . What was that ? - An engine . - My ship ! No ! - That 's my ship ! - Hey ! Who the hell has taken my ship ? - Hey ! Hey ! That 's my ship . Nope . All right . Try it again . No . What is it ? It 's caked with the same residue that 's covering everything . So we can 't even send a distress signal . The engine 's so corroded down there you can 't even tell what it is . I 've never seen anything like it . Halvorsen 's trying to salvage the parts , but basically what we are is dead in the water . Well , the radio 's dead too . Somebody 's not telling me what 's goin ' on here . Now , look , that ship was not just my livelihood . That was my life . I have a right to some straight answers . What we 're seeing here may be the result of some kind of military experiment . - Military experiment ? - An artificial time band ... where matter moves through time at an accelerated rate . - Tell me in English . - Time may be speeding up . Right . That 's almost as crazy as Halvorsen 's " there 's a rock that comes down from the sky " ... This ship was launched in 1991 . I don 't know how else to explain the extent of the corrosion ... or the decay of the bodies down below . You 're not buying any of this , are you ? Oh , God . - What happened ? - His skull 's been fractured . Who is that ? Halvorsen . Who are you ? Captain Barclay , Commanding Officer , U.S.S. Ardent . Here you go . Captain Barclay , according to your log , shortly after the navigation system failed , several of your crew members saw something in the sea : A growing light . It came up through the fog in the middle of the night ... like it was on fire . - Do you have any idea what it might have been ? - Power loss . Everything stopped . Everything . Even the sea . Even the wind . And the ship ... my ship ... She began to bleed ... from the hull through the rivet seams . He 's a drunkard ! He 's a drunkard ! And he killed Halvorsen . To hell with him ! I don 't have to listen to his lies . I 'm no liar . It happened . First to some of my men , then to all of 'em . What happened ? Time got lost . That 's okay , Captain . You can take it easy . We 're gonna do whatever we can to help you out . What can you do ? You can 't do anything . I 'm 35 years old . - There 's no way he killed Halvorsen . - Yeah . I 'd have to agree with you . The blow that killed Halvorsen was delivered with considerable strength , and he can 't even hold a glass with two hands . That means there 's somebody else on board . You were a good first mate . You left me alone , and you did your job . It 's a shame this had to happen to you so young . Put it down ! Put down the pipe ! Put it down . - I could kill you for what you 've done ! - Back off ! - He killed Halvorsen ! - He may be our only chance to figure out what happened . - Look at him . Look at him . He hasn 't aged . Back off . - His name 's Olafsson . - You know him ? Everybody in Tildeskan knows him . He 's a pirate whaler . He 's a wanted criminal . He supplies whales to thejapanese black market . - Blues , belugas , sperm . - Ask him how he got here . I don 't need a translator for that . We 'll question him later . I don 't wanna leave Scully alone in case there are others . I think we found who killed Halvorsen . He 'd have killed me too , if it wasn 't for Mulder . The ship 's log said something about four sailors picked up when their vessel had sunk . I guarantee it was Olafsson 's men who took my boat and left him stranded there . It 's just like these dogs to slit each other 's throats . - Maybe we should ask the captain some more questions . - Mulder , Barclay is dead . I don 't know how it happened . It was just in the last 15 minutes . It 's just like those men below . It 's more than rapid aging , Mulder . - It 's almost as if he 's turning into a pillar of salt . - Is that what this is ? It appears to be crystalline , but beyond that ... All right . We 're all tired . Let 's stow the captain 's body , tie up Olafsson , so we can all get some rest . I 'll take first watch in case he 's not alone . - Scully ? - Hmm ? I just fell asleep . - You want a few more minutes ? - No . I 'm up . - Scully ? - Mulder , what happened to you ? Time acceleration is an equation , Mulder , a theory . Then theoretically , it 's possible . What else could it be ? Whatever it is , it isn 't a time warp . None of us has directly observed any of the phenomena recorded in the ship 's log . - There is no hard evidence to indicate this is a time warp . - We 're the evidence , Scully . Look at us . We 're aging by the minute . If this is rapid aging phenomena , why hasn 't our hair grayed or started to fall out ? And what about him ? Huh ? What about him ? Why isn 't he getting old ? Relax . - Relax , Trondheim . Save your energy . - I don 't have to listen to you . - It 's because of you that we got into this . - Nobody twisted your arm . I signed on to bring you here , not to die . - Mulder , what do you know about free radicals ? - Is this a quiz ? They 're highly reactive chemicals containing extra electrons . They can attack DNA proteins . They can cause our body tissue and cell membranes to oxidize . - Grow old , you mean . - Is the prevailing theory on how our bodies age . So you think something is triggering that reaction in us ? This is just a theory , but what if this ship is drifting ... towards another massive metallic source ... like a meteor . Maybe it 's way down deep in the ocean or embedded into an iceberg . But the two could effectively be acting as positive and negative terminals ... with the ocean itself being a kind of giant battery . That level of electromagnetic energy could be exciting the free radicals ... and effectively oxidizing every piece of matter in its field . It makes sense , Scully . The organic equivalent to rust would be rapid premature senescence . What the hell ? Captain Barclay said the ship was bleeding . It 's not blood , Scully . It 's rust . Trondheim , you keep an eye on Olafsson . - Where are you going ? - Mulder , where are we going ? I 'm not sure yet , but we don 't have much time to get there . You see this yellow pipe ? It 's the only one that hasn 't corroded through . Olafsson and his men . Why were they holed up here ? This is the only drinkable water on the ship . We were both wrong , Scully . It 's the water . - All the other water 's been contaminated . - Contaminated how ? Something must 've got into the de-salination tanks ... where all the ship 's portable water is stored . But water in the sewage system is recycled again and again . It doesn 't come from the sea . If you 're right , then Captain Barclay 's drinking binge is what kept him alive . - And the water from this tank will do the same for us . It doesn 't sound like there 's very much left . What happened ? You were supposed to watch him . I feel pretty bad about it . I shouldn 't have dozed off . Wait a minute . What do you want me to say ? He 's gone . He got away . - I wanna know what happened . - You 're the one that tied him up . There 's nothing wrong with my knot . This rope 's been severed . I don 't like being interrogated . I don 't owe you any explanations . Trondheim ! Let go of me . Look . We have a lot of work to do here . I 'm gonna need blood and urine samples from both of you . - What for ? - We found out what caused the aging . What is it now ? The two of you are full of theories . First it 's one thing , then another . - By the time you figure out what it is , we 'll be dead . - It 's the water , Trondheim . Something got into the de-sal tanks , but the water in the sewage system is untainted . It kept Olafsson alive this long . Maybe it 'll slow the process in us . This is good news , isn 't it ? So what happens now ? " It has been 18 hours , 45 minutes since the onset of symptoms . Rudimentary blood tests have revealed impossibly high concentrations ... of sodium chloride : Salt . Though the contaminated water itself is not saline , it appears to catalyze existing body fluids , causing massive and rapid cellular damage . The untainted water has slowed the degenerative progression ... in Trondheim and me . But Mulder has fared less well , perhaps because of the dehydration he suffered on the way here . " I think I just lapped George Burns . I 'll be right back . If you 've got something to say , say it , but don 't hover behind me like that . The water isn 't helping him . - Then maybe we should double his ration . - What for ? - A lake full of water isn 't gonna bring him back . - We don 't know that for sure . - Not yet . - Look at him . - We 've wasted too much water on him as it is . - Who are you to decide ? You don 't have to be a doctor to see that he isn 't gonna make it . But you and me , Scully , you and me ... We 'd better start lookin ' out for ourselves . " Mulder 's urinalysis continues to indicate ... his kidneys 'failure to excrete the substance I 'm calling ' heavy salt . ' Whether the untainted water taken from the sewage system ... is even helping him at all is unclear . What does remain clear to me is that I can 't give up trying . " Trondheim ? - What are you doing ? - Listen to this . You know what that is ? It 's a funeral bell . There 's only a few gallons left , maybe less . There 's enough to keep us all alive for a few more days . Or one of us alive long enough to be rescued . Don 't come any closer . What are you gonna do ? Shoot me ? Trondheim , listen to me . The Navy knows where we are . They know these coordinates , and they 're gonna be here soon . - So why don 't we just go back into the mess hall ... - Why don 't you shoot me ? - If you think that I 'm gonna let Mulder have another drop ... Trondheim ? Trondheim ? You 're almost out of pages . It 's good you kept a record . Trondheim 's locked himself in the sewage hold . He 's back-flushed all the water , and he 's keeping it for himself . I looked everywhere , and this was all I could find . It 's sardine juice , half a dozen lemons ... and the water from a snow globe . It 's not Evian , but ... - You go ahead and drink it . - No , Mulder . It 's the only logical choice , Scully . You 're a woman . Your life expectancy is greater , and your body retains more water in fatty tissues . That 's more reason for you to drink it . You have a much greater chance of surviving till help comes . Don 't do this , Mulder . Don 't be so stubborn , Scully . You know I 'm right . Well , there isn 't much liquid to make a difference anyway . There might be . No . What was that ? The outer hull must 've finally corroded through , which means we 're taking on water . Mulder ... the water . Open . Okay . Open the door ! Help me ! Help me ! Help me ! Help me ! Help . Help ... I always thought when I got older I 'd maybe take a cruise somewhere , but this isn 't exactly what I had in mind . The service on this ship is terrible , Scully . It 's not fair . It 's not our time . We still have work to do . Mulder ... when they found me ... after the doctors and even my family had given up ... I experienced something that I never told you about . Even now it 's hard to find the words . But there 's one thing I 'm certain of . As certain as I am of this life ... we have nothing to fear when it 's over . I 'm so tired . You should sleep . " Agent Fox Mulder lost consciousness ... at approximately 4 : 30 this morning , the 12th of March . There is nothing more I can do for him or for myself . Supplies are exhausted . No food or liquid consumed for over 24 hours . The outer hull most probably flooded , though for now the inner hull is supporting the ship 's mass . Among Halvorsen 's belongings , I found a children 's book of Norse legends . From what I can tell , the pictures show the end of the world . Not in a firestorm of damnation as the Bible teaches us , but in a slow , covering blanket of snow . First the moon and the stars will be lost in a dense white fog . Then the rivers and the lakes and the sea will freeze over . And finally , a wolf named Skoll ... will open his jaws and eat the sun , sending the world into an everlasting night . I think I hear the wolf at the door . " Agent Scully ? Agent Scully , can you hear me ? Mm . - Yeah . - It 's been 36 hours since your rescue . I 've got you on dialysis with a high flux filter . You 're obviously responding well . Your electrolytes are almost back to normal , and your fluid status has been corrected . Mulder . Where is he ? His endocrine system was considerably more compromised than yours . Frankly , we didn 't think that he 'd make it , until we discovered this . Based on your observations , we 're giving him a course of synthetic hormones , which seems to be working . Whatever caused this is still out there . I have to talk to a Naval liaison . - We have to salvage the ship in order to study the salt . - The ship was taking on water . It sank less than an hour after you were rescued .
