 The Navy ... wanted to hear my story . They said I owed it to the dead to tell them the truth . I told them where to stick the truth . I 'm the last one who knows what killed the men aboard that submarine , who knows it was a suicide mission . But I 'll burn in hell before I tell the murderers who sent us there . That 's why we 've come here , all the way from Washington , sailor . To hear your story . To make sure thatjustice is served . You said that after your outburst , the XO Johansen locked you up with your captain . Johansen did what he had to . That 's war . Some are sacrificed so that others can live . You 've gotta get us out of here ! And when that door shut , I knew my life - all our lives - had just been sacrificed . Johansen ! Open this door ! Open this door ! Johansen ! For the first time , I saw the enemy that was killing us . That thing was causing the slow , painful death . And I prayed one of the Japanese depth charges would finish the job . You called this thing " the enemy . " You 're saying it was an entity of some sort ? The Navy says we were sent to recover an A-bomb . That why we got all these burns . Give me a freakin ' break . Whatever it was , we were sent to guard it . This was what exposed the crew to radiation ? Before it slithered away , back to where it came from , back into the sea , back into who knows what . That thing is still down there . The Navy 'll deny it , but you 've got to make sure the truth gets out . I can trust you to do that , can 't I , Mr Mulder ? You can trust all of us . Where 's Walter Skinner ? He came in with a gunshot wound . - Agent Scully . - Agent Fuller . This is Agent Caleca . The DC police called us . - How bad is he ? - We don 't know . He 's in surgery . - What happened ? - Some hothead drew a gun in a coffee shop . Skinner was in the way . - What do you have ? - A description from the waitress . A handgun was found in the parking lot . Unregistered , no prints . We got two partials off the cash register . - Hair and fiber ? - This just happened a few hours ago . The assistant director has been shot . We have to make all resources available . Excuse me . - How is he ? - He came out of the surgery OK , but he 's still in a lot of pain . I 've seen him before , the man who shot me . Give me the key . - When we get there . - l wanna make sure we get there together . Give it to me . What 's " Cl " mean ? When we get there . - How 's he doing ? - He 's on steady Demerol . He 's in and out . - l asked for guards to be posted outside . - We put in a request with the DC police . This wasn 't a random shooting. I want guards posted here. I want them here now . - We 'd have to pull men off something else . - l 've heard the excuses . I don 't care if you have to stand out in the hallway yourselves . This man has to be protected , OK ? We 're being followed . A dark sedan with its lights off . It was parked on the shoulder about a half-mile back . Speed up . Speed up . Get out . - Where 's the digital tape ? - l don 't have it . Hey ! Are you all right ? - Got your message . - Good morning . We found something I knew you 'd wanna see . - On the shooter ? - Yeah . The partial prints came to nothing . But we found saliva on Skinner 's shirt that wasn 't his . This is an analysis of the secretors and other hemo factors . So we 're looking for a male in his forties , blood type B-positive . - We already know that from the description . - There 's more . We were able to chromosome-stain some of the hair fibers . We still gotta find the guy to get a match . We can run his indicators against suspects arrested in DC in the last two years . That takes too much time . You know what ? Run it anyway . - Can I borrow this for a while ? - Go ahead . We picked him up last night . The burns you 're looking at are somatic , caused by close-proximity radiation exposure . Same as the French sailors aboard that salvage ship. identical . - What 's the prognosis ? - lt 's just a matter of time . This kind of absorption will have a rapid effect on cellular activity , giving rise to the onset of massive and malignant cancers . - Has anyone been in to see these men ? - No . Your orders were to isolate them . I think we should get a specialist in here . I 've never seen anything like this before . - l have . - You know what caused this ? Have the bodies destroyed . But , sir , these men aren 't dead yet . Isn 't that the prognosis ? Guess I 'm not dead . What happened ? - Maybe you could tell me . - The state police found you unconscious . You were strapped in the passenger seat of a rental car that had been driven into a ditch . We were run off the road by two men . - Who 's " we " ? - Krycek . - Krycek ? - He was in Hong Kong . He 's got the digital tape . He 's been selling information . - ls that what the men wanted ? - They ordered him out of the car . I thought they were gonna kill us both . And then there was this bright flash . That 's all I remember . Well , it may not be the best time to tell you , but ... you 're not the only one in the hospital . Skinner 's been shot . - What 's his condition ? - A bullet perforated his small intestine . The doctor seems to think he 'll be fine . - Who shot him ? - l 'm not sure . But I have an idea . What are those ? PCR results . This one belongs to the man who shot Skinner . And who 's this one belong to ? The man who shot Melissa . You may all be wondering why I 've called you here on such short notice . We 've received disturbing reports from our intelligence sources . A French salvage vessel came into San Diego , its crew all dying of radiation exposure . Its last given position was the site where we recovered the UFO . How could they know about that location ? We haven 't been able to determine that . The French government denies any involvement . - They got those coordinates somehow . - lt seems we have an information leak . Has our associate in Washington looked into this ? Apparently he has responded to the situation in a way that I don 't think any of us would have anticipated . - How do you mean ? - l don 't have all the details . But I 've asked him to come here and explain it himself . Hi . How are you feeling ? Like someone 's been inside my stomach redecorating . What have you turned up on the shooter ? We 've determined that the man who shot you is the same man who shot my sister . - l bet you had to work to get that , huh ? - Yes , I did . You don 't seem surprised . Three men came to see me a few days ago . They warned me about pursuing your sister 's murder investigation . - Do you realize what you 're saying , sir ? - l 'm not advancing a conspiracy theory . You 're saying that they closed down my sister 's case , not because of lack of evidence , but because they didn 't want us to catch the killer . Be very careful about the accusations you make . The man who shot you . You said that you 'd seen him before . Several months ago . He was one of the men who attacked me in the stairwell , with Krycek . He was working with Krycek ? They stole the digital tape from me . Damn it ! Krycek . Mulder had him . Listen to me . Anger is a luxury that you cannot afford right now . If you 're angry , you 're gonna make a mistake . These people will take advantage of that . You 've seen how they operate . I 'll be OK . Scully . If you can 't keep your head , it 's all right to step away . That 's exactly what they want . Addendum to case number 621517 . In the absence of any official response to my request to have my sister 's case reopened , I am now petitioning to devote full Bureau resources to the search for Alex Krycek . Since Agent Mulder left the hospital , we have had no success locating Krycek or the two men he described as his abductors . Personally , I believe Krycek is the key to identifying the larger forces behind the crime we are investigating . He alone can name the man who shot my sister and explain the strange radiation deaths aboard the French salvage vessel . - lt looked great on me in the store . - What 's this doing here ? I had it flown in from San Diego as evidence . - Evidence of what ? - The suit was covered in a thin film of oil . As was the French diver when I found him delirious on his kitchen floor . - What kind of oil ? - Reports say it 's the same substance found on the diver 's wife when she was discovered in a Hong Kong airport bathroom . The analysis shows it 's 50-weight diesel oil , the same oil used on World War ll submarines and on P-51 Mustangs . - l don 't understand . - This oil is 50 years old , and its composition has been altered by exposure to radiation . But how did this get onto the diver , and then onto the diver 's wife ? I don 't think this is just ordinary diesel oil . I think it 's a medium . A medium being used by some kind of alien creature that uses it to ... body-jump . So you 're saying this stuff has intelligence ? I think it came off whatever they pulled up from the Pacific Ocean . It 's been waiting down there for 50 years for another host . Another body to bring it up to the surface . Waiting to jump into the diver , then his wife . - And then to Krycek . - Krycek ? I think Mrs Gauthier went to Hong Kong , controlled by this , to find Krycek ... - l know. I know how it sounds . - ls anybody not looking for Krycek ? No , but I think the $ 64,000 question is what is this thing looking for ? Now that it 's in Krycek , what does it want ? - Nothin ' to it . - You should use our services more often . We show talent for G-men activities . If I want somebody whacked with a lead pipe ? Only if you want the job done right . It 's gone . - Where is it ? - l 've been expecting you . Put that down . I have what you want . You 've made us wait . There was a delay on the shuttle from Washington . You had business there ? Yes . You may have already heard . We 've heard you acted on your own and moved the salvaged UFO to another location . These new attempts to recover it have increased our need for security . Who else is looking for it ? In the event , I moved it as a safeguard . Somebody better damn well find out how the French even knew where to look for it . I can assure you it 'll be inaccessible now . Why not bring it to Nevada , like the others ? Leaks in security have made the base in Nevada unviable . - ls this why I was called here ? - No . We 'd like an explanation about this business with the assistant director of the Bureau - Skinner . - Random shooting , for all I know . - A waitress described the shooter . They released a composite of his face to the press . One of yours , isn 't he ? I don 't know what to tell you . - lf he did , he acted on his own . - Good Lord . - This is a very serious exposure for us . - l 'll take care of it . My advice to you , sir , is to understand the priorities here . Get this shooter out of the country as quickly as possible . If Skinner ids him , our well-placed operatives won 't be able to prevent an arrest , compromising beyond repair the secrecy of our work and the security , as you so arrogantly assert , of our project 's future . It 'll be handled . I 've got something here . Writing . Somebody wrote on top of the package . It left an impression . - Let me see that . - Your guys at the fbi turned a serial murderer with a pen impression . - lt looks like something . - Your guys at the Bureau have a laser that can measure change in a surface to a few nanometers . Actually , they can lift an impression using toner and a sheet of Mylar . An electrostatic device is applied to the specimen . It shows the impression by drawing the toner from the indentations to the Mylar surface . - Actually ... - Actually , it 's a New York phone number . 555-1012 . Don 't drop that . That 's finely calibrated investigative equipment . - l gotta make a phone call . - l 'll be damned . Yes ? No , this is a private line . You must have misdialed . No , there 's no one here to take your call . I 'm sorry , I can 't help you . Please hold on . - Who is this ? - Who is this ? Who gave you this number ? You probably know him . A man named Krycek . - Alex Krycek ? - Yeah . Nice guy . Killed my father . You wouldn 't happen to know where he is , do you ? It 's Mr Mulder , isn 't it ? So nice of you to remember . Mr Mulder , can we meet somewhere ? Oh , I would love to . Give your phone number to my assistant . He 'll call you back in five minutes . Tell him I 'll meet him in three hours in Central Park , near the lighted walkway off 79th , near the reservoir . When you hang up , have this number disconnected . Well , we got a name to go with the face . Beautiful . His name is Luis Cardinal . A native of Nicaragua . School of the Americas alumni . Career mercenary . lmpressed many people with his marksmanship during the lran-Contra deal . - l 'll bet . - That 's actually the good news . - What do you mean ? - He entered the US with no visa or papers . We can 't find anything on him . Address , financials , nothing . - Does he have an alias ? - Several . None checked out either . In all likelihood , this guy 's already out of the country . Damn it . They think they can just get away with it . I wish I could tell you otherwise . Keep looking for him . We 've pretty much exhausted our avenues . - What 's it gonna take ? - At this point ? Other than a sign from God ? I 've seen stranger things , believe me . I believe she has . I trust we 're alone . We 're all alone in New York City , sir . You 're looking for Alex Krycek , to kill him , in revenge . What makes you think we haven 't done that already ? What for ? Tell me what you know and I 'll consider giving you Krycek . Answer a few questions for me first . Like what was pulled up from the Pacific Ocean ? It was a UFO . A so-called Foo Fighter , downed by American fighter pilots in the Second World War . - Left there until now ? - There were salvage attempts . A US sub was sent in 50 years ago , but there were complications . - Almost the entire crew died . - Yes . - lt 's still a mystery . - A mystery to whom ? The cover story said it was the third A-bomb bound for Japan . But the truth is , no one knows what killed that crew . I know . - Do you now ? - You give me Krycek and I 'll tell you . Mr Mulder , I 've given you so much this evening . You 've offered me next to nothing . You haven 't told me anything I didn 't already know . I 'm curious . If you 've encountered Krycek , why didn 't you kill him then ? Cos he has the tape . Ah , yes . The tape . The tape he 's been selling those secrets off . You don 't know where he is either , do you ? You 're looking for him , too . Mr Mulder , anyone can be gotten to . Certainly you 've no doubt of that . Mr Mulder . - Scully . - Scully , it 's me . The guards outside Skinner 's room , are they still there ? - They should be . Why ? - Get down there and double-check . - l got it covered , Mulder . - Just get down there and check , OK ? Nurse , what happened to the guards who were here ? - They 've left . - Where did they go ? - What happened to the man who was here ? - He 's no longer our patient . - Where is he ? - The orderlies came and took him away . - Where did they take him ? - To another hospital . They must 've just left . Thank you . I 'm with the fbi . Are you transporting a Walter Skinner ? - Yeah. ls there something wrong ? - No. I 'll ride with you the rest of the way . Agent Scully , what are you doing here ? I just wanted to make sure you got where you were going safely . What is it , Scully ? Just lie still . Federal agent ! Stop right there ! Are you Luis Cardinal ? - Are you Luis Cardinal ? - Please . - Did you shoot my sister ? - Please , don 't kill me . - You shot my sister ! - l can tell you . - Tell me ! Tell me ! - l can tell you what you want . You want Krycek. I can tell you where he is . Please . Please don 't shoot me . Drop the gun ! Put the gun down ! Put it down now ! fbi . Don 't move ! Get in ! - Yeah . Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . Where are you ? - At the airport in New York . - What are you doing ? Looking for my rental-car agreement . - What are you doing in New York ? - l 'll tell you when I see you . Your instincts were right about Skinner . We just arrested a man for what looks like attempted murder . - Who ? - lt 's him . The man who shot my sister . - Scully ... - Mulder , he says he knows where Krycek is . I don 't know if this makes sense to you , but he says he 's headed towards an abandoned missile site in North Dakota . Meet me at the DC airport in an hour . Get two tickets on the first flight to North Dakota . What 's in North Dakota ? The salvaged UFO . There must be 200 silos out here . They were all filled with concrete in accord with the disarmament treaty when the base was decommissioned . I didn 't sign any disarmament treaty . - My ears are still popping . - We 're eight stories down . Where 's the concrete ? Apparently , nobody else signed that treaty either . One down , 199 silos to go . These tunnels must go on for miles . He 's here . Hold it right there ! Halt ! Hands in the air ! Come on , come on . - He 's here . You led him here , didn 't you ? - Nothing here but holes in the ground . - Why are you here ? - l don 't owe you any answers . The UFO 's here . That 's what Krycek 's after . Krycek ? Alex Krycek disappeared five months ago . We saw bodies in there . Men with radiation burns ! - You saw nothing . - You won 't get away with this ! You can 't bury the truth ! Take these away . Yeah . - Agent Mulder . - Sir . I didn 't expect you back to work yet . I was looking for Agent Scully . There 's something I wanted to talk to her about . Actually , I wanted to talk to you , to thank you for everything you did . You mean getting shot in the gut ? You got shot because you stood up to these people . You 're proceeding from a mistaken impression. I just did my job . From what I understand , you put yourjob and your life on the line for Scully . This isn 't my crusade , Agent Mulder . I mistakenly thought we could bring a woman 's murderer to justice . What to do you mean , " mistakenly " ? That 's what I need to talk to Scully about . I was just thinking about something that a man said to me . That the ... That the dead speak to us from beyond the grave . That that 's what conscience is . That 's interesting . I never thought of it that way . You know , I thought ... when we found him , this man that killed Melissa , that ... that when we brought him to justice , I would feel some kind of closure . But the truth is , no court , no punishment is ever enough . I came here to tell you something , Scully . There may be some justice . Just not the kind you want . What are you talking about ? They found this man , Luis Cardinal , dead in his cell . - How ? - They made it look like a suicide . The men he worked for couldn 't take the chance that he 'd point his finger at them . - What about Krycek ? - Oh , he was there. I know that . - You think they got to him , too ? - l don 't know . But if they haven 't , they will . I doubt it 'll weigh on their consciences , though . I think the dead are speaking to us , Mulder . Demanding justice . Maybe that man was right . Maybe we bury the dead alive . Help me ! Help me ! Help me ! Visiontext Subtitles : Julie Clayton I made this ! US english
