 Your Highness . Good night , Your Majesty . Good night , son . Father . Shh ! Your Majesty . Hut ! Mother . # Come live with me and be my love # And we will all the pleasures prove # That hills and valleys , dales and fields # And all the craggy mountains yield # Come live with me # And be my love # There will I make you a # Bed of roses # With a thousand # Fragrant posies # If these pleasures may you move # Live with me and be my love # Come live with me # And be my love # The shepherds ' swains shall dance and sing # Then live with me and be my love # Come live with me # And be my love # Come live with me and be my love # And we will all the pleasures prove # A belt of straw and ivy buds # With coral clasps and amber studs # Come live with me # And be my love # There will I make you a bed of roses # With a thousand # Fragrant posies # And if these pleasures may you move # Then live with me and be my love # Come live with me # And be my love # If that the world and love were young # And truth in every shepherd 's tongue # These pretty pleasures might me move # To live with you # And be your love # Come live with me # And be my love Now is the winter of our discontent , made glorious summer , by this sun of York . And all the clouds that lowered upon our house , in the deep bosom of the ocean buried . Now all our brows bound with victorious wreaths ! Our bruised arms hung up for monuments , our stern alarums changed to merry meetings , our dreadful marches to delightful measures . Grim-visaged war has smoothed his wrinkled front . And now , instead of mounting barbed steeds to fright the souls of fearful adversaries , he ... Capers nimbly in a lady 's chamber to the lascivious pleasing of a lute . But I , that am not shaped for sportive tricks nor made to court an amorous looking glass . I , that am rudely stamped ... Deformed ... Unfinished ... Sent before my time into this breathing world , scarce half made up , and that so lamely and unfashionable that dogs bark at me as I halt by them . Why , I , in this weak piping time of peace , have no delight to pass away the time , unless to spy my shadow in the sun and descant on mine own deformity . Why , I can smile , and murder while I smile , wet my cheeks with artificial tears and frame my face to all occasions . And therefore , since I cannot prove a lover , I am determined to prove a villain and hate the idle pleasures of these days . Plots have I laid to set my brothers , Clarence and King Edward , in deadly hate , the one against the other . Clarence ! Brother . What means this guard ? His Majesty , tendering my person 's safety , has appointed this conduct to convey me to the Tower . What is the matter , Clarence ? May I know ? Yes , Richard , when I know , but I must protest , as yet , I do not . Why this it is , when men are ruled by women . It 's not the King who sends you to the tower . - Elizabeth is Queen , Clarence , it 's she . - Oh . We 're not safe , brother . We are not safe . I beseech Your Lordships both to pardon me . His Majesty has strictly given me charge that no man shall have private conference , of what degree soever , with your brother . We speak no treason , Brackenbury . We say the King is wise and virtuous and his Queen ... Well-struck in years . I beseech you both to pardon me . We know your charge , Brackenbury , and we 'll obey . We are the Queen 's subjects and must obey . Brother , farewell . I will unto the King . Meanwhile , this deep disgrace in brotherhood touches me deeper than you can imagine . Well , I know it pleases neither of us well . Well , your imprisonment shall not be long . I will deliver you or else lie for you . Meanwhile , have patience . Well , I must perforce . - Farewell . - Mmm . Simple , plain Clarence . I do love you so that I shall shortly send your soul to heaven , if heaven will take the present from my hands . And now , I 'll marry . What though I killed her husband and his father . Oh , cursed be the hand that made these holes . Cursed the heart that had the heart to do it . Cursed the blood that let this blood from hence . If ever he have child , abortive be it . If ever he have wife , let her be made more miserable by the life of him than I am made by my young husband 's death . What black magician conjures up this fiend to stop devoted charitable deeds ? Sweet saint , for charity be not so cursed . Foul devil , for God 's sake , hence and trouble me not , for you have made this happy earth my hell ! If you delight to see your heinous deed , behold the pattern of your butchery . Lady , you know no rules of charity . Villain , you know no law of God nor man . Vouchsafe , divine perfection of a woman , of this supposed crime to give me leave , by circumstance , but to acquit myself . Did you not kill my husband ? I grant you , yes . You grant me , hedgehog ? Then God grant me , too , you may be damned for that wicked deed . Gentle Lady Anne ... Oh , he was gentle , mild , and virtuous . The fitter for the King of heaven who has him . And you unfit for anyplace but hell . Yes , one place else , if you will hear me name it . Some dungeon . Your bedchamber . Let 's leave this keen encounter of our wits . Your beauty , which did haunt me in my sleep , could make me undertake the death of all the world , so I might live one hour in your sweet bosom . If I thought that , I tell you , homicide , I would rend that beauty from my cheeks . These eyes could not endure that beauty 's wreck . As all the world is cheered by the sun , so I by that , it is my day , my life . He who bereft you , Lady , of your husband , did it to help you to a better husband . His better does not breathe upon the earth . He lives who loves you better than he could . - Where is he ? - Here . Why do you spit at me ? Would it were mortal poison , for your sake . Never came poison from so sweet a place . Never hung poison on a fouler toad . Out of my sight ! You do infect my eyes ! Those eyes of yours ... from mine have drawn salted tears . Yet when I heard the story of my father 's death and all the standers-by had wet their cheeks like trees bedashed with rain , in that sad time , my manly eyes did scorn a humble tear , and what that sorrow could not thence exhale , your beauty has . And made them blind with weeping . Teach not your lip such scorn , for it was made for kissing , Lady , and not for such contempt . If your revengeful heart cannot forgive , I humbly beg for death ... upon my knee . Now , do not pause . It was I who killed your husband , but it was your heavenly face which set me on . Take up the blade again , or take up me . I will not be your executioner . Then , bid me kill myself , and I will do it . I have already . That was in your rage . Speak it again . I would I knew your heart , I fear it is false . Then never was man true . Put down the blade . But shall I live in hope ? All men I hope live so . Vouchsafe to wear this ring . To take is not to give . May I , with all expedient duty , see you ? And much it joys me , too , to see you are become so penitent . Bid me farewell . It is more than you deserve , but since you teach me how to flatter you , imagine I have said farewell already . Was ever a woman in this humor wooed ? Was ever a woman in this humor won ? I 'll have her , but I 'll not keep her long . Eh ? I , who killed her husband and his father , to take her in her heart 's extremest hate , with curses in her mouth , tears in her eyes , and then to win her . All the world to nothing ! Ha ! Upon my life she finds , although I cannot , myself to be a marvelous , proper man . I 'll entertain a score or two of tailors ... to study fashions to adorn my body . And then return lamenting to my love . Shine out , fair sun , till I 've bought a glass that I may see my shadow as I pass ! Catesby . Clarence still breathes . Edward still lives and reigns . When they are gone , then shall I count my gains . The King is sickly , weak , and melancholy . Well , have patience , sister . There 's no doubt His Majesty will soon recover his accustomed health . But his physicians fear for him mightily . If he were dead , what would become of me ? The heavens have blessed you with two goodly sons to be your comforters when he 's gone . Oh , but they 're young , and their minority is put into the trust of Richard Gloucester . A man who loves not me , nor you , my brother . Is it confirmed he will be Lord Protector ? Yeah , if the King miscarry . My love , what danger can befall to you so long as Edward is your constant friend and a sovereign whom Richard must obey ? Yes , and shall obey and love you , too . Ratcliffe ? What 's his name ? His name is Tyrell , sir . I partly know the man . Is your name Tyrell ? James Tyrell , and your most obedient servant . Are you indeed ? Prove me , my gracious lord . Oh , I have passed a miserable night . I thought that I had broken from the Tower and was embarked to cross to Burgundy . And in my company , my brother Richard , who from my cabin tempted me to walk upon the hatches . As we paced along , I thought that Richard stumbled and , in falling , struck me overboard ... into the tumbling billows of the main . Oh Lord , I thought what pain it was to drown . What dreadful noise of water in my ears . What sights of ugly death within my eyes . I thought I saw a thousand fearful wrecks , a thousand men that fishes gnawed upon , wedges of gold , great anchors , heaps of pearl , inestimable stones , unvalued jewels , all scattered in the bottom of the sea . Some lay in dead men 's skulls , and in the holes where eyes did once inhabit , there were crept , as it were in scorn of eyes , reflecting gems that wooed the slimy bottom of the deep and mocked the dead bones that lay scattered by . My dream was lengthened after life . Oh , then began the tempest to my soul . With that , I thought a legion of foul fiends environed me and howled in my ears such hideous cries that , with the very noise , I trembling waked , and for a season after , could not believe but that I was in hell . Such terrible impression made my dream . Oi ! Oi ! Off ! Now then , my hardy , stout-resolved mates ... Ah . Are you now going to dispatch this thing ? We are , my lord , but need a warrant to be admitted to where he is . Well thought upon . I have it here about me . Be sudden in the execution , for Clarence is well-spoken and perhaps may move your hearts to pity . We go to use our hands and not our tongues . I like you lads . About your business straight . Your eyes drop millstones , when fools ' eyes fall tears . Clarence has not another day to live , which done , God taking Edward to his mercy and leave the world for me to bustle in . God make Your Majesty joyful as you have been . - Prime Minister . - Good time of day unto Your Majesty . - Lord Stanley . - Your Majesty . Saw you the King today ? But now the Duke of Buckingham and I are come from visiting His Majesty . Did you confer with him ? Ma 'am , we did . He desires to make reconciliation between Richard of Gloucester and your brother here . Ah , would all were well . But that will never be . I fear our happiness is at the height . Who is it that complains unto the King , that I , in truth , am stern and love them not ? Because I cannot flatter and look fair , smile in men 's faces , smooth , deceive , and cog , I must be held a rancorous enemy . Cannot a plain man live and think no harm ? To whom in all this presence speaks , Your Grace ? To you , who have neither honesty nor grace . When have I injured you ? When done you wrong ? Come , come , my brother Gloucester . We know your meaning . The world is grown so bad that wrens make prey where eagles dare not perch . You envy my advancement and my family , God grant we never may have need of you . Meantime , God grants that I have need of you . My brother is imprisoned by your means . Richard ! You do me shameful injury ! What would you , fellow , at the Tower ? How came you hither ? I would speak with Clarence , and I came hither on my legs . I never did incense His Majesty against your brother Clarence , but have been an earnest advocate to plead for him . You may deny that you ... She may , my lord . She may , Lord Rivers , but who knows not so ? She may do more , sir , than denying that . She may help you to many great promotions what may she not . My Lord of Gloucester , I have too long borne your blunt upbraidings and bitter scoffs ! I had rather be a country serving maid than a great queen in this condition to be so baited , scorned , and stormed at . By heaven , I will acquaint His Majesty . Tell him and spare not . Look , what I have said , I will avouch it in the presence of the King . Before you were Queen , yes , or your husband King , I was a packhorse in his great affairs . In all that time , you and your brother here were sympathetic to the enemy . Let me put in your mind , if you forget , what you have been before and what you are . Indeed what I have been and what I am . A bottled spider . My dear brother-in-law , in those busy days when now you try to prove us enemies , we followed then Edward , our lawful king . So should she you if you should be her king . If I should be ? I 'd rather be a peddler . I 'm too childish , foolish for this world . You poisonous , bunch-backed toad ! Have done . Have done . Small joy have I in being this country 's queen . Buckingham , take heed of yonder dog . Look , when he fawns , he bites . Your Majesty , His Majesty has called for you . What did she say , my Lord of Buckingham ? Nothing that I respect , my gracious lord . I cannot blame her , by God 's Holy Mother . A virtuous and a Christian-like conclusion to pray for those who have done wrong to you . What ? Are you afraid ? Not to kill him ... Having a warrant for it , but to be damned for killing him , from which no warrant can defend me . I thought you 'd been resolute . So I am . Let him live . I 'll back to Richard of Gloucester and tell him so . No . Wait a little . Some certain dregs of conscience are yet within me . Remember our reward when the deed 's done . He dies . I forgot the reward . And where 's your conscience now ? In the Duke of Gloucester 's purse . In God 's name . - What are you ? - A man as you are . But not as I am , royal . Nor you , as we are , loyal . Who has sent you to me - and why have you come ? - To ... To ... Murder me . Aye . But how , my friends , have I offended you ? Offended us you have not , but King Edward . I will send you to my brother Richard who shall reward you better for my life than will the King for tidings of my death . You are deceived . Your brother Richard hates you . Oh , you are wrong . He loves me , and he holds me dear . Go you to him . Tell him , and he will weep . Aye , millstones ! As he lessoned us to weep . Oh , do not slander him , for he is kind . Right , as snow in harvest ! Richard ! No ! Mmm-hmm . Right , so now we have done a good day 's work . Now , friends , continue this united league . Rivers and Hastings , take each other 's hands . Hastings , my soul is purged from grudging hate . Your Majesty , I truly swear the like . Elizabeth , you are not exempt in this . Wife , greet Lord Hastings . Let him kiss your hand . There , Hastings . Now , princely Buckingham . Make me happy in this unity . Whenever Buckingham does turn his hate upon Your Majesty , God punish me with hate from those where I expect most love . When I most need to employ a friend and most assured that he is a friend ... Richard ! Deep , hollow , treacherous , and full of guile . Good morrow to my sovereign King . - Now , Richard ... - And Queen . I have done a good day 's work . Made peace of enmity , fair love of hate . It 's death to me to be at enmity . I hate it and desire all good men 's love . First , ma 'am , I do entreat true peace of you , which I shall purchase with my duteous service . Of you , my noble , dear Lord Buckingham ... If ever any grudge were lodged between us . Of you , Lord Hastings . Of you , dear Rivers , who , all without desert , has frowned on me . Indeed , of all . I do not know that Englishman alive with whom my soul is any jot at odds more than the infant that is born tonight . I thank my God for my humility . I wish to God all strifes were settled so . My sovereign lord , I do beseech Your Majesty to take your brother Clarence to your grace . Why , ma 'am , have I offered love for this ? Who knows not that the gentle Duke is dead ? Who knows not he is dead ? Who knows he is ? Is Clarence dead ? The order was reversed ! But he , poor man , by your first order died , and that a winged mercury did bear . Some tardy cripple bore the countermand . Oh , God , I fear thy justice will take hold of me and mine , and mine , and yours for this . Rivers , help me to my bed . Oh , poor Clarence ! This is the fruits of rashness . Marked you not , Hastings , how that the guilty brother of the Queen looked pale when he did hear of Clarence 's death ? God will revenge it . Oh , Clarence . Clarence , my unhappy son . This news is bad indeed . What , is he in his bed ? He is . Oh , he has overused his royal person much . What means this scene of rude impatience ? Edward , my lord , your son , our king is dead . Why grow the branches now the root is withered ? Why wither not the leaves , the sap being gone ? Alas ! I am the mother of these griefs . On me pour all your tears . I am your sorrow 's nurse . Elizabeth , have comfort . We all of us have cause to wail the dimming of our shining star . Though we have spent our harvest of this king , we are to reap the harvest of his son . Sister , think you like a careful mother of the Prince of Wales , your son . Send straight for him . Let him be crowned . In him , your comfort lies . Meseemeth good that , with some little train , the Prince be brought to London to be crowned . Why " with some little train , " My Lord of Buckingham ? Lest by a multitude , dear sir , the new-healed wound of civil war break out . I hope the King made peace with all of us . And the compact is firm and true in me . And so in me . And so , I think , in all . Therefore , I say , with noble Buckingham , it 's fitting that so few should meet the Prince . Hmm . - Prime Minister ? - And so say I. Then be it so . Two mirrors of my husband 's likeness are cracked in pieces by malignant death . And I , for comfort , have but one false glass that grieves me when I see my shame in him . Ma 'am . Mother , I do humbly crave your blessing . God comfort you and put meekness in your breast , love , charity , obedience and true duty ! Amen . And make me die a good old man . That 's the butt-end of a mother 's blessing . I marvel that Her Grace did leave it out . My Lord Protector . My Lord Protector , whoever journeys to the Prince , for God 's sake , let not us two stay at home . And let us part Earl Rivers from the Prince . My other self . I long with all my heart to see the Prince of Wales . I hope he is much grown since last I saw him . They say my uncle Richard grew so fast that he could gnaw a crust at two-hours old . Oh , go to , you parlous boy , you are too shrewd . Elizabeth , be not angry with your son . Pitchers have ears . Lord Stanley . Richmond . What news ? Such news that grieves me to report . What is your news ? Your brother Rivers is murdered . By whom ? Richmond ? Richard and Buckingham . I see the ruin of my family . Welcome , dear nephew . Welcome to your capital . I wanted more uncles here to welcome me . Those uncles who you want were dangerous . Your Highness attended to their sugared words and looked not on the poison of their hearts . God keep you from them and from such false friends . God keep me from false friends ? But they were none . The Prime Minister Lord Hastings comes to greet you . - Hastings . - Uncle Richard ! Catesby , is it not an easy matter to make Lord Hastings of our mind for the installment of this noble Duke in the seat royal of our famous land ? He , for the late King 's sake , so loves the Prince that he will not do anything against him . What think you , then , of Lord Stanley and the Archbishop ? They will do , all in all , as Hastings does . Call them tomorrow early , to determine of the coronation . And as it were far off , sound out Lord Hastings and give us notice of his inclination . Commend me to Hastings . Tell him , Catesby , that Rivers is let blood . - Uncle ! - Oh ! Oof ! What would you have , my little lord ? Because I am little like an ape , I think that you should bear me on your shoulders . - Uncle Richard ? - Hmm ? Stanley . Where shall we stay until our coronation ? If I may counsel you , some day or two for your best health and recreation , Your Highness shall repose you at the Tower . I shall not sleep in quiet at the Tower . Why ? What should you fear ? My uncle Clarence 's angry ghost . Oh . My grandma told me he was murdered there . I fear no uncles dead . Nor none who live , I hope . So wise , so young , they say , do never live long . Well , let them rest . My Lord Protector , what shall we do if we perceive Hastings will not yield to our plans ? Chop off his head . Something we shall determine . And , look , when I am king ... Claim you of me the Earldom of Hereford and all the movables whereof the King , my brother , was possessed . I 'll claim that promise of your royal hand . And look to have it yielded with all kindness . Come , let 's to supper . And then ? My uncle dreamt tonight that the boar had shown his tusks . Therefore he sends to know if you will shun the danger that his soul does fear . Return to Lord Stanley . Tell him his fears are shallow , wanting substance . As for his dreams , I wonder he 's so foolish . Morning , Catesby . Tell your uncle I shall see him at the meeting where he shall see " the boar " will use us kindly . Catesby , what news in this , our tottering state ? It is a reeling world indeed , sir . And , I believe , will never stand upright till Richard wear the garland of the state . How wear the garland ? - Do you mean the crown ? - Yes , my lord . I 'll have this crown of mine cut from my shoulders before I see the crown so foul misplaced . - Hastings . - Where 's your boar-spear , Lord Stanley ? - Hastings ... - Catesby , before a fortnight makes me older , I 'll send some packing that yet think not on it . It is a vile thing to die when men are unprepared and look not for it . - Archbishop , you 're early stirring . - I 'm glad to see you , Prime Minister . What , talking with a priest , Hastings ? Your friend Rivers , he needed a priest . - What is it o 'clock ? - On the stroke of two . Now , gentlemen , the cause why we are met is to determine of the coronation . Oh , speak . When is the royal day ? Are all things ready ? They are . Who knows the Lord Protector 's mind in this ? Your Lordship , we think , should soonest know his mind . We know each other 's faces . For our hearts , he knows no more of mine than I of yours . Or I of his , my lord , than you of mine . Hastings , you and he are near in love . I have not sounded him , but you , my noble lords , may name the time , and on the Duke 's behalf , I 'll give my voice . Good day to you all . Oh , I 've been long a sleeper . Had you not come upon your cue , my lord , William Lord Hastings had pronounced your part . Then , my Lord Hastings , no man might be bolder . He knows me well and loves me well . I pray you all ... Tell me what they deserve who do conspire my death . And have prevailed upon my body with their damned witchcraft . I 'll say , my lord , they have deserved death . Let be your eyes the witness of their evil . See how I am bewitched . Behold . My arm is like a blasted sapling , withered up by Queen Elizabeth , that monstrous witch . If she has done this deed , my noble lord ... If ? You , protector of this damned Elizabeth . Talk you to me of " ifs " ? You are a traitor . Off with his head ! Now , by Saint Paul I swear I will not dine until I see the same ! The rest that love me , rise and follow me ! The Duke would be at dinner and longs to see your head . So dear , I loved the man that I must weep . Would you imagine that the subtle traitor had plotted in the Parliament to murder me ? And the Lord Protector ? Had he done so ? Lord Mayor , the civil peace enforced us to this execution . Now he deserved his death . And do not doubt but that I shall acquaint my duteous city colleagues with all your just proceedings in this cause . Buckingham , go after to the council house . Infer the bastardy of Edward 's children . Moreover , urge Edward 's hateful lechery which stretched unto their servants , daughters , wives . Doubt not , my lord , I 'll play the orator as if the golden fee for which I plead were for myself . Catesby . Give order that no manner of person have any time recourse unto the princes . When scarce the blood was well-washed from his hands which issued from my other , angel husband . Oh , when I say I looked on Richard 's face , this was my wish . " Be you , " I said , " accursed . " And when you wed , let sorrow haunt your bed . " Within so small a time , my woman 's heart grossly grew captive to his honey words , and proved subject to my own soul 's curse . Buckingham , what say the citizens ? Did you infer the bastardy of Edward 's children ? I did . The insatiate greediness of his desire , his tyranny for trifles , his own bastardy . Your discipline in war , wisdom in peace , your bounty , virtue , fair humility . And when my oratory drew to an end , I bade those who did love their country 's good cry , " God save King Richard , England 's royal king ! " - And did they so ? - No . - So God help me , they spoke not a word . - Bah ! What tongue-less blocks are they ! Would they not speak ? The Lord Mayor and his colleagues have arrived . Pretend some fear . Be not easily won by our requests . And look , you , put a prayer book in your hand . Play the maid 's part . Still answer no and take it . - Ratcliffe . - No doubt we 'll bring it to a happy issue . You shall see what I can do . Catesby . He does entreat you , my Lord Buckingham , to visit him tomorrow or next day . He is within , with two right reverend priests . Tell him myself , the Mayor , and these gentlemen have come to have some conference with him . I 'll tell him what you say , my lord . Ah , Lord Mayor . Richard is not King Edward . He is not lulling on a lewd love-bed , but meditating with two deep divines , praying to enrich his watchful soul . Happy were England would this virtuous man take on his Grace the sovereignty thereof . - God defend Richard should say no to us . - I fear he will . - Catesby . - He wonders to what end you have assembled such troops of citizens to speak with him . My lord , he fears you mean no good to him . By heaven , we come to him in perfect love . My Lord Protector ? Pray pardon us the interruption of your devotions . My lord , there needs no such apology . - I do suspect I have done some offense . - You have . Will it please you to amend your fault ? Else wherefore breathe I in a Christian land ? Know then , it is your fault that you refuse the supreme seat , the throne majestical . We heartily solicit you take on the kingly government of this your land , not as Lord Protector , but from blood to blood , your right of birth , your empery , your own . Your love deserves my thanks . But my desert unmeritable , shuns your high request . First if all obstacles were ... cut away , yet , so much is my poverty of spirit , so mighty and so many my defects , that I should rather hide me from my greatness . But God be thanked , there is no need of me . The royal tree has left us royal fruit . You say the Prince of Wales is your brother 's son ? So say we , but born before his wedding day . Then , good my lord , take to your royal self this proffered benefit of dignity . - Good my Lord Protector ... - We entreat you . Refuse not , Gloucester , this proffered love ! Truly , the hearts of men are full of fear . I am unfit for state and majesty . Then we will plant some other on the throne . I do beseech you take it not amiss . I cannot , nor I will not , yield to you . Your brother 's son will never reign our king . Gentlemen , come ! I will entreat no more . God 's wounds ! Oh , do not swear , my Lord of Buckingham ! Call him again , my lord . Accept the crown . Will you enforce me to a world of cares ? Call him again . My lord . My Lord Buckingham ! I 'm not made of stone . Gentlemen , since you will buckle fortune on my back , I must have patience ... To endure the load . But God doth know , and you may partly see , how far I am from the desire of this . If you will outstrip death , go across the seas and live , dear Richmond , from the reach of hell . Go , my dear nephew , from this slaughterhouse . Long live King Richard ! Richard ! Richard ! Richard ! Brackenbury , how are my sons , the princes ? Right well , Your Majesty . By your patience , I may not permit you to visit them . - The King has strictly charged the contrary . - The King ! - I mean , the Lord Protector . - The Lord protect him from that kingly title . I am their mother . Who should keep me from them ? I am bound by oath . And therefore , pardon me . Go you to Richard , and good angels guard you . Stay yet . Look back with me unto the Tower . Pity , you ancient stones , those tender princes whom envy has immured within your walls . Rough cradle for such little pretty ones . Rude , ragged nurse , use my babies well . Now , Buckingham ! Thus high , by your advice and your assistance , is King Richard seated . But shall we wear these glories for a day , or shall they last and we rejoice in them ? Still live they , and forever let them last . The princes live . - Think now what I would speak . - Say on , Your Majesty . - Why , Buckingham , I say I would be king . - Why so you are ! The princes live . Buckingham , you never used to be so dull . Shall I be plain ? I wish the bastards dead , and I would have it suddenly performed . What say you now ? Speak suddenly , be brief . Your Majesty may do your pleasure . Tut , tut , you are all ice . Your kindness freezes . Say , have I your consent that they shall die ? Give me some little breath , some pause , Your Majesty , before I positively speak in this . High reaching , Buckingham grows circumspect . Has he held out so long with me untired and stops he now for breath ? Well ... Be it so . Lord Stanley ! Your Majesty . What 's the news ? The Archbishop , as I hear , has joined with Richmond in France , Your Majesty . Richmond aims to marry young Elizabeth , my brother Edward 's daughter , and by that knot , he hopes to gain my crown . Richmond is your nephew . Well ... Look to it . - Your Majesty . - Catesby ! Rumor it abroad that Anne , my wife , is very grievous sick . Look how you dream ! I say again , give out that Anne , my queen , is sick and like to die . Tyrell . I must be married now to young Elizabeth , or else my kingdom stands on brittle glass . Murder her brothers and then marry her . Tyrell . Dare you resolve to kill a friend of mine ? Sir , please you , I 'd rather kill two enemies . There you have it . Two deep enemies . Tyrell ... I mean those bastards in the Tower . Say it is done , and I will love you for it . It ... is ... done . Your Majesty . Your Majesty , I claim the earldom of Hereford , which you promised I should possess . Well , let that rest . - The Archbishop has fled to Richmond . - I hear the news . What says Your Majesty to my just request ? As I remember , it was prophesied that Richmond should be king . A king . Perhaps . Perhaps . - Your promise for the earldom . - Riche monde . - Your Majesty , I ... - Yes . What 's o 'clock ? I am thus bold to put Your Majesty in mind of what you promised me . Well , but what 's o 'clock ? - Upon the stroke of ten . - Then let it strike . Why let it strike ? Because that , like a jack , you keep the stroke between your begging and my meditation . I am not in the giving vein today . Why then , resolve me whether you will or no . You trouble me ! I am not in the vein ! Never yet one hour in his bed have I enjoyed the golden dew of sleep , but have been woken by his timorous dreams . Besides , he hates me and will , no doubt , shortly be rid of me . Let me think of Hastings and be gone . Kind Tyrell . Am I happy in your news ? It is done , Your Majesty . But did you see them dead ... And buried ? I did , Your Majesty . Gentle Tyrell , come to me , Tyrell , soon , at after supper ... When you shall tell the story of their death . Meanwhile , but think how I may do you good and be inheritor of your desire . The sons of Edward sleep in Abraham 's bosom . And Anne ... My wife shall bid this world good night . Uncertain way of gain , but I am in so far in blood that sin will pluck on sin . Tear-falling pity dwells not in this eye . - Your Majesty ! - Ratcliffe . Upon the southern coast , there rides a powerful navy . It 's thought that Richmond is its admiral . Buckingham has fled to welcome him ashore . We must be brief when traitors brave the field . Are you my son ? Yes , I thank God , my father , and yourself . You toad ! Where are the princes ? And your wife ? Mother , I have a touch of your condition that cannot brook the accent of reproof . - Oh , let me speak ! - Be brief , dear Mother , for I am in haste . - A grievous burden was your birth to me . - And came I not , at last , to comfort you ? You came on earth to make the earth my hell . Tetchy and wayward was your infancy , your schooldays frightful , desperate , wild and furious . Your prime of manhood daring , bold and adventurous . Your age confirmed , proud , subtle , sly and bloody . What comfortable hour can you name that ever graced me with your company ? If I be so disgracious ... Oh , hear me a little , for I shall never speak to you again . So ? To war take with you my most grievous curse . My prayers shall on Richmond 's party fight . Bloody you are , bloody will be your end . Shame serves your life and will your death attend . I leave for France . Be not tongue-tied . You are a dream of what you were , a breath , a queen in jest . Where is your husband now ? Where is your brother ? Where are your two sons ? Wherein joy ? Who sues and kneels and says , " God save the Queen " ? Where are the bended peers that flatter you ? Where be the thronging troops that followed you ? Teach me how to curse my enemy ! Forbear to sleep the nights and fast the days . Think that your babes were sweeter than they were , and he that slew them , fouler than he is ! Tell me , you villain slave , where are my children ? Where is my brother Rivers and your brother Clarence ? Where is Lord Hastings ? Elizabeth ! I must talk a word with you . I 've no more sons of the royal blood for you to slaughter . You have a daughter ... Called Elizabeth . Must she die for this ? Oh , let her live . - Her life is safest only in her birth . - And only in that safety died her brothers . You speak as if that I had slain the princes . No doubt the murderous knife was dull and blunt till it was sharpened on your stone-hard heart to revel in the entrails of my lambs . Ma 'am , I intend more good to you and yours than ever you or yours by me were harmed . Tell me what state , what dignity , what honor can you bestow on any child of mine ? Even all I have ... Yes , and myself and all will I withal endow a child of yours . Be brief , lest that the process of your kindness last longer telling than your kindness date . Know then , that with my soul I love your daughter and do intend to make her Queen of England . You ! What ! You ? - What think you of it ? - How can you woo her ? Now that would I learn of you . - And will you learn of me ? - Madam , with all my heart . Send to her , by the man who slew her brothers , a pair of bleeding hearts , then will she weep . If this inducement move her not , send her a letter of your noble deeds . Tell her you made away her uncle Clarence , her uncle Rivers . Yes , and for her sake , made quick conveyance with her good aunt Anne . You mock me , madam . This is not the way to win your daughter . There is no other way , unless you could put on some other shape and not be Richard who 's done all this . Say , that I did all this for love of her . Well , then , she cannot choose but hate you . What is done cannot be now amended . Men shall deal unadvisedly sometimes . If I did take the kingdom from your sons , to make amends , I 'll give it to your daughter . Again you shall be mother of a king . What ! We have many goodly days to see . The liquid drops of tears that you have shed shall come again , transformed to orient pearl . Go then , my mother . To your daughter , go . Make bold her bashful years with your experience . Acquaint the Princess with the sweet , silent hours of marriage joys . And when these troops of mine have chastised the petty rebel Richmond and dull-brained Buckingham , bound with triumphant garlands will I come and lead your daughter to a conqueror 's bed . What were I best to say ? Say , she shall be a high and mighty queen . To wail the title as her mother does ? Say , I will love her everlastingly . But how long fairly shall her sweet life last ? As long as heaven and nature lengthens it . As long as hell and Richard like of it ! Your reasons are too shallow and too quick . Oh , no ! My reasons are too deep and dead . Too deep and dead , my infants , in their graves . Harp not on that string , madam . That is past . Harp on it still shall I till heart strings break ! I know that Richmond aims to wed Elizabeth . In her consists my happiness , and yours . Without her , follows to myself and you , herself , the land , and many a Christian soul , death , desolation , ruin and decay . It cannot be avoided but by this . Be the attorney of my love to her . Plead what I will be ... Not what I 've been . Shall I be tempted by the devil thus ? Yes , if the devil tempt you to do good . But you did kill my children . But in your daughter 's womb , I bury them , where , in that nest of spicery , they will breed . Shall I go win my daughter to your will ? And be a happy mother by the deed . Write to me very shortly , and you shall understand from me her mind . Bear her my true love 's kiss . Farewell . Relenting fool ... That shallow , changing woman . Lord Stanley ! What 's the news with you ? None good , Your Majesty , nor none so bad . Hoyday , a riddle . Neither good nor bad . - Once more , what news ? - Richmond is on the sea . Then be the seas on him . What does he there ? - Your Majesty , I know not but by guess . - Well , as you guess ? Stirred up by Buckingham , he makes for England , - here to claim the crown . - Is the throne empty ? Is the King dead ? You will revolt and fly to him , I fear . I never was , nor never will be false . Go , then , and muster men . But leave behind with us your son young George . Stanley , look your heart be firm , or else his head 's assurance is but frail . You Majesty . - The Duke of Buckingham ... - Till you bring better news ! The Duke of Buckingham is taken prisoner . I cry you mercy . Richmond is landed with a mighty power from France . Let 's go to meet him . While we reason here , a royal battle might be won and lost . Tyrell ! Give order Buckingham be brought ! Welcome . Brackenbury . Richmond ! Fortune and victory be with you , nephew . The Queen has heartily consented that I marry Princess Elizabeth . England rejoice ! - Good , Lord Stanley . Brackenbury . - Archbishop . Prepare your advance early in the morning . On your side , I may not be too forward . Your cousin George is held in custody . Wretched , bloody , and usurping swine . I do not doubt but his friends will turn to you . He has no friends . Will not King Richard let me speak with him ? - No , my good lord . - Made I him king for this ? Tyrell , why look you so sad ? My heart is ten times lighter than my looks , my lord . - What is it o 'clock ? - It 's supper time , Your Majesty . I 'll not sup tonight . Let 's consult upon tomorrow 's business . - What is the number of the traitors ? - Six or seven thousand , Your Majesty . Our battalion trebles that account . Besides , the King 's name ... Is a tower of strength . Catesby ! - Your Majesty . - Send for Lord Stanley . Bid him bring his force before sun-rising , lest his son George fall into the blind cave of eternal night . Leave me . I will . Stir with the lark tomorrow , - gentle Tyrell . - Your Majesty . Leave me , I say . Oh Lord , let Richmond and Elizabeth by your fair ordinance be joined together . And let their heirs , God , if thy will be so ... Enrich the time to come with smooth-faced peace . Oh thou , whose captain I account myself , look on my forces with a gracious eye , put in their hands thy bruising arms of wrath that we may praise thee in thy victory . Sleeping and waking . Defend me still . Are you my son ? You toad ! Richard ! - You do me shameful ... - Bloody will be your end ! You do infect my eyes ! My Lord of Gloucester , I have too long borne your blunt upbraidings ! Because that I am little like an ape , I think that you should bear me on your shoulders . Where are my children ? I did but dream . Oh , coward conscience . What do I fear ? There 's none else by . Richard loves Richard . That is , I am I. Is there a murderer here ? No . Yes ... I am . I love myself . But why ? For any good that I myself have done unto myself ? Oh , no . Alack , I rather hate myself ... For hateful deeds committed by myself . I 'm a villain . But I lie . I am not . Fool , of thyself speak well . Fool , do not flatter . My conscience has a thousand , several tongues thronged to the bar , crying all , " Guilty ! Guilty ! " I shall despair . There is no creature loves me , and if I die , no soul will pity me . - Your Majesty . - Ratcliffe . - Will all our friends prove true ? - No doubt , Your Majesty . Ratcliffe , I fear ... I fear ... Oh , no , Your Majesty . Be not afraid of shadows . How have you slept , my lord ? The sweetest sleep , the fairest-boding dreams that ever entered in a drowsy head . Conscience is but a word that cowards use . Remember whom you are to cope with . All a sort of vagabonds , rascals and runaways . And who does lead them but a paltry fellow , a milksop . If we be conquered , let men conquer us . Let 's whip these stragglers over the seas again . Shall these enjoy our lands ? Lie with our wives ? Ravish our daughters ? What says Lord Stanley ? Will he bring his force ? My lord , he has refused to come to you . Then off with his son George 's head . Stanley ... Your Majesty ! Your Majesty ! Richard ! Richard ! A horse ! A horse ! My kingdom for a horse ! James Tyrell , rescue ... Escape , Your Majesty ! Escape ! I 'll help you to a horse ! Escape ? Slave ! Stop ! Stop ! Richard ! Richard ! No ! No ! Let 's do it pell-mell . If not to heaven , then hand in hand to hell . # I 'm sitting on top of the world # I 'm rolling along # Yes , rolling along # And I 'm quitting the blues of the world # I 'm singing a song # Yes , singing a song # Glory hallelujah # I just told the parson # Hey , Par , get ready to call # Just like Humpty Dumpty # I 'm going to fall # And I 'm sitting on top of the world # I 'm rolling along # Rolling along # Don 't want any millions # I 'm getting my share # I 've only got one suit , just one # That 's all I can wear # A bundle of money # Don 't make me feel gay # A sweet little honey # Is making me sad # And I 'm sitting # Sitting on top , top of the world # I 'm rolling along # Rolling along # And I 'm quitting # Quitting the blues , blues of the world # I 'm singing a song # Just singing a song # Glory hallelujah # I just told the parson # Hey , Par , get ready to call # Just like Humpty Dumpty # I 'm going to fall , yeah # I 'm sitting on top of the world # I 'm rolling along # Yes , rolling along # And I 'm quitting # The blues of the world # I 'm singing a song # Yes , singing a song # Glory hallelujah # I just told the parson # Hey , Par , get ready to call # Just like Humpty Dumpty # I 'm going to fall # And I 'm sitting on top of the world # I 'm rolling along # Rolling along # Don 't want any millions # I 'm getting my share # I 've only got one suit , just one # That 's all I can wear # A bundle of money # Don 't make me feel gay # My sweet little honey # Is making me sad # And I 'm sitting # Sitting on top , top of the world # I 'm rolling along # Rolling along # And I 'm quitting # Quitting the blues , blues of the world # I 'm singing a song # Just singing a song # Glory hallelujah # I just told the parson # Hey , Par , get ready to call # Just like Humpty Dumpty # I 'm going to fall # Yeah , I 'm sitting # On top , top of the world # I 'm rolling along , rolling along Subtitle : sync , fix : titler
