 [ Man ] We interrupt this program for a breaking news bulletin . [ Male Reporter ] Ninety miles and counting . That 's how far officers of the Nevada Highway Patrol ... have pursued the blue car on your screen ... in a wild chase right through the heart of Elko ... at speeds approaching 1 00 miles an hour . Live on the scene in Carlin is Chuck Pickering in the Fox 1 1 News chopper . Chuck , what can you tell us ? [ Pickering Over Radio ] Benjamin , we 're heading west following Route 766 , where it feeds off the I-80 . Now , just under an hour ago , troopers attempted to pull over the blue car , which we understand is stolen . That occurred on the 80 east of Wells . Now , since then , this driver has stopped for nothing and nobody . [ Buckley ] Any word yet on who the driver is ? Not at this time . What we do think , though , and what we 've passed on to the highway patrol , is that from our vantage point , we see another person in that car . See ? Right there . A hand . It-It just moved . See in the back seat ? Now , we could possibly have a hostage situation here . And obviously , the sooner they bring this vehicle to a stop- - - [ Sobbing ] - [ Sirens Wailing ] [ High-Pitched Frequency ] [ Groaning ] Unit 6 , ready at milepost 1 3 . [ Man ] Coming your way , 6 . [ Tires Screeching ] [ Pickering ] Well , that did the trick . The , uh , automobile seems to be coming to a stop . [ Buckley ] Chuck , what did they just use there ? It looked to be a special tire-puncturing chain . And now , the officers are approaching the car . One of them has opened the door , and he has hold of the suspect . He 's pulling him out . He-He doesn 't seem to have a weapon . [ Buckley ] Well , he may not be armed , but from our vantage point , it looks like he doesn 't wanna get out of that car . Vicky ! Vicky ! - Vicky ! - Please get it out of my head . Please . Let me go ! Let me go ! Vicky ! Vicky ! No ! [ Buckley ] The hostage appears to be okay . The highway patrol has her now , but Chuck , it looks like that driver is still fighting . [ Pickering ] Yes , he 's definitely putting up a bit of a fight . He seems to be a man with a few choice words on the subject , as you can see . They 're trying to restrain him . I tell you what . We 're gonna move back and try to get a wider angle . See , there 's the woman . What the heck ? She 's- - Vicky ! - Vicky ! - [ Groaning ] There , see ? She 's banging her head against the window . - What the hell just happened ? - [ Man ] Hey ! Cut ! - Yeah ? - [ Scully ] Uh , Virgil Nokes ? I 'm Agent Scully . This is Agent Mulder . We 're with the F.B.I. - Jehovah 's Witness ? - No , sir . Federal Bureau of Investigation . But we do have a free copy of The Watchtower for you , if you 'd like . Uh , sir , this is just a routine check , but , uh , we understand that you recently placed an order for 5,000 pounds ... of ammonium nitrate fertilizer . Oh , you people . Come on in . - Sugar beets . - Excuse me ? I grow sugar beets . I figure I got better things to do with my fertilizer ... than go around blowin' government buildings sky high . No , well , as we said , sir , this is just routine . So routine it numbs the mind . I 've got my AG card and my papers around here somewhere . - [ Man On TV ] ... strange death on a Nevada highway . - Help me look for ' em , will ya ? As we reported earlier , a wild police pursuit ended in tragedy this morning ... with the death of a 36-year-old female hostage . This was the scene west of Elko , Nevada one hour ago , - as the hostage died mysteriously while in custody . - Scully , take a look at this . We once again want to warn our viewers , this footage is extremely graphic . [ Pickering ] Now , the hostage is still inside the car . It appears as though she 's banging her head against the window . [ Reporter ] At this time , highway patrol officials ... are refusing to identify the woman or to speculate on how she died , though they do stress it was not the result of a gunshot . A preliminary coroner 's report isn 't expected for a day or more . Meanwhile , residents of northern Nevada- - Thank you , Captain . That 's no problem . We 'd be happy to help . - Mm-hmm . See you soon . - We 'll be happy to help what ? Mulder , we 're not going to Nevada . - Come on , Scully . Just one quick side trip . - No . Sorry , Mulder . We have a whole new assignment . Running down people that buy fertilizer ? This is scut work . Bozo work . This is the F.B.I. equivalent of being made ... to wear an orange jumpsuit and pick up trash by the side of the highway . They mean to humiliate us . Look , Mulder , like it or not , humiliated or not , we 're on domestic terrorism now . And yes , this is- - this is a punishment . But if we wanna get back to where we wanna be , we have to follow orders . - We can 't freelance . - You saw that news report . What did you make of that ? I think that the obvious assumption is that the woman was shot , regardless of what the police say . - Maybe it was a sniper . - In the words of their captain , " " She just sort of popped . " " And what about this guy who supposedly tried to take her hostage ? Her husband ? Looked to me like he was trying to warn the cops before she died . Now , the sun will rise in America tomorrow , regardless of whether or not we 're at yet another farm ... investigating yet another enormous pile of doo-doo . We can be in and out in a day . Nobody has to know . [ High-Pitched Frequency ] [ Gasping ] S-S-Somebody ! Please ! It 's starting ! Please ! - Why can 't we see him ? - Well , hopefully later . He pitched quite a fit in his cell- - screamin ' a bunch of nonsense that we were gonna kill him the way we killed his wife . You know , he 's not a particularly stable individual . - Captain , he may need medical attention . - He 's getting it . Our doctor 's with him now . I mean , after whatever happened to his wife- - which I 'd like to stress was not our fault- - we 're not gonna take any chances , you know ? Patrick Garland Crump of Montello , Nevada . [ Mulder ] 40-year-old roofer . No history of mental illness . - No prior record . - He 's got one now . That Barracuda he jacked on the Utah state line ? He yanked some teenager out of the window , threw his wife in back and took off . Excuse me . What do you think ? I 'm thinking while we 're here , I might take a look at Mr. Crump 's wife . I 'm gonna stay here and see if I can see Crump . Captain , where 's Montello ? Little town right here . So that 's where it started- - that 's Crump 's home . Then he headed east in this direction on the 5 ... about ten miles to the Utah border , where he stole the car . - You got it . - But you caught up with him in Wells . Where 's that ? That 's here . So that means that he started off in this direction . Then all of a sudden , he turned around and he headed west to Wells . Why ? The former VickyJenkins Crump . I 'm hoping you can tell me what I 'm looking at , 'cause this is a new one on me . There 's no gunpowder residue . No carbon stippling . There seems to be no evidence of an entry wound whatsoever . There is none . It 's all exit . But how that could be- - I 'm finding what look like fragments of petrous bone ... embedded in the remaining portion of the auditory canal . In fact , I seem to be looking straight through ... to the osseous labyrinth , or what 's left of it . It 's almost like a little bomb went off in her ear . - May I ? - Please . There seems to be some kind of tumefaction within the lateral sinus . [ Gasps ] Look out . Can you give us a little room here ? No , he just went rammy on me . AccuChek is normal . We did a Narcan push , but he keeps gettin ' worse . I.V. beta blocker and topical nitro . I don 't know if you 're gonna get to talk to this fellow after all . Five 's a crowd , buddy . [ Siren Wailing ] [ Monitor Beeping Rapidly ] - [ Beeping Slows ] - Whoa . Something must 've worked . - Heart rate 's dropping . - B.P. ' s headed south . - I don 't understand . What 'd you just do ? - Hell if I know . But I 'll take it . [ Tires Screeching ] [ Sighs ] Oh , God . [ Line Ringing ] Come on , Mulder . Hey , you , out ! This lab is quarantined ! Go ! - Mulder ? - [ Mulder ] Yeah ? Mulder , it 's me . You know how to pick ' em , I 'll tell you that . Look , I have no idea what killed this woman , - but I have to assume it 's communicable . - Yeah ? Another body has been found just outside of Montello . Same apparent cause of death . Some kind of massive aneurysm or rupture . - Uh-huh . - And Mulder , I 've called the C.D.C. They 're on their way , but Patrick Crump may be infected . So you need to quarantine his cell and make sure ... that anybody who 's had any close contact with him whatsoever ... has been quarantined as well , and that means you , Mulder . You 're to have no contact with him whatsoever . [ Sighs ] Mulder ? - Well , that 's gonna be a little tough , Scully . - [ Sirens Wailing ] Drive . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Where are they ? - Route 7 89 , heading west . We 're keeping ' em in visual , plus we 're in phone contact , not to mention the strings we 've pulled with stations ... - to keep this thing off local TV . - Where are they going ? Crump won 't say . Wherever it is , though , he ain 't gettin ' there . - We 'll see to that . We 'll shut him down east of Tuscarora . - Roadblock ? Nice , clean , remote space we can own . All right . I want the C.D.C. on site . I want the officers making the arrest to be wearing ... level two or better anti-contamination suits . I want the car decontaminated . I want Agent Mulder and Crump decontaminated , - and I want them quarantined separately . - You got it . [ Inaudible ] Crump says that if we don 't pull back our escort , he 's gonna shoot your partner . Just leave me the hell alone ! Now ! How about if , uh , we just pull over and let me out too , huh ? I must be cramping your style . Just shut up . It 's you people . It figures . - What figures ? - Shut up . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] Hey ! No ! No ! That is ... so stupid , Crump . - That is so stupid . - Shut up ! You shut up and drive . You understand ? - What are you doing ? - What ? What am I doing ? - What the hell are you doing ? - I 'm composing a sonnet . What does it look like I 'm doing ? I 'm slowing down for a light . Go ! Go ! [ Horns Honking ] Crump ? Is this what happened to your wife ? This same thing ? If you stop moving , you die ? I think I saw this movie . Why didn 't you tell anybody ? Why didn 't you tell the police ? Oh , geez . Look , I don 't know how well you recall the last 30 seconds , but your life is in my hands regardless of whether or not you hold that gun . - It 's right here , boy . - Just tell me everything you know . - That may be the only way I can help you . - You people put me here ! Shut up ! I 'm guessing we got two or three miles before the roadblock . What roadblock ? I got rid of the cops . Check your window . Man , if we get stopped- - [ Woman Over Police Radio ] Please be advised pursuit now headed west on 80 . Fourteen , come in . Fourteen , be advised vehicle 's heading your way . [ Man Over Radio ] Subject 's turning off 789 ... about a mile east of your position and is heading north on a fire road . - Looks like he 's gonna miss you . - Say what ? What 's the report , Captain ? They lost ' em . They were last seen on a forestry service road . Trees were too thick . Our helicopter lost sight of 'em . - Well , how did Crump know to avoid the roadblock ? - That 's the question . I was hoping your Agent Mulder would manage to steer him toward it , but- - Well , maybe Agent Mulder steered him away from it . Why would he do that ? Maybe he knew something that we don 't . [ Man ] Agent Scully , I 've got the cell cultures from the second victim . Anything ? So far , I 'm seeing no evidence of infection in either victim . So then , we 're in the clear ? No . No , not necessarily . - I mean , something killed these people . - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] I 'm sorry . Excuse me . Scully . [ Woman ] Agent Scully , please hold for Assistant Director Kersh . - [ Kersh ] Agent Scully . - Yes , sir . How 's southern Idaho ? Agent Scully ? Southern Idaho ? Think carefully . Sir , I am not currently in the state of Idaho . - No , you 're not . - In the course of prosecuting our assignment in Idaho , Agent Mulder and I came across a situation in Nevada ... which we both strongly felt needed our immediate attention . I eagerly await your report . In the meantime , agents of our Las Vegas field office ... will be available to assist you in tracking down Agent Mulder . - Thank you , sir . - Oh , Agent Scully . I think at this point I want to see him alive even more than you do . [ Line Clicks ] Can I see that for a minute ? This man worked at Silver State Power reading meters . - Yes . - What if he read the meter at Vicky Crump 's place ? Crump ? Crump , what else can you tell me about what 's happening to you ? Mr. Crump . You call me by my last name , you say " " Mister " " in front of it . Mister . Got you . Not Crump . Mr. Crump . I can think of something else I 'd like to call you . I could put " " Mister " " in front of that too , if you 'd like . You know , what kind of name is Mulder anyway ? What is it , like- - likeJewish ? - Excuse me ? - Jewish . It is , right ? It 's Mr. Mulder to you , you peanut-pickin ' bastard . Now , Mr. Crump , what can you tell me about what 's happening- - - [ Yells ] - What ? - You 're goin ' ... the wrong way . - What do you mean , this is the wrong way ? - Go this way ! Go this- - Go this way ! - I can 't- - I can 't go left . There 's only trees there . - [ Yelling ] - Crump ! [ Yelling Continues ] [ Horn Honking ] [ Yelling ] Crump ? It 's west , huh ? West . You gotta head west . It 's just like you did with your wife . You took her and you headed west . It 's not just motion . It has to be in one direction . Is that right ? What the hell happened to you ? Okay , I want a thorough search ... - with an eye to the usual disease factors . - [ Man ] You got it . [ Screaming ] [ Dog Barking ] I think we 're witnessing the same pathology here . [ Barking , Yelping ] - We need to get a blood sample . - Yeah . Let 's go . - Hold him down ! - [ Dog Yelps ] Try to hold him still . Let me sedate him . [ Yelps ] [ Mulder ] One more time . You woke up this morning . Then what ? We have been through this . You woke up this morning , but you didn 't go to work . Why ? It was raining . You don 't shingle in the rain . I was up at 6 : 00 reading the paper . What was your wife doing ? Cooking , man . Breakfast . She was just putting breakfast on the table when the- - - You looked up . - I looked up , and I saw that she had this nosebleed she didn 't even know she had . - What caused it ? - What do I--Am I like Quincy ? How the hell should I know what caused it ? It just happened . Ten , fifteen minutes later , she just ... starts getting sick . Said she got a headache that just ... keeps gettin ' worse and worse . She starts ... screamin ' . I didn 't know what the hell to do . I just , uh- - I got her in the truck and- - taken her to the hospital . But then it seemed like the faster we went , the better she 'd do . But just as soon as I try to slow down or stop- - I 'm sorry about your wife . Sure you are , you and the rest of yourJew F.B.I. - Crump- - - Oh , yeah . You think I don 't know , huh ? You think I 'm just some ignorant pud-knocker , don 't you ? But I get it , man ! I see what this is . I am not sick , and I do not have the flu . Vicky and me were just some kind of ... government guinea pigs . - You think the government did this to you ? - Oh , hell , yeah . Who else ? You see it all the time on the TV . They 're dropping Agent Orange , they 're puttin ' radiation in little retarded kids gonads . Oh , yeah . You sons of bitches sneakin 'around my woods at night . I seen you . You think I don 't know ? Well , on behalf of the InternationalJewish Conspiracy , I just need to inform you that we 're ... almost out of gas . The trailer looks clean . No readily apparent vectors . Dogs , housewives . Whatever this thing is , it doesn 't discriminate . There are zoonotic pathogens which spread among species . Look at that . The Crumps have a neighbor . [ Knocking ] Hello ? Hello ? Doctor ? Hello ? Hello ? [ Man On TV , Indistinct ] [ Screaming ] Oh , no , it- - It 's okay , ma 'am . It 's okay . - Who are you ? - It 's all right . I 'm sorry . [ Mumbling Incoherently ] - [ Mumbling Continues ] - It 's okay . It 's okay . - Hey , Crump , we got about one more mile . - [ Dings ] I 'll make it fast . You ready ? Here goes nothing . Turn on the pump ! Number four ! Three ! - [ Groaning ] - Number three ! Turn it on ! You gotta pay before you pump , buddy . [ Engine Starts ] Hey , damn it , that 's my car ! Where in the hell do you think you 're goin ' ? Damn it ! Stop ! [ Muttering ] We 're gonna take care of you . Watch your step , now . We just have to examine you . One deaf woman survives unscathed , while everything else around her dies . Why ? Wait . What are you doin ' ? The pathology of this thing- - it affects the inner ear . And this area right here is ground zero . What if what we 're looking for is some kind of a sound ? Seriously ? [ Cell Phone Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] Excuse me . - Scully . - It 's Van Gelder . Agent , I don 't know what the hell your partner 's thinking , but not only is he actively evading my officers , now he 's stolen a car . - Come again ? - You heard right . He left behind a crazy note addressed to you . You there ? Yeah , yeah , yeah . Read it to me . " " Crump sick . Will die if stopped , same as wife . Must head west to keep alive . No roadblocks . " " Exclamation point . This make any sense to you ? Take him at his word . - Let him through . - Let him through ? Look , no offense , Agent Scully , but how about you run that by your superiors ? 'Cause frankly , I think they 'll say different . I 'll take that under advisement . [ Van Gelder Continues , Indistinct ] [ Static , Line Breaking Up ] Faster . - I 'm doin ' 7 0 . - Man , you gotta go faster . It 's getting worse . Yeah , yeah , that 's good . Okay . Hey , uh , theJew stuff ? No offense . I mean , uh , a man can 't help who he 's born to . That was an apology , right ? Gee , I don 't know if I can see to drive . My eyes are tearing up so bad . Whatever , man . Why are you doing this ? - Why am I doing what ? - This . It 's not in your best interest to make me question that right now . How do I know you ain 't doing exactly what they want you to ? Hmm ? Driving me all around creation , experimenting ' on me . How do I know it ain 't that ? I guess you don 't . I ain 't saying you are . I 'm just saying that 's no way to treat a man , take away his dignity like that . It ain 't right . Better just to kill him . That 's all I 'm saying . Hey , you gotta stay alive if you wanna stick it to the government . If you die , you let them off the hook . Am I right ? Huh ? You 're right . You 're damn straight . We 'll figure this out . You 'd better figure quick . We 're runnin ' out of west . Lieutenant Breil ? My name is Dana Scully . I called in regards to the electrical equipment ... - the navy is maintaining in the town of Montello . - Right . Listen , I don 't know if there 's been some miscommunication ... between you and your Washington office , but , uh- - - My Washington office ? - Yeah . I was under the impression that I 'd explained this to the F.C.C. ' s satisfaction . Oh . I 'm-I 'm ... so sorry to make you run through it again , uh , for my official report to the , uh , to the F.C.C. Okay . At 6 : 1 7 yesterday morning ... during a test of our ground conduction radio system , a situation arose in which our equipment experienced a brief power surge . That 's what interrupted television reception in the four-state area . However , steps have already been taken to ensure this won 't happen again . The ground conduction radio- - that-that would be Project Seafarer ? The specifics of what we do here are classified , ma 'am . Sure , sure . Um ... would you happen to know what effect such a surge might have ... on , uh , on an organism ? Say , um , say a human being ? Theoretically speaking . Theoretically speaking ? Well , that 's classified as well , ma 'am . Crump ? - Mr. Crump . - Mr. Crump . What is it , Mr. Mulder ? Mulder , are you okay ? Yeah , aside from terminal cell phone withdrawal . That and I gotta pee . Where are you ? I 'm just about to board a Justice Department jet . Hopefully , I 'll overshoot you . - Headed where ? - I don 't know , Mulder . You tell me . I 'm guessing wherever the hell Route 36 ends . But we can 't stop , Scully , and I 'm kind of at a loss as to what to do next . [ Sighs ] Well , I think I have a loose theory as to what caused this . - Well , lay it on me . - Okay . Mulder , you know what E.L.F. waves are ? - Extremely low frequency radio transmissions ? - Yeah . It uses an antenna , like , 50 miles long . The military uses it to communicate with the trident submarine . Project Seafarer , Project Haarp . Well , Seafarer has an antenna array ... stretching beneath the edge of Patrick Crump 's property . Now , E.L.F. fields have been shown ... to produce biological effects in human tissue- - inducing electrical currents , altering chemical reactions . Not to mention that it 's a potential weapons application . It 's been referred to as " " electrical nerve gas , " " or may be behind the so-called " " Taos Hum . " " What if some overload- - some-some hum from this system ... could somehow match the resonant frequency of the human skull ? I mean , what if it could induce a like hum ... that could somehow exert a rising pressure ... on the labyrinth of the inner ear , in a sense shattering it ? But with constant movement somehow ameliorating that pressure , making it bearable . But why only westward movement ? I don 't know , Mulder . I don 't know . I mean- - I mean , maybe it has to follow certain lines of force , electrical or magnetic . But the big question , Scully , is what do we do about it ? Well , I think I know , Mulder , but it 's nothing that Mr. Crump is gonna like . We 'll be there . What ? Well , whether they did this to you intentionally or not , you were right . They did it to you . So what do we- - what do we do ? Your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway . There , she will insert a long , large-bore needle into your inner ear , hopefully relieving the pressure . And when we get there , she 's gonna have to work fast . She 's only gonna have one chance . She 's not gonna be able to use any anesthetic , and it will probably leave you deaf . But I 'll live , right ? Well , that 's what it 's all about . All right , man , let 's do it . Mr. Mulder , could you go a little faster , please ? - Just a little more is all I need . - Sure . Just a little bit faster . [ Siren Wailing ] Get ready ! [ Kersh ] " Justice Department jet . " " 2.6 turbine hours round trip at $ 1,400 an hour . " " Car rental . Over mileage , out-of-state use penalties- - " " $ 346 . " " Compensation to one Walter R. Duncan ... for unauthorized use of his 1 968 Caprice station wagon- - $ 500 . " " Why don 't you bill me ? I 'll bill your partner instead . You too obviously relish the role of martyr . Okay , so are we done here ? Back to the bozo work investigating huge piles of manure ? You can always quit . - [ Door Slams Shut ] - [ Sighs ] Sir , Agent Mulder has been through a lot . And you apologize for him a lot . I 've noticed that about you . I 'm not apologizing for this . Because of his work , the D.O.D. is shutting down ... their antenna array in northeastern Nevada . Our participation in this case has saved lives . I don 't see you proving that . The Department of Defense ... admits no culpability whatsoever . Furthermore , they say the closing of the facility was coincidental . Right . Don 't misunderstand me , Agent . I don 't care if you and your partner ... saved a school bus full of doe-eyed urchins on their way to Sunday Bible camp . You no longer investigate X-Files . You are done . And the sooner you and Mulder come to recognize that , the better for both of you . - Big piles of manure . - [ Door Slams Shut ] [ Child ] I made this !
