 For the first time ... I feel time like a heartbeat , the seconds pumping in my breast like a reckoning , the numinous mysteries that once seemed so distant and unreal ... threatening clarity in the presence of a truth ... entertained not in youth , but only in its passage . I feel these words as if their meaning ... were weight being lifted from me , knowing that you will read them and share my burden ... as I have come to trust no other . That you should know my heart , look into it , finding there the memory and experience that belong to you , that are you , is a comfort to me now as I feel the tethers loose ... and the prospects darken ... for the continuance of a journey that began not so long ago , and which began again with a faith shaken and strengthened ... by your convictions . If not for which I might never have been so strong now ... as I cross to face you and look at you incomplete , hoping that you will forgive me ... for not making the rest of the journey with you . Oncology ? Thanks . Scully ? I , uh - I stole these from some guy with a broken leg down the hall . He won 't be able to catch me . How you doing ? I guess that 's the question . Actually , I feel fine . Good . What , uh , exactly are we lookin ' at here ? It 's what 's called a naso-pharyngeal mass . It 's a small growth on the wall ... between the Superior concha and the Sphenoidal sinus . - A growth ? - A tumor . You 're the only one I 've called . Okay . Is it operable ? - No . - But it 's treatable . The truth is that the type and placement of the tumor ... make it difficult - to the extreme . I refuse to believe that . I - I - For all the times I have said that to you , I am as certain about this as you have ever been . I have cancer . It is a mass on the wall between my sinus and cerebrum . If it pushes into my brain , statistically there is about zero chance of survival . I don 't accept that . Th-There must be some people ... who have received treatment for this who we can - Yes , there are . This news comes as the worst kind of surprise , Agent Scully . I 'm very sorry . Thank you , sir . I don 't mean for this to be awkward , and I would appreciate it if we could keep this confidential . I understand . I assume you 'll be taking a leave of absence . No , sir . I 've asked my doctors to hold on to my medical records ... until Agent Mulder and I can exhaust a possible avenue of investigation . - Investigation ? - Last year Agent Scully and I ... pursued a case in which a number of women , purported abductees , experienced similar symptoms after having implants removed from the base of their necks . A woman in Allen town , Pennsylvania ... named Betsy Hagopian , was undergoing treatment for naso-pharyngeal tumor . We haven 't been able to contact her yet . I 'm sure you 're aware we have contacts with the best physicians in the country . Yes , sir . But for my own reasons , I would like to pursue this through the Justice Department , rather than as a personal matter . I 'm sorry . No early birds . We 're not here for the garage sale . We 're looking for Betsy Hagopian . - No one 's returning our messages . - Sorry . Um , Betsy 's passed away . Just two-and-a-half weeks ago . Are you a relation ? No . We 're with the FBI . - Been some kind of trouble ? - Betsy was part of a Mufon Group . I don 't know . I 'm just the realtor . Do you mind if we come inside and take a look ? Hey , Scully . Listen to this . There are two lines coming in . I noticed this one was lit . Somebody 's sending a fax or a computer modem . But who ? And to send what ? Somebody must have remote access to the system . They 're downloading data . Copying files . Let 's get a trace on them before whoever it is hangs up . Apartment 234 is listed under Kurt Crawford . I 'm gonna check around back . See if you can get the manager . Stop ! Federal agent ! Hold it ! put your hands where we can see them ! Is your name Kurt Crawford ? Yes . - Scully ? - What ? I 'm fine , Mulder . Quit staring at me . I 'm fine . You okay , Scully ? Yeah . I 'm just washing up . You took his cuffs off . He says he 's a member of the same U.F.O. Network Betsy Hagopian belonged to . That he was downloading files for safekeeping , as Betsy had instructed him . - Then why did he run ? - He thinks his life 's in danger . He thinks there 's government conspiracy to suppress the information in those files . - You think he 's credible ? - He seems to know a lot ... about what happened to Betsy and the other women ... in the Mufon Group that you met at her house . That will have to be cross-checked . - We can 't . - Why not ? How did they die ? Brain cancer . All within the last year . All of them ? From the group you met , there 's only Penny Northern . She 's in the hospital , and it doesn 't look good . What makes you think this is a conspiracy , that the government 's involved ? What makes you think it isn 't ? Eleven women are abducted , all with similar recollections about the experience . All developing identical brain tumors , and all refused state or federal health care ... because of their insistence of the facts . And all dying within the space of a year . - I want you to listen to me . - About what ? About what you won 't admit to yourself , what you 're denying . - What am I denying ? - Where your cancer came from . - It doesn 't matter . - It does matter . If what you have is a result of your abduction , and that is something the government knows , - then those are facts that should be brought to light . - I don 't know what happened . I have no clear recollection , and I don 't think these abductions are even abductions . These women are dead . No , they are not . One woman isn 't - this Penny Northern . Mm-hmm . If you won 't listen to me , then you should go talk to her . About what ? What it feels like to be dying of cancer ? What it 's like to know there is absolutely nothing you can do about it ? If that 's too hard for you , then go as an investigator . You have one remaining witness , Agent Scully . I 'd think you 'd want to know what her story is . Dana . Hello . I - I 'm sorry . Did somebody tell you I was coming to see you ? No . Then how did you know it was me ? I recognized you . I told you when we met last year . I held you and comforted you in the place ... after the tests . I 'm sorry . I don 't mean to be insensitive , but , uh ... I don 't share those memories . It 's all right . I 've come to ask you some questions . - About Dr. Scanlon ? - No . Who 's Dr. Scanlon ? He 's treating the cancer . He treated Betsy too . He thinks he might have isolated the cause . And that if he 'd caught it earlier , he might have been able to do more for her . And for me . - His name 's Scanlon ? - Yes . What did you want to ask me ? - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . - Where are you ? - I 'm at the hospital with Penny Northern . - Where are you ? - I 'm at Betsy Hagopian 's ... going through some hard files before stuff starts disappearing . Call me an early bird , but I think I 've found something . Some of these women who have died , they 're childless . They 've been treated for infertility at a clinic 30 miles from here - - Penny Northern and Betsy Hagopian among them . - Mulder , that 's - I 've made phone calls , tried to get some information , but nobody is talking to me . Mulder , I need you to come up here . Did you find something there ? I need you to bring the overnight bag from the trunk of the car . And I need you to call my mother ... and ask her to bring some things up to the hospital . Is there anything I should know ? Mulder , whatever you found , or whatever you might find , I think we both know that ... right now the truth is in me . And that 's where I need to pursue it ... as soon as possible . I will be right there . Agent Mulder ? Agent Mulder ? Dana ? I 'm Dr. Scanlon . We spoke last night on the phone . Yeah . Hi . Sorry . I was sleeping . I noticed . How 's your energy level , generally ? Oh , you know , I - I don 't - I don 't feel sick at all . Your M.R.I. ' s and your charts aren 't here yet . But I have an idea what to expect . You probably do too , from your medical training . I know that chemotherapy is going to make me sick . And the radiation . They 're both part of a high-dose approach to knock your system down ... so that we can attempt a gene therapy on p-53 . You 're gonna feel like dying . - Dana . - Hi , Mom . Hi . This is Dr. Scanlon . - Hi . - Hi . I , uh - I drove . I was gonna take the shuttle , but it 's only an hour more by car . - Can you imagine ? - Mom ? I 'm fine . I 'm going to be fine . I 'm just here for treatment . I 'm gonna go . I 've ordered additional blood work . I 'd like to start this afternoon . Thank you . Mom , I know what you 're going to say , but I don 't have any experience being sick . I promise you , I feel fine . I feel - I don 't know why you didn 't tell me . I don 't know why you didn 't tell me immediately ! I wanted to get all the answers first . And you found them here ? I have found some clarity . And maybe a way to fight back . I don 't want to be kept in the dark . You 'll know , Mom . You have always been the strong one . But you 're my only daughter now . I know . [ Sobbing Oh , Dana . In med school , I learned that cancer arrives in the body unannounced - a dark stranger who takes up residence , turning its new home against itself . This is the evil of cancer - that it starts as an invader , but soon becomes one with the invaded , forcing you to destroy it . But only at the risk of destroying yourself . It is science 's demon possession . My treatments - science 's attempt at exorcism . Mulder , I hope that in these terms ... you might know it and know me , and accept this stranger so many recognize ... but cannot ever completely cast out . And if the darkness should have swallowed me as you read this , you must never think there was the possibility of some secret intervention - something you might have done . And though we have traveled far together , this last distance must necessarily be traveled alone . I 've got a gun pointed at your head . Turn around very slowly . Kurt Crawford . We seem to be traveling in the same circles these days . Put the gun away . You disappeared with those files from Betsy Hagopian 's . I called you half a dozen times . I got to thinking you were a liar . - Tell me I 'm wrong . - I 'm looking for the same thing that you are . I 've been trying to hack into that system , but I can 't seem to make it past the password . - You think you can get access from here ? - I need to find that password . " Vegreville . " - We 're in . - Huh . Dana ? Dana , it 's okay . It 's okay , Dana . You 'll be okay . Where am I ? You 're in your own bed now . You 're safe . I feel nauseous . It 's the chemo . The chemo was always the worst . I had a bad dream . Some - Someone was doing something bad to me . Mmm . You were there . I heard your voice . They let me come to you during the procedures . I don 't know why . Human compassion is not something that they have . I 'm sorry , Penny . I can 't - I can 't hear this right now . You 've got to try and make sense of it , Dana . It 'll help you through the pain . To understand why this is - this is happening to you . I need you to set up a meeting for me . Hold all my calls . Where 's Agent Scully ? She 's in a hospital in Allentown beginning treatment . What happened to your investigative avenues ? They 've taken a turn . A pretty big U-turn , by the looks of it . This is a file directory from a federally-operated fertility clinic . Agent Scully 's name is on this file . Although I 'm pretty damn sure she 's never undergone treatment for infertility . - What 's in the file ? - I don 't know . It 's just a directory ... for a mainframe housed in the Lombard Research Facility . So you want to set up a meeting . With whom ? The Cigarette Man . I have no doubt in my mind he 's behind this . - You 've come to me before like this , Mulder . - Well , this is different . - I 'm willing to deal now . - Find another way . No . No ! I need that meeting . You deal with this man , you offer him anything , and he will own you forever . He knows what they did to Agent Scully ! He may know how to save her ! If he knows , you can know too , but you can 't ask the truth of a man who trades in lies . - I won 't let you . - We are talking about Agent Scully 's life . Find another way . The Lombard System is a dedicated mainframe ... impossible to hack , so they say . - How 'd you guys get in ? - A modified Clipper Chip we cannibalized ... from a government surplus Army Field Encoder . We bought it back from the Chinese . But for all the work it took to get in , what we got on Agent Scully 's file , we don 't know how much help it 's gonna be . - What do you mean ? - It 's a gene code we 've seen before . - Detected in Scully 's blood after her abduction . - Does it tell us anything ? Normal DNA is inactive when in its helical form . When it 's unwound , or branched like this one , - that 's when it 's active , when it can mutate . - It 's what made her sick . Why store something like this , and why keep it a secret ? Scientists get funky about having their research poached . Somebody might be trying to find a cause . - Or a cure . - Theoretically . You guys ever been to the Lombard Research Facility ? Well , pick out something black and sexy and prepare to do some funky poaching . It 's funny . I always thought of you as Fox Mulder 's patron . You 'd think under your aegis , he wouldn 't be consigned to a corner of the basement . At least he doesn 't take an elevator up to get to work . You think I 'm the devil , Mr. Skinner ? I 'm not here to talk about what I think about you . Then why are you here ? Is it Mulder 's partner and her illness ? Is it terminal ? Is it cancer ? You tell me . Modern medicine today - I hear they can perform miracles . I need a miracle . Well , you think a lot more of me than you let on , Mr. Skinner . - What 'll it take ? - For Agent Scully 's life ? - What would you offer ? - What 'll it take ? Well , I 'll have to get back to you on that . Oh , Mr. Skinner . Which way is the elevator ? He 'll double back in 54 seconds . Frohike , where are you guys ? We 're in the K-section of the storm drain ... where the communications system links up to public power . Stand by . Two minutes for a systems check . We got to go . We 're in motion . They 're in . Security camera 's off-line , patching in now . Smile , Byers . You 're on Candid Camera . Exterior security has been breached . Langly , are you reading this ? Redundant systems - triple-shut bypass . This is a toughie . You guys couldn 't spring for two of these ? What is going on ? Mulder , this is gonna take a moment . Boys , we have a problem . The doctor treating Scully 's cancer is on staff here . More mysteries await . Bypass is complete . I need someone to get to Scully to stop treatment . Right now , you 're the only one who can do that . I have not written to you in thelast24hours ... because the treatment has weakened my spirit as well as my body . Mulder , it 's difficult to describe to you the fear of facing an enemy ... which I can neither conquer nor escape . penny Northern has taken a downturn . I now look at her with a respect that can only come from one ... who is about to walk the same dark path . Seeing her , I can 't help but see myself in a month or a year . I pray that I have her courage to face this journey . Mulder , I feel you close ... though I know you are now pursuing your own path . For that I am grateful - more than I could ever express . I need to know you are out there if I am ever to see through this . Langly , where the hell am I going ? We 're losing you on the video feed , Mulder . Mulder ? Did you do anything , Frohike ? Nada . I didn 't touch a thing . Down here . Langly , can you hear me ? Langly , I can 't hear you . Langly , I can 't hear you . Open the door . Open the damn door ! Agent Mulder , come in . - You 're hybrids . - Please come in so that we might explain . - You 've been using me . - Not at all . You 're arrival was only coincident with the execution of our objective . - What objective ? - To subvert the project . The project that created us . I 've seen this boy before . These boys are you . We 're among the end result . - And you want to destroy them ? - No ! What we want is the same thing that you want . What are these ? Human ova . Taken from whom ? What ? Harvested during her abduction through a high-amplification radiation procedure ... that caused ... super-ovulation . - Why ? - For fertilization . They constitute one half of the necessary raw materials . For genetic hybridization . For reproduction . These women - These women are your birth mothers . Barren now ... from the same procedure that caused their cancer . And now they 're left to die , their condition hastened by the man running this project . - You 're trying to save them . - They 're our mothers . Mulder , are you there ? Do you copy ? Langly , I can 't hear you . You 've got a security breach in sectionJ-14 . - You sure it 's not Byers ? - Nope . I 've got Byers right here on my screen . Langly , help me out . I don 't know where I 'm goin ' . You 're in a bio-quarantine wing leading to an exit . At the end of the hall , you 'll access a door to a bio-secure room . I 'm working on the locks now . Okay , Langly , Frohike , I 'm here . Open the door . The doors work under redundant systems . We 're working fast . Work faster ! Langly , open the door now ! Get me out ! - Get me out of here now ! - Almost there . Go ! Nurse . Nurse ! Dana Scully 's supposed to be in her room . Where is she ? - She 's not there ? - No . What happened to her ? - I don 't know . I - - Who the hell does know ? Mulder ! - What happened to Scully ? - I got to her . Where is she now ? Dr. Scanlon isn 't coming back ? No . I don 't think so , Penny . Dana , I want you to get well . You 've been such a comfort . You 've got to be the one . You can 't give up hope . I haven 't . I won 't . Is she gone ? I 'm sorry . I know what she meant to you . When I came to find you and you weren 't in your room , I got scared that something had happened . And I read some of what you wrote . I didn 't want you to read that . I had decided to throw it out . I decided tonight that , um - that I 'm not gonna let this thing beat me . I came into this hospital able to work . And that 's how I 'm leaving . - Byers tell you about Dr. Scanlon ? - Yes . He may very well have killed those women . That will have to be proven - if we find him . When we find him . Something was done to you - something you 're just beginning to remember . You can 't quite figure it out , but it can be explained , and it will be explained . And no matter what you think as a scientist or doctor , there is a way and you will find it ... to save yourself . Mulder , I can 't kid myself . People live with cancer . They carry on . And so will I. You know , I 've got things to finish ... to prove to myself , to my family . But for my own reasons . Come on back . The truth will save you , Scully . I think it 'll save both of us . - Skinner . Oh , I - I was leaving you a voice mail . - It 's 5 : 30 . What are you - - I 'm working . How can I help you ? I want you to know that Scully 's doing okay . She says she 's coming back to work , actually . Good . That 's good to hear . I was calling to thank you for your advice about our chain-smoking friend . I think you were right . We have to know what he knows . We just have to find another way . There 's always another way . Yes , I believe there is ...
