 Here we are in the 12th and final round . It 's been a brutal fight between xao and the world champion chance o 'brien . They 're having a chance to fight with one another that has escalated this battle into a war . Xao has cyber enhancements that seem to give him the strength to stay with o 'brien , who is one of the few 100 % human fighters still competing . O 'brien has the speed , power and skill well beyond any current fighter of any grade , cyber-enhanced or human . Down ! Down ! This could be it ! The electronic timer counts away the seconds ! Eight , nine , 10 ! Chance o 'brien has reclaimed his championship with a stunning twelfth-round knockout of previously unbeaten xao . O 'brien 's unorthodox manager , Jo , has leaped into the ring to congratulate her fighter . What will the rematch be like ? It is a crucial time for our company . Competition with other corporations is disrupting our market share . We have gone from 53 % to 39 % in two years . The zikan corporation alone has penetrated 10 % into our coverage in the last eight months . And the public knows it . You gentlemen have allowed it to happen . Mr. tung , as head of the marketing division , what do you propose ? We need to demonstrate the superiority of our bioengineered implants in a vivid , spectacular fashion , which means we need to pit our cyber enhancements against all the others in direct competition on a world stage for all to see . It would be the media event of all time . All very noble , Mr. tung , but how is such a goal attained ? We sponsor a fighting tournament where all the greatest fighters in the world are invited . Each corporation will bioenhance a combatant of their choice . The best cyber technology wins . Simple ! It would be the super bowl , world cup , and Olympics rolled up in one multimedia mega-event . Think of the marketing bonanza . This is a crazy dream . No corporation is going to sponsor an event where people could be killed . Just last week a football player was paralyzed , and in a speed car race two drivers were burned to death . It 's part of the public lure . The public doesn 't hold the sponsor responsible , unless of course the entertainment is of poor quality . It 's ridiculous . Each journey begins with a single step . The tournament may be that step higher , but it is crucial that the step be in the right direction . You 're confident you do have a man who can win this tournament ? As a matter of fact , I do . Gentlemen , this is xao . He has agreed to be our representative in the tournament . The one who lost the bout to a pure human , an American . That was before some changes were made . Two current full-contact champions . Each man gets 10 million euro-credits if they can defeat our champion . Oh , my God ! As you can see , he 's not the same fighter or man he was six months ago . I don 't think the word " man " even applies . Isn 't there a rule that fighters must be at least 90 % human ? This is our tournament on our private island outside the jurisdiction of any country . We 'll increase the allowance of cyber implants to 50 % . After all , the reason for the tournament is to demonstrate the superiority of biomechanical systems over human tissue , right ? Right . Now what if a pure human wants to compete ? The tournament is completely open to all , - even pure humans . - Even the American . Chance o 'brien is considered the greatest champion ever . It is our intention to have him compete in the tournament . But can xao beat him ? We 'll make sure he does . We will let you take this step , Mr. tung . But remember , xao 's fate and yours are one and the same . Oh , my ! We 've got another great fight . The world 's number-one ranked challenger is giving the champion , chance o 'brien , all he can handle . Raul comes to this fight with an impressive 29 and 1 record , the lone loss coming early in his career before he had his cyber implants . O 'brien has seemed sluggish so far . His mind doesn 't seem focused on the fight . His showboating and sluggish performance thus far has not pleased his manager , Jo . Raul could build up enough points in the computer scoring that could endanger o 'brien 's hold on the world title he has held for three years . Oh , boy ! There 's a little of o 'brien 's power . Stop fooling around ! But Raul comes right back ! And there 's the bell ending the round . What the hell are you doing out there ? That ought to have a tag on his toe by now . - Hey , you want to give it a try ? - Knock it off ! You 're defending your title . Now get out there and fight like it . - Will you marry me ? - What ? Will you marry me ? You 're asking me now ? Yeah . I mean , we can stay here . I tell you what , champ . I 'll marry whoever wins this bout . There seems to be a heated discussion in the champion 's corner . Jo has got to have told o 'brien that he is on the verge of losing his title . Let 's see if it 's had any effect on o 'brien 's coming out strong . He 's going right to a flying kick ! Raul 's going down ! The real champ o 'brien seems to have shown up . Yeah ! Hey , Raul , you know who Jo is , don 't you ? Yeah , your trainer ? Yeah , she 's right over there . - Why don 't you take a look ? - What ? Go ahead , take a look . I 'm not going to hit you . Wait , o 'brien and Raul seem to be having some kind of discussion out in the middle of the ring . What in the hell ? Sweet girl . Well , she said she 'll marry whoever wins this . Really ? Maybe I 'd better go rent a tux . The conversation seems directed - at o 'brien 's manager , Jo . - What 's going on ? I can 't quite hear what they 're saying . But here we go . The fighters seem ready to fight again . Honeymoon in Hawaii ? Yeah , how about a cold day in hell ? Really ? Okay , come on ! Come on , chance ! Yeah ! There you go , baby ! Oh , golly ! What a kick ! That 's lights out for Raul . Chance o 'brien successfully defends his championship for the eleventh time . He has staked his claim as the greatest fighter in the world today . All right , baby ! Chance ! Chance ! Who do you fight next ? Actually , my next fight is with my trainer here about where we 're going on our honeymoon . A fight against the heavyweight champion astasio would be fantastic . Not for astasio . What about the tournament held by the sianon corporation ? What about it ? Well , as the greatest human fighter in the world , do you intend to test your fighting skills against the world 's foremost cyborgs ? Mr. o 'brien is not interested in proving himself to a bunch of robots and used car parts . Xao will be competing . You owe him a rematch . Or are you afraid that your win was just human luck ? I 'll tell you what , Mr ... You know my name . Tung . Tung . If you give me the 60 million you 're offering in platinum , I 'll show you some luck . It 's yours , if you earn it . We 're not interested . Chance o 'brien is a legitimate world champion . He doesn 't have to fight in your bloodfest . So Mr. o 'brien is afraid of xao . Not afraid . He 'd rip his implants off and shove them up his synthetic ass . Like she says , we 're not interested . It 's getting late , and if anyone doesn 't have an intelligent question , we 'll call it a night . Thanks a lot , everyone . Sorry if these clowns ruined it for you . I expect you all to be there . So now that you 're not in such a weakened state , still want to marry me ? Honey , when you 're around , I 'm always in a weakened state . - I 'm serious . - So am I. Well , if you put it that way , how can I say no ? Well , you could try . But I 'm tougher than you are . Come on , Mrs. o 'brien , I 'll buy you some breakfast . Sounds great . Ah , I love Rome . It 's so romantic . It 's like an old movie or something . Let 's get married here in the spring . It would be great to do it with 60 mill in platinum . We don 't need the money . You know he 's jacked up more . It 's past the limit , but I bet I could still beat him . I 'm not going to let you go . Why ? Jo , if I win this , I never have to fight again . If you lose , I 'll never have a chance to say I do . You think I can 't win . No . It 's not about winning , chance . It 's not even about competition . It 's sales and market shares and profits . It 's not you or me . What ? I love you . - You have no idea . - No . I 'm going to prove it to you . With this ring , I thee wed . And with this whistle , I thee wed . Hey ! You 're so good . Looks like my clowns spoiled your fun again , huh ? Come on . You should have accepted our invitation . The publicity would have been great for both of us . Well , since you won 't do it for money , maybe you 'll do it for love . See you at the fights , Mr. o 'brienski . Mr. o 'brien , the world champion . We 've been expecting you . I 'm a big fan of yours myself . Where is this tournament being held ? Iridoken island , and you 're scheduled - to register tomorrow . - Thanks . We 're going to break this boy down . You shouldn 't be here by yourself . Lots of bad people here . Hey , look , I need to take these shoes . I promise I 'll come back and I 'll pay you later . I promise . I promise . Anybody knows where the docks are ? The docks . Hey , does anyone know where the docks are ? Does anybody know where the boats come in ? Huh ? Hey ! Hey ! Do you guys know where the docks are ? - The docks . - Docks ? The docks ! The docks , where the boats come in . Ah , docks . Yeah . - Over there . - That way . - That way . - No , no . That way . Whoa ! Hey ! What the hell is wrong with you ? Hey , wait up ! Hey , wait ! Hey ! Hey ! Cover your human ass , man ! Chance o 'brien . No , that 's okay . I don 't want to know somebody I might have to kill . Lance stovich . - Country ? - Armenia . Put your hand over there . Step over there . On the line . 49.7 % cybergenics , approved . Over there . Name ? Chance o 'brien . Country ? United States . Company ? Put your hand over there . Okay , step over there . On the line . Percentage of cyber implants , zero . - Name ? - Bradford wharton , the zanik corporation . You may as well go home now . - Country ? - Usa . You don 't have a chance . Put your hand over there . Hey , champ , save it for the ring . Okay , step over there . Go home ! - Name ? - My name ? Chung . Percentage of molecular mutations- - Step over there . Thank you . How do you like those synthetic heatseekers ? Hey , sorry about the car . Forget it . You always go jogging in the nude ? I was mugged . You 're from the zanik corporation . It 's big-time bio shit , huh ? Yeah , 13th largest . I can honestly say they made me the man I am today . I get three million just to show up and show off . Who 's sponsoring you ? The bad guys . - Huh ? - Forget it . So you see any of the sianon corporation around ? Not yet . Hey , you hungry ? I 've got this great corporate expense account . Come on , let 's go get something to eat . Come on . Hey , thanks for that . A word from the sianon corporation . Are you tired of looking like a 98-pound weakling but are too lazy to do anything about it ? Well , welcome to sianon 's 21st-century miracle . No diets and no workouts . The sianon corporation 's new cyber implants will have you looking the way you want . You can do it quickly and safely , with just some minor discomfort . In just three days ' time , sianon guarantees to give you the body and face you 've always wanted , rebuilt with cyber-enhanced implants into a more powerful you . So do you really want to look like this when in three days you could look like this ? A safer , better-looking cyber future from the sianon corporation . You know where xao is staying ? That 's top secret . All the corporations have taken a lot of security to protect their products - from any tampering . - Oh , yeah ? Well , where is all your security ? You 're looking at the chairman of the board . I can do what I want . For all the money we were going to spend on a fighter , I just figured I 'd do it myself . Yeah , well , you may find the ring a little tougher than the boardroom . I was pro before I went corporate . I can handle it . Don 't tell me your family- - Yeah , dear old dad . Well , at least you had a choice . Is someone forcing you to be here ? Sianon . Now , Ms. Tobin , if you promise to be good , I 'll have your chip deactivated . Okay ? There . Fuck you , asshole ! Bad , bad girl ! Boy , you have a lot of fight in you . It 's too bad you 're not a man . Now , one more time , be good , and the chip is deactivated . Okay ? Simple , there . You 're not being good . All right . All right ? You went through a lot of trouble , didn 't you , to get chance to enter this two-bit tournament ? Well , it turns out that the majority of the public didn 't consider it a true world championship without the participation of a real champion , so we convinced every champion of every style to , shall we say , enlist . That 's a lot of kidnapping . Fortunately , they were not immune to cash inducements . Only one champion resisted all our efforts . Integrity is a drag . Believe me , this was not the way we wanted to do it . So what happens now , hmm ? What , are you going to kill me ? Is that it ? Oh , unless chance does his fight with xao ? We don 't believe Mr. o 'brien has a ... How do you Americans say it ? A snowball 's chance in hell ? What do you want with me ? We want you to train xao . Why would I do something like that ? Because if you don 't , Mr. o 'brien 's survival chances won 't be very promising . We 'll reward you handsomely . - Fuck you and your money ! - Ouch ! Before you finalize the decision , and in effect doom Mr. o 'brien 's life , please allow me to show you something . He doesn 't need a trainer , he needs a goddamn leash . He 's impressive , isn 't he ? Yeah , but he has no heart . He never has . That 's why chance beat him . Yeah , unfortunately you 're right . But we 're hoping that your training will give him what his poor upbringing took away . I won 't train him . Actually , we would like you to show him a certain amount of ... Yes , love , if you will . What the hell are you talking about ? Your attention will give him the confidence he needs to ... to win . Look what it did for o 'brien . You want me to fuck him , don 't you ? No . No . Don 't you get it ? He needs love ! Love ! I want you to love him . That 's what he needs . This place is a little small . This is nothing . I 've got someone here who can help you find out where is xao is staying . Appreciate it . This tournament , the sianon corporation 's own representative , xao . I 'll do what I can to help . But you come up against me in this tournament and I 'll crush you . You help me find xao and the tournament 's yours . Nice toys you have here . You can 't be too prepared . Liu , we need to help Mr. o 'brien find out where xao 's training camp is . Most of the corporate sites are using electronic cloaking . It 's not going to be easy . I thought you might as well relax a while . It 's going to take some time . What are you doing here ? Just thought I 'd come and give you some pointers . I have coaches , you know . I know . You know , you should switch your balance to the left . Why don 't you go back to chance o 'brien where you belong ? It 's over between us . That 's not what it looked like the last time I saw the two of you together . Things change . Bullshit ! You know , I could have left here . Oh ? So what are you doing here , then ? I 'm here for you . Welcome to day one of the tournament . 56 cyber corporations are represented here by the greatest fighters of all time . Every one of them is a current or former world champion , and some , like xao of the sianon corporation , are undeclared weapons . This tournament isn 't just about who the best fighter is , but also about who has the best cyber implant system . It 's an exciting challenge for the world 's cyber corporations . For the first time , fighters will be allowed to be cybered up to 50 % of their total mass . The opening of the tournament will be handled by tung , the head of marketing for the sponsoring sianon corporation . Welcome to the sianon tournament . Good luck to you . Here we go with the first round of action . Fighters ! The first fighter is bodo , representing the du canne cyber corporation of France . His opponent is ikila , representing the siwa cybertron corporation of Bombay . Bodo fights in the world cybertronic association . His style is a mutant version of outlaw shootfighting . He is the current world champion in his weight and implant classification . His record is 67 wins , no losses , and he has sent four men to their deaths in the ring . Ikila is a generation one cyber fighter . Siwa is a new corporation trying to get started . They 're hoping , with an impressive showing here , their stock prices will rise , giving them the capital they need to play with the larger corporations such as sianon and du canne . Well , it 's an apparent right off , bodo 's superior cyber implants are going to win out . He 's beginning to dominate here with his super-charged speed and strength . Bodo 's just toying with ikila now . A quick look at the stock market shows ikila 's corporation is starting to lose stock value . And that 's the end . Bodo wins with a time of 3 : 16 . Bodo is one of the favorites to reach the finals . Bodo 's sponsor , du canne , has seen their stock prices rise dramatically ... Representing the nubicon corporation of khartoum is tal Aziz . The ferocious nubian has a record of 81 wins and no losses . Tal Aziz has actually come out of retirement for this fight . Jolly , tal Aziz 's opponent , represents the tokao corporation of Singapore . Their fighter is a journeyman in the world cyber circuit and comes here with a 47 win , three loss record . Jolly uses the tiger style , but tal Aziz is clearly the superior fighter here . His implants appear to give him a huge advantage . Jolly has proven first generation cyber technology just isn 't up to this competition . Oh , my ! The nubicon corporation stock has risen by 16 points ! The tokao corporation stock , by contrast , has just collapsed . The next challenger is the highly regarded sante . Sante is a fluid monkey chi stylist . Chung is the current world cyber all-around champion . His sponsor , kalbag , is the second largest cyber corporation in the world , and their market share has risen to the point where they now challenge sianon 's number one position . Oh , my ! Chung delivers a kill blow ! That makes it 29 kills for chung ! I 've located xao 's whereabouts . Well , let 's go . You 're still leading with your left and you 're leaving your right side open . He 's not showing much improvement . I 'm doing the best I can . All right , I think it is time we had another little talk . What do you want ? Haven 't I done a good enough job ? I just want a little cooperation , that 's all . Okay , xao is definitely in here . So is tung . I 'll take it from here . Look , are you sure about this ? Huh ? They catch you , this is their island , their laws , and they can make you disappear forever . They asked me to fight , and I 'm fighting , all right ? I got to get in there . Wait ! Wait ! A gift from liu . Good luck . Mr. o 'brien , we are within our rights to execute you for trespassing . You know , since you did enter the tournament , we of course offered to set Jo free , but imagine our surprise when she refused to go . Life . Life is truly a series of unexpected turns . What have you done with her ? Nothing ... yet . Looks like you 're going to make it . What the hell happened ? My people found you on the street . Looks like I got a little more than I bargained for . Yeah , well , I hope it was worth the effort . You 're supposed to fight this morning . I don 't think you 're going to make it . That 's just what tung is expecting . Whatever you say , champ . It 's your funeral . How 's it feel ? O 'brien , you 're up . Good luck . It 's a surprise to see chance o 'brien here in this tournament . His disdain for cyber-enhanced fighters is well known , and he has continually told the press that he would not compete here in this tournament . Well , something must have changed . Mr. o 'brien 's mind . Could it be the 60 million first prize ? O 'brien , of course , is considered the greatest fighter in the world today . He has never been defeated and has continued to prove his dominance against all fighters from all weight categories from all styles . One thing that could have caused his change of heart is the loss of his manager , Jo , who is in xao 's sianon training camp . Perhaps he 's here for a little revenge . But skill or no skill , o 'brien has got a tough road ahead of him . He 'll be facing the most jacked-up and powerful fighters he has ever faced . O 'brien 's opponent is Arturo . Arturo represents a mid-sized corporation , which operates out of Mexico city . Arturo 's record is an impressive 54 wins and no losses . Arturo fights in nirvana style . O 'brien seems driven here . I don 't think I 've ever seen him so pumped up . He seems to be punishing his opponent . Well , there it is . O 'brien advances , but you have to wonder if the loss of his trainer won 't hamper his chances down the road . This is an interesting match-up . Earl is a grappling stylist from Ghana . He represents the hassa corporation of Liberia with a record of 38 wins and one loss . He has killed 13 men in the ring . His opponent , bokandu , is a Kali stylist from the tokay corporation based in Jakarta . Bokandu is an outlaw fighter who has recently been in prison for murder . The tokay corporation got him out just for this event . Bokandu is confused by Earl 's grappling action . It seems only a matter of time before Earl can put his infamous neck-breaker on bokandu . There it is , the neck-breaker ! And it 's over . Earl wins , bokandu has expired . Mario represents the zikan corporation of Brazil . His style is that of a kendo-crane mix with the strength of the cyber-speed implants developed by the zikan corporation . His opponent is lito . Lito is a rising star in the Asian circuit and he was recruited by the genpact corporation to be the recipient of their new alto technology . Well , it 's back to the drawing board for the genpact corporation . Mario wins and advances . Chance ! Chance ! If I don 't win this tournament , the company is finished . Isn 't there some way you can turn it around ? I made some bad deals along the way , some of them illegal . My dad took the fall for me . I can 't turn that around . Come on , let 's finish our run . Fight ! Yeah ! Final bout of the quarter-finals . It 's bodo of the du canne corporation versus chance o 'brien , the only 100 % human fighter in the tournament . O 'brien has a formidable opponent in front of him as bodo has killed his last three challengers in the ring . Both stylists have speed and power . The edge has to go bodo with all his cyber implants . Rumors abound that bodo has secretly jacked up closer to the 60 % level by disguising his microbiotic implants in live human tissue . Implants or not , bodo doesn 't seem to be able to stop o 'brien 's attacks . Everything bodo tries is swept aside and answered by o 'brien 's relentless assault . What a kick from o 'brien ! Bodo 's neck , which is listed as human , reveals cybergenic implants . Bodo cheated , but to no avail . O 'brien advances . Of course , for me , there is no serious competition here . I definitely cannot foresee any competition , and as for chance o 'brien , the last time was purely luck . I 'm in the greatest shape of my life thanks to my new trainer . Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Are you training xao now ? What happened to you and chance o 'brien ? She decided to back a winner . What are you doing , Jo , huh ? What are you doing ? Save it for the ring , o 'brien . You 're going to need it . What I 'm going to need is a broom to sweep up after what 's left of you and your fucking tin man . If that 's the best he can do , we have nothing to worry about . Jo ! Jo ! Ha ! Looks like you 've got a weak spot after all . Ow ! Stop . Hmm , hmm , hmm . Not yet . Are you ready ? You mean when you 're ready . Bradford is well known as the fighting chairman of the board of the zanik toma corporation . Fighters , start ! Rumors have been circulating that zanik toma is close to bankruptcy , but Bradford 's appearance here shows they are not willing to go down without a fight . Bradford has been retired the last three years as he concentrated on zanik toma , a company his father built into the fourth-leading cyber corporation in the world . Tragically , Bradford 's father- - You 're going down . I 'm gonna finish you , pretty boy . And the company has been heading downward ever since . We 'll have to see if Bradford can come back from his retirement and save the future of his company . Start ! Bradford 's opponent is mouche , Uganda stylist from the cyberlogic corporation . Yeah ! Ha ! Bradford 's skills are still there ! He devastates mouche ! Bradford advances . Whoo ! Hey , man . Good luck . I know . I know I deserve it . Xao is up . Xao enters the ring after a one-year layoff . After losing to o 'brien in last year 's heavyweight championship , xao was hired by the sianon corporation . The end result of that partnership will be seen tonight , as this will be xao 's first fight with his new state-of-the-art implants . Obviously sianon is expecting xao to make an impressive impact here in the tournament . Xao has coasted through the other rounds as opponents have defaulted or have been injured in training . Xao 's opponent here is tal Aziz , the nubian from the nubicon corporation . Both companies ' market shares and reputations are on the line . Fight ! And here we go . What a battle this should be with xao , a disciple of the wing chun school , and tal Aziz , a nuba stylist . Oh , my ! Xao is incredible . His speed and power are going to be too much for the nubian . Christ , he makes me think twice about fighting him . I think tal Aziz knows he 's in trouble here . What a horrifying glimpse into the future of cyber-fighting . Xao is a virtual superhuman killing machine . Nothing in this tournament is likely to stop him . For the three corporations remaining in the tournament , trillions of dollars are on the line . With so much at stake , tomorrow 's bouts promise to be the greatest battles of all time . Be there . I want a guarantee that chance won 't get hurt . How can I do that , Jo ? I 've only agreed not to kill him . What control do I have if he continues fighting in the tournament ? Disqualify him or something . It 's your tournament . It 's your island . I 'm sure you can figure out a way . That would arouse suspicion , Jo . And I agree with you , it 's a surprise Mr. o 'brien has made it to the semi-finals , but now if something were to happen , the outcome would be devastating to the tournament . Please . I 've done all you asked . And more . I don 't want chance to fight xao . Xao will kill him . Oh , put your mind at ease , Jo . I think it 's very unlikely Mr. o 'brien will reach a bout with xao . His opponent tomorrow is formidable . Yeah , Mr. o 'brien 's heroic march will end . - I 'm sure of it . - Thank you . Thank you ? For what ? Hey ! Hey ! Mr. tung would like to see you . Just take a minute . Hey ! What are you doing ? Just relax ! Relax . Hey , listen . There you go , sir . What the fuck is going on ? We are not to be seen together . I watched you today , Bradford . I don 't know , you were quite helpful to o 'brien . I can 't just do nothing . You told me to befriend him- - But I didn 't say make him a winner . Xao is a bit nervous about o 'brien , you see . They have this history . Look , chance is good , but he 's not all together . You 've seen to that . And he won 't get any cyber enhancements to overcome his injuries . I don 't think xao should worry . My thoughts exactly , but xao would like to see him further handicapped , and I 'm inclined to agree since there 's no sense of risking any possibility of defeat . What do you have in mind ? During your match tomorrow , injure him seriously . Easier said than done . Figure out a way , Bradford . I 'm still supposed to lose to him- - Yes . Yes . A match between xao and o 'brien is what we 've worked for , is it not ? That 's what you 've worked for . Me , I expect you to buy me out of my stocks . Loan the toma corporation the two trillion dollars you promised and get my father out of prison . The moment you injure o 'brien and lose to him , the deal is closed . If you screw me in any way- - You 'll do what , Bradford ? You 'll do what ? I don 't think your father would appreciate any foolish acts . Jail can be a dangerous place . Things can happen . He 's looking good , isn 't he ? Now we 're down to our last four competitors , and what a group they are . The greatest fighters in the world today . Xao has brutally destroyed every opponent he has faced so far . All three have been killed , and with frightening ease . Sianon has certainly done a remarkable job with xao 's cyber implants . They seem to be far ahead of all the others . Xao 's opponent , chung , has also cruised through his matches . He is three for three in kills , but there are big questions for chung in this match . Can his ruthless killer instinct and speed offset xao 's extraordinary power and relentless attack ? You 're just a fucking tin man ! I think he knows he 's in for the fight of his life . Xao 's attack appears unstoppable . Chung can 't seem to find the answer . Oh , my ! I 've never seen anyone do this to chung ! Xao is handling him with such ease , it 's mind-boggling . Xao is toying with chung , punishing him . He 's literally tearing the flesh off chung 's cybergenics . That 's it ! Another impressive kill for xao . He moves into the championship tomorrow , and as I check the sianon stock , it is going through the roof . Success in the market and the fact that this tournament has become the most widely watched event in history has to have the sianon people ecstatic . Stepping into the ring , world champion chance o 'brien . And here comes his opponent , Bradford wharton of the zanik toma corporation . The winner of this fight advances into tomorrow 's championship bout against xao of sianon . We 've observed o 'brien and wharton training together all week , and I 'm sure all bets and friendships here are off in this semi-final bout . Both men have a tremendous amount at stake . O 'brien , using a kickboxing tae Kwon do style punched up to power shootfighting , while wharton favors a smoother , softer aikido tamata style . Wharton is the matador , o 'brien the bull . Wharton the flashy showman , o 'brien the blue collar warrior . Oh , my ! O 'brien 's hurt . He 's down ! This could be over . All wharton needs to do is move in and finish o 'brien . But wharton seems to be more preoccupied with playing to the crowd . This could be a giant mistake that wharton may regret . O 'brien is up . Wharton has missed a chance for a quick end to this fight . O 'brien is coming on strong . He seems fully recovered . Oh , my ! Wharton goes down and he 's out . O 'brien wins ! O 'brien wins ! Who would have thought a 100 % human could come this far ? Chance ! Chance ! Now the world will see who the real champion is . So o 'brien advances in a shocker to the championship match against xao . Next time you won 't be so lucky . You had a shot . Why didn 't you take it ? Ah , you beat me fair and square . That 's all there is to it . Someone put acid in my gloves . You son of a bitch ! You promised me chance wouldn 't fight xao . No , I said it was highly unlikely- - Well , forget it . The deal is off . I 'm telling xao what 's going on . - You wanted to see me ? - Yeah , come here . I 've looked for Jo everywhere . Have you seen her ? As a matter of fact , I have . Look . Hurt me and Jo dies . You get to kill chance o 'brien tomorrow . That 's not such a bad thing , is it ? Don 't say anything . I have to . Leave him . You have an important fight tomorrow . Just concentrate on that . Looks like I fucked up again . What the hell ? What 's going on ? It 's tung . He threatened to kill my father if I didn 't help him . Tung promised xao he could have Jo ... He could have Jo if he beat you . - I want to see Jo . - She 's safe for now . You lose to xao today , you get her back . Put up a good fight , the best you 've ever done , but lose . And if I don 't think much of the fight you put up ... Jo dies . Do we understand each other ? So what is it now , Mr. tung ? Gentlemen , tomorrow the sianon corporation will be crowned the greatest bioengineering company in the world . But how can you guarantee success ? How can you be sure xao will not lose heart and match ? Well , it 's true there are many variables in the sporting match . Even with all his perfection , there are weaknesses . And how do you overcome that ? The only true advantage the American has over us ... Is his emotional commitment . We will give xao his own . Mr. tung , if you fuck this up , I will have you gutted . Do you understand my meaning ? What a match-up for the championship . Sianon couldn 't have hoped for a better ending to this incredible tournament . Xao , the sianon representative , has clearly established the superiority of the sianon product line . Here comes xao . He is accompanied by the head of marketing for sianon , tung . Also in xao 's party , o 'brien 's ex-manager , Jo Tobin . And now this is a surprise , liu , Bradford wharton 's assistant . It seems everyone is shifting over to what is appearing to be the winning team . Xao 's transformation from a good fighter to a competitor of this caliber is truly extraordinary . And for it all to come down to beating chance o 'brien , the reigning world champion , the fighter considered one of the greatest of all time and the only 100 % pure human in the tournament . What a story this has become . Chance ! Chance ! The last time these two men met has no bearing on this because xao just isn 't the same fighter he was back then . Don 't make me use the remote , Mr. o 'brien . Don 't forget . It seems some words are being exchanged , but the fighters move out to the center of the ring . There is no love lost between these two , certainly not for the defection of o 'brien 's manager to xao 's camp . This shapes up as a fight with many aspects . It 's cyber versus human , traditional kung fu against high-tech shootfighting , and the past versus the future . And we 're just about ready to get underway . Fight ! Here we go . There 's no holding back . Both fighters are unloading right from the top . Can they keep this up ? Both men are attacking relentlessly , trying to destroy one another as quickly as possible . There seems to be something going on between o 'brien and tung . Oh , my ! O 'brien is destroying xao . He is using his famous sudden strike to rip xao 's cybergenics apart . Damn , liu has pulled a gun ! I don 't know what this means ! Oh , my ! Xao is down . Incredible ! We 'll have to see how xao deals with this . Sianon has to be concerned here . It seems impossible , but xao is down again . Tung is stepping out into the ring . He 's got his gun on o 'brien ! Here comes xao . O 'brien is on tung and knocks out tung . Christ ! Xao has been shot ! Jo is struggling with liu . Oh , my ! What is going on ? This is turning out to be a disaster for sianon . Chance ! Chance !
