 Can you help me ? I 'm looking for a woman who 's - Excuse me - Excuse me . I 'm looking for a dana scully . Was a dana - Sc - Excuse me . I 'm looking for dana scully . Is she a patient here ? Dana scully ? Is-Is there an admitting nurse here ? Look , can somebody help me here ? You 're gonna have to calm down . I will calm down when somebody gives me a reason to calm down ! Now , i 'm looking for a patient that was admitted to the e . R. Dana scully . Yes ! Where is she ? I heard you the first time . I have her in the i . C.U. Where is that ? You 're gonna have to tell me who you are first . Where is she ? Agent mulder ! Where you goin ' ? I.C.U. You 're movin ' pretty good for a dead man . I 'm only half dead . You got a lot to answer for , agent mulder ! You guys hold here . Yes , sir . What happened to her ? She went into hypovolemic shock . She 's lost a lot of blood . Due to what ? Due to what ? She 's dying . Let 's go home . There 's nothing you can do . Let go of me . Get the hell off of me ! Don 't do this ! Don 't make me put you under arrest . Don 't ! i 'm somewhat at a loss here in going forward . This situation developing unexpectedly ... during a formal inquiry into your reported death , agent mulder . The fact of your being here today very much alive , It gives the effect of reshaping this investigation ... into something altogether different , As we 're now put upon to verify the identity ... of this body found in your apartment ... and the circumstances which led to this . Would you care to enlighten us on these circumstances ? Are you suggesting that i can ? agent mulder , We 're here informally to give you the chance to help yourself . Help myself how ? By allowing any facts or details which might serve ... to let us go forward with this inquiry in a more informed manner . That helps you . How does that help me ? agent mulder , this is going to quickly become a murder investigation . Criminal charges are going to be made . we have only one other suspect . She may no longer be able to testify on her own behalf . Agent scully lied to us . Why ? Who 's protecting whom , agent mulder ? your choice is your own , but your failure to answer ... will reflect poorly on the record in a formal inquiry . Are we finished then ? Word of advice , my friend . Keep playin ' it the way you are . Thanks , buddy . Hey , right now , you need a buddy . You need all the help you can get . You should 've mentioned that at the hospital , hauling my ass off . I saved your ass , agent mulder . I 've been withholding forensic evidence about the body found on your apartment floor . Until you showed up last night , i was the one keeping your secret . I had no choice but to bring you in . Scully will verify all of that . That 's a good place to lay it , considering her condition . You want me to lay it where it belongs , agent mulder ? Pathology turned up two gunshot wounds to the dead man in your apartment - One fired point-Blank to the left temple with a handgun , The second a postmortem wound to the face to remove the man 's identity . Now , i 'd be happy to verify the ballistics on that first shot . How can you help me ? Tell me why scully lied for you . The disease she has was given to her ... by somebody connected to the f . B.I. To a mole working here . Who ? I failed to find that out , sir . You don 't want to forget who your friends are , agent mulder - To remember who you can trust . the chairman said , " what are the appropriate limits of human knowledge ? " I don 't think there are any appropriate limits to human knowledge . As long as science is done openly and with free will , Then i don 't think there are any limits . senator kennedy . dr . Vermont , You 've stated that ... the cloning of humans would be ill-Considered ... and technically difficult to accomplish . Can you expand a little bit on what you see ... as the biggest technical obstacle to human cloning - I trust you 've heard . Mulder is alive . As i said , he 's not to be underestimated . Yes , as you said . Though i hear he has you to thank in some part for his new freedom . Using a stolen i . D. , Mulder was able to get inside the advanced research projects facility . And you allowed him to escape . Yes . We 're too vulnerable . Our man in the f . B.I. Is exposed . What mulder may have seen could expose our plans . What mulder 's seen only serves us . It serves to ensure our plans . Mulder 's in trouble . He needs help . We can give it to him . In exchange for ? His new loyalty ... to us . As i 've said all along , Mulder 's much more valuable to us alive . You can proceed now . Mulder , what are you doing here ? Heard you were being moved out of i . C.U. , you were feeling better . Mulder , somebody 's gonna see you here . It 's okay . I 'm officially among the undead . What happened ? I didn 't come here to talk about that . Mulder , don 't try and protect me . I need to know . Well , there 's not much to talk about anyway . I 'm gonna testify to everything i know in front of the f . B.I. Assembly . The conspiracy , the men behind it , what i believe is its purpose . Did you find out who in the f . B.I. Is involved ? No . But that doesn 't matter now . Yes , it does . Hey , scully , how about those yankees , huh ? Mulder , skinner has evidence against you . He knows that you killed that man they found in your apartment . Yeah . Skinner 's withholding it . Mulder , skinner 's dirty . He 's not your friend . I 'm almost certain that he 's the man inside on this . I don 't believe that . If you testify , he will use it to ruin you . No , not skinner . He 's-He 's been in a position to know everything from the beginning , Everything that we 've done over the past four years . If i don 't testify now , they 'll start to bury the truth . Well , then you have to lay it on me . You have to tell them ... that i was the one who killed that man . I can 't - I can 't do that . Yes , you can . Mulder , if i can save you , let me . Let me at least give some meaning to what 's happened to me . Dana ? Hi , fox . Hi , mrs . Scully . - I hope i 'm not interrupting . - No , no , no . I was just on my way out . Hi . I 'm , uh - I 'm fox mulder . I don 't think we 've ever met . I 'm bill scully . I 'm sorry about your sister . Mr. Mulder . Yeah ? I know something about you - About what dana 's been through with you , so ... let 's leave the work away from here , okay ? Let her die with dignity . Please tell me you 're here with severe chest pains . You should be glad for why i 'm here - To pay you some respect . Go to hell . For your cleverness and your resource , What you managed to do for scully . What are you talking about ? Well , breaching the security at the defense department facility , Finding the cure for her disease . What i found was useless . On the contrary . It 's essential to her survival . If you like , we could step outside and i might explain myself . I 'm here tonight as a friend , agent mulder . He promised me it would be in here . i 'll be damned . It never occurred to me what the deionized water might be for . - Who knew it was a microchip we were lookin ' for . - This is a cure for cancer ? - It may be for scully 's . - How ? shortly after she was abducted , She discovered a small metallic chip implanted subcutaneously in her neck . It was just a short time after she had it removed that she developed cancer . - It 's unreal . - Too freakin ' amazing . Watch your language , frohike , and grab me some tweezers . mr . Kritschgau , thank you for being here today ... and for cooperating with this investigation . We hope you can provide information ... that will allow us to make formal charges ... for the murder of defense employee scott ostelhoff . Mr. Kritschgau , We have learned that you were in contact with agents mulder and scully ... just prior to this man 's death . - That 's correct . - And that you may have given them classified information . What motivated this ? My knowledge of government involvement in a conspiracy against the american people . Uh , before - Before we go into any specifics on that subject , I 'd like to ask you a more pointed question . Do you know who killed scott ostelhoff ? No , i don 't . Do you know of any connection between his death and agents mulder or scully ? No . I 'm aware of one death in connection , though . My son , who died early this morning . Mr. Kritschgau , You 're employed by the department of defense , is that correct ? technically . Part of my remuneration has come from another source . A congressional lobbying firm - Something called roush . Roush ? Any idea what that is ? No , sir . This is crazy , just crazy . Well , crazy in what sense ? In that it might save your sister 's life ? You 're not a doctor . You have no place even suggesting this science fiction . It 's not science fiction . He 's never heard of it ! Bill . - Have you ? - No , i haven 't . I think there 's an obvious difference of opinion here . i think ... that everybody here has their heart in the right place . But i need it to be my decision . Dana - I know you 're only looking out for me , bill , But i don 't think you have all the facts . Don 't you think you should listen to your doctor ? Yes . I am . Would she have to stop her conventional treatment ? to be honest , at this point ... the only approach i have left with her particular cancer ... is quite unconventional . I 'd like to try this . You really believe this crap , don 't you ? Yes , i do . You see , she 's your big defender , But i think the truth is she just doesn 't want to disappoint you . If it works , i don 't care what you think she thinks . You 're a real piece of work , you know that , mr . Mulder ? Why is that ? Because i don 't think the way you think ? Because i won 't just sit passively back and watch the family tragedy unfold ? You 're the reason for it . And i 've already lost one sister to this quest you 're on . Now i 'm losing another . Has it been worth it ? I 'll tell you what i mean . Have you found what you 've been looking for ? - No . - No . You know how that makes me feel ? In a way , i think i do . I lost someone very close to me . I lost a sister . I lost my father . All because of this thing i 'm looking for . This what ? Little green aliens ? Yeah . Little green aliens . You 're one sorry son of a bitch . There 's not a lot more to say . One sorry son of a bitch speaking . How 's our patient ? You did find the chip , didn 't you , agent mulder ? Yes . I can imagine there was some question as to its medical value . Well , there still is . And so i have yet to earn your trust , in spite of my gesture . you could say that , yeah . Well , i have something else to offer you . I 've arranged a meeting i think you 'll want to attend , mr . Mulder . Tabasco . It cures anything . I 'll keep that in mind . You know him or somethin ' ? I think that 's my sister . Samantha ? I was afraid i 'd never see you again . He always told me something had happened to you that night . Who ? Who told you that ? My father . I never really knew what happened . I could never put the memories all back together . But as much as i tried to remember , I tried more to forget . Why ? I was eight years old ... and frightened to death . And they told me that i was an orphan . But you call that man your father . Sometime later , I don 't know how long , My foster parents took me to a hotel room ... and said that i was gonna see my father . But you knew who your father was . I thought i knew . But he told me that it had all been a secret , And that he and mom ... hadn 't told anyone to protect the family . And you believed that ? He was so kind to me . And he was the only one i could remember from before what happened . You don 't remember anything about that night ? I remember ... you . I remember something . Men , and - And then nothing . I can help you . You were abducted , samantha . I can help you to remember . I don 't want to , fox . I don 't . Then why come here at all ? My father told me that he 'd found you . You wanted to see me very badly - That you 'd been looking for me for a long time . Is that true ? I 'm so sorry , fox . And i wish that i 'd known how to find you . What you 've been told - I want you to listen to me , okay ? What you 've been told by that man ... may not be true . Why do you say that ? Because the man that brought you here ... has known where i 've been for a very long time . I don 't understand . Why wouldn 't he tell me ? I don 't know . But i think he 's kept a lot of things from you . I don 't believe you . He 's been a good father to me . He 's given me a life , and he cared for me when there was no one else . Then i want you to come with me - Come with me to see mom . - Mom is alive ? - Yes . And i know she 'd like to see you very , very much . - I can 't . - Why not ? This is too much . I didn 't wanna come here at all , fox . I was afraid to see you . I have another life now . I have children of my own . Don 't - No . No , please don 't go . I can 't stay here now . Tell me how i can find you . I need some time . Just-Just tell me where i can find you . Please don 't , fox ! We will do this on your time . Just - Then please - Please let me go . I promise you i 'll think about it . you doing okay ? mmm . Either it 's my head or i 'm a long way from med school , But i can 't remember what you 're injecting me with . Fluro-Deoxyglucose . Deoxyglucose . If you 're making any progress , i 'm hoping it might show up first in a pet scan . You 're not holding your breath , are you ? I 'm going after your cancer as aggressively as i know how , dana . If i can jump-Start your immune system , If i can get your cytolytic cells to recognize your tumor ... as something to attack , then there 's a chance . Have you ever witnessed a miracle , dr . Zuckerman ? I don 't know that i have . But i have seen people make recoveries - Come back from so far gone , i can 't explain it . Isn 't that a miracle ? Maybe they are miracles , But i don 't dare call them that . Thank you . My apologies for the ... rather hasty departure last night . What do you want from me ? Want from you ? You give me these things , the only things i ever wanted , And i can 't think of any reason for you to do so . Well , that 's true . No act is completely selfless . But i 've come today not to - Not to ask but to offer . Offer you the truth that you 've so desperately sought - About the project , about the men who 've conspired to protect it . I know the truth . Do you ? I spoke to one of your men . And you know he 's not a liar ? I 've seen enough to know he 's not a liar , yeah . You 've seen but scant pieces of the whole . What more can you show me ? This man you spoke to , michael kritschgau , He 's deceived you with beautiful lies . He 's told you that everything you 've ever believed ... about the existence of extraterrestrial life is untrue . What are you saying ? As i said , i 'm offering you a chance to know the truth . In exchange for what ? Quit the f . B.I. Come work for me . You can make your problems go away . No deal . After all i 've given you ? What have - What have you given me ? The claim of a cure for scully ? Is she cured ? You show me my sister only to take her right back ? You 've given me nothing . I intend to keep my promises . I just need something from you . You murdered my father . You killed scully 's sister . And if scully dies , i will kill you . I don 't care whose father you are . I will put you down . Well , you 're certainly capable , so i 've been told . I understand you have a hearing tomorrow , Where you 'll have to testify to these murderous impulses of yours . When you reconsider , the offer still stands . dana ? Dr. Zuckerman called . He , uh - He said that you wanted to see me . What is it ? i 'm so sorry . I fight and i fight ... and i fight , But i 've been so stupid . What ? What is it ? I 've come so far in my life on simple faith . And now when i need it the most , i just push it away . I mean , why - Why do i wear this ? Why do i wear this , mom ? I put something that i don 't even know ... or understand under the skin of my neck . I will subject myself to these crazy treatments , And i keep telling myself that i 'm doing everything i can , but it 's a lie . You have not lost your faith , dana . But i have ... in a way . When you asked - When you asked father mccue to dinner ... to minister to my faith , I just closed off to him . What 's important now ... is that you save your energy . I 'm not getting better , mom . You don 't know that yet . The pet scan showed no improvement . I know you 're afraid . I know you 're afraid to tell me , But you have to tell someone . I 'll make a statement right here . Cloning will continue . The human mind will continue to inquire into this . Human cloning will take place , and it 'll take place in my lifetime . I think it 's right and proper that we continue this kind of inquiry . I think it holds untold benefits for human kind . Turn on your television . Are you watching the hearings ? Do you see who 's there ? He 's gathering information for who ? Our colleague was supposed to have fixed the f . B.I. Problem . You will fix it now . Do you understand me ? Then i will fix it for good . agent mulder , will you please take a seat ? Something urgently important has come to the fore . As you 're set to testify on your own behalf later today , I 've received alarming forensic evidence ... from the man 's body found in your apartment . I have here in my hand ballistic data ... matching your service weapon , agent mulder . Where did you get that ? I 'm not at liberty to say . But unless you can offer up someone else who might have fired the kill shot , Everything points to you as this man 's murderer . Are you prepared to give testimony ... you 're not the man who fired the shot ? Why am i here ? The man worked for the department of defense , agent mulder . The man was spying on me . Do you know for whom ? Agent scully ... was prepared to name the man at the f . B.I ... who was involved in this plot against you and her . We believe she was going to name assistant director skinner , Whom we have learned has been working inside the f . B.I. With a secret agenda . I refuse to believe that . We 've accumulated substantial evidence against him . Can you show it to me ? Agent mulder , If you name this man today in your testimony , We can file charges against him , Charges which may very well exonerate you . Name skinner and save myself . That 's what i called you here to recommend . As a friend . I 'll see you at the hearing . Good morning . What are you doing here ? You have a hearing . Yeah . I came by last night , but i didn 't have the heart to wake you . Came by for what ? Mulder , what is it ? I was lost last night . But as i stood here , i thought i 'd found my way . I 've been , uh - I 've been offered a deal , a deal that could save my life in a way . And though i 'd refused the deal earlier , I left here last night with my mind made up to take it . A deal with who ? It doesn 't matter . I 'm not taking the deal . I 'm not taking any deal , Not after what happened this morning . What happened this morning ? Section chief blevins directed me to implicate skinner - To name him as the man inside in the f . B.I ... who may have deceived us both . And if i name him , they 'll protect me . Are you going to name him ? No . Then they 'll prosecute you . Yeah , if they have evidence against me , they know i killed that man . Even with the ballistics evidence , i can still be the shooter . Scully , i can 't let you take the blame ... because of your brother , Because of your mother , And because i couldn 't live with it . To live the lie you have to believe it , Like these men who deceive us ... who gave you this disease . We all have our faith , And mine is in the truth . Then why did you come here ... if you 'd already made up your mind ? Because i knew you 'd ... talk me out of it if i was making a mistake . You 'll be in my prayers . Have the father say a few " hail mulders " for me , okay ? If he 's a no-Show , i 'm gonna ask for a bench warrant . I 'm sorry i 'm late . agent mulder , The assembled members of this review panel ... first convened to address your reported death , Only to find shortly that this report had been a lie - That you were indeed very much alive ... and that the body found in your apartment , believed to be yours , Was a murder victim killed with a weapon ... issued by the f . B.I. And registered to you . Respectfully , sir , i 've come here today to set the record straight ... so that this process you 've begun can be completed , And the guilty parties can be named . Respectfully , sir , i 'd like to ask for a short break . I 'm ... ready to proceed , please , sir . Go on , agent mulder . Four years ago , while working on an assignment outside the f . B.I. Mainstream , I was paired with special agent dana scully , Who i believed was sent to spy on me - To debunk my investigations into the paranormal . That agent scully did not follow these orders ... is a testament to her integrity as an investigator , A scientist and a human being . She has paid dearly for this integrity. agent mulder , Agent scully lied straight-Faced to this panel about your death . She lied because i asked her to . Because i had evidence of a conspiracy - A conspiracy against the american people . We 've already heard testimony to these allegations , agent mulder . And a conspiracy intended to destroy the lives ... of those who would reveal its true purpose ; To conduct experiments on unwitting victims ... to further a secret agenda for someone within the government operating at levels ... without restraint or responsibility , Without morals or conscious . Men who pretend to honor as they deceive . The price of this betrayal - The lives and reputations of those deceived . Agent scully ... is lying in a hospital bed right now diagnosed with terminal cancer . The victim of these same tests , Conducted without her knowledge or consent ... by these same men who , as they try to cover their tracks , Who suborn and persecute the same people they 've used in their plot , I will now call by name . agent mulder , Did you or did you not shoot the man found dead in your apartment ? - I will answer that question . - Did you shoot scott ostelhoff , Employee of the department of defense ? - I will answer that question . - answer the question asked , agent mulder ! I will answer the question after i name the man ! agent mulder - i will answer that question ... after i name the man who is responsible for agent scully . The same man who directed that my apartment be surveilled by the d . O.D. A man i want to see prosecuted for his crimes , Who is sitting in this very room as i speak . Agent mulder , the section chief has asked you a question ! You are going to answer ! - I can 't do that , sir . - You can and you will ! I can 't do that , sir , because the section chief is the man i 'm about to name ! The smoking man 's dead . How ? Shot through his window . Forensics found it at the scene . We 're assuming it 's his blood . Assuming ? Well , no body was found , Though there was too much blood lost for anyone to have survived . This afternoon when you named blevins , How did you know ? I didn 't . I just guessed . Well , it was a hell of a guess . Blevins had been on payroll for four years ... to a biotechnology company called roush , Which is somehow connected to all this . Well , i 'm sure whatever connections there were , they 're being erased right now . They 're cleaning up , taking everything away . Not everything . Scully 's cancer 's gone into remission . That 's unbelievable news . It 's the best news i could have ever heard . What turned it around ? I don 't know . I don 't think we 'll ever know . - Can i see her ? - Yeah . She 's in there with her family right now . But i 'm sure she 'd love to see you .
