 One upon a time , there was a guy ... with the improbable name of Fox Mulder . He started out life happily enough , as these things go . He had parents who loved him , a cute kid sister . He had a roof over his head , got all his flu shots , had all his fingers and toes . And aside from being stuck with the name Fox , which probably taught him how to fight - or not - he pretty much led a normal life . But the worst thing by far - the biggest kick in the slats this kid Fox ever got - was what happened to his sister . One day , she just disappeared . Now , Fox buckled down and worked his butt off . Graduated top of his class at Oxford , then top of his class at the F.B.I. Academy . None of that hard work made up for his sister , though . It was just a way of putting her out of his mind . Finally , the way I figure it , he went out of his mind , and he 's been that way ever since . Fox Mulder pissed away a brilliant career , lost the respect of supervisors and friends ... and now lives his life shaking his fist at the sky ... and muttering about conspiracies to anyone who 'll listen . If you ask me , he 's one step away from pushing a baby carriage ... filled with tin cans down the street . But now , all that 's gonna change . Tell them the truth , you lying son of a bitch ! He 's not me , Scully ! Scully ! Scully , he 's not me ! You hate me now , right ? Dana , I 'm sorry I narc 'd on you to Kersh , but I - I was scared you were gonna lose your job . You did the right thing , Mulder . I did ? I 've been telling you for years you should play more by the book , haven 't I ? Hey , it 's the new me . Hey . Hey , fellas . Take - What about these ? Come on , fellas . You ain 't going nowhere , Mibby . You and me have had our asses officially disappear . Looks like we 're up Fudge Creek . - Who are you ? - Call sign 's Maverick . Not like I 'm gonna be hot-sticking it anytime soon . Are you all right , ma 'am ? Ma 'am ? Kiss my ass , you desk monkey . Oh ! No , no , no , no , no ! Uh , uh - Whew ! I am Tiger Woods . So , what did Kersh say ? He said that I was willful , insubordinate and not a team player . And the F.B.I. didn 't need agents that weren 't team players . What a jerk . Then what ? Two-week suspension without pay . You 're not serious ! Who does he think he is ? See you in two weeks . Dana ? Do you suppose a home-cooked meal might ease the pain a little ? Say , my place , 8 : 00 ? I think she likes me , Tiger . So there I am with this wet-behind-the-ears Rio flying backseat . And I 'm thinking , " Hell , man , I 'm gonna give this cherry the ride of his life . " So I 'm putting the spurs to her , you know ? And I 'm doing a little hassling with my wingman , Buzz Saw . - Buzz Saw - - Would you mind ? - Hold up . Buzz Saw gets on my zero . He 's right on my zero . - And when Buzz Saw gets on your zero , - Maverick ? - he 's like a damn dog tick . - Maverick . You ain 't shaking that son of a gun . Hey , Grandma Top Gun , will you shut the hell up ? You 're my bitch now , pencil-neck . General Wegman wants to see you . Son , you got a set on you . - I 'll say that much . - You had us fooled . Why didn 't you tell us what you were doing from the start ? Meaning ? It 's the wrong one . You replaced the flight data recorder . This one 's from - A scrapped F-111 , sir . It 's junk . You gave the F.B.I. the wrong flight data recorder . Why ? Morry , if you were running a scam on the F.B.I. , why didn 't you let us in on it ? I didn 't know if I could trust you . We have a security leak , gentlemen , and for all I knew it was one of you . That 's why I decided I should approach Agent Scully alone ... to find out who her contact is . Unfortunately , her partner , Agent Mulder , screwed everything up . Why didn 't you tell us this afterward ? I knew you wouldn 't believe it till you figured it out for yourself . So the real flight data recorder is safe ? Oh , yeah . Absolutely . - And you will bring it back ? - Of course ! By God , you do got a set on you . I wish I could say the same about some of your colleagues . About those who proffer rumor and innuendo , those who make dangerous accusations . Sir , Morris 's behavior seemed to - You can explain yourself to the review panel in Washington . I 've already wired them recommending censure for your actions . You 're lucky I didn 't throw you in the stockade . Uh-huh . A little mood lighting for the bedroom . No bedroom . This guy hasn 't been laid in ten years . Hey , Chris . Hey , I like the , uh - the , uh , nose - Ouch ! As if ! . Terry . Buddy . Hey . Terence , sorry . How 's it going ? Mom says she 's taking out a restraining order on you . - What are you doing back ? - Joanne . Your stuff is all outside . Take it and get out . Listen to me . There 's something I 've got to tell you . I 've heard enough from you for one lifetime , Morris . Go tell it to that tramp of yours , that Scully what 's-her-name . Dana Scully . Special Agent Dana Scully . - Special Tramp Dana Scully . - She 's my partner , Joanne . - I 'm supposed to be your partner . - My name is not Morris Fletcher . It 's Fox Mulder , Special Agent Fox Mulder with the F.B.I. Dana Scully is my F.B.I. partner . I 'm not your husband . We are not married . We are complete strangers , and I have a whole other life that I am desperately trying to get back to . You know , Morris , most men , when they have a midlife crisis , they go out and buy themselves a sports car . They don 't run around calling themselves " Fox . " I - I want you to look out the window . Just look out the window with me for a second . See that car down there ? See the two men in it ? They 're surveilling me . They 're spying on me . I don 't know if your husband told you , but he has a very dangerous job , and those two men in that car , like you , think that I 'm him . Only they don 't trust me . So one false move , and I 'm history . This means that your husband will also be history , because I won 't be able to get back and set things the way they 're supposed to be . Do you understand what I 'm saying to you ? Morris , if you don 't like the man you 've become , I don 't blame you one bit . But this flight from reality isn 't the answer . Accept who you are , however repulsive that may be . Perfect timing . Welcome . Wow . Mulder . You like , huh ? Yeah , I thought it was time I stopped living like a frat boy . Come on , see the rest of the place . There . I didn 't even know you had a bedroom . Oh , yeah . Got to have someplace to lounge around , read the Sunday New York Times . Uh , no , that 's okay . Thanks . Seriously , just check it out . Seriously . Oh ! Oh ! Whoop . - Oh ! - Uh-oh . - Mulder ! - Maybe I like to read the New York Times backwards . Do you hate it ? No , I don 't hate it . Well , all right , then . Uh , don 't go away . Let 's get it on Let 's get it on Let 's get it on Tonight is the night You know what would really be fun ? What ? Oh , yeah . - Me first ? - You first . My first time . Now what ? - You 're not Mulder . - What ? - Baby - - " Baby " me and you 'll be peeing through a catheter . Your name is Morris Fletcher . It was Mulder who was arrested in the desert . He was telling the truth about you . Now , how do we get things back to normal ? How should I know ? I wouldn 't do it even if I could . You saw my wife . You think I want to go back to that ? Two kids who 'd probably kill me in my sleep for the insurance money . A $ 400,000 mortgage on a house that just appraised at 226 . And my job - Ye , gods . You think being a man in black is all voodoo mind control ? You should see the paperwork . Are you through ? As far as I 'm concerned , this thing is a gift from heaven . Besides , no one 's gonna believe you , so get used to me being here . Or I just shoot you , baby . I 'm telling you , I have no idea how to change things back ! What about Mulder 's source , the man he was supposed to meet in the desert ? Do you know how to get in touch with him ? I don 't know anything about that . Sorry . You 're out of luck . Hello , hello . I 'm very busy entertaining a special guest . - Leave a message , and I 'll get back to you . Agent Mulder , I 'm trying you one last time . Are you or are you not interested in the classified information I have ? Please pick up the phone if you 're there . - Mulder . - Agent Mulder , listen very carefully . Well , I guess we 've given the neighbors enough to talk about . For God 's sakes , Morris . At first you couldn 't wait to get away from me , and now you won 't leave the house . Where can we go ? - What do you mean ? - You 're right . We should get out of the house , go someplace with a lot of people . Someplace with a lot of people ? - In Rachel , Nevada ? - What do you say ? All right . Let 's run through this one more time . I 'll go in there alone , just like you told me to . He 'll be wearing a blue Buffalo Bills cap . And ? And , if I try and slip out the back door , da-da-da , dee-dee-dee . Get going . Can 't we start over ? You know , do that thing with the handcuffs ? Probably not your scene . I have waited for what seems Like a light-year Just to see your face Once again , my dear Shining bright like moonlight Sunlight , starlight And big , dark eyes that send me out of sight Now , I 'm staring at the stars - Are you expecting someone ? - No , I 'm not expecting someone . Because if you 're here expecting someone and not to buy me a drink , tell me now so I can divorce you and take the house . Joanne , have another white wine . Staring at the stars Wondering where you are You 're the guy ? Sit down . Well , I 'll be damned . Whoa . Uh , ooh , God . That beer went right through me . I got - I 'll be right back . - You sabotaged a U.F.O. ? - Keep your voice down . I didn 't intend for it to crash , Agent Mulder . I just meant to disable the stealth module so you could see it . - Scully . - Mulder ? Is that really you ? What are you doing here ? I 'm trying to figure out a way to help you . Now I 'm staring at the stars - What are you , disgruntled ? - You make me sound like some postal clerk . What you came for is on the floor by your feet . Starlight , star bright Morris ? In my memory you are moonlight Starlight With big , dark eyes that send me Out of sight Now I 'm staring at the stars Wondering where you are Wondering if I 'll ever See your face again Now I 'm staring at the stars Wondering where you are Joanne ? Hey , how 's it going ? Listen , have you seen Morry ? You bet I 've seen him . Hey , hey . Whoa , whoa , guys , guys . - What the hell was that , Morry ? - I guess I make a lousy husband . I 'll talk to her . So you 're the guy that wants my life . I assume that includes all the ass-kickings . Oh , no . You don 't want to do this . - Yeah , I do . - Jeff 's outside . - So what ? - If he sees us together , we 're both dead ! Especially when he sees this . You take that to Scully right now ! You must have some sort of waxy buildup . I said Jeff 's here ! No way am I going out there until he leaves . You sneak it past him . You 're his buddy . His buddy ? He doesn 't trust me as far as he can throw me . You saw to that . Oh , jeez . Hey . As long as the sun would shine You would love me - Jeff . - General Wegman . You men , come with me . Sir , what are we - Uh - There . Detain that man . Morris ! Stop ! Hey , guys . What 's in the bag , Morris ? It 's , uh , beer . You 're sure it 's not a flight data recorder ? No , it 's beer . Suckers . Mmm . More huevos rancheros . Mas huevos rancheros . Por favor . Open up ! Mulder , if I 'd known you were coming , I 'd have made more salsa . - We need your help right now . - Who crashed ? Who , what , why . I need to know everything that 's on that data recorder . It 's similar in size and shape to the F.D.R.s on the SR-71 . That 's definitely not standard issue . - Where did you get this ? - Groom Lake , outside Area 51 . - Dreamland . - The Aurora spy plane . - What 's that ? - Black World . Top , top secret . A skunkworks special . Aurora is a hypersonic reconnaissance aircraft ... fueled with slush hydrogen . Or methylcyclohexane . - What 's with him ? - You guys like the name ? I 'm going to go with either " Aurora " or " Borealis . " - What the hell 's he talking about ? - Mulder - - He 's not Mulder . - Huh ? We think the crash of this particular aircraft - whatever it was - resulted in a , uh - My name is Morris Fletcher . I work inside Area 51 . I assumed Mulder 's identity through a warp in the space-time continuum . Trust me , little man . I ain 't him . Oh , I love you guys . I really do . You 're the Lone Gunmen , aren 't you ? You guys are my heroes . - Look at this crap you print . - We uncover the truth . Oh , the truth . That 's what 's so great about you monkeys . Not only do you believe this horse pucky we create , you broadcast it as well . I mean , look at this . There is no Saddam Hussein . This guy 's name is John Gillnitz . We found him doing dinner theater in Tulsa . Did a mean King and I. Plays good ethnics . You 're trying to say that Saddam Hussein 's a government plant ? I 'm saying I invented the guy . We set him up in ' 79 . He rattles his saber whenever we need a good distraction . If you boys only knew how many of your stories I dreamed up while sitting on the pot . - What stories ? - I 'm sorry , Melvin . That 's classified . The name 's Frohike , you punk-ass . What the hell 'd you do with Mulder ? Shut up , all of you . If you guys want Mulder back , get me these results . - Who is it ? - Morris Fletcher . Come in . We shouldn 't be seen together . Not after last night . Fletcher , Mulder , whoever you are . I 'm hoping this will be our last meeting . Agent Scully 's flying back with the analysis of that flight data recorder . - It 'll be too late to save me . - I know . The real Morris Fletcher knows you 're the leak . Once you get back , if you get back , he 'll have me arrested , disappeared . Even if he doesn 't , his colleagues will figure out soon enough ... I sabotaged that craft . - Why 'd you do it ? - I didn 't mean for it to crash . I just wanted you to see it . Well , why ? There comes a time when you look back ... instead of forward , see the sum of your life . My entire career has been spent hiding the truth from the American people , destroying , in a way , that which was most precious to me . What is the truth ? You mean , you don 't know ? - Don 't know what ? - The truth . What is going on here at Area 51 . What are these black-budget projects ? We just fly these birds . They don 't tell us what makes them go . They engineer them all up in Utah . If you don 't know , why 'd you call me ? I 've seen your file . You 've chased flying saucers for years . Do aliens really exist , Agent Mulder ? - Something 's coming up . - Got it . - What is it ? - We broke the encryption . This baby records the telemetry of 28 systems , including airspeed , fuselage torque and Delta-V . Yeah . All the usual readouts , but what are these ? Tachyon flux , gravitational displacement . Aurora , my ass . What have you guys been flying out there ? I want you guys to analyze that data . - Morris - - This is one of mine . - Get your butt in gear . - You 're gonna miss me when I 'm gone . - Yeah , fat chance , laughing boy . - Back off , Sneezy . Enough . Call me when you guys have some answers . Far out ! The black mailbox . Dude , that 's a white mailbox . No , they painted it white to hide it . This is the black mailbox . The best place to see Freedom Mountain ... and the U.F.O.s over Dreamland , man . I know a guy who saw five in one night . He said they danced in the sky . You guys hear that ? What the hell ? Cool . Did you guys see that ? You don 't look too happy . Don 't tell me I 'm gonna have to put two kids through school . That is you in there , Mulder , isn 't it ? I , uh - I just got off the phone with Frohike . They were able to download and analyze the crash data , and yes , there was an anomalous event that night . And how do I get back ? Well , that 's just it . It 's all about random moments in time , about a series of variables approaching an event horizon . And even if we could recreate that moment , if we could sabotage another craft - Mulder , if we were - if we were off - If the event were off by even one millisecond - I might wind up with my head in a rock . Something like that , yeah . What about him ? I mean me , whatever . Whoever he is . Agent Mulder has become A.D. Kersh 's new golden boy . He 's been tasked with returning the flight data recorder ... that he and I stole . The son of a bitch confesses to Kersh even more than I do to my priest . I 'm just tagging along for the ride . What do you mean , " just tagging along " ? I 'm out of the bureau . - I 've been censured and relieved of my position . - No . You can explain it to them like you explained it to me . You have the data . You can make them understand . You can get your job back . I 'd kiss you if you weren 't so damn ugly . Take a picture . It 'll last longer . If I shoot him , is that murder or suicide ? Neither , if I do it first . Hey , Scully . Stop ! Stop ! Stop , stop , stop , stop ! You got to help me ! You got to help me ! Open the window , please . Open your window . I need to talk to you . I need somebody to help me . It 's this thing - It was like-like a wave , like all squiggly and everything . And - And their faces , they stuck together . And-And her arm , it was coming through his chest ! Sam , man , where you been ? Who 's the dude ? I swear , man , they were messed up . I believe you . So the motel guy wants cash . Won 't take credit card . You believe that ? So then it hits me . I flash him my badge - " Fox Mulder , F.B.I. " I tell him we 're investigating crappy motels in the southwest . He better watch his behind . So guess what ? The guy gives me the room for free and throws in a six-pack of brews to boot . I love this job ! Listen , Dana , after we return this flight recorder , what do you say I have a word with the big man ? See if I can get you yourjob back . We could have lots of fun together once you got to know me . - You know that , Danes ? - I still got my gun . - All right , already . - Wait . Hold on . - Back up . Back up ! - What is it ? Can I help you , ma 'am ? I don 't understand . This place was burnt to the ground . I don 't think so . Yeah . This place , two nights ago . I think I 'd remember that . What 's going on ? - What are you doing here ? - I need to talk to you . Something 's happened . Morris , don 't forget your stupid chair ! You and it should be very happy together ! Terence , get back inside . You got a lot of gall coming back here , sister ! Joanne , I told you , I 'm not your husband . This man is . You come here to watch my family fall apart ? You get a big kick out of that ? I have to talk to you alone . Homewrecker ! - Careful . You 're gonna bust a lung . - Leave me alone ! Joanne , what he said about me being your husband - It 's true . Get the hell off my porch ! We got married on June 13 , 1978 . It rained that day . You got mad at the reception ' cause I said I couldn 't see the cake behind your fat ass . Remember our first apartment ? That dump in Pentagon City ? You 'd turn the air conditioner on and the lights would go out . Or when you were pregnant , how I 'd tickle your kneecaps to make you laugh ? Remember ? Remember the night Chrissy was born ? And I held her in my arms all red-faced and screaming ? That 's the only time I ever saw you cry . Oh , my God . Morris ? Is that you ? Come on , Morris . Let 's go . What do you mean , " go " ? Where are you taking him ? We have reason to believe that whatever event ... caused this to happen may be in the process of reversing . We got to get back to the exact spot where this all began . It may be our only chance . Sorry , Morris . A traitor 's a traitor . - This isn 't what it looks like . - Got it . Sir . - What are you doing ? - I 'm cleaning up a mess . - What are you talking about ? - About an hour ago , I put Captain McDonough and Mrs. Chee back where they belong . - Now it 's their turn . - The warp that started this ... is snapping back like a rubber band . Only we have to be in its path when it happens . Why are you doing this ? Till now , I had a spotless career record . I want that back . So this is time snapping back ? It 'll be like the last few days never happened . You won 't remember any of this . Oh , well , in that case , Dana , it 's been real . Come on , Mulder . Let 's go . - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . I just wanted to let you know that we slipped under Kersh 's radar . Our little field trip to Nevada went unnoticed . - Oh , yeah ? - Mulder , I 'm sorry that your confidential source didn 't pan out . I guess you were right , Scully . Just another crackpot who watches too much Star Trek . - Good night . - Hey , Scully . I , uh , know it 's not your normal life , but thanks for coming out there with me . You 're welcome .
