 I 'll simplify things , Gua . I ask questions and you answer . So it will be . Let 's try again . - Where 's the location ? - Îþi wasting your time ! We 'll see about that . - The location ! - I will not give in so easily ! One is finished , there are nine . Let her go . You will have to do more than that . Wait . I have a better idea . Do you think it will take effect îºi little salt , bitch ? Who said anything about little salt ! Clement . Da , Jordan . It 's time to have fun . Open your mouth ! Damn ! Do it ! Talk or you die ! To me it regardless . I 'm not talking Gua ! Speaks English ! Locaþia ! We need to talk ... Talk or you die ! Northwest quadrant . Naval Base Fort Sidle . At the intersection of Route 67 and Imperial Highway . All right . Send some people to verify location . Start-hour supervision . - I understand . - Tell that Engel we need to upgrade weapons to date . Trash back into the cell . We încãlcaþi own rules . Even the prisoners of war have rights ! You Gua . You do not have any rights . In 1564 , Nostradamus predicted the destruction of the world , 3 waves terrible . The first wave is here . My name is Cade Foster . That 's my story ... They killed my wife , I was blamed for the murder ... Now run but not hide . Profeþia lui Nostradamus mã cãlãuzeºte . O sã-i descopãr ... O sã-i vânez ... A to stop ! Season 03 Episode 02 The first wave Translation and adaptation Grizzly Catrenul 45 , Centuria X. " The man will look twice blessed moºtenitorul . " Its urgent message was sent on the wings of lightning . Way to bring catacombs strategy discussion . Journal will be posted on the internet because I faked death to escape pursuers . Both Gua and how people which affected my every step in the journey . There were me , is Eddie .. A week ago a woman a group called Raven Ginta saved my life . And then he disappeared . Crazy Eddie , a interceptat un e-mail codat . An urgent message sent on the wings of lightning . From this group a trader of illegal chemicals . Who are Ginta Raven ? What I plan to do ? My search for Mabu alien antichrist , continues . I know I need to find him . Can we talk ? - Who you are ? - What you need to know is that I 'm with the FBI . Hands up , please . We înconjuraþi 4 lunetiºti . If I were you , I 'd stay right . What is it ? Beautiful weapon . Ginta is about Raven . You sent an email confirming the purchase of illegal chemicals . Your code encryption can be broken by a child aged 3 years , through a beautiful combination . - Out of the next car ! - You got the wrong guy ! Ginta Raven ! Who are they ? - I have no idea ! - I 'm not lie ! - I want my lawyer ! - It must be harder to talk ! All right . Liniºteºte up , liniºteºte up ! I want some answers . Where are lunetiºtii when you need them . Poth How to explain this ? Sorry , Mabu . Topic 117 is intelligent . Smarter than you , Caine ? We expect to frame-and death . And do not expect to do it using body that was supposed to be mine . With all due respect , have your implant consciousness in a Cade Foster 's clone was not a good thing . Look where you left me , Caine . Your consciousness is too strong for the normal body . Corrode skin and organs in a fast pace . Look for other ways to raise your beings . You allowed Foster to fool us using a book false prophecies of Nostradamus , and feign death to us and to demoralize grades . When all this is over , Caine ? With our defeat ... I assure you , Mabu , defeat is not an option . I do not ensure anything . Nostradamus is the only prophet in the universe ? Are the seventh foreboding . Possess the gift of foresight , that all prevestitorii . In the years since , fifth harbinger predicted the union of two people a union that can lead to our defeat . I am aware of that . Instinct tells me that one of these two people is the subject 117 and the other is a woman . Recently , a woman saved the life of the subject 117 . Maybe she is the one you predicted . Have you identified this woman by name ? - Not yet . Finds it before you get out of your body . - Immediately the time . - How are the troops ? Triºti , neliniºtiþi ... - They do a good service . - You look tired . Thank you for the compliment . You were brave , Jordan . We cheer , we do continue ... Everything comes from you . No , not me . He was strong . So it seems that you and something else in common . We 'll start in half an hour . Okay ? All right . - Freeze ! - Hey , it 's me , Terrence ! - What the hell bail here ? I almost got caught by the FBI , but I managed to get the goods . We explain later . Let 's get into ascunziº . Come on . A guy posing as agent but did not seem professional . You made a great mistake coming here . You could be pursued . What else should I do ? - I did not know that my calls are followed . - Jordan will not be happy . You each have their own stories , their own nightmares about Gua . Find solace in the company of others ' . Therefore we are gathered here to give tribute to our fallen comrade who gave voice our suffering move . Because of this comrade of death are forced to fight stronger , So keep fighting like he wanted . We mourn the death of Cade Foster , twice blessed man . To observe a minute of silence for Cade . Do not move the , or I 'll shot . Who you are ? You know who they are . - E Cade Foster ! - Cade Foster e mort . I faked death . The coroner who examined the body said it 's Foster . - It was a clone made of Gua . - Dissolve bodies . No , and it . From what I can tell you is that was designed specifically to not dissolve . How do we know that you 're not clone ? You gave it to church , when you saved my life . I located an e-mail . I came to know who you are . Letting go . Welcome to Ginta Raven . We are your army . Eddie was turned FBI agent . And I was hiding in the trunk type . - I am embarrassed that it was that easy . - Believe me , it was not that easy . Eddie almost made a comoþie . Mistakes like this can cost lives of everyone here . - Where did you knew that I was in the complex ? - We monitored rooms . We are ready for intruºi but we expect to reach you . What is this place ? Bunker built for the US government in 41 years . All of this struggle against Gua ? Certainly . This is the war room . It 's a fully equipped command center . Each square meter is dedicated to the fight against Gua . Collect information from cooperatives worldwide . Then organize them in the main computer . We reward certain persons suspected of being Gua , $ 100,000 to prove dissolution . I created weapons that we that would be effective against alien forces . Everything here is furnished , ready to be isolated , If we are in danger . - Are you ready for war . - For Armageddon . - How many of you 're here ? - For now , only a few hundred . It 's just that we ascunºi atâþia . Soon we will be thousands , millions ... Where I find on all these people ? There are people who have gone through different experiences in life . People who have been subjected Gua experiments . Or you notice that something is wrong . Your diary and has taken effect , Cade . I managed to gather this army , because you wake up the world to life . They want to fight back . Report on the battlefield . Excuse me . Nice to meet you sir . Foster . My name is Clement . Tell me Baths . Distruºi all know I was when I learned that you died , especially her . Tell me , Clement , where is it ? I do not know , man . Do not talk about it , but it really money ... - It certainly hates Gua . - That 's all you know ? With people like you and she have a chance to win this war . Let 's go . I 'm more information . Max worked at one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the country read afterwards have your diary . Then I realized that my heads were not what they are . - I am honored to know you . - Thank you . 71 % of the population believes that there extratereºtrii . Only 2 % believe truly that is on earth . - I have to work on these issues . - Indeed . This is the main purpose of my research . What you mean , exactly ? Many , such as how to determine who is a Gua , Any luck ? No DNA tests to determine matters of extraterrestrial bodies . They created a biological shield . If you fail to break the shield , then we can separate them from us . Then the fun really begins . Why have not you contacted to know that you are here ? I wanted to have an army sustain you . I was not ready , but we are now . What 's this ? Something workers . Come on . - Hey ! - Hi . - Listen , federalule , I want a lawyer . Why would you want the most miserable human Speth in a time like this ? Let me go , Gua ! Codes your e-mail encryption sites are weak , my friend . - Îþi will bring death . - You will lose . We chase on this planet , nenorociþilor . We 'll see this thing . What you 've done here is amazing . I did this because your logs , inspired me . People just read the logs , but do not buy any underground bunker . - Not everyone . - What you choose to do so ? There can be only my journals . His name was Daniel . It was my brother . It was the subject of the same experiment in which 23 were killed have your wife . God ! It started with hallucinations , as it was and in your case . With many horrible things . I sent the best clinics , the best doctors , anywhere . I was lucky . Hallucinations have worsened . Two years ago came into the living room where my parents ate . All I heard were împuºcãturile . I ran into the living room . He put a gun to his head . You could see the madness in his eyes . Pulled the trigger . The gun was a few inches from my face . And then something went through his eyes . Then I know that I will not do evil . - He turned the gun on him ... - I 'm sorry , Jordan . It seems that they could not destroy it completely . I 've never told anyone this story . Until now . After what happened , I was destroyed . There was no rational explanation for what happened . Then I found have your logs . When I read ... - I knew that I am not alone . - There 're single . Neither do I. Armed yourself ! Alert ! Safety in the third corridor . Keep your head down and your hands up ! Do it ! Escape from the cell . Is anyone hurt ? Fucking almost ripped his arm Billy . Impuºca-code ! Ucide-code ! - Take it to the lab . - Arise ! Stand up ! Our prisoner . We infiltrated the basis of Crestline basing your diary and I captured . - E alien ? - Gua are strong , but there are plenty of weapons surrendered . You need to talk to him . Eddie and I are looking for an alien named Mabu . Mabuse ? It 's the third antichrist predicted by Nostradamus . They sent him here to lead the second wave . It was the conscience of the world that you wanted to go to church . So , I left the Mabu free ? Yes , but can Gua prisoner has information . He 's been here a few weeks . There never mentioned about Mabu . - Maybe we can query again . - I have a better idea . In the last four months we have experienced neurotropic gas called Sarin . Sarin is 26 times more lethal for men than cyanide . But the effect on extratereºtrilor , it 's not fatal . Until we joined Max . I managed to alternate base composition the mixture Sarin . We 're not sure , but I think gas ... Isolated DNA triple helix genetic body created ... - And cause decomposition . - Kill Gua . Exactly . And if we can do to Kill Gua , we can to make it not be fatal to humans . A weapon that can kill Gua and not men ? Not quite , but close . Hai sã-i arãtãm . We can win ! Deja al câºtigat . Fan it . - Hey , what are you doing ? - Let her go . Hey , wait a little ! Will you run ? We need him alive . I want him dead . This e ? Jordan , if you kill them without reason , we are better than them . They started it , Cade . We will end . - We have made progress , Mabu . - I am interested in the results . We have the woman location Search Topic 117 . Your source is reliable ? I used the traditional method of persuasion . They failed . So I had to do it my way . Get to the point , Caine . Our source admitted that there is a woman which will seek to form an alliance with Cade Foster . - Where is this woman ? - In the state of Ohio . Apparently , Foster found it already . I want you to lead a team . Not leaving anything behind that could - Fulfill prophecy . - Yes , Mabu . Useful information can be extracted from a prisoner ? I would say that it is finished . I have some information about Jordan yours . If it is Jordan Radcliffe , then we have a winner . Poth be clearer , Eddie ? Ai auzit de The Rockefellers ? JP Morgan ? Andrew Carnegie ? Her grandfather has funded the aceºti guys . Railways , oil ... Motorways and more . It was a capitalist of 1800 That is , they dynasty Print money as if they exit trend . What about it ? Education at the best schools , inherited family fortune after her deceased parents and brother . What else ? The single , isteaþã and after that I have a picture here it 's very nice . We talk about our most powerful ally so far . Not far surpasses Eddie . This este ? 20 minutes ago I saw a prisoner Gua gassed . - Does prisoners Gua ? - They have . Oh , man ! They are imprisoned in an underground bunker with soldiers ... - What would die in order . - What do you mean ? Crezi cã e cã * Wacko From Waco * ... Hard to say . - Let 's just say that has not forgotten its past . - Same and you . I want to say that revenge is sometimes the only reason , which sometimes become responsible for the lives of others . I do not think he ready to lead an army . Foster ? Foster , ce s-a întâmplat ? I 'll call you later , Eddie . You need to clarify something . It could be a ventilaþii system that I could use . - You will need to send an avant-garde . - Look , Jordan . - I 'm busy , Foster . - You will have to waiting for . - No , I will wait . What I said was tough . Thi I hurt your feelings . My feelings are not hurt . ' re Not what I thought I 're . What 's that supposed to mean ? Cade Foster I thought I know it would not have sympathy for Gua . I have . But wishing him too much îþi bedevil decision . - How much ? - I mean ... - you love to have your enemy ? Fuck that . Thi killed wife , for God 's sake ! You should be one of the people who want to see them suffer . - Hey , friends , listen ... - Shut up ! I can not bring back what you have lost and no you can not . Making them suffer not our goal , but to send them away from here . Foster attack them . We will respond , as write in their journals . Where exactly they attack ? We use a combination of Sarin in Fort Sidle , the hydroelectric network Gua in Runnymede and military aviation based on Atkins . If you launch an attack , you will not believe that Gua that as a reason to launch an invasion ? I understand . You love beat and run tactics . - Thi 's afraid to face-n înfrunþi face . - That 's bullshit and you know well . I 'll do , Foster . With or without you . - Later on . - I am - What is it ? - As your lieutenant , I would like to discuss . - Okay . I learned a lot about leadership from you over the past 5 months . Skip linguºire Clement . What 's the point ? I want to see this . That 's what I had before he came here . His words , warnings , calling him to act . Now we have it . Indeed it 's different than what you expected . - Even so bad is it ? - I do not want to fight ? He does not want to fight our way . We worked on defensive strategies months . We had two imperatives : Gua kill and attract public attention . Is there something wrong with that ? It is ? I think he knows what it 's like Gua lupþi against the rage . Maybe now he wants to do it in another case , maybe you pray and you may find yourself another question . Operations . You should check them out . Here you go . For six months I know Cade Foster in this book . Now it 's here . I do not have . I looked over your battle plans . Are made carefully , intelligently . - But do not agree with the action . - How could you not trust us ? - Who said that I did not ? - A second verification say that . I have not ever asked . We would not be here if I did . - It is anger , Clement . - You 're not ? - Of course you are . You 're a leader , Mr. Foster , a good leader . And it 's so . If you ask me , I would say that war needs both . - Damn ! - What ? - I discovered that we were pursued email exchange Our type out , but the email was hacked 2 times . - You said that you broke once . - So it is . Not even need to have your worry about our attack at Fort Sidle . What ? We shall not attack , they attack us . Search for the entry . Cameras were detected close to enemy troops . Located 3 km from the first entry and come straight towards us . In the worst case , suppose we know the location , Suppose I am Gua . Jordan has triggered alarm code red . We send a team of six people to slow them down . The rest take care of security stations and get ready upload files and transport equipment . From the assault team will do part : I , Jordan , Gregory , Jackie , Fill and ... And I. I thought that 're the person who refuses to do military work . Strategic objectives which ignores the consequences . This is a self-defense maneuvers . Sorry , assault team is trained for such situations . His team has experience with him as leader , Cain ? Behaves as if it would be responsible . But I fought him before . I know his methods . Let him go , Jordan . We have a strict hierarchy in order . Not interested in input are interested in victory . All right . Foster will join the team . Intruºii will reach zero in 20 minutes . If the first team assault fails , we will send Team 2 and 3 . Good luck to all . That 's when we prepared for months . I have great confidence in each of you . Maybe a few words from Mr Foster would be helpful at this time . We all are united in a common goal . To defeat enemy invaded us and wants to destroy us . Can be different our way of thinking about how we can achieve the goal . But our position sends a message enemy , message that We will not surrender . That 's all I have to say . Let 's tanned their asses . 6 cans of Sarin , grenade , automatic weapons and ammunition will have many . - What 's the plan with Sarin ? - To draw them in and to the caterpillar . Mitralierele ? In the event that you have to do work in the old style . Good . - Jordan ? - Yes . - Glad there Ginta Raven . Thank you . Baths , look , you have every right to have your opinion about fighting Gua . You acquired it . Have you ever thought what would you do now if it was not this war ? I try not to think about it . I would have wanted me to know you before all this , Jordan . - Before you take to get your brother . - Hoth and debutant . I 've always been attracted to boys wicked . Let 's go ! Adãpostiþi-va ! E o Capcana ! - Back ! Withdrawal ! - Do not let him escape ! Aduceþi gas ! Aduceþi gas . Da mi-o noodles . Go , now ! Clement . Clement was a soldier and our friend . We will mourn the death , but his noble sacrifice will only strengthen determination to fight hard . Farewell Clement . Jordan ? M-ai dezamãgit . Temporarily , we sent a team of acoliþi back with heavy artillery . Your mission was to remove the subject 117 and a woman . I expect not to have an army , Mabu . My prophecy , maybe you do . Foster will work with this woman . And you have allowed the destruction of our race . The files are packed and factory is closed . We will be who left long until they return Gua . - Do not stop until you will find . - I know . - Where will you go ? - We 'll find another place , we will rebuild . - Even hurt us today . - And her new . Hopefully we say just after the real war begins . Cade , what will you do ? Eddie is on Route 6 , I am going to meet . - Take care of yourself . - And you . The scars left after experiments Gua I remained deep for me and for others . Who are the allies noºtrii in dark times we expected . Sometimes there are those you 'd expect . Today I met an army that I searched a long time And a brave woman that leads . To fight that we expect will be needed courage And leadership ability on all fronts . Usually victims innocence in my struggles with Gua , but now we have soldiers , and where soldiers must follow a war . Translation and adaptation Grizzly
