 Spirit of fire warms me , Purify me and give me light . My Creator ... guide me holy ways . Mother Earth , protect me and heal my spirit , mind and soul . Please accept this tobacco . You 're not wanted here , Alex . - I was worried about you . - You know that bother me . You have not eaten for four days . Leave me . I know you 're in search of answers , Lonetree . But starving yourself is not a solution . What 's the progress ? To get as whites ? Remember , no pact with the devil . I hope you see the Spirit , but not inside the ambulance . GUA In 1564 , Nostradamus predicted the destruction of the world , 3 waves terrible . The first wave is here . My name is Cade Foster . That 's my story ... They killed my wife , I was accused of murder ... Now run but not hide . Nostradamus Prophecy guides me . I 'll find ... I 'll hunt ... I 'll stop ! Season 02 Episode 07 The first wave Translation and adaptation Florin ( c ) thin Catrenul 43 , Centuria IX ... " In the forests Winch , a flame lit cimmis suffering , Elders set a course , the wrong choice will bring suffering . " I do not know what cimmis , but can Nostradamus spoke of the winch . A small tribe with a proud history . It is said that gambling addictions are the worst . The allure of gambling that takes your appetite slowly gains and addictive . This is the " flame of suffering " that speaks Nostradamus ? If so , can already flames spread . Winch Tribal Council , is about to vote expansion of casinos all over the reserve . Elders council have taken an important decision for the tribe . It 's time to place your chips ... Stop or continue our 13 ? ContinuÄƒ . 21 ... Good choice . 20 ? 20 ? The croupier has three ... 13 ... too much . I 'm game . - It 's a lot of action here . - We go well . It works better if the law passes . Immediately they would build 15 casinos . That means jobs , brother . I suppose it will be bad parts . Yes , yes . Betting fever , increased crime ... - And more ... - And do not worry you ? Man , I went from physical work paid $ 3.25 per hour ... At $ 60,000 per year and air conditioning at the casino . I see no negative side . - How 's this vote ? - The Council consists of six members . Each Party shall elect two representatives from the other side and start voting . - Lonetree , will have the final vote . - Who is Lonetree ? One of them board members against this proposal . - It 's against gambling ? - Believe that the white man 's back . It has great influence among other elders , because a good lawyer . It exposed the government and regained fraud ownership of nearly one million acres . - Impressive . - It 's a dinosaur , man . Here it 's not red or white , it 's green . Do you know where I can find this gentleman ... Lonetree ? If not in the forest spirits , then it 's probably at his home in the meadow . You can not miss . - Thank you . May waive old . - Sure , buddy . They all say that . Dl Lone Tree ? Yes I 'm . My name is Todd Kowalski . Can I ask you a few questions ? I Cronicles Gaming . Since the vote in the afternoon , hopefully ... Let me share some opinions . - Who are you ? - Todd Kowalski . One of his partners Alex ? - I do not know what you mean . - Do not play with me , boy . - There are a lot smarter than you think . - I think you 're wrong , I 'm a journalist . Okay , you want to hear my opinion ? The proposal provides for financing the construction of 90 large and small casinos in the next 10 years . The location of these casinos is fixed in the center of rural communities . Will increase the crime rate , suicide and addiction . This happened in reserve that when I started gambling . - Some believe that economic development ... - What people ? People like you ? What do you mean ? Alex sent you , right ? To convince me before the vote . Like the others . Are you a representative of corporate casinos , eh ? You certainly are behind this proposal . - Do not know any Alex . - Get out of here . What is man ? Have you seen this guy ? - Who wants to know ? - I. I swear I have not seen before . The security guard said he stayed at your table . I did not remind everyone to share their books . You said something that seemed interested ? Well , put questions about a tribal council member , Lonetree . That 's all I know . Then you will not get anything . Mr. Lonetree you mentioned . I think you are suitable for the article . I appreciate the opinion of Mr. Lonetree , but his methods are a little strange . How so ? It filled people fear and superstitions . Lonetree believe that gambling demonize , spirituality , connection with our past and tradition . There will be some who will say yes ? Nobody respects tribal tradition more than me . We organized a committee that built this place . It is spring , our ancestors used to defend the village against cavalry attacks . I recovered and restored with funds from the casino . Lonetree not want to admit that progress will not necessarily destroy spirituality . Let me tell you what did this little casino for this community . Museums , nurseries , educational programs and more importantly , jobs . - We can work with pride . - You have a very convincing argument . I have not embraced innovations The technological revolution that eludes us . - So the answer is " gambling " . - It 's one of the answers . Is there any truth in the statement of Mr. Lonetree , that work against their interests ? - He told the legend that the white man is bad ? - View ... They are those who say that only indigenous to these casinos without any partnership with whites . They say that the white man has destroyed our culture and to some extent they 're right . But ... Whatever may have happened in the past should not determine our future . We must look to the 21st century . We are all brothers on this planet . Thank you for coming . Yes , it 's Mr. " clean " . Alex moved 7 years ago in reserve Winch . It is not clear what he did before . He 's the guy who initiated the petition for casinos . - So , did it for money ? - He did a lot for the community . Get a salary only 30,000 per year . Make charitable donations , led care program for children ... - I do not trust this guy . - Something does not fit . Gambling , looks nice on paper , but do not go with the pile of social problems . Digging further , please . See if you can find a gap . - You think it 's Gua ? - It 's hard to say . - Eddie , why breathing so hard ? - Raise dumbbells , man . I 'm a little confused , Foster ? What do you think is going on here ? Think Gua will vote to establish , through a kind of experiment with gambling ? I do not want to speculate until they know something more , but quatrain tells us cimmis . - You find a definition for this ? - Yes , yes . Cimmis is a term used by Chinook tribe , the Pacific Northwest . Hear this , cimmis is a supernatural spirit , which empowers a tribe and good health . Supernatural ? Meaning aliens ? Maybe Nostradamus refers to Alex . - What ? - E-mail from my friend ! Do you have a girlfriend ? I 'm jealous . Let 's call regular email . A Marriane know from high school . Adore how well the geometry , trigonometry , algebra ... This romantic ... - Back to you , Eddie . Where are you ? - At km 20 on Route 6 . See you soon . - He is . - I checked the FBI database . - He 's wanted for murder . - I knew not wrong guy . - His real name is Cade Foster . - You did a good job . - I do my job . - Cade Foster ? That name , sounds familiar . It should work with Gua command . I do not want them involved . We can handle alone . Maybe you 're right . Contact them after our goal . Exact . - What are you doing here ? - Maybe he wants to rob a casino . The database FBI says he was a thief top in Chicago . You think it 's here to rob the casino ? Maybe . Whatever he does here , you must remove it . We do not want to draw attention before the start of voting . Let me send some people to scare him . You will receive a beating , which will never forget . - Okay , I 'll let you do . - It 's not goodbye ? - Not here . - Why not ? - It 's too public . - It 's more fun . I wish . - If they are , they will kill us . - There will be . - Hey man , can you help me ? - What is the problem ? I hit my leg . - What happened ? - They say that they were attacked by a spirit ? This spirit ? - How the hell should I know ? - I return , I 'll check that . Cedar oil , fresh herbs , white oak , dandelion . Indian cabbage root . - To increase appetite ? - For bruises . I would appreciate if you remain silent . - Thank you for receiving me . - I did it for you ... I 'm trying to figure out what kind of game you play . I know it sounds crazy , but two guys attacked me . And when the job became ugly ... I saved a wolf . I saw a woman floating above the ground . A beautiful native woman . - It is not possible . - I know what I saw . You may have heard one of our legends . What you describe , it 's Forests woman . - Saying that protected you , it 's blasphemy . - Listen , I did not mean to insult you . The fact that I see you , insult me , Mr. Kowalski ! What game play ? I 'm here to investigate a particular group of people , who are interested in the outcome of your vote I think Alex is one of them . Let me tell you a story . When we presented at trial , the lawyers were very excited when they saw my disability . They believed that if their sport , I will take the crumbs from their table . - Same thing I saw you . - I do not play any games . Why always when I see a white face , see what is behind the mask ? Your nature is to take and that does not change over time ! I cleaned the wounds . Are those doors . It is easier if you pull the handle open . Why did you come after me , Lonetree ? Just to do a good deed ? It was a coincidence . I was walking . We have a common goal . Let 's find out who 's behind Alex and who is pulling the strings . I do not know what you think , but my instinct tells me that playing dirty . We have a specialized search engine for police data . Are you game for months . Someone put a bounty on your head better . Great . Any idea who ? No , it 's just a post office box address . Maybe they 're mercenaries after you . Reserve no longer safe . Get out of there . I do not think that they were mercenaries , Eddie . They were locals and the wolf that appears out of nowhere ... He saved my life , was a kind of hallucination . She was a woman ... Appearances are common in indigenous cultures . They are usually caused by abstinence , or hallucinogenic herbs . I think a blow to the head can cause this effect . - I have to go , Eddie . - Foster , wait a minute ... F ... Foster ! You 've changed your mind , or is it another coincidence ? I 'm listening . Hopefully you have something to tell me . I feel like an idiot ! Knowing me here at midday . It 's called surveillance . A great leader once said ... the white man 's very skilled in the art păcălelii . Not once finished ? - Why did not you tell me the spirit of the woman ? - Why ? Because I 'm curious . A young native , was captured in 1868 by the American cavalry . The entire village was massacred . All men , women and children . Her name was Mahay . He was the only survivor . He knew that the next village was where the cavalry headed . So he ran 10 km to warn them . It is said that had the power to communicate with the wolves . When the cavalry arrived , they were attacked a large pack and the village was saved . - What is ? - How should I know ? Shut up ! - Hiding something ? - What ? Let 's see . Yes , I know . Whites are masters in the art of breaking penetration . Why not pull the handle ? - Hurry ? - Quiet ! You know what ? I am teaching my people . This is 7 years ago have been stolen . 7 years ago ? Not when he joined Alex , this tribe ? Yes , said he was just passing and then never left . These symbols were drawn , the great chief of the winch , 300 years ago . These symbols contain prayers needed for invoking the spirit . - Why Alex stole them ? - I do not know . - Alex must face . - We must make a plan . You were talking about a group of people who are interested in voting . Who is this group ? - No time now . - It 's a corporation ? We 'll talk about it later . First you need to make a call . If ! Do not think you 're the only one who saw the bounty on my head , Eddie . 1.80 Does height , brown hair open around 40 years , seems to be a cop . - Not enough clues . - I know , Eddie . But I hunt and try to plant some false traces . Hey , I did not expect to see you here . - You 're a disgrace ! - Let 's talk in my office . We 're talking right here ! - Why did you send that man to me ? - What man ? Who do you mean ? - Why did you steal those scrolls ? - I do not know what you mean . Mincinosule ! Let 's be gentlemen and talk in private . - Who we 've sold , Alex ? - Calm down ! Tod Kowalski was right . You are wrong . Tod Kowalski ? Journalist ? His real name is Cade Foster . He killed his wife and a bunch of people . - It 's a first-class criminal . - I do not believe you . It 's true . You were deceived by the white man . If you want to see posters with him show you . We scrolls , Alex . When you show them the board , Your proposal will be rejected . - Bad news ... - Perfect . Cade Foster is known acolyte command . He issued orders to capture and dissection . No time for that , motherfucker found scrolls . How you found ? - I do not know . - To keep them hidden , community was vital for harmony between us . Yes , and Lonetree , can destroy harmony . The scrolls have a power that still do not understand . It is imperative to continue research . We will recover , and we will take care of Lonetree and Foster . Lack of Lonetree , will be observed . We have no choice . No need to leave the board to bring charges . Do not worry . I find the scrolls . And I will take care of the two . - Get out of here . - I need to speak with you . - You 're a criminal . - No , I 'm not . In my life , I 've killed a human being . Come on , Lonetree . Why would protect your spirit ? Do not do it . You had hallucinations , or you were stoned , how the hell do I know . - You know , otherwise how did you know to save me ? - Our Spirit does not help whites . - I warned sorry , that 's you . - I 'm not your enemy . You will always be my enemy . I never believed in spirits . Not those that use wolves to attack . But I did not believe in aliens . - Aliens ! ? - That 's actually Alex . It 's a mission of exploration on another planet . You drugged . You are so blinded by hate , that do not see what 's under your nose ! Spirit is trying to warn your tribe again . If you do not do anything about it , I 'll find someone who will . You are crazy . Stay fucking away from me . You 're making a big mistake ! Paved the way for an invasion . Aliens are your enemies . GUA ! - I do not know if you reach this , Eddie . - Okay , relax . Easy . Listen , I 'm looking for a way out map . - Where are you ? - I left the house of Lonetree . We went east through the forest , about 1.5 km . This guy knows what , Eddie . I do not know if I can lose . You must get out of this place . Wait , dude . Go southwest until you reach the river . Do not go east , is a dead end . All right . - Where are we going ? - You will find out soon . Who do you work ? For someone willing to pay a lot for you . - You work for Gua ? - Not your business who I work for . - As you give , I give you more . - Then you 'll have to rob Fort Knox . You will better live than dead . But I will teach anyway . Go . Get in . Do not climb until you tell me where we 're going . I 'm telling you for the last time , get in . Throw it ! Spread your legs ! What have we here ? Hold him , his leg . Dave McGuire . N-am chef glume , Dave McGuire . Cine te-a trimis ? - I uncover customers . - Maybe it 's time for a change . Do what you gotta do . Who are GUA ? It 's bad for you warned your spirit . It 's the race that wants to exterminate us . Not only locals , but all of us . They know that the spiritual power that you have , we all have , it 's a dangerous weapon . And want to destroy it . That 's why Alex , started a business with a casino here . They know that gambling and other vices that keep us away from power . It is an unbreakable bond between us and all that . So is hatred between races . If you miss the board vote , it will convince Alex 's honey . - You can not go there alone . - I do not need protection . Believe me , we need both protection . Gua are strong . My body comes from the dust , and the spirit within us . Without spirit are nothing . Perhaps to help . Mahay , we ask four things . Fear that we should not underestimate opponents . Knowledge to fight successfully . The belief that our struggle is correct . And mercy , to put ourselves in the position of our enemies . Water is the first drug . We must purify our bodies , mind and soul . Many things are associated with us . Interfere with our ability to relate to ancestors . We need to clean it . It is the fire that burns forever . The flame will purify him . Great Spirit , give me the strength to be strong enough to be weak . Give me the courage to stand up and do not leave me . Clear Vision to see where they come from ... And guidance to help me to know where to go . What the hell was that ? Good news , though . To conclude , profits , employment , services growth will contribute to the good of our community . That 's why I ask you to say yes to this proposal . Since Lonetree , not here for speech can anyone want to keep place . Then I guess we have to go straight to the vote . All those in favor , raise your hand . Wait ! - You must be obeyed . - Voting has already begun . There are elders council , have the right to speak . What have kept so many years , our nation united , against destroyers and thieves territories were our legends , our traditions and our spirit . Want to give up everything for the money and the promise of progress ... Gambling is opium , not only for us but for the whole world . How can you talk like that ? Profits funded schools , museums and medical centers . Formerly white man , used whiskey to calm our spirits anger . Today gun occupation took shape , a deck of cards . You talk about inheritance of the tribe and evil white man , and he stands there with you , shoulder to shoulder . What 's your game , Lonetree ? Who do you ally ? With someone who sees who you really are . These rolls are a guide to our heritage . When we were taken 7 years ago , there was a great void . I found these scrolls , Alex , based on the totem . I want to say a prayer of these scrolls , was given by Mahay . The spirit that saved our village . " I ask for compassion white man . Give them wisdom and knowledge . Have you seen the white man for years , trying to destroy my people . Teach humility . Because they are our brothers . " I know the truth about gambling , and he sent me the truth about you . Humbly ask you to vote against this proposal . Who is against gambling ? At least it will not build a casino . You helped Foster . I will not forget . He showed me ... You showed us the evil of all . We fight together . I 'm glad we 're on the same side . I agree . So I would like to join me in the greatest sacred ritual . I would be honored . Once again I came to see that the spiritual human existence is the most powerful weapon . I think they Gua know why I 'm scared . It 's your turn . Our spirituality is something that I hope will not understand . But if we allow hatred to enter the soul , This will disrupt our spiritual world . Lonetree , realized this at the last minute . I am ashamed of our past barbarism and injustices that we have made in the struggle for domination . We all have responsibility for the painful past ... And what will happen in the future . Translation and adaptation Florin ( c ) thin
