 In each calendar year must communicate our findings and promoting our actions . Among the three divisions Gua : empiriciştii , henchmen and osmosiştii . This year infiltration activity reached the highest level of success . From Romania to the UK . From South Africa to America . Over the years we have initiated hundreds of experiments . Each directed in every area of ​ ​ human life . Your work has made this possible . You are the elite . Vanguard our army . An army that works every day for the great invasion . I have the honor to announce the visit of one of the best leaders who came to offer their support staff for our future efforts . Commander Conquest alien agenda , Gua vice commander , Minister . These are dark days . My visit is death to anyone who stops subjugation of the planet . In 1564 Nostradamus predicted the destruction of the world in three waves terrible . The first wave is here . My name is Cade Foster , and these are my stories . They killed my wife , and I was accused of murder . Now I 'm on the run , but not hide . Guided by the prophecies of Nostradamus , I 'm looking for , I hunt . I will stop , Translation and adaptation of the first wave AdyC I agree with your actions , Minister . It was inappropriate . And yet you did nothing before I came . As head of acolytes , I 'm interested in military operations . They did not involve personal decisions outside my jurisdiction . - Evaluate the results of your jurisdiction . - Best of all three divisions . We infiltrated into several branches of human army . In 23 countries . We also conducted numerous preliminary military . - In your opinion are ready to launch a large-scale attack . - Yes . - And you said and think of others ? - Answer the question . - Only colleagues , Minister . Your opinion has reached our ears , Gregory . It is rumored that favor an immediate invasion , to completely annihilate the human race . Not true , Minister . It is true that the Gua Ã ® ndoit you think has the wisdom to be precautÄƒ prior to launch a massive invasion and expensive ? No . Of course not . Well , it would be wrong to call you a traitor because you opened your mouth . Just talk about some strategic questions . I did not want my words to be taken seriously . Gua is my sworn devotion . What security precautions you took to my arrival ? Acolyte Guard takes care of your protection - Who 's in charge ? - Morgan . Unacceptable . It storm , Gregory ... We loyalty spread quickly in these ranks . - But Mr. Minister , that would complicate ... - What ? Of course . Who do you like ? On it . Joshua ? Da . Tell me Joshua , the last meeting of the Council why did you vote against launching an attack ? - I do not think explorers work is done . - We 're here for decades . Our life is as of 1000 human years . Decades do not matter . We have not done that investigated these beings . Another species difficult to understand . With all due respect , Mr. Minister . Remember fundamental strategies taught by top leaders Gua . Do not know your enemy is completely like driving blindfolded . You question the current leadership capability Gua human to defeat this army ? Da . - Then you are a human sympathizer . - No . - Only urge caution . - We can try in their own blood . Recommendations like yours have subsided views Gua leaders . Invasion Earth , home is the political minefield . Some will do it , others want to withdraw troops . There are two sides to everything , Mr. Minister . Glad you 're on our side . You have a very promising future here on Earth , Joshua . Thank you ! Now ... Do not worry about cleaning it has to do with you . - I do not think it 's necessary cleaning , sir . - You 're wrong . We carefully evaluate all discoveries each division . Acolytes , empiricist and osmosiştii . I find sympathizers people and those who criticize our strategies . Then thou shalt kill . Division empiricist looking to study all sides of human behavior , from a scientific point of view . After hundreds of experiments it seems that sexual desire , is perhaps the most human character exploitable facade . It allowed our invasion forces to infiltrate among them , without the difficulties that I thought I would have . I took attractive faces and our people have fallen prey to beauty , without realizing the danger present . What else you got ? Our experiments have found a race , driven by greed and glorification . The weak are enslaved by the powerful ... Drugs and elixirs are used to ward off problems . Everyone is concerned about his needs , not the needs of the community . And what is your conclusion ? The weakness of humanity throughout history , the cause of its collapse . We are in position to help clear . These findings contradict your previous work . Tests on the native population are not an exact science , Minister . I meant strictly psychological studies of your discoveries . ... Those are your words . The human race is more complex than I originally thought . Although capable of defeating the cruelest acts , are also able the most altruistic behavior . And that makes them a difficult target to be conquered . I have based its analysis on the test results , which later were found to be non reliable . - I do not believe you . - Check the findings . You 'll see what I wrote in the last report . What follow ... Who changed your findings ? - I have changed them . - You 're lying ! Minister , please . Each division should be evaluated carefully . Carefully ! Those were your words Osmosis unit is dedicated infiltration institutions in order to replace people spies loyal and put in the service of Gua . As demonstrated . Clones that you have created are sex bomb Human Target able to bring our side . Using human weakness for sex , is the primary method of infiltration . We exceeded the expectations animal . Rooms Senate , over 500 companies , banks , universities , finance and politics ... Even in fashion and food distribution . Now people can be compromised by our spies . And now , the latest success of our ... As you know , genetics created us human clones that we store our consciousness here on Earth . Each Gua who comes to Earth , will unburden one of the human forms . - A very good job . - Thank you Mr. Minister . But these are any clones . - How so ? Normal clones containing a small part of our DNA , too low to be detected in the medical intervention . That gave them certain powers , which proved useful . Now that we are sure of invasion , I created clones with more of our DNA . But not identified by people ? Therefore will only be used in certain cases . You said you were more in our DNA . How does that help ? By mobility , strength and majority by unusual physical strength . I 'll arrange a demonstration this afternoon . Impressive , Alicia ! Thank you ! - We can discuss anything in particular ? - Of course ! Heard sexual infiltration caused problems in our ranks . A small percentage of our agencies , became devoted to human sexual game . - I executed immediately , of course . - For what ? Because human sex is nice . That 's why we will not accept . Only achieve the objectives . The pleasure of sex is a topic much discussed human home . It is expected , how painful is our natural fit . What to answer Gua , when you ask me a detailed explanation ? Maybe you could use a private demonstration . - Tonight , in my room . - Yes , Minister . Joshua , leave . I 'll be in my room reading reports . I 'll leave some guards to guard the door . Tomorrow , I 'm a preliminary list of unwanted persons . Then we can begin executions . All are very scared , Joshua . It is very severe . I certainly would be killed unless you intervene . - You 're lucky . - I understand what is happening . There are problems at home . We had 18 leaders from the first Gua . And this is by far the worst . Opposition to the mission grew , so leaders sent their minister to sacrifice the unwanted . As a result of that , Gua seem to be active in control . - Forgive me . - Watch what you say , Trent . Not all of you are old friends . Words are dangerous . And Gua , you 're an old friend . We did a lot together . - Lives occupied . - There are young . Those days are taken much . But I remember that on some dreams . - I was going up the hill . - Debates , Joshua . - Do you remember the debates ? - Madek 's philosophy . We gave much importance . Today kill you if discusses his words Madek . I never realized how difficult this task will be . I never anticipated how I be in human form . Trent , I was wondering ... about what he said . Why did you change the report so dramatic ? At first I was curious people . It was something new and different from what we are . My interest has exceeded its scientific curiosity . Started to like . But with the passage of time and experimentation , pull over . I think I 'm evil , love and war are inferior . - Deserves to be conquered . - It 's a harsh judgment . - You always were an idealist . - We have matured , Joshua . I 'm afraid to say that we 've grown . - Security , check the 4 - Free . Sector 9 , check the status minister . Negative . I do not think the minister wants to be bothered now . The complex was sealed and guarded perimeter , that no one go . I think the traitor is still perimeter . I gave a detailed description of last night . Why was not found yet ? Traitor used a genetic clone , to conceal identity . That lack of laboratory clone Alicia . Who could do that ? - Anyone know how to download a conscience . - How many have this knowledge ? Technicians in all 3 divisions are familiar with this procedure . What else have you found in your investigation ? The traitor escaped using the knife . Trying to find the knife . What you prevent ? Handle this . - I have some questions for you , sir . - Quickly . There was someone in the room , before or during the attack ? No . Why ask ? We found evidence that there were others in the room . Maybe subordinates . The traitor said something , did something , which give us a clue about his identity ? - No . - Thank you ! The next step is to interrogate divisional leaders to see what they found in their internal investigation . - We 'll start with Alicia . - She was not involved . Do not say it , but clone came from her lab . Find out who 's responsible , and kill him . You need an access card to enter . I checked the mechanism , this morning . - No one has used the card . - Then it was forced . I see no sign of forced entry . It was used as a tool . Are electrical traces . They are invisible to the naked eye . There are signs everywhere . Can I download these to obtain images . Whoever did this knew what it does . He joined the laboratory has downloaded consciousness a new clone , then attacked the minister . Then download the original clone and clone moved us . Our computer has been downloading all conscience , but erased from memory what he could reveal his identity . Why would eliminate new clone having used it ? Maybe they were afraid because I could identify analyzing brain patterns clone . So they destroyed it . Male clone has no self-destruct mechanism built in the central nervous system . It would not dissolve as the female . As I said , experience new versions of genetic clones . Then it must be somewhere in the complex . The traitor was smart . Very smart . Perhaps you hide clone , to avoid suspicion . Minister I am an old friend . Why would I want evil ? A hair found in the room of Mr. Minister . It happens not match any of the subordinate . Indicates that a brunette woman could be in the room . - Thin Joshua evidence . - You were in the room Minister ? - No . - Then who was it ? - I sent the minister , a female clone , for his pleasures . And whose conscience was that clone ? Michelle , one of my helpers . And now he 's dead . - What are you hiding ? - I 've always liked you , Joshua . So I give you friendly advice . Stay out personal affairs minister . You are not empiricist weak . You acolytes , warriors . You are the best warriors in the universe . We discuss , Gregory ? Yes , of course . You had the opportunity to interrogate suspects you ? Nobody has come up with something useful . You receive notification of where they were subordinates ? It . - Where have you been ? - You 're kidding ! - Certainly not . - You think I attended ? Gather information from everyone . And that includes you . - I was in my room . - It can be checked ? - No , he can not . Before coming to minister here , you were under my command . Does this mean anything for you ? My goal is that I find out who tried to kill the minister . Your job has always been to get rid of unwanted ranks . You are cleaner and you did your job well . And now you 're favorite minister . You use this position to gain power over me ? - I underestimate ambition . - " Just follow orders " that 's your excuse ? What work convenient for treason . Do you suspect someone who might try to kill the minister ? Talk to your friend , Trent . He is a supporter of people and everyone knows it . I heard yesterday , recommending invasion . That hardly recommend it as a sympathizer . Follow him on crying louder that the legion master . He is the bearer of evil . In what position are they ? They suspect ? It is a question , not questioning . It is what people call " witch hunt " . - What do you mean ? - Come on , Joshua ! You always have to see things in depth . - I do not think I understand . - I do not think it was attempted murder . - I saw traitor myself . - Exactly ... You saw the traitor . You , security chief minister . Do not you see , Joshua ? It 's the perfect excuse for creating the need for " cleanliness of " . Think Minister arranged the attack ? It has always been the excuse tyrannical random crimes . Do you realize that what you say , it 's treason ? I used as instrument of policy . And his policy 's death . Sorry , Trent . But you 're wrong . I know what I saw . Our planet is dying . How many times have you heard this sentence ? We maintain that this invasion is to ensure shelter and resources for our race , but if I use time and resources I survive on our planet just fine . - Look , Trent . - I do not care . Gua leader became a killer butcher . I beg you to hold these views just for you . - Otherwise , your death is certain . - Our first leader Gua was pure . Madek philosopher encouraged to create a set of ethical rules . Now go over those rules without thinking . I 'll give you time to rest , while leading the search . Then I wait to present the result of your internal investigation . I think this belongs to you . It was taken from the laboratory . Wear bracelet hand . Did someone took it from under his nose ? Do not know what to say . Today morning when I woke up I had no hand . You must be better than that . Joshua ... Your word weigh much to the minister . I was behind the murder attempt . Since everything you gave me no reason to believe you . You want a reason ? Because I am not afraid of me Minister . - What does ? - How can you be so naive ? - You think I have not kept records ? - What kind of records ? Register with sexual relations our leadership . To protect yourself ? Gua hold records for each minister who came to Earth . But who knows when it will produce a change lucky . Preparing ammunition and hope that never come judgment day . Why would I kill , Joshua ? Already have all the power . - You found the traitor ? - Not yet . - Do you have any suspects ? - Looking further evidence . Meanwhile , the traitor seeking another chance . - Your room is secure . - That 's not important . With each passing moment , the enemy 's strength increases . I am confident that you will have the answer shortly . Tortured ... secret will begin to appear . - That would be counterproductive . - Why ? There will only bury him . I feel that inability is a result of the conclusion of forcing pointless . Maybe I was wrong when you 've selected . - Take the time , Minister . - No time . I got home press . Enemies of our regime , under torture , spoke to a group of supporters here on Earth and home . One of them dying mention the name of Trent . We had a meeting with Trent . I do not think it 's suspect . A rebel told us that Trent refused to experiment on a human child . A new data rows deleted . That 's treason . I know Trent . E loyal Gua . Maybe you know it , Joshua . I would not want to cloud your judgment friendship . If you suspect it , then I think deserve to sit in the dock . We must make examples , Joshua . You should do my job that I was given , or the investigation is an excuse for murder ? I forgive this statement because it is motivated by your frustration . I 'm sick of it . It 's time to get rid of traitors . Kill Trent . You 're back ... You experiments falsified data ? - Joshua ... - Da sau nu ? - They are experts ... - Yes or no ? - Da . - From what ? Experiments had no military or scientific purposes . They were horrible experiments , involving human child . You shared with supervisors empirical feelings ? I would not be heard . They asked me to dissect a child . You are bound by oath to follow the will of Supervisors . You and I stood on the hill and I discussed the great Madek . - That 's irrelevant . - No , it is not . Let me remind you what you seem to have forgotten . The main idea of ​ ​ the philosophy of Madek was debt to a higher power . But that debt was the notion of moral property . We follow orders , but those who reject them collide with what we feel it 's bad or good . You use in your defense , the work of a philosopher banned ? Prohibition of Madek , was the beginning of our end , my friend . It 's only defense they can offer . Are you related in any way attempt to kill the minister ? No . I ask this because I have orders to kill you for treason . Then get to work . I am sure you will be satisfied Minister . I asked you to ask subordinates for possible clues . Your internal investigation found something interesting ? It 's your only hope of survival . One of my connections spoke of a plot between tiers , a group dedicated to immediate destruction of humanity . He said he had a secret post in the cellar under the complex . - Who is this group . - He said that the majority are acolytes , But I did not name . That 's why I came to you immediately . There are only assumptions . For your sake . I hope so . Genocide . - What ? - Put your hands up . I know your group and plans to promote a premature attack . So that 's it ? I found your knife , Gregory . The hidden camera . Analysis found your clone fingerprints on the handle . - My knife was stolen . - I do not mind . You 'll have to kill me , Joshua . I do not teach . Do you require a time , raise your hands . He hates me ... And you know that I execute the assassination . Price disobedience must be death . That taught Gregory and his followers . Thanks Joshua , I exposed a dangerous rebellion , a bloodthirsty groups whose intention was to rape Earth for personal purposes . Every follower of Gregory , was executed . Many other enemies of Gua will be appointed shortly . I urge each of you to report , any seditious behavior , Joshua unit . That 's Joshua , I will report you . Female : 100 % brunette probability : probability 60 % You think I have not kept records ? Gua hold records for each minister who came to Earth . For Madek ... How did you know ? You sent me to Gregory 's room , so easy . You said so far about the existence of a military . One that became necessary . I had to guess I 'll tell you . - Why ? - I can not continue . You lied to me . Me ! You tried to incriminate Alicia bracelet . And Gregory , with a knife ? Sorry . Had to blame . I have many others who should protect them . Others ? A group , Joshua . It is small but growing . A group that can not stand to see this parody . - You 're a traitor . - Far from it . We fight for the survival of our species . I took a terrible turn , Joshua . We lead them bad . You know what I mean . - In your heart , I know you agree . - Do I have to kill you , Trent . But you can not . You can not because you remember the words of the greatest philosopher . On which our civilization has ever created . - Madek . - Get away from me . I am willing to sacrifice my position , loved ones , and my life to fight against barbarism which devours our citizens . A true patriot must act according to his ethics . - No . - That 's the question , Joshua . The question of our debate youth . If you had a chance to stop a great evil , even if it were to break all laws and conventions , ai face-o ? You 'd be brave enough to risk your family and everything you worked to rid the world of an evil force ? Even if that evil force is ours ? I remember your answer in youth . You 've changed so much over time ? There you ... Why did not you tell me the spoken word ? I knew immediately . Madek is poison , anarchy . Why would I stirred up the fire of rebellion ? It is our tradition . It is an ancient tradition , one that will not be back again . Do not be stupid , Joshua . You will be found and will be executed if you kill me . Like everyone else you know them . Blood will flow like a bad . I stain the reputation . You will be remembered forever that you 've betrayed people . Anyway , I forgive you . Reward yourself . You are the leader of our forces on Earth . Several conspirators against the leader Gua were identified . Chief among them is Trent . He is the traitor who used clone , trying to kill the minister . Take him out and shot him . Thanks , Joshua ! The political situation at home , require my immediate return . In my absence , leave running all divisions , Joshua . He is your leader on this planet and I respond directly to me . We remind everyone that your lives hang in the balance . Be true leader Gua , or you will suffer the fate of Trent . Madek would have been proud . - You sure you wanna do this ? - Sure you are . When you return home , your conscience will be transferred Gua back to the original form of the minister . Your form will be destroyed . You will be forever minister . I am willing to make this sacrifice . - I 'm gonna miss you , Trent . - And you 're gonna miss me , Joshua . How do you feel alive in clone Minister ? Not as bad as he felt in mine . I do not envy you . I play a much more difficult and more dangerous than any you 've played here . Maybe I can be a voice of reason . Maybe I can help to change things for the better . Let 's get everybody on this planet and we go home . Good luck ! Translation and adaptation AdyC ( c ) thin
