 Are you dancing ? - I 'm not much of a dancer . Your loss . It 's not ... It did not last . In 1564 Nostradamus predicted the destruction of the Earth three terrible waves . The first wave arrived . I 'm Cade Foster . This is my diary . They killed my wife , and I placed the murder . Now run away , but can not hide . With Nostradamus prophecies as a guide , I ask them , hunt them . I 'll stop ... The first wave Sixteenth May , in Kalkaska , Michigan , guests say they saw how beautiful girl of 22 years turns into an old lady of 102 , while a play at a local bar . Ludi Eddie to tumači kvatrenom 13 ... " A young woman will become the old woman in front of horny hearts of many men . Precious drops quench the thirst of time before ugly truth does not take effect . " Eddie says that the evidence indicates that the woman , Margaret Grant , had a nephew in Anchorage , Alaska . Looks like it 's time to say goodbye , Cade Foster , zdravo , Well Grante . Your Aunt Margaret had left the house late Friday evening . The police called in the morning and said she was dead . Did the police tell you why she died ? They 'll do an autopsy . - Sarah , what do you think happened ? Small towns live off gossip . I would not be surprised if we said that she grew wings and flew to heaven . A lot of people in the bar said it was suddenly aged . In " Jake 's crossroads " poured a lot of whiskey on a Friday night . Margaret had a spirit olds , but I assure you that in fact had seventy-one years . I need to get my hands on this plant . - Let me go . Whatever you do do not be this geranium to throw up in life . Maybe she needs food for flowers . - I tried . On the exhale is . It looks like the right place for it . I did not mean that . - It 's okay . You 're not far wrong . People really come here to die . Good thing you 're doing . I appreciate it . Aunt Margaret I remember from when I was ten years old . If I only knew better ... Do you have close friends with whom I could talk ? I would be happy . I worry for them . Why ? - Leonard and Patricia behaving strangely since when Margaret died . - How weird ? They 're scared . The strangest thing I 've ever seen . - The body has suffered embalming process or state of dehydration which has made the skin and bones incredibly brittle . Disgusting . Get closer , son , this bag of bones and will not eat . Damn , sir , do not do it ! - Relax , son . You 'll live longer . Then , Ken , what 's your verdict ? - My guess is fraud . A joke ? - Yes . Type of hydrogen chloride may be used to this corpse is old . How do you explain the fact that so many people say that this is a miracle aging before their eyes . - Maybe they were involved . Thirty more people ? No way . - Maybe the alcohol . " Jake 's crossing " ... - Yes , they are all drunk in " Jake 's crossroads " . My perception of it does not mean anything . - Sheriff , a story in the newspaper is nonsense . No one can get old 20-120 year for three minutes . The story is that this woman might have been poisoned . There is no medical evidence that she was murdered . Who cares about the evidence ? An important perception . - I do not understand . The perception ... it is the ability to see , understand . Kenneth , this year the elections . I do not want to talk to Sheriff John Henry Robey tolerate crime . If the killer in the city , you can bet that I 'm going to find him . Come on , son . Why she went to " Jake 's crossing " that night ? Maybe she was thirsty . - Be nice , Patricia . This boy has lost his aunt . - The question was stupid . We are devastated by the death of your aunt . - I. And where were you when he was alive , young man ? Did you at least once came to visit her ? Do . We are her were more kind of you . Now excuse me ... Do not take it to heart , son . She 's upset because of Margaret 's death . - I know . You were in the First Division , on the beach at Omaha . - Look at that ! Young , and knows something of history . Look at this . Leisure , not loaded . A beautiful weapon . - Sarah does not like to have him , but I could never get rid of him . I was carrying that gun on the beach in Normandy . The bullets were flying , people died ... In a strange way , I have never felt more alive . I 'd give anything to feel that way again . Listen to me , I sound like a fool . - You were a hero . You 're getting old , memories of past glory are all that is left . I have something for you . Keep it . It was her husband Richard . He was killed on Iwo Jimmy . Never to marry . Yes , my dad used to talk about Uncle Richard . What happened to my aunt , Leonard ? You know something ? - I do not . People in the bar say they looked like in this picture when she entered . They were drunk . - Do not lie to me , Leonard . I just want to know what happened to my aunt . I promised not to say anything . - Who ? A promise is a promise . Beautiful Camellia . What do you want ? To apologize . You were right . I was with my aunt Margaret . Young people are often like that . - I had their problems . Several months ago 've lost woman . - I 'm sorry . Because of her death , I realized how important family . - Yes . That 's all we really have . That 's why I came . It 's too late to talk to Margaret , but I thought that can better meet her through you . She is a young soul . That 's why I loved it . I 'm sure he felt the same towards you . The worst thing about old age , which is not a bad view , bad or hear you creaking joints . Not even death approaching . - What is it ? Dull pain because you know you 'll never get a second chance . The mistakes you made , choices that you missed , things you did not say when it should . All this goes to eternity , and you 're not corrected . Cliché is correct . Youth is spent on youth . What a joy it was when the youth returned again with the wisdom you have old . Do you think that Margaret did that when she went to the bar ? Yes , of course . And again she was young , right ? For a few minutes , she was young . The kind man from the store with healthy food is said you can return the time back . How could she resist ? The very fluid containing a metal substance , magnetic fluids . When we crossed the tank underground , electronic compasses and monitoring equipment are crazy . After five years and three million dollars , was found in the caves in Western INDIMI lost fountain of youth Ponsa de Leon . Would you like to live another 50 years ? Not as an aging invalid already a healthy twenty-five . You just have to buy this elixir and allow us to keep track of the results . I thought it was Ponce de Leon died seeking the fountain of youth in Florida , and not in the Western INDIMI . - Yes , but the next stop would be West Indies . He failed to get there . I have . Think , people . I will be here . Okay , I 'm exaggerating with the elderly . It does not work with young people , they are too smart , like you . And now , you recommend this . Deer Horn ! - Right from the territory of Yukon . Guaranteed to improve your sex life , my name is not Trevor Hyams . Do not worry . On the house . Hello . Trevor Hyams , a doctorate in herbalism in Florida , Diploma for hiking , master in diving . He has led expeditions in caves in three continents . Impressive . - Do not forget , Foster , they do . These fit . It is perhaps more alien . Be carefull . I 'll stay so much that I took a sample . He said that the material has the properties of magnets . Great . - I 'll take a compass to find him . I 've organized the analysis here in Lake City . See you tomorrow . Eddie , if it works as it says in the ad , it could be a proof that we need to expose the bastards . Just be careful . See you tomorrow . Run out Jelenovog horn ? Are you saying that Margaret died of elixir that she bought at the store ? Maybe . I 'm not sure . Has anyone of you bought it ? - Do not be silly . Leonarde ? I have a little elixir . I go by bus to Lake City to give it to the analysis . - Good . Have a nice day . I 'll be there . You have to throw that out . - Maybe she did not die because of the elixir . You know he had heart problems . And I wanted it to work , but this thing killed her . How are you so sure ? Do worth dying because of possible rejuvenation ? He worth the risk ? I watched our children grow and go . Most of our friends are dead . Bored for hours with moves and reruns of programs and pensions . Yes , it is worth the risk . Comfortable living , jedno drugom called Society we have Sarah , bless her . - Sarah ? - Yes . Would not you like to have 30 years less so to can not think of you as you think about it ? Silence . - Think about it , Lenny . He was young and strong and alive , not weak and groggy , damaged liver and low vision , young enough to be a hero again . - Shut up , Patricia ! Childhood , maturity , death . That is the natural order of things . We were fools we thought that we can to disrupt God 's order . This is called science , Leonard . We have been deceived . He tricked us charlatan , Patricia ! After all , is not young as much as you feel young ? You sound like an old plate . - Please , Patricia . Drop it . I do not want to lose another friend . I do not have much . - I used to be beautiful . You 're still beautiful , dear . I would give anything to be young again . - I bet you 've had a lot of women when you were a football star . - Do you know . - In the Middle Ages . Well , boy , you 've got half my happiness ... Somewhere su me roll off the king of motorcycling . I broke more than shock absorbers Maria Andrettija . - Sheriff Robey ? I am . - Colonel Grace , the Council of National Security . I flew from Washington . They said they 'd find you here . What can I do for you , Colonel ? - My 75 people are looking for this man . One remarked Foster in Kalkaska . What is a warrant ? - Murder in the first degree . He killed his wife in Illinois . It is very dangerous . - Strange . And here we have a situation that resembles the murder . - What ? Last Friday , the young woman went to the bar . People at the bar said it was aged for one hundred years right before their eyes . I assume that the body is here ? - Yes . You think this Foster has something to do with it ? - It is possible . I need your staff until we find him . Foster is smart . No car . Traveling by train or bus . Wait a minute . You can not us look in my territory and start ... The sheriff in the county elected , do you ? Your chances of being selected again would be damaged when it became known that you set the previous elections . Who are you ? - Someone who is on the ballot papers found several deceased . You 're smarter than you look . It seems that you will have our full cooperation . We 'll catch the fix . - I want to take him alive . Do not worry , I 'll handle this . - Do you understand me ? Yes , sir ... ma 'am ... Colonel . Great . And now , to look at the corpse . You will not believe their eyes . There are 120 years . Ken ? The deceased is called Margaret Grant . God , this morning her corpse rotted . - What 's going on here ? I had a stroke . Is it enough for analysis ? Just for a preliminary report . A chemist says azides , but never such a thing never seen . - What are azides ? The substance on the basis of nitrogen that connects metals . This explains the magnetic property . - Exactly . Azides are very unstable , and have explosive tendencies . When you mix this fluid with certain basic metals , gets a good bang . - I 'm interested in whether it is from him Margaret became young . Our chromosomes have something called telomeres . It burns like a fuse as we age . A chemist thinks substance interruption biological fire that burns the fuse . How turning the aging process ? - I do not know , man . It surpasses our science . But relapse is only temporary . - As in the Ember days says , " Precious drops quench the thirst of time before the ugly truth does not take effect . " It makes me think that accelerated aging is not intentional , they were trying to do these old people young . What is this alien ? Why should we make young and strong ? Why not old and weak ? - You think they want to kill us ? Maybe they have something else in mind ... Slavery . - We need more elixir for testing . My chemist thinks he can interest the scientific circles for substance but she needs more than one drop . At least 50 milliliters . I 'll get it . Have you seen this man ? Da , to je Ben Grant , nećak Margaret Grant . His real name is Cade Foster . He 's a murderer . Real brutal killer . Divan wear perfume . Do you know where he is now ? I do not know exactly . He went by bus to Lake City . Fortunately , the police at the bus station . Cade Foster was able to come back here and to strangle you as his wife . Let 's go to the bus station . This is your station . Hello , beautiful . You want to dance ? - No , thank you . Do not you recognize me ? Patricia ? We have to get out of here . You 're very attractive . Patricia , I do not know what to do to stop what is going to happen but if you stay here you will surely die . - I 'm not going . I will drag you , if I have to . - Is that a threat or a promise ? You told me you wanted a second chance . This is not a second chance . Come with me or you will die . - Do not you understand ? I do not care . I 'd rather die than be old . Thoughts of Leonardo . Let 's go . - One dance , please . I must take you to the hospital for treatment . I like the way you dance . Let 's go out the back . Patricia does . Let 's go . - I do not want to leave . - You 're coming with me . The lady says she does not want to go . - And who are you ? Master the dance floor ? Come on , Patricia . - I do not . - What 's going on here ? Sorry . What 's going on here ? - These are guys , Sheriff . Do not worry . - You obviously are not the guy . Can I help you , ma 'am ? - You can . We made a mistake . - One person is dead and who knows how many more . - Do not worry , do not have evidence . They were here from the security services . If I had not replaced the remains of Margaret Grant from duplicate , the whole operation would be discovered . - Everything will be fine . I found out what the problem is and I corrected formula , And what if not ? How many more bodies will have to hide ? The process of rejuvenation will succeed this time . Believe me . No . This experiment is out of control . I interrupt him . This planet is full of baby too fat and lazy to us later be of benefit . We need young and strong . Good . I 'll give you another chance . Sarah , I will not hurt you . - God ... Let me explain , please . - Hands up , Mr. Foster . Sarah , call the police . She began to dry and old until she was a corpse . I 'll call a private tow company . Not a sound , a word of this . I 'll never be able to be with a woman without thinking ... Pull yourself together . I still have to find Foster . - Colonel . Right there . Speaking of the devil . Sarah Washburne called the police . Foster caught in Fernwood Lodge . Son of a bitch . Let 's go get him . Let your car , right ? Explain how you will . The police would arrive . I came in Kalkaska to probe the death of Margaret Grant . I pretended that I was her nephew to be easier to get to the information . Why ? Are you a detective ? It can be said . - Colonel Grace said you killed his wife . They put me ? - And to let the police judge of that ? Until then , Patricia be dead if it is not already . You saw Patricia ? She disappeared . - I saw her less than an hour in " Jake 's crossroads " . I can say that it is nice to look when he was 22 years old . - God , I drank the elixir . Wait a minute . How do I know you 're not lying ? - Do not lie . I found this in Patricijinoj room . It 's almost empty . Please let me prove it to you to tell the truth . All right , son , but without false movement . Sarah , remember your plants that vein ? Patricia and Margaret are bought by a man named Hyams . He told them that they would do this again young . And for a short time were . But then the process moves backward and quickly dies . Who Hyams ? - Part of the same group that killed my wife and which is killing me lies . Listen , if I stay here another minute , the police will arrest me . I will have a problem , and the elixir will be sold to people who will die . What do you suggest ? - I 'm not a murderer . If I can not find another bottle of elixir , I can prove it . But I can not . Ma 'am , we got a call about the Cade Foster . On the floor is . It 's tied to a chair . You two zamajavajte Hyams , and I 'm going to pick the back door . Glad to have you back . I just said Ken how we have improved formula . I can not wait to see how it works . I wanted to tell Sarah that you took five years to find the fountain . - Of course . When younger . Come on , try it . Sorry . Can you take care of these good people ? - Of course . Do ! Is not miješaj , starče . You can not stop us . Elixir will spread much further than Kalkaska . You will lose . Leonarde ? And Sam , Sarah . I am . You drank the elixir ? You risked your life for me ? We must be escaped in his face . - Next time I 'll know do not count on your police . - Do not be so strict with him . It 's not his fault . You said that Foster smart killer . We can send patrols to look for him . - Forget it , so now he 's gone . At least we still have the body of the woman . If we journalists , we will be famous . - Shut up . If ever you say to someone on the body , you will not lose the election , but also life . Do you understand ? What are you looking at ? Come on . Are you saying that those people are aliens ? - Sam concluded . You saw how it melted on the floor . How did you escape from Hyams ? - A friend told me that you can make a strong bomb if you mix some metals with the elixir . The thermometer is mercury , and mercury metal . I 've tried . Too bad it 's all burned . We lost our only chance to get to the evidence . Foster 's law ... Get the battle , losing the war . As for you , young man , let 's hope that this formula be better than the last . - It takes seven hours . I have a feeling that this time succeeded . I have a hunch . Fifty years or five minutes . There to enjoy . What are you doing ? I have to get out of here . - Thanks for everything , Cade . We owe you . No , I owe you . I asked you to believe . When people believe , we will be able to fight . Then do ... Oh , yes . This can come in handy . Make sure to read the instructions . Deer Horn ? Nineteenth in May I just left Kalkaska , Michigan . Leonard Viton in this century fought in two wars . In the first against the Nazis on Omaha Beach , August in 1944 . A second , perhaps even worse against evil forces , aliens , who wants to conquer the planet . His bravery earned a second chance to live ... I love you . I just hope that I will be so lucky . by Maxi Croatia adjustment B3S SubTranslator
