 ( birds chirping ) ( baby crying ) Your turn . Jack ? ( baby continues crying ) ( Jack coughing ) Honey ? ( toilet flushes ) Are you still feeling sick ? What 's the matter with you ? Can 't you hear the baby is crying ? WOMAN : How about some cereal , honey , hmm ? ( babbles ) You were having those awful dreams again last night . I didn 't sleep long enough to be dreaming . I want you to go to the doctor . Find out what 's wrong . Will you do that ? I 'd just like to eat my breakfast in peace ! Do you think that 's possible ? ( both crying ) Jack , what is it ? ! ( engine starts ) ( tires screeching ) ( tires screeching ) ( crow cawing ) MULDER : Private John McAlpin- - one of the few , the proud ... the dead . Last week , he wrapped his car around a tree , died on impact . Drug and alcohol tests came back negative . And car shows no evidence of brake , steering or any other mechanical failure . Military is calling it a suicide . They 're especially concerned because it 's the second one in as many weeks . Both at the same base ? Yeah , except it 's not exactly a base . Flip to the back . The marines were all stationed at the Folkstone Processing Center in North Carolina . More than 12,000 refugees waiting for asylum from Uncle Sam . Wasn 't there a riot there about a month ago ? Yeah . A ten-year-old boy was killed , but the details of his death were never released . Why did the military contact us ? They didn 't . Mrs. McAlpin contacted the Bureau when the military refused her request to investigate her husband 's death further . She doesn 't believe it was suicide . There . This is the tree that stopped Private McAlpin 's car . State police reported there 's graffiti on the bark . Looks like some kind of ritual symbol . Most of the refugees at Folkstone are Haitian . Mrs. McAlpin believes voodoo was behind her husband 's death ? Mrs. McAlpin doesn 't believe her husband killed himself . She wants to know who did . ( baby fussing ) MRS. McALPIN : Jack used to tell these jokes . Well , they were pretty dumb , I guess , but the way he told them always made me laugh . Then he got transferred to the camp , and nothing was very funny anymore . Did he ever discuss with you what went on there , what his duties included ? No . He 'd just come home angry . Mostly at himself , though sometimes he 'd turn it on Luke and me . Was he ever treated for depression or stress ? No , I tried getting him to talk to someone , even our minister . But Jack believed in dealing with his own problems . Did he believe in voodoo ? The Marines , his family and football- - pretty much sums up everything Jack believed in . So , when did you first think that his death involved something out of the ordinary ? One of the boys in his squad told me what they found at the accident , and he said it was some kind of voodoo curse- - the same one they found on the stool that Puerto Rican boy used to hang himself . Who told you that ? Harry Dunham . ( sighs ) He 's from New Orleans , so he 's pretty superstitious about that type of thing . What about you ? My husband had just died , so I didn 't give it much thought either way . Not until Luke dug this up out of his sandbox . I know it sounds crazy , me worrying about all this . The truth is , I 'm scared . I 'm scared for my child . And I just don 't know what to do anymore . ( people chattering ) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ It 's , uh , down there on the right , sir . ( speaking Creole ) ( shouting in Creole ) Go ! Go ! Get away ! Get out of here ! Go ! Go ! Get away ! Go ! Go ! He 's crazy . Too much rum . For such a pretty lady , it 's dangerous out here . You need something pour vous gardez- - for protection . Your lucky charm . Come on , Mulder . How much ? Five ... I mean , ten . I 'll give you five . BOY : Okay . SCULLY : Let 's go , Mulder . No , you should always carry protection . Hold on . There you go . ( chuckles ) I 'm still not clear just what it is you 're investigating here . Two of your men have died in the past two weeks , allegedly of self-inflicted injuries . And I 've taken every measure to see it doesn 't happen again . I 've even flown in the 528th Combat Stress Control Detachment from Camp Lejeune . SCULLY : But your soldiers aren 't in combat . MAN : In some ways , what we 're dealing with here is worse . How so ? We 're soldiers . We 're not prison guards . And we 're being asked to police a hostile population of foreigners without the resources to feed or house them . There are bound to be some conflicts . So your men are getting the brunt of the refugees ' frustration ? It 's hatred , plain and simple . They hate us . And all I can do is see that they 're processed as efficiently as possible . Colonel Wharton , a , uh ... a certain ritual sign was found at the scene of both deaths . Is there anything you can tell us about that ? Not much . Apparently , it 's some sort of voodoo marking . But you haven 't investigated it as a possibility . Possibility of what ? All I know is voodoo caused a riot in my camp . One night , they held some secret ceremony . The next day , all hell broke loose . We understand a refugee was killed- - a young boy . No one felt that tragedy more deeply than me . Fortunately , I was able to isolate the one responsible for instigating all the trouble . Who would that be ? His name is Bauvais . Pierre Bauvais . Thinks he 's some kind of revolutionary . You think we could speak with him ? If you don 't mind listening to his laundry list of complaints . I 'd also like to examine Private McAlpin 's body . I have a signed consent from his wife . Private Dunham will help you both with whatever you need . Cause of death was no great mystery . That boy was doing 60 when he hit the tree . So they pronounced him at the scene ? Well , his head was hanging on his shoulders like a broken peony , and he had no respiratory or cardiac functioning . I saw no reason to conduct an autopsy then ; I still don 't . Well , you can see for yourself . What kind of a sick joke is this ? - Jackson ? ! - MAN : Sir ? Who the hell 's been in here ? ! Someone 's tampered with McAlpin 's body , and I want to know who ! MULDER : You 're Harry Dunham ? DUNHAM : Yes , sir . You knew Private McAlpin ? His wife said you were friends . We were in the same squad . Any idea why he might have killed himself ? I can 't say , sir . Can 't say or you won 't say ? I 'll be right here if you need me . My name is Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . I was hoping you could answer some questions about the two U.S. Marines who took their own lives . It is a terrible shame . I 'm not convinced it 's as simple as that . You do not believe I was involved in this , do you ? How could I be ... when they keep me locked up in here ? You tell me . These photographs were taken at the sites of both deaths . The shell was found buried under one of the soldiers ' homes . Can you tell me about the symbol ? Why ? What do you expect to learn from this ? Just the truth . One of the marines left behind a wife . She 's too frightened to even mourn . She deserves some peace of mind . It is the Loco-Miroir , the crossroads between the two worlds- - the mirror in which a man must confront his true self . These marines ... maybe they didn 't like what they saw . Colonel Wharton says you incited the riot last month . My country was born on the blood of slaves . Freedom is our most sacred legacy . Does that mean you 'd kill to preserve it ? Wharton will not let us return home ... which is all we ask . SCULLY : Mulder , I need to speak with you . BAUVAIS : She 's come to tell you the marine is gone . How did you know ? It 's the spirits . Loa have warned you . Somebody stole McAlpin 's body and replaced it with what looks like a dog 's corpse . They will only warn you once . After that , no magic can save you . Come on , Scully . Let 's go . MULDER : So what do you think happened to Private McAlpin ? Somehow , Bauvais must have switched the bodies . It 's quite a trick , considering he 's been confined for the last month . Well , then he had somebody else do it . But you said there was no trace evidence , and security is practically impossible to breach . I was only suggesting that whoever did it was clever and thorough , I wasn 't suggesting that some kind of spirit did it . Well , just in case . I believe in covering my bases . Mulder , voodoo only works by instilling fear in its believers . You saw how Bauvais tried to intimidate me . I 'll admit the power of suggestion is considerable , but this is no more magic than a pair of fuzzy dice . Scully , look out ! ( tires screeching ) Hey . Private McAlpin ? SCULLY : He 's nonverbal , nonresponsive to voice , touch or pain . The neurologists suspect he suffered a severe concussion in the crash resulting in amnesia . MULDER : It 's a plausible diagnosis . Only , I 'm more interested in how he came back to life . Well , obviously he never left . Dr. Foyle made a gross mistake when he signed the death certificate . It 's not the first time something like that 's happened . Did you get a copy of the blood test ? Yeah . Electrolytes , white and red counts are all normal . Except , this is strange . The lab detected trace levels of tetrodotoxin in his blood . That 's a poison found in the liver and reproductive organs of puffer fish- - a Japanese delicacy . Only , I get the feeling that Private McAlpin didn 't frequent too many sushi bars . You have a theory how it got into his blood ? What do you know about zombies ? I hope you don 't intend to tell Robin McAlpin that she married one . In 1982 , a Harvard ethnobotanist named Wade Davis did extensive field research in Haiti on the zombification phenomenon . He analyzed several samples of zombie powder prepared by voodoo priests , and he found tetrodotoxin to be common to all of them . But , Mulder , it 's a lethal poison . No , but in small enough doses , it can cause paralysis and depress cardiorespiratory activities to such a low level that the victim might appear clinically dead . Well , zombie or not , Jack McAlpin is alive . Exactly . Which is what makes me wonder about the other marine who allegedly killed himself . Why would they bury Private Guttierez here ? ( growling ) ( barking ) They beat you to it . You 're the FBI , aren 't you ? Stay . - Yeah . - Easy , Wong . We 've arranged to exhume the body of Manuel Guttierez . I prepared the dig as soon as I got the judge 's order , but it 's too late . Too late ? Yeah , the body snatchers got there first . I caught them more than a few times right in the act , but it 's getting I can 't keep up anymore . That 's , uh , why I got this . Don 't the police intervene ? Oh , they got their hands full just trying to protect the lives of the living . I 'm all these people have to preserve their rest . These body snatchers- - what do they do with the bodies ? Uh , they sell them . To who ? Well , it varies . When the local medical school ran short of cadavers , rumor had it that the snatchers got $ 200 a head . But mostly , it 's the voodoo types who do the buying . A lot of folks in these parts go in for that , with the medicines and the potions and ... Yeah , here we are . Look at that . They dug him up right under my nose . How 's he supposed to rest in peace like this ? They can do what they like with the pigs and the chickens ... but this is a desecration . This is uncool . Mulder . MAN : Look at that . See what I 'm talking about ? Let us take care of this . Knock yourselves out . Hey ! Let me be ! I didn 't do nothing ! - Hey , hey , hold on . - What did I do ? ! - Maybe you can tell us . - Let me be ! Let go ! ( frogs croaking ) Maybe I should kiss a few and find out if one is Guttierez . Fresh bones . They pay good . But I go there for the frogs . You find the best frogs at the cemetery . How do you get out of the camp ? I go , and then I come back . What about your parents ? Are your parents at the camp ? What about a name ? ( sighs ) Chester Bonaparte . MULDER : What do you do with the frogs , Chester ? For each one I catch , I get 50 cents . From who ? Who pays you for them ? Bauvais . His magic is the most strong . He even made my fries disappear ! You know , Chester , I got magic , too . And I bet I can make your fries reappear . Merci . You know , Mulder , certain frog species secrete a substance called bufotoxin . It 's chemically similar to what we found in Private McAlpin 's blood . I think we should ask Bauvais what he 's doing with those frogs . I didn 't want to say anything before because I wasn 't sure , but I think we 're being followed . It 's a gray four-door sedan in the parking lot . Keep an eye on Chester . Out of the car , Private ! You 've been following us . Look , I had to warn you . You didn 't seem too interested in helping us before . I couldn 't talk then- - not with Colonel Wharton so close by . And not with him right there . Stay here . I 'll be back . Chester ? He 's just a little boy . No , sir , he is not . What 's going on ? Private Dunham was just about to tell us why we 're in danger . You 're putting yourselves into the middle of something you don 't understand . But you do ? Bauvais warned him . He told the colonel he 'd take his men one by one unless ... Unless what ? Unless the colonel let his people go back to Haiti . But the colonel ... he just had us turn up the heat on all them beatings and all . SCULLY : Colonel Wharton sanctioned beatings of the refugees ? He ordered it , and worse . The things he is making us do to those people . Why hasn 't anybody stepped forward or filed a complaint ? None of us feel too good about it , ma 'am . But you don 't join the Marines to feel good . You said that Bauvais threatened the colonel 's men . He said he 'd take their souls . And you believe he can do that ? Jack McAlpin was my friend , and look what happened to him . Well , we don 't know what happened to him , but there is a medical explanation for his condition . Back home , an associate of my daddy 's , Clyde Jessamin , once crossed a man on some kind of real estate deal . And not two weeks passed before Jessamin 's daughter took ill with something the doctors couldn 't make heads or tails of . All they could do was shoot her full of morphine , the pain was so bad . She died five minutes past midnight on her wedding day . And when they did an autopsy to try and figure it out , all they could find was a bunch of snakes squirming around inside her belly . Sounds like an old wives ' tale . No , ma 'am , it 's not . You see , I 'm the one who was supposed to marry her . ( car door closes ) ( engine starts ) Think he 's telling the truth ? Till I can figure out why he 'd lie , yeah . He 's superstitious , and superstition breeds fear . It 's what voodoo is all about . It 's just as irrational as avoiding a crack in the sidewalk . Why would he be trying to avoid Chester ? Chester ? ! Chester ? Chester ! Wait a second ! Chester ! Stop ! I 'm not going to hurt you ! Chester ! It 's okay , I 'll get him . Chester . Chester ? ! ( cat meowing ) Can I get you anything else , sir ? ( knocking ) Just get the door . I 'm sorry . I 'm having my breakfast . That 's all right . We already ate . I understand you obtained a court order yesterday to exhume Private Guttierez . That 's right . You should know that I filed a complaint with the Justice Department . His body was missing- - stolen from his coffin apparently . Now you see what we 're facing here . What kind of barbaric religion would desecrate a grave ? SCULLY : We suspect it was an act of retaliation . Retaliation ? For your mistreatment of the detainees . What the hell are you talking about ? Physical abuse of political refugees is a prosecutable crime under international law . ( chuckles ) It 's Bauvais , isn 't it ? He 's the one you 're getting this garbage from . Look , nobody ever said this was a hotel , but it 's hardly a concentration camp . Then there is no official policy of harassment ? If anything , it 's my men who are being harassed . The U.N. , the relief organizations- - they 're all so busy protecting the rights of these refugees , nobody 's looking out for my men ! Well , we 'll let you finish . Wouldn 't want your breakfast to get cold . ( sighs ) Way I see it , Wharton 's left these people no choice but to fight back with the only weapon they have . Sorry , Mulder , there 's a big difference between nasty looks and raising the dead . Not according to Private Dunham . Ah ! What ? More scare tactics . Let me see that . No , it 's nothing . ( engine starts ) ( grunts ) I-I don 't think he 's in any condition to talk . WHARTON : That 's right , Private . You don 't think . You follow orders . But , sir ... Dismissed . ( door opens , closes ) Ouvri barrière pou moi . I want the secret . Maybe you should tell me now , while you can still talk . Ma vie nan mains bon dieu . No , papaloi . Your life is in my hands . ♪ ♪ ( car door closes ) ( footsteps approaching ) I was surprised to get your card . I had assumed our last contact ... would be our last . Why are you here ? Your investigation is faltering , Agent Mulder . We 've got a renegade marine who may be violating every human rights provision ... These people have no rights . In 24 hours , all access to Folkstone will be restricted to military personnel . No press , no third-party monitoring . What about Scully and me ? You 'll be called back to Washington on a priority matter . ( sighs ) They 're making the camp invisible . Why ? In case you haven 't noticed , Agent Mulder , the Statue of Liberty is on vacation . The new mandate says , if you 're not a citizen , you 'd better keep out . Well , why hold them up ? Why not just repatriate them ? During our most recent involvement in Haiti , three U.S. soldiers took their own lives . Of those men , two were under Colonel Wharton 's command . You saying the military is sanctioning Wharton 's revenge ? ( thunder rumbling softly ) These people are innocent civilians . Some people in Congress might have a real problem with that . By the time they get a committee together , it 'll be as if none of this ever happened . ( car door opens ) ( car door closes ) No , you don 't understand . I 've been on hold for half an hour . I 'm trying to locate a Private Dunham . Yeah . Yeah . Thanks . Mulder , I just got through to Dunham 's barracks . Mulder ? Your door 's unlocked . ( water running ) Mulder , listen to this . Dunham 's been AWOL since last night ... Mulder ? Oh , God . ( water stops ) - MULDER : Scully ? - Yeah ? I found him wandering around outside . You all right ? Yeah . It 's Dunham . MULDER : When I found him , he had this in his hand . Do you recall leaving the hospital ? These past few days , I don 't recall much of anything . Except feeling real heavy , like ... like I 'm asleep and I can 't wake up . MULDER : Do you remember killing Private Dunham ? McALPIN : All I remember is being there , seeing him in all that blood . Why did you sign the confession ? WHARTON : The private asked , and I apprised him of what you found at the crime scene . Who else might it have been ? Colonel can we have a word outside ? What exactly did you tell him ? If you 're suggesting that I coerced Private McAlpin in any way ... I need to know , did he sign that confession voluntarily ? Of course he did . Since his reappearance , has Private McAlpin had any contact with Bauvais ? Not to my knowledge . Well , we 'd still like to speak with Bauvais . I 'm afraid that 's impossible . Why ? Because he 's dead . Last night , he cut his wrists with a bedspring . I 'll have the report sent to your motel along with the private 's confession . Since both matters are being handled internally , I 'll assume your business here is finished . What 's wrong ? I 'm fine . It 's just a headache . ( cell phone ringing ) ( sighs ) Mulder . Okay , Mrs. McAlpin , we can be there in 15 minutes . MRS. McALPIN : First , I thought I lost him ... as if that wasn 't hard enough to deal with . Now they 're saying he 's killed Harry . He said it himself ; he signed a confession . I don 't care . It doesn 't make sense . Jack and Harry were friends . Mrs. McAlpin , you said on the telephone that Private Dunham came here last night . What did he want ? He was on his way to see you . For what reason ? He wouldn 't tell me . He said if anything happened to him I should give this to you . He told me not to open it . ( baby fussing ) Luke 's been in a mood since all this started . It 's almost like he knows what 's going on . I 'll be right back . ( baby crying ) It 's okay , honey . I 'm coming . SCULLY : That 's Bauvais . And Wharton ? They must have known each other when Wharton served in Haiti . When in Rome . ♪ ♪ Mulder . Dunham and Guttierez both filed complaints against Colonel Wharton . They both cited incidents of abuse- - dates , times . Scully . Look at this . Check out the name on the dog tags . MAN : Come with me , please . Take the light out of my eyes . Where 's Wharton ? You 'll find out soon enough . He killed Bauvais , and if you know anything about it , you 'll be tried as an accessory to murder . Shut up ! Bauvais got what he deserved . After what he did to McAlpin and Guttierez . It wasn 't Bauvais . What are you talking about ? Those men were about to testify against Colonel Wharton , so he stopped them before they did . MULDER : If you don 't believe us , look in the trunk . This is what 's left of Private Guttierez . Now , where 's Bauvais ' body ? We buried him . This afternoon . In the municipal graveyard . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Au nom des saints ... et de la lune . Au nom des saints et de la lune . Au nom des saints et des étoiles . What is it , Scully ? I 'm all right . You don 't look all right . No , I 'm-I 'm fine . I 'll catch up with you . Just go get Wharton . ♪ ♪ ( gasping ) ( screaming ) ( speaking Creole ) ( Wharton chanting quietly in Creole ) Federal agent ! Drop the knife , Wharton . ( speaking Creole in demonic voice ) Drop the knife ! Do it ! ( speaking Creole in demonic voice ) ( groans loudly ) ( speaking Creole ) Ca qui fait mal , ce mal li we . He who does evil , evil he will see . ( screaming ) ( speaking Creole ) ( cat meows ) Mulder . You 're okay ? I feel better than you look . ( panting ) What happened ? I don 't know . SCULLY : He 's dead . Did you kill him ? It was Bauvais . ( people chattering ) Here 's the passenger manifest you asked for . Thank you . They 're petitioning to have Bauvais returned to Haiti . Too bad it has to be in a box . Is this a complete list ? As far as I know . There was a boy . His name was Bonaparte . Chester Bonaparte . Sure , Chester . Poor kid . He died six weeks ago in that riot . MAN ( over P.A. ) : All returnees , have your papers ready when boarding the vehicles . ( whimpering ) Move it , Wong . ( banging , yelling ) CHILD : I made this !
