 There was blood everywhere . Whoever killed her is a real psycho . Murder weapon ? Seven stores in town carry strap razors . Have somebody check him out . What about the press ? Just the basics . No mention of this sister thing to anybody . Okay . Ruben , I need your final report . Call me as soon as ... Yeah , I 'll talk to you . Brian , I need a minute . I 'm working on a homicide investiga ... Come on . You didn 't show last night . This what you wanted to talk about ? I made dinner . It 's not ... What ? ! Sorry . Coroner 's on one . Yeah , what do you got , Ruben ? Uh-huh . Uh ... hang on a second , will you , Ruben ? This address , 10 : 00 tonight . Where 's this ? A motel ? It 's a place we can talk . Any cavities ? I brush after every meal . Would you say they match ? Well , there 's a filling on the occlusal surface of the upper left bicuspid here and here . And he 's congenitally missing a lower left bicuspid here and here . Yeah , I 'd say they 're definitely a match . Who do they belong to ? Special Agent Sam Chaney . That name sounds familiar . Chaney 's a legend . 40 years before the Bureau started profiling violent criminals , Chaney and his partner Tim Leadbetter would work on their own time , investigating what were then called " stranger killings , " what are now called " serial murders . " They disappeared while investigating three murders in Aubrey , Missouri , in 1942 . Chaney 's body wasn 't found until two days ago by a local detective , B.J. Morrow , a woman . What 's your interest in this case ? During their time , Chaney 's and Leadbetter 's ideas weren 't very well-received by their peers . Using psychology to solve a crime was something like , um ... Believing in the paranormal ? Exactly . But there 's another mystery . - Which is ? - Well , I 'd like to know why this policewoman would suddenly drive her car into a field the size of Rhode Island , and , for no rhyme or reason , dig up the bones of a man who 's been missing for 50 years . I mean , unless there was a neon sign saying " dig here . " I guess that 's why we 're going to Aubrey . Yes , and , also , I 've always been intrigued by women named B.J. Detective Morrow , exactly how did you discover the remains ? I witnessed a dog digging in the ground . I proceeded to investigate and found the gravesite . Well , the initial police report states that you couldn 't explain your actions at the time . It was late . I was a bit shocked by my discovery . I 'm afraid I didn 't clearly articulate exactly what happened from my initial report . What were you doing in the woods at that hour ? My vehicle was experiencing engine failure . You left your car ... ? Oh . Over there , sir . Would you say that 's , uh , 400 or 500 yards ? Yes , sir . So , from that distance , you could see a dog digging in this field at night ? She was taking a shortcut through the woods to reach a phone . The path led her through the field . The report says she phoned in from the Motel Black just up the road there . That 's not a very short cut . Seems like you 're more interested in how the missing agent was found than in how he got here in the first place . You don 't , uh , suspect her , do you ? No , no , not at all . I would just like to ask Detective Morrow a few more questions . All right . Have you ever , um ... have you ever had any clairvoyant experiences ? Premonitions , visions , precognitive dreams , things like that ? What the hell kind of question is that ? Dreams ? Yeah . Look , Agent Mulder , I don 't mean to be rude , but we have a lot to do . If you have any further questions specifically pertaining to your investigation of this crime , please feel free to call . Come on , B.J. What do you think ? These bones are in good condition , but I think that field may have been tilled shortly after Chaney was buried . There are small cuts on the top three ribs . I don 't think they were made by an animal . Listen to this , Scully . " One must wonder how these monsters are created ... " Chaney wrote this . " Did their home life mold them " into creatures that must maim and kill or are they demons from birth ? " Well , that 's poetic , but it doesn 't help us much . What did he say about the 1942 homicides ? Well , the press called the murderer the Slash Killer . His three victims were all young women , aged 25 to 30 . He disabled them with a blow to the head . He would carve the word " sister " on their chests and paint it on the wall with their blood . The victims bled to death , and the murderer was never found . Mulder , these cuts on the ribs- - they could have been made by a razor . Can you make out a word ? No , but we might be able to if we can find somebody in Aubrey who has a digital scanner . I 've scanned the images from the crime photo and the rib cage and modemed them to Quantico . It 's going to be a few more seconds before the hookup . I checked with the precinct mechanic . B.J. ' s car was just tuned . She lied about experiencing engine failure . Mulder , I don 't think B.J. was in the woods that night because of engine failure . What are you talking about ? Well , the Motel Black would have been a perfect meeting place . Away from town , away from his wife . What do you mean ? It 's obvious , B.J. and Tillman are having an affair . How do you know ? - A woman senses these things . - Oh . The image on the right is Chaney 's rib cage . The one on the left was extrapolated from the crime photo of the Slash Killer 's last victim . Now , I need to enlarge the victim 's rib cage in order to allow for gender difference . And now we can compare them . Could he have carved out another word on his rib cage ? I 'm searching for any matching pattern of cuts . Agent Mulder ? Have you made any progress in the investigation ? Uh , we may have . Seems Agent Chaney might have been a victim of the killer he was trying to catch . We 're trying to determine if the cuts on his rib cage spell out a word right now . No ! Are you all right ? I 'm sorry . Something ... I 'm not feel ... Excuse me . Feeling better ? I 'm fine now . Things must be difficult for you now . I 've had feelings for people I 've worked with . Interoffice relationships can be complicated ... especially when he 's married . You 're pregnant , aren 't you ? Does it show ? No . Not yet . Now I know why my mother only had one child . She told me about the nausea but not about the nightmares . Nightmares ? It 's always the same . I 'm in a house . Feels familiar . There 's a woman that 's been hurt . There 's a mirror . I see a man 's reflection . I recognize his face , but I don 't know him . What I remember most is the blood . There 's a lot of blood . Have you talked to anyone about these nightmares ? I 'm sure it 's something about the pregnancy . If anyone else knew I was pregnant ... Brian would kill me if I told anyone . What are you going to do ? I don 't know . Well , B.J. ' s pregnant , and Tillman 's the father . Um , I have approximated the pattern of the cuts to match up with letters . There 's a 93 % chance - that this is the letter " R. " - Mm-hmm . If we lower the probability to 79 % , we get the letters " I , " " E " and " R. " Well , it could be a word , or it could just be random slashes . If we exhumed one of the Slash Killer 's victims , we could do a CT scan to determine if the cuts were made by the same type of instrument . Well , that means getting a court order . It could take a couple of days . Maybe we could find a relative who could speed up the process . Brother . Excuse me ? I know what it says . On the rib cage , it spells " brother . " You 're right . B.J. ? Brian . What 's going on here , B.J. ? Nothing . Really ? Then where 'd you get these ? These are crime scene photos ; they were sealed . No one had access to them . Think you 're mistaken . Those were shot in 1942 . These are evidence of a homicide that occurred three days ago . No , they 're from a case that Agent Leadbetter and Agent Chaney were investigating in 1942 before they disappeared . Three days ago , a young woman was murdered , and the word " sister " was carved into her chest and painted on the wall . Only myself , the coroner and one of my men knew about this . Excuse me , sir . We just got a call . There 's been another one . Watch your step , sir . Victim 's name is Verna Johnson . My God . B.J. ? It 's her . It 's the woman in my dream . Ow ! Honey , y-you 're fine . The mothering instinct- - I 've been feeling it a lot lately . I used to hate it when my mother hovered over me . I swore I 'd never be like her . I think we all feel that way at one time or another . My father was a cop . A good cop . That 's all I ever wanted to be . He 'd say what we 're doing here is nonsense , that you can 't solve a crime from a dream . Well , I 've often felt that dreams are answers to questions we haven 't yet figured out how to ask . You said you were in a familiar house ? There 's a woman that 's been hurt . I look in a mirror , and I see a man 's reflection . What does he look like ? He 's ... got a rash on his face , and his eyes are ... intense . Do you remember anything else ? There 's a strange picture on the wall behind him . It 's a building like the Washington Monument , but different . And there 's a ... a big circular thing beside it . You think you could draw it ? Sure . It looked something like this . What do you think it is ? Could be the Trylon and the Perisphere . Have you ever been to New York City ? No , never . You can get pictures of these on postcards all over Times Square . These were the symbols of the 1939 World 's Fair . Do you know why they might have been in your dream ? No idea at all . Good night , Brian . You 're here kind of late . What are you looking for ? Just wanted to check on something . I don 't get it . That book 's from the 1940s . Can we talk ? You know ... I 'm willing to go with you ... for the appointment . I 'm not so sure it 's what I want to do . I thought we agreed that it was the best thing for both of us . I changed my mind . What do you mean , you changed your mi ... ? You can 't just change your mind . This isn 't your decision , it 's our decision . B.J. It 's him . Brian I have to go . This is the man B.J. claims to have seen in her dream . Harry Cokely . He lives in Gainesville , Nebraska , since his release from McAlester Penitentiary on December 5 , 1993 . He was convicted in 1945 for rape and attempted murder . Cokely carved " sister " on the chest of his victim Linda Thibedeaux before she was able to escape and get help from a neighbor . And the police never made the connection to the 1942 homicides ? No . Well , I don 't want to jump to any rash conclusions , but I 'd say he 's definitely our prime suspect . Mulder , the man we 're talking about is 77 years old . George Foreman won the heavyweight crown at 45 . Some people are late bloomers . Anyway , that still doesn 't explain B.J. ' s connection to all this . What if it 's cryptomnesia ? You mean consciously forgotten information ? Yeah . B.J. told us that her father was a policeman in the area . What if she heard him discussing the 1942 case when she was young ? She might have even seen pictures of Cokely . Yeah , but that still doesn 't explain why she would go into a field and unearth the grave of an FBI agent . What if the recent murders triggered what was previously buried in her mind , some connection she 'd unconsciously made that no one else had been able to make ? You mean a hunch ? Yeah , something like that . That 's a pretty extreme hunch . I seem to recall you having some pretty extreme hunches . I never have . Harry Cokely ? Yeah ? I 'm Special Agent Mulder . This is Special Agent Scully . We 're with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . May we come in ? Mr. Cokely , our records show that in 1942 , you lived in Terrence , Nebraska , an hour 's drive away from Aubrey , Missouri . During that time , three women were murdered in Aubrey . Their assailant had mutilated their bodies with a razor in the same manner that you slashed Mrs. Linda Thibedeaux 's body in 1945 . I don 't remember much about that . Well , I 'm sure Mrs. Thibedeaux will never forget it . Doctors said I was sick back then . They gave me some pills . I served my time , and now I 'm better . What kind of pills ? Red and white ones , little sister . Do you recognize this man ? His name 's Chaney . No . He was an FBI agent who was also murdered in Aubrey in 1942 . Can you tell me where you were about 8 : 35 p.m. two nights ago , Mr. Cokely ? Sitting right where I am now . Do you have a witness to testify to that ? Are you blind ? I can 't leave the house without this damn thing . I sit right here in front of that TV 24 hours a day . And on the night you 're talking about , I was sitting here watching a show about a lost dog . Then after that , it was a show about ... That won 't be necessary . Good . Now , are you about finished with me , little sister ? For now . She seemed to be in trouble , but when I opened the door , she just barged in and came running down the stairs . So I called the police . He 's here . He 's here . B.J. , what happened ? Oh , my God . He 's here . Oh , my God . Come on . I 'm taking her to the hospital . Scully . Thank you . I thought you might need these . Thanks . You hurt yourself . Can you tell us what happened , B.J. ? Cokely . He was in the room . Cokely attacked you ? Yes . He must have done this while I was asleep . You 're sure it was him ? I know it was him . I saw his reflection in the mirror . He looked just like his picture . Like his mug shot ? Yes . That 's a picture of a young man . But it was Cokely . I swear it was him . Well , I 'll have Tillman pick him up . Where were you last night ? Honolulu . You were in Aubrey , weren 't you ? How 'd you get into Detective Morrow 's house ? It 's all I can do to get to the bathroom , you damn fool . The victim has identified you , Mr. Cokely . I 've already paid for my crime . Well , I 'm going to see that you pay more . I never touched that woman ! I 'm not answering any more questions without a lawyer . Get me a lawyer . - Mulder ? - It 's open . I have the preliminary results from the G.I. testing from the blood found under Verna Johnson 's nails . They checked it against Cokely 's . The PGM subtype matches . The D-Q alpha and D-1-S-80 are the same ... It 's Cokely 's blood ? The results strongly suggest that . Imagine the strength of this man 's psychosis , still driving him to murder after 50 years . But for some reason , he let B.J. live . Well , she 's not the first . Mrs. Thibedeaux also survived his attack back in 1945 . I think it 's time we paid a visit to Mrs. Thibedeaux . That was taken three weeks before it happened . I haven 't had a picture taken since . Is this your husband ? That 's Martin . He was a good man . He passed last June . If it hadn 't been for him , I never would have survived . I know this goes back a long way , Mrs. Thibedeaux , but could you tell us what happened the night Harry Cokely attacked you ? It happened ... up there on the landing . I remember how the light from the window bounced off the razor . It had an ivory handle . He ... he kept saying ... " Someone 's got to take the blame , little sister , and it isn 't gonna be me . " They tried to explain at the trial how his father used to beat him , and how he was the only son in a family of five daughters , and how he was brutally punished for everything wrong that happened , but if you ask me , that man was born evil . No children ? No . None . Mrs. Thibedeaux , our records show that you recuperated from your injuries within two months , but nine months later , you checked back into the hospital . Well , I had complications . What happened to the child ? Cokely 's child . Martin used to say not to blame the child , that it was just a little thing , an innocent ... but it was the spawn of evil . I couldn 't keep it . In this house , the memory of him ... Mrs. Thibedeaux ? I gave the baby to an adoption agency . Baby- - be almost 50 now . This is the , uh ... address of the adoption agency . If you do find him ... No , no , never mind . The bones B.J. found under the house belong to Chaney 's partner , Agent Leadbetter . Cokely rented the house in 1942 . The detectives at the crime scene found an old straight razor under the house . They 're trying to lift some prints . Now , Cokely 's been released , but I think we have enough to nail him . Something just doesn 't track , Scully . The night she was attacked , B.J. said she saw a younger man . Yeah , but you know the state of mind she was in that night . She-she could have been mistaken . Well , maybe she did see a younger man- - young Cokely . Cokely 's grandson . Are you saying Cokely 's grandson attacked B.J. ? It would make sense , Scully . Genetic traits often skip a generation , and that would explain the test results of the blood found under Verna Johnson 's fingernails . PGM subtypes are similar among relatives . Did Danny call back with the adoption records yet ? Did you get them ? I don 't think Mendel had serial killers in mind when he developed his theory on genetics . You know , when I was a kid , I would have nightmares . I would wake up in the middle of the night thinking I was the only person left in the world . Then I would hear this . What ? My dad would be in his study eating these . Yeah , Danny Valadayo . It 's Agent Scully . What does that have to do with Cokely ? Well , on a basic cellular level , we 're the sum total of all our ancestors ' biological matter , but what if more than biological traits get passed down from generation to generation ? What if I like sunflower seeds because I 'm genetically predisposed to liking them ? But children aren 't born liking sunflower seeds . Environments shape them , behavior patterns are taught . There are countless stories of twins who were separated at birth , who end up in the same occupation , marrying the same kind of people , each naming their child Waldo . Waldo ? Jung wrote about it when he talked about the collective unconscious . It 's genetic memory , Scully . Yeah , Danny . Yeah . Thanks . I 'll tell him . Danny tracked down Mrs. Thibedeaux 's son . He was a policeman named Raymond Morrow . That 's B.J. ' s father . B.J. is Cokely 's granddaughter . She 's responsible for the murders . Mulder ... Get your coat . - Let 's go . - Wait , Mulder , do you honestly think B.J. is capable of murder ? No , but Cokely is , and that 's who B.J. has become . That 's outrageous . Scully , this is what I think . I think that Cokely 's memories , his compulsions have been passed on genetically to his granddaughter B.J. That 's what 's driving her to kill . You 're saying that B.J. ' s nightmares are real , that she 's out there killing these women - and carving " sister " on them ? - Yes . Well , then how do you explain the cuts on her own chest ? I can 't explain every ... Maybe she carved them on herself or maybe it 's some kind of weird stigmata . Whatever it is , B.J. is not herself . Where are we going ? We have to warn Mrs. Thibedeaux . If B.J. has , in the sense that I 'm talking about , become Cokely , then she may be trying to finish what Cokely started . Stop it . Somebody 's got to take the blame , little sister . No ! No , no , you 're not him . You can 't be . And it 's not gonna be me . I 'm not afraid to use this . You have his eyes . You 're ... him . No . You 're my grandchild . You know what you 're doing ? Shut up ! He 's done this to both of us . No . You don 't know what you 're doing . He 's the one to blame ! Mrs. Thibedeaux ? Mrs. Thibedeaux ! Mulder . Mrs. Thibedeaux ? What happened ? She had a razor . She tried to kill me , but something stopped her . Where 'd she go ? I don 't know . Can you stand ? I think so . I 'll help you up the stairs . - Thank you . - This is Agent Mulder . I need an ambulance to 238 North 54th Street . I also need an APB on B.J. Morrow . Yes , that 's Detective Morrow . She should be considered armed and dangerous . B.J. ' s going after Tillman . The first murder occurred after B.J. found out she was pregnant . She 's looking for someone to blame . - I think that 's Tillman . - I don 't think so , Scully . I think if she 's going to go after anyone , it 'll be Cokely . - Why ? - She 's probably figured out by now that Cokely 's her grandfather . She 's looking for someone to blame , it 'll be him . Cokely 's not answering his phone . I 'm going over there . Agent Scully , I got to talk to you . We 're getting a statement . You 've accused B.J. of murder ? Can we talk about this outside ? No , here ! Now ! Have you seen Detective Morrow ? No , but I have not , but I don 't care what you 've accused her of . Detective Morrow could not hurt anybody . Detective Morrow broke into this woman 's house and attacked her with a razor . Oh , come on ! I do not believe that ! It 's true . It happened . Look , Hildy , I only acted like any husband that didn 't want to see his home broken up . - What home ? - What home ? Don 't you remember the home I promised you ? Sure I do . That was the one we were going to have right after the honeymoon . Honeymoon . Well , is it my fault ? Did I know that coal mine was going to have another cave-in ? I intended to be with you on our honeymoon , Hildy , honest I did . All I know is that instead of two weeks in Atlantic City with my bridegroom , I spent two weeks in a coal mine with John Krupsky . You don 't deny that , do you , Walter ? Deny it ? I 'm proud of it . We beat the whole country on that story . Suppose we did ? That isn 't what I got married for ! Who 's there ? Cokely ? Who 's there ? No . How does it feel to be on the other side of the razor , brother ? Stop ! No ... no ! Please , no ! You know the rules . This doesn 't stop till you 're dead . Cokely ? Cokely ? No . Don 't , B.J. Don 't . Don 't . No ! This time , you 'll stay dead . Freeze ! B.J. ! What are you doing ? Let him go . Let him go , B.J. I 'm not B.J. Yes , you are . He 's dead . Come on , come on . It 's all right , everything 's going to be all right . It 's going to be okay . We are continuing with genetic testing on Detective Morrow . Evidence suggests the presence of a mutator gene that has activated previously dormant genes , but the results so far are inconclusive . Detective Morrow has not demonstrated any further physiological changes . Extensive blood work and psychological testing has been conducted in order to determine whether the pregnancy could have been a catalyst for the transformation . We have yet to determine the effects on the fetus . Amniocentesis results show no genetic abnormalities . Chromosome testing has determined the child 's sex to be male . B.J. is on her second week of suicide watch , after an unsuccessful attempt to abort her son . Lieutenant Tillman has petitioned to adopt the child , and the case will soon be presented to the courts . I made this !
