 You make man ? No , woman . Woman . THEME SONG : Weird science , pictures from a magazine , diagrams and charts , mending broken hearts , and making weird science . Something like a recipe , bits and pieces , and bits and pieces . My creation , is it real ? It 's my creation , my creation . It 's my creation . No hesitation . No heart of gold , just flesh and blood . I do not know . It 's my creation , my creation . It 's my creation . From my heart and form my head , why don 't people understand ? It 's alive , alive ! Onward , ho . I 'm on a pirate ship . Sweeter than ambrosia ' cause everybody knows ya . Yo-ho-ho . Of this you can be sure . Our happy pirate hearts are pure . Very nice , everyone . Just a note on that . Tenors , you 're pirates , not pastry chefs . Try to stomp around a bit more . All right . Let 's move on to the next section , shall we ? Places and cue music . Cue music ! What is that boy up to now ? I 'm still not sure I 'm comfortable with this . Trust me . It 'll look a lot better once I get the glitter on . You really need to get some female friends . PRINCIPAL : Mr. Wallace ! Lulabelle , Lulabelle . Roger , Roger . You give to me . I give to you a salty brand of loving on a crystal sea of a big , bright , twinkling moon . CHORUS : Lulabelle , she 's so swell . Jolly Roger . This is good . This is raw . This is theater . Everyone line up for the poop deck shuffle . Real good job there , Jess . Jessica . Right , sorry . And by the way , quit trying to slip me tongue during the kiss . I had chapped lips . I was just trying to moisten them ! Aw hell . Poor Wyatt . They have such great chemistry onstage too . Too bad it doesn 't spill over into real life . What if it did ? I could make Jessica as goofy in love as her character . What 's the point of having godlike powers if you don 't abuse ' em ? My thoughts exactly . Now , let me concentrate . I don 't wanna screw this spell up . This has to be a surgical strike , quick and clean , laser-precise . Check out the size of that rat . I hear music me lads ! Onward , ho . We 're shoving off , me lads . Our cup was set for slaughter . The blood will flow like water . Maim , loot , maim . We 'll maim and loot some more . It 's mayhem that we 're hungry for ! Ahoy , ' tis a fop . Forward , lads . I wager he 's got booty to spare ! Well , well , a horde of brawny saber-wielding men advancing on me . I don 't mind telling you that I 'm actually quite frightened at the moment . What the hell happened ? Kind of made the musical leak out in the real world . Leak ? This is more than a leak . It did kind of slush out the sides , didn 't it ? Flay the shrinking bugger . Not on my watch . Oh , sweet Roger , I 'd feared the worst . Huh ? Roger , Roger , Roger ! You know , it 's OK for you to call me Wyatt . Why would I call you Wyatt when as sure as the sons are born , and after the black-veiled night , I am your sweet Lulabelle , and you are my Jolly Roger . Gotta be Lisa- - uh , Jessica . By any chance , do you think we 're the characters from the play ? Jessica ? Lulabelle ? Yes , my love ? I 'm a bad , bad person . What happened ? The zap rebounded . You gotta remember , I can 't undo my own magic . You OK ? Yeah . The key 's not to clench up when you see it coming . How could you miss that ball , red ? 'Tis as broad as a blue whale 's belly ! Be you insulting the marksmanship of a pirate king ? No , sir . I wouldn 't do a thing like that , sir . No ! [ GUNSHOT ] Further merriment , we 'll let the mealy worm sing for his life ! I don 't understand ! The king 's gonna make you sing ! Sing for your life . That 's what I 'm suggesting . Or you 'll get a much better look at your lower intestine . Let your sweet voice echo through the halls . Or you 'll see your guts festooned upon the walls ! I 'm really , really , frightened now . And I wish my mommy would come save me . Very , very good . Very good . Please , flatter an old man . Had I lured those dulcet tones at sea , you surely would have lured me into the rocks . I think I 'll be keeping you around ! Onward , ho . We 're off into the halls . We sail across the tiles that seem to stretch for miles ! Yo-ho-ho . Sweet , sizzling skidmarks . Who 's been shaking the freak tree ? Is the land scum taunting us ? I 'm afraid it 's our vessel , sir . It 's not inspiring the terror we 'd hoped . Hey , hey , pal . This is a trouble-free zone . I 'm just here to pick up my brother . Avast , bilge rat . Sing for your life ! Sing , sing , sing , sing , sing , sing , sing , sing . The king 's gonna make you sing ! Sing for your l- - I hate show tunes . My , he 's bested the Cap 'n ! Long live the new pirate king . [ SHOUTING ] Arr ! All right , you lusty sea dogs , break it up . I don 't know who wished what , but thank you , thank you , thank you . Save the gratitude . The school 's been overrun by a band of bloodthirsty , psychotic pirates . And If . We don 't do something quick , we may not live to see tomorrow . Are your toenails painted ? Huh ? Chester , Chester , snap out of it . It 's me , Principal Scampi . Never heard of you , slave . Chet the pirate ? Why does that make sense to me ? Go forth , Roger . Acquaint them with the business end of your fine , English steel . Are you kidding ? Those pirates have big , pointy swords . Mine 's rubber ! Over here , you cowardly sea dogs . My Jolly Roger will cut you from stem to stern and back again ! Brave Roger , why do you scuttle away like the cowardly fiddler crab ? Because like the wily fiddler crab , I value a tactical retreat . Look , boys , two for the killing and two for the keeping . Am I one for the keeping ? WOMAN ( ON TAPE ) : You see the female body in the second trimester of pregnancy prepare to provide sustenance to the new baby . You may notice the breasts have become fuller , rounder , more shapely . My Roger 's righteous blade shall puncture your scurvy- - Sweet Roger , do you take me to safety so that my virgin eyes will not be soiled by the blood-soaked mayhem to be inflicted by your mighty sword arm - Yeah . WOMAN ( ON TAPE ) : The miracle of childbirth . Having served its function , the afterbirth is now expelled . Cap 'n , I be ready to go now . Where be the yellow mongrels ? Excuse me , fellas . Maybe we should forget about those kids and go find us some treasure . Know ye of treasure ? I have a map . Excellent . Kill him . Take the map . But wait , wait , wait , wait . I don 't have it on me . I left it on the Xerox machine . Why don 't I go get it and come back with it . The map , that is . Cap 'n , the Xerox room be that way . After him ! MAN : Hoist the sails and weigh anchor ! So that giant hole in the wall , is it new ? Onward , ho . We 're off into the streets for pillage and for plunder while tearing folks asunder . Yo-ho-ho . We 'll raise our sabers high and chop them into shepherd 's pie ! Steady as she goes ! What are ye , on holiday ? Pedal faster , you foppish prat , or I 'll use your tongue as a tattoo blotter . I hate that one . There 's a ship off to starboard , Cap 'n . Fire ! Arr , we be home , boys ! Onward , ho , into the petting zoo , inflicting bloody traumas on baby goats and llamas . Yo-ho-ho . Adventure waits inside . Perhaps I 'll get a pony ride ! Help yourself to one of these ! Life is good , my sons . A bundle of booty , a village ripe for terrorizing , and all the churros you can eat . Take another drink . Go , my sweet . Slay the miscreants . - Shh . Not so loud ! My love gives me the courage of a hundred lions , for Jolly Roger will always protect me ! [ MUFFLED SHOUTING ] It 's OK . They didn 't hear us . Knock it off . Oh , you 've got spirit , little one . I think I 'll have a bit of sport with you before I cleave your mottled carcass . He 's a lively one ! What was that ? Of course , it 's the hats . We have to knock the hats off the pirates , and then they turn back into the dressmaker 's dummies . It makes perfect sense . Oh yeah , perfect sense . How did you become a genie anyway ? Win a radio contest ? We 've gotta get in close and knock the hats off . Without those pirates chopping us into bite-sized chunks ? Tell me how . I 've got a plan . That 's it ! [ MUSIC PLAYING ] Arr , I hear music . Every fiber of my pirate being is torn . I should slice you into seabiscuits . But the music beckons . Singing pirates , they 're conditioned to respond to music . Yeah , but disco music ? I can 't fight it . You should be impaled on my sword , but my heart says sing , and my feet say boogie . Join the pirates ! Be a bawdy buccaneer ! Join the pirates ! Inhibitions disappear . The pirates watch you , and we don 't like to beg , so start shaking a wooden leg ! Join the pirates ! Bring your cutlass and your sword . Join the pirates ! If you 've got a shaky gourd . You can plunder a ship full of Spanish dubloons while your buddies are chanting tunes ! Booty , booty , everybody get some booty . Booty , booty , everybody shake that booty . This is church , and this is the steeple . We 're the original village people . It 's fun to hang with the- - Pirates ! We 'll set a course for Funky Town . Join the pirates . Do the hustle as your drown . We don 't know your sign , and we don 't wear tight jeans , but we 're seafaring sex machines . Our boys are buff and scarred , our wenches soft and curvy , but they 'll suck a lemon to avoid the scurvy . Captain , slow and sexy , and baby , he can go all night . He fires , fires off that cannon , my , my , my , until he gets it right . [ CANNONFIRE ] Got to , got to , got to , got to , got to join with the- - Pirates ! And learn complicated knots . Join the pirates ! [ INAUDIBLE ] We 've got plenty of rum . Grab a bottle and drink till your timbers are shivering ! Join the pirates . Bring your crossbones and your skull . Join the pirates . Or we 'll strap you to the hull . Ahoy . We 've got looting to do . Join the pirates . Teach your parrot how to dance ? Angus ? Mr. Bloody ? Hooksie ? It 's over , Chet . You 're on your own . Give it up . Never . Ye have not defeated me while I still breathe . I will return . The sun will be blackened by the smoke from your burning cities . I 'll lay waste to your navies . And the charred bones of my enemies will fill your cities . Oh crap ! Man , this water reeks . There 's a new captain in town . And his name is Jolly Roger . Lulabelle , Lulabelle ? Roger , Roger . I gave to you . You gave to me a salty brand of loving on a tiny pond of brackish , stagnant sea . THEME SONG : Weird science , fantasy and microchips , shooting from the ship , something different . We 're making weird science . Pictures from a magazine , bits and pieces , bits and pieces , bits and pieces . My creation . Is it real ? It 's my creation . I do not know . It 's my creation . From my heart and from my head , why don 't people understand my intentions ?
