 From space , it seems an abstraction ... a magician 's trick on a darkened stage . And from this distance , one might never imagine that it is alive . It first appeared in the sea almost four billion years ago , in the form of single-celled life . In an explosion of life spanning millions of years , nature 's first multicellular organisms began to multiply . And then it stopped . 440 million years ago , a great mass extinction would kill off nearly every species on the planet , leaving the vast oceans decimated and empty . Slowly , plants began to evolve , then insects , only to be wiped out in the second great mass extinction upon the Earth . The cycle repeated again and again ... reptiles emerging , independent of the sea , only to be killed off . Then dinosaurs struggling to life , along with the first birds , fish and flowering plants , their decimations Earth 's fourth and fifth great extinctions . Only 100,000 years ago , homo sapiens appear ... man . From cave paintings to the Bible to Columbus to Apollo 11 , we have been a tireless force upon the Earth and off , cataloguing the natural world as it unfolds to us . Rising to a world population of over five billion people , all descended from that original single cell ... that first spark of life . But for all our knowledge , what no one can say for certain is what or who ignited that original spark . Is there a plan , a purpose or a reason to our existence ? Will we pass , as those before us , into oblivion , into the sixth extinction that scientists warn is already in progress ? Or will the mystery be revealed through a sign ... a symbol ... a revelation ? Yes , get me the international operator , please . I need to place a call to the United States . Excuse me , I 'm looking for the Biology Department , for a Professor Sandoz . Dr. Sandoz ? Professor Sandoz , I 'm Solomon Merkmallen . Dr. Merkmallen . My God . I thought something had happened to you . Oh . Did you not get my message ? We were delayed in Frankfurt . Look , the important thing is you 're here now , - and you 're safe . - Yes . Uh ... you brought me something ... this , uh ... this discovery of yours . Yes . I 'm quite anxious to see it . I was concerned I might be relieved of it in customs . There was some trouble with the X-ray machine in Germany . What kind of trouble did you have ? I told you of its power . Yes , of course . My credentials were the only thing that prevented me from being further detained . I can 't explain how it is , but the two pieces have become one . I was hoping they 'd match the piece that you 've found , so that you might see for yourself its magic . Have you had any luck reading it ? You 're not Dr. Sandoz , are you ? A case like this , I of course thought of your obvious interest ... Dr. Merkmallen 's views and theories being what they were . I believe Agent Mulder is familiar with his work . Dr. Solomon Merkmallen , professor of biology , University of Ivory Coast . He flew in yesterday from Africa . Two hours later , he was apparently murdered at American University . His body is missing , but there was enough blood found on the floor to make a fair assumption . A couple of students also confirmed that they spoke to him when he asked them for directions to find a Dr. Steven Sandoz , also a professor of biology . Both men espouse a fringe theory called " panspermia . " It 's the belief that life originated ... Elsewhere ... in this universe . You 've heard of this ? Yeah . It 's the idea that Mars or other planets were habitable long before Earth , and that , uh , cosmic collisions on these planets blasted microbes into our solar system , some of which landed and flourished here . You 'd accept that as plausible ? Well , almost any scientist would ... theoretically . I mean , it 's just a theory . That 's about it , though . You don 't think this has anything to do with his death , do you ? Dr. Merkmallen found an artifact in his country . This is a rubbing of that artifact . He claimed it contained a message ... not only of his Mars theories , but the very meaning of human existence . Much less plausible . Dr. Sandoz , the man he 'd come to meet , made a similar claim in a science journal . He said he 'd found a artifact that was almost identical to that with similar writings on it . And what was it supposed to say ? Well , we 'd have to ask Dr. Sandoz that . Well , why don 't we ? We can 't . He 's missing . What are we doing , Mulder ? This is a police matter at best . Skinner wants us on the case . Are you going to try and convince me that you have no personal interest in this case ? I am just a hired gun for the FBI . Oh , come on . What if there 's something to this ? Two men suggesting that we 're all Martians . Now , why would they possibly come into foul play ? That 's what we 're being asked to figure out . I mean , this endless pursuit of the truth , Mulder , it just ... it doesn 't make any sense to me now . Mulder ? Did you hear a word of what I just said ? No . No ? Well , maybe you didn 't want to hear it . No ... I couldn 't hear it . Mulder . Look , after all you 've done , after all you 've uncovered ... a conspiracy of men doing human experiments , men who are all now dead ... you exposed their secrets . I mean , you 've won . What more could you possibly hope to do or to find ? My sister . Guess I was right about this being a police matter . Detective . Can I help you ? Agents Mulder and Scully with the FBI . What do you have here ? Probable weapon ... blood and hair on it . Looks like prints , too . - Any word on this Dr. Sandoz ? - No . But we 're being told the prints are very likely his . Told by whom ? Man your partner 's speaking with . I 'm Fox Mulder with the FBI . I 'm Dr. Barnes , head of the department . They 've asked me to suspend classes and organize interviews with the faculty . Any ideas yourself about what happened here ? There 's plenty of speculation . About the missing Dr. Sandoz ? Apart from his laughable ideas , my colleague was capable of almost anything to advance his rather questionable reputation . Capable of murder ? Dr. Sandoz 's notes are full of talk about an artifact coming over from West Africa . But like the man who was bringing it , that artifact has yet to be located . Are you speaking of this ? Mulder ? Do you know Dr. Sandoz believes this writing was from aliens ? These are trivial men . They have no patience for the scientific process . They 're happy to read their names in the tabloids . Pseudoscientists . Beyond embarrassment . What is it , Mulder ? I don 't know . It 's , uh ... a hollow noise . Same thing that happened to me at work in the elevator this morning . You have a fever ? This is going to sound weird , but I think it 's that thing . You 're not kidding . It 's just a piece of paper . I recognize the ideography . You 're late . I 'm sorry . I thought this was my office . Fox . I called Chuck , as I knew you would , for authentication , and to get his professional opinion on how you say it 's affecting you . Fascinating , Mulder . - You don 't believe it , Chuck ? - No , no . You know me . This is right up my twisted little alley . So , uh ... what exactly are you experiencing ? Noise . Aural dissonance . It comes and it goes . Is it happening right now ? No , but it was a few minutes ago . And it 's only affecting you ... triggered by the rubbing . Wow . That blows me away . Why ? Because the rubbing is a fake , and I 'm not the first one to say so . The writing is Cree ... phonetic Navajo ... but no literal interpretation makes any sense . And the fact that it was found in Africa makes it all the more suspicious as a fabrication . Suspicious of what ? Do you know what a magic square is ? Yeah . It has to do with the occult . Right . Very cool . They first appear in the ninth century in history , but , uh as the story goes , God himself instructed Adam in their use , and then handed down the secret to all his saints and prophets and wise men as a way of trapping and storing potential power to the person whose name or numerical correlative exercises that power . That 's what this thing is ? Well , that 's what someone would have you believe this is . How do you know that ? As it turns out , neither of us had to go very far to find out . Barnes documented Sandoz 's fakery once before . If he was blunt about his colleague when we met him , in here , he is downright brutal . Does he back any of that up ? Well , it 's quite scholarly , actually . Barnes has made something of a career exposing science and religious fraud . Name your wonder of the world ... he 's been there , debunked that . Yeah , but wouldn 't it be in his great interest to hide something that he couldn 't disprove with his scholarship ? Well , Mulder , if it were real , then why would an American Indian artifact be fused in rock on the west coast of the African continent ? Well , in 1996 , a rock from Mars was found in Antarctica . How did it get there ? It was from outer space . Begs the question , doesn 't it ? Why produce a fraud with Navajo writing in Africa ? Mulder ? Hey . Step outside . Step outside . You 're in pain . No , it 's going away . Mulder , whatever is causing this , I think it needs immediate attention . I 'm going to schedule you an imaging scan . No , I 'm okay . I really am . Mulder , you 're not okay . If nothing else , you should be at home in bed . I 'm not going home to bed , Scully . I think I know what 's causing this . And I know what happened to those two professors and that artifact . I got a sense of it yesterday when I met that man Barnes . - You had a sense of it ? - Yes . This man Solomon Merkmallen is dead . Barnes knows it . He killed him . Killed him in that lab . Well , I hope you 're not going to suggest that we arrest him on that rather baseless assumption . No , I 'm not . Not until after I show you what he did with the body . I been all through the place . You know what you 're looking for ? Let you know if we find it . Ah . Cops have been here , too , you know . They couldn 't find nothing , either . Feh . We 'll come get you to lock up . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Whatever happened to Dr. Sandoz , he certainly liked to fly south for the winter ... a lot . Gallup , New Mexico . Navajo country . Well , I think I know who he was going to see . That 's Albert Hosteen . Your World War II code-talker . Maybe he was using him to read the symbols on the artifact . Or write them . Mulder , you also said that we 'd find a body . Care to make good on that prediction ? Scully , you packing any latex ? No . Why ? Doesn 't it smell like somebody forgot to take out the garbage ? Oh , God . So you think Dr. Sandoz is innocent ? He 's afraid for his life because of what he knows and what he has . This ? Genuine artifact ... one of several pieces of an unknown whole . Dr. Barnes has one now , too . That 's why he killed Solomon Merkmallen . But the way his body was disposed of ... Was to incriminate Sandoz , to make him look like the killer . It 's also to hide something . Something that no one would think to look for . Scully , could you please tell ... what your medical exam found in the lab report ? Parts of his body were missing ... his arms , his hands , uh , parts of his vital organs and his thyroid . All of which would retain telltale traces of radiation . Radiation from what ? The artifact . On Agent Mulder 's urging , I ran tissue samples through what 's called a charged particle directional spectrometer . Uh , there were traces of a kind of radiation called CGR . Cosmic galactic radiation . It 's a type of radiation that 's found only outside our solar system . Agent Scully ? I don 't know how to explain it , but I feel that we can make an arrest . Oh , forget the arrest . We got to find these artifacts . Agent Mulder ? Is there someone else on this case , sir ? Excuse me ? There 's someone else on this case ... you 're not telling me . What the hell is he talking about ? I hear it ... in my head . Mulder , let 's go . Mulder , you 're losing it . No , I 'm not . Listen to me ... he 's not telling the truth . I 'm hearing people . He 's spying on us . Mulder , you need to see a doctor . I need to find those artifacts . I 'll find the artifacts . You need to go home right now . Mulder . Is there something you 're looking for ? Yes , I was looking to speak to Mr. Hosteen . Mr. Hosteen cannot accept any visitors at this time . Yes , I understand . I saw him wheeled out of here in an emergency . Can you tell me what 's wrong with him ? I 'm not allowed to give out that kind of information . I , um ... I know him . He 's helped me in the past . I 'm sure that he wouldn 't mind you telling me . Albert has cancer . He 's suffering from its effects . He 's dying . Dr. Barnes ? Hey ! Hey ! Okay ... I need answers from you . You the man who called ? Dr. Barnes . Yes . Dr. Barnes , you and I are ... destined to be great friends . Albert was the only translator who didn 't dismiss me out of hand . When I showed him the original artifact , he sensed immediately its power and importance . Trouble was , it was only one fragment ... not enough to read . But then other pieces surfaced . Dr. Merkmallen found two more in the tidal shallows . He sent me a rubbing . Suddenly , Albert was able to make a real translation . A passage from the Bible on an artifact that you 're saying is extraterrestrial . And , uh , how did the aliens get it ? They gave it to us . The text came from them . I can prove it . It 's written here . I 'm sure of it . Albert was working to translate another section when his health turned . And , uh ... this was going to tell us what ? I don 't know yet . Albert said it just seemed to be random letters . Hello ? Hello ? I 'm sorry . I 'm trying to reach Fox Mulder . Hold on , please . Fox ? Hello ? Mulder , where are you ? I 'm here . I 'm resting . Where ? Who answered the phone ? I 'm home . It 's okay . Where are you ? I 'm in New Mexico , with Dr. Sandoz . Does he have the artifact ? Mulder , this , uh ... artifact , if I 'm to believe what I 'm being told about it ... What ? It has a passage on it from Genesis . Scully , that artifact is extraterrestrial . Mulder , it can 't be . Did you know what that would mean ? No , it would mean nothing , Mulder . No , it 'd mean that our progenitors were alien , that our genesis was alien , that we 're here because of them , that they put us here . Mulder , that is science fiction . It doesn 't hold a drop of water . You 're wrong . It holds everything . Don 't you see ? All the mysteries of science , everything we can 't understand or won 't explain , every human behaviorism ... cosmology , psychology , everything in the X Files ... it all owes to them . It 's from them . Mulder , I will not accept that . It is just not possible . Well , then you go ahead and prove me wrong , Scully . Yes , it 's Diana Fowley calling for him . I received a call from Agent Mulder this evening . He was in a particular state of distress . I don 't know why , but I 'm staying here until I find out . ... final preparations for mass destruction on a scale that can only be imagined . Well , what can we do to stop them ? There appears to be nothing we can do to prevent it . It becomes a question of managing the crisis . Otherwise , we 're facing annihilation ourselves . It began with an act of supreme violence ... a big bang expanding ever outward , cosmos born of matter and gas ... matter and gas ... ten billion years ago . Whose idea was this ? Who had the audacity for such invention ? And the reason ? Were we part of that plan ten billion years ago ? Are we born only to die ? To be fruitful and multiply and replenish the Earth before giving way to our generations ? If there is a beginning , must there be an end ? We burn like fires in our time , only to be extinguished . To surrender to the elements ' eternal reclaim . Matter and gas . Will this all end one day ? Life no longer passing to life , the Earth left barren like the stars above , like the cosmos . Will the hand that lit the flame let it burn down ? Let it burn out ? Could we , too , become extinct ? Or if this fire of life living inside us is meant to go on , who decides ? Who tends the flames ? Can he reignite the spark even as it grows cold and weak ? The healing ceremony has begun , if you want to go inside . No , I , uh ... I don 't think that 's right . I don 't share in their faith . The medical doctors say they 've done everything they could . I know . I think they have . I 'm sorry . Scully . It 's Skinner . Where are you ? I 'm with Dr. Sandoz . Where ? In Gallup , New Mexico . Where are you ? A hospital in Georgetown . I 'm calling with some bad news . Mulder 's in serious condition here . What happened to him ? Nobody knows , Agent Scully . You should do whatever you can to get here as soon as possible . I have to go . I have to leave . Please , don 't let anyone know where I am ... until we know for sure . They just told me he 's in the special psychiatric unit . I told you on the phone ... No , you said that there was bad news . You didn 't tell me what was wrong . I 'm sorry . It just took me three flights to get here . I don 't know what to do , Dana . No one else does , either . I knew you 'd want to be here to see him , to talk to the doctors . What ? What is it ? Thank you for coming . He was asking for you last night . You really shouldn 't be in here . What 's wrong with him ? This man right here , Fox Mulder . We 're not sure what 's wrong with him , and we don 't know what to do for him . He 's got extremely abnormal brain function , but there is no signs of stroke . We 're waiting to run more tests . Waiting for what ? He 's extremely violent . With what we 've given him , he should be in a barbiturate coma , but there 's brain activity in areas we 've never seen before . - I want to talk to him . - No . He 's a danger to anyone . Not to me . Can we speak in the hall ? About what ? Agent Scully . When did all this start ? When we took this case . When Skinner gave it to us . What kind of case is it ? Investigation into a murder . Of whom ? The case has nothing to do with what 's happened to him . Agent Scully says it does . You know my background , my previous work on the X Files . If I can help on this case ... The X File here is a fraud . Scully has ample proof of that ... evidence authenticated by a scholar and authority . I never sent you that report . Anyway , the case is being resolved . Not as far as it affects Agent Mulder . If you know what 's happening , why won 't you tell me ? Why were you with him last night ? He called me . I found him in a university stairwell . He could barely speak . He said I was the only one who 'd believe him ... about an artifact . You 're a liar . Scully ! You 're both liars . Hello . Agent Scully , Dr. Sandoz . I 'm sorry , I didn 't know how else to reach you . There 's something ... Dr. Sandoz , I-I don 't know if this is a secure line . Yes , all right , but I realized something . The letters Albert translated on the artifact ... I know what they are . What they are ? Yes . They 're coordinates , Agent Scully . For what ? For genes . They 're symbols for gene clusters ... the human genome . Are you there ? Yeah . I think it 's all here . The map to our human genetic makeup , every gene on every chromosome ... proof of what I 've been saying . If only we could find more pieces . Dr. Sandoz ? Hello ? Dr. Sandoz ? It 's the same . I 'll take you , but they are afraid . I made this !
