 I 'm so sorry , Becky . If there 's anything we can do for you ... anything at all , just let us know . Thank you so much . It would have meant a lot to him . Oh , thank you . Thank you for coming . Mrs. Crouch I 'm sorry for your loss . Thank you , Mister ... Johnson . I worked briefly with your husband . I was impressed by him . Very much so . Thank you . I 'm sorry . Hell of a Christmas , Raymond . He 's at peace now . That 's one small comfort to be drawn . Didn 't even leave a note . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live , and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live , and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in me though he were dead , yet shall he live and whosoever liveth and believeth in me ... shall never die . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in me though he were dead , yet shall he live , and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . He that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . Thank you , ma 'am . Are you with the FBI , too ? Yes , sir . Look , I know my job . The man was deceased . I 'm sorry ? I understand that he was one of your own , but these rumors I 'm hearing that I put a living human being into the ground ... you people better get your facts straight real fast . Mulder , you been spreading rumors ? Why ? You hear any good ones lately ? Not particularly . So what do you have here ? Merry Christmas , by the way , Scully . Thank you . Merry Christmas to you , too . Grave robbery with a twist . Check out the headliner , Scully . Well , it looks like someone on the inside was trying to get out . Indeed it does . And to answer your question , no , I haven 't been spreading any rumors . The local PD 's been doing a pretty good job of that , ever since they matched the fingerprints of the dead man to these . And to those up there on that headstone . There 's a big juicy handprint on the back . What about the person or persons who did the digging ? Well ... got one pile of dirt . I 'm guessing one man with a shovel . Other than that , last night 's rain hasn 't left us much to go on . Well , go ahead , Scully , naysay me . The body of an FBI agent gets disinterred , only to climb out on its own and disappear into the yuletide night . See , you had me up until there . - Did I ? - I think it 's what you said before . I think it 's a grave robbery with a twist . You 've got the fingerprints and the torn casket liner . Most likely , it 's rigged evidence that 's been faked by whoever exhumed the body . Faked for what effect ? Publicity . Fear . Rumors . I mean , I don 't know what specific effect , but nonetheless it 's ... What ? Looks like blood . ... and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live , and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live , and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . I am the resurrection and the life . Special Agent Raymond Crouch ... age 56 . Married , no children . After a sterling 21-year career with the Bureau , he retired in 1993 . And then earlier this month , he was found in the garage of his Tallahassee home , service weapon in hand . Definitely self-inflicted ? I read over the report , and there 's no indication otherwise . How about a motive for the grave robberies ? We 've gone through all the cases Crouch had a hand in . He doesn 't seem to have made any enemies . Same thing with his personal life . No large debts , no feuds with neighbors , never a bad word against him . Nothing stands out ? Should something stand out ? Agent Mulder , what 's your take on this ? Well , only that I don 't think it was grave robbery , per se . It was necromancy . The summoning of the dead . It 's a form of magic dating back to primitive shamanism with a long tradition in the Christian Church . Through it , the dead are brought back to life for the purposes of divulging arcane knowledge or performing ritual tasks . So that 's what this wacko thought he was doing , raising the dead ? That 's what he was doing . This is a , uh ... That 's a magic circle drawn in goat 's blood . The rain washed most of it away . The blood attracts the spirits of the undead , while the circle focuses the necromancer 's power while protecting him from the spirits that he 's conjuring . Okay . He may also desire to wear the clothes of the dead man to create a bond between them . You would not want to be this man 's dry cleaner . Obviously , there are clear ritualistic elements to this crime . But the question is : why were they directed at Raymond Crouch ? That is the question . Well , let 's come up with an answer . Mulder , Scully , a word , please . Necromancy aside , this magic circle you mentioned ... what if it looked something like this ? It 's an Ouroboros . Possibly . Definitely a mystical symbol . The alchemists favored it . They believed that it represented all of existence . I 'm thinking more the Millennium Group . It was their symbol as well . Are you familiar with them ? Yes , somewhat . They were former FBI agents who offered consulting services to law enforcement . Somehow , they fell into disrepute . They operated in extreme secrecy . Rumors abounded that they had their own agenda , which was less than altruistic , if not improper or illegal . And that it was , in fact , a cult based upon Judeo-Christian end-time prophesies concerning the coming millennium . Was Raymond Crouch a member ? I can 't seem to find out . Apparently , the group dissolved several months ago . They left no paper trail ... nothing . However ... I do have three other grave desecrations , all within the last six months . Long Island , Northern California , Arizona . All three graves contained the bodies of former FBI agents . All three were recent suicides . How long were you going to sit on this ? Owing to the Millennium Group 's former ties with the Bureau , this matter is sensitive , to say the least . Investigate them . Keep a low profile . I think I know where to start . How well do you know this man ? Only by reputation . He left ViCAP before I got there . But he 's been called the greatest criminal profiler that Quantico ever produced . What 's he doing here ? Morning . Apparently , he checked himself in for a 30 day observation . I gather the last few years haven 't been very kind to him . If there 's anybody that can tell us about the Millennium Group , it 's him . He used to consult for them . Later , he fought to bring them down at the expense of his own career and reputation . - Single-minded . - Yeah . Sounds like someone I know . ... 12 yard line and they are threatening ... Frank Black ? ... pounding on the door of Boston College . Hi , my name is Fox Mulder . This is my partner Dana Scully . It 's a pleasure to meet you . You mind if we sit down ? Higgins tries the middle and he gets ... nowhere . Who 's playing ? Uh , it 's Notre Dame and Boston College . Ah , the Fighting Irish and the Golden Eagles , huh ? What can I do for you , Agents ? Well , we 're working on a case that , uh , we feel you might have some particular insight into ... the deaths of four FBI agents . Do you recognize these men ? I do . All four committed suicide in the last six months . All were exhumed from their graves in a ritual desecration . They were members of the Millennium Group . Is that correct ? Sir , we 've been having a really difficult time gleaning any information whatsoever about the group ... about its membership , its practices . I believe you can help us . No , thank you . I 'm retired . I think you can tell by the circumstances that I 'm trying to put my life back together . I can 't get involved in this . We 're not asking you to get involved . I 'm just asking you to take a look at the case file . No , thank you . Mr. Black , the day after tomorrow is January 1 , 2000 . That 's the significant date for these people . That doesn 't leave us much time . Don 't you want to see them stopped ? Well , Mr. Black , you are not what I was expecting . Agent Mulder . Yes . It 's first and 18 . Just let me watch this game in peace . It 's third and ten , and Notre Dame ... It 's third and ten , Notre Dame . - Happy New Year . - Same to you . Evening . Hi . Could I , uh , give you a hand ? Oh , no , I 'm about done , but thanks . Guess I ran over a nail or something . Well , I can help you see , at least . Yeah , I 've been driving all night . Be good to get home . I hear you . Man ... whew . What is that ? Oh , yeah . I think a deer maybe must 've died out there in the woods . Sir ? What 's in the truck ? Nothing . Mind if I take a look ? There 's nothing in there , so ... Drop that , take two steps back . Drop it . He who believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live , and shall never die . I am the resurrection and the life . Stand up there ! Stand up ! Let me see your hands ! - I am the resurrection ... - What ? ! - He who believeth in me ... - Speak up ! Hey . I 've got the men concentrating on the woods . Our necromancer was definitely here . Salt . Heavy magic . Well , if you 're going to tell me that he , uh , stopped by the side of the road to raise the dead , which I hope you 're not , I 've got two things to say to you . One is that his previous circles were made of blood , not salt , and two ... And they were large enough to contain a body . This is just a protective circle . It 's just big enough for one man to stand inside . Protecting himself against what ? Whatever it was that did that . Agents ! Over here ! I saw a lump in the ground . My God . Bite marks . They look human . More salt . " I am he that liveth and was dead ; " and , behold , I am alive for evermore , amen ; and have the keys of hell and of death . " Book of Revelation , chapter one , verse 18 . Go , Fighting Irish . First and 18 . It 's not football , it 's Revelations . You wanted to tell us something , Frank . Why don 't you just come out and say it ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . I told you , I cannot get involved in this . Right , so you 'll occasionally drop a little arcane hint ? A police officer was murdered , Frank . Why do you want to play around ? Your denial 's a sign that you obviously know something about that . You knew that we 'd find this . What are you afraid of ? Losing your daughter . You 're in a custody battle with the parents of your late wife . I just spoke with your doctor . That 's why you 're here . They claimed I was an unfit father , that I was obsessed with conspiracy , the end of the world , that my work meant more to me than my daughter Jordan . The thing is ... they were right . And so you retired . I will sell insurance . I 'll do whatever it takes . I 'll get well and I 'll jump through whatever hoops they want , but I will not mention the Millennium Group again . But you obviously want to help . You ... dropped that clue on us . Look , Frank , nobody needs to know about this . We 're just three people sitting around talking . The Book of Revelation describes the end of the physical world in a battle between heaven and hell , good against evil . The Millennium Group believed that that time was upon us . These four represent a schism in the group . They believe that for the end time to come , as it must , that man must take an active hand in bringing that about . And to that end , they committed suicide . Yeah . With the express purpose of being brought back to life . The Four Horsemen of the apocalypse . These four men bring with them war , pestilence , famine and death . So that all the dead of the earth will arise ... Armageddon . It must begin with the dawn of the millennium , or not at all . That 's what they believe . The man you 're looking for ... your necromancer ... he exhumed these men in accordance with their wishes . So is he a member of the Millennium Group as well ? No , they sought him out . He believes he 's doing God 's work , but he 's mistaken . Could you tell us a little bit more about this man ? Well , he 's a white male , 45 to 50 . He 's a religious man , no police record , no fulfilling relationship . You would pass him without giving him a glance . So this is the one event that 'll give his life meaning . Yeah . He needs privacy for this . He 'll live alone ... possibly in the house he grew up in . Most likely it 's a large rural property , away from prying eyes . He 'll own a truck or a van . He needs it to transport the bodies . There 'll be high fences , " no trespassing " signs . It 's a solitary existence . He 's worked around death all his life in some capacity ... a funeral parlor or a cemetery . Death comforts him . A Rice County sheriff 's deputy missing ... He took great care in burying the deputy and preparing the body , despite the fact that he feared being caught . He stapled the lips , sealed the mouth shut . It was to prevent the man from coming back to life . He believes , that if disturbed , the deputy will rise from the dead . It 's too soon for that , which is why when he realizes the deputy has been discovered , he 'll feel a need to take action . He 'll return to the body the first chance he gets . Rice County morgue . I think you 'll catch him there . These four members of the Millennium Group , the ones that " truly liveth who were dead " ... these are the ones we have to catch . - Mr. Black ? - Yeah ? You 've got a phone call . I think it might be your daughter . Thank you . My daughter . Excuse me . Mulder , you 're telling me it 's more important to track down four dead bodies than one live murderer . He 's not our murderer , and those four dead bodies aren 't dead . And the millennium is 14 hours away . Mulder , these people , even when they were alive , mangled biblical prophecy to the extent that it 's unrecognizable . The year 2000 is just their artificial deadline . And besides , 2001 is actually the start of the new millennium . Nobody likes a math geek , Scully . Anyway , I think that Frank 's profile is sound . I do , too . I think with it , we have our best chance of finding this necromancer , as you call him . So I am going down to the county morgue . I absolutely think you should . And what are you going to do ? Follow the profile . The deputy was killed on a road that connects from the north with no major highway . I 'm thinking our necromancer lives nearby . I 'm going to do a rundown on all single landowners in the area , see where the bodies are buried , so to speak . Oh , Scully , will you do me a favor ? Don 't let anybody remove the staples from the deputy 's mouth , okay ? Please ? Just humor me . Thanks . Proceeding with the visual examination of the mouth . Geez . You 've reached the Rice County morgue ... What appears to be salt is packed into the victim 's mouth . This is Agent Dana Scully ... God only knows why . I 'm removing it . You 've reached the Rice County morgue . No one can come to the phone . This is Agent Dana Scully with the FBI . Please do not autopsy the murder victim that was brought in earlier ... the sheriff 's deputy . If you 've already started , stop now . I 'll be there shortly and I 'll explain when I arrive . Hello ? Where is she ? Sir ? How you feeling ? All things considered ? What the hell happened here ? Who is that man ? The sheriff 's deputy . The man we found this morning . He was dead , and then somehow he wasn 't . He attacked me . You shot him ? Three rounds center-of-mass into his chest . No effect . There 's a gunshot wound to his head as well . Yeah , this man , uh , Mulder calls the necromancer , our suspect ... he was here , too . He fired that shot with my gun . He saved me . I have no idea why . He got away , but I was in no shape to follow . Look , sir , I can 't even begin to offer an explanation for what happened , but I have to say it is exactly what Mulder feared . Yeah , which is why I would like to talk to him . Why isn 't he answering his phone ? Welcome to the boondocks . Hey ! Open the door ! Open the door ! Let me out ! Let me out ! Hey ! I haven 't heard from him . He didn 't go to the morgue with you ? No , he went looking for our suspect 's home . No one 's been able to contact him since . I 've got task force agents canvassing the northwestern Maryland area , but it 's a large territory to cover , and we 're running out of time . Sir , I 'm just afraid that Mulder may have found what he 's looking for . I need your help in finding him . Now , you respected my reasons in the past , Agent Scully . Please respect them now . I 'm not sure that I really understand your reasons , sir . And I 'm starting to wonder what this is about and how much you know about it . Mulder mentioned the four Millennium members who " liveth and were dead . " Now , this morning in the morgue , I saw what he was talking about . You did ? One of them attacked me . I 'm sorry . Now , as crazy as this sounds , I have to ask . Do you believe that the Millennium Group is actually capable of bringing about the end-time ? Armageddon ? I understand their beliefs . I 've spent years trying to unravel them , make sense of them . Doesn 't mean I believe them myself . But what if it were true ? Good and evil ... which would prevail ? I 'm sorry . Octavia I 'm going to check myself out . You 'd like a day pass ? I won 't be coming back . Who 's there ? It 's me . You came . I almost didn 't . We 'd given up on you . Thank God . Thank God . There 's someone in the basement . Policeman . He killed one of the members . Shot him in the head . But you 're here . Now we 'll have four . I 'm here . I can 't tell you how happy I am . You were meant to be the fourth . I always knew that . I 'd so hoped you 'd come around . I didn 't want to . The man in the basement ... I told him how to find this place . You ... Why ? I was trying to walk the straight and narrow . Leave the Millennium Group behind . But I know I can 't do that anymore , now that I know you 've succeeded . You didn 't believe the dead would arise ? No . You see what the future holds , Frank . You know you can 't run from it . No , I can 't run . You 've paid so dearly . They 've taken your daughter from you . Murdered your wife . There 's no justice in this world . But there will be in the next . The hour 's near . Are you ready , Frank ? I 'm ready . I am the resurrection and the life . He that believeth in me , though he were dead ... Yet shall he live . Whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . Scully . This is Skinner . We back-checked Frank Black as you asked . And ? He took no calls at Hartwell Psychiatric other than from his daughter , but the staff took messages , including one from a Rice County number . Rice County ... that 's where I am right now . We ran the phone records for Agent Crouch and the other desecration victims . All four received calls from this same number in weeks before their deaths . I 'm going to need an address . Don 't do this . I 'm begging you , please . You know what the world is . Evil goes unpunished . The good suffer . There 's no future here but uncertainty and pain . Let the judgment come ! You 're damning yourself , Frank ! Agent Mulder ? Can you hear me ? Agent Mulder ? Yeah . I 'm down here . They 're all around . You armed ? - Oh , yeah . - Shoot for the head . That seems to stop them . There 's three more of them . - Where ? - I don 't know . They 're hiding . Mulder , can you get up ? Uh , I think so . Look out ! There 's another shot of that beautiful millennium crystal ball all lit up . And they 're getting ready to bring in the New Year . Boy , are they packed in tonight . The body heat alone is keeping them warm . And look at them ... all the way up past 52nd Street . That is that X-shaped thing I was talking about before . This is Times Square ... the crossroads of the world ... Mr. Black . Hi . Mark Johnson 's been taken for psychiatric evaluation . He 'll be put under suicide watch just as you asked . Good . And , um ... What ? There 's someone here to see you . Hi , Daddy ! Hi , little one . Wow . Oh , I missed you , sweetheart . I missed you , too , Daddy . Let 's get out of here . Frank , good luck with everything . Agent Mulder , Agent Scully . I guess this is it , huh ? The ball is on its way , all 1,070 pounds ... You 're not going to stay and watch ? No , we just want to go home . Take care of yourselves . 30 seconds now , 30 . Get ready for the loudest cheering you 'll ever hear in your whole life . Hug your friends and loved ones tight . What the heck , whoever that person is next to you . No time like the present . Are you ready ? Here we go . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two ... Happy New Year , 2000 ! The world didn 't end . No , it didn 't . Happy New Year , Scully . Happy New Year , Mulder . I made this !
