 Each passing year has seen our estimate of the probability of life in space increase , along with our capabilities of detecting it . More and more scientists feel that contact with other civilizations is no longer something beyond our dreams , but is a natural event in the history of mankind that will perhaps occur within the lifetime of many of us . Oh , excuse me . Make way . Let her through . Agent Scully ? Detective Rempulski , Alexandria PD . Thanks for coming down to do this . It him ? Yeah . Agent Scully , please have a seat . Agent Scully , we 've had a brief discussion , but will you restate the matter we 're here to put to rest ? Yes , sir . Four years ago , Section Chief Blevins assigned me to a project you all know as the X Files . As I am a medical doctor with a background in hard science , my job was to provide an analytical perspective on the work of Special Agent Fox Mulder , whose investigations into the paranormal were fueled by a personal belief that his sister had been abducted by aliens when he was 12 . I come here today , four years later , to report on the illegitimacy of Agent Mulder 's work . That it is my scientific opinion that he became over the course of these years a victim- - a victim of his own false hopes and of his belief in the biggest of lies . We 're meeting the guide at base camp . He 'll take us to the site . Has he seen it ? Oh , yeah . He said it 's unbelievable . How soon can we get to the site ? Right now , we 'd be pushing it to be on top by nightfall . I 'd rather sleep seeing it than lay awake all night wondering . It 'll take some work . I 've waited all my life for this day . Let 's do it . Over here . How you doing ? My God . It 's beautiful . Agent Scully , I presume you have a basis for this break from Agent Mulder . Yes , sir . Recent events have shed new light on the factual and physical evidence that would serve to prove the existence of extraterrestrial life , which is the foundation of Agent Mulder 's consuming devotion to his work . What factual evidence ? Agent Mulder was recently contacted by a man whose pursuit of this evidence seemed to coincide with his own . In his intense desire to believe , Agent Mulder was duped by this man . He was fooled by an act of scientific sleight of hand calculated to perpetuate false truths- - the larger lie . I am here today to expose this lie , to show the mechanism of deception that drew him and me into it , and to expose Agent Mulder 's work for what it is . ... remembered it myself , but something about me standing- - I was , like , a two-and-a-half-year-old- - behind him on the stairs and grabbing him by the knees , and then him falling backwards tumbling over me and down the stairs . Hi . Speaking of Bill- - is he coming ? Good evening . May I take your coat ? - Thank you . - Thank you . There he is . Hi . Hello , Dana . Look at you . Look at you , my big brother . I 'm sorry I 'm late . My ship got stuck in traffic . Did you get my birthday card ? Yes , I did . Thanks for remembering this year . Once a decade . Father McCue . Oh . Been waiting for you . How you feeling , Dana ? I 'm fine . Let 's get some dinner , huh ? Yeah , I 'm starving . Everything 's ready . Oh . So the parrot says , " I only got one question . What did that chicken in there do ? " Mom , I 'll open some more wine . Okay . I feel awkward sitting here . I 'm sure you do , too . No . I 'm sorry . I 've known your family for so many years . Your mother asked me to come , that I might have a word with you . I know it 's been some time since we 've spoken ourselves , since you drifted from the church ... Father McCue ... But in time of personal crisis , a threat to your health , turning back to your faith is important and essential . Father McCue ... I appreciate my mother 's concern ... and yours , but I 'm being treated for my cancer and I 'm taking every precaution . Faith can make you stronger . I haven 't felt a need . Um ... I have strength . And ... And I 'm not going to come running back now . It 's just not who I am . I 'd be lying to myself and to you . Dana . Phone . Excuse me . Hello ? Hey , Scully , it 's me . Sorry to interrupt your dinner . No , uh ... is something the matter ? I need your help on something . Somebody named Arlinsky just contacted me over at the Smithsonian . Contacted you about what ? About something he found on a mountain in Canada . What ? I 'd rather not to talk about it over the phone . I just need you to meet me over at the Smithsonian . When ? Right away . I 'm on my way . I 'm going to have to apologize to your brother and mother . This is something that just couldn 't wait though . It 's okay . Who 's this Arlinsky ? He 's a forensics anthropologist that I 've been in contact with over the past four years . Several years ago , he was involved in an embarrassing UFO photo enhancement scandal , but he continues to profess his innocence . What am I coming to see ? I 'm not going to tell you . I want you to decide for yourself . By my rough estimate from the sediment in our ice core samples , the body you 're looking at is over 200 years old . - It looks perfectly intact . - Yeah . That doesn 't make sense . There would 've been signs of predation . Yeah , but the position he was found in- - stuffed in a crevice at high altitude , he may have frozen fast enough to avoid being eaten . Does that fit geologically ? The area where he was found is in the terminal moraine of a glacier which has since receded . 200 years ago , the area where he was frozen was within the tree line , so there would have been a thaw . Who found him ? A Canadian geodetic survey team . Uh , there ... Along with a colleague of mine named Babcock . They 're all still up there on the mountain . Who else knows about this ? No one . I know what your first thought was , but the Saint Elias Range ? That 's a long way to go for a hoax . Well , if you 're going to go , why not go all the way ? Well , I 'm circumspect myself , but the ice core samples I took- - they can 't be faked . You have the ice core samples here ? Yeah . Yeah . One taken from each side of the body . A 360-degree matching integrity of sediment . It 's my sincere belief that what we have here is the complete corpus of an extraterrestrial biological entity . Absolute and irrefutable . Qualitatively indefensible . You go public with this , and nobody 's going to believe you . You also risk never knowing for sure , because the same people who buried the truth so assiduously will be in charge of its authentication . That 's why I came to you . I need to get the specimen out so I can authenticate it . This body means everything to you , Agent Mulder . You 're going to have the proof in your hands . And what do you want ? We just want the credit . You think it 's foolish . I have no opinion , actually . You have no opinion ? This is your holy grail , Mulder , not mine . What is that supposed to mean ? It just means that proving to the world the existence of alien life is not my last dying wish . How about Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny ? This is not some selfish pet project of mine , Scully . I 'm as skeptical of that man as you are , but proof , definitive proof of sentient beings sharing time and existence with us- - that would change everything . Every truth we live by would be shaken to the ground . There is no greater revelation imaginable , no greater scientific discovery . You already believe , Mulder . What difference will it make ? I mean , what will proof change for you ? If someone could prove to you the existence of God , would it change you ? Only if it had been disproven . Then you accept the possibility that belief in God is a lie ? I don 't think about it , actually . And I don 't think that it can be proven . But what if it could be ? Wouldn 't that knowledge be worth seeking ? Or is it just easier to go on believing the lie ? I can 't go with you , Mulder . Well , can you at least take a look at those core samples and tell me if they 're a lie ? That 's all I 'm asking . What I couldn 't tell Agent Mulder , what I had only just learned myself , was that the cancer which had been diagnosed in me several months earlier had metastasized . And the doctors told me , short of a miracle , it would continue to aggressively invade my body , advancing faster each day towards the inevitable . What 's that for ? I don 't know these men well . Do you ? Well enough . I 'm going to be up here alone till you get back . I hope I don 't have to use it . I think you better have a look at this . We were doing a lateral cut to the back corner when I saw something in the ice . Right here . What do you think that is ? I don 't know . It could be a bubble , a weak spot . Or a casting channel , a pour hole- - liquid poured in from the side or above somehow . Poured from where ? I don 't know . The angle wouldn 't make sense . Yeah . You 're right . We 'll never know until we get it out of there . The ion concentration , density and temperature profiles are all consistent . There 's a tight matrix of crystals at about proximal center , suggesting the quick-freezing scenario you mentioned . Here at the terminus , you 've got some particulate hydrocarbons- - jet fuel pollutants found just about everywhere in the world . But not in old ice ? Don 't misunderstand . This is old ice . This sample has numerous layers of sedimentation , like the rings on a tree , essentially . So it hasn 't been tampered with ? No . Not from what I can see here . Can I ask why it is you 're testing this ice ? Uh , another agent asked me to . Do you know where this sample came from ? From a site in the Yukon territory . Why ? There 's some ... cellular material within the matrix . Plant or animal ? I don 't know . It 's what I 'd have to classify a chimera- - a hybrid cell . From what ? As I said , I don 't know . Is it capable of cell division ? I don 't know that either . I 've just now found them . I 'd like to get them under our electron microscope , if that 's okay . Yes , please . What 's going on ? ! I thought you said there was someone meeting us . Yeah , a guide named Rolston . I don 't get it . This had all been arranged . He knew he was supposed to take us up to the summit . I don 't know what to do . We can probably follow this track right up to the site . Maybe we 'll meet him on the way down . Funny place to take a nap . He 's been shot . Oh , my God . It 's our guide ? Yeah . Excuse me . I 'm looking for Dr. Vitagliano . Dr. Vitagliano- - is he here ? Uh , no , I 'm afraid not . I , uh , I was supposed to meet him here actually . I 'm-I 'm a little late . Sorry . Oh , my God ! They 're all dead . They 've been shot . Babcock ! The body . It 's gone . They took it ! No one knew . We didn 't tell a soul . They had radio communication . Maybe it was being monitored ... Shh . Someone 's still alive . It 's Babcock . Give him some water . Looks like he took a shotgun hit , but it didn 't open him up too badly . The bleeding 's stopped . Who did this ? There you go . They took the body , Babcock . No . I buried it . Where ? Dana ? Bill . What are you doing here ? I picked up the phone when they called Mom 's . Said you could use a change of clothes . Thank you . Um , where 's Mom ? I didn 't tell Mom what happened . So , what did happen ? I , uh ... was knocked down a flight of stairs . But I 'm okay , luckily . You 're not okay , Dana . I know about your cancer . I told Mom not to tell you . Why ? Because it 's very personal . Because I don 't want sympathy . You think you can cure yourself . Mom tells me that you 've gotten worse- - that your cancer 's gone into your bloodstream . What are you doing at work getting knocked down and beaten up ? What are you trying to prove ? That you 're going to go out fighting ? Oh , now , come on , Bill . Do you know what Mom is going through ? Why do you think I didn 't tell her when they called ? What should I be doing ? We have a responsibility not just to ourselves , but to the people in our lives . Hey , look , just-just because I haven 't bared my soul to you or to Father McCue or to God , it doesn 't mean that I 'm not responsible to what 's important to me . To what ? To who ? This guy Mulder ? Well , where is he , Dana ? Where is he through all this ? Thank you for coming . Dana ... We should be able to do a good enough examination of the body right here to remove any doubt . We won 't know for sure until we do a carbon-dating test . I 'm anticipating his physiology alone is going to be telltale . The Piltdown Man hoax wasn 't uncovered for 40 years , until it failed a carbon-dating test , and that wasn 't even very good . If this were a hoax , would we have six dead men up on that mountain ? Now , somebody other than us sure as hell believes it 's not . As you can imagine , that 's a fairly heavily trafficked stairwell . So we went back to the bio-lab where we found an anomalous set of latents . Found a partial matching in the stairwell four centimeters from one of yours . Have you run it through the NCIC ? Yeah . This is your assailant . Unfortunately , he doesn 't have a criminal record . Try the federal database . I 'll be damned . How 'd you know he 'd be a government employee ? Where does he work ? Right here in Washington . Michael Kritschgau , formerly of the U.S. Army , now attached to the Pentagon 's research division in Virginia . Is this the man ? Body is 147 centimeters long , weighing 24 kilograms , deliquesced . Derma is hairless , gray with an elephantine texture , with no odor . There are some small eruptions on the surface of the skin , most likely due to the presence of iron phosphate in the ice . Otherwise , there appears to be no scarring and no identifying marks . The circumference of the head is 64 centimeters . There are four digits on each hand and three on each foot . Sex is indeterminate . The eyes are lidless , black ... covered by what appears to be a thin membrane which I am now ... removing . The tissue underneath ... seems to be semi-gelatinous with a ... fine network of veins running throughout . Examination of the chest cavity confirms the presence of what appears to be a cardiopulmonary system , heart and lungs all identifiable within a mass of white , string-like tissue that doesn 't appear to correspond to human physiology . Stop ! Federal agent ! Hold it ! Michael Kritschgau ! You are under arrest ! Identify your location ! Get out of the car ! Now ! Move ! Please , don 't shoot . I didn 't mean to hurt you . I had no choice . Put your hands on the car ! If you arrest me , they 'll kill me . I don 't know what you 're talking about ! The same people who are trying to kill you . The people who gave you your cancer . There 's tissue culturing to be done , DNA sequence and an analysis , and we 'd be wise to run a gas chromatograph and that carbon-dating you suggested , but if this isn 't alien , I don 't know what it is . Mulder . I had reached Agent Mulder in a warehouse just outside of Washington in Sethburg , Virginia . They had managed the frozen corpse by helicopter down the side of the mountain and across the Canadian border in a refrigerated truck . After conducting a limited physical examination , Agent Mulder was ready to believe that the body was that of an extraterrestrial biological entity , that he had finally found the proof which had eluded him , which would confirm not only the existence of alien life , but of his sister Samantha 's abduction . But this man Kritschgau had convinced you otherwise . How ? He told me a story which detailed , point by point , the systematic way in which Agent Mulder had been deceived and used , and how I as his partner , had been led down the same path . Losing a family member due to my allegiance and contracting a fatal disease , which I was being told was engineered by the men who were responsible for Agent Mulder 's deception . Were you able to convince Agent Mulder of these facts ? I was only able to convince him to meet me so that he might hear the story the way I had . Who the hell is this ? Right there , pork . How 's the wound ? I 'll live . What is this , Babcock ? Get the door . Where did Mulder go ? He got a call . Is he a believer ? Oh , yeah . Then we 're the only ones who know . Right . The lie you believe , that they have cleverly led you to believe , Agent Mulder , is that there is intelligent life other than our own and that we have had contact with these life-forms . So you 're saying this has all been orchestrated- - a hoax ? Which you 've been used to perpetuate . You come by this knowledge how ? Working for the D.O.D. Watching a military - industrial complex that operated unbridled and unchecked during the Cold War create a diversion of attention from itself and its continued misdeeds by confabulating enough believable evidence to convince passionate adepts like yourself that it really could be true . And just by chance you run into Agent Scully ? That 's just like you , Agent Mulder- - suspicious of everything but what you should be . I ran the D.O.D. ' s agitprop arm for a decade . I can show you records of disinformation dating back to the Korean War , before you were even born . Why come to me now ? Why not four years ago ? I have a son who 's very sick . He served in the Gulf War . The lies are so deep , the only way to cover them is to create something even more incredible . They invented you . Your regression hypnosis , the story of your sister 's abduction , the lies they fed your father . You wanted to believe so badly . And who could have blamed you ? And the thousands of UFO sightings ? Above top-secret military aircraft concept-designed to feed hysteria . Evidence of alien biology ? Unclassified , but naturally occurring biologic anomalies science will eventually explain . The body that was found ? Meticulously constructed out of bio-materials created through the hybridization of differentiated cells- - what are called chimeras . Frozen into place over the course of a year , using sediment and materials that would bear out its age . Poured through a small channel drilled in the rock above . They would 've known that the body would be carbon-dated , that it would be proved a fake . The body will never be tested , Agent Mulder . What do you mean ? You were only meant to see it to make you believe the lie so that you might finally commit and go public with the news . This man is a liar . You can see for yourself , Agent Mulder . The body is already long gone . Dr. Arlinsky ? It 's gone . Mulder . What ? It 's Arlinsky . He 's dead . So is this man . Who did this , Mulder ? Mulder ? What we had here was proof , Scully . There 's no way it could be anything else . You said it yourself , Mulder- - more tests needed to be run . Yeah , but the ice core samples checked out . If the ice hasn 't been tampered with , how could the body within be a fake ? Cellular material found in the ice core samples were a direct match for what this man Kritschgau described . Hybrid cells- - chimeras within the matrix . Do we know for sure that those cells are not extraterrestrial ? Mulder , everything this man described- - you can 't just guess at these details . I 'm sorry , but the facts here completely overwhelm any argument against them . Facts overwhelmed by the lies created to support them . Mulder , the only lie here is the one that you continue to believe . After all I 've seen and experienced , I refuse to believe that it 's not true . Because it 's easier to believe the lie , isn 't it ? What the hell did that guy say to you that you believe his story ? He said that the men behind this hoax , behind these lies , gave me this disease to make you believe . ... what we generally mean is , of course , intelligent life , something resembling our noble selves . It is highly probable that there are such intelligent forms of life in other galaxies in the universe . And it is even more probable that many of these forms are vastly more intelligent than we . I think there 's no question but that we live in an inhabited universe that has life all over it . By finding out what the other planets are like , by finding out whether there are civilizations on planets of other stars , we reestablish a meaningful context for ourselves . I don 't think we should wait until the encounter occurs , but that we should do all in our power to prepare ourselves for it . I can conceive of no nightmare as terrifying as establishing such communication with a so-called superior or , if you wish , advance technology in outer space . Early this morning , I got a call from the police asking me to come to Agent Mulder 's apartment . The detective asked me ... He needed me to identify a body . Agent Scully ... Agent Mulder died late last night from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . I made this !
