 Thanks , mister . I 'll mail it right off . " federal bureau of investigation " ? all units responding to Ruskin dam : We have numerous bodies . Repeat , numerous bodies . We 're coming in for a closer look . We 're looking for survivors . Agent Mulder ! Was she here ? Is she here ? - Yes , and the medics are all over her . - She 's alive . They 're working on her now . Come on . An S.A.R. Chopper pilot found her huddled in the woods this morning ... With about 50 other survivors . She has minor burns , but her fluids and electrolytes were abnormally depleted . Scully ? She 's in vasogenic shock . Unless you gents are doctors , you 're in the way . This woman needs to get to a hospital . On three . One , two , three . What happened here , agent Mulder ? The answer just got loaded onto that chopper . Can I talk to you , please ? Is she here ? Was she found ? Who ? - Agent Spender ? - My mother . I 'm fairly certain it 's not a question of dosage . We 've administered three intramuscular injections over the past 20 hours ... Since we found her on the roadside . And you 've seen no effect ? No . It doesn 't look good at all . Mmm . - Mm , what time is it ? - " What time is it ? " It 's time to thank your lucky stars . - Why are you laughing ? - I 'm not laughing at you . I 'm just very happy to be standing here talking to you , that 's all . Mulder , what am I doing here ? You were airlifted here ... In vasogenic shock . From what ? You 've got some first - Degree burns ... And scorching on your hands and face . From what ? You don 't remember ? Mulder- - - Is any of this coming back to you ? - I was there ? - Well , doing what ? - I was hoping you were going to answer that question for me . you shouldn 't be elevated , Miss Scully . Not until we can get your blood pressure back up . She really needs her rest . - I 'll come back . - Well , Mulder- - They didn 't find her . She wasn 't among the victims . They only found her wheelchair . I 'm sorry . What were you doing with her ? What was I doing with her ? What makes you think we have anything to do with this ? My mom 's a cripple . She hasn 't driven a car for I don 't know how long . They found her wheelchair 130 miles from the hospital , Where I 'm now told agent Scully was meeting with her privately . Look . No , you look ! She 's my mother . She 's not some test subject of yours . Your mother will be found . All I want is for you to leave it alone . Is that too much to ask ? You 're probably thirsty . Remind me to complain to the captain about the service . You may have that opportunity . This ship is bound back to Vladivostok tomorrow . I gather there will be quite an enthusiastic homecoming . Do you have the boy ? No . Miss Covarrubias took him . Your alliance with her was as misguided as ours , But it appears she was unaware of the consequences of her deception . You were clever . Infect the boy to insure infection of anyone ... Who tried to learn what he knows , who would cheat you . - And where 's the boy ? - Dead . Victim of another mysterious holocaust . Unable now to tell what he knew or saw . Then you got no choice but to deal with me . I 'm afraid there 's no deal to be made . I 'm the only one who knows what those incidents are , What they mean . I know what that boy saw . - You 've as much as told me what I need to know . - You know nothing . If the boy was your trump card , Why infect him unless you could also cure him ... With a vaccine developed by the Russians ? One that works . It would mean that the resistance to the alien colonists is now possible . - You 're dreaming . - Do you have the vaccine ? - You need what I know . - Do you have the vaccine ? Give you the means to save Covarrubias after what she did ? The means to save yourself . I don 't know what to say . I mean , I don 't have the first clue . There 's nothing here . well , at least you 're not alone . None of the other survivors have been able to give a cogent account either . Mulder , I have never been here . I couldn 't tell you how to get here , Let alone drive it . - Do you remember when you last saw Cassandra Spender ? - She was there too ? I ran more x rays . I haven 't told anybody yet what I found , though . You found more implants ? That would explain how you were directed to the site and why you can 't remember . That would explain the sensation Cassandra Spender was describing , Her abduction fantasies , it would explain Skyland mountain . But it wouldn 't explain why they would want to kill me . And it doesn 't explain why I survived . It all comes down to a question , one that hasn 't been answered ... Or I don 't even think honestly addressed . Who made that chip in your neck ? That chip was found in a military research facility . Our government made that chip , Implanted it in your neck as part of a secret military project ... To develop a biochemical weapon , to monitor your immunity ... Or to destroy you like a lab rat ... If the truth were to be exposed . Your cancer , your cure . Everything that 's happening to you now . It all points to that chip . The truth I 've been searching for ? That truth is in you . Mulder , when I met you five years ago , You told me that your sister had been abducted ... By aliens . That that event had marked you so deeply ... That nothing else mattered . I didn 't believe you , But I followed you ... On nothing more than your faith that the truth was out there , Based not on facts , not on science , But on your memories ... That your sister had been taken from you . Your memories were all that you had . I don 't trust those memories now . Whether you trust them or not , they led you here ... And me . But I have no memories to either trust or distrust . And if you ask me now to follow you again , To stand behind you in what you now believe ... Without knowing what happened to me out there- - Without those memories , I can 't . I won 't . If I could give you those memories , If I could prove that I was right and that what I believed for so long was wrong- - Is that what you really want ? The facial scarrings appear to be self-Mutilation , Done as protection . Protection against what ? Infection by the black oil . He was the lone survivor of a crashed spacecraft ... At a military base in west Virginia . What the hell is he ? An alien rebel . This is what the boy saw in Russia , The last face the dead saw at Skyland mountain , And most surely ... Who killed our man at the dam in Pennsylvania . He 's a resistance fighter against the alien colonists . This is what Alex Krycek knew- - That a war had begun . What good was that knowledge ? Without the vaccine against the black oil , no one can survive . We have a vaccine- - Developed by the Russians , stolen by Krycek , given to me . You see what this means ? Resistance is possible . We have the weapons and the magic in hand . We don 't know the vaccine works . It will , and if it doesn 't , We have a new alliance to be made . - Side with the resistance ? - Suicide . They 'll squash us as they do them . We must turn the rebel over . But first , wait till we know the vaccine works . Hi , Dana . It 's nice to meet you again . Are you okay with this ? I 'm okay . There are a few things ... I want to say I didn 't touch on over the phone . I 'm sure agent Mulder told you about how this works . Have you ever been hypnotized ? Uh , once . But I have to be honest with you . I didn 't have much luck . Well , I hope we can do better today . I 'm going to be using something a little different . You may have heard of hypnagogic trance , Which is just a light trance state ... Where we relax some of the filtering processes . Okay ? I 'm going to ask you to go back to the place we talked about on the phone . Just close your eyes ... And take long , deep breaths , Relaxing all parts of your body . Long , deep breaths . Relaxing your hands and your feet . Relaxing your jaw , your pelvis . Long , deep breaths . Back to the " night place . " I don 't think this is working . Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! - Oh , my God ! - Where are you , Dana ? Oh- - I 'm , uh- - I 'm with the others . - Are you in the " night place " ? - Yes . And then- - And then it was gone . Oh- - Oh ! Oh- - what is it , Dana ? It 's , uh- - - They 're back . - Who ? Oh , no , th-They 're on fire ! Oh , God . They 're setting them on fire . I can 't- - Who ? Who 's doing this ? Their faces- - I can 't- - They have no faces . I- - They have no eyes . Oh , God , they 're coming at us . They 're surrounding us . They won 't stop . They won 't stop it . Oh . There 's- - There 's another one . There 's another ship . They see it . - They were attacking them . - who were they attacking , Dana ? The faceless men . They 're- - - My God , I can 't- - - Do you want to stop , Dana ? No . Now it 's coming at us . Oh , my God ! - No . Cassandra ! - Where is Cassandra ? They 're- - They 're taking her . They 're- - Oh , my God . I can 't- - Dana ? Dana , I 'm going to stop now . - I want you to open your eyes . - No , I- - I want you to open your eyes , Dana , and come on back . Dana , I want you to open your eyes and come back to us . Okay . Oh , God . We 've been here the whole time ? I , uh , reviewed the tape of the session as you requested . I have to say I wasn 't prepared for what I heard on this . No , sir , neither was I. Agent Mulder ? I 'm familiar with the regression process in Dr. Werber 's work . I 've heard hundreds of those types of abduction scenarios . What do you make of this one ? The imagery is startling but not atypical . Bright lights , weightlessness , stolen memory , lost time ... Expressed as a close encounter , an abduction , religious rapture as a dark night of the soul . " Expressed " ? described and then interpreted into a linear narrative . A gestalt impression of a subjective nonlinear experience . - And your interpretation ? - That agent Scully witnessed a very powerful event ... Not unlike the one I described on my regression tape ... Of the false memory of my sister 's abduction . Agent Scully ? I 've listened to the tape several times , And I don 't have a clear recollection of what I hear myself saying , But I also don 't see any reason why I 'd be saying it . I 've got a problem . The problem is I have to head up the investigation into this incident . I don 't have the luxury of interpretation . I have to make a report , and that report must state a reason or cite a fact ... Or at least make an assumption . As I sit here right now , I 'm unable to do that . - I need to know what happened . - It was staged- - - To ? - To test a classified military project , or to cover it up . Then what happened to Cassandra Spender ? Cassandra Spender was taken aboard a military aircraft as part of the staging . Over the past five years , I 've doubted you , Only to be persuaded by the power of your belief ... In extraterrestrial phenomena . And I 'm doubting you now not because of that belief but ... Because extraterrestrial phenomena is , frankly , the more plausible explanation . Then I suggest you put that in your report . The vaccine has no effect . - We must give it time . - We must survive first . Survival means collaboration . Turn over the alien rebel ... And you turn over any chance of resistance . It 's already been done . I heard about this office . It really is in the basement . I 'm here about my mother . Well , we , we don 't know anything more . I spoke with Dr. Werber . He said you 'd been to his office . - Did he say why ? - No . Didn 't have to . I 'm assuming , knowing the facts I do , that you 're wondering ... About the possibility of alien abduction . I 'm sure you know enough about it . Agent Mulder surely pushed the idea . No , actually , agent Mulder hasn 't . I find that hard to believe . I thought you were here about your mother . You went to see her . I 'd like to know what you talked about . We talked about how she was feeling . We talked about a lot of things . You talked about abduction , about her experiences ? - Did you talk about me ? - In what way ? I have something here that might explain a lot for you . And there 's a bright light . There 's people standing around . That 's me . I 'm eleven years old . I 'm looking up in the sky where the bright light is . I 'm starting to cry . I 'm really , really scared , and I wanna get back in the car , But I can 't find my mom . And then I see her . There 's something in the sky , and it 's got flashing lights ... And it 's so bright it hurts my eyes . And then she 's going up in the sky , And I 'm yelling , " mommy . Mommy , mommy . " And then I feel my feet , and they aren 't on the ground . I 'm floating up . - Seen enough ? - Is that what you 're afraid people are gonna find out ? Yes , but not because it 's true . None of this happened . I don 't understand . I made it up . Or , I should say , my mom did . - She told you to say those things ? - Essentially . She told me that story so many times that I believed it . Absolutely . It became a kind of truth ... And it was really just a substitute . - For what ? - For the fact that my dad had left his family , And it drove my mom insane . Only I was eleven , and I didn 't know it . Why are you here ? Why did you show this to me ? Because I think the process is bogus . Dr. Werber and his whole regression of memory is B.S. It 's like having a dream and then pretending it 's real . I think that Dr. Werber would beg to differ . He indulged and infantilized my mother for his own purposes . I think he 's dangerous , and I think his methods are unsound . If you went through it , I hope you 'd question what came out of it . I appreciate your opinion , agent Spender , But I don 't have a mother feeding me abduction stories . You 've got agent Mulder , don 't you ? How many times have you heard the stories he 's told ? How about the one about his own sister ? Don 't let yourself be used . You must be losing it , Mulder . I can beat you with one hand . Isn 't that how you like to beat yourself ? If those are my last words , I can do better . - I 'm not here to kill you , Mulder . I 'm here to help you . - Hey , thanks . If it wasn 't in my best interests , I would just as soon squeeze this trigger . What 's stopping you ? Hear this , agent Mulder . Listen very carefully , because what I 'm telling you is deadly serious . There is a war raging , and unless you pull your head out of the sand , You and I and about five billion other people are gonna go the way of the dinosaur . I 'm talking planned invasion- - The colonization of this planet by an extraterrestrial race . I thought you were serious . Kazakhstan , Skyland mountain , the site in Pennsylvania , They 're all alien lighthouses where the colonization will begin , But where now a battle 's being waged- - A struggle for heaven and earth where there is one law : fight or die . And one rule : Resist or serve . - Serve who ? - No , not who . What . Krycek , you 're a murderer , a liar and a coward . Just because you stick a gun in my chest , I 'm supposed to believe you 're my friend ? Get up . I was sent by a man , A man who knows , as I do , that resistance is in our grasp ... And in yours . The mass incinerations were strikes by an alien rebellion ... To upset plans for occupation . One of these rebels is being held captive . And if he dies , so does the resistance . Come in . Mulder ? Huh . What are you doing sitting here in the dark ? Thinking . Thinking about what ? Well , the usual . Destiny , fate , how to throw a curveball . The inextricable relationships in our lives ... That are neither accidental nor ... Somehow in our control either . I 've just taken a long walk , and I 've reconsidered ... That I may have been wrong about what I believed happened to me . I 've been doing some reconsidering of my own . - What is this ? - Maybe an answer ... To a question you and I seem to have been destined to ask . Yes , sir ? We 're federal agents requesting permission to enter the base . Do you have any paperwork to go with that , agent " Muldar " ? It 's Mulder . I wasn 't aware that any special authorization was needed to enter . Due to the nature of our facility and the hazardous chemicals on site , I can only allow precleared civilian and military personnel on base . Are you aware that there 's been a leak and contamination ... In one of the lab facilities and that the personnel inside need immediate medical attention ? - No , sir , I wasn 't . - Why don 't you check on that , son ? I 'd hate for somebody to die because you were uninformed . Buckle up , Scully . Mulder , he 's armed and well within his jurisdiction . - I know this man . - Who ? That driver . I know his face . Yes , sir . they do not have any authority to be here . - Place them under arrest immediately ! - Yes , sir . Stop that truck ! Get out of the car . You 're under arrest . This is west gate . I 've got a breach of security ... And a possible hijacking of a military vehicle . No-o-o ! What happened ? I don 't know . Agent Spender . Sir . I 'm sorry . There 's been no news about your mother . I appreciate you wanting to keep this discreet . I 'll try and do that . But you should know agent Mulder has opened an X-File on this case . This hasn 't reflected on you in any way , agent Spender . - Thank you , sir . - You 'll do fine . It seems you have a patron outside this office who thinks highly of you . - Who 's that ? - I don 't know . Someone working with a high level of influence . Oh , agent Spender . Got a letter for you . Sorry about that , mister . I made this !
