 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( child ) Hurry up ! All clear ! ( speaks Japanese ) Come on in . - What are you watching ? - Something that just came in the mail . That 's not your usual brand of entertainment . - What is it ? - According to the ad I answered .. it 's an alien autopsy . Guaranteed authentic . - You spent money for this ? - $ 29.95 . Plus shipping . This is even hokier than the one they aired on the Fox network . - You can 't see what they 're operating on . - But it does look authentic . I mean , the setting and the procedures . I mean , it does look as if an actual autopsy is being performed , doesn 't it ? Well , I don 't know why they would be wearing gas masks . Maybe it 's because of this green substance they seem to be extracting from the subject . - Can you identify that ? - Olive oil ? Snake oil ? I suppose you think it 's alien blood . It 's widely held that aliens don 't have blood . - If this is an alien autopsy ... - Where 's the alien ? But what 's so intriguing to me is the striking lack of detail . - Well , what do you want for $ 29 _ 95 ? - That autopsy you saw on TV was so fake ... - _ .because it tried to show too much . - And this is real because it doesn 't ? Yes , and because of , uh ... because of this . - Wno 's selling these tapes ? - Some guy in Allentown , Pennsylvania . Claims he pulled it off the satellite dish at two in the morning . - Front door 's boarded up . - Back door 's been busted open . Hope nobody let the rat out . IVlulder , in here . - He 's still warm . - ( door bangs ) ( Mulder ) Federal agent ! Come on down . I get tired of Iosin ' my gun . OK , now face the fence . Face the fence ! What 's your name ? ( speaks Japanese ) - Do you speak English ? - ( Japanese ) Great . Give me the bag . Give me the bag . OK , let 's go . - Let 's go ! - ( Japanese ) Either they can 't locate an interpreter , or the interpreter ... .. didn 't interpret the instructions and got lost somewhere . - Did you try the FBI field office ? - This is a tall request ... _ .in Allentown this time of night . Well , look at this . A beacon in the night . - Agent Mulder . Scully . - This is a surprise , sir . - You don 't speak Japanese , by any chance ? - I wish I could . - It might save us all some embarrassment . - What do you mean ? I 'm with a federal attorney , trying to sort out a little international mess . - He said you made an arrest tonight . - A murder suspect . - You 're gonna have to release him . - What are you talking about ? According to the Japanese diplomatic corps , the man is a high-ranking diplomat . This man sitting in here ? - If that 's Kazuo Sakurai . - I didn 't get his name . - I was too busy getting my ass kicked . - What about the victim or the paperwork ? It 's all gotta be handled by some other agency . What are you two doing out here anyway ? Tracking down a video-piracy thing . I suggest you keep your nose clean and head straight back to Washington , Agent Mulder , .. _ _ .before someone takes another swipe at it . I don 't know , Mulder. ltjust doesn 't track . What would a Japanese diplomat be doing ... _ .in that house with a dead man with his head in a pillowcase ? Obviously not strengthening international relations . - Well , what do you wanna do now ? Drop it ? - I paid my $ 29.95 , Scully . I think I 'm entitled to a few more answers , don 't you think ? - What are you doing ? - I just remembered a piece of evidence ... _ .that I forgot to turn in . - ( Scully ) What are those ? - They look like satellite photos . - What would he be doing with these ? - What would he be doing with a list ... _ .of Mutual UFO Network members in the Allentown area , ... _ .with the name Betsy Hagopian circled ? Maybe he was gonna fit her for a pillowcase too . Why don 't you stick around and check it out in the morning ? - What are you gonna do ? - Go back to DC , like a good boy . Like Skinner told me to do . Show these to a few friends of ours . The name of the boat is the Talapus . Just gotta love them German optics . - You 're saying it 's from a German satellite ? - No , the optics are German . The technology is probably ours , but the satellite is most likely Japanese . - Launched from South America . - Gotta love that global economy , huh ? - Where 'd you get this ? - Japanese diplomat . I 'm surprised . The Japanese are very secretive about their espionage capabilities . - And careful with their intelligence data . - What exactly are they spying on there ? The Talapus was a salvage ship out of San Diego . They were looking for a Japanese sub that went down in World War II . It was rumoured to be carrying a load of gold bullion . - Did they find it ? - Not according to all the reports . But , looking at this photo , the ship never returned to San Diego . - Why do you say that ? - The rest of these photos , ... _ .they track the ship through the Panama Canal , all the way to Newport News , Virginia . - The naval shipyard . - But why would they go there ? Maybe what they found wasn 't a Japanese sub . Good evening , Mr Sakurai . - Hi . Betsy Hagopian ? - I 'm sorry . Betsy 's not here right now . Is there some way that I can get in touch with her ? - I 'm sorry . My name is Dana Scully . - I know you . - No , I think you must be mistaken . - We saw you . Penny ! Penny , come here . I 'm afraid I 'm not who you think I am . Oh , my God . She 's one . - One what ? - One of us . There must be some Kind of mistake . I work for the FBI . I 'm here conducting a murder investigation . A murder ? Cathy , I 'm here at Betsy 's . Call the group and get everyone over here right away . A man named Steven Zinnzser was murdered about two miles from here . - Penny , do you hear that ? - Steve Zinnzser was murdered ? - Did you know him ? - He was a member of our chapter . But you understand I 'm not a member . I 'm an FBI agent . - That 's what you said . - But at the door you said I was one of you . Did you have an unexplained event in your life last year ? Were you missing for some time that can 't be accounted for ? - Why did you ask me that ? - I think you 'd better sit down , Miss Scully . I think there 's some people you 're gonna wanna meet . - Talapus ? - It 's a salvage ship registered in San Diego . You went out to meet the boat when customs wouldn 't allow it into port . Oh , yeah . That 's right . But it wasn 't customs preventing her landing . It was the DEA . - The DEA ? Why ? What was the problem ? - They were searching for contraband , _ _ _ _ .if I remember correctly . The boat came through Panama . There was concern that her crew had picked up a shipment . - Did they find anything ? - They were never aboard . I think there was a question of confiscating the boat if the crew were to be arrested . - Were they ? - Apparently not . They were called off and the boat put out to sea the following morning . - Well , that doesn 't make any sense . - Excuse me ? The Talapus came nonstop from Panama . She would have had to stop to refuel . I don 't have all the details in my head . Would you see if there 's any paperwork on this ? See if there 's a heading or a destination for the Talapus ? - That might take some time . - Oh , that 's all right . I 'm happy to wait . But I 've never met any of you . I 've never seen any of you before in my life . You may not remember . You 've only had one experience . Most of us here have been taken many times . Taken ? Taken where ? The bright , white place . You remember it , don 't you ? - I don 't know . - There are men there performing tests . - What men ? - They don 't reveal themselves . They take our memories away , but somehow they start to seep back . Some may have come back to you but they didn 't make sense . D 'you know about regression hypnosis ? Yes . I 'm . _ _ Have you ever considered it ? I 'm sorry . I don 't think I 'm ready to discuss this . You 're afraid to remember , aren 't you ? That 's OK . We were all afraid at first . Agent Mulder ? ( car tyres screech ) I don 't know . When I opened that door and saw you standing there , . _ _ _ .it was like a revelation . The image of your face was so clear to me . But why is it that I don 't remember you ? All you remember in the beginning is the light . And then sometimes the faces of the men that performed the tests . How do you know that you 're not mistaking me for somebody else ? You have the mark , don 't you ? What mark ? HSFS . On the back of your neck . We all have them . it 's where they put the implants . I really have to go . I just came ... - To see Betsy . - Yes . To see Betsy Hagopian . Why are you all at her house ? Where is she ? - What 's wrong with her ? - Betsy 's in the advanced stages ... _ .of an undiagnosed cancer ailment . Her body 's full of tumours that won 't respond to any treatment . And you think this is the result of her abductions ? They 've been taking Betsy since she was in her teens . - This is what 's gonna happen to all of us . - What do you mean ? I don 't know if you understand this or not , Dana , but we 're all gonna end up like Betsy . We 're all dying because of what they do to us . I think they found what they were looking for . I don 't remember giving you a key . I came to see you . Obviously I was late for the party . - Yeah , I guess I should really fire my maid . - Put the gun down , Mulder . Somebody else might get hurt . - What are you talking about ? - Kazuo Sakurai , the diplomat you detained . Our murder suspect . He didn 't make his flight last night . This morning his body was found floating face down in the CO Canal . I think we can assume he wasn 't diving for pearls . The Japanese government believes that he was murdered for the contents of a briefcase . - A piece of evidence that wasn 't logged in . - What do they think was in it ? I 've got the State Department breathing down my neck , IVlulder . The Japanese want to prosecute this outside of diplomatic channels , so cut the crap . - Am I being accused of murder ? - Where 's the briefcase ? Agent Scully has it . - She has it in the trunk of her rental car . - Where is she ? I haven 't spoken to her since I left her in Allentown . You better find her . Because whatever you stepped in on this case ... _ .is being tracked into my office , and I don 't like the smell of it . Mind if I tidy up in here a bit first ? This is bigger than me , you or the FBI , Agent Mulder . I hope you 've got other names in your phone book . I 'm taking myself off the hook on this . You 're on your own . Hello , Fox . Thank you for seeing me on such short notice . I understand you 're in a difficult position . Don 't look so stunned . I 'm on the intelligence committee . Secrets are the only real currency we deal in . - Then you know what I 'm up against . - Perhaps better than you do . Which , I assume , is why you 've come here . I need your advice on how to proceed . - Return the satellite photos . - I 'd be implicating myself . A good chess player knows which pieces to sacrifice ... and when . I can 't afford to be entangled in a murder investigation . - Why ? - Because of what I 've seen . It would give them time to bury it where I might not find it again . Do you trust me , Fox ? Then let me earn your trust with the truth . I 'm listening . Several weeks ago in Knoxville , Tennessee , four Japanese nationals were murdered . All prominent doctors apparently engaged in a highly classified project . What kind of project ? The autopsy of an extraterrestrial life form , was that part of it ? I can 't tell you . Some secrets do remain secret , Fox , even to me . I was only just now given the names of the murdered scientists . The credentials , however , are a matter of public record . Past deeds which may illuminate present treacheries . Your time is limited . Before you become , as you say , entangled in this ... _ .past the point of being about to fully understand or expose it . What am I onto here ? Monsters begetting monsters . ( knocking ) - Scully . - Why is the door locked ? - I have something to show you . - Do you have any idea where I 've been ? - Allentown ? - I went to go see those MUFON members ... - _ .to find out about Betsy Hagopian _ - What 'd you find ? I found out that she 's dying , along with a lot of other women who claim to be dying too . All of them who say that they have these implanted in them . It 's the same thing that I had removed from my own neck . - But you 're fine , aren 't you , Scully ? - Am I ? I don 't know , IVlulder . They said that they know me , that they 've seen me before . It was freaky ! They know things about me , my disappearance . That is disturbing . But I don 't think you should freak out until we find out what this thing is . ( phone rings ) Mulder . - I got a fax coming . - What is this ? A group of Japanese medical officers taken during World War II . - I 've seen this man before . - No , not unless you were in Japan ... - _ .in the last 50 years . - No . I 've seen him before . His name is Dr Takeo Ishimaru . He 's been dead since 1965 . He was the commander of an elite section of the Japanese medical corps known as 731 . A unit now known to have experimented on humans . They performed vivisections without anaesthesia ... _ .tested frostbite tolerance levels on infants , ... _ .exposed innocent prisoners of war to diseases , the plague . Like their Nazi counterparts , they were never brought to justice . - What are you doing with these ? - Four of these doctors ... _ .were on that video tape performing that autopsy . Yeah , but you couldn 't tell one from the other . Somebody could . Those same men were murdered yesterday . - Found here , right on US soil . - Murdered for what ? - That 's what I 'd like to know . - Murdered by whom ? - Possibly our government . - Ours ? For what possible reason ? For continuing the work the Nazis were doing , trying to create an alien-human hybrid . - Mulder , that is still a fantasy . - Scully , after all you 've seen ! All you 've told me . The tunnel filled with medical files , ... _ .the beings moving past you , the implant in your neck . - Why do you refuse to believe ? - Believing 's the easy part , Mulder . I just need more than you . I need proof . You think that believing is easy ? ( fax machine beeps ) Well , we have proof . I identified what those spy photos were tracking . A ship that pulled a UFO out of the Pacific Ocean , _ _ _ _ .a UFO that 's in a warehouse right now being guarded by US military personnel . A UFO that was probably carrying that EBE we saw on that autopsy tape . - What am I looking at ? - Part of our government 's secret railroad . Train cars used to carry test subjects , ... _ .used to conduct that autopsy we saw being performed . - Where did you get this ? - From someone like you who wants proof . Who 's also willing to believe . - Amazing . - Do you know what it is ? Looks like some kind of microprocessor . So you 're saying that this is man-made ? What else would it be ? I mean , it 's definitely state of the art . The microlithography is extremely complex . I 've never seen anything even close to this density . Any way of finding out who manufactures it ? There are a few companies out in San Jose , a couple in Boston . It could be any one of them . - What are these chips used for ? - Video games , brake systems . They 're finding new apps every day . I just read about one being designed ... _ .to help the severely disabled operate computers using brain waves . How ? Through direct electrochemical interface with the cerebral cortex . Pretty incredible , huh ? Yeah . ( phone rings ) - Scully . - Hey , Scully . It 's me . - Where are you ? - The train yard in Quinnimont . Some Japanese men just put someone in one of those boxcars from the satellite photos . - You said it was our government 's railroad . - Something serious is going down here . - What do you mean ? - The thing they put in the train , it was alive . Mulder ... I gotta get on that train. it 's hooking up with a Canadian train outside Cincinnati . I was right about Dr Ishimaru . He isn 't dead . In fact , he 's on your videotape . Well , that 's where you know him from , then . No , that 's not where I know him from at all . ( PA ) Your attention , please . All passengers on Canadian Northwest Express to Vancouverj-- - _ .prepare for boarding on track four Again , all passengers on Canadian Northwest Express to Vancouverj-- - _ .please prepare for boarding on track four - Express train to Vancouver , what track ? - It just left . - When did it leave ? - You just missed it . - It just pulled out of the station . - Thanks . Agent Scully . - What are you doing here ? - Have you spoken to Agent Mulder ? - No . Why ? - He 's in danger . - How do you know ? - He 's tracking a train . - You can 't let him get on it . - I don 't know what you 're talking about . You 've got to get word to him . Why should I trust you ? You 've lied to us before . You 're wasting time . Do you understand ? ( phone rings ) - Mulder . - Mulder , don 't get on the train . - Why not ? - Because they know where you are ... _ .and they know what you 're doing . - Who told you that ? - Look , it 's just too dangerous . Who told you , Scully ? - Scully , it 's coming . - Let it go . I can 't . Mulder , don 't get on the train . Mulder ! ( Scully ) Mulder ! LVlul ... Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
