 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Behold the mighty cockroach . Believed to have originated in the Silurian period over 350 million years ago , ... _ .they can be found in every part of the world from the tropics to the Arctic . There exists 4,000 known species , ... _ .and in a year a single female can produce ... _ .over half a million descendants . Radiation doesn 't kill them . By evolutionary standards , they are nearly flawless creatures , ... _ .but creatures nevertheless . Possessing only a simple nervous system , ... _ .their behaviour is dictated solely by responses to environmental stimuli . Unlike us , they are incapable of thought ... _ .of self-illumination . Compared to the roach , we are gods , _ .and must therefore act accordingly . Is it true if you decapitate them , they continue to live , _ _ _ _ .eventually dying of starvation ? Look , buddy , I just Kill ' em . Well , that 's why I called you . I thought that nowadays you froze the insects to death . Freeze ' em ? Where 's the fun in that ? No , we got a new pesticide that works like a fungus . It not only kills the infected roach , but that roach then spreads the disease ... _ .to every other roach it comes into contact with . Just as long as you get rid of them . Bugs , you lnow , ... _ .they drive me crazy . Why , you arrogant little ... I forgot to tell you , I also found a roach on ... ( phone rings ) Mulder . ( Scully ) I 've been trying to reach you all day . My apartment complex was being fumigated so I thought I 'd get away for the weekend . - I came up to Massachusetts . - Visiting your mother ? No . Just sitting and thinking . Accounts of unidentiHed coloured lights hovering in the skies ... _ .were reported in this area last night . Look , Scully , I know it 's not your inclination , but did you ever look up into the night sky ... _ .and feel certain that not only was something up tnere , ... _ .lout it was looking clown on you at that exact same moment , ... _ .and was just as curious about you as you are about it ? The only thing more fortuitous than the emergence of life on this planet ... _ .is that , through random laws of biological evolution , . _ _ _ .an intelligence as complex as ours ever emanated from it . The very idea of intelligent alien life is not only astronomically improbable ... _ .but at its most basic level downright anti-Darwinian . Scully what are you wearing ? I understand what you 're saying , but I just need to keep looking . Yeah , well , don 't look too hard . You might not like what you find . Isn 't that what Dr Zaius said to Charlton Heston at the end of Planet of the Apes ? And look what happened . - Scully I gotta go . - What ? Mulder , what 's going on ? Mulder . How ya doin ' ? What are you doin ' ? - Just sitting , thinking . - Sittin ' and thinkin ' _ And talkin ' on the phone . Who with , your drug dealer ? Let me see some ID . The Bureau ? You on a case ? I heard reports of several UFO sightings in this area last night . Did you see anything ? No , sir , not personally . But we did receive a lot of telephone calls . - Any more calls tonight ? - No , sir . The FBI keeps tabs on these things ? No . I don 't like to pry , but why are you sitting here with your wiper blades on ? I was just knocking off some bugs that landed on my ... - Landed on my windshield . - Cockroaches ? Maybe . Maybe beetles . I don 't know . - I 'm not really good with bugs . - ( radio ) This is Despatch . Come in . Oven - Sorry to disturb you , sir . - What 's the matter ? Another roach attack . ( phone rings ) - Hello . - I think you better get up here . What is it ? Cockroaches are mortally attacking people . I 'm not gonna ask you if you said what I think you said . I know it 's what you said . I 'm with a bug exterminator whose recently deceased body ... _ .was discovered with cockroaches crawling all over him . The sheriff says two other bodies were found in the same condition this afternoon . Where are you again ? Miller 's Grove . It has a large science constituency . The other incidents involved a biologist and an astrophysicist . The witness to this case is an alternative-fuel researcher . These reports are not coming from yahoos out in the boondocks . The image of those cockroacnes has been permanently imprinted onto my brain . I see them every time I close my eyes . Try not to close your eyes . How am I gonna sleep ? And where ? I 'm certainly not spending the night here . Maybe you could get a motel room or something . - Were there insect bites on the body ? - Insect bites ? No . Cos millions of people are actually allergic to cockroaches . There have been reported cases of fatal reactions . It 's called anaphylactic shock . - Anaphylactic shock ? - Such reactions have occurred to ... Hentomologists or exterminators - OK we 'll check that out . - You still want me to come up ? No , no , no . I 'm sure you 're right . Thanks , Scully . - Who was that ? - My drug dealer . Dude , that 's some good crap . Come on , it 's your hoot . - I don 't know about this , you guys . - You really ought to , you know . Try it . This stuff takes your mind and just sort of , you know , expands it . Well , something tells me it 's more than my mind you guys are interested in expanding . - Well , how about another beer , then ? - OK . I don 't know . I think you 're makin ' a mistake here . Beer is just , you know ... beer . But this stuff , it , like , swings the doors of perception so wide open , _ .. _ .you can see a whole notherworld out there . But it 's still like this world , you know . It tweaks your mind and does this whole altered-state thing to it . And suddenly you see reality as it , you know , ... _ .really exists . - Oh , God ! - Dude , what 's wrong , man ? Oh , God ! - Roaches ! - Dude , you 're freakin ' , man Roaches ! Cockroaches ! Stop it ! ( phone rings ) Stay . Hello ? I take it back . I think you better get up here . - Another roach attack ? - This was no allergic reaction . Two witnesses claim they saw the victim screaming about roaches burrowing into him . - Are there insects in the body ? - We haven 't located any . - But there are wounds all over the body . - From the cockroaches ? Well , the victim did attempt to extract the insects using a razor blade . We 're not sure all the incisions are self-inflicted , except for the severed artery . - Was there any evidence of drug use ? - Well , he did have a home-made lab set up . I 'm not sure what he was producing . Oh , man ! It smells like a septic tank . Will you make sure this gets analysed here ? There 's a psychotic disorder associated with some drug abuse , _ _ . _ .where the abuser has delusions that insects are infesting their epidermis . - It 's called Ekbom Syndrome . - Ekbom Syndrome ? The victim cuts himself in an attempt to extract the imaginary insect . - You still want me to come up ? - No . You 're probably right . - I 'm sorry to bother you . - it 's no bother . Bye' - ( barking ) - Hey ! Braindead . Couldn 't get anything out of ' em _ How about some urine ? For a drug test . - Did you get it ? - Get me a container . - I think I killed it . - You didn 't kill it . You annihilated it . It must have moulted _ It 's just empty exoskeleton At least we have evidence that cockroaches were here . We 've got more than that , Sheriff . I think that bug 's exoskeleton was made of metal . - Nothing more than a skin abrasion . - Caused by a metallic substance ? Why don 't we wait until the analysis of the compound is finished ... _ .before jumping to any conclusions ? Agent Mulder , as a doctor , I always find it best to be completely honest and open ... _ .with my patients , no matter now unpleasant the information . What do you need to tell me ? No , I need you to tell me something . What the hell is going on here ? - Are we in any danger ? - I don 't know . - Well , should I evacuate my family ? - I wouldn 't know . They 're waiting for you to examine the boy 's body . Yeah , soon as I take a little break . After talking with Agent Mulder here , I suddenly feel slightly constipated . What 's his problem ? He 's upset that I don 't know what 's going on here . So what the hell is goin ' on here ? Just because I work for the government doesn 't mean I 'm an expert on cockroaches . You 're saying you don 't know anything about the governments experiments here ? - Experiments ? - A Department of Agriculture agent ... _ .sets up base on a couple of acres across town . Nobody knows exactly what 's goin ' on out there . It 's top-secret . - Very hush-hush . - What are you suggesting ? Killer bees were a genetic experiment gone awry . Let loose on an unsuspecting populace . VVno 's to say the government hasn 't created a new breed of Killer cockroaches ? You might wanna keep that theory to yourself , Sheriff . No need to create a panic . ( man ) Oh ! Oh , my God ! Help ! Somebody help me ! - What the hell happened ? - Cockroaches . - He was covered in cockroaches . - I don 't see any roaches . Well , when I went out to look for help and I came back , they 'd disappeared . Gently . Gently . It doesn 't appear odd in any ... Next time let me handle the roaches . ( phone rings ) Who died now ? The medical examiner . His body was found next to a toilet covered with roacnes . - I really think you should come . - A toilet ? Check his eyes . Is one of them bloodshot , with a dilated pupil ? - Well , yeah . - It was probably a brain aneurysm . Brain aneurysm ? Straining too forcefully is very common causation for bursting a brain aneurysm . - How do you explain the roaches , though ? - Did you catch any ? - Almost . - I don 't know what to tell you , Mulder . I just hope you 're not implying you 've come across an infestation of killer oockroaches . ( phone rings ) - Mulder . - Mulder , I 've been doing some research . In the ' 80s there was a cockroach species previously only found in Asia . Since then it 's appeared in Florida . They 've now established themselves in this country . - Do they attack people ? - No , but they 're different than our breeds . They fly long distances and are attracted to light . - Do they attack people ? - I 'm suggesting that what 's happening ... _ .might be the introduction of a new species of cockroach , one that is attracted to people . That all makes perfect sense . I don 't like it at all . Did you know that the Federal Government has been ... _ .conducting secret experiments here ? You 're not thinking of trespassing onto government property ? - I know you 've done it in the past , but I ... - it 's too late . I 'm already inside . - Well , what 's going on ? What do you see ? - I 'm in a house . It 's apparently empty . - What does the place look like ? - it 's a typical two-storey suburban house . Nice big living room , sparsely furnished , nice carpets , fireplace . Nice kitchen , modern appliances . - Moving walls . - Moving walls ? Yeah . They 're rippling . - Oh ! Cockroaches ! - What ? ! Cockroaches . They 're everywhere ! Ugh ! I 'm surrounded . - You 've got to get out of there right now . - No ! - Are you all right ? What happened ? - Flashlight went out . Mulder , what 's going on ? Gotta go . Mulder ! Mulder ! May I ask why you 're trespassing on government property ? - I 'm a federal agent . - So am I. Agent Mulder , FBI . Dr Berenbaum , USDA , Agricultural Research Service . Dr Berenbaum , I 'm gonna have to ask you a few questions . For instance ? What 's a woman like you doing in a place like this ? By studying now insects respond to changes in light , temperature , ... _ .air currents , food availability , we can determine the best ways to eradicate them . Why all the secrecy about your research ? You got the good townspeople suspicious . You expect us to advertise that we 've intentionally infested a house ... _ .with thousands of cockroaches ? But those cockroaches , are they a normal species ? They 're a common one . Have you ever come across a type of cockroach that is attracted to people ? Most cockroacnes have been known to wash themselves after being touched by humans . So you 've never seen an instance where a cockroach attacks a human being ? There have been cases where cockroaches crawled into a person 's ear , nose ... Nose ? What is that there ? It 's just a pet project of mine . Since an insect 's exoskeleton is a dielectric ... _ .surrounding the conductive medium of its body fluid , . _ _ _ .when introduced into an electrical field , the brush discharge results in a coloured flare . What is that supposed to prove ? Well , it 's my theory that UFOs are actually insect swarms . I don 't know if you know anything about UFOs , but all the characteristics of ... _ .atypical sighting are shared with nocturnal insects swarming through an electrical field . The sudden appearance of a coloured , glowing light hovering in the night sky . Moving in a non-mechanical manner , possibly humming . Creating interference with radio and television signals , .. _ _ .then suddenly disappearing . As ... nocturnal insect swarms . It 's ... it 's fascinating . Everything about insects is fascinating . They are truly remarkable creatures . So beautiful and so honest . Honest ? Eat , sleep , defecate , procreate . That 's all they do . That 's all we do , but at least insects don 't kid themselves that it 's anything more than that . Does my scientific detachment disturb you ? No . No , actually , I find it quite refreshing . ( phone rings ) Not now . You know , um ... _ .I have always found insects to be very interesting . Really ? This is the Hfth report of a deceased body found amongst a horde of cockroaches , ... _ .but police are not com7rming - yet - that the insects have anything to do with the fatalities . Police have denied that these deaths were the result of an outbreak ... _ .of the Ebola virus somehow being spread by infected cockroaches For now these incidents remain under local jurisdiction , _ _ _ _ .but a nurse here did com7rm that an FBI agent is on the case . Police are asking that if you see any cockroaches , don 't panic . Simply notify the local authorities and evacuate the area immediately . Reporting live , this is Sky Lathan for Channel 3 News . Then suddenly there was this terrible crash - You know , you could have been killed - - ( phone rings ) - Mulder , are you OK ? - I can 't sleep . - What happened at the USDA site ? They 're conducting legitimate experiments . I met an entomologist , a Dr Berenbaum , ... _ .who agrees with your theory of an accidental importation of a new species . Did he tell you how to catch ' em ? No , but she did tell me everything else there is to know about insects . She ? Yeah . Did you know the ancient Egyptians worshipped the scarab beetle ... _ .and maybe erected the pyramids to honour them , which may be symbolic dung heaps ? Did you know the inventor of the flush toilet was named Thomas Crapper ? - Bambi has a theory I 've never come across - - Who ? - Dr Berenbaum - Anyway , her theory is-- - - Her name is Bambi ? Yeah , both her parents were naturalists . Her theory is that UFOs are nocturnal insect swarms passing through electrical airfields . - Her name is Bambi ? - Scully , can I confess something to you ? - Yeah , sure , OK . - I hate insects . You Know , lots of people are afraid of insects , I \ / lulcler . It 's just ... - It 's a natural instinct of ... - No , no , no , I 'm not afraid of them . I hate them . One day back when I was a kid , I was climbing this tree ... _ .when I noticed this leaf walking towards me . - It took me for ever to realise it was no leaf . - A praying mantis ? Yeah , I had a praying-mantis epiphany , and as a result I screamed . Not a girlie scream , but the scream of someone being confronted ... _ .by some before-unknown monster that had no right existing on the same planet . Did you ever notice how a praying mantis 's head resembles an alien 's head ? The mysteries of the natural world were revealed . Instead of being astounded , I was ... _ _ repulsed _ Mulder , are you sure it wasn 't a girlie scream ? - ( man screams ) - What was that ? - I gotta go . - Mul _ _ _ No ... - Did you hear that too ? - It came from over here . What the hell 's goin ' on ? Hello ? Is everything all right in there ? ( screams ) ( phone rings ) - What happened this time ? - One of the motel guests died . IVlulder , I 'm coming up there right now . Scully , I think this man died simply from a reaction to the cockroaches . Two cases of anaphylactic shock in the same day in the same town is highly improbable . I 'm saying that this man simply had a heart attack . Word about the cockroach infestation and the deaths related to it has gotten out . I think this man simply saw some cockroaches and scared himself to death . Regardless , something strange is definitely going on up there . Maybe not . All your conjectures have proved correct . The exterminator did die from anaphylactic shock . The boy did die from self-inflicted wounds ... _ .and was getting high off methane fumes derived from burning manure . The medical examiner did die from a brain aneurysm . I still haven 't been able to explain the cockroaches . Or the fact that their exoskeletons are made of metal . Metal ? What are you talking about ? Mulder ? - IVlulder , I 'm coming up there . - Whatever . - Can you tell what kind of cockroach it is ? - I should be able to . The abdomen 's still attached and we differentiate species by their genitalia . - Oh , my God . - Is it abnormal ? I 'll say . He 's hung like a club-tailed dragonfly ! Excuse me . - Does it still look unusual ? - Well , yes . For an insect genitalia . But maybe not for a microprocessor . You 're implying that this insect is mechanical ? What am I supposed to be looking at here ? Have you ever seen anything like this before ? Only in science journals . I 've read about an artificial-intelligence researcher ... _ .who designs robots that resemble and behave like insects . I 've never seen them , but I 've often thought of visiting his lab . He works out of this town ? - Dr Ivanov ? - Why are you scaring my robots ? For decades my colleagues in artificial intelligence ... _ .have attempted to create an autonomous robot . By struggling to give their machines a humanlike brain , they have failed . A human brain is too complex . Too computational . It thinks too much . But insects merely react . I 've used insects as my model , not just in design , _ _ _ _ .but by giving them the simplest of computer programs : " Go to the object . " " Go away from moving object . " Governed only by sensors and reflex responses , _ _ _ _ .they take on the behaviour of intelligent living beings . So this is programmed to head towards any object ... _ .moving within the field of its sensors ? No . Then why is it following me ? It likes you . Your contract is with NASA ? The goal is to transport a fleet of robots to another planet ... _ .and allow them to navigate the terrain with more intricacy ... _ .than any space probe has done before . And it sounds slightly fantastic , but the only obstacle I can foresee ... _ .is devising a renewable energy source . In any case , this is the future of space exploration . It does not include living entities . I 'm just speculating , but if extraterrestrial life forms do exist ... No need for speculation . I believe they do . If they 're technologically advanced , and if your ideas about the future ... - _ .of space exploration are correct ... - The interplanetary explorers ... _ .of alien civilisations will likely be mechanical in nature . Yes . Anyone who thinks alien visitation will come not in the form of robots ... _ .but of living beings with big eyes and grey skin ... _ .has been brainwashed by too much science fiction . - Can you identify this ? - I 'm not really good with bugs . - A cricket 's leg ? - Try it under the microscope . Are you all right , Dr Ivanov ? Can you identify that ? Sir ? It 's ... beyond my comprehension . Hey , kid ! Move it ! Let go , buddy ! Get back in the car ! - ( man ) Hey , what are you , crazy ? - ( woman ) Hey , you idiot ! You hit me ! Excuse me . Do you sell road maps ? Could you tell me where they are ? - Come on . Hurry up . - What 's going on here ? Haven 't you heard about the roaches ? They 're devouring people . We 're getting outta here . - Have you seen any yourself ? - No , but they 're everywhere Roaches aren 't attacking people . They 're spreading the Ebola virus . Keep the change . We 're all gonna be bleeding from our nipples . All right . Listen up ! I 'm Agent Dana Scully from the Federal Bureau of Investigation . I am assuring you that you are not in any danger . Everything is gonna be OK if you just calm down and start acting rationally . Now where the hell are those road maps ? Hey ! This last can is mine ! Roaches ! Well , Doctor , I ... I appreciate you taking the time to ... answer my questions . Yeah . Greetings from planet Earth . Well , it 's a cockroach all right . It 's not like the leg segment you had me examine earlier . - It 's just a typical cockroach . - Even the ... Yes , even the genitalia 's normal . Cockroaches are common in this area this time of year . It 's one of the reasons I set up my study here . ( phone rings ) - Mulder . - IVlulder , this town is insane . - Where are you ? - In a convenience store on the outskirts of ... _ .civilisation. Look , I think I may have a lead . Remember Dr Eckerle , ... _ .the alternative-fuel researcher that witnessed the exterminator 's death ? Well , the fuel that he 's researching is methane gas . - Methane derived from manure . - Manure ? He has an import license to bring in animal dung samples from outside the country . Now , maybe you can confirm this with your Dr Bambi , ... _ .but I think the cockroaches are dung eaters , . _ _ _ .and , if so , some of them may have been shipped accidentally in some of the samples . This fuel research facility could be ground zero for the infestation . If an alien civilisation were technologically advanced enough to build and send ... _ .artificially intelligent robotic probes to space , _ _ . _ .might they not have been able to perfect the extraction of methane fuel from manure , ... _ .a replenishing energy source on a planet filled with dung-producing creatures ? - I think you 've been in this town too long . - Where 's the research facility located ? Bambi , you better wait here until I make sure it 's safe . Be careful . We don 't know what these cockroaches are capable of . If they 're even cockroaches . I 'm more worried about the human element . ( gunshot ) Dr Eckerle ? They 're after me . First at my house . Then at the motel . And then I came here to get away . But ... they 're following me . You 're not in any danger . They won 't harm you . - I 've seen them kill two men . - They weren 't responsible for those deaths . But they might be responsible for ours if you fire your gun in a plant full of methane gas . Don 't you understand ? The bugs , ... _ .they drive me crazy . Let me guess . Bambi . Fox told me to wait out here while he checked inside first . Should I come along with you ? No . This is no place for an entomologist . Why are these roaches making those weird noises ? In Madagascar the roaches hiss by blowing air through holes in their upper thorax . Really ? - How do you know so much about them ? - I don 't . That 's why we shouldn 't kill these but capture them for further study . Put the gun down . - Have I lost my mind ? - No . You 've had a very stressful day that 's affected your ability to think clearly . Yourjudgment is a little clouded right now . It is ? Then how do I know that you 're not a cockroach ? Mulder ? Mulder ! I assure you , Dr Eckerle , I 'm just as human as you are . If not more so . ( phone rings ) You are one of them ! - Mulder ! - Get out ! This whole place could blow ! Get down ! Crap . It 's like a crematorium . I don 't think we 're gonna locate the doctor 's remains . - Or anything else for that matter . - It 's not as bad as some of the other fires . - There were others ? - Four , to be exact . Plus 18 automobile accidents , 13 assault and batteries , two stores were looted . 36 injuries all total , half of ' em from insecticide poisoning . But we didn 't receive reports on cockroaches or otherwise for the last couple of hours . Maybe this town 's finally come to its senses . You two oughta go home and get some rest . You look pooped . Agent Mulder ! They told me I could locate you here . Those segments you showed me earlier - may I examine them again ? Well , they 're completely desiccated . Just like the moulted exoskeleton . Many insects don 't develop wings until their last moulting stage . Perhaps these things had their final moult ... _ .and have flown off back to wherever they originated . - Yeah , that would explain everything ( ! ) - May I borrow this for further study ? I 've already had a similar sample analysed . it 's nothing but common metals . - What do you hope to find from it ? - His destiny . Isn 't that what Dr Zaius said to Zira at the end of the Planet of the Apes ? - It 's one of my favourite movies . - Ivline too . I love science fiction . I 'm also fascinated by your research . Have you considered programming your robots ... _ .to mimic behaviour of social insects like ants or bees ? As a matter of fact , I have . You know , I read ... Smart is sexy . Think of it this way . By the time there 's another invasion ... _ .of artificially intelligent , clung-eating robotic probes , ... _ .maybe their Uberchildren will have devised a way to save our planet . You know , I never thought I 'd say this to you , Scully , ... _ .but you smell bad . Our cerebral cortex is the greatest achievement ... _ .of the evolutionary processes . Big deal . While allowing us intellect and self-consciousness , _ _ _ _ .it is all too often overruled by our inner instinctive brain : the one that tells us to react , not reflect , to run rather than ruminate - Maybe we have gone as far as we can go , and the next advance , ... - - whatever that may be , will be made by beings we create using our own tech-- - ( beep ) - .. tech . _ . - ( beep ) - -technology Life forms we can design and program not to be-- - _ .ultimately governed and constricted by the rules of sun / ival . Perhaps that step has already been achieved on another planet ... _ .by organisms that had a billion years ' head start on us . If these beings ever visited us , would we recognise what we were seeing ? And would they react in anything but horron .. _ .at seeing such mindless , primitive , hideous creatures ? Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
