 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Check set . Gauthier ? Gauthier ? Gauthier ? Gauthier ? Hold the elevator . Hold it ! Hold it ! Thanks . Agent Scully ? Can I see you for a few minutes ? Kimberly , would you excuse us , please ? Certainly , sir . A memo came across my desk last night . I debated whether or not to call you at home , but I decided to ... And it concerns me ? Yes . And your sister . It 's been five months , and there have been no new leads or evidence in her murder investigation by the D.C. police team or the Bureau . I 've been told the case is to be made inactive until further notice . I see . I don 't think there 's anything to be read into this . I think it 's a case of manpower and workload . I want you to know though that I am going to appeal this decision , and I 'm going to go back over all the evidence again myself to make sure that nothing has been overlooked . You know , it 's strange . Men can blow up buildings and they can be nowhere near the crime scene , but we can piece together the evidence and convict them beyond a doubt . Our labs here can recreate , out of the most microscopic detail , the motivation and circumstance to almost any murder , right down to a killer 's attitude towards his mother and that he was a bed wetter . But in the case of a woman , my sister , who was gunned down in cold blood in a well-lit apartment building by a shooter who left the weapon at the crime scene , we can 't even put together enough to keep anybody interested . I don 't think this has anything to do with interest . If I may say so , sir , it has everything to do with interest . Just not yours , and not mine . Yeah ? Sorry I 'm late . Anything up ? No . It 's nothing . What did you want to talk to me about ? Something interesting came to my attention last night . A French salvage ship the Piper Maru , limped into port in San Diego yesterday , all the way from the North Pacific . Why is that of interest ? Using the National Weather Service satellite system , I was able to track its course . This was its original position . " Longitude 171 East , latitude 42 North . " Yeah . That 's where the boat we know as the Talapus pulled up what you believed was a Russian sub , and what I believed was the remains of a UFO . - Oh , Mulder ... - Look , Scully , I don 't know what it is , but something is still down there , and now the French are looking for it , too . So what ? So why all the attention paid to this site ? What information are they acting on ? Why don 't you just ask them ? I would , but the entire crew is being treated for radiation burns . From exposure to what ? The French government is keeping that information classified for some reason . Could it have anything to do with their resumption of nuclear tests ? I checked . It 's thousands of miles away from any test site . What ? I 'm just constantly amazed by you . I ... You 're working down here in the basement , sifting through files and transmissions that any other agent would just throw away in the garbage . Well , that 's why I 'm in the basement , Scully . You 're in the basement because they 're afraid of you- - of your relentlessness , and because they know that they could drop you in the middle of the desert and tell you the truth is out there , and you 'd ask them for a shovel . That 's what you think of me ? Well , maybe not a shovel . Maybe a backhoe . Well , that 's good , because there 's some garbage in San Diego I want you to help me dig through . Dr. Seizer ? Yes ? Special Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . You 're here about these French sailors with the radiation exposure ? Yeah . How are they doing ? Not real good . It 's been difficult to determine a proper course of treatment , because there 's an air of secrecy around what happened . The source of their exposure is still undetermined . These symptoms- - would you characterize them as acute or somatic ? I 'm a medical doctor . They 're somatic . Although I don 't think we 've seen the worst of it . The effects are degrading rapidly- - spontaneous internal bleeding in the mouths and intestinal tracts , blood in the urine . All these men are suffering severe delirium- - the pre-advanced stages of coma . What kind of exposure are we talking about here ? 200 , maybe 400 roentgens with a high rate of absorption . That 's verging on the levels the victims of Hiroshima suffered . Whatever these men came in contact with , it was man-made . Levels like this just don 't appear in nature . Not on this planet . Did you get a chance to talk to any of them ? No . They were in pretty bad shape by the time they got to me , except for one man- - and this was strange because he was the only one who seemed to be completely unaffected . I held him for the first day , but I detected none of the symptoms of the others . His leukocytes and erythrocytes were high . Actually , he was in very good health . How could that be ? With that level of radiation , how could one man not be exposed ? Doesn 't make any sense . But it 's lucky for these men , because he was the one who piloted the boat in , and none of these men could have done that in their condition . Would it be possible for us to talk to him ? You could if he was still here , but he discharged himself this morning . He 's a Frenchman , has a San Francisco address . His name is Gauthier . Okay . Let 's wrap it up and get in the trucks . I 'm getting no answer at this man Gauthier 's home number . Try the INS or the French consulate . See what you can pull on him . Right there . Yes , could I have the number for the French consulate , please ? - Agents Mulder and Scully , FBI . - I 'm Wayne Morgan . I 'm with the Navy 's Investigative Services Unit . Have you turned anything up ? No , nothing , but I 'm not exactly sure what I 'm supposed to be looking for . The crew of this ship is being treated for radiation . Yeah , we got all that . We had a Hazmat team poring over the boat ; didn 't find a trace . Nothing ? We had divers in the water going over the hull , put probes down the bilge . Couldn 't detect the slightest level . So it 's okay for us to go on board ? Sure . Probably get more radiation off your cell phone . Generator 's back up . That better ? Yeah . Thanks . Is this the way you found this room ? Nothing 's been touched . Not since she 's been tied up here anyway . It 's a mess , huh ? Feels like home . Feels like somebody was looking for something . Any idea what ? No . I 'm looking for the VCR . What for ? The dive suit has a video camera . What the hell is that ? Looks like the fuselage of a plane . It 's a North American P-51 Mustang . Yeah . It sure is . I just got very turned on . It 's the shape of the canopy . I used to watch my father and brothers put together World War Two model planes as a kid . Would it have been carrying anything radioactive ? No . It was just a fighter . Then what was it those men were exposed to ? I don 't know , but I might know somebody I can ask . You 're home . Oh , I was so worried about you . Why didn 't you call me ? There were these men here from the consulate . They said there 'd been an accident . Why aren 't you answering me ? Why aren 't you answering me ? Hi . I 'm here to see Commander Johansen . Name , please . Special Agent Dana Scully , FBI . Do you have an appointment ? No . He used to be a friend of my father 's . I 'm out here from Washington . I wanted to surprise him . Let me give you directions . I know my way . Thanks . Eight , seven , six , five , four ... got it . Your turn . Five , four ... got it . Good , Dana ! Mr. Gauthier . Mr. Gauthier , open the door . It 's the FBI . Mr. Gauthier ? Mr. Gauthier ? Salvage ... Mr. Gauthier ? I want you to lie still . I 'm with the FBI . What happened ? Did you fall ? I-I don 't know . How did you get here ? I can 't remember . I was on the boat . The Piper Maru ? That 's the last thing you remember ? Yes . I was on a dive . Okay . Do you know where you are now ? - I 'm at home . - Yeah . Where 's my wife ? Nobody else is home , but somebody 's been here going through your papers . Where 's Joan ? ! She 's not here . Look , I ... you need to be careful . You 've got some kind of oil all over you . What 's going on here ? I want you to try to remain calm , okay ? I 'd like to ask you a few questions about a letter . About a J. Kallenchuk Salvage Brokers . I don 't recognize that name . Well , somebody did . And I think you know why . I would like to speak to the French consul general . I have nothing more to say . He 'll be right out . Yes ? Commander Johansen ? Yes . I 'm Dana Scully . I used to live three doors down . My-my father was Captain William Scully . I-I went to school with your son . I 'm sorry , um ... my memory isn 't quite what it used to be . Richard doesn 't live here anymore . Actually , sir , I-I came to see you . Oh ? I work for the FBI now , and , uh , there 's a question that I 'm hoping that you can answer . Well , would you come in ? Do sit down . Thank you . Would you like something to drink ? - No , thanks . - Ah . I know that you were an officer in the Pacific theatre during World War Two . I wanted to ask you about a plane that 's been discovered . - Discovered ? - Yes . A P-51 Mustang at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean with the , uh , call numbers JTT0 111470 . Well , those are not the call numbers of a P-51 . There was an illustration on the fuselage with the words " Drop Dead Red . " I 'm sorry . Well , would the words " Zeus Faber " mean anything to you ? No . But as I said , sometimes my memory is not so sharp . Well , would you know anybody I might be able to talk to ? Someone who might be able to give me that information ? I wish I could help you . I wish you could , too . There 's a number of French sailors who may die from radiation exposure . If we knew more about the plane , we might be able to understand why . Anyway ... it was very good to see you again , sir . Oh , say hello to your father for me . I wish I could . He 's passed away . I 'm ... I 'm very sorry . I have to say , this place brings back memories for me . I remember all the kids used to play a game called Beckons Wanted ... right out there . Well ... if you talk to your son , will you tell him I stopped by ? Thank you . Who is it ? My name is Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . It 's open . Can I help you ? Yeah , I 'm looking for Mr. Kallenchuk . I 'm sorry , Mr. Kallenchuk 's out of town . Perhaps I could help you with something . Maybe you can tell me where I can find him . Sure . The Far East . Well , I 've got a letter here typed on his stationery . Maybe you typed it for him ? Sorry . I don 't type . What did you say your name was again ? Mulder . Mr. Mulder , I 'd be happy to relay any message you have for him , but I really have no way of contacting Mr. Kallenchuk just now . Okay . Well , why don 't you just have him call me as soon as he can . Sure . The FBI . Yes . What did you say your name was ? Geraldine . Thank you , Geraldine . Agent Scully , would you step out of the car , please ? Why ? Just turn off the engine and step out of the car , please . What 's this about ? You 're being detained . Pull over there . What 's going on ? I can 't give your regards to my son , Miss Scully . He was killed in a training accident during the Gulf War . I 'm sorry . There 's something else , isn 't there ? We bury our dead alive , don 't we ? I don 't know if I understand . We hear them every day . They talk to us . They haunt us . They beg us for meaning . Conscience ... it 's just the voices of the dead , trying to save us from our own damnation . You know something about that plane , don 't you ? I know ... because I was sent to find it as an officer in a submarine called the Zeus Faber . Okay , you 're all set . Flight 114 at Gate 2 . Have a good trip . Thank you . Next in line , please . Mulder . Mulder , it 's me . Where are you ? San Francisco Airport . Where are you ? Miramar Air Base . I think I just found out what those men were exposed to- - what the Piper Maru was out there looking for . What ? That P-51 Mustang was part of an escort for a B-29 carrying an atomic bomb , just like the one we dropped on Hiroshima , only , this one never reached its target . Says who ? Says one of the men originally sent to find it on a submarine called the Zeus Faber . That was the name we saw written on that dive chart , right ? It all makes sense , Mulder . Why would they build a nuclear weapon when they can salvage one ? Why , if they knew about it , why wait 50 years to try to recover it ? And why was the only person not exposed the diver who was sent down to find it ? I don 't know . Why don 't you try to find out ? What about you ? I got to go to Hong Kong . Hong Kong ? Yeah . Look , I 'm going to miss my flight , so , uh , I got to call you back , okay ? Hi . Anything good here ? Anything not on the menu ? You 'll have to ask the waitress . You gentlemen have a problem ? When something 's not on the menu , Mr. Skinner , there 's usually a reason , wouldn 't you say ? I 'm sorry . I didn 't come here for the conversation . A hierarchy exists in the FBI , isn 't that right ? A man has status , like yourself , the assistant director . Those under him obey his orders , right ? Who are you guys ? We work for the intelligence community . Remind me not to move there . You take your orders like those below you , Mr. Skinner . A case is made inactive- - the death of an FBI agent 's sister- - maybe that 's because those above you have done the hard work of arriving at that decision . Thanks for the enlightenment . I 'm going to go now . It helps to remember these things when a man looks forward to his career ... to his plans for the future . We all joined , thinking we 'd come home heroes . That 's me . The rest of the men in the picture- - a month later , they were all dead . The madness we 'd planned to unleash on the Japanese- - we ended up setting it loose on ourselves . Radiation killed all those men ? The men you say had burns on their bodies- - that 's how it began with us . Awful burns . We 'd found the sunken squadron when a Japanese destroyer moved into the area . But rather than attempt to return home , Captain Sanford ordered us to go to silent running . After three days , the burns started to appear . Baker got them first , then Vorce and Innocenti . No one had seen burns like these before , but a lot of us began to suspect they had something to do with the planes that we 'd been sent to recover . The men were all frightened or dying . As the X.O. , I urged the captain to return to port , but against all reason and good sense , he refused to leave the area . Captain Sanford ? I 'm not an M.D. , but I know a lost cause when I see one . These men are all dying , and there 's nothing I can do to stop it . Just do your damn job . Sir , I 'm trying , but if we stay down here any longer , none of us are going home . You 're the X.O.- - you 've got to get us to the surface . We are under captain 's orders . The man is losing his mind . The Japanese are shadowing us . That destroyer is doing wide circles above our position . You have to take control of this sub , sir . You have to make a decision . We 're all going to die ! All of us ! We 're dying ! Can 't you all see that ? ! You 've got to get us out of here ! Our silence had been shattered by the gunshot . The only command that could save us from the Japanese destroyer now was a command to return home- - an order I knew that the captain would never issue . Johansen ! Open this door ! Open this door ! Johansen ! I knew mutiny was our only chance for survival , but I also knew , by sealing that door , I was sealing the fate of the men locked behind it . By luck , or the grace of God , we made it to Pearl Harbor . What happened to Sanford and the sick crewmen ? When they opened that door , those that were not dead were dying . There were 144 men on that boat . Only seven of us survived . Whatever killed them- - I was allowed to live to raise a family , to grow old . None of us ever got an explanation why . This seat taken , Miss Kallenchuk ? Geraldine Kallenchuk , isn 't it ? Jerry , with a " J. " I noticed you flew first class . Must be good money selling classified government secrets . It 's a bull market , hon , and I 'm Miss Popular . Let 's make a deal . How much for the location of that P-51 Mustang you sold the French government ? Why should I tell you ? Actually , I 'd rather know who sold you the secrets . I 'm a middleman , Mr. Mulder . Pardon my gender type . I take a cut- - a thin slice off the top . It 'd be bad business to divulge my sources . Why 'd you run off to Hong Kong ? To meet with a buyer . To sell him what ? Pardon your gender type . Oh , your buyer 's a woman . Actually , you know , it 's none of your damn business . Actually , you know , it is my damn business , because whatever it is you 're selling , it 's killing half a dozen sailors in a California hospital , which is why I 'm going to arrest you . Arrest me ? With what , your chopsticks ? This is Hong Kong , Mr. Mulder . They don 't allow handguns here . They took yours away at the airport . Hey . Hey , you can 't do that ! I just did it . Now let 's make a deal . You 're violating my civil rights . You gave up your civil rights when you committed treason . You can 't force me to do anything . Open it . Pardon my gender type , but after you . Where are the lights ? Right here . Krycek . I thought guns were against the law here . Yeah , well , you know what they say . When guns are outlawed ... Why don 't you take that gun and shoot yourself in your head like you shot my father . Great . High noon in Hong Kong . Why don 't you just shut up ! Let me go ! Open this door ! No way to treat your business partner , especially since she seems to be moving those secrets you 're selling so well . Looks like she 's your partner now . Damn . Is the coffee hot ? Yeah . How 's the blue plate ? Looks good . I 'll have one medium rare , please . You got a pay phone that 's out of order . Nobody complains ? I 'm complaining . I 'm sorry , sir . I 'm sure it 's been called in . You 're sure ? Meanwhile , I 'm going to miss a phone call . That 's going to cost me time and money . Who 's going to call that in ? I 'm sorry , sir . I don 't know what else to say . Say you 're going to pay me the $ 1.75 the phone ate . No , you 'll have to deal with the phone company , sir . You deal with them . I want my money . Is there a problem here ? Yeah , there is a big problem ! Oh , my God ! Chupa dura , amigo . Oh , my God ! I 'll call 911 ! Scully . Agent Scully , this is Kim Cook from the director 's office . Yes ? We 've just got some bad news . A.D. Skinner 's just been shot . When ? About an hour ago . He 's been taken to Northeast Georgetown . I 'm on my way . That 's for your partner . This is for me . And this is for my father . I didn 't kill your father . Now you tell me . It wasn 't me . Oh , yeah ? Then who was it ? I don 't know . Either way , Krycek , you 're a liar . Come on , finish it , Mulder . Come on , finish it . Do it ! I want that digital tape . I don 't have it . Like hell you don 't . That tape contains the secrets you were selling as well as everything else our government knows about the existence of extraterrestrial life . How could I sell anything ? The tape was encrypted . Obviously you found a way . I don 't have it . But I 'll give it to you if you let me go . Where is it ? D.C. In a locker . No . If you let me go , I 'll tell you . You put that tape in my hands , and we 'll talk about it . Now , why don 't you go to the bathroom and clean yourself off . If you 're not out of there in three minutes , I 'm coming in there to kill you . What the ... ? Feel better ? Like a new man . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
