 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi I remember me and him all the way back to kindergarten . He was , uh ... I don 't know . He was like a brother or something . And we had some good times . Good times that I 'll never forget and ... junk like that . And , like , now , we all got to stick together and protect each other , 'cause that 's what Bruno would have wanted . 'Cause they say the cult is going to come try and get more of us , and we can 't let that happen . So we got to kick some butt . We got to kick some butt ... like I 'm sure Bruno 's doing in heaven right now . Here he is . Boom ? Boom , are you okay ? Yeah . That was beautiful . Yep . So did you hear who the cult is supposed to be coming after next ? A blonde virgin . Come on , I 'll give you guys a ride home . I mean , your mom is always saying , " Wait until you 're married . Don 't just give it away . " Yeah . And then some cult member wants to kidnap you and sacrifice you because you are a virgin . God . I mean , how do they even know if you really are a virgin ? I don 't know . I don 't even want to think about it . You 're not a virgin , are you , Boom ? Uh ... no . You know , maybe if we weren 't virgins , we wouldn 't be so scared . Over here ! Hey , he found something ! Oh , God . Is he dead ? Yeah , it looks like he hung himself . He loves me not . He loves me . He loves me not . He loves me . He loves me not . He loves me . He loves me not . He loves me . - Not . - Eh . The map says to turn right at the intersection . The detective who contacted me told me to turn left . At the intersection ? At the stoplight . This isn 't a stoplight , it 's a stop sign . Well , I 'm sure she meant stop sign . Turn right . What more can I say about the loss of a young man like Jay De Boom that the sadness in each of our own hearts does not express more poignantly ? A few people have asked if they might come up and share some of their own personal remembrances of Jay , and I 'd like to invite them to come forward at this time and share some of those thoughts . His friends called him Boom . Quarterback of the football team . He was well liked , a leader . He was looking forward to college until he was found hanged in the woods two days ago . That 's the third death of a high school boy in as many months . In your fax , you said there were strong suspicions of a satanic cult at work . That 's the popular opinion around here . Wildly popular , actually . Based on what evidence ? Various eyewitness accounts of satanic rituals being conducted . I remember me and Boom back to kindergarten . He was , I don 't know ... like a brother or something . And do you have physical evidence of these rituals being conducted ? No . No , just the murder victims . So you have nothing concrete to connect these things to Satanists . If you detect a hint of skepticism or incredulity in Agent Scully 's voice , it 's because of the overwhelming evidence gathered by the FBI debunking virtually all claims of ritual abuse by satanic cults . Is that true ? Don 't ask me . Our research has proven that most of these accounts are false or imagined- - that the trauma or mental illness that is often linked to satanic cults is a result of denial , hysteria and misplaced blame . Well , you 're going to have a hard time convincing the locals of that , especially after hearing the stories of the two girls that were there the night Boom died . Who interviewed them ? I did . Together or separate ? Together . Why ? Well , then you have no way of determining whether or not their stories are fabricated . No , no , these are good kids we 're talking about- - outstanding students . And the details they gave- - I doubt they could 've made them up . Let me guess . They told you about a wild beast entering in on a black mass , the drinking of blood , the sacrifice of an infant or a blonde virgin . Yeah , that 's right . Excuse me . Let me in there . Where 's she going ? You don 't suppose she 's a virgin , do you ? I doubt she 's even a blonde . Would you let me by ? No , sir , you can 't go in there ! I 'm sorry , you cannot go in there . How long are we going to stand by and watch our children die while Satan 's soldiers run free in this city ? ! Bob , this is no time ... No time ? No time ? ! Hey , hey . Bob , this is not the place for this . My wife can 't sleep at night ! My kids say they can feel Satan 's presence ! We got to ... we got to wake up and take action , people ! We got to cast the Devil out of our community ! All right , everybody ! Stay calm ! Maybe we 're just imagining that . My name is Terri Roberts . I go to Grover Cleveland Alexander High School . I 'm a senior with a 3.98 grade point average . My name is Margi Kleinjan . I go to Grover Cleveland Alexander High School . I 'm a senior with a 3.75 grade point average . I 'm on the cheerleading yell squad with my best friend Terri . I 'm on the cheerleading yell squad with my best friend Margi , and we plan to go to college together in the fall . Yeah . Could you tell me again exactly what happened the night of Jay De Boom 's death ? Uh , Boom ... Jay ... was giving us a ride home in his truck , when all of a sudden , he swerved off the road ... Like he had been possessed or something , and he made us get out of the car and walk to a clearing where people were wearing black robes and holding black candles . I couldn 't see their faces underneath their hoods , but I knew they were up to no good . How did you know they were up to no good ? Well , they were all standing around this altar , and one of them had a long knife with a snake 's head on the handle with ruby eyes . And I thought for sure we were dead because we 'd heard that they were going to sacrifice a blonde virgin . But instead , they just brought out this little crying baby and put it on the altar , and the man with the knife started saying some kind of prayer . He was chanting , and he was saying stuff about how they were going to sacrifice the baby because it hadn 't been christened yet , and how they were going to bury it in a mass grave on the outskirts of town with all the other babies that they 'd killed . And ... and and the whole group was chanting and saying things , and the man with the knife raised the knife up over the baby , and that 's when Terri and I just ran for our lives . The two stories are virtually identical . The one corroborates the other . I don 't suppose there have been any actual reports of stolen infants or of mass graves being uncovered anywhere in town , or that you found an altar or any other evidence of a black mass ? No . No , in fact , we haven 't . The problem is that the details of these accounts could have been taken from any newspaper or magazine . As horrific as they sound , the stories that these girls told are common , even cliché . If you detect a hint of impatience in Agent Scully 's voice , that 's because the FBI 's study also found that in most cases , like the McMartin Preschool trial , witnesses were often prompted in their statements by rumors or stories that were being circulated and that there was in fact nothing to support them . How do you explain the burning coffin at the funeral ? Don 't ask me . There have been incidents where the embalming fluid used to preserve the body have caused chemical reactions and produced heat and burning . I see nothing here that would suggest otherwise . What is that ? What 's what ? That pattern there on his chest . Yeah , I see it . It looks like a goat or some kind of horned beast . A horned beast ? Yeah , right here . In a circle . Think you guys are seeing something that isn 't there . No , no , right here , look . You see , the horns are right there . No , I don 't see the horns right there . I assume you 'll call me if you need me for anything further . If it 's no bother , if it 's not too big a deal , maybe you could get me a few photographs of that thing which bears absolutely no resemblance to a horned beast . Sure . Fine . Whatever . Oh , hi . Uh , hi . What are you doing with my cat ? He was scratching to get in . And I thought , with the threat of satanic animal sacrifices looming , maybe you should keep him inside . I thought the FBI 's research would have debunked that theory . Uh , first off , I 'd like to apologize for my partner 's rude behavior . She tends to be rather rigid , but rigid in a wonderful way , not like she was today . Personally , I like to try to keep a more open mind . So , what are you doing at my house ? I was hoping you could help me solve the mystery of the horny beast . Let me make sure I heard you right . You say you see horns . You don 't see a goat here ? Some kind of beast ? This is a trick , right ? To try and entrap me ? Nobody 's trying to entrap you . Yeah , right . There are a lot of loonies running around this town that like to think that I 'm a Satanist . But the truth is , I 'm just a number cruncher trying to make an honest living here . Well , what do you think is going on , if I may ask ? Well , I think the whole town 's lost its marbles . I should have been the first to see it coming , but it 's hard being a small business owner . I mean , you should see the paperwork . What do you mean , " seen it coming " ? Well , we 're heading into a rare planetary alignment where Mercury , Mars and Uranus are extreme influences . On what ? Office hours are 9 : 00 to 5 : 00 . All major credit cards accepted . Hey , move it down ! Shoot that ball and shoot , shoot ! Shoot that ball and shoot , shoot ! Shoot that ball and shoot , shoot ! Shoot that ball and shoot , shoot ! Shoot that ball ... Craig Wilmore . Hate him , Roger . Points though for improved dermatology , Gene . Can it be true that these people will soon be adults bringing new life into this world ? I 'm so depressed . Hi , Scott . Let 's go , Simmons ! Scott Simmons . Babe-alicious in overtime , Gene . Minus the Brenda appendage . Hate her . Hate her , wouldn 't want to date her . Oh , hey , sorry . Hate him ! Hate him , wouldn 't want to date him . Get the ball , come on ! Come on , hurry up ! Hey ! Turn the lights on , will you ? I can 't get out ! I can 't get out ! Somebody stop it quick ! I can 't get out here ! Come on , help me ! Grab on to it ! Call 911 ! What happened ? Another young man has died . An electrical surge caused a power failure , but somehow activated the motor that retracts the bleachers , and he got caught inside . - Detective White , can I see you ? - Excuse me . I can hear him screaming , but ... You weren 't in your motel room . I went to follow up a lead with Detective White . I see . You see what ? Look , we 've been working together for , what , two years now ? We have differing opinions , but I didn 't expect you to ditch me . I didn 't ditch you . Fine . Whatever . We got more trouble . A mob has gathered on the south side of town . Okay . Hey , Bob , we got company ! What 's going on here , Bob ? George Hunsaker 's little boy got a phone call from someone who said they knew the location of the mass grave . You 're destroying private property , Bob . You 're going to have to stop digging . Our children are dying ! Well , that does not give you the right to come out here and tear up Harvey Molitch 's backyard . Maybe Harvey 's got something to hide . We got two kids who are prepared to say he took them on a camping trip and made them play naked movie star games ! That man- - is he always that hysterical ? No . Bob 's our high school principal . I 've never heard him say a bad word about anyone . This is called rumor panic . It 's when an antecedent event links up with a popular satanic cult myth and it increases the tension in a community . A villain or villains are singled out , as the focus of the community 's confusion and angst about unexplained events , like the death of the high school boys . There have been at least 20 incidents since 1983 , from upstate New York to Reno , Nevada . And not one of them has turned up a single shred of evidence to support the wild allegations . I found bones ! She found bones ! All right , everybody , stay back ! Okay , folks , stay back , folks , stay back . Take it easy . They 're in the bag . Go ahead . No , you go ahead . No , no , be my guest . I know how much you like snapping on the latex . They 're child 's bones ! What is that ... what is that right there ? That some kind of lettering there ? " RWG . " Dick Godfrey . That bag belongs to Dr. Godfrey . He 's the baby killer ! Who 's Dr. Godfrey ? He 's the town pediatrician . He 's a killer ! Come on out , Godfrey ! Open this door ! Come on out , Godfrey ! We know you 're in there ! Godfrey ! He 's home ! He 's in there ! Come on out of there , you baby killer ! Psycho ! Let me get this straight for the record . You haven 't seen the bag in a year , and you sold it at a garage sale . To a young girl- - one of the Roberts family . They live a few doors down . Why was it filled with bones and buried in the middle of a field ? I have no idea . Well , the people of this town seem to think you do . Would you be willing to take a lie detector test ? You can go now , Dr. Godfrey . I don 't think we 'll be needing you any further . Your story checked out . Oh , thank God . The bones turned out to be the skeletal remains not of an infant , but of a beloved 14-year-old Lhasa apso formerly known as Mr. Tippy . Mr. Tippy . This may not be any time to mention it , but someone is wearing my favorite perfume . Can I have a word with you ? This has gone on far enough . What ? I am not going to be humiliated by you , in front of you , or by having to bring a teenage girl in , on her birthday of all days , to identify the bones of her dead dog , Mr. Tippy . I see no reason to pursue this case any further , and not only that , I find your conduct and comportment in this investigation not just alarming but highly objectionable . What are you doing ? Must be Detective White . If that 's the reason we 're sticking around , that 's your business . What ? What are you talking about ? Detective White . We came down here because of three unexplained deaths . Detective White is just trying to solve them . She could use our help . Well , you two seem to have a certain ... simpatico . I 'm going back to Washington in the morning . Oh , Terri ! Whoo ! Yeah ! What are you going to ask , Brenda ? Who am I going to marry ? " S. " Ooh , Scott . " A " ? " T " ? What ? " A-N " ? " Satan " ? One Bloody Mary , two Bloody Mary , three Bloody Mary , four Bloody Mary ... What are you guys doing ? You just close your eyes and count to 13 , and Bloody Mary appears in the mirror . Come on in ... Brenda . No . Thank you . Five Bloody Mary , six Bloody Mary , seven Bloody Mary ... Turn it off ! Turn it off ! " Detective White could use our help . " " She 's just trying to solve this case . " " She 's just ... " " Detective White . " Can I come in ? What happened ? I found that on my front doorstep . If they 're not Satanists , who are they ? What are you doing ? Nothing . You 've been drinking . Yes , I-I have , which is funny , because I usually ... I normally never ... I don 't drink . Oh . You know , I don 't feel like going home . Do you mind if I slept here ? Actually , I 'm sure I could , uh , get you another room . Maybe we can solve the mystery of the horny beast . Maybe we should just watch some television . Uh , there 's-there 's a movie on TV . Actually , it 's the same ... the same movie on every channel . Weird . I like weird . I feel weird . Mul ... There 's been another death . Was it a murder ? A high school girl was impaled by flying glass from a bathroom mirror . - Let me drive . - I 'm driving . Scully , it 's not what you think . I didn 't see anything anyway . - Will you let me drive ? - I 'm driv ... Why do you always have to drive ? ! Because you 're the guy ? Because you 're the big macho man ? No . I was just never sure your little feet could reach the pedals . Will you go with her , please ? Thank you . " Big macho man . " Hey . Loss of appetite- - that 's not a good sign . I 'd like to be alone . Well , you got your wish . What happened to you guys ? - You used to be ... - Look , Scott , we 're not dressed like this for the funeral . We 're here to make you feel better tonight- - carpe p.m. Oh ... Hate him . Hate him . When we were here before , you ... I 'm just waiting for authorization . I 'm a federal agent . Last I heard , the federal government couldn 't pay its bills . Okay . You 're good for up to 300 bucks . How can I help you ? You said that you knew why people were behaving so strangely around here . Well , the same reason that my dog 's been trying to mate with the gas barbecue for the last two months . You said it was planetary . Once every 84 years , Mercury , Mars and Uranus come into conjunction ; only , this year , Uranus is in the house of Aquarius . That 's a bad thing ? Bad like an Irwin Allen movie . I mean , things are going to fall out of the sky . Disaster lies in wait , especially around here . Why here ? Well , we 're in a geological vortex , a high-intensity meridian . A cosmic G-spot ? All culminating on January 12 , when the planets come into perfect alignment . Which would be today . Hey . But why is this affecting everyone ? Well , some people more than others . Relationships are going to suck . Significant dates can exaggerate the effects . What if today was my birthday ? Then I 'd say , happy birthday . Unless , of course , you were born in 1979 , and then I 'd call the police . You 'd have a Jupiter-Uranus opposition , forming what 's called a " grand square , " where all the planets align into a cross . All the energy of the cosmos would be focused on you . You don 't have to be alone tonight . What are you doing ? The insensitivity to your pain was too much for me to bear . So , I ... What ? ! So you what ? So you blew me off so you could snag some shoulder time with rude boy . Back off , Terri . Happy birthday , bitch . Right back at you . You 're bleeding . So are you . You killed him . What do you mean , I killed him ? You killed him . I didn 't kill him . Terri ? Oh ... oh , my God . Up ahead ! I 'll let you fill in the amount . Mulder . I know who the killer is . I know who did it all . Who is this ? Margi Kleinjan . Where are you , Margi ? Just tell me where you are . I don 't know what you think you 're doing , but I suggest you put that gun down , sir , or I 'm going to have to arrest you . We 're not standing around anymore waiting for answers . We 're taking this situation into our own hands . You can 't go walking down the middle of the street carrying a loaded weapon ; it 's against the law . Not if I 'm hunting , it 's not- - hunting Satanists . There are no Satanists here . Then who killed those kids ? And who killed all these birds ? Somebody help me ! I know who the killer is . I know who did it all . All the murders . Come on , Margi . Let 's get you out of here . She killed him . Who ? Terri . She killed all of them . She killed all the high school boys ? And Brenda Summerfield . How did she do it ? I think she 's possessed or something . She killed Scott Simmons tonight with a garage door spring . I don 't know how she does it . I think ... I think she 's ... I think she 's evil . She tricked Boom into going up on that cliff , and then she pushed him off and laughed about it , just like she did Eric Bauer the other night in the gym . When all the lights went out and she knew that he was trapped underneath the bleachers , she could hear him screaming , but she wouldn 't make it stop . Why didn 't you stop her , Terri ? Why didn 't you tell anybody ? Because ... because I was afraid of her . Because she was my best friend . Best friends are supposed to stick together , right ? Scully . Scully , it 's me . Where are you ? I 'm at a crime scene- - a new one . I think I have a solid lead on these deaths . I 'm way ahead of you , Mulder . I 've got a suspect I want to bring in . Who 's that ? Margi Kleinjan . Hold on a second . Margi Kleinjan ? That 's right . Her friend just gave us a statement . Actually , I 'm way ahead of you , Scully , because I 'm standing here with Margi Kleinjan , and she just gave me a statement implicating her friend . Who ? Terri . Well , actually , I 'm way ahead of you , Mulder , because I 'm with Terri right now . What ? I 've got your suspect , and you 've got mine . Why does that make sense to me at this point ? Look , Scully , I don 't think this has anything to do with any cult . I want to get them both in and get a formal statement , clear this thing up , okay ? Scully ? Sure . Fine . Whatever . Wait right here . Detective White 's cat ? Hey , what was that ? Hey ! Hey , girlfriend . Hey . Get her out of here . Out of my way . What the hell is going on here ? Something cosmic . Put that gun down ! Where is she ? Who ? The girl . The guilty one . They 're both in there . Well , I think we 'd like to see for ourselves . I think we 're all tired of waiting for law enforcement to bring about justice in our city ! Open the door . You don 't want to go in there . Excuse me . Gladly . We are but visitors on this rock , hurtling through time and space at 66,000 miles an hour , tethered to a burning sphere by an invisible force in an unfathomable universe . This , most of us take for granted , while refusing to believe these forces have any more effect on us than a butterfly beating its wings halfway around the world ... or that two girls , born on the same date at the same time in the same place might not find themselves the unfortunate focus of similar unseen forces , converging like the planets themselves into burning pinpoints of cosmic energy , whose absolute gravity would threaten to swallow and consume everything in its path . Or maybe the answer lies even further from our grasp . I think it was Satan . Yes , sir . Satan , it was . You ready ? You 're the driver . Uh , Scully , if I 'm not mistaken , we 're going to be taking a left up here . Uh , there 's an intersection up here . You 're going to want to ... Scully , you 're going to want to ... You just ran a stop sign back there , Scully . Shut up , Mulder . Sure . Fine . Whatever . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
